The final act of this story. Writing this book is going to be a bit of a bittersweet experience for me, especially as we get closer to the end. The desire to tell Jen's story was what pushed me into writing in the first place, and now that it's coming to a close? Yeah, I almost don't want to finish it. But all good things and that jazz. Welcome to the beginning of the end. Chapter 1 Endangered Lies Jen jolted into sudden wakefulness, her heart beating a panicked tattoo in her chest. Several figures she could make out in her bleary vision, and she hurled a brace of lightning bolts at her attackers before they could get another curse off. Thunder boomed, and she called up green death around her other hand— "Whoa, whoa! Stop stop stop!" Blinking her eyes clear, she now saw the five members of her family huddled behind Dora's shield. "What happened?" she demanded, dismissing the Killing Curse and sending her senses through the wards over Grimmauld Place. Herself, her family, Kreacher in the kitchen. No one had slipped in without their notice, no one had disturbed the wards. What had sent her in such a panic, then? Sirius cleared his throat. "Uh, that might be my fault. We – the Marauders, I mean – had a spell we used to keep ourselves awake after spending the whole night working on a prank. We need you up and alert for this conversation." And between her paltry resistance to magic and her normal paranoia, him trying that had sent her over the edge. She took slow, deep breaths and ran her fingers through her hair. "Please don't do that again. I thought we were under attack or something." Her eyebrows furrowed when she took in the white nightie she was wearing. "Who changed my clothes?" "I don't think putting clothes on you counts as 'changing' them," Andi said, crossing her arms with a faint huff. "And whether you like sleeping dressed or not is the least of our concerns right now. We're a little more worried about why you've been sick on the summer solstice for three years in a row." Jen tried her best to keep her sudden resurgence of panic from showing, but Andi and Dora's narrowing eyes were proof of her failure. "The first time, we thought you got sick after being kidnapped and exhausted your magic fighting it off. The second, you had just fought Voldemort, so maybe the same thing could have happened. But you didn't do anything like that this time, and what's happening to you doesn't match any disease we can find. A fever and coma that starts suddenly the night before and goes away as soon as the sun goes down again? There's something unnatural about this. How about you tell us what's going on?" She gave them a weak smile. "I'd really rather not." "Tough luck. Explanation. Now." Glancing around for help, she saw that even Cissy, the witch who was supposed to be her ally when her darker nature brought her in conflict with the rest of their family, was looking at her with steely determination. Great. Worse, she knew that in other circumstances, their suspicion and determination might be the right way for them to approach this. They knew something was wrong, but because they did not know what was wrong, they had no idea just what they were asking. She had managed to talk Dora out of arresting her two weeks ago when the older witch confronted her on her alliance with Priest and Menagerie, but somehow she knew that same trick would not work twice, and especially not with something like this. They were pushing her on her use of black magic , spells and rituals that were not misunderstood or misrepresented but were unambiguously evil. Black magic was considered a capital crime against humanity in any country that had a functioning government, and there was only one sentence ever handed down to those found guilty: immediate execution. Her Auror cousin loved her, that was not in question, but this would be a deal breaker. Yet they really thought she was just going to confess to them that she spent one day a year unconscious because the rest of the year she sacrificed human lives to a dark god in exchange for power? Her denial caught in her throat, and the corners of her mouth twitched as she suppressed the cold smile that threatened to well up. Now that was an idea. It even had the advantage of being true, from a certain point of view. She needed to hide a few things, obviously, but she had successfully misled Luna whilst the blonde was wearing Ravenclaw's Diadem, the ultimate lie-detector, so this could not be any more difficult. Luna had broken up with her immediately after that conversation, admittedly, but that did not bear dwelling on right now. She had truth to spin and lies to weave. "Aunt Cissy, Aunt Andi. Do you remember three winters ago? I wasn't old enough to go with Sirius to the Solstice Ball, so instead I spent the evening with you two and Dora, and we lit the candles for the dead?" Andi nodded, expression lost, but Cissy was watching her curiously. It only made sense that the piebald witch would be the first to start putting the pieces together. She had more of them, after all. "Dora had to ask what the Dark Powers were, whether people actually worshipped them. I didn't." "Because you worship Death," Cissy interjected. "Your mentor introduced you to that. You said you go off on the winter solstice to give your sacrifices." Jen pasted on a smile. "That is what I told you, but it isn't the whole truth." "Then what is the whole truth?" prodded Ted from his spot next to the door. "Elsie didn't just worship Death. It wasn't that simple. She was one of his priestesses. But she was old and frail, and all her students fled or died when she was accused of practicing Voodoo and chased out of Haiti. For all she knew, she was the last of her ecclesiastic lineage." "She was looking for a successor." She gave Sirius a slow nod, not surprised but also not pleased at his queasy expression. He might have been raised a Black, but he was too Light ever to be comfortable talking about the gods and orders of the Old Ways. "She was, and she found one. A little blind girl left abandoned in the snow. She started teaching me almost a year after we met, and when I was eleven, she said I had completed my training and consecrated me as a priestess. Not that I'm that good of a priestess," she said with a small, self-deprecating chuckle. "I have no temple and no flock. I don't even make sacrifices regularly. But I still am one. "You want to know why I always get so sick on the summer solstice and need a week to fully recover? That's why. On that day, the Dark Powers, Death included, are at their weakest. They retreat to the hearts of their realms until the sun sinks below the horizon and they come out to begin their ascent to the winter solstice." Her eyes fell to the scar on her left wrist. "I'm Death's servant, was as soon as I was ordained and will be until I pass through his realm and enter Guinea. When my god is at his strongest, so am I. And when he's at his weakest? From sunset to sunset, I straddle two realms, my body in the world of the living and my soul reaching towards the Labyrinth." She shrugged and looked up at the rest of her family again. "It isn't anything dangerous. It won't kill me. It's just incredibly painful to me and apparently frightening to you." Ted shook his head. "If it's nothing, why didn't you tell us about it instead of forcing it to become this big production?" "Because how in the world do you even start a conversation like this? Especially in this family?" She pointed at each member of the family in turn. "Aunt Cissy is a believer. Aunt Andi believes the Powers are real but not that they're gods. You and Sirius both think this is a bunch of nonsense, you because you grew up in the Muggle world and him because the Light basically rejects religion entirely. And Dora…." Jen frowned. "Actually, I don't know what your opinion on the subject is." "I don't have an opinion. I don't know enough about what's what to even start making one." "Mm. That's fair." Her gaze swept over them. "You wanted to know why I never said anything? It's because I could only count on one of you to believe that I was telling the truth, and I couldn't think of a lie that wouldn't sound just as crazy. Instead, I just ignored it." Andi opened her mouth to say something, but Sirius interrupted, "I'm not saying I don't believe you – I'm sure that's exactly what you were told to explain it to you – but are you sure there isn't some… other explanation?" "You just don't want to believe that the Powers are real," she taunted back. "No, I don't," admitted her godfather. Points to him for honesty if nothing else. "I learned about them as a child, just as Andi and Narcissa did. They're capricious, callous, and cruel, and that's the good ones. The evil ones don't bear thinking about, and Death is one of the evil ones. I don't know why you'd want to worship them. "But that isn't all. I have never, in my entire life, seen anything that can't be explained by magic and reason. Certainly nothing that would have to be attributed to any gods. Why would this be any different?" The conversation petered out rapidly after that. She had answered their questions, and with a response that none of them had expected in the slightest. This was something they would have to mull over before she had to worry about any continuation. Sirius did offer her an apologetic grimace of a smile before he left; Cissy, on the other hand, walked over and gave her a short hug. Once Jen was alone in her room again, she shook her head and pulled off the nightie before wandering to the bathroom. Hopefully, that lie would appease their curiosity. As long as they didn't ask for a demonstration of what priestesses did, she should be fine. James stumbled into the Order's meeting room, his mind still in the fog of denial and grief that had overtaken him ever since finding out that his son had been kidnapped. But what else was he supposed to do?! Snape claimed that he was trying to find out where Danny was, but James had his suspicions about just how hard the sniveling Slytherin was really working on that, and while Moody had offered to do some digging on his own, so far no one had even the first clue about where his boy was being held. The longer this took, the more likely…. No. No, he was not even going to start down that trail of thought. Most of the rest of the Order slowly trickled in, many glancing at the empty chair next to him but saying nothing. He had suggested to Lily that she come, to take her mind off their situation for a little while, but while she had said she would consider it, they both knew what she really meant. She was a ghost of herself, and he feared that so long as Danny stayed missing, that would not change. Dumbledore finally walked in, Snape dogging his heels, and shut the door. Sitting at the head of the table, the elderly wizard looked over the group with tired eyes. "I know that many of