Hey there! Thanks for stopping by! So, this is my first time writing on this site, I do write a lot on quotev though. So, first story *uproar of applause* Oh, thank you, love muffins, you're too kind. So, each chapter will have a song quote at the beginning and, in some cases, the entire song will be the muse for that chapter. Kind of a reference point. In those cases, at the end of each chapter, I will say the entire song was the muse, then, if you want, you could listen to the song and kinda get a better idea of the feelings behind the chapter in a lyrical sense, which I do when writing it. Anyways, enough babbling. Read on! "I'm all over the place, I can't sit in one place, I'm not ashamed at all…" - Jungle by H.E.R. "Ms. Castillo, glad you could finally join us," my teacher said pointedly with a look of disdain on his face. I smiled briefly, rolling my eyes as I made my way to my desk. There was literally a week left before finals. Did teachers honestly still expect us to come to school on time? Granted, I walked in with like 5 minutes left for class, and this was 3rd period, but still. "Sorry. I had a bit of trouble getting here. Personal reasons." "Very well. But we're covering for finals. If you want to get that last recap of information, I would advise you to try to be here on time tomorrow." I saluted lazily, sitting down at my desk. "Yes, sir. Will do." He nodded once, then continued on with his lesson. I'm not really sure why he didn't just choose to give us a study hall instead. We were in our junior year, entering our senior. The only thing we were worried about is getting this over with and surviving finals without falling into a pit of depression and off the face of the earth. We had spent 3 years listening to the teachers drone on and on about things most of us never cared about and would probably never use, I think a week before school ends is the time to give it a rest. My best friend Camille glanced over at me, an eyebrow raised, asking why I was so late. I waved my hand absently with an eyeroll, never planning on explaining what happened. I hated having to come up with stories. That's what my sister and I used to do when we were younger. But since then I've just tried to avoid the questions as a whole. "So care to explain why you missed first and basically second period?" she asked, pulling her dark hair into a knot atop her head, her eyes narrowed with one thick, perfectly arched eyebrow raised. "Uh, you know. Personal stuff." "Personal stuff? Like what? You've never been late before. Is something wrong?" "I just overslept, ya know." Her eyebrows knitted together, a confused look on her face. Please stop asking questions. I had to get rid of her. "I'll explain later. I gotta go." I rushed ahead, practically sprinting, leaving her dumbfounded. I didn't have any more classes with her, so I was safe until lunch. I could find a place to duck out until it was over. I wouldn't have to see her until after school. Hopefully by then she'd have forgotten everything. I doubted she would though. Four hours just didn't seem like enough time for Camille. Anyone else, sure, but not her. But four hours of bliss with no questions and no awkward glances is exactly what I needed. Now only to get through lunch. I packed up my stuff and patiently made my way through the crowd of people. My phone rang and I pulled it from my pocket, expecting it to be Camille wondering where I am. I answered without looking. "Hello?" "Where are you?" I froze, eyes wide and staring straight ahead. I forgot to breathe, and I knew it, but couldn't get my brain to work. "Maya," he pressed, his tone hard, like he was straining himself from losing control. "I-I'm at school." "I told you not to leave." "Dad-" "Come. Home. Now." I shivered, fear rising and swelling into my chest. Or was it my lungs straining because I wasn't breathing? "I can't. I-I can't...I can't just leave scho-" The line clicked and I released the breath. Oh god. I looked around me, seeing if anyone even paid attention to me, then continued walking, changing course from the cafeteria to the back of the school, plopping down on the cement, still damp from the rain we'd had this morning. It didn't matter though. I pulled my knees to my chest and rested my chin on top, letting my sandy brown curls fall down and pulling my hood over my head before wrapping my arms around my legs. There was no point in holding it in anymore. Just as the thought crossed my mind, the tears fell, as if they had been waiting for permission. They were hot against my skin, seeming to burn permanently in their path. I heard the back door creak open loudly and heavy footsteps follow. "Oh crap, sorry, I didn't know anyone else was back here." I shrugged and sniffed a little. "Hey, are you okay?" I didn't respond, wiping my face along the sleeve of my hoodie. I heard him walk closer then sit down beside me. There was an immense amount of heat radiating from him. It was weird but it felt good, being I was probably seconds away from hypothermia. It was kinda comforting. "I come out here to think sometimes. Get away from everyone else. Find a bit of peace in the day." I could feel him turn to me, but didn't look up or let him see my face, even though he probably already knew I was crying. "What about you?" "I needed to be alone." "Do you want me to leave you alone then?" It was an odd question being he's a complete stranger, but I found myself shaking my head. Something about the warmth and his presence made me feel better. Safer. "Okay. Do you wanna talk about it?" I shook my head again. "Alright." It felt good to have the company, even though we were completely silent. Camille was cool and fun to have around, but she asked too many questions and she never let go until she got an answer she thought made sense. But this guy, he didn't even introduce himself. He simply sat and just…existed. Which was exactly what I needed. At least for now. "I'm Seth, by the way." I saw a huge tanned hand move into my peripheral view and extended my own, allowing his to engulf mine. They were odd, different than I would have expected. Gentle and kinda rough, but soft to three touch at the same time. "Maya." He shook it lightly and I sighed in content. "Why did you stay?" "You looked like you could use some silent company. So… why not? I planned on sitting back here anyways." "But in complete silence?" I saw him shrug. "Words aren't always necessary. It's nice to sit in silence every once in a while. Gives you the opportunity to really think. Open up to yourself in ways you never thought possible." I pursed my lips and nodded. "Or at least that's what my mom says. I just like it. Kinda just think about pizza and tacos majority of the time." I smiled a little, but he probably couldn't see it. Something in me told me he knew it was there, though. "What about you? What do you think about?" "Nothing. For once, I let my mind draw blank. Give myself a chance to relax and be free of morals and humanity and what's right and wrong. I just sit and just...be." He was quiet for a while and thought he would disagree or think I'm insane. Girl sitting in the back of the school crying alone and not even thinking, but then he kinda laughed. "Your idea is way better. Makes mine sound dumb." I just shrugged. "There's no such thing. You look for simpler thoughts. I look for none. It's all the same. An escape either way." "Well, hey, take my number and anytime you want to talk about those endless thoughts, you can. As I said, I don't think too much. I try not to dwell on anything." His hand reached over again, this time a cellphone was held in it. I took it and input my number and contact and gave him my phone to do the same, finding it very easy to do. Something about him just made me feel safer. He didn't even know me; didn't even know what I looked like, yet he still was being so nice. It was an interesting change of pace. Everything seemed to move slower and too fast at the same time, the time seeming to have frozen, but still was gone too quickly and I just wanted to stay here forever in this moment, never worrying about anything again. I stood and pulled my hood from my head just as the bell rung and glanced down at him. Seth Clearwater. Now I remembered. I had seen him around a few times. And we had had classes together in 9th grade. But he looked a lot different now. Puberty hit him hard, and in a good way. He was tall, I could tell that simply by how long his limbs were, legs almost touching the ground from where they dangled. His hair was longer, hanging down to his shoulders, and he had muscles that I don't think any junior should have. He seemed older. But there was still this childlike aura about him. It was nice. He looked up at me and his dark eyes were wide, his form frozen. I turned away quickly, thinking it was because of my eyes. He thinks you're weird now. But no. There was something in the look. I turned back to him briefly as I headed for the door and the look had changed. I couldn't place it. Well, I could, but it didn't make much sense. It was almost like adoration. But that didn't make sense. Then everything was moving too fast for me to comprehend. I know the door had swung open, the familiar creak louder, and it should have hit me. But I never felt the impact. All I felt was warm. I came back to reality, eyes shut probably as an instinct, then I realized I was being held in an iron grip. I opened my eyes and looked down at the arm securely wrapped around me then up at Seth, who was obviously the owner of the arm. He was staring down at me, lips parted slightly, then the corners turned up into a smile. There was that look still in his eyes, but they seemed kinda here but not here. Like he was dazed. "Uh… hey, should I come back later or…" I snapped out of it and looked in front of me, seeing Camille standing there waiting, a smirk on her face but a confused look in her eyes. How did she find me? I tried to walk but couldn't, then remembered Seth's arm. I looked back up at him, his eyes still trained on me. "You can let me go now." His eyebrows knitted together and he looked at his arm as if just noticing it was around me, then let go. I felt empty and cold as soon as it was gone. Pushing the thought out of my head, I hurried past Camille into the school and to my last class, ignoring her calling after me. I'd never hear the end of this. But maybe she'd think that was why I was late this morning and leave that alone. I was