Harrison Snape and the Magical Childhood: Part 1 of 8 in the Cursed Chronicles Chapter one The Attack The candlelit windows of Spinner's End glowed orange in the midnight blue murk of the early evening twilight. Inside a young redhead was dressing a boy with messy black hair and bright green eyes, the shade of green that ought to make a very emerald pale with envy. The jumper she put him in was blue, a baby shade with brown plump owls all over the front of it with little brown speech bubbles saying, 'I love Hoo' and above her a large mobile of dancing fairies sang a little lullaby tune whose melody was soothing but whose words were little more than baby babble. Directly below the mobile where the mother was standing was a crib, a bright redwood crib where on the headboard in bright green letters were the words, 'Harrison Severus Snape.' Harrison, or Harry for short was in their nursery asleep and oblivious as he was lifted from her shoulder and laid in his crib, she cooed at her baby causing him to open his eyes and squeak happily at her and she smiled and raised her wand causing blooms of sugary rainbow smoke to burst from the tip of her wand. after the puffs of smoke had ended and Harry had gone back to sleep, She picked him up, kissed him both on the head and nose and shut his door to ajar so that she could work on some tonics for curing the common cold. Rather boring work but it was something that had to be done, the common cold was a rather unpleasant affair-Lilly had suffered her fair share of these and knew this all too well- and the sooner she could cure them the better for the children in her charge. She saw no reason the children need suffer with this and although muggle medicine may not be able to cure it; that was nothing compared to wizarding medicine and desert sand and toad's warts did wonders for the sinuses. She had just finished adding the quicksand to her concoction when suddenly the door to their little house burst open and a hooded figure all in black materialized out of what appeared to be a cloud of ebony dust. She rose to her feet, "Can I help you?" she asked, whispering so as not to wake the child. The figure ignored her, saying to his hooded companions; "Search the house." Lilly started blinking her emerald eyes rapidly in astonishment, "Search the-"she stammered, "I beg your pardon!" One of the men shoved by her and she heard her china smashing in ear splitting crashes all around her. "Now see here, I don't know who you are or what you want but you have no right to barge in here and— "she yelped as a massive, beefy hand stung her cheek. "Now see here," said the man who had shoved passed her in a mocking tone of voice. "Ye best do what the Dark Lord says or it'll be all the worse for you." He warned, with a crooked gap-toothed grin flashing lemony teeth. Lilly paled, "The Dark— "she echoed and then stupidly, allowing her motherly instinct to take over she ran into the nursery where her baby boy was still sleeping soundly. This was stupid because, naturally the three death-eaters followed her into the nursery and saw her child beneath his blue blanket in his now soiled jumper. Now awake and fussy Harry's loud wailing normally so ear-splitting was soundless compared to the thundering of her own heart in her ears. It was thudding, dun-duh-duh-dun-duh-duh-dun-dun-dun over and over like the beating of a medieval executioner's drum. The sound, primal raw and deadly as it hurt her chest as she felt dizzy with fear and more than a little panic. She swayed on her feet, and the big one who had struck her took advantage of it and knocked her off her feet to her belly. Lilly just lie there for a moment stunned, frozen in horror as the man who had broken her china for fun picked up little Harry and looked down at him with narrowed brown eyes the sickly color of oil. "My Lord, we have found him." He reported a little gleeful. " Excellent." Said a chilling voice in a snakelike whisper. Lilly laid there listening to them, having no idea what the three of them were talking about but knowing she didn't like the sound of it. Not one bit, but she was also no fool and so she simply lie there, listening, pretending to have hit her head hard enough to be knocked out. Why the Dark Lord and his goons wanted her son was a mystery to her; and one she knew she had to know the answer to although she was sure she didn't want to. Dumbledore had warned her in her seventh year about the dangers of prophecies and how they weren't to be taken lightly and what in the name of the Great Merlin did they mean the 'chosen one'. "Snape isn't here my lord, just his bitch and their pup." The man sneered. Lilly felt her blood boil at the sound of him calling her that; being raised in a muggle family she had always found that even worse than being called a mudblood, a mudblood while awful was something she knew was not true because her bloodline was not dirty but the term 'bitch' well that was just an insult of the worst kind and she raised her wand and her eyebrows screamed something at the man and the man's tongue twisted, twisted, twisted. Twisted until at last the man had no tongue at all but merely what looked like a squishy rope a violent shade of bubblegum pink. The man busied himself with untying his tongue was blubbering like some pissant child with a boo-boo and Lilly had to admit she was proud of herself for that one and knew her husband would be too when she had the occasion to tell him about it. China-Breaker laughed heartily at the misery of his companion saying, "Never call a mudblood a bitch." He leered, "Master," he sneered glaring at her, "Which one should we dispatch?" "We kill them both…" The Dark Lord hissed, "Leave no spares. Severus will pay for betraying me." Lilly froze, Severus of course. He had been a death eater before they had married taken in by the Evil One's promises of greatness when she had gotten involved with James Potter from her third to fifth year. She had forgiven him that, and he had forgiven her in the end but still the dark Lord was not one to be crossed. Severus had turned an informant for Dumbledore for her sake and the sake of their child. James didn't like it but he had remained her friend with the promise of protection which begged the question how he had found her home. Either way it didn't matter. The point was, that he was here and intended to kill her children as punishment for her friend's crossing him. She reached into the pocket on the hip of the muggle baking apron her mother had given her when she married Severus and felt the long smooth handle of her wand. She sent a prayer of thanks to Merlin that she hadn't put it back in the box as she intended and pointing it at Fat-Hand's heel she mouthed the torture curse and he screamed, his knees buckling as she slowly got to her feet glaring at him with complete conviction. Lilly didn't intend to kill either one of them, she would never use magic for evil. She had promised her mother as much, but hurting an intruder well that was an entirely different matter. "Why you!" said China-breaker in a high-pitched voice raising his wand. Lilly was having none of it;" Crucio!" She shouted at the top of her voice and the man squealed like a pig dropping to the floor where he wailed loudly. The death eater buckled and fell to his knees and she reached up and yanked the dark hood from his head and recoiled. "Peter…" Her emerald eyes met the gaze of her former friend with a mixture of hatred and pain. She couldn't believe the man asking which of them they were supposed to kill first was a man she had once considered to be one of her closest companions. Lilly felt tears coming to her eyes and wiped them furiously as he squirmed beneath her grip. She tightened her hands on his robe yanked his head up and dropped it hard to the wooden floor where he yelped in pain and then she did the most, childish muggle-oriented thing she could think of she gave him a good sharp open handed slap across the face. Hard enough to split his lip and he felt the trickle of blood on his lips. "Why Wormtail, why did you bring him here!" she sobbed, forgetting the imminent danger her and her child were in because of her own personal hurt. "I'm sorry Lilly, he would have killed me what would you have done?" He simpered, while her rage mounted. Lilly raised her wand no mercy in her heart, "Avada…" she began when her legs were taken out from under her by Fat-Hand, her wand rolled away. Then she heard that chilling hiss, "Worthless…swine…" The voice sneered and then the horrible words came out," Avada Kadavra!" And the flash of sickly green light. Lilly screamed as she witnessed something as horrible as a dead body for the first time in her life. He-who-must-not-be-named kicked his murdered henchman aside and advanced toward Harry in his crib. Harry was the younger one and so he would kill the young child first, because he had always derived pleasure from making older siblings and parents watch their baby die. He smiled cruelly as he lifted his wand to point at the child and Harry squirmed as Wormtail groveled on his knees, crawling on his belly till he knelt before the Dark Lord like Judas Iscariot to the high priest. Lilly had the impression of a witless worm or a sniveling rat as he snuffled and grabbed the hem of Voldemort's robe in his fat grubby hands. "Forgive…me master… I failed…" he moaned as though he were Igor offering to pull the switch for Dr. Frankenstein in a muggle picture. The Dark Lord placed his hand on Wormtail's balding head and said in a mock-soothing voice. "Go outside Wormtail, when you see the green light burn it to the ground." "Yes Master." He groaned, limping away in a half-skulk that would have made Quasimodo envious. Lilly felt panic rising sharp and burning like bile in her throat as she saw He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named moved toward Harry. She shot to her feet, running she stood in front of Harry and scooping him off the floor and clasping him tight to her chest where was Severus; why wasn't he home and what did the dark Lord want with their baby? Lilly had heard the stories of what the dark lord was capable of and that he had killed many others on something as simple as a whim. This was one evil man and she felt her very constitution being tested as her baby cooed and gurgled happily, unaware of the horrible danger he now faced. He then hissed in a slithery voice: "Step aside woman and I will spare your life!" he advanced on the baby and her heart plummeted to the pit of her stomach. "Not Harry," she pleaded looking at the men with all the anguish of a mother whose son was to be sent to the chopping block, "Please, not Harry... take me, kill me, but please not my baby!" her voice had rose to an ear-splitting shriek. Voldemort smiled that cold, handsome, devilish smile of his