Lily was in the Gryffindor Common room, sprawled out across the couch. She had a Transfiguration textbook between her hands, her eyes clinging to every word intently. Suddenly a pair of soft lips pressed against hers interrupted her train of thought. Lily smiled. "How am I ever expected to get my studying done with you sneaking up on me like that?" When she opened her eyes a messy haired boy with square black rimmed glasses loomed over her. He plopped down on the couch, lifting Lily's legs and placing them in his lap. "What's the point in studying if you can't have a little fun?" Lily blushed as he leaned in closer to her, his lips traveling up her neck and along her jaw. Screw it, she thought, tossing the textbook aside. Lily sat up, wrapping her arms around his neck and pressing her lips delicately against his. They moved in unison, her hands traveling down along his chest. She could feel the outline of muscles beneath his shirt... Lily was shaken awake by the sound of an owl's beak tapping impatiently against her window. She jumped up, her oversized t-shirt soaked in sweat. What the hell had she just been dreaming about? Her stomach tossed and turned as she quickly scrambled from her bed and threw the window open, letting Apollo in. "Sorry," she apologized, although her owl would never know. "You silly little thing." She pet her affectionately, giving the owl treats to nibble on as she took the letter for herself. Lily, France is wonderful. Mum left after the first few days, had to get back to work, but it's better that way anyway. Amy's been showing me all around, introducing me to her friends, taking me out to the pubs. Have I mentioned how much I am absolutely fucking loving being seventeen now? I love it. The only downside to this place: when Amy is working I have absolutely no clue what I'm doing. She tries to leave me maps and directions for things to do but I always get lost. In recent days I've acquired an incredibly helpful friend to guide me around. His name is Anton and before you ask yes, we are a little more than just friends. Wipe that look off your face! You wouldn't be able to resist it either if you were guided around town by this beautiful smile. Only a few more days until I have to hurry on home (to Anton's great dismay) and I'll be able to spend the next two months of summer running around with you, Mary, and Alice. I can't believe this is it, our last summer as Hogwarts students. Well, no matter what we'll make the most of it, lots of drinks and parties to go around. Talking about parties, I'm also super excited for your boyfriend's little get together (which I am incredibly thankful he is throwing a day after I get home). Well, try not to be too glum without me and remember I return home with piles and piles of prezzies. Love, Marlene Marlene's letters always put a smile on Lily's face. She'd hurried off to France to visit her older sister Amy the day after they'd gotten home from Hogwarts and Lily had missed her more than she thought she would. It was only two weeks apart but somehow those two weeks had left Lily with more complicated and unresolved feelings than the past seventeen years of her life. Lily snatched a pair of shorts off her bedroom floor and threw them on before heading out downstairs. The house was silent which meant her mother must have been at work already. Lily had been alone for much of the past week with her mom constantly on shifts at the hospital and her sister away on vacation with Vernon's family. She grabbed herself a bowl of frosted flakes and then sat in front of the TV as she munched away on them. Her mother, Katherine Evans, worked at a hospital a few miles out of town as a nurse. Katherine was a small, frail, woman. She had always been very delicate looking but had become more so since the death of her husband a year prior. Richard Evans had been Lily's role model. She'd shared a special bond with her father from a young age, the two of them always on a frequency neither Petunia nor her mother could reach in the same way. Lily had the fondest memories of her father slipping her treats on the drive home from school. "Don't tell your mother and sister okay?" he would instruct Lily, who was struggling with a mouthful of toffee. "This is just our little secret." It always was, too. Never once had Lily shared those moments with the rest of her family. It had been a heart attack that had finally killed her father. Lily had thought it ironic because she always saw her father as having the biggest heart in their family. Richard Evans had never been one to watch his diet. He was always a portly man, but it'd suited him. Lily could remember her mother nagging him all the time but she'd always just thought it was in the way most people worried about the ones they loved. "Rich, you have to pay more attention to your fat intake," Katherine would sigh time and time again. "It's not good for you, especially as you get older." Mr. Evans would just get a big smile across his face; he'd take his wife by the shoulders, and look into her eyes. "Would I be the man you married if I worried about my fat intake?" Katherine would roll her eyes every time. "I would just like to keep the man I married around long enough for our golden wedding anniversary." Sadly, Mr. Evans never made it that long. His first heart attack had taken place just after Christmas during Lily's fifth year. Her mother owled that he'd collapsed during one of their morning walks, she'd rushed him to the hospital immediately. Lily had gone home for a week to make sure he was okay and when she'd left to head back to school he had been in high spirits, seeming to have recovered from the whole ordeal. The second one was not so lucky. It had been during the summer. Lily's mother and sister had gone out shopping and she and her dad were making breakfast and enjoying a morning in front of the TV. Lily had gone to take a shower while Mr. Evans continued watching the news downstairs and when she'd returned he was sitting, frozen, in his chair, a cigar still burning between his fingers. As she sat on the couch alone, all Lily could think about was that morning almost a year ago now that she had spent with her father. Her green eyes traveled over to the armchair he always sat in. No one had used it since his death. Lily swallowed back a lump in her throat, pushing aside the cereal she no longer had a stomach for. This summer would be better than the last; she had already decided that. She'd spent her two months off last year moping around mourning her father and avoiding any of her friends who'd tried to come around. Lily refused to let that pattern repeat. A lot was a different this year. She'd grown her hair out longer, she was seventeen, and she was dating one of the most attractive boys in her year. Fabian, one half of the Prewett twins, had asked her out halfway through sixth year and the pair had been going strong ever since. Fabian was kind, funny, and strikingly smart. He was one of the first guys Lily had gone out with that she had a genuine interest in. Not to mention he was incredibly good looking with his auburn hair and warm brown eyes. All of the girls at school were jealous of her. Lily had felt lucky, like she'd hit the jackpot, until recently. It wasn't Fabian; no, he was still absolutely amazing. It was her. In the past two weeks since they'd gotten home from school a familiar messy haired boy had plagued her dreams nearly every other night. Lily winced just at the thought of all the things she'd dreamt of them doing together. It wasn't as though James and her were on bad terms; they'd gotten over all of that last year. During their sixth year at Hogwarts, Lily and James had actually managed to get along. James had stopped asking her out excessively and Lily had realized he wasn't really an arrogant toerag - most of the time anyway. They'd even spent the journey back to Kings Cross together, playing a round of Exploding Snaps and making plans to see each other over the summer. So what the hell was Lily doing dreaming about him? Was she just going mad, her mind confusing the men in her life so that she put James in the place of Fabian by accident? Lily Evans in no way fancied James Potter, that was a fact. The pair becoming friends was shock enough, but Lily having an actual crush on him? Hell would have to freeze over first. James may not have been a complete asshole but he was still childish, arrogant, and completely full of himself. Not Lily's type at all. No, Lily enjoyed the quiet brooding type, the type like her lovely boyfriend. That was the problem, Lily decided. The complete lack of Fabian Prewett in her summer so far had driven her to complete madness. This needed to be fixed. Lily jumped from her seat, walking with determination back towards the stairs. She would visit her boyfriend and show her subconscious just who was a better candidate for romantic dreams. James squinted up at his friends flying high above his head, adjusting his glasses on the bridge of his nose. Peter, Remus, and Sirius were all in the air, the group playing a small game of Quidditch as they always did when together over the holidays. James placed his broom beneath him and shot up to meet them, quaffle in hand. He looked over at Peter who was gripping onto the end of his broom for dear life, his knuckles white. "You alright there, Pete?" James asked, struggling to keep the amusement from his voice. "I hate flying. Why do we always have to do things that involve flying?" "Quidditch is a religion Wormtail, get with it." Peter rolled his eyes, adjusting his hands carefully. The four of them flew high above James's garden for at least an hour, Peter eventually loosening up as he always did after some time. In the end it was James and Remus's team who won, much to Sirius' disappointment. "I still say that last throw Wormtail got was legit!" he complained to James long after their feet had hit the ground. His friend merely smirked, not one to hand over his victory easily. James' eyes traveled up the pathway behind his house and he could see his mother standing just outside of the back door. She was waving violently at all four of them. "Lunch!" she called out to the group of them, all four immediately heading in her direction. They were not about to turn down food after a vigorous game of Quidditch. "So, are we going to this party at the Prewetts' Saturday night?" Sirius asked curiously, staring in James's direction specifically. He hated when Sirius did that, acted like they were supposed to hate Fabian because of him. James and Fabian had always gotten along well, since they were just first years, and in fact Fabian had even asked James first how he might feel about him and Lily dating. James had told him his crush on Lily was a thing of the past, but he was lying. It had just become abundantly clear in the