For Lexi; Narcissa/Lily. Congrats on the Gryff HoH position xx Muggle Music #4: Task One: Write about someone who conceals their insecurities by acting flippant, funny or any other way that might be a cover-up for their true emotions. (casual/indifferent when asking out, like angry but not? when first kissing, babbling when nervous, more angry than strictly necessary when confronted) Extra Prompts: (word) trauma, (lyric) So you think you can love me and leave me to die?, (phrase) Nothing really matters Word Count: 2850 (i got carried away…) A/N: this probably won't matter for anyone but me, but all the new sections (like after the line break) that begin with Lily are in Lily's POV, and the one's beginning with Narcissa are in Narcissa's POV (structural choice ;) ) A/N 2: The epigraph thing is the lyric from Bohemian Rhapsody, split in half for the story (if that makes sense—the first half is at the start, the second half is at the end.) The title is a lyric from one of my favourite Panic! songs, although I'm not sure if it's completely relevant or not (yet). A/N 3: Narcissa is in Lily's year in this, instead of being years above her ;p also Lucius is in the year above, A/N 4: ! Narcissa refers to Lily as Lily Evans for a while because she's trying to emphasise the last name in her head, the fact that Lily has "dirty blood" you got two black eyes from loving too hard So you think you can love me Lily walked into Potions, her head held high. Her green eyes quickly scanned the classroom, searching for a suitable place to sit. She disregarded the space next to her previous best friend, Severus, and decided she did not want to sit next to Sirius Black for the entire lesson, for he would probably ruin her work five times in the same lesson. That only left the space beside Narcissa Black, a Pure-blooded Slytherin who had barely even noticed her existence before. Lily sighed, walking over to her and sitting on the stool. Neither of them said anything to the other, which, although it was not a good thing, was not a bad thing because it meant that Narcissa was not outraged by this seating arrangement. She pulled her Potions textbook out of her bag, watching the door for the Professor. As he walked in, he flashed Lily a smile, winked at Narcissa, and began talking to a Hufflepuff at the door about their progress in Quidditch. Narcissa glanced at her briefly, but her blue eyes were back on her own textbook as Lily looked at the blonde. "Okay class, today we are going to learn about Veritaserum…" Narcissa never knew why Lily Evans sat beside her in their first Potions class of Sixth Year. It baffled her every time she dwelled upon it, so she simply did not think about it. That worked fine for her, until Lily Evans sat beside her again the very next lesson, two days after the first incident. Narcissa very discretely looked around the classroom, and found that there were still two spaces left. One next to Sirius Black (the only of his friends to continue onto Potions, although Narcissa had not been watching him at all), and the other next to Severus Snape. She understood why Lily Evans did not want to sit next to Severus, as the two had had a massive argument at the end of Fifth Year. However, she thought Sirius and Lily Evans were now friends, for they seemed pretty friendly in the Great Hall at Lunch earlier today. She did not bring it up, however, and the two girls fell into the same comfortable silence that had become customary. Narcissa only looked over at the other girl a couple of times and was relieved that they were only doing theory still (this time, they were learning about the Polyjuice Potion). She was afraid for when they had to work with a partner to complete a potion. She did not want to ruin the peace they had developed. She did not want to talk to a Mudblood. No matter how pretty they were. Lily was surprised to find herself looking forward to her following Potions lessons. She had gotten used to the cold, yet not all that unpleasant, silence. In fact, she rather looked forward to the silence, as it provided a peace that she never experienced with the other Gryffindors. That was until they had to work together a few weeks later on their first partnered work. They weren't the worst pairing in the room (Lily was sure Sirius was going to blow up Snape's cauldron, and Snape was probably going to kill someone because of it). "Amortentia!" Slughorn announced. "Today, you will attempt to make it with the person next to you. It's not the easiest of the potions to create, but it's the only one that will be complete in the space of the lesson. You may begin." Lily turned to Narcissa as the Pureblood began to speak. "Do you want to set up the equipment, or to prepare the ingredients?" Her voice was void of any emotion. Narcissa really did have a beautiful voice. It had a posh lilt to it, under gentle layers of smoothness. She found herself liking the voice. "I can set up the equipment," Lily replied, equally emotionless. Narcissa was relieved when they had finally done. They had accidentally brushed each others hands no more than four times, and whilst Narcissa brushed past Lily she caught a whiff of vanilla that must have only been the scent of the girl. For once, she was annoyed when their potion went right. "Ah, well done girls!" Slughorn exclaimed, after cleaning up the mess that Sirius had caused with his partner's cauldron. "Can you tell me what you smell?" Lily took a whiff of the potion, blinking uncertainly. "I can smell lilies, and Honeydukes Milk Chocolate, and some kind of perfume that I don't recognise…" "That's great, Miss Evans! What about you, Miss Black?" Narcissa leaned in to take her own sniff of the potion. Her eyes widened slightly. "I can smell peppermint, the scent that the Slytherin Common Room has, and…" She hesitated. "And vanilla." Lily chanced a glance at her. "That's wonderful, Miss Black!" Slughorn beamed at them both. "Now, could you please Vanish the potion—can't have anyone using it now, can we?—and clean up your work area?" "Of course, Sir," Lily said, smiling back at the professor before Vanishing the potion. Narcissa began gathering up the knives, cleaning them with a simple cleaning charm. They worked together to clean up their area, neither of them looking at the other. The potion made you smell what you were attracted to. Narcissa smelled vanilla, which she discovered not long before was the smell of Lily Evans. She couldn't be attracted to Lily Evans. She was a Mudblood, dirty, and her older sister had been disowned for marrying a Mudblood several years back. No, there must be another reason she smelled vanilla. She saw pale hands reach past her to grab the remaining ingredients, and she began to wonder what it would feel like to hold those hands in her own. Would they be smooth, or calloused from all the potions? Would they feel warm, or cold? Would they be dwarfed by her own hands, or would Narcissa's hands be engulfed? Would they fit together like pieces of a puzzle? She shook her head, trying to chase out the unwanted thoughts. She couldn't be catching feelings for the Mudblood. It was improper. She wanted her more than anything. Lily was not surprised when the next Potions lesson involved the same silence they were both used to. However, she was surprised at the less-than-subtle glances that the Pureblood kept sending her way. What was going on in that pretty little mind of hers? Lily sighed loudly as she scribbled down another fact about some potion. At the front of the classroom, she could hear Sirius beginning a full-blown argument with Snape, with the former raising his fist as they both got more and more angry. Snape had pulled out his wand, and Slughorn stepped in, preventing what could have easily been a disaster. Lily found herself glancing at Narcissa once again. Her green eyes met with the Purebloods blue ones, and as they both realised that they had made eye contact they looked away from each other, blushing. Wait, she was blushing? That was not like Lily at all. She did not blush at anything. Except, apparently, Narcissa Black. Narcissa made her move a few weeks later. She really should not have. "There's a Hogsmeade weekend coming up soon, Evans," Narcissa stated casually. Her heart suddenly dropped, realising for the first time Lily might not like her like that. She pressed on anyway, her heart racing in her chest. "I mean, I don't care if you want to go, I'm just saying that you could go with me. Potentially. If you wanted to. I don't care if you don't want to go at all. I'm just asking a question which could be shown as caring but really I don't care." Lily grinned at her, which scared her more than any answer could. "Yes, I'll go with you," she said, a soft smile still on her lips. Narcissa let out a breath she didn't know she was holding. "I mean, I don't care if you don't want to go with me, I'm sure I can find someone else who would grace themselves with my presence." "Well, that's too bad, Black," Lily replied softly. "You're stuck with me now." Narcissa found herself smiling back. Lily found herself enjoying her Saturday in Narcissa's presence, even if the blonde insisted on wearing a floppy hat so no one could recognise her. Lily sort of understood why; Narcissa's sister had been disowned for liking a Mudblood, and Sirius was disowned for supporting them. The two of them went to the most quiet areas, like this quaint little shop that sold potion ingredients. They didn't do anything but spend time in each others company. Lily liked that, it showed a real connection if you didn't have to do anything to enjoy your time. The next Tuesday, an elegant owl dropped off a note into her lap. She opened it gingerly, expecting a bomb from Narcissa's parents. She was surprised to recognise Narcissa's handwriting. Meet me in the Abandoned Classroom on Fifth Floor at 5 PM. -N.B. Narcissa truly had no idea if Lily would actually turn up or not. She was sure they had both enjoyed their time on Saturday, but that did not mean Lily would want to meet her again. She was being too bold, too reckless. At five exactly, Lily walked in, smiling when she noticed Narcissa was here already. "Hello, Black," she greeted. Narcissa bobbed her head at her, sitting back on a table. Sitting next to her, Lily twined her hands together. "What did you want to meet me for?" "Well, I wanted to be in your presence, more than anything," Narcissa said honestly. "Why?" "Well, in case you haven't noticed, Evans, I like you. A lot." Lily blushed. "It's Lily." "Pardon?" "My name is Lily. You can use it, you know." "Only if you call me Narcissa." "Deal." Lily held a hand out to shake hers, and as they met Narcissa found out the answer to all of her questions. Her hands were smooth and warm. They were almost the same size as hers, so they balanced each other out. They most certainly did fit together like a puzzle. Narcissa found herself not wanting to let go. She did let go. Lily had a light flush on her cheeks. The room did feel like it was warming up… "Can I kiss you?" Lily asked suddenly. " Pardon ?" Narcissa's eyes widened. "Only if you would let me, I mean you