AN: This will be a Dramoine, but I'm carrying off from the end of the war so she's still currently with Ron. Rated M for upcoming chapters. This isn't Beta'd and it's my first HP Fic. Don't be too harsh and please leave reviews if you're enjoying it. *Disclaimer* I don't own any of the Harry Potter characters or JKR's work. Almost three months had passed since the end of the war. Hogwarts was almost completely put back together. Death Eaters had taken to Azkaban, while others were still hidden, and loved ones were being buried and remembered. It took all of Hermione's strength to not cry as they buried Tonks and Lupin together while she holding baby Teddy. Andromeda was in no state of mind to hold him and neither was Harry. It was the last of the funerals they were to attend. The first being Fred then Lavender, who while she despised, knew in her heart that Ron needed closure, Colin Creevey, Snape and now Tonks and Lupin. She stood there with a slight sway in her step, eyes glossed over, trying to keep the stream of tears threatening to escape her as she held this innocent child who had lost both of his parents in one day. Her internal struggle leading up to today knowing one of his parents should at least still be standing here knowing all too well Tonks was too stubborn to sit on the sidelines and enjoy her son while a war was being fought. Lost in her train of thought she hadn't felt a rather large hand placed on her lower back until she was brought back to reality with a kiss on her temple and barely a hold on the three month old wiggling and grabbing for the person whose hand was touching her. Looking to her right she meets his soft blue eyes and bright red hair as he's now reaching for Teddy releasing her hold of him. Once he had him settled in his arms Ron looked into Hermione's honey brown eyes and nodded his head in Harry's direction. Without any words spoken Hermione glided over to Harry and sat on the ground staring at the new headstone seen before them. Nymphadora "Tonks" and Remus John Lupin Proud mother, wife, father, husband and friend Devoted to the moon In darkness she found comfort In light he found hope Wrapping her arms around her knees she leaned into Harry putting her head on his shoulder while they silently wept. After a short time they left, taking Teddy with them and leaving Andromeda to mourn for her daughter and son-in-law. -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-. The Trio and their friends continued their work at their beloved school trying to get it fixed in time for September classes to commence. All 7th years had been offered a chance to come back to complete their N.E.W.T.'s. with an automatic Outstanding in Defense Against the Dark Arts. It seemed only fitting as they had survived a war against the Dark Lord. Hermione of course had chosen to do just that, though did argue she'd rather earn her "O" fair and square. Ron and Seamus were the first to reject the offer while Harry and Neville were still undecided. She knew Ginny would really want Harry back during her final year but the horrid memories could be enough to keep him away and just pursue his career as an Auror. As much as Hermione wanted her best friend there, she also knew what it would do to him mentally. After a long day of rebuilding Hermione headed down to the Dungeons, one of the only places that was complete, to rest her head for a moment. She walked into what was once the Slytherin common room and inhaled deeply. Many secrets were held in these walls. The secrets of the Death Eater sons and daughters that caused them torture during their school years. Now it was empty. Just a large empty room. She cast a wordless spell at the fireplace to bring a comforting warmth to the common room. Something she was sure the dungeon never saw. She laid on a couch facing the back wall when she heard others enter the room murmuring about some Healer who helped people after the war. Interested she sat up a bit to hear them better. "Yes that's what I'm saying Nicola. It's said that this Healer has been a miracle worker to those who have terrible nightmares after the war." The taller brunette she recognized from the years of watching Harry play Quidditch. She was a Hufflepuff, Hermione believed to be named Heidi. She assumed the other girl was also a Hufflepuff by her yellow and black striped outfit. "Wow, I wonder if they picked that up from the Muggles. I believe they have a similar profession don't they? Ther...uhhh...thereaputes? I think they're called?" replied a puzzled Nicola. Of course! Hermione thought to herself. "Therapists." She corrected making both girls jump at the realization they weren't alone. "Oh um, hi Hermione. How are you doing?" Heidi asked with a sad and concerned expression. "As good as expected. Glad the war is over. Could you tell me a bit more about this Healer?" Nodding. "Well, she's like those, uh, therapists you just mentioned. They figured a lot of people would have post war traumas like they've seen in the Muggle world. Apparently they have quite a few Healers who have stepped up to help talk about the troubles of the war but rumor has it she's the only one who's been able to help enough to get the nightmares to stop or be extremely limited. I'm not sure if it's true o'course, but it's something to look into. They're at St. Mungo's. Her name is Estella" "Thank you Heidi." Hermione said as she headed out of the dungeons. -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.- Letting Harry and Ron know she was going to head to St. Mungos, she left with Neville who decided to go see his parents. As they entered St. Mungos they were greeted by the Welcome Witch. Neville headed to the Janus Thickey Ward after bidding farewell to Hermione. "Excuse me", Hermione started, "I'm looking for the healers who are similar to therapists? One in particular named Estella." "Ah yes," replied the Welcome Witch. "Up on the fifth floor. They've cut the tea room in half to make room for the new healers." Hermione headed up to the fifth floor and knocked on Healer Estella's door. From the other side she heard a faint voice say "With a patient. Please have a seat in the tearoom and I'll be with you shortly." She made some tea as she waited about half hour before the door clicked open. Standing to speak with Healer Estella she was first face to face with a tall male with blood shot grey eyes who looked rather pale with disheveled platinum blonde hair. "Move." A cold stoney voice in a low tone made her suddenly aware that she was indeed in his way. "Now Mr. Malfoy what have we been talking about?" Came a voice Hermione could only presume was Healer Estella's. It was very feminine with a matter of fact tone behind it. "Move. Please." Draco Malfoy managed to say through gritted teeth. "Excuse me." Hermione replied as she side stepped and Malfoy pushed through her bumping her shoulder. Rolling her eyes in disgust she composed herself and looked at Healer Estella. She saw a petite lady standing before her with golden brown hair and bright blue eyes. She was wearing a black jumpsuit and was smiling at Hermione. "Well hello there Ms. Granger, I was wondering when I could expect you, Harry or Ron. I'm glad to see you as I'm sure we have much to talk about. My name is Estella." "Yes, hello. Um. I'd like to be able to make an appointment with you. I'll be going back to school soon so I'd like to see you as soon as possible." Hermione said though her mind was still on Malfoy and thinking about what he could possibly want to talk to a healer about. Surely the war had affected him, but he wasn't really the type to seek help. Noticing the witch was distracted Estella spoke. "Well I'll be coming to Hogwarts weekly to meet with students who need my services come fall, like your fellow classmate there." Gesturing in the direction Malfoy had just walked. "Malfoys coming back? Surely he has no reason too." "Ah, but that is a question for him. I could see you in three days at half past two in the afternoon. Does that work?" Estella said as she looked at her calender. As they agreed Hermione walked out of St. Mungos and apparated to the burrow with her mind racing with questions, all pertaining to Malfoy. The need for knowledge was always her worst enemy. -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.- Three days had gone by and so many things happened in that time. She was continuously fighting with Ron and while she was trying to be a supportive girlfriend while he mourned his brother, all he wanted to do was snog. She missed how George and Fred would play jokes, the fire in Ginny, the jokes between her, Harry and Ron. She was happy the war was over as they'd spent their entire school life fighting evil, but at the same time, it seemed they had nothing in common but surviving. She was glad she had this appointment. Trying to talk Harry or Ron or even Mrs. Weasley into going was a difficult feat and though she hadn't given up, she did stop talking about it. They all agreed it was a waste of time and their time could be suited better doing something more productive. Like crying she thought. Apparating to St. Mungos she waved to the Welcome Witch and headed to the fifth floor. Heading into the tea room she started to make herself a cup of tea when she heard a low groan. Turning she met the same blood shot grey eyes from last week. "Hello Malfoy." She tried to say cheerily. "Granger." Malfoy sneered. "Seems Estella is late." "Oh. You haven't been to see her yet?" "Obviously not. Why would I continue sitting in here with you if I had?" Malfoy spat. Rolling her eyes and ignoring his comment she sat across from him. "So I hear you're returning to Hogwarts?" "Nothing gets past the Gryffindor Princess huh?" "Just surprised me." "It shouldn't." "Well why are you coming back? I've decided t-" "Not surprised you're going back. Always have to be the top. Miss know-it-all. Can't miss a single marking huh mudblood?" Growling at the unwelcome term she sneered, "Trying to have a civil conversation with you is absolutely impossible Malfoy." "Well then stop trying. I don't care to speak with YOUR kind." "Really? After everything we've been through and the war we've won, you're STILL going to act like this Malfoy? Still a foul loathsome evil little cockroach huh? No one to love you? Did mummy not hug you enough as a child?" Hermione growled standing in front of Malfoy. Standing up with rage, he over-powered her petite frame. "Listen here mudblood. You leave my mother out of this. My family is and will always be better than you." "Mr. Malfoy if you are done, our session can start." Estella said calmly from the doorway though there was anger in her voice. Glaring back at Hermione who was standing tall glaring back at him, he stormed off and slammed the door behind him. Breathing heavily she sat down and drank her tea, turning her back to the door so she didn't have to see him when his session was over. "Ms. Granger, I can see you now." Realizing she dozed off she headed into Estellas office. It was a small room with a lounging chair and comfy looking love seat. The ceiling was charmed similar to the way Hogwarts