Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Twilight books or the characters. I have dyslexia and am not really good at english so I hope you will still like it. Emmett It was so odd, it felt so strange how your life could change in an instant. This morning I went up early so that my mother could sleep in. It was the day off my long awaited hunting trip it had been on my mind all week. This time my brother was going to stay home and fix things around the house. Even if I had been on hunting trips alone many times, this was special because I was going to try catching as many animals as possible so that I could help my family. Even if we weren't poor we certainly weren't rich either. My brother and I worked at the railroad, this gave us a bit of money to spend but not much. Luckily my family had each other; we played games and told each other tales. It was so much fun! On the weekends my brother and I would entertain people at the pub, often there was a woman or two that would catch my eye. This was a behaviour my mother hated, she often told me that I couldn't keep going on never settle down and start a family. She was right but I never understood why she nagged on me more than my older brother. When I went into the kitchen I noted the lack of chopped wood. I went out and started chopping, I was a lot stronger than the other people in the town. So chopping wood was an easy task for me. Even if my older brother was strong I had been blessed with better endurance and I were a lot stronger than most men. After I was done chopping wood I made breakfast. I collected eggs from the hens and milk from the cows. I wasn't a very good cook to begin with but I tried. The eggs went into the frying pan with the milk and some flour. This was the only thing I really knew how to make, pancakes. It didn't take much time before I could hear the first footsteps walking down the stairs. "It smells so good Emmett!" It was my little sister Charlene, the cutes person in the world. Even if she was 14 years old, she still was as cute as a little baby. "Thanks Char." I said and placed a pancake on a plate. "Here." Charlene walked over to me and took the plate, she smiled when she took the first bit of the pancake. "You really are the best at making pancakes!" She said and smiled. "Mom will be so happy when she wakes up!" This made me happy, our mother really worked as hard as she could. Our father just left one day and never came back, some people said that he had a wife in another town and some said that he was killed in one of his hunting trips. I believe the latest were correct and my mother does too, our father was a loving person and a great dad. But as he left us alone my mother had to work really hard so that she could make an income that made it possible for us to live in our small but wonderful farm. Me and my brother was trying to make her life better now, even if it was weird that both of us still living at home. My sister was the apple in my eye, so if I could make her smile even if it just for a second it was worth all the pain and suffer in the world. "Hey Emmett have you made your famous pancakes again?" Richard said and gave me a punch on the shoulder. I answered with a punch on his arm and I could see that I was the winner. We did this every day our father used to tell us that punching each other every day was a great way to build up muscles. "Of course! I will be the one going on a hunting trip today so thought that I should bring some to eat later." I said and gave him a plate with a pancake on. It was so fun seeing both my siblings enjoying the food I made for them. "Oh where is mom? Is she up yet?" "No I think she will sleep a bit longer today than usual, you know that she worked late again." Richard said and turned his gaze. Worked late was not the correct term, she had to put up a lot for the three of us. Even if it meant spending time with that horrible dork Harold, the person that maybe would marry her in a year or two. He had money but was absolutely horrible as a person and we all were aware of this. "Yeah, worked huh." I mumbled and realized what I just said. "You know as much as anyone that mother wouldn't even been in this mess if it wasn't for dad bailing on her!" Richard had stopped eating his pancake and looked at me with those dark blue eyes. He was one of those few who believed that father just took off. Therefore he also hated his eye colour, our father's eyes. Our mother used to tell us stories how she fell for those eyes back in the days. "Shut up! I know okay! I just wished I could do more!" I yelled at Richard. He looked startled but I wasn't surprised as I usually didn't yell at people. "Quiet Emmett or you will wake up mom." Charlene said and stood by my side holding one of my arms. She was so tiny and fragile that I was happy to be as strong as I where so that I could help her and my family in any way possible. "Sorry Charlene." I looked over at my brother and felt guilt build up inside me. "Sorry brother." His hurtful expression turned into a smile and he grabbed me by the shoulders. "Sorry huh? You're sorry? Big strong Emmett is sorry! What should we do about it Charlene?" Richard winked at her and she smiled. "I think we should tickle him to madness." She yelled and then started to try tickling me. It was useless, I was the lease ticklish person ever. "Do you have to start fights so early in the morning?" a voice said from the doorway, it was mother. She looked older that she usually did and had a mark under her eye. Richard was right next to her in a few seconds. "Did he do this to you mom?" he asked and I could see his eyes were filled with anger. "No I just fell." She said but this was clearly a lie. We could see the shame growing in her eyes and I knew that this was the last thing she wanted me to see before going on a hunting trip. "I made pancakes!" I said to break the bad feeling in the room. This made my siblings return to their places and my mother's face to light up. "I thought that I smelled something." She said and sniffed around her. "You have to teach me how to make them so perfect Emmett." After I given her a plate she dug in. The smile was so beautiful that it almost drove me to tears. "Thanks!" she said and stuffed in another pancake. "So when are you leaving Emmett?" Richard asked after he sat down his milk. "After I have done the dishes, I want to be back before the sun goes down." I saw the look of fear in my mother's eyes. She hated these hunting trips especially if either of us were going alone. "I will be careful mom." I gave her a kiss on her head and started doing my dishes. "I will leave these here with you." I pointed on a huge pile of pancakes and I saw how my sister's eyes lit up. "Thanks Emmett!" Charlene gave me a hug. I gave her a hug back and one to mom. Richard gave me a slap on the back and told me to be careful. After I said goodbye to everyone and walked for two maybe three hours into the deep woods I took a break. It felt good being in nature, seeing the sun over the treetops and smelling the ground. This was one thing I did with my father, he often told me tales of hunting and gave me hints how to hunt more efficiently. He was a great man. Then I heard a sound in the bushes. I took my shotgun and turned towards where the sound had come. It stopped when I turned. Suddenly I noticed that the whole forest had become silent, as if it warned me of danger. I was never the one to be afraid but even I could feel a shiver going down my body. I held my breath as the bushed started to move again. Then suddenly a huge black bear appeared before me. It growled at me and I felt my pulse going to extreme speed. What in the world was a bear doing in these woods? A shiver went through my body as its brown eyes looked at me and I knew that it was either my life or this bears. I took a hold on the gun and shot as the bear started to run towards me. I hit it but it was not enough, the bear was huge and as it came near me I saw its giant seize. I started to run but realized that it was too late, I wouldn't be able to come home. I felt a tear rolling down my cheek as I realized that once again my mother would lose someone. Maybe this was what had happened to my father, a giant bear. Soon it stood before me and growled as high as it could. It swung a paw in my direction and I ducked in just the right moment. Then he attached me with his other paw and I couldn't do anything. I could feel my bones break as he hit me and I could smell blood coming from me. Soon another paw jacked on my body and I was swung over the ground. It was as if I were flying but then my body reached the ground and I started feeling an extreme pain. I turned my head and saw the bear running towards me. Even if I always been a guy that took the day as it came and well met everything head strong I couldn't help but shut my eyes. I didn't want to see the bear rip out my guts, so I waited for the end to come. But it didn't, I looked up and saw the bear's back. It was looking at someone away from me and it was growling. What could have made the bear lose its interest? The bear was in the middle of my sight so I couldn't see what it was but I knew that surely it wouldn't end well for me either way. The bear ran towards the other creature and I noticed how the bear was slung to the ground and had its head cut off. The blood was running through its veins and the ground was turning red. What could have done that? My eyesight was flickering and suddenly something white appeared into my sight. It looked like an angel. She was perfect, the most beautiful creature I had ever seen. I decided to not shut my eyelids that were beginning to become heavier than earlier. Rosalie It had been such a normal day, I, Carlisle, Esme and Edward had decided to go hunting. I hated it but it was our lifestyle. My throat was burning of thirst