Disclaimer: Sadly I don't own Lord of the Rings, so anything that Tolkien owns I don't. Also the first few chapters, sans the prologue were inspired by the first few chapters of Melika's story, A True Fellowship , so I don't own the basic structure of some parts. Author's Note: Hi guys. Man, I keep getting side tracked from my other two stories. I was suddenly inspired last night, at midnight, no less, to write this. I've been meaning to write something like this after I read A True Fellowship by Melika (go read it! It's really good, although I am sorry to say I have yet to finish it). The section after the prologue is highly inspired by the first couple of chapters of that story (go read it already, you know you want to!), and then it will branch off into my own, hopefully original plot. Also, elvish translations are at the bottom. There are a few pictures on my profile, and if you see any that match my descriptions please send them to me! For those of you who haven't read the books, Thorongil is a name that Aragorn used while serving under Thengal, king of Rohan, and Ecthelion II, steward of Gondor, from about 2957-2980 I believe. I hope you enjoy! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Prologue: Two horses were slowed to a walk as they approached the River Hoarwell. Their keen-eyed masters had seen something glinting in the swift water and had planned on discovering the source. The pair of riders agilely leapt from the backs of their steeds before approaching the rushing river with silent steps. "Tiro!" One of the two exclaimed, pointing into the river, the other muttered an oath in the same tongue, a language too eloquent for such words, before jumping into the shallow water and wading towards the cause of the sparkling reflection of sunlight. His companion waited tersely on the riverbank as he untangled the shimmering mass from the grasp of a willow's roots and hauled the limp body onto the shore. Identical sets of grey eyes stared at the unmoving woman below them before one of the two hastily began removing the shining armor that had attracted their attention in the first place. "It's mithril," The one said as he laid one of the larger pieces on the ground. "I've never seen anything like it," The other commented quietly, examining the decorated plating briefly, before kneeling and checking her pulse. "She's alive, but barely, we need to get her to Imladris." He worriedly moved some of her dark hair off her face. Even in such a state, the mysterious woman was strikingly beautiful. Her skin held a sickly pallor that made her long, waterlogged hair stand out starkly against it. She had high cheekbones, finely arched eyebrows, and slightly full lips that had begun to turn blue from the frigid mountain water. Black, blue, and green bruises marred her flesh where it was visible beneath her garments. "I agree," The first rider said before pausing in his removal of her stranger armor. "She has a serious abdominal wound, I do not think it was caused by a normal blade." As he finished removing the last of the armor, the woman suddenly started awake, grabbing his arm in a bruising grip. "Nanie? Escala rinea manthose? Ave soir!" Her voice was hoarse with misuse and the words sounded like utter nonsense to the two riders who stared at her in astonishment. "Ú-chenion. Man pennich?" The figure to her left spoke in a tongue foreign to her. Her feverish blue-grey eyes swept back and fort between the two before she swayed and fell backward; she was caught by the rider to her right as she descended towards the ground. The first rider picked her up and was surprised by how light she was, even so drenched in water. "What is she?" the other asked, standing and moving alongside his companion. "She is not Elven-kind, neither is she of man." He moved some of her hair behind her ears, revealing delicate points, similar to elf ears but different. "She is one of the Fae!" - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Year 2969, the Third Age (50 years prior to the journey of the fellowship) Ecthelion II, Steward of Gondor, along with 30 Gondorian soldiers, and the captain, Thorongil, as well as the grey wizard, Gandalf, rode deep into the Forest of Mysts to have council with the inhabitants. Ecthelion, being a man of wisdom, sought to strengthen his land against the ever-dwelling threat of Mordor by forming an alliance with the powerful creatures of the woods, the Fae, or Faeries. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Thorongil rode beside the Steward, his appearance was relaxed, but a well-trained eye could see the tenseness in his back, and the firm grip he kept on his blade. The aged man beside him looked neither left nor right as he confidently guided his steed through the trees. Behind the two leaders, the Gondorian soldiers were neither as calm nor as adept at hiding their unease. Their frightened whispers reached the men and front, but still they marched on and on through the murky woods. More than an hour had gone by since the company had first passed into the unnaturally quiet forest. As far back as any one could remember it had been tradition that no man entered the wood on the Northern border of Mordor, yet here they were, walking long unused paths, breaking the thick silence with the stamping of their horses' hooves and the frequent whispers of the frightened men. "They will be able to hear us long before we are within their borders." Thorongil muttered, refraining from casting a look back at the soldiers. Ecthelion glanced over at his favorite captain and smiled a wry grin. "Yes my friend, but it cannot be helped. Are we not already on their lands?" "Nay, my lord. This forest is a neutral land, a protective border. Their lands lie beyond the shadows of this forest, we will know when we reach them." Gandalf's reply to the Steward caused raised eyebrows amongst those who heard him, but Thorongil merely shook his head, muttering something about old men and riddles under his breath. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - True to Gandalf's words, the men knew when they had reached the lands of the Fae. The heat was the first thing they noticed. It was not the dry heat of the plains, but more like the heat of the coast, muggy and so humid you could almost taste it. The fog that gave the Forest of Mysts its name vanished as soon as they entered the alien realm, instead of receding gradually like it would have normally. On either side of the path the forest had become a lush, tangled jungle. Gigantic leaves reached into the open area, saturated with water. The place appeared to be steaming, the air itself was wet; sweat soon appeared on the bodies of the Gondorians, and they took to frequently wiping their faces to alleviate the dripping liquid. Strange animal sounds could be heard in the surrounding greenery; unfamiliar bird calls, the occasional growl, followed by a shriek of some unfortunate prey, and the buzzing of large insects. Brightly colored flowers, with heads larger than the soldiers silver helms, perfumed the air with almost sickly sweet scents. The sky could not be seen through the overgrown plant life, towering trees and bushes formed a solid canopy overhead while thick vines hung down into the path. "Mithrandir!" Ecthelion called out to the wizard. The grey clothed old man whispered a few words to his magnificent bearer, Shadowfax, Lord of all Horses, and the brilliantly white Meara slowed so that the Steward's horse could walk alongside. "Tell me about the Fae." The Steward requested as they continued through the suffocating jungle. Gandalf waited until Thorongil had come up on his other side before complying with the Steward's command. "I suppose, if you were to compare them to the other races of Middle-Earth, the Fae are most like the elves, in both appearance and longetivity, but I would advise against mentioning such a comparison to either party." "Why would it be so unwise Mithrandir?" Ecthelion asked, looking over at the wizard in confusion. "The Fae hold no love for elves, and the elves hold no love for faeries. It is as simple as that." "But Mithrandir," Thorongil cut in, "If the two races are so similar, how could they hate each other?" "The similarity generally ends with the appearance and the length of life, other than that they are completely different, my young friend. Perhaps it is because of the similarities; perhaps it is because of the vast differences. I have never asked, as it has always seemed a delicate subject. Faeries, like any other people, find faults in all the other races, and things to respect in other races. Like the elves, they do not have faith in men, seeing their short lives as fragile and seeing the race, as a whole, as weak." "Because of Isildur?" Thorongil interrupted again, sounding slightly bitter. "Perhaps, perhaps not. Do not forget