Theme: Crazy Days of April Story Title: Unforgiven Rating: M Beta'd Word Count: 3,871 Holiday: Plan Your Epitaph Day Unforgiven by Corrine 22 I'm getting by with my wicked ways I'm loading up and I'm taking names I'm going to dig my way to hell Eminem-Wicked Ways The prodigal son The diabolical one Very methodical when I slaughter them Eminem-3am "So, tell me how you're feeling today, Mr. Cullen." She draws this question that's spoken like a statement through a sigh as she adjusts in her chair. I'm tired of all of these questions, all of these answers that I'm supposed to give. I didn't see the point in it at all. I knew what the verdict would be, despite my lawyer trying to give me some form of false hope. I tried to think of an appropriate response. Despite feeling that no matter what I said the result would be the same. I still didn't feel like telling some strange psychiatrist any ounce of truth about me. How did I feel? How don't I feel seems more appropriate. When you kill people for the military, for "your freedom", it's your job. It's seen as something heroic. You get medals, you get praised and all the kids look up to you as you're paraded throughout the streets on Veterans Day. It's all a sick joke. If I was out on the streets doing the same thing, just without dog-tags swaying from my neck, I would be called mental. All you get then is endless psych evaluations, jail time, and possible death row. Doesn't make much sense, does it? I'm still the same sick bastard either way. There are still innocents lost. I'm still a killer. The only difference is now I chose whose life should come to an end. Instead of being told when, who, and how to do it. "Fine," I decide to respond through gritted teeth. We both know how much I don't want to be here. Court mandated and all that. Like it's my last shred of hope. Please...I think we all know there is no more hope left. Maybe never was. What they don't know is I choose death. Not life in prison. Not any life at all. She looks at me with thinly veiled contempt, knowing I'm not going to let it go. "Want to try to talk about your parents today?" She's attempting to get a rise out of me. She might have been doing a great job at it if I wasn't so good at hiding my true self and keeping these walls up. It might make any normal man react to talking about the parents who abandoned him at such a young age. To live in countless foster homes and looked over for most of his life. But it helped build my resolve, not crumble it. "You know, Jasper, talking to me might finally help your case. They could determine you mentally unfit and go a lot easier on you." All I do is stare blankly above her head, a nail hole in the wall holding so much more meaning to me than her words. "What about your time in the military?" she tries again. The war makes you into a killer, coming home afterwards you fight harder to find the man you're supposed to become. To be a man at all. You have to be one kind of man in Iraq then another when you come home. Like a Dr. Jekyll, Mr. Hyde type of situation. Like everything you've been through, what you've seen doesn't change you to the core. Doesn't change any semblance of a man you could have become if you never stepped foot on that foreign ground. Like the life back here should be so much easier because we live in a much safer world. You have those people who are grateful they made it back here. But, looking back, I wish that I would have just died there. She looks at me during my silent thought process and sighs again. I suppose she sees the resolve in my eyes to not talk any further. There's nothing of a man left inside of me to save. She's just doing her job. Why she would care or put any second thought to my situation is beyond me. "Okay, Mr. Cullen," she says in a matter of fact tone. I guess we're no longer on a first name basis now that she's done with me. "As you know, your court date is the day after tomorrow. They are going to have a meeting with me later to discuss your evaluations. Seeing as how you've given me very little to work with I doubt it's going to go in your favor." She pauses for a moment, making it a point to make eye contact with me, her face stoic. "I wish you would have given me more, opened up a little to me." We are silent as I stare back at her, confused to the emotion behind her eyes. She quickly looks down at her watch, effectively ending anymore conversation. "Okay, time for you to go back now." I give her a silent not and stand to walk to the door to be escorted back to my cell. "Jasper?" I hear in a hushed tone behind me. I turn my head to look at her over my shoulder. "Good luck," she says to me, averting my gaze. I walk out the door in continued silence. There is no point in saying thank you. I didn't believe in luck, let alone believe that I would be graced with any of it. Or deserve it. FWAR The cell door slams behind me and I'm left to my own mind. The last place I would ever want to be. It almost makes me wish for the stereotypical psychotic cellmate to divert my brain. But sitting on this hard, unforgiving bed my equally unforgiving memory comes creeping back to me. There is no point to try to sleep it away. Sleep is just another thing that I'm not allowed to have. It used to be that every time I would close my eyes their faces would appear. But now I see them with my eyes wide open. At any given time. The child slowly walking up to me, innocence on his tiny, malnourished frame. He's hunched over, arms wrapped around his stomach and sides. Thinking he's hurt, I walk up to him cautiously as to not frighten him. Right as I lower down to my knees to be level with him, he raises his head. His eyes meet mine and they look cold and callous. Shocked at his calculated stare I raise a hand to touch his elbow, trying to lend a helping hand, to show him some form of kindness. Just as my fingertips graze his skin he straightens and his arms fall and I'm staring at a bomb strapped around his waist. One of the soldiers in my platoon screams something at me and I feel his arms wrap around my shoulders to drag me back away from the little boy. He drops me on the ground as three other soldiers surround the boy, guns drawn, everyone shouting. All of their voices feel muffled as I continue to sit on the ground, too scared to move. The boy takes a step forward. He looks around at them and stares straight into the barrel of each gun before he sets his eyes back to the man standing right in front of him. The soldier squares his shoulders and grips firmer on his gun, his hands shaking. My vision snaps back and forth between his gun and the eyes of the boy I thought once to be so innocent. In America we are taught to have our kids remain kind and gentle, to nurture them and raise them to be honest. Here they are used as a ploy against our emotions. They are seen as a tool, a means to raising our death count. I cringe, knowing the ending but not able to look away. Just as the boy's hand reaches down to trigger the bomb the gun goes off. Right before the bullet hits the boy in the chest, right where his little heart was beating and had kept him alive for eight years, his eyes meet mine. The moment the bullet pierces his skin his face contorts and all malice disappears. I yell out at him, my body suddenly scrambling, fingers clawing the ground to reach him, like I could somehow save him. He was already dead by the time I got over to him. I watched in horror as the blood seeped out through his dirty, thin shirt feeling a similar sharp pain in my own chest. I raised my eyes up to his face, no longer able to see the proof of his life leaving his small body and saw the look that should have been there all along. In death, just like when a child sleeps, he looked so calm, so serene. And in one quick moment it was all taken away. Just because of the war. Just because they trained him from such a young age that they needed to do this. Forcing such a young child to grow up so quickly. In that moment I felt so horrible for all of the children there. That they had to grow up so quickly. That they couldn't grow up like the rest of us. To be able to play and have their most sad moment of the day just be as simple as a fallen ice cream cone. That they were witness every day to death and pain and not be able to even go to school or have the proper health care. That they were probably brought into this world through another type of act of violence to just be shoved into uncaring hands. That this boy who now lay dead before me wouldn't be able to grow up and try to reach his full potential, to do something great in this fucked up world, to change somebody's life for the better. To be able to save someone's life unlike the way I was unable to save his. The sun beats down on me and I feel more sweat roll down my back, making my clothes stick uncomfortably to my skin, making me feel almost suffocated. Me and five other soldiers are stationed at a gate to deny anyone access to the other side, to not allow anyone to get out. In the distance I see a silhouette of something moving, making me snap out of my heated daze, and I alert the man standing next to me. He looks over at the two men next to him, cocks his gun and nods in the direction of what I now realize is a vehicle rapidly approaching us. The rest of us raise our guns as I move to stand right in the middle of the locked gate. One of the men stands to the side, his hand raised to let the people in the car know to stop. By this point I can see there are at least two people in the vehicle. But they show no signs of slowing, dust kicking up and swirling through the air as they barrel down, aimed straight towards me. We all start screaming for them to stop but they either don't care or don't hear us. I look over to my right to silently ask a question to the other soldier, panic now rising in my chest. Do we shoot or give them a chance to finally stop? Is this a regular civilian car or a terrorist's car bomb? I can see the same panic I feel setting into everyone else's eyes as we realize that these people are not slowing down. If anything, they seem to be coming at us even faster. The sweat pours off of the back of my