Author's Notes : I did my best to work in a little bit of each of my recipient's requests (see end notes for the full prompt). I apologize if anything slipped through the cracks; time worked against me. I am also the furthest thing from being a Tolkien expert, though I try to be diligent in my research. The name of the village is borrowed from a LOTR RPG because, wow, there is not much info on cities in Rhudaur. Please consider any inaccuracies creative liberty on my part. Disclaimer : J.R.R. Tolkien et al own all things related to the wonderful characters and lands of Middle Earth; I'm just borrowing. No copyright infringement is intended. Acknowledgements : Many thanks to my awesome betae, Ignoblebard and Carol, for all their help and support. Any mistakes in the final draft are mine alone. Written for Marchwriter, for the 2016 My Slashy Valentine Story Swap. (~ * ~ * ~) T.A. 1357 Arrogant. Privileged. Ruthlessly irresponsible. There were a few other choice words Haldir of Lórien could have used to describe the twin perehdil of Imladris, but those four were more than adequate. He kept his scathing opinion to himself, of course, as he politely acknowledged the one who now stood beside him — Elladan, if he was reading the favored braid pattern correctly — before turning to face the esteemed Lord of Imladris himself. "Mae govannen, Lord Elrond," he said, offering a respectful bow. "I am reporting as requested." Elrond approached from behind his desk, wearing the same grim expression as Lady Galadriel when she had given Haldir his orders. "Suilad, Haldir o Lórien. I appreciate your celerity in this matter. Have you been briefed?" Haldir shook his head. "Nay, my lord. I was simply told to make haste across the Misty Mountains and offer whatever assistance you required." "I see." Elrond paused, as though bracing himself. "Ada, we are wasting time," Elladan declared. "I can explain everything to Haldir on the way—" Elrond held his hand up for silence. "I will not have the two of you rushing headlong into this mission. There is more at stake here than you realize, ion nín." The sharp contours of Elladan's face told Haldir just how tightly the younger elf was clenching his jaw. With obvious restraint, Elladan lowered his gaze and asked softly, "Perhaps I should see to our provisions then, as I am already privy to your directive?" Acquiescence. That was unexpected. Haldir's brow cocked ever so slightly as he observed the interaction. Elrond inhaled deeply before answering. "You may. And Elladan?" he called when the ellon turned to leave. "Due to his extensive experience in the field, I am giving point to Haldir; you will follow his lead at all times." Though he could no longer see him, Haldir heard Elladan stop. Judging by the hard resolve that sparked in Lord Elrond's eyes, he gathered another battle of wills was raging between father and son, this one silent. His assumption was proven correct when Elladan murmured a very deliberate, "Yes, my lord," before taking his leave. Ah, petulance. Familiar territory indeed — at least as far as Haldir was concerned. His few dealings with the sons of Elrond had not been pleasant, due in large part to their penchant for recklessness and impertinence. All manner of mayhem had erupted each and every time the twins had visited their grandparents in the Golden Wood. Lord Celeborn's attempts to structure their time with weapons training and patrol assistance had only stirred a powerful undercurrent of irritation amongst the members of the guard, Haldir very much included. Having them around had proven dangerous on numerous occasions, and those memories alone forced him to broach a subject he would have otherwise left unsaid. "My lord?" Haldir began. "Am I to presume this is a scouting mission?" It was the only logical explanation why he had been singled out amongst all available warriors in both elven realms. His knowledge of other cultures and languages made him a valuable asset where information gathering was concerned. Elrond nodded, still glaring at the door his son had gone through. "In part." Purposely sidestepping the implications of the other's statement, Haldir pressed forward with his argument. "I work much more efficiently, and discreetly , if I am alone." Lord Elrond's gaze shifted to meet his own, and Haldir saw a myriad of emotions swirling in the stormy depths. "I do appreciate that. However, I could no more stop Elladan from accompanying you than I could stop Anor from rising." Haldir's other brow rose. "You see," Elrond continued, "the other part of this mission is a rescue. My son Elrohir has gone missing." The revelation hung in the air a moment before Haldir asked, "Was he traveling?" Elrond made his way towards the window, hands clasped loosely behind his back. The gentle rays of the early morning sun only highlighted the lord's drawn expression. "I sent him into Rhudaur with ears and eyes open, hoping to confirm troubling hearsay that had arrived with merchants from Bree. Elrohir had been eager to prove himself capable on this kind of assignment, and I..." he trailed off, turning back to Haldir, "...I had confidence enough to let him go." "I am quite certain your trust was well placed," Haldir offered, wincing inwardly at the half-truth. He himself did not have the same faith in either of the peredhel twin's abilities, and certainly not on a mission that required no small amount of patience and tact. "Be that as it may, my son left four full moons ago, when the first blossoms of ethuil looked skyward. It will not be long before the chilled winds of iavas are upon us, and not a word of his whereabouts has reached us in more than two fortnight." "Rest assured we will find him, my lord. Where was his last known location?" he asked. Elrond went to his desk and picked up a scroll, which he handed to him. Uncurling the worn parchment, Haldir read the words slowly. 13 July Talugdaeri It is as we feared, only worse. A singular shadow prevails in this region, the root of which eludes me. I leave for Fornost Erain at sunrise. There was no identifying mark or name, but instead of being suspicious of the missive's origin, Haldir allowed himself a moment of reluctant approval. It had been written in Westron script, not Tengwar, and on poorly made parchment — a far cry from the flawless vellum for which the elves were known. The only items that did stand out were the elegant letters themselves, so obviously written by one who was well schooled, though that would hardly be traceable to any one person or realm. There was nothing whatsoever to tie this directly to Elrohir or Imladris. Perhaps the young peredhel had been properly trained for a mission of such importance after all. "Did a winged herald accompany your son?" Elrond nodded. "A raven, specially trained to fly by night." "Then there is no question as to the author?" "None at all," the lord said. "'Tis Elrohir's hand. If he'd been forced to write, there would be subtle but identifiable clues from him." Haldir took a deep breath and handed the scroll back. "A rather cryptic message." "Indeed. This brings me to the reason he was sent to Rhudaur in the first place — and also why I've issued strict orders preventing Elladan and Lord Glorfindel from marching into Rhudaur territory with every last warrior we have in order to find him." "A singular shadow," Haldir ventured, repeating Elrohir's words. Perching himself on the edge of his desk, Elrond's gaze fell to the floor. "A group of merchants arrived mid-Gwirith — the first of the season. They told of the odd goings-on they'd witnessed while traveling through Rhudaur. The people of the wild lands, they said, were changed. Quiet; overly suspicious; fearful of striking up a simple conversation with a friendly stranger. There was a sizeable contingent of guards present as well, many more than were warranted for these tiny hamlets. "They also spoke of an ever-present sense of evil underlying the fear, of eyes watching every move they made at all times of day and night. I was quite prepared to disregard their words of caution, except for one very important detail: they told us the Dúnedain were no longer in charge. The Hill-men were." Haldir blinked in surprise. "The Rhudaurian crown, usurped?" "That is precisely what I need to know. And if so, by whom, though the obvious suspects would be one of the other breakaway kingdoms, Cardolan or Arthedain. By all counts, such news should have reached us far sooner. If the usual unrest amongst the Arnorian factions is set to escalate into retaliatory warfare just outside our borders, I've no wish to find out after it has spilled across the Bruinen." "I shall be your eyes and ears, my lord," Haldir reassured. Elrond stood once more, grasping Haldir's shoulder. "I do not trust Elladan to keep a level head while his brother's fate remains uncertain. Elrohir will be his priority, and rightfully so. But I fear there might be more happening in Rhudaur than meets the eye, and I cannot help but believe Elrohir's disappearance is related to whatever that is." "We will bring him home." "Please do," Elrond whispered, the anguish of a helpless father clearly written in his expression. "With your permission, we shall depart at once," Haldir said. "'Tis given. May Eru grant you speed and safety." Bowing, Haldir took his leave. The corridors of the Last Homely House were relatively empty at this early hour. Very few witnessed his purposeful gait as he made his way outside. The stables were only a short distance away, and as expected, Elladan was already there securing the last of their packs. The young elf didn't acknowledge his presence in any way until Haldir finally spoke his name. Elladan stopped what he was doing and turned to him. "I know exactly what you're thinking, March-warden," he said, his words laced with pain and bitterness. "You, with your millennia of lofty experience, fully believe my brother was incapable, that it was a mistake for him to be sent into the field in the first place." "I would never presume—" Elladan interrupted, "But you do, Haldir. I see it in your eyes and in the tight lines of your mouth. You needn't put voice to it." Resentment. It rang true as a crystal bell in Elladan's tone, though Haldir was doubtful all of it was aimed in his direction. He was worried for his brother. The tension between Elladan and his father had been evident enough as well, and given that Lord Elrond had delayed the start of this mission until Haldir's arrival, it was no wonder Elladan was in such a state. The strained relationship between them would do more harm than good on this assignment, though. They needed to work together, not against one another. Haldir approached, deliberately keeping his gaze even and free of reproach. "We will find your brother, Elladan," he said softly. "How he came to be in this situation is of little consequence now." Elladan's eyes glistened with emotion barely kept in check. "Shall we be on our way, then?" Haldir was mildly surprised at the other's composure. Had the situation been reversed, with either Rúmil or Orophin in dire straits, Haldir probably wouldn't have honored anyone else's leadership. He would have been half-way to the Bruinen already, heedless of his father's mandate. It was an interesting observation. Much had obviously changed since the twins last graced the Golden Wood with their antics and bravado. "Let us ride," Haldir told him. Elladan turned and mounted his white steed — one that suspiciously resembled Lord Glorfindel's renowned stallion — and headed for the Bridge of Imladris without a backward glance. Haldir released a deep breath, shaking his head as he grabbed the