This story is my response to the following Ardor in August prompt: Rating up to = NC-17 Requested pairing = Any Fellowship/ Thranduil Story elements = What if the Fellowship had passed through Mirkwood instead of Lothlorien after leaving Moria? (feel free to ignore the geographical awkwardness of that). I'm perfectly fine with Crack, non-crack, fluff, romance or serious. I just prefer no heavy angst, but other than that, whatever way the Muses lead, I'm good with. Do NOT include = no death (other than in reference), no rape/ non-con (again, reference to it is acceptable), no scat, no watersports. Disclaimer : J.R.R. Tolkien et al own all things related to the wonderful characters and lands of Middle Earth; I'm just borrowing. No copyright infringement is intended. Acknowledgements: Many thanks to my awesome betae, Ignoblebard and Carol, for all their help and support. Any mistakes in the final draft are mine alone. It was a pleasure to write this for you, Nuinzilien — I hope you enjoy it! Let it be known that on this day, December the 25 th , in the year three-thousand and eighteen of the Third Age, Middle-Earth, did the Fellowship of the Ring set forth from Rivendell on a quest to destroy the One Ring. Their burden is great, and their journey will be fraught with many dangers unforeseen, yet they carry within their hearts the hope of all who would see darkness forever banished from these lands. Let their names and their courage be remembered by all: The Ring-Bearer, Frodo Baggins, son of Drogo Mithrandir, the Grey Wanderer Aragorn, son of Arathorn Legolas Thranduilion Gimli, son of Glóin Boromir, son of Denethor II Peregrin Took, son of Paladin II Samwise Gamgee, son of Hamfast Meriadoc Brandybuck, son of Saradoc Thranduil Oropherion let the scroll, newly arrived by carrier bird, slip from his fingers, where it floated downward, settling amongst the clutter of his desk. He sank heavily into his chair, a wave of distress overwhelming him. "It begins..." His whisper, so remarkably loud in the stillness of his study, begged the question he was loath to voice: But how will it end? Ghastly memories resurfaced against Thranduil's will: an expansive swath of death and destruction on the plains of Dagorlad... his father, Oropher, lying in a pool of blood and filth, his fëa already departed to Mandos' Halls... all the grief and fear and hatred that followed, twisting together like a sharp, multi-pronged blade slicing through his own heart. And now... With a deep, deliberate breath, Thranduil clenched his jaw. He glared at the piece of vellum, gaze focused on his son's name, written in such careful, elegant script. It was nestled safely amongst those of the other brave souls willing to forfeit their lives if necessary, all in the name of peace. Legolas's journey would retrace Thranduil's own path straight to Mordor, straight to the same unrelenting evil he had faced more than an Age ago. And because of that, Thranduil understood better than most the full magnitude of the quest at hand. There was nothing safe about it. Nothing at all. A soft knock on the door pulled Thranduil from his thoughts. "Enter." Galion, his butler, poked his head inside the room. "Radagast has arrived, my lord." "Send word to the healers." "I have already done so." "Very good," Thranduil said as he got up. Since his advisors were more than capable of handling the necessary details, he didn't usually make a point of greeting the peculiar wizard during his stops. Doing so today, however, would be a most welcome distraction. Offering Galion a curt nod, Thranduil slipped past him and made his way into the dimly lit corridor. By the time he reached the antechamber just inside the main gates, it was already brimming with artisans of the Woodland Realm. They stood ready to trade their wares for rare herbs found only in the southern regions of Mirkwood and potent elixirs brewed by Radagast himself — all things desperately needed by their healers. Thranduil paused in the entryway, observing the proceedings curiously. The bartering was well underway, though it was nothing more than a loose formality. According to what he'd been told, the wizard's tastes never veered far from basic foodstuffs, baubles, and forged wares, and he never insisted upon exacting terms, accepting only what he really needed in return. His willingness to harvest and trade the healing herbs made Radagast the most valuable merchant east of the Misty Mountains, despite his rather bizarre disposition. Meandering his way through the throng, Thranduil passed the healers, who were hard at work sorting the newly acquired bundles and phials. Their smiles and animated chatter were a welcome sight... a blessing, really, amid the ominous and oppressive air that currently held Mirkwood — and, indeed, all of Middle-earth — hostage. It certainly appeared as though they would be well stocked with curative supplies for the winter without having to dispatch their own gathering parties. He was but a few steps from his goal when the wizard, still dripping from the early morning showers, turned in his direction. "Ahh, Thranduil! Most esteemed Lord of the Woodland Realm, I bid a very robust and good morrow to you!" Radagast called. The song birds nesting beneath his ridiculous hat all chirped and fluttered, struggling to right themselves when he removed it and offered the Elven-King a low, respectful bow. Thranduil's brows knitted together as a small puddle of rainwater and bird poo plopped to the floor at his feet. One deep breath and ten silently counted heartbeats later, he offered Radagast a weak smile that contained all the warmth he could possibly muster. "Welcome to my Halls." Next time, Thranduil, let your advisors handle the wizard... Radagast straightened, flashing him a toothy grin. "As always, I am most happy to be of service." "We've come to expect your visits a bit earlier in the season," Thranduil commented, eyeing the wooden sled parked nearby. Six brown rabbits were perched on its rickety frame, all carefully grooming themselves around the harnesses they wore. "Yes, well, Rhosgobel fell into disrepair thanks to those vile spiders. Such nasty, nasty creatures! I wanted to finish all the patch work before any more inclement weather set in." "And how long will we be... graced with your company?" Thranduil asked, forcing himself to remain polite even though the stench of dirty, wet clothing and animal droppings was beginning to churn the contents of his stomach. Radagast scratched his beard with a filthy finger. "Not long, unfortunately. I'm due to arrive in Dale by nightfall. I've a rather large order of Essence of Cabbage to deliver." "Essence of Cabbage?" What an odd notion. The wizard chuckled. "One of the Mead Hall tavern keeps is convinced a drop or two of this tonic, added to one's beverage of choice, prevents all the ensuing aftereffects of drunkenness." Curious, Thranduil asked, "And does it?" "Of course not. All it does is make them toot more, which I'm sure livens up the taproom by the end of the evening. A stronger variant of Essence of Mint is what the tavern keep is looking for, but since he's quite large and smelly and prone to much incivility, I simply keep making what he asks for. A nip of the Blackberry ale I receive in exchange is most welcome on a cold winter's day." A wayward thought struck Thranduil at that very moment, its implications making him slightly light-headed. "You concoct things other than healing draughts," he murmured. Why hadn't he thought of this earlier? Radagast's bushy brows rose. "Is there something specific that you seek, my lord?" Glancing around the room to be sure those gathered were otherwise occupied, Thranduil leaned closer to the wizard. "Have you anything that grants... protection?" he asked quietly. While he felt far more comfortable with the tangible, controllable aspects of the world around him, Thranduil was more than willing to entertain anything that would assure his son's safe return from the clutches of evil. "I've no potions to that effect, but there is a spell. From what or whom, exactly, are you trying to protect yourself?" "It is not for me." "Ah, well," Radagast replied, "I would need to be in the presence of the person to whom the spell will apply, and even then it's a rather minor incantation, very limited in power and scope." Thranduil's expression fell, helplessness gnawing at his heart. Was there nothing he could do beyond entreating Ilúvatar himself? His would be nothing more than one prayer lost amid countless others, mere background noise to the supreme deity. "I do, however," the wizard continued, his blue eyes sparkling, "have something that will grant a wish..." "A wish?" Thranduil whispered, a tiny flicker of hope beginning to warm his soul. Shuffling over to his sled, Radagast began digging through his various packs, muttering incoherently to himself. "Aha!" he finally exclaimed, pulling a carefully wrapped cloth bundle from one of them. Thranduil stepped closer, watching with bated breath as Radagast untied and pulled back the folds to reveal... "A mushroom?" he asked, somewhat disappointed. The delicate fungus had an unusual pinkish-white cap with light green gills beneath. It was a variety Thranduil had never seen before, but really... a mushroom? "Not just any mushroom," the wizard proclaimed, grinning from ear to ear. "This," he continued softly, "is the Mushroom of Fortune . It is imbued with the very blessings of the Belain." Thranduil's eyes widened. The Belain, should they be so moved, had the power to level mountains or change the course of history. They had the power to heal, to offer mercy... to protect ! Still, a tendril of disbelief wove its way into his resolve. He couldn't help but toss the wizard a suspicious glare. Radagast held up his hand. "I know what you're thinking, but I jest not." "What reassurances could you possibly offer with a claim as incredible as this?" "Well, you do know where I live," the wizard admitted sheepishly. At Thranduil's obvious confusion, he continued, "The pits of Sauron's spawn hath no fury like King Thranduil scorned — or so they say. I'm not very keen to test that theory, if you catch my gist." Thranduil wasn't entirely convinced. "From where did you procure this?" "I didn't procure it," Radagast replied. "I saved it, and trust me when I say you don't wish to know from whom. It's a rather grisly tale." Thranduil stared at the fungus, so seemingly innocent and benign. What did he have to lose? Speaking of which... "What would you ask for in return?" Another grin found its way to Radagast's face. "Given the powerful nature of its enchantment, I think it's worth... ohhh, perhaps a few barrels of your finest Dorwinion Red?" Jaw clenched, Thranduil glowered at the wizard. There were only two things in this world he considered precious beyond all measure: his son and his wine. He closed his eyes and rubbed them, knowing any argument clamoring in the back of his mind was worthless in the face of his son's potential safety. "As you wish," he finally conceded. "Delivered to Rhosgobel in three days' time?" Thranduil gaped, his expression darkening. An overland journey through the most dangerous part of Mirkwood, just to deliver wine? Such a task would require at least half a guard detail to ensure safe passage! "I haven't enough room on my sled, you see," Radagast continued, seemingly unconcerned with the rapidly cooling social temperature surrounding them, "and I have at least three more stops to make before my journey is complete." "That's a rather bold request." "Well," Radagast murmured, already starting to wrap the mushroom back up, "if you're not interested, I'm sure I can find—" "All right!" Thranduil hissed quietly. "Two barrels, delivered." Radagast the Fool, indeed; the wizard was far craftier than he could have ever imagined. "This had better work," he warned. "Oh, you have my word it will." Radagast