This story is my response to the following My Slashy Valentine prompt from lotrangel17 : Requested pairing = I have three pairings that I like to read; Legolas/Eomer, Glorfindel/Erestor and Legolas/Elrond - I'm open to any of those pairings. Story elements = the beginning of a relationship - either getting there or just there. a fight or battle scene but the partners must both be strong and capable of fighting/winning. Bonus if someone gets a minor injury and the other cares for them and kissing ensues. feel free to write something else if the prompt I gave doesn't speak to you. I'm really open to any story elements :) Do NOT include = I like to think I'm open to anything as long as it has a happy ending. Disclaimer : J.R.R. Tolkien et al own all things related to the wonderful characters and lands of Middle Earth; I'm just borrowing. No copyright infringement is intended. Author's Note : This is my first foray into the LOTR realm. I'm also a Tolkien-verse fledgling, so I plead creative liberty for any canon inconsistencies or botched Sindarin/Quenya. With any luck, the slashy goodness will override all glaring errors. Language translations can be found at the end of the story. Acknowledgements : Many thanks to my betae, Carol and Elensari, for their insightful comments and suggestions. All mistakes in the final draft are mine alone. (~ * ~ * ~) It was only a soft thwang , hardly louder than a whisper and so easily lost in Narbeleth's mournful winds, yet despite all his sharply honed senses, Glorfindel still registered its significance a half-second too late. His eyes widened in shock when Erestor crumpled on his steed, clutching at his left arm. Asfaloth reared, nostrils flaring, just as a small group of Melkor's ill-begotten children stormed the clearing, their weapons at the ready. "Yrch!" Glorfindel bellowed, dismounting and drawing his sword all at once. His body engaged without conscious thought, a graceful warrior's dance… slashing, parrying, dodging… Pools of black blood painted a macabre portrait around the soon lifeless bodies that fell, one by one. Asfaloth added powerful hooves and a relentless spirit to the defensive stance, and together they did their best to shelter their wounded companion. Glorfindel risked a quick glance behind him, pleased to see Dúroch's hindquarters retreating into a thicket. Good. This band of orcs, though skilled, seemed to lack strategic direction. So long as their attention remained focused on him and Asfaloth, Erestor should be safe. The skirmish continued for many long minutes, the clash of steel rising above all other noise. Glorfindel was relentless in his pursuit of victory, ages of experience offering him a distinct advantage. He whirled, overpowering the last of the melee fighters with a vicious uppercut that left the orc's face a bloody cleft. The creature sank to its knees with a horrid gurgle before collapsing in a wretched heap. Glorfindel paused a moment, inhaling deeply, his mind back-tracing the trajectory of the arrow that had felled his companion. If the archer hadn't already fled, his life would end very shortly. Asfaloth's panicked whinny assaulted his ears the very same instant he heard the muffled snap of a twig beneath heavy boots. By the time Glorfindel had spun around, the massive creature's sword was already in motion, a wide and vigorous arc meant to cleave him clean through. There was no time to react, no time to breathe or hope or implore Eru himself for mercy. Dampening the wellspring of regret that was threatening to burst in his heart, Glorfindel closed his eyes, resigned. A flutter of displaced air and the resounding clang of metal on metal startled him a fraction of a second later. When his eyes flew back open, he beheld the orc's weapon, miraculously stopped mid-swing by the appearance of another sword held by… Erestor? Glorfindel gaped at the counsellor, who unwaveringly kept the enemy's weapon at bay a mere finger's width from his neck with all the ease of a practiced warrior. The momentary diversion afforded him the chance to step back out of range, but before he could even ready his weapon, Erestor executed a deft bind and forced the startled orc's sword down with a burst of unexpected strength. Disengaging, he then twisted round, fast as a silverfish, his final upward swing lopping its head off. As soon as what was left of the orc collapsed, Erestor staggered, and Glorfindel rushed forward to steady him. "By the Valar… I owe you my life, Counsellor." Erestor shrugged out of his grasp. "Fancy that," he spat with his usual venom. "Me, saving the mighty Balrog Slayer." "I'm certain stranger things have happened. Somewhere…" Glorfindel jested, grinning. Tossing aside the weapon he'd obviously pilfered off a dead orc, Erestor ignored the quip and told him, "The one who clipped me has been dispatched. There were no others lying in wait that I could see. We should be on our way. We're but a half-day's journey from the Valley — and a hot meal." "That would be unwise." Erestor turned towards him, glaring. "So was assigning the two of us to the same mission, but that came to pass nonetheless." "An edict from Lord Elrond is hardly on par with a sensible decision made in the field," Glorfindel said, reaching up to tame the locks of his golden hair that had been captured by the chill breeze. He gestured towards the highest peaks of the Misty Mountains behind them. "'Tis an angry wind that blows, heavy with the scent of mizzle. An early twilight will shortly be upon us, and you, my friend, are injured. We need to find shelter." "I shall tend to myself along the way. Besides, it's just a graze," Erestor argued, though the manner in which he was holding his left arm easily belied his words. "And likely poisoned," Glorfindel countered. "There is a way station less than a league from here. We should make haste in that direction before the sky opens up." Erestor glanced at the darkness of the approaching clouds. "We tarried too long in Mirkwood." Whistling for the horses, Glorfindel said, "Nay. I would wager Rhîw is simply trying to extend his icy tendrils a bit early this year. Come, let us move. Are you able?" "Of course I am able!" Glorfindel watched the counsellor struggle proudly, until he'd finally pulled himself up onto his steed. "I shall tend that wound swiftly on arrival," he told Erestor, who glowered but chose to remain silent. They traveled as fast as possible under the circumstances, with Glorfindel diligently monitoring his companion while remaining alert for any further trouble. Erestor's face had taken on a feverish sheen, though it seemed to do little to dampen his unpleasant demeanor. Glorfindel took in stride any verbal barbs tossed his way, grateful that the counsellor was still conscious and coherent. By the time they'd reached the way station, the deluge had already begun. Glorfindel dismounted, keeping a wary eye on Erestor, who had begun to waver, pain clearly etched into his features. He whispered instructions to Asfaloth, and then moved to help his companion down. Erestor made no protest at all — a worrisome development. He left the counsellor leaning against his steed while he hurried to untangle the foliage that covered the hidden entrance to a particularly large prominence. They were still in the foothills of the mountains, the terrain a mixture of rocky outcroppings and greenery. Centuries of careful tending had created a natural barrier of vines and brambles that protected the retreat, used by Elven travelers and Imladris sentinels alike. Glorfindel swore under his breath. The rain had made the plants slippery. He wound up tearing several of the vines loose, something he was loath to do, but it was imperative that they get inside as soon as possible. Pulling back the intricate living curtain, he immediately felt around the base of the large boulder behind it for the release mechanism. On hearing the telltale click, Glorfindel used all his strength to shove the rock sideways on hidden rails, pushing until there was enough space for entry. Asfaloth stepped forward and disappeared into the darkness. A few moments later, the horse nickered, letting him know the station hadn't been compromised in any way. Glorfindel returned to Erestor then, draping one of the counsellor's arms around his shoulder as a brace. He then slapped Dúroch's flank gently, waiting until the dark steed had followed Asfaloth's trail before maneuvering the two of them just inside the entrance. "Can you stand?" he asked Erestor. The counsellor nodded, leaning back against the roughly hewn wall. Glorfindel wasted no time; it was growing darker outside by the minute. He found a tinderbox and candle in a small nearby recess, and set about adding some light to their surroundings. Once he'd lit the candle — as well as a nearby hanging lantern — he pulled the vines back into place and used several chiseled handholds on the backside of the boulder to shift it into place, thereby sealing the shelter. They were perfectly safe here. Even if an enemy was able to find and open the entrance to this place, the noise would alert them well before anyone could set foot inside. Taking care to place the extinguished candle back into the recess, Glorfindel took the lantern in hand and helped Erestor down the wide stone stairs behind them. The gentle sound of trickling water surrounded them as they went, and when they reached the bottom, Glorfindel lit a second lantern, securing both on the wall. The added light source illuminated the cavern nicely. There were no amenities here, but it was dry and warm… surprisingly so. Erestor stared dubiously at the pool of dark water that lay just to their left. It was a good-sized spring whose surface swirled with lazy bubbles. "I've never been here before." "This is one of the older way stations, established shortly after Imladris's gates were first raised. According to Elrond, the water has healing properties, though that," Glorfindel nodded towards the counsellor's injured arm, "will certainly require a bit more help." He realized quite suddenly that Erestor was shivering. "Here," he offered, starting to remove the counsellor's thick traveling cloak. "We need to get you out of these wet clothes and into the water." "I am perfectly capable of undressing myself," Erestor hissed, stepping back out of his reach. Glorfindel arched a brow. "You can barely stand, mellon nín." "I am fine. And I am not," Erestor insisted wearily, "your friend." Biting back a smile, Glorfindel let him be, though he remained close by just in case. Erestor slowly peeled the layers off, tossing them onto a pile of rocks. He hesitated slightly before unlacing his hosen, eventually resigned to the fact that they too would need to come off. His attempt to remove them, however, proved too difficult a task for one whose equilibrium was compromised by weakness and fever. Glorfindel stepped in, kneeling, hands deftly pulling the sodden garment down and off while counsellor's fingers dug into his shoulder for support. "I can hear the whisperings now," Erestor mused, his tone laced with sarcasm, "all the tittering and misconstrued context and fingers pointed in my direction. ' You'll never guess who disrobed our Chief Counsellor …'" Glorfindel tossed the counsellor a playful grin, if only to distract himself from the exquisite beauty that was a thoroughly naked Erestor standing so very, very close. "All of Imladris would surely host a grand feast in honor of such an unprecedented event." "Your vile mockery is most unbecoming, Lord Glorfindel." Chuckling, Glorfindel stood. "You know I am jesting, Counsellor. Your virtue is perfectly safe with me. Now let's get you settled so I can tend to your wound." It was just a momentary glimmer, a subtle and unrecognizable emotion caught in the depths of Erestor's dark eyes, but Glorfindel noticed it before the counsellor's usual hard