[***] TRIGGER WARNING FOR PEOPLE WHO LIKE TRIGGER WARNINGS! THERE WILL BE NO MORE TRIGGER WARNINGS IN THIS FIC AFTER THIS! [***] For as long as Cygnus could remember he had wondered what it was like to be wanted. He stared at the letter his now ex-girlfriend had sent him. "I told you so—" his grandfather laughed for a moment, "—those Parkinson women are good at breaking hearts." He had been sure that she'd be the one for him. He sucked in a breath. "She was just a quick lay." Pansy Parkinson was not his first. He was often told that he was the pretty boy of Slytherin, although he'd never tell a soul that his first had been a troll of a girl by the name of Millicent Bulstrode a few days before he'd heard that. She'd had more facial hair then he could grow at the time. "Stop crying and go help train our new ranch hands then." He wiped his face furiously, trying out the occlumency exercises that his grandfather had taught him. Cygnus went to their kitchen sink and washed his face in the hopes of hiding his shame. [***] They had the traditional two interns, though Cygnus thought his grandfather had chosen poorly this year. "Why are you two here?" They lacked the callouses that helped in protecting their hands from the feathers of the last of their hippogriff herd, for one thing. The first girl started in French, but Cygnus cut her off. "We are in England, so you will speak English while you work here." They shared a look. "Go on." He understood her through her accent, "I am Anais Bisset," Cygnus knew the surname as some sort of company that was very successful, "My great-grandfather, Deo Bisset, sent me here to see if some trades could be made at a later date." Cygnus nodded, grateful for her honesty. He turned to the other girl, "And you?" "I am Anfisa Ivanov," She said slowly, struggling with the language. He wouldn't take pity on her, "I come to England to learn more of… of winged horses." "My name is Cygnus, your new overseer. Today we're doing a tour and introductions with the other staff; after I figure out the schedules, I'll put you to work." So Cygnus began the first chore of Christmas break, going through the stables and their caregivers at record speed. He was proud that he didn't show his disdain for their newest hippogriff, who had been called Buckbeak by his old owner, as he was bullied away from the feed. Cygnus had been forced to intervene on behalf of the little guy. "That's not nice," Cygnus called from outside their pen, "Duchess, share some with him or you'll get fat and ugly!" The hippogriff filly in question squawked in horror and practically threw her biggest slice of meat from her beak and into Buckbeak's waiting maw. He continued the tour, to where the Abraxans were housed. He helped the stable hand that had been bucked up and sighed, "Be more careful next time." He got a grunt in answer as the healer that was stationed nearby finally made it to their location and began diagnosing him. Cygnus continued the tour. [***] He completed the schedules and rotations around midnight. The schedules were as always the normal everyday duties, from the least popular task (mucking) to the days they had off. He was currently sat at their table where their Ministry provided healer was checking over his grandfather's vitals he was doing his winter coursework amidst the murmured spells. "Very good, Mister Lestrange," the healer said in poor mockery of his grandfather's tongue, making Cygnus look up. His grandfather had taken the last of his potions so now it was up to him to make sure he made it back safely to his room where another healer would make sure he made it to the loo and such. Cygnus stood up and gave a small bow to the tired man as he grabbed his grandfather by the shoulder. Lowell Lestrange had been formidable back in his day, according to the portraits of their ancestors, and he wondered now how a simple blow to the head had altered his abilities to take care of himself. "Grandfather," Cygnus said in his best French, "I have work today," His grandfather wouldn't let him go, a gleeful look on his face. "Where's the fun in that?" His grandfather had lost his ability to speak (and possibly) understand English thanks to the blow he had taken; Cygnus did his best to keep up, coming from a family that had French roots he'd learned the language from a young age, although he'd neglected it up until recently. "Work is work," he explained patiently, hoping against hope he wouldn't have to wait with him until the healer came. His grandfather's face looked stricken and he bit back the sigh with a forced smile, "What story would you like today, Grandfather Lowell?" [***] The break passed pretty much the same way after that, he had set up the things so his grandfather wouldn't be left alone for too long upon the end of the break as he'd made sure to do since he was twelve. "What'd I miss?" Cygnus asked as Blaise Zabini, his best mate, looked over one of the nudies he was so fond of. He closed the curtains of his bed. "Your girlfriend moved up on the ladder," Blaise said with nothing short of annoyance, "she won't stop snogging Malfoy now." "How much you want to bet I can fix that?" "No bet, I'll pay you," Blaise snapped, "Its so annoying ! Fer fecks sake when he brings her up here—I think he's in love." Cygnus rolled onto his back, stretching his arms above his head with a yawn. "What do you mean?" He asked, wonder filled him for a moment. There was no way… "Sometimes he just sits there, listening ," Cygnus waited for the punchline amidst the sound of his friend's increasingly loud pants. "What else?" He asked after Blaise gasped and stopped five minutes later. By then he had begun looking for the herbs that they smoked after Blaise washed his hands. "Nothing else," Blaise grunted when he opened his curtains, pouring with sweat, "I swear even Nott is tired of it—and you know him…" Cygnus laughed quietly at the mention of Malfoy's fourth wheel, expertly loading their pipe. Cygnus gulped when he spotted Pansy, who turned her nose up at him and went to Malfoy's bed. He gave her a shy smile, plotting on the best way to ruin her relationship. Her sneer sent him to the point of no return, a plan formed within his mind in that instant. Blaise returned and helped Cygnus cast the charms they had learned for this very occasions. "How's your mum?" Cygnus asked as they sat on his bed, Blaise shut the curtains and Cygnus lit the pipe, taking the first puff. Blaise snatched the pipe from him, inhaling a good portion of the spliff. They released their smoke at the same time, each releasing a different animal. Where Blaise chose something flashy, in this case a griffin, Cygnus sometimes went for his worst fear—" Why ?!" Blaise cried as the small troll glided towards him. Cygnus didn't know why he always just sat there, even as he laughed. He also didn't bother asking why he was afraid of such a creature, since his reaction was too funny. Cygnus inhaled the last of it, releasing troll after troll. Blaise ran out in the middle of it and Cygnus was grateful that he shut the curtain after himself. With a great release of smoke rings, Cygnus opened his curtains after spelling away the smoke—"You didn't answer my question," he said with his sweetest smile. For a long moment they stared at one another, one set of bloodshot eyes to the other before Blaise caved, "She's still not interested in your grandfather," Cygnus sighed in relief and began laughing for a moment. Blaise grimaced, "She's retired." "You're joking," Cygnus said as Blaise resumed sitting on his bed, again the curtains were shut. Blaise sighed, his bitter face in place, "What's the big deal?" "Mummy dearest changed her mind about making me the immediate heir to her fortune," Cygnus winced, recalling Blaise's plans, "I have to do stuff to earn it: dirty things …" "I… I think you need to come out to her, if she loves you she'll understand," Blaise glared at him, but it was probably the hateful thoughts he had directed at him from within, "Blaise… don't listen to her!" He shouted, despite himself. "Where would I go?" He demanded, "I haven't even touched a boob! Girls have two of them right? Yes, that's right… mummy dearest doesn't understand why I don't want kids, she wants the sheets delivered to Gringotts you know, they'll make sure that I had sex with—with a… woman !" Cygnus sighed when he began crying, "How do I tell my mum I'm gay?" "How did I tell my grandfather that Lucius Malfoy got money for Narcissa Black, while we got land that we had to prepare for ranching on our own, out of our pockets?" Cygnus shrugged looked up at the ceiling, his buzz dying out a moment later thanks to his friend's plight, "I thought of the best way to do it." "But how ?" "Find yourself a sexy French boyfriend and—" He switched to a French accent, "—show 'er ze power of Lurve!" "Your accent sucks—besides, most of the delegation is filled with women, and the guy is fucking the only girl from Durmstrang." Cygnus quirked a brow at his ability to pick up on such juicy gossip, "It's a talent," Blaise said after a moment. "Well, any openly gay Hogwarts students you can convince to pretend to be your boyfriend?" "No!" he snapped in a harsh tone. He sniffled and Cygnus looked away to roll his eyes, "I just want to be happy after Hogwarts, but I don't even want to look at a vagina, much less push my cock into one! You made it sound gross…" He trailed off and Cygnus stared at him genuinely thinking. "The Nott family has fallen on hard times, I heard." he said, dropping the hint his friend picked up. "Hmm," His brow furrowed in concentration, "Okay, I've got a plan, but you have to stop— that ." "What?" Blaise opened the curtains to the openly shagging couple, "You see what we're going through here?" Cygnus sighed and began his first faze of his plan. He shot Blaise a smile as they both got out of the bed and strode up to the couple. "Malfoy," he said with a blank face, "You're not going to make her cum like that ." He went back to his bed, the awkwardness of the encounter would leave them unable to do that crud that they were passing as sex. "Good night, everyone!" He called out. He got undressed for Pansy's eyes to see, reminding her what she'd left behind and he looked back at her as Malfoy held her to his chest in a possessive manner, mumbling things in her ears. He didn't break eye contact with her until he had shut the curtain. Her dark eyes hadn't been drawn in by his. He had seen where they'd been: his bum, his arms, and his decently formed sixpack. Cygnus felt his stomach and slid his hand lower, loathing himself for what he was about to do. Pansy Parkinson had been his first love and he still had feelings for her, her nakedness had done things to him that couldn't wait much longer. His hands moved to the rhythm of old memories. [***] His grandfather had sent him a letter the next morning in—surprise, surprise—French, praising his ingenious schedule and demanding to know why he hadn't written first. "Well, we might get a safe Care