Disclaimer: I don't own PJO nor HoO , they are the beautiful children of Rick Riordan. Suggested listening: Bruno Mars - Runaway Baby (the official anthem of this fic :')) Runaway Baby CHAPTER 1 The sun was shining brightly, which was both pleasant and unbearably annoying to her. Yes, it was nice to be able to go out in summer clothes and stick her face to be caressed by warm rays. Unfortunately for Reyna, wearing an armor of imperial gold and having half the legion of people in similar clothing stick around their praetor for almost an hour wasn't going to be a rapture to be remembered by neither of them. To put it simply, it was a torture . "They are late" she heard Octavian hiss on her right and had to fight the urge to shove her spear at the augur's crafty face. Him not plotting anything against their allies since the war with Gaea didn't mean he completely let go of his mistrust and showing it on every possible occasion. He was still the same annoying pain in the ass. She tried not to make herself bothered by the Apollo's legacy and his teddy bears, so she focused on looking for any signs of the Argo II 's arrival in the clear blue sky. How much time had it passed since she had last seen Jason, Piper and Leo? Certainly a lot more than it had between the previous visits. She hadn't greeted them in New Rome for over a year by then and hadn't gone to Camp Half-Blood for almost two. " What's changed during that time? " she wondered. One of the freshmen gasped loudly and that snapped her out of her thoughts. They always reacted like that when they first saw Leo's magnificent hybrid of a ship and hundreds of automatons, be it Buford The Table or anything as small as a door lock. And there it was, sailing through the dry Californian air of an exceptionally hot summer. She hoped the legion had as much endurance left as to last during the official greeting part, at least. The ship made its way towards the waiting in no time and soon they were observing as the Greek trireme landed gracefully on parched, Roman soil. It looked as grandly as ever, Celestial Bronze masts glistening in the bright light and its tremendous hull casting a shadow over the inheritors of Romulus and Remus. The only thing missing - the fearsome head of the dragon guard - was probably taking its sweet time to relax in Bunker 9, now reborn in its full form, thanks to its owner (although he didn't really like that term and insisted that they called Festus his comrade). Speaking of whom, Leo Valdez had just pulled out a rope ladder and motioned for his friends to go first. Of course, he wouldn't have been himself if he hadn't grinned like a madman, waved to the Romans, no matter their age or ranking, and sent a few meaningful glances to half of the female soldiers, which was quickly proven effective with a few muffled giggles. Well, at least he was doing fine and hadn't fired at the city that time. During the few moments she was taking Leo's usual ridiculousness in consideration, Jason and Piper made it to the ground and started walking in her direction, smiling widely and holding each other's hand. She gulped and tried to ignore the feeble dull pain of rejection that was still there, no matter how hard she'd been trying to wave it off for the past six years since he'd returned to Camp Jupiter with his new girlfriend. "Legion!" she shouted in a commanding voice and every soldier that still hadn't been doing that moved to stand on attention. She took a few steps forward to meet the guests, crimson red cloak flapping behind her back and her beloved greyhound automatons trotting watchfully by her tights. "Welcome to New Rome" she smiled and shook her former colleague and his girlfriend's hands. "Long time no see, Reyna" Jason grinned, looking around. "Am I wrong or do I see quite a lot of new faces?" he asked, his palm going back to squeeze Piper's. The daughter of Aphrodite looked at what Jason was staring at, her smile a tiny little bit less confident than his. Reyna knew what that was about. No matter how many times she'd been to Long Island, she'd never felt as if she'd belonged there as much as in Camp Jupiter. The girl must have felt the same about her home. "Yes, our arrays have indeed increased in numbers" Reyna answered, taking the couples' figures in her sharp sight. Jason was then no longer a cute yet strong, reliable and undeniably attractive teen. He still had all those traits but his 22-year-old man experience was visible in a way his eyes looked with fondness at his old home and how his tense jaw line reflected the seriousness that the hero gained during all the hard times he'd been through. The things he'd seen, fears he'd faced and battles he'd fought - all had left their trace in his face and posture. His hair was still a blond mess and the scar on his upper lip hadn't changed, but Jason would never be the same person she'd known before Hera had taken him away. To be frank, hadn't they all changed as those years had gone by? "Reyna..." Piper's cautious voice made the praetor look away from the boy (the man ) she once thought would have stayed beside her, like he was then staying by the Cherokee girl's side. "Thank you for letting us come" the daughter of Aphrodite said, forcing a smile (and somehow, her mother's powers didn't seem to be helping her look believable). Their contacts had always stayed a professional distance, all because of Reyna's envy and Piper's anxiety of her boyfriend leaving her for his old friend. It had never been that Reyna had had any hopes of getting Jason for herself, it had just been kind of awkward to interact with each other, knowing how complex their emotions and how complicated their relationships had been. Truth be told, since the first time she'd seen them together, Reyna had known that Jason and Piper were that one and only special someone for one another. It hurt, somewhere deep inside, but she just had to accept it. It hadn't been Piper's fault, she had nothing to hold a grudge against the Greek for. "It's a pleasure" Reyna answered, trying for her smile to encourage Piper to let go of her nervousness. That was the time to ascertain Piper for good. He's all yours , the silent message read. The Greek's eyebrows furrowed slightly but as she held Reyna's stare, she seemed to had understood. Her smile widened and her eyes softened. Thank you , she seemed to be saying. Piper was then taller than she'd been all that time earlier, but she still wasn't as tall as Jason, she was even shorter than Reyna. She kept her hair restrained with the familiar mass of braids, but, as in her boyfriend's case, that were the only things that hadn't changed. She looked more composed and confident, aware of what she was capable of doing and like she wouldn't hesitate to use her powers to protect her loved ones. Reyna could use a few soldiers like her... "Heyy, Miss Praetor!" Leo exclaimed, finally finishing the check-up of his beloved ship and joining the small group. He'd also changed, both physically and mentally, but his carnal metamorphosis was far more spectacular than those of his friends. He wasn't the shortest kid anymore, he'd grown to be Reyna's height. The tank top he was wearing revealed that all the time spent in the workshop had finally likened his arms to the strong, weary ones of his godly siblings. The disarray of his black curls and the nonchalant way he was wearing his tool belt were no different than earlier, but his more manly features and an even more mischievous glint in his eyes told her that he was no longer the same innoxious mechanics geek. And as to his psyche... It had been as far back as the war that he'd proven he'd stopped being a frightened child a long while earlier. He'd grown up to be a man responsible for his actions and one you could count on. The only things that hadn't matured were his love for corny jokes and his sharp tongue but those, Reyna thought, were the traits Valdez just couldn't exist without. "Leo" she acknowledged, sticking out a hand for him to shake, which he did with a grin she was afraid would crack his face in two. "The Argo 's looking as good as ever" she praised. Leo chuckled and fastened his penetrating dark brown orbs on her own in a way that would have made her uncomfortable if she hadn't been a tough daughter of Bellona she was. "Well thank you, I'm trying" his smile decreased to a mysterious smirk as he held her gaze. Just what was on his mind, she wondered? A cough drier than the atmosphere of a desert interrupted their odd staring session and the four turned to the source of the sound. "Praetor, don't you think you're going to have more time for... Bonding later?" Octavian asked in a way that made him seem as if he were nauseous. "We've waited long enough, I think the legion has the right to be called off for now" he added in a slippery tone of a snake. Leo snorted. "Yeah, good to see you too, Octavian" he said loud enough for the soldiers to hear. A few girls giggled, whispering excitedly between themselves. The tittering grew even louder when Leo winked at the girls, pouting his lips a bit and pushing his (not so scrawny, anymore) chest out. Reyna fought off the urge to roll her eyes and turned to Jason and Piper. "Shall we go then?" she asked, ignoring Octavian's quiet huffs of annoyance and Leo's flirting at a distance. She was surrounded by weirdoes everyday, the situation wasn't anything new to her. "Yeah..." Jason mumbled in a way that made her wonder if he'd heard her question at all. He exchanged a worried look with Piper, neither of them taking their eyes off their best friend. What was wrong? Reyna looked at Leo again. He didn't seem as if anything bad had happened to him. He was even more open with the others (mostly girls) than she remembered him be, but could that be anyhow a bad thing? As annoying as it could get, a boost of self-confidence was generally a good occurrence, right? She shoved the thoughts away for the time being and started guiding her guests to the villa the Romans had prepared for them. When they reached the legion, she shouted a few orders to the centurions who were responsible for taking care of their cohorts' dissolution and sent condemnatory glances to the girls who were enhanced with Leo earlier and, as their new idol had come closer, were on the verge of giggling themselves to death or passing out before that could happen. Gods, they should have had a little of dignity, they were supposed to be daughters of Rome! " This way" she growled, having to personally pull Leo away from his newly found group of fangirls. She would have to make sure somebody taught those girls how to defend their Roman pride later. "So..." Piper started with a weak smile when the four was making its way through the sunlit town and Leo finally stopped rubbing the pain of his forearm formerly caught in Reyna's steely grip "How are Annabeth, Percy, Hazel and Frank doing?" she asked, trying to conceal the worry in her voice. Reyna took a quick glance at Jason. She was 100% sure