PANEM, A FUTURE HISTORY Chapter 1: How It All Began November 8, 2016 – Donald Trump wins the United States Presidency in the closest election in American history, defeating Bernie Sanders 270-268 in the Electoral College, despite Sanders having won the popular vote. The win is the result of a stunning upset in Florida, with the traditionally democratic stronghold of Miami-Dade county going Republican for the first time in almost 30 years (the last time was 1988 for George H.W. Bush), albeit by a very slim margin, but enough to award Florida's 29 electoral votes to Trump, who had been trailing 268 to 241. However, Sanders does not concede, citing irregularities being reported in Miami-Dade along with several other voting districts. November 10, 2016 – The Sanders campaign officially petitions Congress and outgoing President Barack Obama for a formal inquiry and investigation into the election results, citing allegations that potential voters were turned away from polling stations due to "lack of acceptable identification." The petition is signed by over 1 million citizens along with 47 members of the House of Representatives and 4 United States Senators. November 11, 2016 – Approximately 50,000 protesters gather in Lafayette Square outside the White House in support of the investigation, claiming that Bernie Sanders is the true President-Elect of the United States. They are met by nearly 30,000 counter-demonstrators in support of Trump. The protests inevitably turn violent after only a few minutes of intense back and forth verbal taunting, with fighting between the Sanders and Trump factions as well as between both factions and the police. After approximately 10 hours, the violent demonstration ends with 116 dead, nearly 1,500 injured, and over 5,000 arrested. November 30, 2016 – In addition to the Miami-Dade area, reports of irregularities, intimidation, and disenfranchisement at polling stations pour in from all over the country through television, radio, internet, and social media outlets over the next few weeks. These largely match the findings of Congress at the conclusion of their investigation. This ignites a new round of mass protest around the country, with the most activity occurring in the Midwest and coastal areas. Conversely, the vast majority of counter-protest activity takes place in the deep-south and southwestern United States as well as Alaska. December 1, 2016 – Bernie Sanders officially contests the election results and files suit with the United States Supreme Court. The entire nation is on edge as preliminary hearings for Trump v. Sanders are scheduled to begin the following week. Bernie Sanders hires prominent New York attorney Michael Heavensbee as lead counsel, while Trump selects the high powered Jonathan Abernathy from Chicago to represent him. December 8, 2016 – Trump v. Sanders begins with opening statements from both camps. Heavensbee's position contends that while several voting irregularities have been noted across the country, including intimidation and disenfranchisement against potential democratic voters, the particular focus will center on the Miami-Dade area of Florida, which has a strong democratic presence and is one of the most influential voting districts in the state, and has seen the highest number of irregularity reports. Heavensbee intends to prove that disenfranchisement took place, noting the reports of voters being turned away for no valid reason other than vague statements of "lack of acceptable identification" as well as improper poll closings which prevented voters from casting a ballot due to employment time constraints. He also intends to show that voters were sent home when polling station closing times had been announced, even though they had arrived prior to closing. Should it be proven, a motion would then be filed to petition the Supreme Court to nullify Trump's election and award the Presidency to Mr. Sanders. On the other side, Jonathan Abernathy intends to prove that no improprieties took place, arguing that interviews with voters and polling station staff in the Miami-Dade area revealed no discrepancies, and that a recount still showed Trump as the victor. He also notes in his opening statement that voter demographics are constantly evolving and changing, and an electoral victory can happen anywhere at any time for any candidate. His ultimate goal is to have the election results upheld in favor of Mr. Trump. December 22, 2016 – After two weeks of intense arguments from both sides and deliberation from the Justices, the United States Supreme Court votes to uphold the election results in a 5-4 vote. Chief Justice John Roberts provides the prevailing opinion, citing the lack of impropriety evidence other than circumstantial presented by Mr. Heavensbee. All forms of media explode with furious reaction from Sanders supporters, and protests ignite nationwide to the point of civil unrest, as new evidence comes to light of more disenfranchisement around the country. However, Mr. Sanders pleads for calm, stating that "the democratic process has prevailed, and this is another example of the ideals of our forefathers. Let us reconcile and make our future a brighter one." He then calls Mr. Trump to officially concede and congratulate him on his victory. December 23, 2016 – Mr. Trump gives an official victory speech in his home state of New York to tens of thousands of his supporters. However, he is continually interrupted by protesters who have gathered within the venue. After only a few minutes, Trump becomes visibly enraged and deviates from his speech to address the protesters directly: "Listen here, you bunch of bleeding heart freeloaders, I won the election! The Supreme Court upheld the results! I am your next President, whether you like it or not! Get used to it!" His fiery statement is met with thunderous applause and celebration by supporters, but is lambasted in the media as unprofessional and potentially alienating, which does little to calm the growing unrest in the nation. January 20, 2017 – Donald Trump is inaugurated as the 45th President of the United States. January 30, 2017 – President Trump immediately acts on one of his early campaign promises by asking Congress to approve the enforcement of a particular clause in the Immigration Act which allows the United States to bar entry to anyone deemed a threat. Mr. Trump argues that Islam has become too radicalized and that the country cannot afford to risk the safety of its citizens anymore. Because Islam is a religion and not a race, President Trump argues for a total ban on immigration against ethnicities most likely to practice Islam. He proposes a total immigration ban against all foreigners of Arabic, Persian, South Asian, Mediterranean, and Bosniak origin. February 6, 2017 – After days of fierce nonstop debate, Congress narrowly grants authority to President Trump to enforce the ban, which takes place immediately. All immigration is stopped, all hearings cancelled, and all visas are revoked for those affected. The ban is met with massive disapproval among the American public as well as from several international organizations, primarily the United Nations and Amnesty International. February 10, 2017 – News outlets across the country are abuzz with stories of massive protests that have again erupted nationwide in opposition to President Trump's ban, with a spike in recruiting from ISIS also being reported. This prompts large scale petitions to President Trump and to Congress to reverse the ban. President Trump stands firm, even openly defiant, claiming that the ban "removes a major cancer from American society." This ignites a complete firestorm of criticism of the President, with even some of his closest allies in Congress becoming nervous and privately urging President Trump to take a more cautioned approach to his rhetoric. May 7-10, 2017 – The most devastating terrorist attack in history occurs on American soil. In a coordinated effort among over 500 ISIS operatives, mass bombings and shootings occur in 10 major cities – New York City, Chicago, Miami, Detroit, Boston, Houston, Seattle, Los Angeles, San Diego, and San Francisco. The attackers use high powered fully automatic assault rifles, sniper rifles, Molotov cocktails, RPG launchers, hand grenades, and dirty bombs. The assault lasts nearly 4 straight days and results in 40,000 deaths, over 200,000 injured, and over $180 billion in damage, including the complete destruction of the Willis Tower in Chicago and the Needle in Seattle, with parts of Detroit and Boston rendered uninhabitable from the terrorists' dirty bomb detonations. Of the 500 ISIS operatives, 382 are killed, 110 are captured, and the remaining 18 are thought to have fled the country into Mexico from San Diego. May 11, 2017 – President Trump meets privately with his cabinet in an emergency meeting and declares "Enough is enough. It is time to get rid of this scourge once and for all." He then gives a televised address to a shell shocked and massively outraged nation to discuss the events of the attack and his plan of action. It is at this point when Mr. Trump announces that he is working with Congress on what is to become known as the Security Act. The proposed law completely terminates all immigration to the United States from all foreign nationals, regardless of their country of origin. In addition, it moves to reclassify Islam as a cult, making it exempt from first amendment protection. The most controversial, if not outright unconstitutional provision, calls for the rounding up and subsequent forced relocation of any citizen who is a member of the Muslim faith. The "evacuees" would be sent to federal housing complexes where they would be kept under constant surveillance. May 13, 2017 – The Security Act stalls in Congress, as even the staunchest allies of Trump find it a bit too extreme. However, this quickly changes when another ISIS cell activates in Phoenix, Arizona and detonates 10 dirty bombs at different points in the city, causing another 8,000 deaths instantaneously along with 11,000 more injuries. The 10 member cell then spreads out in downtown Phoenix and each member sets off a suicide bomb that claims another 900 lives and injures another 1,000. May 14, 2017 – The Security Act swiftly passes through Congress, and President Trump wins a key provision which allows him to effectively declare a "special state of emergency" which not only federalizes all police, fire, and national guard forces, but allows the President to declare martial law as well as bypass the legislative and judicial branches, essentially allowing Trump to run the country as a dictator. May 15, 2017 – President Trump immediately utilizes the Security Act and declares martial law across the United States in another address to the nation. He also uses this opportunity to announce an initiative in which "all persons of Middle Eastern, Mediterranean, South Asian, Bosniak, and Balkan origin will be relocated to undisclosed federal housing districts and placed under immediate surveillance." The law is challenged in the courts but immediately upheld due to the "extenuating circumstances which have befallen the United States and now subsequently threaten its sovereignty." Now completely free of legal challenge, Trump carries out his plan of relocation. May 17, 2017 - Citizens who meet the description set forth in the law are forcibly removed from their homes in the middle of the night and taken to local detention centers where they are held indefinitely without due process. Those who resist are immediately arrested, with some even being summarily executed on sight, right in front of their families. The Security Act also contains a small and obscure provision which allows those deemed a "threat" to the United States to be considered enemy combatants and therefore subjected to the Uniform Code of Military Justice, meaning that a person could be subjected to a court martial rather than a civilian trial by a jury of their peers. This provision will be heavily used and strictly enforced. This provision also allows the President to extend its definition to protesters, who under the law are considered "insurrectionist agitators," and can also be treated as enemy combatants. As a result, demonstrations are quickly and harshly suppressed by military and police forces. June 27, 2017 – President Trump issues an executive decree which enacts tight controls over the media,