Disclaimer: I don't own anything...just some things. A.N.: I got positive reviews for this so I will continue, yay! :3 This is just the revised chapter 1. Hopefully chapter 2 by this weekend! Episode 1 – Home & Away District 8 Katniss Everdeen wipes the invisible stains on the knife with a wet cloth as she sits on the desk chair. Her partner, and best friend, Gale Hawthorne, headed over to the convenience store and she needs a distraction. She fixed her dark brown hair into its usual braid, cleaned up the room and even tried surfing the net. She had been so sure that the demon they were after knew about Peeta Mellark's whereabouts. "Damn," she mutters when she sees her reflection on the knife. The door opens and in comes Gale carrying two paper bags filled with food and drinks and salt. "Catnip?" "Here," she answers. "Where are we heading tomorrow?" "Home, to District 12," he replies. He places the bags on the table and waits for the reaction of his friend. "You'll get to see Prim." Katniss's face brightens. Primrose Everdeen is the only person in her life that matters. The two grew up together quite close and the older sister used to disregard everyone when it came to the blonde haired girl. "Great, we could use the break, too! We can also visit Madge and see how she's doing." Gale groans but nods. "Yeah, we can do that, too." He was never really fond of Madge Undersee, but she is Katniss's other best friend. "I talked to Dad a couple of minutes ago, he said if we want to be back by lunch we should set off at around six." She places the knife back in its sheath and inside the bag. "What did you get me? My favorite bacon, I hope?" "First thing I saw," Gale replies. He fishes through the bag before holding up a square case. "I couldn't find any of the sodas you liked so I got you some Fanta." Katniss sits down on the chair and opens her bottle, slurping almost half. She shrugs at Gale's raised eyebrow. "Sit, eat," she says. "We can get some sleep and then be on the move. I want to see Prim as soon as I can." Gale does as told and opens a can of Dr. Pepper and unwraps a ham and cheese sandwich. "I know you don't want to talk about it, but—" "I was so sure, Gale," she interrupts. "I felt like this one knew where he is. It's so frustrating! We've been to three of this damn country and he's still nowhere in sight! No damn lead either." Her partner sighs. Gale has always loved Katniss but has never once gotten the courage to show or tell her. For one, they're supposed to act like cousins on a road trip. They looked alike enough. Both had grey, stormy eyes, olive skin, dark hair and a tall built. "Panem has twelve districts, Katniss." He takes a deep breath, "It's been half a year…" "Don't even go there," she snaps. "I'm not giving up on him." Gale nods. "Right, sorry." He turns away and begins chewing on his sandwich. "Maybe we should get some souvenirs for Rory, Vick and Posy. Prim, too." "And Madge, I'm sure she'll appreciate it," Katniss adds. "I was thinking of getting her some more knick knacks, like a pin. You know how she always gives me her mockingjay pin when we leave. I feel bad that she's always parting with it, it is from her Aunt." Gale merely shrugs in response. "We'll pass by some stores on the exit." District 12 Gale's car stops in front of a two storey house that had vines all over it. No gate or garage in the front, just a worn out fence by the side of the house. A man in his forties with chestnut hair stood by the walkway, waiting for them. When the brunette girl gets out, she jogs over to him and gives him a tight squeeze. "There's my hunting girl," Gray Everdeen says with a huge smile. "How was District Eight?" Katniss smiles and lets go, shrugging. "Peeta isn't with me, neither was Prim, how do you think it went, Dad?" "As long as you're here, safe and sound, in one piece and it isn't a demon inside you, then I'm sure it went well." Gray chuckles. The brunette rolls her eyes and takes out her bags from the trunk of the old convertible. "See you later, Gale." Tell Prim I'll see her later. Bye, Mr. Everdeen." Gale nods, waves goodbye and leaves for his home just a block away. Katniss and her father come in and the brunette isn't surprised when footsteps run down the stairs and petite, blonde girl yells her name and wraps herself around her waist. She immediately hugs her back and sneaks a glance at the back of her shirt. "Hey, little duck." Prim hugs her sister tighter before letting go. "I missed you," she says, smiling up at her older sister. "Playing with the Hawthornes and Madge, when she gets lonely, isn't complete without you and Gale, you know." "I told you, Prim, it could get too dangerous, even if it is just pretend," Katniss says, shaking her head. "And, aren't you guys too old to be playing pretend?" Her sister replies that no one could resist the youngest Hawthorne's charm. "Just as long as you guys aren't hurting yourselves. Here, I have something for you." She picks around her duffel bag and brings out a brown bag. "I got in District Eight, I hope you like it." Prim takes out the item, a silver circular necklace with a rose in the middle, from the bag. "Wow, this is so pretty! Thanks, Katniss!" Katniss grins. "I'm glad. Do you think Madge will like this one?" She puts out another necklace similar to Prim's but it's a bit fancier looking, it's silver circular necklace as well, but instead of a rose in the middle, it has a butterfly with golden stud eye. "Wow, that's perfect for Madge!" Prim exclaims. "I think she'll be coming over today." "Why don't we surprise her after lunch?" Katniss asks. "I miss her, too." Prim nods her head enthusiastically. "Let's bring Rory, Vick and Posy. Posy loves her." "I'm not surprised." Katniss laughs. "Is Mom here?" "She's in the clinic, treating some patients, she'll be home for dinner," Gray answers. "Go freshen up, I'll prepare lunch." The twenty-three year old nods and goes upstairs, closely followed by her sister. When they reach her room, Prim frowns at the picture by Katniss's dresser, it's of her, Katniss and Peeta. Beside it is a family photo, with their goat, Lady, and cat, Buttercup. On the other side is group photo of the Everdeens, Hawthornes, Peeta Mellark and Madge Undersee. "I miss Peeta," Prim says. Katniss pauses at what she's doing and closes her eyes. "I know, I do, too," she murmurs. "Do you think he's okay?" "I'm not sure," she admits. "But I hope he is. Peeta's strong. He won't give up easily, he'll survive." Prim nods her head and looks down at the necklace she's wearing. "I'm going to ask Dad if he could make that necklace your protection amulet, the one you're using could be wearing out already. Do you think I should make Madge's, too?" "And that mockingjay pin," Prim adds. "I can go and ask Dad now while you shower, lunch was ready before you arrived." Katniss unhooks the pin from her jacket and hands it to Prim. "I'll see you downstairs." Downstairs, Prim rushes to the kitchen and finds her father fixing the table. "Hi, Dad." "Hey, little duck," he greets. "What's got you all excited?" "Katniss said she wanted Madge's and my necklace to be turned into protection amulets, could you do it, please?" She hands him the necklaces and the mockingjay pin. "Of course," Gray says as he nods. "Go prepare the table now, will you? I'll be back in a few minutes." "Yes, Daddy," Prim replies, nodding her head. "Mmm, I smell something good," Katniss announces as she walks down the stairs of her house. She had changed into sweats and a loose shirt, something she had missed while on the road, hunting, with Gale. "Bet you cooked it, Prim." "Actually, Mom did," she answers, a small smile playing on her lips. "We just reheated it." Katniss rolls her eyes. "Guess she's so happy to see me." "Katniss," Gray warns. "She is, in fact, very excited to see you. She woke up quite early to prepare this since she knows she'll be coming home late, she gave us instructions on how to reheat it for you." The brunette mumbles, "Okay, okay, you win." She sits on the chair nearest her sister and begins to put some steak on her plate. "Wow, I really missed homemade steak, steak outside is just too damn expensive." "Tell me about it," her dad agrees, rolling his eyes. "That's why we only go out for steak during very, very, very special occasions," he states, causing his two daughters to laugh. "Are we having dinner with Madge later?" Prim asks. "If Dad doesn't mind," Katniss answers. She turns to the older man and tilts her head, "Are you okay with that, Dad?" Gray shrugs. "Sure. Just make sure you come home before your mother goes to sleep, all right? I'm sure she's dying to see you." "Gale Hawthorne! I've been dying to meet you!" someone shrieks from the living room. The oldest Hawthorne brother has not yet finished greeting his parents when a redhead, middle-aged lady approached him. "I'm Grace Fisbey, a new neighbor in town. I live across from you with my husband. Oh, I knew it was the right thing to do to visit your parents today." "Um…hello," he greets dumbly. He gives his parents a look and they give him back an apologetic one. "Your parents tell me that you travel around the world with your best friend and cousin, Katniss Everdeen, am I correct? I visited her family a few days ago." "Yeah, that's right. How do you do, Mrs. Fis…bey?" She completely disregards his question. "You don't happen to have a girlfriend, do you, Gale? I have a niece coming here in a few days, she'll start working here, you might be interested." "With what I do, there's really no time for that." "Bummer." Mrs. Fisbey sighs and begins to chatter again. "Well, I wouldn't want to ruin your reunion. Visit me sometime, won't you? Bye now." She then leaves and disappears through the door of the other house. "That was…weird," he says. "What was she doing here?" "Don't mind it, son," Hazelle Hawthorne tells him. "Come in, come in, come in. I'll go call the others." She dashes for the stairs and calls her other children. "Rory! Vick! Posy! You're brother's here!" Boone Hawthorne pats his son's back. "We're really glad you're back, Gale. You don't know how happy you've made us today." "Hope I don't ruin your hopes, Dad," he replied. "Katniss and I are going back on the road. I'm not leaving her alone while she looks for Dough Boy." The man sighs. "Yes, of course. Don't worry, I haven't forgotten. Any luck, though?" Gale shakes his head. "No, none at all." "Gale!" he hears his sister, Posy, squeal. "You're back!" "Hi, Pose!" Gale greets. Even though his sister is already nine, he still had the energy, and height, to carry her on his hip. "How've you been?" "Great! Did you bring me any souvenirs?" "Sure, did," he answers. He puts her down and slings his bag down on the ground. "Here's a necklace for you, Pose." It's a golden chain that had a pendant shaped like a padlock and beside it is a daisy with the stem shaped like a key. "Sorry, I couldn't find any posies." Posy