A/N: Hi! If you've read this story before but from a different username, it's because I decided to shut down that account (orangebows). I will save this story though, so I reposted it into this account. Disclaimer: I do not own PJO, HoO, and Facebook. All rights belong to their respective owners. Poking the Parthenon 1 Annabeth glared at her best friend, then at the screen of her laptop. "Add him," Piper said. "How the hell did he find me? How the hell does he know my name?" The other girl remained silent. And then that's when the blonde sighed, concluding that all her taekwondo lessons in the past haven't gone to waste after all. This was her skills' time to shine, because she was going to kick some Cherokee butt, that's why. "You told him?!" "Look!" Piper threw her hands up defensively. "You guys were really hitting it off at the bar last night! And he was staring at you with this… with this look that I know Jason gives me! Trust me, Annabeth! This guy… he's your soulmate!" Annabeth wanted to gag at the mention of Piper's current obsession. Her best friend was apparently a firm believer of romance and of soulmates and of other related stuff now, and this was all because she believed she had found "the one" with Jason, a guy she met at the same bar a month ago. "I barely know him," Annabeth muttered, staring back at the screen again. She was being dramatic, but she could swear that his name was practically blinding her. She wanted to wince at the request she was staring at; his name was taunting her, paying revenge for her adamant request for it to remain a mystery last night. Percy Jackson wants to add you as a friend. Okay, fine. So she actually had a good time with this Percy guy last night. He had walked up to her when she was openly scowling about being alone (because Piper and Jason just took it upon themselves to leave her and go make-out somewhere). Percy had sat right next to her and offered to buy her a drink. They started talking shortly after that, but the weird thing was that they didn't notice that they failed to introduce themselves until thirty minutes into their conversation. Annabeth decided to keep it that way – remaining anonymous to the other. She had convinced herself that they weren't going to see each other again, anyway. Besides, she was still busy being a new intern in an architectural firm. She had no time to be in a relationship right now, and Percy was too much of an awesome guy to be blown off all the time because of work. But now this was happening. Somehow he found out her name and sent her a request in Facebook. And now she knew his name. She spent all night trying to forget his smile and his laugh. And his green eyes and his really messy dark hair. And his way of talking and his face when he listened. He was too good to be true and now she actually had a chance with him. Kinda. Sorta. Somewhat. Maybe. Annabeth wanted to strangle Piper. "Add him," Piper repeated, reaching for the laptop's touchpad. Annabeth slapped her hand away. "No," Annabeth replied firmly, but she had to admit his profile picture was pretty adorable. He was grinning at whoever was taking his picture, and he was wearing a black button down that suited him just fine. Someone was making bunny ears at the back of his head. "Shut up. You totally want to." This time Annabeth didn't stop Piper when she hovered over the "accept" button and clicked. The notification was highlighted yellow and its text immediately changed into a: You and Percy Jackson are now friends. Write on his wall. "Alright-y," Piper sing-sang. "Now that that's done… let's go do some stalking!" It was amazing the laptop didn't break from the impact of Annabeth closing it down quickly. 2 The first time Annabeth actually clicked on Percy's profile, she wanted to snort at the ridiculousness of what she was seeing. Because right under the "Friends" portion was this: 1 mutual friend . When Annabeth hovered over it, Piper's name and photo appeared in a pop-up box. Typical. Suddenly there was a new thing on the screen. A white box appeared on the lower left of the page. A brand new notification made itself known. Percy Jackson likes your profile picture. Annabeth rolled her eyes before the embarrassment started to sink in. Her profile picture wasn't even her face; it was a photo of The Parthenon, one of Annabeth's favorite architectural sites and one of her dream destinations. She wasn't photogenic like Piper, and she was definitely camera shy. She just chose the photo because she felt like it, and also because she couldn't find a photo where she looked decent. She might as well save herself the embarrassment. But now… she felt like a total dork. What kind of mature adult had a photo of a scenery for a profile picture? And why in the world did she care so much? The notification box was slowly fading from the screen, but Annabeth still noticed that fact that it said, "a few seconds ago." Uh oh. This meant… She glanced to the right side of the screen. Sure enough, Percy's picture was on the sidebar right next to a tiny green circle. Her breath hitched. The mystery man from the bar – Percy Jackson ; she had to keep reminding herself he had a name now – was online. She wasn't sure why, but Annabeth chickened out for no apparent reason. She logged out and decided to sleep for the night instead. 3 Annabeth frowned. "Does anybody poke anybody anymore?" she asked Piper, who was back in her apartment again. Tonight was one of those nights wherein Jason had a shift at the fire department, so Piper decided to have a "girls' night", although their girls' night was turning out to be "take-out-your-phone-and-surf-the-internet-until-we're-tired night." They were just sitting on Annabeth's couch, eyes glued to their respective phones. Piper was at the other end of the couch, tangling her legs with Annabeth's. "What?" "Facebook," Annabeth clarified. "Do people still poke each other?" Piper shrugged and looked back on her phone. "Why do you ask that?" "Percy just sent me a poke." That was all it took for Piper to fly to the other end of the couch, her phone sadly soaring with her and landing somewhere on the floor. She tried to snatch Annabeth's own phone out of her hands. "Lemme see!" "It's just a poke," Annabeth grumbled, pushing Piper away. "He wants you to notice him!" Piper squealed. Her phone on the floor and its probably cracked screen were unnoticed. "Go on; poke him back!" Annabeth scowled at her, but pressed the button anyway. You poked Percy Jackson. And not a few seconds later: Percy Jackson poked you. Piper, who was still on Annabeth's side of the couch, giggled. "He's online!" "Should I…?" Piper answered for her, reaching out onto Annabeth's phone and pressing the button for her. You poked Percy Jackson. Percy Jackson poked you. "This is probably the lowest form of flirting I've ever seen," Piper commented after two minutes of just poking each other back. "You see he's online. Message him!" "Some other time," Annabeth said, trying not to be overwhelmed by Piper's words. Besides, she wasn't even sure what Percy and her were doing. She wasn't even sure if Percy was interested or whatever. It has been three nights since they talked at the bar. "Awkward" probably wasn't the word to cover it, but why in the world were they sending back and forth pokes? Annabeth stared at another Percy Jackson poked you notification . "This poking thing could go on forever." "Message him," Piper repeated. "And say what?" Annabeth shook her head. "No way." Piper sighed dejectedly. "You're right. He should totally make the first move." "That wasn't what I was implying." "So what you're going to do," Piper instructed. "Is not poke him back. Watch The Notebook with me. Get him antsy that you're still online but not responding. The next time he catches your name with the tiny green circle… he's bound to talk to you. He'll see that poking won't get you guys anywhere." "That's, of course, assuming he wants us to get anywhere." Piper stood up, ready to get her movie out. "Honey, he's poking you, isn't he?" "Yeah, because poking totally means I like you ." They had a legit girls' night after that. 4 Annabeth didn't want to admit it, but Piper was right. She didn't poke him back like her best friend instructed. And now she was staring at a message that suddenly popped up at the bottom of the screen. Percy's profile picture was practically flaunting itself to Annabeth's face. Percy Jackson : hi. remember me? How the hell was she supposed to answer? What impression was she supposed to give? Did she want to answer in the first place? Did she want to keep talking to Percy? Was she going to apologize for not asking for his name at the bar? Did she want him to like her? What was he doing, anyway, making her confused and making her ask all these questions?! Annabeth took a deep breath. She was a big girl and was actually an owner of kickass social skills. How she was online, she just wasn't sure. Annabeth Chase : I'm pretty sure I've never been introduced to a Percy Jackson before. Percy Jackson : pretty sure that's because you didn't want to know my name :) She winced at his reply. Annabeth Chase : I had a good reason. Percy Jackson : which is? Annabeth Chase : I'm an undercover agent for the FBI. I'm not supposed to reveal my name, or harm anyone else by asking for theirs. I just put your life in danger, Percy Jackson. It was only after she hit send that Annabeth wanted to slap herself on the forehead for being such a dork. Like her Parthenon picture wasn't already enough to embarrass her. What was Percy going to think of her now? Percy Jackson : yikes. what are we going to do now? should we run? Was he actually being in on the joke? Annabeth Chase : I'm going to have to kill you, Percy. I'm sorry. Percy Jackson : kill me? :( Annabeth Chase : Protocol. It's the only way I can keep my job. Percy Jackson : but… you're going to have to see me if you're going to kill me. Annabeth Chase : I can send some of my men to do that. They can scout your address and kill you in your sleep. Percy Jackson : no, no. i'd rather you kill me instead Annabeth Chase : I should be honored. Percy Jackson : yes you should be. so… when are you going to kill me? tomorrow night at seven? same bar? :) Annabeth's breath hitched, because what the hell, Percy Jackson? What was he trying to do? Annabeth Chase : How do I know you're not going to kill me instead? Percy Jackson : your friend piper already made me promise not to hurt you if i get your name :) Annabeth Chase : So it really was Piper who told you my name! Percy Jackson : yup. and your parthenon picture kind of gave it away. because you know. you did kind of mention of wanting to visit there when we talked Annabeth Chase : You remember me saying that? Percy Jackson : i remember everything you said, but i'm nearly forgetting. that's why i'm hoping you'll say yes for tomorrow so you can refresh my memory :) Annabeth groaned again in her head. He really was too good to be true. She definitely wasn't an