WHAT IS NEW WHAT IS NEW? THIS IS! Hello! Welcome to the sequel of, " Of Crowns and Cookies "! It's a must that you read that story first before delving into this one. This takes a few years after the first story, and this time Percy and his friends are now in their fourth year. :) If you thought OCC was one hell of a ride, wait 'till you read this one. ;) DISCLAIMER: I do not own PJO, HoO, Star Wars, and all other familiar references in this story. All rights belong to their respective owners. Of Royalties and Responsibilities Chapter One Annabeth was everywhere. Her hair was curled under his hands and her scent was right up his nose that she should have been suffocating him but she wasn't. Her own hands were travelling from his hair and to his face, then from his chest to his tie where she yanked and pulled him even closer to her. Her lips were— gods. They were pressed up against his, and even though he's had almost four years to memorize the way everything feels when she's kissing him, he was still flustered like he was fifteen years old again and learning how to be a good boyfriend for the first time. "We can't keep doing this here," Annabeth hissed once Percy's lips were on her neck. "You started it," he argued between kisses, smirking when she felt her hands on his hair again. " Shut up ," she murmured, biting her lip to prevent any other sound from escaping. "Percy, we're going to get caught!" "Be quiet before—" " Ehem ." There was some throat clearing. Percy and Annabeth pulled away at once, straightening their school uniforms, even though it was obvious that one of them had the other pressed against the library shelves. Their hairs were a mess and Annabeth had a suspicious red mark on her neck. Percy's tie was hanging loosely by his collar. "Um," Percy started. "Hi." From the corner of his eye, Annabeth glared at him, looking like she was tempted to slap his face with her palm. "Perseus Jackson of Aspyros and Annabeth Chase of Mylita," the librarian began, looking at the teenagers dead in the eye and glaring. "This is the third time this month, and it's only the first of the semester! Off to the headmaster's office, the two of you! Now !" Annabeth groaned, grabbing Percy's arm and not bothering to fix their appearances. All the other princes in the room were howling and snickering at Percy, "congratulating" him for another job well done. The librarian shushed them and Annabeth merely rolled her eyes, dragging her boyfriend outside. "Chiron's going to kill us," she muttered, stomping towards the headmaster's office. Percy managed to laugh despite his fuming girlfriend. "Hey, it's all right. It could've been worse. She could've informed our parents. What would Queen Athena think?" All the blood drained from Annabeth's face. "Don't even joke about that." They stopped by the office's intercom. Annabeth pressed a button and Chiron's face shimmered in front of them. "Hi, Mr. Brunner," Percy greeted the man like they were old friends (which, technically speaking, they were). Although their headmaster had allowed them to call him "Chiron" outside of class hours, they never failed to call him by his formal name just in case anyone else was listening. "Oh dear." Chiron squinted his eyes, probably taking in their messy appearances. "What was it this time?" "It was Percy's fault," Annabeth sounded dangerously close to whining. Percy dramatically gasped at her. "The librarian sent you here again?" Chiron shook his head. "All right, you can enter." Percy pushed the doors to Chiron's office, taking in the already familiar atmosphere. Chiron was behind his huge desk talking to another student, which Percy and Annabeth both recognized as Leo Valdez of Ceprione. Leo spoke first, wiggling his eyebrows at them. "Well, well, well. What do we have here?" Annabeth shot him a look that she knew scared him. "What are you doing here?" "Classified until this afternoon's meeting." Leo winked. "What about you guys? Where was it this time? Janitor's closet? Broadcasting room? Abandoned classroom? Oh, wait; let me guess! The library!" He guffawed. "I'm right, aren't I? Oh, man. You're going to give that poor librarian a heart attack!" Percy had to hold back a fuming Annabeth. He changed the subject instead. "The meeting this afternoon's at five, right? Will you be presiding, Chiron?" The older man shook his head. "I have a faculty meeting at the same time, so I'll have to leave that to you, Percy, if that's okay. I'm sure this brand new addition won't be too hard to handle. Hazel Levesque's an intelligent girl." "Wow, one month into the school year and we've already got a new one," Leo said. "Who recruited her?" "Piper did," Annabeth answered. "Her room's right across from ours at the dorm, and she's really nice. We haven't talked much, but I trust Piper's judgment." "Is she cute?" Percy rolled his eyes at his roommate. "I'm sure that's not the criteria we're looking for. Anyway, we introduce the new girl today. What else is on the agenda?" "Well," Chiron mused. "Since I'm supposed to be giving the two of you punishment, I'm giving the two of you the responsibility of assigning Hazel to her post. Also, saber and blaster suspension until the next meeting." Percy pouted at the same time Annabeth's jaw dropped. Leo snickered at his friends. "You need to learn your lesson, Your Highnesses," Chiron continued. "Would you like me to call the kings and queens of Aspyros and Mylita instead?" "Of course not," Annabeth answered immediately, no doubt cringing at the thought of her mother finding out she was doing un-princess-like vices, and at the library no less. "Percy and I will take care of Hazel." Chiron nodded. "All right. Well, the three of you should be heading off to the mess hall now. You just missed twenty minutes of your lunch hour." Leo snorted. "Percy and Annabeth certainly didn't mind wasting the time. We'll see you later, Chiron." The three of them bid the headmaster goodbye before exiting his office. Leo immediately darted off towards the mess hall, crying out a, "Wait till Jason hears about this!" and laughing maniacally. Annabeth turned to Percy and scowled. "Should I run after him? Make sure his head gets clobbered before he says anything?" "I won't mind," Percy said, grinning and giving her a quick kiss before pushing her towards the direction of their friend. She smiled at him and ran after Leo. His friends were still goofballs, all right, despite years of studying at the Olympus Academy for the Royalty, a school that was supposed to teach them prim and properness and the ways of ruling entire planets for the future. Of course, Percy and his friends were already seniors and were on their last year now, so no one really minded how they behaved anymore. Everyone knew the impending doom of having to rule kingdoms one day, so they were practically allowed to have a bit of "fun" while they still could. (But apparently, this "fun" didn't include kissing – making out , really - at the library. Teachers still found that scandalous.) Olympus Academy hadn't changed much. The school still had its old castle vibe from the exterior despite the advanced technology it had. The biggest difference was that the headmistress when Percy first entered the school, Mrs. Minerva Dodds, already retired and was replaced by Percy's Geography teacher and saber mentor, Chiron Brunner. Having Chiron as their headmaster made their little "organization" a whole lot easier to manage. Ironically enough, Percy and his friends once upon a time jokingly called their group "Chiron's Army", and now they were too fond of the name to change it. Their group had started out long ago due to an encounter with Percy's old friend Luke Castellan, and since there were threats of another army and a possible war breaking out, and since the school boards did nothing to address those threats, Chiron's Army was born. No one else was genuinely worried for the student body composed of royalties, so Percy and his friends took it upon themselves to do so. Their biggest concern? Finding out the person inside campus who helped Luke Castellan all those years ago. Someone inside the school was part of Kronos' Army , and as long as he was inside the academy, then the princes and princesses weren't really safe. Chiron's Army started out small, afraid that they would get caught and get suspended from the academy. Three years later and they still managed to keep themselves a secret, although they managed to expand a little bit and recruited those they think can help them with their cause. Percy shook his head, bringing himself out of his reverie. He pushed the mess hall doors open to see a bustling cafeteria full of princes and princesses from all over Olympus' planets. He liked seeing everyone act like normal teenagers, despite the fact that everyone had huge responsibilities in the form of whole planets. But there was laughter and bearable chaos, and, really, this was part of the reason why Percy was glad his group exists. He finally walked to his usual table. Leo was laughing loudly while Jason was listening intently to what he was saying, grinning widely and looking like he also wanted to burst out laughing. Annabeth was hitting Leo on the head and probably kicking him under the table, too, while Piper was rolling her eyes. Percy slid onto his seat and tried to catch up with what was going on. "Really, Percy?" Jason turned to the Aspyros prince. "The library? Again?" "Like you and Piper are any better," Percy retorted, earning him a smirk from Piper. "Yeah, the biggest difference is," Piper said. "Jason and I don't get caught." "Ugh," Annabeth groaned, turning to Percy and burying her face onto his shoulder. "Embarrassing, all of you." Leo snorted. "Says the one who got caught for the third time on the first month of the school year." The table budged a little as Annabeth kicked him under the table. Leo howled in pain while the rest of them laughed. Yeah, Percy considered Olympus Academy his home, and these guys were the main reasons why. "Whoa," Hazel Levesque muttered once Percy opened one of the doors in Chiron's office. At first there was only pitch black, but once Percy turned on the lights, a very wide two-story space was revealed. The place used to be a huge library, but since Chiron's Army needed a place for their activities, Chiron took it upon himself to clear out the place and store the old books somewhere else once he was headmaster. The first floor of the place looked like a training area. There were boards with blaster hooks and sabers hanging off of it. There were also different shooting targets on the walls. At the center was an enclosed space for dueling. There were also several screens and machine-like things that projected holo-targets and holo-obstacles for them to practice on. (The holo-images were Annabeth's idea, and she and Leo combined efforts to learn programming and come up with the perfect training gear). The second floor was more of an enclosed space at the sides of the room, overlooking the training area. Unlike the bottom floor, this part had lots of tables and computers. There was even a large table at the end full of tools and random metal parts. "Welcome to base." Percy grinned at the new girl. "The others will be here any minute now. Annabeth and I were supposed to assign you to your sector, but she had some work to do at the broadcasting station, so she'll try to catch up. I assume Piper's already given you the basics?" "Basics, yeah." Hazel nodded, eyes still scanning the room. "She told