Disclaimer: The Lord of the Rings and the characters of the saga is property of JRR Tolkien and his descendents. I have no claims to any of the canon characters mentioned and no profit was made from the release of this story. Chapter One The war of rings had ended and by the hands of two courageous hobbits and the last and final alliance of men and elves, the dark lord Sauron was finally defeated to never rise again. The darkness that griped middle earth was finally released and in its place were happiness, singing, and hope. A new era had dawn upon Middle Earth. The time of elves had ended and the age of men was beginning and in the land of Gondor , the most majestic and powerful of all land to be owned by men, celebrations were in hand. King Elessar had returned to claim his throne, fulfilling the prophecy that Gondor will regain its full valor under him and with him, along with the blessings of Lord Elrond, keeper of the Vilya, Ring of Air and Lady Galadriel of the Light, keeper of the Nenya, the Ring of Adamant, he also brought the most beautiful jewel to ever grace the lands of Adar since the Silmarils, Arwen Udomiel as his wife and Queen of Gondor and all the lands unified under it. Friends from far and wide had been invited to attend the wedding, and among them were none other than the fellowship, and the two lords of men that had fought fearlessly by his side, King Éomer of the Mark and Prince Imrahil of Dol Amroth. It was three days before the wedding and two days after inauguration of Aragorn as King Elessar of Gondor. Lord Faramir had been installed as the Steward of Gondor and Prince of Ithilien and Lady Éowyn of the Mark as his betrothed. Things were pleasant in the halls of King Elessar's palace and at this moment of the story, that is where we find them, friends and lovers seated tranquilly in each other's company quite full from the peacock wonderfully served by the experts of Gondor's kitchen. "Your majesty, your chefs have indeed out done themselves, I fear that I may never leave my chair again," Prince Imrahil said, falling back into his chair a placid smile on his lips. "I agree with Imrahil. Aragorn, a few more days like this and I may need two horses to carry me back to Rohan," added King Éomer. His words were greeted with laughter. Aragorn looked at the two and shook his head. "Aye, that would be most unfortunate. So be it, tomorrow early dawn, I challenge the King of Mark and Prince of Dol Amroth to a battle of swords," said Aragorn, his face serious, but the light in his eyes betraying his words. The two lords turned an evil eye on the new King. "You are cruel, Aragorn. You have put us in a tight corner. To not accept would strip us of any dignity in front of the fair ladies present and to accept would probably land us in the house of healing," grumbled Éomer darkly, but received only a smirk from Elessar. "I am only glad my daughter is not here to witness her father waylaid so helplessly by a roasted peacock," said Imrahil, his complacent mood not the least swayed by his king's challenge. His words caused another war hero to suddenly perk up and turn away from the eyes of his love. "Uncle, have you sent word to Dol Amroth of our victory?" came the calm voice of the Steward. Imrahil looked at his nephew and couldn't help but smile as he watched the man glow under the love of Lady Éowyn. "Lothíriel would have my hide if I had forgotten. Aye, a messenger left but two days ago. I believe the message should have reached her by now," said Prince Imrahil, his smile growing broader at the thought of finally seeing his daughter again. It had nearly broken his heart to part with her, to see her hold back her tears and stay strong for him, neither one of them knowing if they'll ever see each other again. But Faramir was not finished. In fact, his face clouded a little. "Uncle, are you expecting Lothíriel, then?' he asked. His uncle shook his head. "Nay, I have asked her to wait for my arrival, at the least," he replied. Faramir then broke into a small grin. "Well, I believe you should then," he replied simply. This time it was his uncle's turn to look confuse. Everybody else had focused between the two, trying to decipher Faramir's cryptic words. Éowyn too looked wonderingly at Faramir, but he did not take his eyes away from Imrahil. He watched the confusion from his uncle's face clear to be replaced with shock and then horror. With a start he leapt up from his chair his full stomach completely forgotten. "My King, I must go," said Imrahil and made a move that was part bowing and part running out the door. But Aragorn stood up and placed a halting arm on his friend. "Imrahil, what is the matter? Is your daughter in trouble? Do you require assistance? Faramir what is the meaning of your words?" asked Aragorn, his voice concerned. At his words of offering assistance, Éomer too stood up. He and Imrahil had become tight friends and he would travel to the ends of Middle Earth if his friend required it. But Imrahil shook his head. "Nay, she isn't… at least I pray she isn't," said Imrahil hoping that was sufficient enough for Aragorn to release him but Aragorn held fast. Sighing loudly, Imrahil turned his gaze to the windows; one of them occupied by Legolas, for the elf had seen something in the far distant but needed confirmation. "My nephew has just reminded me that I do not have the fortune of siring a docile daughter," said Imrahil. Aragorn and Éomer exchanged confused looks and Faramir suddenly released a short laugh before covering his mouth. "Pray you do not share my fate, boy," warned Imrahil forebodingly to Faramir then turned to his two friends. "I have a feeling that my daughter is on her way here, most probably unescorted and unarmed," he finished, his tone taking a desperate turn as the thought rushed through his head. He had to leave immediately and perhaps he would be able to meet her half way. Aye, that girl would one day be the death of him! "Then we must hurry. We may still meet her half way and before any dangers crosses her path," said Gimli, speaking for the first time. The four hobbits also quickly got to their feet. Faramir still smiling got to his feet as well. But Legolas's words stopped them. "Prince Imrahil, does your daughter share your elven traits?" he asked. Imrahil nodded. Yes, his daughter was the splitting image of his forefathers, and in some ways the elven blood was stronger in her than him. "Then I bid you gentlemen to remain in your seats as she has arrived and happily I say she is escorted by two soldiers and looks to be safe," he said his tone more than amused. Imrahil rushed to stand beside the elf. He just barely made out three horse ridden figures galloping through the seven gates of Gondor, and no doubt the rider leading the trio with her midnight black hair streaming behind her and her dress hiked up dangerously above her ankles was his daughter, Princess Lothíriel of Dol Amroth. Aragorn and Éomer came to stand next to Imrahil and Legolas. "Prince Legolas speaks the truth. She is here and all we can do is wait," he said tiredly but with immense relief. "Then come my lords, return to your seats. It is a beautiful thing, a daughter's reunion with her father," came the gentle voice of Arwen, masterfully disguising her pain of never being able to see her father again. All except Imrahil returned to their seats and Aragorn quietly whispered something to a servant standing ready to do the king's bidding. The man nodded and left the room. Imrahil followed the exit of the servant and left his gaze there, anticipating the arrival of his daughter. Mentally he was imagining how he would punish his stubborn daughter for acting impulsively and putting herself in danger and not to mention scaring ten years of his life. But when a tall lady clad in sea blue with matching eyes and a tan complexion rushed into the room, all thoughts of reprimands disappeared and with a huge smile he opened his arms to her. A strangled cry escaped her trembling lips before she flung herself into his arms and threatened to cut his breathing ability by hugging him tightly. He tightened his grip around her waist and kissed the top of her head. He could feel wet marks at the base of his neck and pulled her so he could look at her face. Her eyes were wet but her jaw did not tremble. A weakling she was not, and she was his pillar of strength for the past dark days. "Father, you are well," she said before hugging him again which her father returned willingly. "Yes, I am well. My daughter, why could you have not waited to join me? Or at least assembled a larger group?" he said softly, not a trace of anger in his voice. Now that she was safe in his arms, he looked on her act with amusement. Lothíriel buried her face deep in her father's tunic. She inhaled his scent, it was the smell of the sea and she was grateful to smell it again. All the nights staying awake in fear and anxiety and the horror that clutched her heart every time a messenger sought her audience seeped away with the receding darkness. Her shoulders felt light with the lifting of her burden. And she was more than relieved that her father did not appear angered by her sudden and risky arrival. "Do not be angry, father. I couldn't wait. When I heard you had appeared victorious and were well, I had to come," she replied lifting her head to look at him. He smiled and kissed her on her forehead. She closed her eyes and relished the feel of his fatherly love. Suddenly, she became aware of the situation and more than naught, that she had entered the realm of another lord without asking for leave. She quickly pulled away and quickly scanned the head table, but with the fleeting glance she couldn't figure out to whom her allegiance belonged too. Was it the dark headed man with his wise eyes and powerful complexion or was it the blond man whose hair flowed strong and shiny down his back and the traces of stubbles lining his masculine jaw? She couldn't decide for they both seem to emanate a sense of power and leadership. But her father put her fears to rest. "King Elessar, I present to you my daughter, Princess Lothíriel of Dol Amroth. Lothíriel, our lord and liege, King Elessar," said Imrahil, presenting his daughter to the king. Lothíriel curtsied low. "King Elessar, I am but your humble servant and I would ask for your forgiveness for my unexpected arrival, I bear no hostile feelings, and hope that I have not offended," she said demurely, her eyes fixed on a point at his feet. "Princess Lothíriel, no apologies are in due. I understand and am glad that you are safe, and most assuredly, your presence is more than welcomed here in Minas Tirinth," said Aragorn, trying to make the younger girl look at him. But she kept her eyes fixed to the ground. "Thank you for your kind words, my King, you are as kind as songs have described, if not kinder," she said and this time, she looked up