... ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::T.W.I.L.I.G.H.T:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: Twilight By Skylight96 Summary: Every ends is someone else beginning. That's what I believe on. Just like the life I've been living for since my rebirth. My end is my very beginning. This is it. I'm Adrian Cullen and this is my story… Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight but Adrian Cliff. Warning: Alternate Version of Twilight and Vampires. ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::T.W.I.L.I.G.H.T:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ... Twilight Part I ... Every last breath I took that day… Every burning pain that was crawling inside my veins… I could still remember it clearly… It was the day where I reached my end. It was also the day where I reached my beginning. The life that I once knew back then was gone. Disintegrated into nothing but a pile of ashes lying on the ground and was reborn back into existence... Just like the legend said. Every ends is someone else beginning. That's what I believe on… Just like the life I've been living for since my rebirth. My end is my very beginning. The one that you known as Adrian Cliff were no longer alive but Adrian Cullen is... And this is my story... ... "Who are they?" A pair of dark amber eyes instantly shot up from the book in his hand at the question and looked up towards the window of the cafeteria beside him to find the owner of the soft feminine voice. It was the new girl, Bella Swan from what he heard from the students. She was sitting within a group of five not far from the entrance of the school cafeteria. Snapping his eyes away from his observation on the new girl, the owner of the eyes looked down back at the written words inside his old book and silently continued to follow his siblings as they all made their way to the entrance door of the school cafeteria. The sound of his siblings' footstep hitting the cement floor accompanied him during the short journey as he closed the book within his hand and placed it into the pocket of his brown jacket to open the door for himself. The sound of chattering students and the smell of food instantly flooded into his enhanced senses as he let himself entered into the noisy hall. He paused slightly at the entrance door and continued to follow his family as they went up to the counter to buy their so-called-lunch while secretly listened to the conversation belong to the new girl's group of friends. "The Cullen" answered a brunette spectacled girl named Angela Weber to the question asked by Bella as she played with her food awkwardly, as if she doesn't want talk about it with the new girl. The dirty blonde girl sitting next to her, Jessica Stanley nodded in agreed to her words and couldn't help but added her own eagerly by saying, "They're Dr. and Mrs. Cullen's foster kids" as she took a peek at the said family over her shoulder as they entered the school's cafeteria, "They moved down here from Alaska like a few years ago" she said as she took a bite of her salad while watching for Bella's reaction about the Cullen's family. "They kind of keep it to themselves" added Angela helpfully as she placed down her fork to give both of her friends her full attention. "Yeah 'cause they're all together. Like together, together" whispered Jessica scandalously to them as she took another peek at the Cullen behind her, "The blonde girl" she began as she gestured towards the beautiful blonde girl stood by the entrance of the hall with a dark-haired man holding her hand, "that's Rosalie and the big dark-haired guy, Emmett. They're like a thing. I'm not even sure that's legal" she said as they watched the said couple walked passed their table to their place by the window. Angela shook her head exasperatingly at her friend's words and rolled her eyes, saying, "Jess, they're not actually related" as she took a bite of her lunch while watching them continued to talk about the Cullen. "Yeah, but they lived together. It's weird" hissed Jessica as she gave the couple a disgusting look at the thought of them being a couple while living in a same house before turning to see another couple within the Cullen family, "And okay, the little dark-haired girl's Alice. She's really weird. And she's with Edward the bronze one who brooding all the time. Dr Cullen's like this foster dad/matchmaker" continued the dirty blonde girl as she motioned towards another couple walked passed their table. "Maybe he'll adopt me" teased Angela playfully to them as she cupped both of her hands under her right cheek in fake blissful look at the thought of being adopted by the beautiful family. Bella snorted softly under her breath at her antic and turned her attention to the other Cullen walking passed their table. "Who's he?" Jessica lifted her head up at the question and turned to see another person from the Cullen clan she forgot to mention during the introduction, "That's Adrian Cullen" she said, "Edward's younger brother. He's totally gorgeous, obviously but apparently nobody here's good enough for him. Like I care you know? He's totally to engross with his book than socializing with other people like us. Seriously, don't even try" frowned the dirty blonde haired girl with a hint of bitterness inside her voice. "I wasn't planning to." Bella looked over her shoulder to the Cullen and couldn't help but watched the one named Adrian curiously from the other side of the cafeteria as he took a seat beside his older brother, Edward. She watched him placed his food down onto the wooden table and sat himself down into the empty seat booked by his older brother earlier with his hand tucked firmly into the pocket of his brown jacket. He talked with his siblings for a moment or two before pulling a small book out from the pocket of his jacket. He chuckled at something Emmett said and opened the book that was in his hand to read it. Feeling a heated gaze of someone watching him from far, the bronze haired man looked up from his reading and turned his head to his side to see the new brunette girl watching him over her shoulder. He raised his eyebrows slightly in confused at the look he received from the new girl and slowly turned his attention back to the story as he waited for the bell to ring. … "Mr. Molina" greeted a tall blonde haired young man, Mike Newton to his teacher as he presented the older man his new student. The Biology teacher known as Mr. Molina looked up briefly from his paperwork at the greeting and smiled as he greeted one of his students in returned with a warm smile adorned on his face, "Hey, Mike" he said before shifting his attention to the person walking behind the boy, "Oh, yes. Miss Swan" welcomed the kind teacher to his new student as he waited the girl to meet him by the table. Bella thanked the Newton boy softly under her breath for showing her the lab and slowly entered the class as she glanced around the small room to find familiar faces among the students inside her class. A lone figure sat by the window instantly caught her attention as she raised her brown eyes up from her observation to see one of the Cullen, Adrian, sitting alone on the other side of the class with his book in his hand. She paused slightly in the middle of her track and couldn't help but stare at the beautiful Adonis basking by the window. The wind from the fan behind her ruffled her dark brunette wavy hairs which unconsciously caused the said Adonis to stiff at the unexpected strong scent coming out from her. Adrian, who was reading his old book, instantly froze at the strong freesia scent filling the air around him and slowly shot his darkened gaze up from his book to meet the new girl standing by the fan. Feeling the increasing hot burning thirst inside his throat, he instantly stopped his breathing and quickly shut his book as he turned his head away to the window on his left to hide his slowly darken amber eyes. He moaned in pain at the wonderful smell coming from the new girl in front of his class and covered the lower of his face with his hand as he struggled to keep himself from killing everyone inside the room. "Hi, can I have the pass?" Snapping away from her musing, Bella turned her attention back to her new Biology teacher and passed him the said pass for his signature. Mr. Molina thanked her for the pass and signed it as he handed her a book for his class, "Welcome to the class. Here's your stuff okay? And I got your seat right here. So, come on" said the older man as he began to lead the young woman towards an empty seat at the back of the class. Bella thanked the kind teacher and slowly took her seat behind the bronze haired Cullen. The loud beating of her heart greeted the agony vampire as he forced the predatory side of him into submission with his jaw clenched tightly to prevent himself from losing his control over his thirst for her blood. He closed his eyes for a moment and slowly turned around to face the shy brunette girl with a painful smile adorned on his face, "H-Hi" greeted the bronze haired young man awkwardly to the human girl. God, never in eighty years of immortality had he smell something so delicious. So wonderful that he had to use everything he had to suppress his own desire to drink her. He swallowed the pooling venom inside his throat and continued to talk to her in hope of avoiding any suspicious about his strange behavior, "B-Bella Swan, isn't it? I'm Adrian Cullen" he said as he introduced himself to his new lab partner. "…Y-Yeah" answered Bella softly to his greeting as she took a chance to fully look at his appearance. He was no doubt a gorgeous looking young man she ever since seen in her seventeen years of living. He had short dark bronze colored hairs and a perfectly aristocratic face with a strong jaw line. His skin was flawless. As if he was craved on marble. One thing that caught her attention was how pale he was along with his other siblings. I mean, he was so pale that she almost wandered if he even had blood inside him. Not even a hint of flush could be seen from him. Shaking her head to dismiss her wandering thoughts, she bit her lips lightly in hesitation and couldn't help but leaned closer to him as she looked at the silent Cullen concernedly at the pain adorned on his handsome face, "A-Are you alright?" she asked him timidly as she watched him repeatedly fisted his hand, as if he was struggling to keep something at bay. Something dangerous. "You like you're in pain" she said. Adrian instantly stiffed at the closeness that he felt from the human girl and slowly nodded as he gave her a painful smile to dismiss her concern about him, "Yeah, I'm fine" he said as he withdrew his hand back under his desk to hide it from the brunette girl beside him, "Just a little stomachache that's all. Must be something I ate during lunch." Bella blinked at his pathetic excuse and slowly nodded as she turned her attention back to the teacher with deep thought circling inside her mind about his weird behavior. Adrian sighed internally at the changing attention and couldn't help but glanced sideway at the human sitting beside him in interest for her wonderful scent. … After spending half of his day in school with burning thirst inside his throat, Adrian quickly got