New York City is a very crowded place. It's bustling with people and life and busy busy business men, endless swarms shuffling through the city and up and down the sidewalks and somehow managing to live packed so close together it's almost suffocating. And while Nico doesn't particularly like people or crowds, he loves it here, loves walking up and down the streets amidst the crowds because goddamn, there are so many people who are so distracted- looking at their phones or the people next to them or thinking about who knows what- that they hardly pay attention to the way their wallets or keys or phones or random belongings stick so obviously out of their pockets or purses. He loves the crowded streets of New York City because it's so ridiculously easy to bump shoulders with someone and slip the contents of their pockets into his hand, mumble an apology and pluck it straight out from under their noses, feel the leather or cotton or plastic cool or warm against his fingers with the tiny rush of adrenaline, especially when it's some prissy man or woman that shot him a dirty look and he can feel the smug satisfaction knowing that they'll reach for their precious money later only to find it gone, many miles away in the hands of the grubby kid they glared at and- and- And he loves and hates walking the streets of New York City, because it reminds him of floppy hats and smiles too much sometimes and he wonders what she'd think of him now- though she was the one who taught him the tricks and proper uses of jumpy fingers and how to blend in and slip away. He wonders if she's frowning at him from somewhere up in the sky, he wonders if there's anything up in the sky, and if there is, he hopes she made it there. But Bianca's not around anymore and she can't stop him from doing what she taught him— it got her killed; it landed him on the street; percy told him and then left him and it was percy's fault she was out there in the first place, his fault she met that stupid group of girls who wanted her to leave him, his fault that she did, his fault she got caught up in the middle of everything and wound up with a bullet in her chest and -she's not around anymore and so he has to make do with what has, which is his hands and his jacket and a little knife tucked safely in an inside pocket of that jacket. He makes do with what he has and what he has is little things taken from other people and it's really not his fault you know, people have to live and he has to live and the people he lives off of have enough to spare anyways so it's fine if some of it goes to buying dollar burgers eaten on some park bench or a night or two in a cheap hotel because he doesn't think he can stand another day of sleeping with the homeless park people or slumped against an alley wall. And it's fine and good because he never takes too much and he never takes too little; he just picks people's pockets like a pro and maybe takes the occasion concessional item from the back of supermarkets- opens the bags and stuffs the contents into his pockets or rips the tags off of shirts with his teeth in the dressing rooms. He never does anyone any harm- and if he does it's self defense- he never hurts anyone so it's good and fine and he's 14 and he's surviving. He's 15 when he's running low on life and everything that comes with it- at least he thinks he's 15, he's not really sure anymore. He's 15 and waiting in the shadows of an alleyway, avoiding the crowds and waiting for someone to come near enough- and when someone does it's a girl, probably older than him and probably pretty (though he's not really looking and it doesn't really matter) and he makes his move, stepping out to accidentally bump into her and brush his hand into her pocket. He has a hold on a wallet or something and is about to pull away when there's a tug on his wrist- he's pulled back and spun around and a moment later his chest is pressed against the dirty wall and his arm is twisted behind his back. The girl is smiling a sickly sweet smile dripping with smugness behind him and shit. "Going somewhere?" She asks innocently. Nico is grinding his teeth in frustration because this has never happened before- he usually manages to get away before it can, he darts this way and that and slips away from muggers or angry store owners- and he really doesn't have time for it. So he stays quiet, settling on a glare, one of the ones he's practiced in the mirror and perfected over the years. She twists his arm a little bit more and he bites his tongue to keep from making any noise and she's about to say something else when someone else steps up to them, someone tall and unfamiliar and surprisingly bright for this part of town. "Piper?" The someone asks, and his voice is clear and also very bright, "I got the... who's that?" He seems to have noticed Nico, who is still pressed painfully and humiliatingly again the wall and he's suddenly very self-conscious about the circumstances and what he'd been trying to do and basically just existing. Piper, apparently, shrugs, and the movement presses harder on his twisted twisted arm and damn he hopes it doesn't sprain but it'll probably definitely bruise. "Dunno. Tried to snatch my wallet- almost got away with it too." She says, far too casually. She gestures with a nod of her head to the bright blue wallet on the ground that fell out of his hand when she'd caught him. The someone bends down to pick it up. "Really?" And he sounds surprised, almost impressed even. "Really," Nico mutters, trying very hard not to taste the bricks because he doesn't have any water to wash it out with; he was gonna pick something up and go to the store and if it was enough, maybe rent out a room in the motel a few blocks down, the one that doesn't ask questions and serves waffles in the morning. The someone turns his attention towards him (and there's that self-consciousness again that he feels way too often now and days). Nico has to crane his neck to see what's going on behind him, and what he can see is a guy a few years older than himself, with too-bright blond hair and too-bright blue eyes and a too-bright smile- he's smiling at him, a smile Nico can't read and he's gotten very good at reading people, and he wonders why the hell a too-bright person like this is standing in a dark alley, smiling at a thief on the wrong side of town. He thinks the someone really should be angry and not smiling, but people all have different ways of handling things, right? And so he sort of expects the question, "What's your name?" But he doesn't expect the tone- it's not accusatory, it's genuine curiosity, and Nico wants to get as far away from here as possible because genuine people never have happy endings. "None of your business." He shoots back. The someone seems to have expected that answer, and he shrugs. "My name's Jason," he says, "And this is Piper." he gestures to the painful twisty arm girl. And people don't just give away their names out here and Nico is frustrated. "That's wonderful ," he glares at Jason as best he can, "But I have to go, so could you tell your friend I don't want her damn wallet?" Piper laughs from behind him, "You could just tell me yourself." "I don't want your damn wallet." He tells her himself, "Let go." "I wanna know your name first," she says, and there's that genuine curiosity again and neither of them seem very angry and Nico is confused and very frustrated. "It's Nico," he grumbles, "Now get the hell off," "Since you asked so nicely," and then the weight is gone and he can feel his arm again and he twists around to face his oppressors (the too-bright smile guy and a girl that looks to be about Jason's age, pretty like he thought, with choppy hair ridden with little braids and eyes he can't see the color of in the dark), making a show of rubbing his wrist. "So, Nico," Piper starts conversationally, propping herself up against the wall, "What's a kid like you doing down here this late at night?" And Nico just glares some more because he hates being called a damn kid- it reminds him of him and it reminds him of out of reach times. "Other than being interrogated against my will?" "You tried to steal from me," she points out, "I can ask a few questions," "What you can do is-" "I hate to cut this short," Jason interrupts, a little bit of something shining in his eyes, "But we're gonna have some unwanted company here pretty soon." Before Nico can open his mouth to tell the jerk that he already has unwanted company, he hears the faint ringing of police sirens. And he notices for the first time that Jason is carrying a small black very suspicious duffle bag in his arms and shifting from foot to foot and both he and Piper look like they've just run a marathon or something and he blinks. Genuine people are not usually of the criminal type, y'know? "Shit," Piper murmurs, but there's a small excited grin on her face. As if they've rehearsed this hundreds of times, the bag is shifted to Piper's arms and Nico's hand is taken hostage by Jason's with a quick "C'mon," and the three of them are running within a matter of seconds. And Nico doesn't have time to pull away and can't manage it anyway when he's being half-dragged along and the sirens are getting closer and if he gets caught running with these people he'll be charged as an accomplice, and if he gets caught alone he'll be recognized as the kid who almost got caught shoplifting and now that he thinks about it he has a few IDs on him that aren't his and— -and so he runs. Jason's hand is warm and steadying and he isn't sure why he's being pulled along with them but he takes it in stride, his feet hit the pavement hard and he'll get away from these odd genuine strangers later, when they're not being chased by the police for reasons he doesn't know, and he runs. -:- He learns over the next few days that Piper can talk her way out of impossible situations and Jason is a mixture of kindness and brutality that should be an impossible situation in and of itself. It should've been impossible for them to get in and out of a bank and make it far enough away to have half a conversation with a pickpocket, and it should've been impossible for them to be so incredibly friendly to someone who tried to steal from them (they hop into a dark red truck and speed onto the highway, Jason squeezes in between cars with a grin on his face that strikes Nico across his and makes its way down his spine and he points them to a trashy, out of the way hotel). It should've been impossible to get any personal information out of him- he's had plenty of practice keeping his mouth shut and even more practice painting over truths, but they could always seem to tell when he