So my first story for the fandom. I thought I'd take a look at Gale Hawthorne, and sort of how I imagined his life after the war to be like. Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games. It's so similar it sometimes takes his breath away. The mountains, the forests, the ruins, and loath as he is to admit it, even the people are the same. The men and women and children of District 2 aren't so far off from the ones back home. No, not home, he corrects himself. This is home now. And District 12 is a memory. He's a Captain in the District 2 garrison, there with a dozen other officers from 8 and 13 and 1. He lives in the barracks on the south end of the District, his family have a small townhouse to themselves just a block down from the main roads. He eats with them every night before heading off to his quarters. In the mornings, he downs a sharp tasting drink they call coffee which kept him awake after the rough nights, and heads out for the day, tracking down insurgents in the mountains, loyalists of the old regime. He fights, bleeds, and sweats for this place. That might as well make it home. It doesn't have coal powder dusting the walls and roofs of the houses and offices, it doesn't have narrow streets and dirt paths, a slap heap, a familiar hewed down stump, or the old faded pink sweet shop he would sometimes walk Posy and Vick by. It doesn't really matter. It has a school his siblings can go to. It has an inn his mother can work at. It has a job he can do, wants to do, and the possibility of advancement. It provides, and there's nothing more important than that. He can do without the tree stumps, sweet shops, and coal dust. But it also doesn't have her. Gale never got the impression that Plutarch liked him much. Or maybe he was just projecting his own feelings about the man back unto him. Plutarch smiled falsely. He flattered, made jokes, and seemed happy enough to smirk and shake hands and make quips. But there was something he couldn't figure out underneath that sweaty, pale skin and Gale could barely stand to be in his company for very long. Thankfully, he didn't have to. District 2 was where Paylor wanted him, Plutarch had said. A captaincy for him, a job hunting down insurgents and rebels hidden in the mountains, and keeping the new District 2 loyal. Hunting down old followers of Snow? That he could do. Anyone trying to restore Snow's old ways he would find and crush, without mercy, and without qualms. Plutarch prattled on about sending his family with him, how at home he might find himself in Two, the President's trust in him, how Gale had plenty of chances to rise high now in new regime they were building. When the official paperwork was signed, Plutarch extended a sweaty palm and shook his hand, offering an oily smile. "By the way," he asked, as Gale buttoned up his coat and prepared to head out. "What did you think of the trial?" "You certainly made quite a show of it," he grunted in response. He couldn't figure Plutarch's game, putting that trial on every screen in Panem. The witnesses called, the defence statements, the dozens of testimonies on behalf of the prosecution and the defence. Gale had never seen anything like it. She had a way of inspiring that, creating things no one else had seen. "Heh, well, a bit of theatre never hurt anyone," Plutarch said modestly, as if it were a compliment. "Your testimony certainly helped. Panem's new hero, advocating on behalf of his beloved cousin." He was mocking him, and Gale had no patience for that. He grunted a farewell and turned to leave. "You and Peeta Mellark of course. I don't think there was a dry eye in the room when he was called to court." That gave him pause, right at the door. He turned to face Plutarch, who was still smiling like he had a juicy secret to share. "He's leaving today you know. Was medically cleared." "Peeta?" He didn't know why that surprised him. He hadn't seen him properly since they split up at Tigris's shop. Seen him on the TV for Katniss's trial, but they never met, didn't speak. "Why are you telling me this?" "Just thought you might want to know," Plutarch shrugged. "Your assignment in 2 could take years. Unlikely you'll run into a lot of people from home." He gestured with his hand, a rude kind of dismissal, and despite his surprise, Gale shuffled out. Plutarch, he thought to himself, he would never be able to figure out. He woke in the night with a gasp, his sudden movement walking the body next to him. He panted hard, the images still reeling in his head. "What's wrong Gale?" came a sleepy voice. Ran. A soldier from District 13, and a sergeant in one of the task forces in District 2. She had pale skin, dark hair, and didn't take flak from any of fellow soldiers in the garrison, and not from him either, when he criticized her on her being late. It wasn't long before they found themselves in this kind of situation, wrapped around each other at night. "Nothing, go to sleep," he muttered, drinking water from his bedside table. She pushed herself up by one arm, reached out to touch him with the other. "I'm fine," he affirmed. He curled back down next to her, pulling up the sheets again as she nestled closer to him. "I wish you'd tell me." He had heard that before. From Lys, a secretary in the Capitol, and then from Moira, a press aide come to cover the work in District 2. He told Ran the same thing he told them. "It's nothing Ran. Just a dream." Nightmare really. Of fire and screams. Children, blonde hair and doctors. Her. She used to get nightmares too. He was never there for them, but he heard about them from her mother. But she didn't face them alone. In that cafeteria, with a twisted smirk, Peeta Mellark asked her about those nights they shared on the train. The Victory Tour he assumed. He almost dismissed them as the ravings of a man who was completely lost and scrambled, who just wanted to hurt him, but she hadn't denied it. Something in her eyes changed when he brought it up. It tortured him then. The implications. Shared nights while they were engaged and alone. He couldn't bring himself to ever ask about it. He was sure she'd tell him it wasn't his business anyways. He buried those thoughts then, and he could bury them now. Ran didn't look convinced, but he rolled over on top of her and kissed her breathless, and suddenly she wasn't so interest in his sleep anymore. Gale doubted it would last. It hadn't with the others. Maybe it never would. But Ran was fun and comfortable to be around, and he so badly needed this. Needed to erase the sneer of a blonde mutt and a girl with eyes like silver. The Capitol Wellness and Personal Health Institute was one of the many buildings converted by the new regime for a less luxurious purpose. Built on the outskirts of the Capitol, closer to the lakes and mountains, it was once supposedly a place for Capitol citizens to spend money staying at while they were attended to avoxes. Now, it was something of a hospital. But not like any hospital like Gale had ever seen. People there weren't treated for bullet wounds and scars, well, at least not scars on the outside. The patients Gale saw there looked to be in varying degrees of decent physical health. Their eyes told a different story. Some were wild and frightened. Others were cold and hollow. Some couldn't move, despite there being no splints or casts about their legs. Some couldn't be still at all, others couldn't sleep, and some speak incessantly. There were no more avoxes that Gale could see, at least not among the staff. They all wore clinical white coats as they strode down the gilded, beautiful halls. A nurse was walking him towards a room, and there, through the window, he could see him. He was outside, seated and painting on a canvas. Scenery it looked like. He was so engrossed in his work he didn't notice him. He looked well enough. Healthy, well fed. His cheeks and eyes weren't gaunt and hollow anymore. His frame was more filled out again. His expression as he painted was concentrated, but not fierce or hateful. His hands and arms had burn marks all the way up to his elbow, but it was healed, with only the scars remaining. He didn't know why he came. He couldn't go outside, couldn't bring himself to go outside and see him. Why was he here? "How is he?" He settled on asking to the nurse, who was looking ever more puzzled by his silence and reticence to go and see the patient he asked for. "He's well. He eats his meals, he brushes and bathes, he exercises daily, he paints and bakes and cooks," she tells him, Gale nodding along. "You can go and see him if you like. He's safe to be around. He talks with the other patients and staff regularly, we take him on trips into the city to socialize. He doesn't present any danger." "No, that's fine." He doesn't know why he came, but somehow he feels better that he did. He walks past the bewildered nurse, out the way he came. He has never known what to think of Peeta Mellark. Once he might have said that they could be friends, in another world at least. He used to think he was weak, a liability. But anyone who could kill a giant like Brutus in the arena wasn't weak, baking and painting aside. He wasn't a deadweight either, though it took time to appreciate Peeta's foresight and thinking. During the war, he spoke about a cease-fire, and misinformation or not, duress or not, Gale knew that part of Peeta believed those words, and that Gale didn't know if he could forgive. Until he warned them about the bombs. He spoke at the trial. In the last week of it, he was called to the stand, eyes and voice clear. Plutarch was right, there wasn't a dry eye in the room or across Panem when he was finished. It might have made all the difference, and for that he was grateful. Peeta Mellark was hard to figure out, and somehow hard to hate, even after everything. Gale didn't want to be his friend, couldn't possibly be his friend. But he was glad he was okay. His record in District 2 was excellent. He had snuffed out several loyalist cells, had kept District 2 firmly in the grip of the new regime, and the local population was obedient. Not friendly, but obedient. And he couldn't care if they were friendly to him or not. District 2 had sided with the Capitol. The people he supervised were once shooting at him, and he couldn't forget that. Even the District 2 rebels were less than fond of him, doubtless something their former leader Lyme had passed onto them. He wasn't fond of them either. District 2 was an enemy he had to ensnare and hold in place until it was tamed. They were faithless when they sided with the Capitol, and so he felt no need to treat them any better than they deserved. But those notions were challenged when a brick went crashing through his window. It was during dinner, and his mother shrieked and his siblings dove under the table. He went outside despite their calls to stay