A/N: This story is intended as the first in a series that covers the years after the Second Wizarding War. It is a sequel to 'The Changeling' wherein Ginny is a Slytherin. But like all stories, this is just one possibility. Special thanks to Bethany and TimeShifter for being sounding boards and betas and generally awesome. they made you into a weapon and told you to find peace (-unfinished poems by s.z) Chapter One "Potter." Harry doesn't look up from the rubble he's trying to shift. There's a framed painting listing on the wall behind, partially hidden by a pile of rock. His wand is shaking slightly in his hand, a fine river of dust and rubble stubbornly cascading back into place no matter how many pieces he charms out of the way. A mournful-looking woman with a wide lace collar peers back at him from the battered canvas. "Potter," the voice insists again, and Harry tears his eyes from the painting to see Madam Pomfrey regarding him, her hands on her hips. Somehow she manages to look crisp and unruffled, her cap still firmly in place. "Come along," she says, voice brisk. "I'll have a look at you." "I'm fine," Harry says. "I'm not hurt." He isn't, right? He tries to take stock of his body, but it feels distant. Another small cascade of pebbles run down the wall, spilling out into the hall. "Kingsley insists," she says. "Really, Madam Pomfrey," Harry tries, wanting this rubble shifted. Needing to do it. Her face is set in familiar lines. For all the time they've spent together over the years, he can tell this isn't one of the times she can be put off. "Harry," she says, voice pitching lower with something horribly like pity. He jerks his head once in agreement, anything to get her to stop looking at him like that. Without another word, Pomfrey turns on her heel and heads down the hallway. Harry glances back at the still partially buried painting. "Sorry," he murmurs. She mutely stares back at him. Harry trudges behind Pomfrey, stepping over piles of rubble and armor and fluids he tries not to look at too closely. Rather than leading him to hospital, she leads him down the stairs and into one of the classrooms. It's been set up as an aide station, so he has to assume the hospital was yet another casualty of the damage. His hands tighten into fists, his heart pounding loudly in his ears. The diary, the ring, the locket, the cup, the diadem, the snake , he thinks, the endless litany of syllables almost meaningless at this point. And me . "Sit," Pomfrey says, pointing at a camp bed. Harry obeys, but almost immediately wants to push back up to his feet. He curls his hands around the edge of the bed, his knee bouncing up and down in the face of this sudden unwanted immobility. "Jacket off," she says. He peels off layers of grimy, worn clothing until he's just in his undershirt. He can't remember how many days ago he put this shirt on. Was it two? Three? Pomfrey looks him over intently, words murmured under her breath as she casts diagnostic spells. He feels the gentle tingle of them on his skin as if from a distance. The diary, the ring, the- "Does it hurt?" "What?" Harry asks, looking up at her. She considers him for a long moment. "Your scar." It's only then he realizes that his fingers are pressing into his forehead. He drops his hand. "No." She nods curtly, but doesn't press further. Lifting his arms, she clucks her tongue over the burns on his skin. "Curse-induced?" she asks, voice brisk. "Flagrante," he says, and the break-in to Bellatrix's vault seems like years ago. He glances down at the half-healed welts. "We had some dittany on hand." "Well, at least there was that." She fiddles a bit longer, healing a few minor cuts here and there, easing a bruise. These small tasks completed, her wand drops to her side. "How do you feel?" It's a strange question, one Harry isn't sure how to answer. Should he tell her about the low-level buzz of panic at the back of his brain, something that keeps making him feel like he's forgotten something important, like there must be one more thing to do. Because it can't be done. There's always been…more. And yet, for all the jitteriness, his body feels sluggish, not able to keep up with his scattered thoughts. - the locket, the cup- Pomfrey's hand is gentle on his knee, pressing down to stop the twitching movement. "When was the last time you had a meal, child?" He feels his shoulders hunch, something like anger crawling up his throat at the patronizing tone. "I feel fine," he bites out. She gives him a long flinty stare, but eventually nods, apparently satisfied. "Well, then, Potter. Nothing a few good meals and some rest won't cure. Think you can handle that?" "Yes, Madam," he forces himself to say. "Can I go?" Her lips press together, but she doesn't argue. "Yes." He jumps to his feet, intensely grateful to be up and moving again. He thinks he hears her sigh as he leaves, pulling on his jacket as he goes. Outside in the hallway he pauses, fully intending to go back and finish helping the painting, but he can't quite remember where that had been. The castle feels unfamiliar, landmarks missing, walls collapsed. God, so much damage , he thinks, that terrible buzzing building in his ears again. Someone passes by, and without thinking, Harry follows, just needing to go somewhere . The student glances warily back at him, eyes widening when she recognizes him, but doesn't try to talk to him, thank Merlin. They continue down the hall in their strange single-file formation, eventually ending back in the Great Hall. Harry nearly backpedals at the door, not wanting to be here. But the hall has emptied out a lot since he was here yesterday. (Was that really only yesterday ?) His eyes skim the space, looking for Ron or Hermione. He hasn't seen them since he woke in his old dorm room a few hours earlier, the two of them still asleep in the next bed. There's no sign of them. McGonagall is talking to Mrs. Weasley. Off to one side, Charlie is with George, the two of them not talking, just sitting. Harry feels pressure squeeze across his chest, a painful burning bile crawling up his throat. Maybe there's a chance Ginny is still in the cloister, he thinks, fumbling for the map. Things were…quieter there. He's sure of it. Someone claps a hand down on his shoulder, and Harry's entire body tenses, his hand going to his wand. The hand instantly lifts. "Hey. Sorry." Harry spins to see Bill, looking worn and dirty and somehow apologetic when Harry is the one who needs to apologize. Bill gives Harry a once-over. "Do you need to be seen by someone?" Harry's jaw tightens, and he tries to remind himself that it should be nice to be fussed over, no matter how much it makes him want to scream. "I just finished with Pomfrey." Bill nods. Percy walks up to them, robes streaked with dust and tie hanging to one side. Harry almost doesn't recognize him, so unused to him looking anything less than polished. Catching sight of Harry, Percy opens his mouth to say something, shifting uncomfortably. His cheeks are red, but in the end he only apologetically shrugs. Harry shrugs back, any lingering indignation long ago burned away by sheer exhaustion. Percy turns to Bill. "Ginny's gone to St. Mungo's with her, uh, friend . She didn't want him to have to go alone." He grimaces. "Well, refused to let him more like." Bill sighs, dragging a hand over his face. "Of course she did. It's secure at least?" Percy nods. "The Minister oversaw it himself. He said the Ministry offices could wait. The injured are more important. He's running things from there." "Okay." Bill eyes his brother. "Are you going over there?" Something seems to pass between the brothers. Percy's chin lifts. "I told him where he could find us if he needed us." Bill smiles wanly, clapping Percy on the shoulder. Fleur approaches then, Bill sliding an arm around her waist and pressing a kiss to her forehead. She leans into him, her expression weary, but no less beautiful for the healing cut on her cheek. "If you can keep Mum here," Bill says to her, "we're going to go take care of it." She nods. Harry glances at Percy next to him. "Take care of what?" He winces. "The Burrow." Harry frowns. "What do you mean?" "It's been empty since Mum and Dad had to leave at Easter," Bill says. Harry isn't really sure of the significance of that, just recognizes the grim cast to Bill's expression. "Can I help?" he asks, desperate to do anything other than keep standing here. To risk having to think . - the diadem, the snake- Bill lifts one eyebrow in an expression that unexpectedly reminds Harry of Ginny. "Sure, it's about time you made yourself useful." Fleur murmurs, "Are you sure?" Bill squeezes her. "We'll keep him safe." Harry bites back a caustic remark about not needing a babysitter, not particularly wanting to antagonize Bill. He's probably safer now than he's been his entire life. Isn't he? Bill seems to read his expression anyway. "Remind me, how many times have you almost died in the last 24 hours?" Harry rubs at the back of his head. "Yeah, well, I'm not planning on doing that again for a while." Bill snorts. "We may not know each other that well, Harry, but even I know what you plan rarely has any affect on what happens." Harry feels himself blanch, his thoughts spiraling dangerously. And me. And me. And me. "Hey," Bill says, something awful in his voice. "Harry…" "Can we go?" Harry says. For a moment it looks like Bill may push, hand reaching out at if to touch him again. Harry deliberately turns away, stuffing the map back into his pocket. "Yeah. Sure," Bill says. "Let's go." Harry glances once more around the space, fingers twitching, thinking of the painting, the stains on the floor, Ron and Hermione. With a quick turn, he Apparates away. Someone can yell at him for Apparating without a license later if they care. He appears on the lane in front of the Burrow. For a long moment it is silent, the kind of silent that used to dog them on the run, wrapped up tightly in wards and hopelessness. Two more pops in the road behind him chase the feeling away. Together they move up the lane. The gate is hanging off its hinges. Harry forces himself to lift his eyes to the house. It's somehow worse even than Hogwarts. Seeing this lovely, vibrant place empty and broken, and it finally connects in his head. Since Easter, Percy said. Meaning since they were captured at Malfoy Manor and the Weasleys were exposed. Forced to go on the run. All for the crime of helping him. And here, part of that price. The three of them stare at the house for a long moment, taking in the scorch marks and broken windows. Harry takes a step forward, needing to fix this. Bill puts an arm out to stop him. "Wait." Harry looks up at him. "What?" But Bill's attention is on the house, his brow furrowed in concentration. Taking a few steps forward, he pulls his wand, creating a string of complicated spells Harry has never seen before. After a few minutes, Bill lowers his wand. "Those bloody bastards," he mutters. "Left us a few extra gifts." His expression is dark, the scars on his face only seeming to deepen. "Can you break them?" Percy asks. Bill snorts. "I'll