A/N : Here. Have a little ridiculous Harry/Ginny bed sharing trope fic. Inspired by a post on tumblr. I have no idea where these things come from. for a pessimist, i'm pretty optimistic Ginny lets out a sigh, looking at the worn old sofa in the sitting room. Christmas break at the Burrow is always bedlam, but this one is shaping up to be a banner year in barmy, all because of Fleur's insistence on having an engagement party. Seriously, is that even really a thing? "But ze snow will be so beautiful!" Ginny mimics, flipping her hair back over her shoulder. No one is there to appreciate the flawless impersonation, unfortunately. Here she is after all, the first week of January at the Burrow, with all her brothers and Fleur's entire family, not mention Harry and Hermione thrown in for good measure. It will be a relief to go back to Hogwarts next week. What she really deserves is a nice, long sleep in the comfort of her own bloody bed. She glares down at the sofa one last time and then goes to collect sheets and pillows from the linen closet. Dumping them on a nearby chair, she gets to work on converting the sofa. A creak in the hall behind her has Ginny turning to see if Hermione's finally coming down to join her. It's not Hermione. "Harry," she says, quickly taking in his appearance. He's barefoot, already dressed in pajamas, which, considering how late it is, makes sense. "Oh," he says, coming to a stop, clearly not expecting to see her here. He glances back at the stairs as if seriously considering fleeing. Then again, what else is new these days? Ginny feels a flash of annoyance, but forces herself to bite it back. "What are you doing down here?" she asks instead. "Uh," he says, gesturing behind him. "Ron and Hermione are…" She sighs. "Let me guess. Having another row." They've been insufferable ever since Hermione got here. It was almost enough to make Ginny regret inviting her as her particular guest. She just thought it might give them a chance to put this bloody Lavender debacle behind them. This is what she gets for trying to be altruistic. "Actually, no," Harry says. His cheeks are red as he rather studiously looks at anything but her. She frowns. "Then what…" "They're…" He gestures vaguely with his hands. He blows out a breath, his hands dropping to his sides. "Not fighting anymore." "Oh!" Ginny says, and starts laughing, mostly at Harry's clear discomfort. " Finally . Maybe now the rest of us can get some bloody peace." It will be a relief not having to watch Ron mope and Hermione stomp around. Truly a holiday miracle. She eyes Harry. "Though I suppose that leaves you a bit out in the cold." Literally, as it isn't exactly warm down here. She glances at the frost-tinted windows. "Yeah," he says, rubbing at the back of his head. "I told them I was just going to kip out on the sofa." "Well," Ginny says, tugging at the sofa to drag it out into a bed. "I'm afraid I've got dibs." "What's wrong with your room?" he asks, stepping over to help her pull. "Fleur snores." "What?" "Like you wouldn't believe." She shakes her head in disgust. "Even little Gabrielle sounds like a gold-high Niffler." Not exactly what one would expect from the delicate-looking Veelas. "Oh," Harry says. They both look at the pullout bed. "Well, then. I guess I'll take Percy's room. It's empty, right?" "You could do that," she says, flipping out the sheet so it floats down over the mattress. "But it's been booby-trapped within an inch of its life." The loss of a room when the house is packed with people had not gone over well with their mum. But traitorous arsehole brothers deserve what they get, really. Harry lets out a huff of amusement, clearly agreeing with the sentiment, grabbing the other side of the sheet and helping to stretch it over the mattress, tucking it neatly underneath. "Maybe not. I'll crash on the twins' floor then." Ginny spreads out a blanket next. "That cesspit? I'm pretty sure they don't have a floor. Why do you think Bill and Charlie took a room at the Inn? No. If Ron's room is off-limits, unless you want to wake up Mum and Dad and join them, your best bet is to just stay down here." "Here?" he asks. She gestures at the bed. He frowns. "But where would you sleep?" "Uh, there," she says, pointing to other side of the bed. He blinks a couple of time. "I don't understand." For a bright guy, sometimes he's thick as a post. "It's called sharing, Potter. Didn't they teach you that in primary?" His eyes widened, looking utterly horrified. He actually takes a step back away from both her and the bed. "Wait. You mean…" "For Merlin's sake, it's just a bed." It's one thing for him to avoid her, it's another altogether for him to look like being near her is a fate worth than facing Voldemort. If she hadn't spent the last three years getting over him completely and utterly, that may have stung. Which it definitely doesn't. He grabs an extra blanket off the chair. "I'll be fine on the floor." She looks at the hardwood surface in question. "Don't be an idiot. We can't even cast cushioning charms." Being underage really sucks. "The bed is big enough." Which luckily it is—a roomy double-sized mattress, for all that it's rickety and possibly on its last legs. "It's just one night," she points out. "I promise I don't even snore, unlike certain Veelas who shall remain nameless." He glances up the stairs. "But your parents…" "Will never know," she says. "And even if they did, it's not as if it matters. I'm like your little sister, remember?" Or at least that is what she overheard him saying to Demelza and Ritchie during one of their last practices at the end of term. With just the perfect amount of disgust is in his tone as well, but it's possible she was projecting. Harry's mouth opens and closes a couple of times, like he was completely unaware that she overheard that particular conversation. "Right." "Well then, there's no problem, is there?" she says, sitting on the edge of the bed. Gathering her hair up, she wraps an elastic band around the ponytail. It drives her nuts to have her hair tangled around her face at night. "No, of course not," Harry agrees. He sets his glasses on a nearby table, spending another long moment shifting from foot to foot like a gaggle of Death Eaters may appear at any moment. Flipping the blankets back, Ginny slips her feet under the covers, sliding down until she's comfortable. "Get the lights, will you?" He must comply, because a moment later, the room falls completely dark. She can feel the dip of the mattress under his weight. It takes a while for her eyes to adjust to the moonlit room, and when she finally looks, she can see that Harry is stretched out on the furthest edge of the bed, his body completely straight, arms folded over his chest. Rolling her eyes, she turns away from him and curls up on her side, bouncing the bed a little more than is strictly necessary. She assumes after a while he'll probably relax, especially if she pretends to be asleep, but after another fifteen minutes of staring at the wall, the bed still hasn't so much as moved. She rolls over to look at him, and he is in the exact same spot. "You're going to pull something," she says. "I'm perfectly comfortable," he says, which is impressive, considering his jaw looks so tight it should have been impossible to squeeze any words out at all. She sighs. "If I bothered asking, is there any chance you would actually tell me what's going on?" He's been even more broody and close-mouthed than usual. "Nothing is going on, Ginny," he says, voice heavy with long-suffering. That's what she thought. They lie there in silence for another long while before Ginny loses her temper. She curses. "Fine," she says, flipping the covers back. " I'll go sleep on Mum and Dad's floor." "What?" Harry says, sitting up. "Then maybe you can actually unwind enough to get some sleep. And I won't be kept awake by the sound of your ridiculousness." He reaches out for her arm. "Ginny, wait." Only the moment his hand touches her, the ancient bed lets out an ominous groan and starts to lose its battle with gravity. "What the—" Harry says, as the middle of the bed droops towards the floor. It doesn't stop there though, the entire mattress seeming to fold in on itself in one swift movement. Ginny lets out a squeak of alarm as she gets launched sideways, smacking straight into Harry. It's a wild tangle of limbs and bodies, something hard connecting with her nose as the bed violently gives way. "Fuck," Ginny says, her eyes watering. Harry ends up half-sprawled on top of her, the bed folded in a V-shape with them firmly stuck in the middle. "Christ," he says. "Are you okay?" "Ugh, I'm fine," she says, detangling her arms enough to press a hand to her face. "My nose isn't bleeding is it?" He touches her face, turning her head to the side to inspect the damage. "No." "Oh, good. Just a concussion then," she tries to joke, completely forgetting Harry's inability to take a joke when he's worried. He frowns down at her. "Really?" "No, not really," she says, blinking the tears away from her eyes. "Go ahead, ask me anything." "Like what? What year is it?" "Sure," she says. "It's fifty years past when this bloody death trap of a sofa should have been incinerated." "That is the correct answer," he says, voice wry, and Ginny tries not to think how ridiculous it is that now he's acting more like himself. She attempts to take stock of their situation, wincing at the uncomfortable press of a spring against her back. Harry doesn't seem have realized quite yet that his leg is wedged between hers, his stomach flush against her hip. She may have noticed. "Um, Harry?" "Yeah?" Her hand is resting on his bicep, her fingers squeezing slightly. How dare he, really. "No offense, but you're not exactly light." "Oh, shite, sorry," he says, immediately moving to get up. He tries to push himself up and off her, but the bed shifts again and he loses his balance. In the scramble not to knock heads, he places his hand somewhere rather unexpected to both of them. He lets out a strangled yelp that under any other circumstance she would mercilessly mock him for, and simultaneously snatches his hand back. "God, I'm sorry!" This is not at all how she ever imagined getting to second base with Harry Potter. Not that she has ever imagined it. The bed lets out another groan as Harry tries to scramble away from her, shuddering ominously. It's like the more he moves the tighter it gets, like bloody Devil's Snare. "Just stop," Ginny says, feeling her face flush horridly and, Merlin, why is this her life? Harry freezes, hand immobile in mid-air, the other still trapped under her back. "Bugger, bugger, bugger," she says, like that may somehow help. She blows out a breath, shoving her hair back impatiently from her face. "We need to be smart about this." "Okay," he says, voice tight. Only thinking straight is kind of hard to do when she's having a hard time breathing properly. "I'm lighter, right?" she says. "Yes," he draws out warily. "So," she decides. "I should be on top." Harry makes a strangled sound that she chooses to take as his agreement. She shifts to the side, but