Summary: What if Bella had existed in 1918? What if she had two brothers who went off to war? What if she fell in love with Edward then? What would happen when Edward caught the Spanish Influenza? What would have happened in 1918? Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or the characters. Those all belong Stephanie Meyer. Chapter One The sky was dark yet filled with the bright lights that the stars can create. Each star had its own individual light illuminating the night's sky. No much was spotted in my eye until I reached the urban areas, the cities. Street lights lead the way to my destination in the large city of Chicago. The year as of now is 1917. We just joined the war on the side of the Allies. The horrors of the war were everywhere. Many people had been dying and even before we joined the war the Lusitania was sunk and killed over 100 people. Now we are at war and men are joining the armies. I could only hope that when I came home my family is still intact. My father is a Chicago policeman by the name of Charlie Swan, who had married my mother Renee. I love my mother. We got along well and only had a disagreement on a few occasions. One of the occasions was when my parents sent me away to a school far away to learn how to be a lady and proper etiquette. Leaving my home of Chicago was hard because I am not fond of leaving my family, specifically my brothers. I have two brothers, Jason and Jasper. I hadn't seen either of them since the day I left when I was thirteen. Letters were written between the two locations. The friends I made in the school were nice enough but I still missed my family. I missed my brothers' fighting over nothing. Jasper is my eldest brother. He is three years older than me and I absolutely adore and admire him. Jazz is very charismatic, intelligent, and considerate. He listens to all my problems. We relate on an intellectual level mostly. The two of us have always loved the classics and we enjoy nothing more than to try and prove which of us is smarter. Sadly, Jazz wins most of those contests. Jason is my other older brother. He is now eighteen years old and is very sweet, overprotective, and strong, both physically and mentally. Jase will never let anything happen to me and loves protecting me. Apparently it is his job as the older brother to protect me. He was a slightly bigger teen than most at the age fourteen. Jase worked on his muscles frequently. Honestly that's one of the things I'm really curious about, how big he is now. But I have no doubt in my mind that he will still be the Jason I love. My brothers and I have always been close. I don't know what I would do without them. I do know that my life would just not be the same. Sadly though, both of them want to go and help out in the war and I have no idea how much more time I really have with them. The transport stopped in front of a big, Victorian, home with two floors. The gardens were in the front yard gated off. I walked into the yard closing the white gate behind me. I knew this place. I used to help Mother plant flowers like the white tulips that were planted into the soil in the gated space. I gazed at the beautiful flowers and walked through the unlocked white door. I walked into the living room to see a blonde man with blue eyes. I knew those blue eyes anywhere. The sea blue eyes stared and widened as they met mine. The man's cheeks lifted in a large grin. He ran over to me and hugged me tightly. "I missed you, Bells. Welcome home." greeted the man, not pulling away from me. "I missed you too, Jazz. I'm glad to finally be home. I missed our contests and Jase's incessant complaints and needs to pick fights with you." I replied. Jasper chuckled. We pulled away and took a good look at each other. "You look beautiful, Bells. Jase and I might need to walk you everywhere. You're not going to be allowed to leave the house without an escort not that a woman should walk without an escort. Now we really need to keep an eye out for you." said Jasper. I rolled my eyes at his protective comments but blushed at his compliment. Only my brothers, I thought. They were the only ones who would say these things to me jokingly but actually mean them. "Did I hear someone say 'Bells'?" yelled my other brother, Jason, stomping on the stairs hard and fast making his way into the living room. A man then came in with brown eyes and dark brown curls like mine, only shorter. His eyes searched the room until he found mine. He grinned and pulled me into a large, crushing, embrace. Dang, he got strong, I thought to myself while in his tight hold. "I missed you, Bellsy! I'm glad you're home! Jasper is no fun anymore!" said Jason excitedly. I looked to Jasper and saw him roll his eyes at the comment directed to him. I smiled. I missed this. "I missed you too, Jase. I am glad to see you and Jasper. I missed the both of you. Have you been a good boy?" I asked teasingly knowing the answer already. Jason and I pulled apart and he hesitated before giving me an answer. "Yep! I've been good. Aren't I always?" countered Jase. I looked at Jasper who shook his head at mine and Jason's questions. I giggled. Jase turned around and glared at Jasper. Jazz laughed at the glare. Next thing that happened was nothing out of the normal. Jason tackled him to the ground and started wrestling with him. They will never learn or mature will they, I wondered, shaking my head at the two children on the floor. Sometimes it's like they're both five years old and have got nothing better to do than pick fights. "Hey! Jason! Jasper! Knock it off! This is not acting like gentlemen!" yelled my mother coming into the room. Her brown hair was tied into a bun and she was wearing a black dress. I took a look at Jason and Jasper, who had gotten off the floor, to find them wearing formal shirts and pants, both looking like they're going to a fancy party or something. My mother stopped yelling at my brothers when her eyes suddenly fell on me. She pulled me into a hug. "Hello Isabella darling. We need to get you ready. We're all going out to a dance tonight sponsored by the Masens. You need to put on a nice dress. Why don't you come with me and I'll get you ready?" greeted my mother, already dragging me up the stairs to my old room which seemed to have been redecorated for my return. Mother sat me down and gave me long dark blue dress to wear. I quickly changed and put on the blue dress of my mother's choosing before being ordered back into the chair. She asked about my adventures at my finishing school which lacked just that, adventures. Mother finally stopped working on placing make-up on my face and gave me earrings and black high-heels to go with the dress. I told her it wasn't going to be a good idea but she dismissed my concern and took me down the stairs. I saw my father and brothers on the bottom of the stairs dressed in full black suits. My father, who also had brown hair and brown eyes (we don't know exactly how Jazz inherited blonde hair), smiled at me and pulled me into a tight hug. "It's great to see you, Isabella. You look beautiful." complimented Father smiling at me. He looks at my mother with love and adoration. "Shall we go?" he asked. My mother took his arm and headed out the door. I walked carefully down the stairs trying not to trip. My brothers grabbed one of my arms each. We walked arms locked outside when Jase had to make his comment. "Bells, are those shoes safe to wear? You kind of are a klutz if you seem to forget. Did you hit your head so hard falling, that you lost your memory of that little detail?" joked Jase, poking fun at my lack of balance. I glared at him. He laughed while Jazz softly chuckled. "If you two must know Mother is forcing me to wear these death traps. I told her it was a bad idea but she didn't care." I snarled at my two annoying brothers who just kept on laughing somehow finding it funny. We'll see if they find it funny when I cause them to trip too. Who'll be laughing then? I thought before adding, everyone but the three of us. Time had passed on the ride to the party. We finally got out of the transport after fifteen minutes of riding the streets of Chicago. Jase and Jasper locked their arms with mine again keeping me steady. The transport had pulled up to a large ballroom. We went in and saw all the wooden floors, the stage with a white backdrop behind a microphone, obviously there for the orchestra. The windows were rounded at the top and had wooden bars crossing in the middle. These were everywhere around the room. Grand chandeliers were hanging from the ceilings. Tables were scattered around but there was enough space left on the actual dance floor so people could dance the night away. Jase and Jasper led me over to a table while our parents went dancing. I looked around, trying to find familiar faces that I may have known before leaving Chicago. Recognition did not hit me when glancing at anyone in this room. That was disappointing. Jason, Jazz, and I talked for about twenty minutes. That's when I saw two ladies coming our way; one was slim, blonde and had blue eyes, while the other had a dark red hair and brown eyes. They looked at Jason and Jazz. "Would you two like to come and dance with us?" asked the blonde. Jase and Jasper looked at me for the okay. I nodded telling them I'd be fine. They got up and took the two ladies arms. I sat at the table alone, not really enjoying myself. I stared at my brothers and the girls they were dancing with and watched them move to the beat of the music. "Do you mind if I sat with you?" asked a velvety voice. I tore my eyesight from the dance floor to find a young man about my age talking to me. His hair was a messy bronze color. His cheekbones were set just right. The eyes of this man were a shade of perfect green emeralds both sparkling like jewels. His skin was an ivory color like mine was. He looked like some Greek God. He was an Adonis like teenager. He couldn't have been that much younger or older than me if we weren't the same age. The clothes he was wearing was a suit like my brothers had been wearing, but it seemed to make him look better than they did. Don't get me wrong. My brothers are very sought after by girls. I noticed that when I came in and they both looked handsome in their individual suits but this man seemed to pull it off better. The man's lips formed a crooked smile that sent my heart into a frenzy. Unable to speak, I nodded. He took the seat next to me and looked at with his sparkling eyes. "My name is Edward