AN: I couldn't fit it into the summary, but this story could be categorized as Romance/Mystery/Supernatural/Angst. Very AU. Rated M for very graphic language and adult content. However, this is NOT a porn without a plot. Not that there's anything wrong with that. :) IN THE WOODS CHAPTER 1 "What the fuck do you want?" This can't be right. I glance down quickly at the address written in Esme's looping script confirming that yes, this is my editor's vacation house. It's everything she said it would be; charming, quiet, secluded, perched atop a mountainside with breathtaking views. The perfect place for me to get over my severe case of writer's block and finally finish my novel that was due oh...six months ago. She made no mention of any irritable, possibly homicidal, neighbors. The over six-foot-tall bearded mountain man that is looming over me looks absolutely furious, like he could shoot me right now and then feed me to his pet grizzly bear for supper. I'm eyeing the shot gun he's casually holding in his left hand and debating my next move. I wonder if it's loaded? I guess I'm taking too long to answer because the mountain man says, "Whatever. I don't care," and stalks to the front door, abruptly slamming it in my face. I whip out my phone to call Esme and see if she is aware of any crazy people squatting in her cabin. Crap. No bars. I saw no other houses on my way up here and it's an nine mile hike back to civilization. I sigh and raise my fist to knock again. Silence. I wait a few minutes and rap loudly, three more times. Still no response. I find the keys Esme gave me and am just fitting it into the lock when the door swings open. "Why are you still here?" Mountain man asks, sounding bored. He doesn't look like he wants to kill me anymore. He glances down at my keys, eyes narrowing. "How the fuck did you get keys to my house?" He grabs my wrist and tries to wrestle the keys from my hand. "Don't touch me!" I shriek just like they taught me in my YMCA self-defense class. I scramble to remember the handy acronym that they teach. KISS? KYP? No. Not so handy when I can't remember it when I need it most. In the time that it takes me to remember that stupid acronym, Mountain Man could have made off with my purse and my V-Card. If I still had it, that is. SING! That's it. Stomach, instep, nose, groin. I go into a defensive stance, and with all my might, hit my would-be attcker in the stomach. It's like hitting a wall. Instep is next. What the hell am I supposed to do here? I kick at his foot, which does exactly what I expect, absolutely nothing. I raise my fist to hit him in the nose but he easily dodges my fist. My attacker is not intimidated in the slightest, rather, he seems vaguely amused. I am as ineffectual as a newborn puppy. I raise my knee to hit him in the groin. He backs away from me with hands up in the air. Apparently, the element of surprise is not in my arsenal of weapons. "Are you done?" "Yes." For now. "Fuck lady, I wasn't going to hurt you. I just want to know who you are and why you have my keys?" "Esme Cullen gave them to me. She said I could stay here for the winter." Realization dawns on his face, soon replaced by irritation. "Esme fucking Cullen," he mutters, running his hands angrily through his reddish-brown hair. He's still cussing under his breath but decides to ignore me again, walking into the house and stomping up the stairs. I'm not quite sure what just took place so I pick up my bags and follow him inside. The cabin is gorgeous. Beautiful hardwoods and high ceilings with exposed beams. The decor is rustic, but not in a tacky dead animals everywhere kind of way. Tall windows line the entire back wall if the house, breathtaking views of the forest surrounding us. The living room is dominated by a large fireplace, with an artfully stacked pile of firewood beside it. It would be absolutely perfect, if not for the crazy man upstairs. I can hear him ranting and raving, coming down the stairs yelling into an enormous satellite phone. "What the fuck Esme? How are you going to tell some random girl that she can stay in my house?" He's looking directly at me and not even bothering to hide his disgust. What an ass. I roll my eyes at him. "Yeah, she's here. I don't give a shit if she hears me." He shoves the phone at me and stalks off to the kitchen. "Hello?" "Bella honey are you alright?" "I'm fine Esme." "I am so so sorry! I had no idea Edward was back, he never tells us anything. If I had known I would have never sent you up there alone to deal with him." The name rings a bell, I vaguely remember a conversation about Esme's "rather difficult" stepson. I can see now she was being rather generous in her assessment. She sounds so distraught I can't really be mad at her. I turn my anger to a much more convenient target. The "rather difficult" Edward is now sitting across from me nursing a tumbler of whiskey, still glaring daggers. "Esme it's fine. It was an honest mistake, you just didn't know." "Oh Bells, I'm so sorry." "It's okay. Seriously. I'll just walk back to town and stay at a hotel for the night and catch the next bus out of here. I'll be fine." I glance out the window at the sun hanging low in the sky. Hopefully if I leave now and hike back quickly, I'll find a room before dark. Maybe the asshole sitting next to me will lend me a flashlight. Probably not. Esme is suspiciously silent on the other end. "Hello? Esme?" "There aren't any hotels?" "I'm sorry? What did you say?" "There are no hotels in town." "That's okay. I'll be fine with a motel or a bed and breakfast or something. I don't need anything fancy, it's just for one night." "I'm sorry honey. What I'm saying is there aren't any hotels or bed and breakfasts, nothing around for miles..." Of course there aren't any hotels, why would there be? Her words are just starting to sink in, the panic beginning to rise in my throat. I raise my gaze to look at Edward who's still wearing that same perpetually annoyed expression. "It's just one night Bella, I'm really sorry. Please let me talk to Edward." I pass the phone to him. He regards me as Esme speaks to him, coolly eyeing my body up and down and not making any attempt at subtlety. I glare back at him, wrapping my arms protectively around myself. "I heard. No, it isn't okay." I can't hear exactly what she's saying but Esme's tone is getting increasingly more hysterical. Edward wears a pained expression as he holds the phone away from his ear. "Okay! Just stop! She can stay the night." Edward runs his fingers through his messy locks. This dude is seriously hairy. Between that mop on his head and that crazy beard, he's giving off a major caveman vibe. He's much calmer, it's as if a switch has been flipped. "Yeah, yeah. I know. Okay Esme, I love you too. She's right here." I eye him warily as he hands me the phone. "Bella sweetie, If Edward gives you any trouble, feel free to smack him for me, okay? " Esme apologizes for the mix-up a dozen more times before letting me go. It's too quiet when I hang up the phone. He says nothing, just picks up my bags and heads up the stairs, motioning for me to follow. He leads me down a narrow hallway to the last door on the left. Edward places my bags on the ground in front of what presumably is my room and then walks away without another word. It's just one night. How bad could it be? Now that the mountain man has a name and I've determined that he probably isn't going to kill me, I wonder if it's safe for me to investigate the delicious aroma coming from downstairs. I haven't eaten in hours and after a long travel day I'm absolutely famished. I've killed some time showering, but it's way too early for bed. A low angry rumble from my empty belly makes the decision for me. Edward has his back to me, ladling something into a bowl. What should I say to him? Hello asshole, sorry to be such a nuisance? Feed me before I pass out? He walks over to the dining table with two bowls. He sets one closest to where I am hesitating in the doorway, then sits down and tucks into his own meal. It smells amazing. It tastes even better. After that first bite passes my lips, I let out an involuntary moan of pleasure. I pray that he didn't hear that slip out, but the smirk on his face says otherwise. "Oh be quiet," I spit out, my cheeks on fire. "I didn't say anything." He chuckles softly to himself. I decide to ignore him and focus on the unbelievable bowl of food in front of me. He may be a rude jerk, but a rude jerk that clearly knows his way around a kitchen. It's gone in an embarrassingly short amount of time. Edward picks up my bowl and refills it without another word. After dinner he pours himself another glass of whiskey and without asking does the same for me. I eye the dark amber liquid in my glass before taking a tentative sip. It burns my throat and tastes of wood, smoke, and leather. The only sound is the fire crackling and the wind through the trees. The whiskey warms my belly and I relax a bit, sinking deeper in my chair. It's oddly comfortable sitting here in silence with this rude, hairy stranger. "Why are you here?" His green eyes fixed on me, but the words aren't said in an antagonistic way. "I'm working on my novel, and Esme knew I needed a quiet place to stay." "You can't write in your own house?" No, I can't write in my own house, nor anywhere else for that matter. I don't know how deeply I want to delve into this. I settle for vague. "It's...complicated. I'm kind of... between residences at the moment. Look, I'm sorry to disturb you like this. If I knew this house was occupied, I never would have come here. I know its probably a big pain in the ass having me here." Edward's still looking at me, his expression inscrutable. I keep waiting for some kind of response, but apparently none is forthcoming. He shifts his eyes back to the fireplace, mulling over my words. Edward has been silent for a long time. I glance over to check if he's still awake. We lock eyes for a moment and I quickly look away. "You really have no place to go?" he asks in a low voice. I can't bring myself to say it out loud, so I just shake my head. Again he says nothing but I'm relieved. I don't feel like answering any more questions. Edward leans over and refills my glass once again, and then tops off his own. By the time I reach the bottom of my glass, the fire has died down and my eyelids are beginning to droop. Edward rises and announces, "I'm going to bed." I follow him up the stairs and as we head to our respective rooms, he says quietly, "Bella Swan, you can stay as long as you