Disclaimer: Don't own them, well, I'll take Miranda, the Goddess of love. A/N: Harry Hermione story. Mild Ron, Ginny and Dumbledore bashing (remember that anything less than my Champion's story is mild.) Time Travel Fic. I would like to thank Mommalminer who is taking the time to correct my abuse of the English language. The revised chapters are being posted as they are completed. Chapter 1 Harry Potter awoke with a start, unsure where or, even when, it was. Slowly opening his eyes, he could just make out the fuzzy outline of a bed and room he hadn't slept in almost a year, but knew very well. As he continued to fight off the sluggish sleepy feeling that still permeated his body, the memories of the last couple of days came back to him. Gringotts bank where they had stolen Hufflepuff's Cup from Bellatrix's vault and had escaped on a dragon, the near capture in Hogsmeade, the passage to the Room of Requirement, the reinforcements showing up, the desperate search for the last Horcrux, the battle, the walk into the Forbidden Forest, Voldemort casting the killing curse, the talk with Dumbledore, and the final showdown with the Riddle. It all came back to Harry. Voldemort was dead. He was free, finally. Then he remembered the bodies lying in death he had seen. The faces of Remus, Tonks, Fred, Dobby, Hedwig, Dumbledore and even little Colin Creevey swam in front of his face, and a wave of guilt swept over Harry. "Why am I alive and so many people dead?" He sighed. As Harry continued to lament over the deaths of so many of his friends, he finally realized someone was tapping lightly on the door. Harry recognized that it must have been that noise that had awoken him. He wasn't sure if he was ready to talk to anyone yet, but then he heard a voice calling quietly, "Harry, it's me. Are you awake?" The voice was like the sun on a cloudy day as it pierced Harry's gloom. The thought of the voice's owner, Hermione Granger, brought a small smile to his face. "Yes, you can come in," Harry called as he reached for his glasses. It was only as the covers shifted that he remembered that he hadn't had any pajamas to put on the previous night, and didn't want to ask any house elves to help since they had been fighting as well. After Harry had showered, he had gone to bed wearing nothing. He quickly pulled the covers up higher as Hermione made her way to his bedside and sat down next to hm. "Hello, Harry," Hermione said looking at one of her two best friends. "How are you feeling?" "Happy, sad, tired…I don't really know," Harry replied honestly. "Too much, too fast, I guess." "Yes, I know what you mean," She said. "I can't believe it's finally over." "Have you been downstairs yet?" "A little bit ago," Hermione replied. "It's strange. People want to celebrate, but with all the deaths it just doesn't seem right." "Did you see the Weasleys?" Harry asked. Hermione nodded. "They were just getting ready to take Fr… to go back to the Burrow." The remembrance of Fred Weasley dying the night before flashed into Harry's mind, and he had to choke back the wetness that tried to invade his eyes. The thought of Fred brought his mind to their other friend. "Ron's going with them?" Hermione nodded again. "And Ginny is too, though she wanted to come up and say good bye to you." "I'll see her soon enough...just not ready yet," Harry replied as he remembered passing Ginny on his way to meet Voldemort. "I'm sure she'll understand," Hermione replied. Harry remembered something from the previous evening. "So you and Ron?" "I guess...maybe," Hermione said hesitantly. She then blushed and looked away as she continued, "He asked me to be his girlfriend this morning." "And?" Harry asked. "You know he likes you." "I know. It's…it's…well," Hermione started and her blush deepened. "I really shouldn't bother you," She got up from the bed. "It's really not that important. I'll see you downstairs soon?" Harry's hand shot out from his side and grabbed her wrist as she turned. "What is it Hermione? What's bothering you? You know there's nothing you can't talk to me about," Harry said as his emerald green eyes bore into Hermione's almond ones. "We've been through too much over too long of a time." "Not this...not now. It's...it's personal and it concerns...well, never mind," Hermione replied. "Let's talk about something else." "Hermione, please?" Harry begged. Hermione hesitated for a couple of seconds, but then sat back down on the bed. "You tell me something personal first then, Harry. Are you getting back with Ginny?" Harry thoughts returned to the youngest Weasley. Again he remembered his solitary walk toward the forest, and passing her in the dark as he went to face Voldemort; he remembered thinking of her as Voldemort cast the killing curse, and remembered her fighting Bellatrix with Hermione and Luna's help, but this morning something was different. "I don't know," He answered truthfully. "So right now she isn't your girlfriend?" Hermione asked with a questioning look in her eyes. "I guess not. Well, technically speaking," Harry answered trying to figure out where this was going. "Then I want a single favor from you, Harry," Hermione said. "You know I'd do anything for you, Hermione." "This you might have a problem with, so I want you to promise me you'll do it before I tell you what it is." Harry knew Hermione had saved his life more times than he could count in the last year. That they had escaped from the wedding, from Bathilda Bagshot's home, and the Lovegood's home all were because of her. Over the last seven years, the trust they had built was beyond measure. Looking at his friend, he nodded. "No, Harry, I want you to tell me that you'll do it," Hermione insisted. "Okay, Hermione. Whatever favor you request, if it is in my power to grant, I shall," Harry agreed. Hermione gave a small smile, but still hesitated. Finally, she continued. "First you have to promise not to laugh at me." "I would never laugh at you, Hermione. I'm not…" Harry was about to say Ron, but realized insulting her boyfriend might not be the best choice of words. "OK, here goes, then," She took a deep breath before continuing. "I've had a particular dream ever so often since our first year," Hermione started as her cheeks reddened. "It's…well it's me being kissed by someone." "Well, Ron kissed you last night, or I should say you kissed him." "Shh…let me finish, this is hard to do, Harry," Hermione replied as her cheeks reddened. "And, yes, I know I kissed Ron last night, and that's some of the problem," She paused for a second as she took another breath. "You see, in my dream, the kiss is a magical kiss. You know, like the ones you read about in fairy tales, where the couple is lost in the kiss as a golden glow surround them." "Sounds...interesting," Harry said hesitantly. "But what does this have to do with me?" Hermione looked at the scarlet curtains for a second then she sighed and her eyes found Harry's again. "When I kissed Ron yesterday, it wasn't magical, there was nothing; no feelings, no magic...nothing. It was just two pairs of lips pressed together, and frankly, his breath stunk." "Again what does this have to do with me?" Harry asked, as they were treading into a subject he wasn't comfortable talking about. "I...I had that dream again last night," Hermione explained. "Always before, I never could see who was kissing me, but last night…well, last night I saw him; I saw who it was." "And?" Hermione bit her lower lip for a second as she mentally braced herself. Finally she continued. "It was you, Harry," Hermione held up her hand as Harry started to protest. "I know, Harry, it was a dream. But this dream...it's always been so real that I thought... I thought it would really happen someday." "And?" "I…I want you to kiss me. That's my favor, that's all I ask for." "But..." "I need this, Harry. I can't be with Ron with that dream hanging in my subconscious," Hermione exclaimed. "Kiss me, and prove to me the dream is nothing but that, a dream. Kiss me once, like you kiss Ginny. I promise, it will not affect our friendship." Harry started to object, but he could see the look in Hermione's eyes, and he knew he'd promised her. "Are you really sure?" "Please, Harry. I...I wouldn't ask if I didn't need to know." "When do you want to do this?" "I...I thought now," Hermione replied. "Right now?" Harry asked incredulously. "It might be our only chance. Once we go downstairs, we're going to be surrounded by well-wishers and reporters. I doubt we'll get another chance to be alone for a while, and I owe Ron an answer soon." Harry could only stare at his friend. Finally he nodded. ""Okay, but I need to go brush my teeth first. If I'm going to kiss you, I don't want my breath to stink." The last he said with a small smile. "Oh, thank you, Harry," Hermione exclaimed as she threw her arms around Harry and pulled him into hug. She then sat back up and looked at her friend. "I'm sorry if you're uncomfortable doing this. I know I'm not anywhere close to being as pretty as Ginny or Cho, but…" she didn't get to finish her statement as Harry's finger found her lips to silence her. "Hermione, you are absolutely as beautiful as Ginny, and in some ways even more beautiful," Harry replied. Hermione blushed, "Thanks, Harry, but you don't have to say that. I know I'm pretty plain." Harry smiled at his friend. "I'm not just saying that, Hermione. I think my jaw is still loose from how far it dropped seeing you at the Yule Ball," It was the only bright spot of a very disastrous evening in their fourth year. "Ron will be very lucky indeed to have you." "Thank you, Harry. Ginny is very lucky as well," Hermione said. As her eyes continued to be focused on Harry. a small voice in the back of her mind couldn't help but ask. " Does he really think I'm pretty ?" "Well let's get this over with. I'll run brush my teeth and be right back," Harry said. "I guess I should go downstairs sometime." "Okay, Harry," Hermione replied as she continued to look at her best friend. "Uh...Hermione I, well I didn't have any bed clothes last night, and, well…" Harry stammered. Hermione was still thinking about the compliments Harry had said to her, and it took a few seconds for his words filtered in. "Oh…then you're…" Hermione looked at Harry's bare chest and realized that it was more than his chest that was bare under the covers. "Yeah, starkers." She stared at him a few more seconds, her cheeks blazing red before her mind reengaged. "Oh, here," She reached into her beaded bag she had carried all over the country in the last year and pulled out a set of clothes for him. "I'll step outside for a couple of minutes." Five minutes later, the two of them were back sitting on Harry's bed facing each other. "Are you really sure you want to do this?" Harry asked again, sighing heavily. "Yes, Harry. Just one kiss and we go back to being best friends and get on with our lives." "Okay, well here goes," Harry saw Hermione's eyes close as he leaned closer to her. He hesitated briefly when his lips were only an inch away from hers, but then he closed final distance. As their lips touched a pure sound seemed to emerge from the very air