Chapter Title: Crackling Fire Author: Avatar Robyn Pairing/Characters: Katniss, Glimmer. Rating: PG-13 Summary: Katniss finds someone unexpected in the forest. Disclaimer: Not mine. Crackling Fire I walk quietly following the river while keeping my eyes on the surrounding area, my ears strained for any sounds of sudden movement. At the moment I can't afford to be taken by surprise by an animal or a fellow tribute – one would help fill my aching stomach and the other could mean sudden death. No, they both could with those mutts. Muttation is the proper term for them, genetically alerted, bred or somehow engineered animals by the Capitol. They had been around long before the Games even started in the form of the jabberjays but even though the birds had ultimately failed in their use, the project didn't seem to have been written off. I remember the first time I'd seen one, never in real life but in a previous game. It was Prim that pointed it out, a small furry woodland creature that kind of looked like a rabbit. At first glance it seemed harmless – it even looked good to provide food enough for two. But that thought was lost when a tribute came across it, a lanky boy most likely in his late teens. He was a Career, one of the more arrogant I've seen, since he had a habit of boasting to his group about all of his kills. He had even went as far as saying that he wanted more of a challenge since that year's game was "too easy" for him. The moment he saw the creature, he had that twisted smirk on his face, and I knew he was going to kill it but for an entirely different reason then my own would have been. The thing was, he never did get a chance to strike. As soon as he stepped close enough to it, the thing changed – its beady little eyes turned red, smooth fur became spiky and ridged, and its teeth came out like small daggers. Before the boy could even register what happened, the thing jumped on him and attacked. A horrific mixture of gargling screams and tearing flesh filled the area; it was almost impossible to watch. But I couldn't turn away, even as he fell on his back with his hands digging into fur, desperately trying to rip the creature from his face. It had taken awhile until his cannon finally sounded and the creature abandoned his body to dart away back into the forest. The camera lingered on his body showing it from the feet up most likely trying to draw some sort of suspense but when it reached his face, I wished they hadn't at all. The little bit of food I had eaten that day nearly made a reappearance on sight. Through all the blood, you could still make out his skin that had been butchered; the little that was left looked as though it had been peeled like an orange. His mouth and nose were torn into wide open gashes, and blood still seeped out of each incision. But the worst part was his eyes. Even if he had survived from all of that he wouldn't have lived for long considering his eyes that had once held a sense of taunting and bloodlust for anyone that looked into them were gone. The only things in the sockets were blood and the remains. That night and a few days following it, Prim had slept in my bed because she kept having nightmares of furry creatures that would attack her at any minute. She had even kept her distance from Buttercup for a bit until the damn cat started meowing at her pathetically with those demonic large yellow eyes. My sister had quickly melted and cuddled the furry beast overcoming her fear. At that time, I had wished she wouldn't have gotten over her fear so I could have thrown the furball out. Now, I know he's doing what I can't at the moment providing protection and comfort. The ugly thing is probably following her around everywhere she goes, much like he had the first few weeks when she had found him and healed him. If by some miracle I do make it out of here, I might just start being nice to the little monster. The rustling of the bushes off to the side of me brings my attention back to the present. I clench the warm handle of the knife harder in my hand, holding still while ignoring the shiver going through my body. After a few moments, a rabbit hops out and sits there cleaning its face. It does nothing to soothe me since the image of the disfigured face flashes in my mind. I keep my eyes on it waiting for any signs of change while it goes to the river and drinks. Its ears twitching this way and that listening for any sudden change. Suddenly I feel foolish for just standing there; it is obvious that this rabbit isn't the same the cocky boy had encountered. It doesn't seem to have the same feeling about it, even through the screen; I'd known something had been off with the creature even while Prim cooed at the thing. But then again, I knew something would have happened to him eventually. He had been self-centered and arrogant but it had worked for the most part –the crowd had loved him, if the amount of parachutes he received were anything to judge by. He probably would have won if he hadn't openly insulted the Gamemakers and therefore the Capitol. But I hadn't done anything to them, expect the arrow thing. Will they get me back for that even if it wasn't in public? Before I can make an attempt to consider this, the rabbit jerks up and looks straight at me. My body tenses for a moment but relaxes when the rabbit turns around and starts hopping away. For a minute, I'm watching it scurry off into the undergrowth until I practically hear Gale's voice shouting at me for just standing there. I start sprinting after it into the forest, dodging the trees all the, while keeping my eyes focused on my target that begins speeding up knowing that it was in danger. Gripping the knife tightly I find myself wishing for a bow and arrow instead, but if the incident on the train has shown me anything it was that I had developed some skill at throwing knives, I guess running out of arrows while I had been hunting had paid off. I wait for the right moment and it comes soon enough when the rabbit hops out of the concealing bushes and towards a hole at the base of the tree. I hurl the knife, watching with bated breath as it cuts through the air before lodging itself in the neck of the rabbit just as its front paws reached the warren. It falls to the ground, jerking a bit with its dying breath before going limp, but my eyes stayed on the hole. It had almost made it home and I killed it, just like that. A wave of acknowledgment hits me – that could be me, at any given moment. I try to force it away, moving forward to collect the dead rabbit. I turn to head back to the river when something catches my eye an arrow. An arrow is lodged into the tree; it isn't deep, the arrowhead only buried in by the tip. I could easily dig it out, but what purpose would it have if I didn't have a bow? I briefly wonder if Rue, the little girl from District 11, might be able to tangle some vines and leaves together into one. Although even if she could, I doubt she'd willingly help a potential enemy create a weapon of all things. At the thought of an enemy, my eyes widen. Most of the tributes had been slaughtered at the bloodbath by the Careers. They are the ones that get the supplies in the end, which included weapons. The bow and arrows I had tried to get before taking shelter in the woods. They most likely belong to one of them now, so that could only mean one thing. The Careers are nearby. My heartbeat accelerates at the thought of a possible threat and my body freezes as I strain to listen for any signs of movement or voices; anything to tell me which way they are or which direction they are heading. Nothing, I don't hear anything, expect, the river and chips of the birds. Still on alert, I move as quietly as I can way from the river. If they were still lurking around, they would most likely follow it to keep a source of water nearby at all times. The only years a non-Career had won were when food and water had been an issue, which is why they usually took any source available right from the beginning. I walk aimlessly not caring which way I go as long as it wasn't into one of them. Its nearing afternoon by the time I can no longer fight against my hunger. I decide to build a fire to cook the rabbit, using a bit of water from my container to clean it. Once the meat is cooking, I sit back and stare into the flames. I wonder what they are doing Prim, Mom and Gale. Is Prim okay? Did Mom fall back into her depressed state? Is Gale taking care of them? I know he is, but is he taking care of himself? I feel a wave of guilt at the fact that not only does he have to take care of his own family, he has to find a way to make sure mine is fed too. But then again, the baker said he'd help too but would he if I turn out to be the one to kills his son in cold blood? I doubt it. Before I can think anymore about it, the rabbit meat is cooked and I start to eat. I only eat a little in order to keep the rest for later. Deciding to get ready for the night, I put out the fire, cover up the evidence, and begin walking again to find somewhere to sleep for the night. It isn't long before I spot a place; a tree with branches large enough to hold at least two people. I make my way to it but just as my hand touches the bark, I hear a voice. "Is that really where you've been hiding? The trees?" a husky female voice asks from behind me. I stop instantly, cursing softly to myself while my fingers reach for the knife that was now attached to my belt. The owner of the voice chuckles clearly amused. "You should really pay attention to your surroundings. Don't worry; I'm not in any shape to be a threat." I whirl around only to find no one standing behind me, but instead slumped against a tree a few yards away. My eyes narrow at the tribute a girl with blonde hair hunched over with her hand covering her stomach, but I can see the blood still seeping out. It doesn't look like she is going to make it. "Pretty gruesome, huh?" she asks. An amused look is on her paling face but, her emerald green eyes tell a different story. Wait! I felt my eyebrows furrow as my mind brings up images of my memory. Emerald green eyes, blonde hair, tall and lush… Glimmer! I step back towards the tree, my hand already positioned to throw the knife at any given moment. My eyes flicker around the area waiting for the rest of the Careers to spring out of whatever hiding place they are located while questions keep firing off in my head. Where are the others?