A/N: Hey guys! Hope you enjoy my new story. I'm hoping to really get into this one, I love the character I created and who doesn't love Paul? Thanks for reading and please review! Reviews will always prompt me to update more often and with better, more inspired content! Love you all and hope you enjoy! DISCLAIMER: I unfortunately don't own twilight or any of the wolf pack. I do, however, like to make them do fun things! Hehe. All credit goes to SM. I clutch my purse nervously and quickly open the door to the tattoo shop before I can chicken out. "Hey, Kai!" Perry calls out happily and walks up to the front desk. Lainey is at her station tattooing a very muscular man who was accompanied by a small statured woman with thin black hair and a sassy look on her face. The man doesn't look too happy with her. "Hi, P," I grin as he wiggles his eyebrows at me, "It's weird for you to be on the other side of the counter," he comments and pulls out the stencil of the tattoo I had been anxiously waiting to get for what seems like forever. He was right, I was usually the one perched on the other side of the counter with a sketchbook in hand, practicing my techniques. Although I loved being the receptionist, my main goal was to have a tattoo machine in hand by the end of the year. "I know," I say and then hesitate before adding, "I'm nervous, P," I feel my eyes grow wide as I inch toward the counter and take in the size of the stencil. It's gorgeous, of course, but huge. "Don't be, you've been saving for this since you turned 18 and started working here," he said and gave me a wink, this is why I loved Perry. He always had a way to make me feel relaxed. "I know," I relent and then look at the design again. It was a tribal design running from just below my armpit to my ankle on the left side of my body. "I love it," I say as I trace the lines with my finger tips, "So, here's the gameplan, kid" he says and leans over the counter, "We'll start with the painful parts and work from there. I think if we knock out the ribs and the hips first we should be free sailing from there," "What should I expect?" I say, nibbling on my bottom lip, "pain wise, I mean." "Well, ribs are gonna hurt like a bitch, honestly. The liner is gonna be searing pain, coloring it in isn't going to be much better. Hips will be the same since you're pretty boney in both areas," I raise my eyebrows at him and look down at my chest and then back at my butt. "Boney?" I question and hold back a smirk, "Well I'm not tattooing your tits or asscheeks!" He exclaims in defense, "You're skinny so your hip bones and ribs stick out a little," "Yeah, Kai, it's not a matter of whether your titties and ass are huge," Lainey winks and hip checks me, appearing at the counter as her client heads to the bathroom. She sips her tea as I give her a dirty look but then smile. "Alright, let's get started! Chop, chop!" Perry exclaims suddenly, making me and Lainey jump. "But first I need a kiss from my woman!" I look away as they lock lips, feeling uncomfortable. I walk over to Perry's station and start setting it up while they're busy doing… their thing. I reach into the top drawer of his work cabinet and pull out the cute star pasties I took the liberty to order last week so I can cover myself without the use of masking tape. I turn and face the back of the shop as I lift off my shirt, leaving me in just my bra. I can feel a pair of eyes on me as I turn discreetly to my left and see the woman who had accompanied Lainey's client. She was looking right at me, unashamedly watching me with jealousy clearly written on her face. I blush furiously and pull the curtain partly shut so she couldn't see me anymore. I didn't know what her problem was but I really didn't need her staring at me. I wasn't anything to blink at anyways, I was pretty unextraordinary. I shake my head and banish the insecure thoughts from my mind. I chew on my lip before reaching back and unclasping my bra, I still hold it up to cover my breasts until the shop is completely vacant, save Perry and Lainey. I watch through the partially opened curtain as the man exits the bathroom with a smile on his face, Lainey asks him if he likes the new addition to his skin and he nods. I catch myself admiring the way his muscled shoulders and arms flex as he reaches for his jacket. The girl stands and moves to his side, she tries to hang onto his arm but he shakes her off. I blush, knowing very well that I shouldn't be fawning over a taken man but he was remarkable. His muscled back was visible through the fabric of his white shirt that was almost too tight for his own good… And mine. I suppose it was hard to find a shirt that would fit the size of him. He looked like a bodybuilder. Just as I was going to look away and duck behind the curtain, he turns around and locks eyes with me. My breath catches in my throat as I clutch my bra tightly to my chest, I feel exposed. His chocolate eyes never leave mine as I scramble for something to say. Even from my spot I can see his eyes dilating as we stood there, staring at each other. I want to look away but I can't, it's like he's holding me captive with his gaze. I'm paralyzed, cemented to my place as his eyes widen and travel down my body, lingering at my chest and stomach. Reflexively, I cover my stomach with my free hand, which breaks whatever spell had come over me. His eyes dart up to mine as he frowns, a scowl marring his beautiful features. He inclines his head in a nod, "Hey," he says simply to me and walks up to the counter, throwing some money down. "Keep the change," he mutters and turns to leave. He spares one last glance in my direction, sending sparks of electricity through my body as he exits the shop. " Oh my god , what the hell was that?" Lainey exclaims and rushes up to me, "He was looking at you like he wanted you for breakfast, lunch and dinner!" "Whatever," I mutter and hold out the pasties for her to help me with their application; I've never used them before. "Okay, but seriously, Kai. I can totally get his number for you. I have it in the books," Lainey says and I gasp, slapping her shoulder lightly. "Lainey, that's illegal. You can't do that!" I exclaim and she shrugs, "I'd go to jail for you," she winks but then her face turns serious, "but for real, it's not like he'd be mad that you got his number. He was so into you it should be outlawed," "He's way out of my league," I say and try to picture myself with him; it's comical. I was just an art nerd, always covered in clay and paint spatters, my fingers were constantly black from using charcoal. He was some sort of god, I swear, perfectly muscled and his skin tone a smooth russet color. He deserved a model, not an artist. I don't know where Lainey got the idea that he was into me, all he said was 'hey' and he looked at my boobs, which were every guy's weakness, honestly. "Whatever you say," she says in a sing song voice and walks away, I hear her tell Perry that I'm ready and he walks to his station, patting the table. "Ready?" He asks and gives me a wide smile, "Ready as I'll ever be!" I exclaim nervously and lay on my side while he gets started. The pain of getting tattooed was okay, definitely manageable. The only time I cried out in pain was when he went over my ribs, which he had predicted. My hips didn't hurt much, neither did anywhere else. I was pleasantly surprised. "I can't believe you lasted for the full ten hours," he laughed and shook his head as he cleaned off all the blood and ink that had been weeping out of the tattoo. I laughed and got up, stretching out my body. It felt nice to stand after such a long time laying down. I stood in front of the mirror and admired how the tattoo flowed with my body, making me look taller and leaner than I had ever looked before. I reached for my jeans but Perry stopped me, offering a black pair of Lainey's cloth shorts. I cast a quick glance out the window, it was raining of course, just like it always does in Forks. I grimace but pull the shorts on and forgo my bra, I didn't want anything rubbing on my raw skin. "Thank you so much, Perry," I say and pull him into a big hug. I can feel the tears welling up in my eyes. I'm physically exhausted and I feel it in every ounce of my body. "Any time, Kai. Now go home and rest, take the day off tomorrow, you're gonna be really sore." P says and gives me a proud smile, I'm filled with warmth. "Are you sure you can manage?" I ask and lean against the counter with my good side. I feel my eyes droop, feeling sleepy. Maybe it would be good to have a day off tomorrow. Sleeping in sounds amazing right now. "Yeah, don't worry about it! You just get some rest and make sure that thing gets some proper care. You know the deal," he says and motions for me to leave. I drop the cash I owe him on the counter and wave, "See ya later, babe!" Lainey calls from the back before the door shuts behind me. My previous observation of the weather was wrong, it wasn't just raining; it's pouring. Like someone was dumping buckets of water over the town. Clashes of thunder and bolts of lightening were playing tag in the sky. I jog to my car and struggle with my keys. "You sure you're okay to drive?" A deep voice sounds from behind me, my heart jumps up into my throat as I whirl around to see who had snuck up on me so easily. I was met by a pair of dark brown eyes that reminded me of creamy dark chocolate. I swallow thickly and try to grasp onto a response. "W-what?" I stutter stupidly, clutching my keys tightly in my hand. I blink a few times and then dare myself to really look at the man standing before me. He is shirtless, I notice his smooth russet skin has steam rolling off it, almost like it was evaporating the rain, he wore a pair of jeans to cover his muscular legs with running shoes adorning his feet. I find my eyes lingering on his muscled chest and delicious abs, I had never seen a twelve pack in person before this moment. I feel pulses of electricity coursing through my veins as I observe this beautiful man, starting in my heart and moving outwards. "You look like you're going to pass out," he replies, his eyes narrowing as he gives me a once over. His intense gaze steals my breath from me. I can feel my head start to spin and my cheeks turn red with