PLEASE REVIEW 6 year old Arianna Rose Potter, older twin sister to the 'Boy-Who-Lived', Adrian Charlus Potter, quietly made her way to the stairs, hoping that there'd be at least some cake left in the kitchen. Her parents had forgotten once again that that her birthday today. Not that it mattered very much at this point, her mother and father hadn't paid any attention to her for two years. The only problem, if she got caught by either Lily or James, she'd be forced back into her room and locked in until they remembered. Her life hadn't always been like this, it was only after October 31st, 1984 that her life changed. The night Adrian had been chosen as the 'Boy-Who-Lived'. However, Arianna knew better. Despite being only 6 years old, Arianna was a very smart little girl. She had photographic memory and could recall everything in her short life. Since being forced to fend for herself for two years, Arianna had taught herself to read and write. Already, she had read about half of the books in the Family's library. Also unlike most witches and wizards, her magic affected her physically. She had learned that she could manipulate, control and use her magic to enhance her body. Arianna was also aware that she possessed a lot more magic than most adults and had taught herself to shield her magical power from others. But even without using her magic, she was a brilliant child. The way she taught herself to use magic, allowed her to use wandless magic as easily as a witch or wizard using a wand. It was for that reason that Arianna knew that Adrian wasn't the 'Boy-Who-Lived'. She was. Flashback 4 year old Arianna had been playing with her twin, when a man with blood red eyes walked into their shared room. Arianna had had a very bad feeling as the man pulled out a wand and aimed it at her brother, who was closest. " Avada Kedavra!" Said the man in a hoarse voice. A bright green of light shot out the wand and raced towards Adrian. Seeing her brother in trouble, Arianna immediately jumped between them and reached out and made the green light change direction, making it shoot back towards its caster. She watched as the stranger's blood red eyes widened in shock as the light hit him in the chest. The man let out a piercing scream, before blowing up. All that was left, was what looked like a smokey shadow, which left quickly after. The last thing Arianna heard was the sound of her brother screaming and she was swallowed by darkness. End Flashback When Arianna woke up, her parents were fussing over Adrian and didn't notice her until Adrian started crying and said he wanted Awia (Aria). From there, they gradually forgot about her and doted on Adrian. Adrian had tried to get them to include his big sister, but his words fell upon deaf ears. Arianna had tried to impress her parents with the things she had learned and that she'd taught herself to read, but they didn't care. When she and Adrian had turned 5, Adrian had tried to include Arianna, but their mother had just shoved a piece of cake in her hands and pushed her out of the room. Arianna would do magic and they always thought that it was Adrian's doing, though he tried to tell them otherwise. After a while, Arianna just gave up trying to get her parents to notice her. Adrian wanted to keep trying, but Arianna had told him to stop. Arianna by now knew that she'd never be noticed. She didn't blame Adrian. She couldn't blame him. She would never blame him. Arianna was snapped out of her thoughts when she heard voices coming from downstairs. She was about to turn back when she heard the voice of the old man, Dumblebore or at least that's what she though his name was. She really didn't know the man's name as he had never really talked to her or told her his name. The only times he noticed her was to ask where her parents or Adrian was. Arianna and Adrian were a mixture of their parents, Adrian had their mother's dark red hair and their father's brown eyes, whereas Arianna had jet black hair like her father that reached her waist and their mother's green eyes. Before they had started ignoring her, their parents had said that she looked like her mother, while Adrian looked like their father. Arianna, curious as to why the man was here this late, moved closer and heard that they were talking about her and Adrian. "Are you sure, Professor?" She heard her father say. "Yes, James I'm sure." The Professor said. "Her name is down at Hogwarts." "Are we sure that it will even work?" Her mother said. "Arianna hasn't showed any signs of magic. What if it doesn't do any good? I agree that the sacrifice must be made, but what if it isn't enough?" Arianna heard the Professor sigh. "I agree that there is the possibility, but for the greater good it must be done. Arianna must have her magic transferred over to Adrian." "Okay, Professor, we will bring them to the castle towards the end of the week." James said. "I've already disinherited her so that Adrian will be my sole heir. I even made it so that it can't be reversed. After the ritual, I'll go to Gringrotts and empty her trust vault, I tell they that we found out that she's a squib." "Very well," Lily said. "After that we can take her to my sister." Arianna had heard enough. They were going to take away her magic and then send her to live with her Aunt Petunia. Arianna had met her Aunt once, when Arianna and Adrian had been taken to visit her grandparents and could tell with one look that neither Aunt Petunia, Uncle Vernon liked them. She had liked Dudley well enough, that is until he hit Adrian and called him a freak. Arianna turned on her heel and made her way back to her room, using her magic to silence her footsteps. She was done packing in five minutes as she really didn't have much to begin with, and started to think about what she was going to do. While she knew that she couldn't stay here, she really had nowhere to go. The only money she had was what Adrian had given to – Adrian! Arianna couldn't believe that she'd almost forgot about her brother. Adrian was the only one who didn't ignore her and would be very upset when he found out that she had left without saying goodbye. Shouldering her bag, Arianna made her way to Adrian's room and silently opened the door and found her brother asleep under his golden snitch bedsheets. Arianna couldn't help but smile at her brother. She quietly closed the door and made her way over to her brother. She reached out and gently shook his shoulder. "Adrian!" She whispered quietly. Adrian stirred at his sister's voice and opened his tired eyes to see her standing next to his bed. "Aria?" Arianna held finger to her mouth, it was then Adrian noticed the bag and his brown eyes widened. The look in his big sister's eyes told him exactly what she was going to do. "Shh." Arianna said. "I'm just here to say goodbye." "But Aria..." Adrian whispered looking at her with pleading eyes, he didn't want her to leave. "Please don't go." Arianna gave Adrian a sad smile. "I'm sorry, Rian." She said using his nickname. "But I can't stay here or else mommy and daddy will take me away." Tears started to well up in Adrian's eyes, before he jumped out of bed to give his sister a hug. "I'll miss you big sister." Arianna chocked back a sob as she hugged her brother back, tears fell down her face. "I'll miss you to, little brother. I promise that we'll see each other again, okay?" Adrian nodded, the tears finally falling from his eyes. He held on to for a bit longer, before she gently removed herself from his embrace. "I love you." Arianna smiled and said, "I love you too." Then she turned and disappeared without a sound. Arianna reappeared a second later in Diagon Alley and made her way down the alley towards the big brick white building. When she reached the entrance Arianna, having read a book about goblins, bowed to the guards. The guards bowed back in surprise and the young witch made her way into the building and walked over to a teller and waited until recognized. A second later the Goblin grunted and waved her forward. "State your business!" He said in a hoarse voice. Arianna bowed and looked the Goblin in the eyes and said, "I wish to speak with someone concerning my family's vault and to see if I could have and inheritance test done." The goblin looked at her in surprise, not expecting the young girl's manners. Then he nodded and closed his window and motioned Arianna to follow him. As they walked the goblin introduced himself as Darkfist. "There is no one in those departments at this time, but you have shown respect and honor that many do not, so the Bank Manager may decide to take care of your requests if he chooses to. If not young Miss, you will have to come back in the morning." Arianna nodded in understanding and they came to a door. Darkfist knocked. "Come in." Said a hoarse voice from within. Darkfist led Arianna inside the room and Arianna saw another goblin sitting at a desk signing various papers. Manager Ragnok looked up to see Teller Darkfist standing in his office with a human child. "Teller Darkfist, what is the problem?" Darkfist bowed and replied, "Master Ragnok, this human youth wishes to speak to someone about her family vault and wishes to have an inheritance test done." Ragnok looked at Arianna with a critical eye and said, "Why have you brought her to me? There is no one in those departments at this time." "This is true, but she has shown respect and honor and I thought you would want to talk her first, before I sent her away." Ragnok looked at Arianna again and grunted. "Very well. Please have a seat." Before doing so, Arianna turned towards Darkfist and bowed. "Thank you for your help Darkfist. May your fortune increase and your enemies decrease." Darkfist smiled and bowed back before exiting the room. Arianna turned to Ragnok and walked over to sit down. Ragnok watched the girl before him with new interest. Only a few wizards showed respect and honor towards goblins, to see a young human show that respect and honor shocked him greatly. "For what reason have you come to Gringrotts?" He asked. Arianna then proceeded to give Ragnok an explanation as to why she was there and what she had learned. Ragnok was both appalled and angry at what Arianna had told him and agreed to help Arianna. They had decided to take all of the money out of her trust vault and transfer it to another under a different name. After doing so Ragnok had another goblin bring in a blood red quill and a piece of parchment. "Please write down your name Miss Arianna." The goblin, Runebreaker, said and Arianna did so. After about 10 seconds lines started to appear on the parchment. As line after line was written, Arianna's jaw dropped in surprise. Inheritance Test Results Name: Arianna Rose Potter Status: Halfblood D.O.B: July 31, 1980 Father: James William Potter (Pureblood, Alive) Mother: Lily J. Potter nee Evans (Muggleborn, Alive) Other Family Members Little Brother: Adrian Charlus Potter (Halfblood-alive) Aunt: Petunia Dursley nee Evans (Muggle-alive, older sister of Lily J. Potter nee Evans) Uncle: Vernon Dursley (Muggle-alive) Cousin: Dudley Dursley (Muggle-alive)