Note from author: As I read the Hunger Games, I kept thinking about what would cause America to be so depopulated in the future? What is going on in the other parts of the world? Why does no one flee the Districts? What if they had gone through a world wide nuclear war? It would explain things. When I was a kid, I was a fan of a science fiction series that also dealt with a post nuclear world that was just as dystopian, if not more so than the Hunger Games. It was called, Logan's Run. The more I thought about it, the more I realized these stories could mesh well. Since Logan's Run is an old TV series, I need to give you a basic synopsis or my story will be hard to follow. Two hundred years after the nuclear war, near Washington D.C, sits a large city that is totally under a series of domes. Within, most people live a leisurely life. Most don't work very hard. There is plenty of food and water. Almost everyone has a nice apartment. You can do almost anything you want,...except have your thirtieth birthday. Logan Five is a policeman or Sandman in the City of Domes, whose duties, in addition to normal police work, include tracking down and killing Runners, people who do not believe that there is renewal, a type of reincarnation that the State promotes. Logan questions renewal. When he meets Jessica Six who is helping a Runner escape, he knocks out his partner, Francis Seven and is forced to flee with the woman. The series is about their travels, with Francis Seven and other Sandmen in pursuit. The TV series is kid friendly, the movie not so much. The tv series is recommended for nine to thirteen year olds. You can rent the series at your local video rental store. Pay particular attention to the episode, "Man Out of Time." It really shows the kinds of fears people had of nuclear war back then. I have never seen another LR fanfic. That is why this story is not in crossovers. QQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQ QQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQ Caesar Flickerman had been the interviewer for the Hunger Games for a long time. Usually, when the winning Tribute was interviewed, they were devastated by what they had been through. He was used to seeing the guilt in their eyes, hearing the pain in their voices. He had learned to hide from his conscience by repeating a mantra, this is important. This is important! The winner this year didn't look distraught; He looked like he wanted to kill Flickerman. The announcer was sure that the only thing keeping him alive at that moment were the four Peacekeepers that were out of camera range and who had guns pointed at the young man. Nels Four from District Eight had never even seen the Hunger Games before, yet he had the highest number of personal kills on record. It had been the shortest Hunger Game at barely seven hours. Disappointment with the results mixed with the public's insatiable curiosity about the winner. At six foot two, he had long legs. He was fit but not overly muscular with curtly black hair and deep blue eyes. There was a touch of arrogance in those eyes, Flickerman glanced at the guards before the stage manager furiously signalled for him that they were seconds from being on air. "Welcome to the Post Hunger Games Show. I am Caesar Flickerman. I am here with this year's amazing winner, Nels Four of District Eight." "I am from the City of Domes," the young man said. He spoke with an exotic accent that according to the polls, the females found alluring. What Flickerman did not find alluring was being corrected. "Yes. Well, you represented District Eight." "I may have represented District Eight, but I am from the City of Domes as were Bertram Nine and Arvid Six," Nels said, referring to the Male Tributes from Districts Seven and Eleven." "Yet, no one believed you personally had a chance. The odds of you winning were thirty to one. Let's look at the footage when you met the boy from District Four." Flickerman said, trying to ignore talk of the City of Domes. The large tri screen lit up. It showed the early meeting of all the Tributes before the grand procession. The boy from District Four walked up and shoved Nels Four in an obvious attempt to intimidate him and Nels shrank away. As Bertram and Arvid stared, Nels waved his hands as if to defend himself before the Peacekeepers intervened. "You were signaling them!" Flickerman exclaimed, realization dawning on his face. "Yes, I was. I said, 'don't say anything. Cubs' " Nels Four answered. "How would they know what you meant? Did you know them when you were in your City of Domes?" Flickerman asked. He kicked himself. He shouldn't have said that name! "I knew them. In the City of Domes, when you are born, you are given your time flower," He raised his left palm in which was an embedded a small glowing crystal, white as snow. "From birth until seven, you live in Nursery. From seven to fifteen, you live in school. At fifteen you are considered an adult. Arvid, Bertram and I attended a special school called the Sandman Academy, Sandmen enforced all of the laws of the City. I am seventeen and so was Bertram. We were fully trained and experienced. Arvid was a senior trainee." "Are you saying that you and the other two were comparable to Peacekeepers and you didn't want the other Tributes to know it?" Flickerman asked to the gasps of the crowd. They were just now realizing how thoroughly the three young men had deceived them. Nels Four just smiled. The crowd started to boo. This young man had robbed them of their Hunger Games. The voices got louder. "We are going to a commercial break and we will be back in a moment," Flickerman said as the camera panned over the crowd. At the intermission, Flickerman heard the program manager say, "Make him the villain. Show the Sandmen as ruthless killers. We have to salvage these Hunger Games. We can't let him win." When the cameras came back on, amid the booing, Flickerman began, "It is traditional to follow your story from the moment that you are chosen. You volunteered for the Hunger Games, correct?" "Yes I did," Nels Four. 'Why? Were you looking for an easy payday?" Flickerman said with an air of disgust as the boos got louder. Nels Four shrugged. "I liked what Bertram said when you interviewed him about why he volunteered." What did Bertram say? Something about avenging the City of Domes? Everyone had mocked the young man, but second to Nels, Bertram had the highest kill rate with Arvid right behind him. If Bertram and Arvid hadn't each taken an arrow in the neck from the girl from District Four in the first five minutes, Flickerman had little doubt that it would have probably been two of the three Sandmen at the end. "Maybe you should replay his interview." Nels Four said. The boos got louder. Flickerman eyes became unfocused as he listened to the voice in his earpiece. "It really doesn't matter what he said. He is dead." Flickerman said in a taunting voice. Though Nels was sitting properly in the chair, his voice suddenly exploded, "Bertram said that you killed most of four hundred thousand people in our city! The only ones who were armed were Sandmen, Cubs and Vagabonds, the adult gangs. When the domes came down it was like shrapnel in the old wars! Why! Why did you attack us! If I can ruin your precious game, I'll do it even if it gets me killed! That is exactly what Bertram said. Why did you attack the City of Domes?" The crowd's voice suddenly began to mute. "We are not here to answer for our leaders decisions. We are here to analyse the Hunger Games," Flickerman said. "Analyse away," Nels Four said while crossing his legs.. For the first time, Flickerman started to wonder about the outfit that Nels Four was wearing. Nels Four asked for the outfit specifically before he left for the Games. His handlers arranged for it as doing a request for a presumed dead man. He was wearing black pants and boots with a mostly black long sleeved pullover shirt with a strip of cloth across his chest that was silver with a matching collar and wrists. It couldn't be? It could. Flickerman knew in his heart that he was looking at Nels Four in a replica of a Sandman uniform. "After our next commercial break, we will analyse the initial battle. Don't go away." Flickerman was sweating bullets. He knew that this young man was fully willing and capable of snapping his neck at a moment's notice. He also knew that President Snow might make him disappear. He had to tread carefully. Call him a coward , the voice in his earpiece said as the lights came on. "Ladies and gentlemen, we will watch the first battle in real time. Roll it." Flickerman said. The camera focused on Nels Four as the timer went to zero. To his right was a little girl from District Six. To her right, were two careers, the Boy from District Two and the girl from District Three. When the countdown reached zero, instead of going for a weapon or satchel, Nels Four exploded off the platform and with his long legs, accelerated towards the District Two boy. Within five seconds he had caught the boy and broke his neck, He then accelerated to the girl from District Three. Realizing her danger, the girl turned to face Nels Four, empty handed. Nels Four slowed and instead of trying kill her, he snapped a kick that injured her knee. As she went to the ground, he turned and quickly surveyed the battle scene. The boy from District Five, sword in hand, charged him. Nels Four stopped and let him come. At the last minute, he dodged to the left,. The young man could not stop his momentum. Nels grabbed the boy's right forearm and pulled him forward. He then threw a karate chop to his opponents throat. The Sandman quickly reached around and snapped the other boy's neck. Leaving the sword, he accelerated and scooped a satchel. Using it as a shield, he bent down and made his way to the woods zigzagging to avoid any arrows. As soon as he was out of sight, he dropped down and froze. After twenty seconds, he glanced in the satchel, pulled out a lighter and put it in his pocket, leaving the satchel where it lay. He then began to make his way to the back end of the clearing. Just as the cannon started announcing the number of dead, he hunched down and got as close to the clearing as he dared. As soon as the aircraft came to collect the bodies, he stood and began to briskly walk into the clearing. The cornucopia structure blocked his view of all but two Tributes. The noise of the aircraft drowned out his approach as the two Tributes the males from Districts One and Four stared at the collection of the bodies. Nels Four quickly slipped behind each of them and snapped both necks. The announcer tried to warn them but the volume of the PA speakers was set too low to override the noise of the aircraft. He ignored the sword that the first boy had, instead, took the smaller knife of the second boy . As he picked up another satchel, he could see that a couple of other Tributes could see him. Turning, he again hunched down and using the satchel as a shield, scampered into the woods. "You seem to enjoy attacking people from behind, Sandman," Flickerman said. "I was there to