"To think of all the times I've wished I could slip right into one of my favorite books. But that's the advantage of reading – you can shut the book whenever you want." - Cornelia Funke, Inkheart Decades: Trials & Tribulations 1. Evidence and Conviction o o o 1.01 0710 WEDNESDAY I was barely awake when I realized something was wrong. Forcing my eyes open, I could make out an unfamiliar bedroom from the lumpy twin bed I occupied. The ceiling and walls were bare and furnishings were sparse – a small cluttered desk and chair were adjacent to the bed, and I could make out some shelves on the far wall. I blinked once, twice, trying to make out details, only to become frustrated and concerned – everything was blurry and my eyes would not clear. I had a splitting headache and I prayed that I hadn't suffered a concussion… or something worse. I struggled out of the bed, stepping carefully to avoid the scattered articles on the floor, and made my way to the window. It was open, something I would never do in July, but the air was refreshingly spring-like. I tried to think as I squinted down upon what I decided was a neighborhood street – a swath of gray separated mottled patches of green yards between the building I was in and the rough shapes beyond that looked to be other houses. What in the name of everything holy was going on? Where was I and how did I get here? And what was wrong with my eyesight? Searching my memory, I recalled a party the night before. There had been lots of food, but I couldn't remember people drinking much, mostly just lively discussion. Surely I had not gotten drunk – I had sworn off the hard stuff since that night when… well, back when I was known to do some pretty stupid things. My thoughts were interrupted by a light chilling breeze across my mostly bare skin, directing my attention to a very pressing need to heed nature's call. I fumbled toward the bedroom door, working around an open trunk that appeared to have regurgitated much of its contents onto the bare wood floor. I managed to find a toilet across the hall and had just finished when I jumped and swore at the sight of a stranger, standing there in the bathroom with me. I swore again as I realized that the stranger wasn't with me – he was me. I was looking in the mirror. Fully awake now, I touched a wary hand to the thick crop of black hair – nothing like my erstwhile thinning fair strands – and slowly looked down at the foreign wiry frame, hesitantly pulling my fingers along to confirm with touch what my eyes were trying to see and my brain was refusing to admit – that this strange body was somehow my own. I turned this way and that, staring uncomprehending at this reflection of… whoever I was. Compared to my former familiar body I was thin and a bit shorter, with the well-defined musculature of a distance runner in training. Even in my army days I was not like this - not an ounce of extra fat, I thought, pressing along the plainly visible ribs. As if on cue, I felt a substantial rumble in my abdomen. I would have to do something about breakfast soon. Ignoring the still present headache, I tried the left leg and had a full range of motion without pain. This was definitely not my knee. My mind was a maelstrom of confusion. Was I dreaming? I was tempted to try the silly pinch test, but I knew it would tell me nothing I hadn't already sensed. This was unlike any dream I'd ever had; everything felt so excruciatingly normal – everything and nothing at the same time. My dreams rarely stayed in a particular scene for long, but this reflection, blurred as it was, never wavered in the slightest. Still bewildered but becoming cautiously curious, I leaned in for a closer inspection of the face in the mirror and it finally came into focus. Not bad looking, rather thin with reasonably strong jaw and cheekbones, normal nose, slight dark patches under those almond-shaped bright green eyes… his mother's eyes … no, it couldn't possibly be… I whipped up my forehead's fringe, and there it was – the unique lightning bolt scar known to readers around the globe. I was staring at Harry Potter. I was Harry Potter. Pain exploded in my head, and a torrent of images, feelings and sensations crashed over me like ocean waves and I was gasping for breath, struggling to reach the surface of whatever was drowning me, tossing me wildly. I vainly grasped for something – anything – that could return my sense of equilibrium. I was floundering on the edge of consciousness when the roiling storm in my head finally calmed, and I recognized that this raging flood represented the life experience of the young wizard alternatively known as the Boy Who Lived. Now I knew what that life was really about. His life was now my life. It was too much. I lost what little I had in my stomach. Several minutes later I was finally able to regain my feet and clean up. My mind was still a jumbled mess and would take a while to sort out, especially with two sets of memories, one of which I had thought only existed between the author's imagination and those seven books, but that was the set that was now confronting me as reality. I shook my head in bewilderment and resigned to finding some clothes. I opened the door to confront a blockade in the form of a very bulky human. I could only groan inwardly, remembering where I was. I looked up and gave him a nod. "Dudley." He furrowed his brow in something that could have been concern. "You okay?" "Yeah, I'm fine." I certainly had that line down. "What happened to your glasses?" Glasses! How could I have been so stupid? "Erm… I forgot them. Probably why I keep bumping into the walls, yeah?" I could feel him staring as I stumbled back into what I now knew was Harry's bedroom at number four Privet Drive, a.k.a. the Dursley residence – wait, that wasn't right. Their name wasn't Dursley and that wasn't the right address. I thought I knew all this, but I was at a loss to explain the conflicting memories. At least I could confirm that this was the magically protected home of my only blood relatives where I was safe from homicidal dark wizards until I became of age. Speaking of which, exactly when would that be? How old was I? What day was it here? This trans-whatever that landed me in this situation had obviously brought me back in time, but how far? Did I really need to worry whether this truly was fiction, as I had always assumed? Exactly what does one do when finding himself the primary character in a story already written? Considering all this, I located my glasses and felt tremendous relief as the world came into focus, including a cage housing a beautiful snowy owl. "Hedwig?" She gave me a pleasant hoot in greeting. I stroked her soft plumage. "Am I really here, Hedwig? Am I really Harry Potter?" She gave me a look that implied I was some kind of idiot and followed with a brief nip at my fingers, apparently aware that I had forgone the pinch test earlier. I chuckled for the first time since awakening. "Okay, I get your point. I don't suppose you could tell me what today is?" She actually rolled her eyes – very impressive on an owl, I must say – and scratched at the bottom of her cage. Of course, the newspaper! An untouched Daily Prophet lay at the foot of the bed. It must have been delivered while I was having my self-awareness crisis in the loo. So the Prophet was useful for something besides lining owl cages. I grinned up at Hedwig. "Thanks girl." She assumed a proud indifferent stance that I took as acceptance that we were okay. It didn't occur to me that I was much more acquiescent than I would have imagined, given the radical changes thrown upon me so suddenly. Of course, it was very hard to deny this full-sensory immersion experience, and I was just dealing with it the best I could. I checked the date on the paper's masthead – Wednesday, 23 July, 1997. For me, last night was Sunday, 22 July, 2007, exactly ten years to the day – an entire decade. Concentrating on that part of my memory, I recalled that party again – of course! It had been a gathering of devoted Harry Potter fans, some forty hours after the release of the final seventh volume, and we had commandeered the back room of a local restaurant for spirited discussions about plotlines, characters, themes – you name it. I had participated in one particular debate that involved strategizing Harry's moves if he could go back in time to various points in his life, retaining full knowledge of what happened the first time around. Silly fantasizing – or so I thought. Now I was living that fantasy. Had I wished myself into a book and made it real? Was such a thing even possible? I sat on the bed and tried to reconcile what I remembered reading in the seven books with what my other set of memories contained. There were a few inconsistencies regarding names and places, but mostly it was like having a sketch of a life that had suddenly come alive in full color, texture, sound and smell, but even that didn't really convey the full impact; it was more than I could possibly form into words. Confirming the date in the Prophet , I could recall no "real-life Harry" experiences that corresponded with what I had read in the seventh book. I thought more about it – the dark, emotional trek in the coming months – so many killings, broken lives, impossible trials and suffering throughout – and only vague references to the worst of it, which thankfully happened off-page. The fully inked events were bad enough; the very first chapter told of the sickening murder of the Muggle Studies professor, which I assumed had already taken place. I shuddered. The Order of the Phoenix would be here this Saturday to escort me away – I could almost see Voldemort and his Death Eaters hovering overhead, waiting in ambush. I looked over at Hedwig, preening in her cage, innocent and unaware of the horrible fate awaiting her. If I accomplished nothing else, I would make sure that disaster never happened. I focused on Harry's memories of recent events, working backward: the monotony of avoiding my relatives this summer… before that a somber, lonely trip on the Hogwarts Express… the crushing hopelessness as I recalled Dumbledore's funeral, knowing that I had a monumental task ahead, but at least Ron and Hermione would help. Their steadfastness warmed my heart. And then I thought of Ginny, and my insides burned shamefully. That had accounted for much of my loneliness on the train – I had found a compartment with Ron and Hermione but silently blocked Ginny from entering. The pained expression on her face as she turned away would haunt me forever. Ah, you bollixed that one, didn't you? I told myself. But I can't be her boyfriend right now, she'll be in danger! I answered back. She's in danger anyway, you twit, and people remember that you were together. Look at how hard it will be for her this next year – torture in detention – and you thought Umbridge was bad! But if she tells them we broke up, and it's true, they can't keep after