Author's Note: This story took far longer to write than it should have. I scrawled out the whole framework of the story one night and my head didn't find my pillow until two in the morning, but it went through constant revisions and other insanity before I finally got what I wanted. I'm not entirely satisfied with the ending, somehow, but I'm afraid if I tweak it anymore something might snap. I'd be thrilled to hear your opinions on the matter. Eternal thanks to my unspeakably wonderful beta, LadyMoriel , who corrected my grammar, suggested names, and stuck with this story for so long. No one could wish for a more fantastically dedicated beta. As a side note, all the names are Anglo-Saxon, in keeping with Tolkien. The song "Reunion Hill" is copyright Richard Shindell and Richard Shindell Songs. The version that sparked this story is the quietly simple live version on the album Courier . This is not a songfic, but if anyone has a problem with the lyrics being here, I shall take them down. I changed the first verse just a bit to make it fit in with the time period of my story—"I fell asleep on Indian Boulder" became "...the old grey boulder". Otherwise, all the words are his, and much gratitude is deserved. Reunion Hill by Banui Rochon It must have been late September When last I climbed Reunion Hill I fell asleep on the old grey boulder And dreamed a dream I will not tell My worn hands testify to the years passed. It has been a long road. It is still a long road. And my heart still bleeds—less now than it did—when I ascend that lonely hill standing a quarter-fathom from my farm. Our farm, it was, and in my mind I still think of it such, but I learned long ago to let him go. At least on the outside. It must have been October—no, late September when last I climbed Reunion Hill. After ten years I am not as virile as I once was, and the pilgrimage made my body ache more than it ever had before. But the pain in my grass-slashed legs compared nothing to the dull anguish that burnt coldly within me. They say that I have recovered. I know that I have not. But I have learned to push down the pain, and the memories. It is only in the dark watches of some nights that my mask slips enough for me to remember, but it has been long since there were any tears. It is too hard and cold within me for tears. The sorrow only returns wholly to me in the blessed daytime when I gather the courage to climb this hill again, still-damp flowers clutched against my breast. And I so clearly remember that last climb. The trees were burning from green into a rapture of red and gold, and I remembered—how I remembered—the way that Leofric had loved the autumn so. I had the last roses of the year and I meant to give them to him, and remembered how he had loved the earth, and the things that grew in it, the things he cultivated with his earth-roughened, gentle hands. The memories blazed as a torrent in my mind as I pushed through the sea of pale dead grass to the hilltop. I was never told—no one really knew—where his body slept, so I made a makeshift grave as a memorial here at the hill. For it was here that I first felt his death, long before some unknown sword-thrust slew him. I looked up and the shape of a hawk still soared high above in the sky. He seemed always to be there, the same hawk that had watched me part from my beloved, who had watched over me in sleep countless times. It gave me an odd sort of comfort: something had not changed. And by staring at him I could almost pretend that nothing else had either. Kneeling by the mound I had made so long ago I laid the small thorny roses upon it. The thorns made my hands bleed and a few drops found their way, like tears, to the rough-hewn stone upon which I had inscribed his name with an inexperienced hand. I did not want to bring the evermind, our flowers of the dead, because even still I did not want to admit, not aloud, that he was well and truly gone. Let the village folk scorn and whisper as they might. He would have flowers that remembered life, not death, as his memorial. He had planted the rosebush himself when we were but newly wed. Roses were rare in Rohan; he had obtained seeds in Gondor, where he had been stationed for a few months before our meeting, and for two years he cultured them, planting rosebushes all across Rohan to nurture those delicate seeds in anticipation of the day that he would have a home of his own—and a family to share it with. The evening we were wed he took my hand, slipping me away as the celebratory crowd departed, into the wide silver silence of our fields. Our fields. The words were as elation personified within me. "Ardith," he whispered, clutching my hand in his. And in the soft light of the moon he told me the tale of the seeds he held in his hand, how the roses of Gondor had captivated him so that he must possess some for his own. He had obtained seeds somehow and cared for them so long, carrying them in wait—for me. Carefully we knelt in a corner not far from the house we had raised and dug a small hole in the soft damp earth. There he placed the seed, and I pushed the dirt over it in a little mound. Like a rose-grave flickered through my mind, and I shoved it away, because tonight was no time for such dark thoughts. It was not a grave, it was a womb, I decided, and the rosebush that would grow here would be a testament to our life together. I spoke my thoughts to Leofric and he smiled in the silver-touched darkness and kissed me, sealing this new pledge. So on that windy September day I laid upon his grave the roses he had planted, and a few tears fell upon my pricked hands. That is all that ever comes, the arbitrary tears, but those tears mean nothing, not even to me. Our life together had been broken, but the rosebush still grew strong, and my heart ached dully within me every time I looked at it—but not for anything would I cut it down. I preferred the hurting to the numbness, anyway. And when the deed was done, and a few broken words whispered to the roughly carved stone memorial, I slipped onto the old grey boulder that lay in the field of the hill. I had slept here often in happier times, in the warmth of the sun; stretched on its flat top smoothed by countless years of human use. Once Leofric had surprised me here…in the cool summer dawn when I had crept up to see the sunrise… The memories of days gone by lingered in my mind as I curled on the rock, arms pillowed beneath my head, and slipped into sleep. Dreams filled my mind, dreams sweet and sad, but I will not speak of them to anyone, nor of the other dreams that have haunted my sleep these last ten years, for fear that in the telling there will come forgetting, and grey will creep across the edges and I shall lose those moments, forever held within the stillness of a dream. I came home as the sun went down One eye trained upon the ground Even now I find their things Glasses, coins, and golden rings As the sun died a fiery death behind the mountains in the distance, the sudden chill of the air pressed me awake, and with a heaviness in my heart I rose from my dreams and put both feet back into the cold heart-winter of life. I treaded slowly down the hill amidst the long-grass, sweet smelling and faded brown in the dimming light. Even now, if I looked carefully, as I neared my fields I could still catch a remnant here and there—things left behind, little ghost-objects with stories I did not want to find. I had not picked them up, but left them for time to hide and the birds to steal. There—there was a silver belt-buckle carved like a rearing horse, and by that mound was a sack of coins, the leather sack rotted away now. Even when I had been in danger of losing the farm I still did not touch those coins, or the various rings I had found, or the ornate dagger now rusting by the edge of the woods. They belonged to dead men, and they were not mine for the taking. It's ten years since that ragged army Limped across these fields of mine I gave them bread, I gave them brandy But most of all I gave them time My well is deep, the water pure My streams are fed by mountain lakes I cleaned the brow of many a soldier Dousing for my husband's face It was not long after I received the news that the éored came, tramping slowly over my fields, which I had taken little care of that dark year, with their heads up and proud despite the limping of horses and horseless men. I did not know why Leofric was gone away to that dark forever where I could not yet follow, but because of Leofric I could not ignore these men. They were not Leofric's éored—most of them had perished with him and the few straggling survivors had latched onto other followings—but they were soldiers of Helm Hammerhand as well. They fought and died for the same things Leofric fought and died for. And so because I could not thank Leofric for his sacrifice, I understood somehow that I must thank them instead. And I knew even then—I knew they were going to die. As they first marched across my field, so proud and broken that my heart wept to see them, I took loaves of bread from the ovens and brandy from the storehouse and went out to meet them, baskets on my arms and grief in my heart. There was not enough for every man, though this éored was small and half-defeated, and I wept for those whom I could not tend. Some were wounded, filthy cloth bound hastily around an injury as they fled, and some looked near death. I realised, standing there holding out loaves of bread to hungry men, that I would have it that someone had tended Leofric before he died. These were sons and brothers and husbands and—I placed my hand on my belly where our child grew within me—fathers, and for Leofric's sake tonight I could love them—tend to them—as if they were my own loved ones. I made them stop the night—the barn was large, and there were not so many that there was great discomfort in the close packing of them. I tore strips from worn out dresses and boiled them in vats and cleaned the wounds of many men, binding cuts with cleaner cloth. When the cloth of my old dresses ran out I took to some of Leofric's clothing. He would not need it now, and he would understand what I was doing. But each rip of the cloth tore my heart. As I cleaned each wound I saw not the strange faces beneath my hands but Leofric's, and he smiled at me. Each wipe of the brow, each binding of a wound, every loaf of bread and flagon of warming brandy was for his memory, though I did not wholly understand so then.