To make up for "I hope she's still Proud of us", Something a bit happier. Summey PostMJ wittering- Effie is drawn back to the capitol but only every so often. Every so often, Effie will find she is homesick for the Capitol. Not all the capitol of course. The mere thought of the prison where- amongst other horrors she was caged, frightened out of her very wits, beaten and abused in for nearly a year makes her stomach churn and there are lots of things about the city life Effie had never liked, even before she started having rebellious thoughts anyway; things such like curfews and the petty bitchness. how she could never escape being an escort not even for a night. Having to be polite to people who were such pigs, bore or snobs but used their money to cover for their lack of manners- there where quite a few of them she'd met and detested. School. the desperate dating scene that did no one any good or the worry of saying the wrong thing in case of suddenly being carted off and put to death (or spontatiously coerced in to a very neat well planned suicide) like many had been in Snow's rule. And She'd never cared for throw-up juice etheir. It tasted as foul going down as it did coming up. But even with that in mind, she'd feel nostalgic for lights and colour. Or the swinging yet sophisticated parties. Or lunch out at restruaunts with Fabulous food and fabulous wine, Or massages and spa treatments or most of all how there was always something to do and an address book full of family friends and contacts. She knows she won't ever have the charm free existence she lived before she became part of The Games and part of the problem, or the life after and working toward solution where Effie was privaled and not entirely grateful; "Life on a silver platter" as Katniss would call it. But even with her eyes opened to the slaurter and the reapings on her conscious, she misses the life she once had, the Effie she once was. But some things change too; somethings for the better. Despite the team have left the games and the war far behind, there are horrors that'll never quite leave any of them. They'll all have bad days weeks months or even years. But overtime Effie's lost the haunted vacant look in her eyes and bit by bit shaken off the paranoia. Now Effie has more spark and muster then she'd ever possessed as Effie Trinket. It's been a while since she was a Trinket and those left or returned to twelve that do remember her as an escort which scary smiles also remember the caring nature that got her into trouble, so no longer care or hold her accountable. It was quite awful in the beginning but the coal-dust has burnt and blown off as the old saying went. Even Sal took a shine to her and on the now rare occasion someone has a problem with her, Effie can handle it very well with most of the district on her side. For her own reasons of her own making of corse although now living next door to Peeta and Katniss helped at first and having Apathy as a surname has its perks. Effie had put her organization skills towards the good of the district on first moving there and became one of many small but quite vital cogs in the smooth running of the new world machine; doing paper work of civilians and shipment schedules so those building farming baking and other nessary jobs had time and materials to do so. It kept her busy to the point of distraction while on days Effie felt she wouldn't cope, help would come from the unlikely source of the now-not-as-drunk victor. Much to her pleasant surprise Haymitch had been only a somewhat slurred phonecall away. If need be he would come over to her the flat pack that sat were the seam once was, and sit and drink next to her just holding her hand making sure she didn't slip away, or walk about with her first her room, then the house, the yard, the village till she had her bearings back. He still does it now from time to time. If asked why or told that he didn't have to, Haymitch would shrug with a swig of his bottle and say he had nothing better to do. "Besides, makes up for the all times I've nearly stuck a knife in you on the train or with nightmares." Now they share a house and a bed and have done for an age, nightmares are still common but that knife lives in the drawer. In fact quite a lot of lives in drawers or on shelfs rather than on the floor; floors that arn't sticky in the house doesn't smell of stale unine and vomit. Effie can't take cretit for that it was Hazelle, Sal and the children that cleared out Haymitch's house first, she just carries on the fashion. She didn't have a clue at first but now quite enjoys cleaning and the chores she would have once left for a maid or an avox, finding it theputic and calming, with exception to when Haymitch forgets to walk on the newspaper rather than her nice clean floor. Effie more skilled with her hands too, the fresh air and hard work has been good for her bones and her soul. Even her cooking has improved, with a lot of help from Peeta. But still, every so often, she'll still homesick for the Capitol. Effie misses the nightlife she once had but then at the same time it no longer really appeals to her. Haymitch will tease her for getting old although Effie does get excited if twelve's new palladium is putting on a show; any show, be it the schools drama group, a concert from a travelling band or a just movie projected on to the wall. She'll attend them all, even if she can't quite drag Haymitch to all of them with her. There's a dance or a party every so often, a new birth, a toasting wedding a birthday or simply just because, and even on the rare occasions she's not helped with organising, setting up or playing hostess with the mostess, every dance she can Effie's up on the floor and every dance Haymitch doesn't fancy he'll raise her his pint when he catchers her eye. Not that there is much waltzing and foxtrots. Had she been told she'd join in with the "barbarian " broady dancing stlye the parties favour the old Effie would have laughed, deeply offended. But the hockeycokey of Stomping feet and traditional Twelve ballards is actually fun if you're wearing the right boots. Effie's very proud of hers; (The cobbler was from district eleven originally and was delighted when she'd given him half her first weeks wages for a commission in rather than a pair of the toecaps old mining boots to mend,) they're snug brown leather with red laces and come up to just under her knees. They've lasted ten winters so far and despite the smart heels on them they've good grip so she can run quite well if need be. High Heels and shoes are still her weakness- although wedges more her thing now as stilettoes aren't suitable and the designer no longer matters. But she feels a loss in flat shoes and since the children have shot up, she feels tiny next to them without an extra inch or three. Effie still like's pretty clothes and bright colours too, she just dresses a LOT less extravently so. The fact she can actually breath and sit down in all her dresses is testament to that! She only needs three quarters of a large wardrobe, a shoe rack and just the one jewellery box that's more for storage. Effie's eyebrows- she actually has visible eyebrows now not just arches of bleach and glitter- are still neat but now her natural colour. she didn't even notice till it's been pointed out to her. she tans a little in the summer. there's occasionally a tempory streak or tinge of colour in her hair too but more often it's from a flower tucked behind her ear then a dye. A whick of lipstick and a just dab of bright eye shadow or eyeliner is more than enough for everyday. Not bad for a woman who used to paint herself like a doll, change her whole outfit at least twice a day and woulnd't be caught dead last season's colours. Not having clean garments for a stretch and Being seen near dead in rags can do that to a person. Sometimes Effie'll cover up her scars too. She always tries to, if she can, hide the jaggered mark on her upper arm. It was from where peeta had once bitten her and drawn blood. she'd forgiven him straight away before it had even dried. it wasn't Peeta's fault he'd suffered a severe out of the blue attack, become manic and lashed out. Effie insists it's her fault anyway, reminiscing about old times very possibly triggered the poor young man and then trying calm him down by herself before fetching Katniss wasn't clever either. But Peeta has added to his thing he won't forgive himself for so if she can, Effie hides that little scar but she doesn't bother with the rest. So many people have them, (many, like Katniss with far worse than Effie's,) now they're nearly a fashion in itself- Joanne always jokes about their matching manacle cuts being "friendship bracelets", and anyway, only Haymitch has ever seen all of them at once. but there's no bustles or corsets for him to tell her to loosen, even if he does still say it to wind Effie up when she's getting on his nerves. She wears very little in way of jewelry even at parties. there's only room for two rings, both on her left hand third finger. She likes pretty patterned and plain tights rather than designer throwaways- she goes throught them so fast they're always in her mending box or on her Christmas list along with Gloves that are for the winter and practical hats and scarfs for all seasons. Effie spent her first few years of freedom with her head covered. It didn't really do her any favours but after her hair has grown back from where guards had all but scalpt her, she has little need for wigs so the majority of them have ended up in the fancy dress box of the children's home. The Capitol too is a bit less extravgent. Now that everyone is equal, gone are the imperial red and gold. There's even been talk of it being renamed district fourteen. Much like Effie and surviving grounds it's been rebuilt of its foundations, the bad cutaway. The games cannot be totally destroyed but as like the rest of panem, memorials stand for children, civilians and soligers, things are arckived so as not to be forgotten and the gerantion of peace babies will be educated in hope they never start again, despite Coin's granddesign. Traps have been removed, buildings rebuilt. Things like the training center, if not destroyed in the conflict- became hospitals and sheltered occmidation straight after the war and have remained open since. a staion once made for only bringing in children rather then people leaving, has been stripped of the viewing decks to make for more stations. people come back and forth New shops and new trades have sprung up everywhere. The brief spell of rationing after the revolution and the now levened economy have made the capital citizens better people wether they realise it or not. It's now less wastful, more open to ideas and people of Panem and thus very appealing to a Soioclite and once courtizan of