A/N: Sorry this took so long...but it turned out a lot lengthier than I originally planned so hopefully that makes up for the wait a little?! Hope you all enjoy :) I. She's not scared. At all. Her feet swing back and forth, knocking on the wooden bench as she waits. She's too short to touch the floor, but her dad says that if she eats her vegetables every single day maybe by the time she's older they'll be able to. Annabeth doesn't fall for his tricks though, because she knows that within a few months they will. The tips of her sneakers already touch the floor if she points her toes, even. Contemplating this distracts her for a moment, but soon enough she feels the familiar pricking behind her eyes and the warmth on her cheeks that is a telltale sign that she's about to cry— —but she's not. She's five years old and she's not a baby. Only babies still cry. The school nurse shuffles by and pats the top of Annabeth's head, giving her a distracted smile as she pulls out her car keys, ready to go home. The clock on the wall ticks lazily, and Annabeth forces herself not to do the math. (But she does it anyway). An hour. An hour isn't even that late. An hour is how long writing time is every day in school, and that always goes quickly. An hour is the amount of time it takes to drive to piano lessons and back when there's no traffic. It's just that Annabeth feels small in the school office while all the adults race around to finish last-minute work for the day. A half-hour after the day ended, her kindergarten teacher had walked her down to the office and stuffed her in the corner on the bench, telling her to wait until her dad showed up. At first she wasn't too bothered, but another half-hour later she feels sort of forgotten. The tears threaten again and she forces her gaze away from the clock to the office door. It has a little blinking light on it that changes color each time the door opens, and it makes her feel a little better to watch. The next time the door opens the light turns blue, and a little boy walks in, tugging his backpack by one of the straps behind him. He's scrawny, and Annabeth judges that he's about her age, even though she's a few inches taller. His short legs trudge over to the bench and he pulls himself up next to Annabeth, leaving his backpack on the floor next to hers. The little boy has a toy shark tucked under his arm and he's blowing bubble gum and—Annabeth smirks—that's probably why he's so much shorter than her. She guesses that he doesn't eat his vegetables every day. The corner of her mouth twitches up into a smile. He's also got a sticker in his hair and his head seems disproportionately large for the rest of his body. "You're never going to touch the floor if you keep chewing bubble gum," she informs him. "And you've also got a sticker in your hair." He turns to her and Annabeth almost jumps at the color of his eyes. They're bright green—she doesn't think there's a Crayola color that exists that could match them. His cheeks turn pink at her words and he rubs the back of his head until his hair stands up. Annabeth thinks that the word for his look is goofy , and she feels a giggle bubble to her lips. The boy removes the toy shark from under his arm and waves it around, like it's swimming through the sea. His cheeks are still as bright as his eyes and he peeks up, almost shyly, at her again. "I eat vegetables," he mumbles to his shark, and Annabeth can barely make out the words. "Every day?" "Yeah," he says, more confidently when he sees that she's not glaring at him. "Well, actually. Maybe not every day." She gives him a pointed look and he just grins. "I eat them every day," she announces significantly, "my dad—" Her lips tremble on the word dad. He's still not there yet. "—tells me to eat them or else I won't grow." His body shifts towards hers when her speech falters. "You okay?" he asks, his eyes shining with concern. "I'm fine." "No you're not." He scoots across the bench until their shoulders are touching and he swings his legs leisurely. When he speaks again, his face is so close that their noses bump and his gaze is impossibly wide and sincere. "You can tell me anything, you know." "You won't tell?" "Cross my heart, hope to die, poke a needle in my eye." He drags a stubby finger across his chest and raises his hand afterward, like he's pledging in front of a jury. It looks legit enough to Annabeth. "My dad is an hour late, I think he forgot about me. He does that sometimes." The boy pulls back. "He… forgot about you?" His voice is suddenly small, which Annabeth doesn't understand. She liked him better when he was happy. It made her feel happy, too. "Well, he's busy a lot because my mom died, so sometimes he forgets that he has to pick me up from school." Even though Annabeth was simply trying to justify her dad's lack of presence, the boy's face crumples. Tears well in his eyes, he pushes the hair on his forehead back, and he presses an arm over his face, like he's trying to block out the rest of the world. And suddenly she hears quiet sobs. His whole frame shakes with silent vibrations, and Annabeth is very confused because it's her problem and he shouldn't be the one crying about it. She's not sure what to say, so instead she pulls his hand away from his face. His nose is bright red and he wipes it with his hand. Annabeth does her best not to reprimand him for that, since he's already crying. "It's… okay?" she eventually stammers, though it sounds more like a question than a statement. "But my mom never forgets me. And I don't have a dad, but I have a stepdad named Paul and he never forgets me either. Parents shouldn't forget their kids." He says it like it's science—like he wants to share with her every positive experience, every loving moment he's ever had. His voice is low and thick with emotion. "Sometimes other things are more important," Annabeth tries again, but this time she's unsure about what she means. "Nothing is more important than family. Not even vegetables. My mom tells me that every night. Well, without the vegetables part but yeah—" "Okay," she replies, and she can almost feel the tears again so she busies herself with the zipper of her backpack. "Can I be your family for now?" he asks, and it seems innocent enough to Annabeth. "Sure." "Promise?" She meets his eyes and he meets hers. "Cross my heart." II. Annabeth knows the exact moment that Percy surpasses her in height. It seems to happen overnight. One day she's teasing him that he'll never be quite as tall as she is, and the next day he is (actually even taller, though she blames the extra half-inch on his un-brushed hair). Though she doesn't really comment on it, she notices a lot of things about Percy—like the way his baby fat recently turned into muscle. Or the way that he's tall and lanky now instead of short for his age. His limbs even seem to be a bit too long for his body, kind of like a baby animal, but over the past few weeks he has adjusted to his frame. His head is still big though, and Annabeth makes sure she reminds him at every opportunity. More importantly, now that Percy is the taller person in their duo, Annabeth refuses to let him think he's better than her. She's ten and highly competitive. Percy does his best to keep up with her. It's summer now, and Annabeth takes advantage of her ample free time to accomplish a lot of her goals before Percy can: one of them being bicycle riding. It's a Monday morning and Percy is too tired to bike, insisting that he'll just watch. They have a sort of unspoken agreement to spend every day of their summer together, so every morning she shows up at his house by 8:00am and dumps a bucket of ice water on Percy's head to wake him up. Unlike Percy, Annabeth is a morning person. They're best friends. They have to balance each other out. They also don't talk about it much, but Annabeth doesn't particularly like being at home. Her dad and her stepmom work throughout the summer so she's left alone more often than not. When they are home, they fight, and Annabeth is often caught in between the screaming. It's sort of an unspoken agreement that she can come over to Percy's whenever she wants. He takes away her worries with infectious smiles and by giving her plenty of turns on his bicycle. It seems like friendship to Annabeth. Since she doesn't have a bike of her own, Annabeth doesn't mind riding alone because that allows her more time to practice on his bike, without having to take turns. Plus, the Jackson house is on a quiet side street and it has a really good hill. The sun is shining and Percy is giving her two thumbs up and she's sure this is the day that she'll get it. "Sneakers?" "Check." "Helmet?" She holds out her hands and he tosses her his blue one. She puts it on and closes it with a satisfying snap . "Check." "Bicycle?" Annabeth pushes the bike by the handlebars into the middle of the street and eyes the seat (which she admittedly had to lower an inch because her legs are shorter than Percy's). "All set." "Okay… here we go." Annabeth sprints along next to the bike, taking a few big bounds before launching herself into the seat. "A very fancy move there, Miss Chase," he teases, watching her wobble precariously from one side of the road to the other. "Yeah yeah, keep your jaw closed," she retorts, managing to stick her tongue out at him while still keeping her eyes on the road. Annabeth pushes hard against the peddles, gaining momentum. All of a sudden she picks up enough speed so that she's no longer tipping from side to side, but driving straight. Out of her peripheral vision, she sees Percy shoot up off the ground and raise his hands in cheer. "I… I'm doing it!" she shouts, grinning as she turns a sharp corner and bikes up the hill. At the top, she makes another turn and leans to her left, allowing her foot to drag on the ground and bring the bike to a halt. She peers down the hill and gives a hmmph of approval at the fact that Percy looks tiny from where she's standing. "Here we go," she mutters to herself, pushing off with both legs. And then she's weightless. The street flashes around her in blues and greens, the shapes becoming more and more abstract as she peddles faster. She feels like she's flying. Victory is hers. It's made even better by the fact that she can hear Percy clapping for her from the side of the street. She approaches the bottom and presses the break tentatively, wincing at the screech the tires make on the pavement. By the time she reaches Percy she has slowed considerably. He gets to his feet and jogs alongside the bike. Feeling particularly expert on the bike, Annabeth takes her eyes off the road to look at him. "Did you see that Percy? It was so fast! I was flying. It was amazing. I'm gonna do