I've had this idea kicking around for awhile and thought I would give it a shot. I'm a huge angst h00r and wanted to try my hand at it. This is a subject that is near and dear to my heart. I hope you like it. This is rated mature for future chapters. Special thanks to my beta, Mullet86 for agreeing to help me with another story. Reflections Chapter 1 Prologue Bella- 15 yrs old. "Ok, now turn around and show me the back." I dutifully gave a quick twirl, allowing my Aunt Janet to see if the yellow party dress I was currently modeling satisfactorily hid my giant butt and wide hips. "It's perfect." She announced clapping her hands and smiling at me. I turned back to the mirror. I don't think I would have used the word 'perfect' to describe anything having to do with me but I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the dress looked. It had a tapered waist that hid my stomach, showing off my waist and was long enough to hide my chunky thighs. The neck line wasn't plunging by any means, but it gave a hint of cleavage and the cap sleeves hid my arm fat. "You're beautiful Bella. The boys won't know what hit them. I'm going to go pay for the dress. You get changed. We'll need to hurry home so you can get ready. Have you given any thought to how you'll wear your hair? I think a loose bun with curls around your face would be beautiful." Her petite hands twisted my dull brown hair into the style she was describing. "See? It's lovely." I looked into the mirror. The hairstyle was very feminine and made my neck look slender. It also gave the illusion that I actually had cheek bones under the pudginess of my face. "No. I want to wear it down." As much as I liked the way I looked with that hairstyle, I reminded myself that he liked my hair down, loose and wavy. "OK, sweetheart, whatever you prefer." Aunt Janet didn't try to talk me into it or demand that I give into her superior fashion sense. She just gave my shoulders a quick squeeze, smiling at me once more in the mirror before rushing out of the dressing room. And that's why I loved her. She didn't push. Aunt Janet was the mother I wish I had. Someone who accepted that I wasn't going to wear short skirts with Ugg boots just because some anorexic model in a magazine said I should. No. Aunt Janet accepted me the way I was. Sure she was the epitome of fashion. Always dressed to the hilt and could give Miss Manners a run for her money on any day ending in Y. And she was determined that she passed on those traits to her son and by default, me. But she never forced an issue. She always led by example. It didn't matter how someone else was dressed, how they acted or where they lived. She used to tell me that you couldn't choose where you came from, or whether you grew up in a mobile home or a castle. But you could choose how you treated people. And everyone deserved to be treated with the same respect and courtesy as you would treat a Queen or King. My mother Renee, by contrast was nothing like Aunt Janet. While she too was always dressed to the hilt and polite, somehow it always felt faked. And her demeanor would change dramatically depending on where she perceived you to be on the social ladder. If you were above her, she was all compliments and smiles. If you were below her, she was insulting, short and rude. You can imagine where an overweight daughter landed on that ladder. I shook off the thought of my mother before it ruined my day and did one more twirl in the mirror. I smiled thinking I'd never thought I'd looked pretty before. I wasn't crazy enough to think it was just the dress that had changed my attitude. I knew it was the reason I was wearing a dress that made me happy. Grudgingly I took off the dress and put back on my baggy jeans and t-shirt. In spite of my now frumpy attire, I smiled again. Tonight I was going to the 'End of Summer' dance on the arm of Edward Cullen. My best friend for the last three summers and the boy I had an all consuming crush on for the last two. I hugged the dress to my chest and sighed. For the first time in my life I couldn't wait to have people look at me. Chapter 1- Return to Forks When I was 13 years old my mother and I agreed that it would be in both of our best interests if I spent some time with my dad. We came to this agreement after a three hour screaming fight. She wanted to enroll me in an all summer 'Character Enrichment' camp, which after looking at the brochure I came to realize was code for 'fat camp'. I refused and a tantrum ensued. I wasn't upset over the fact that the camp was designed to teach me how to manage my weight. The truth was, I needed to lose about 15 -30 pounds and had been unsuccessful in all of my previous attempts. No, it was the fact that two years prior to our epic battle, my mother had gone and married a man 12 years her junior. Phil was a right fielder for the Arizona Diamondbacks. Their marriage had catapulted her into a whole new social stratosphere where country club dances, spa lunches and afternoons at the stadium were not a choice but a lifestyle demand. I didn't fit into that lifestyle. As much as my mother tried to fit her round daughter into the svelte square hole, it just didn't work and she had subsequently decided that she'd much rather travel the country with him and his pro baseball teammates, than stay home and take care of her frumpy daughter. I wasn't good enough for my mother and her friends. So I was being pushed aside, pawned off if you will, and I didn't like it. Not that I was surprised that my mother would prefer the company of young, gorgeous and physically perfect men to her overweight child who hid in her room reading books instead of being outside in the sweltering heat of the Arizona sun. But I was still mad about it. So, at 13 years old I found myself on a plane heading from my home in sunny, dry Phoenix to spend the summer with my dad in cloudy, wet Forks, Washington. Could I have found a bigger extreme to plunk myself down into? I doubted it. I'd been born in Forks and lived there until my mom left my father when I was a baby but I'd only spent a handful of days there over the past 10 years. Forks had never been 'home' and Charlie had never been 'dad'. I now had three months in the Pacific Northwest to get myself reacquainted with Forks and Charlie. For propriety sake, my mother had decided that I would come home after the summer and return to Phoenix for school. While she could tell her country club friends that her decision to travel with Phil for the summer was because she would be so lonely without me, she would have a much harder time explaining my absence when school started. No, as much as she wished I wouldn't come back, she didn't like how that would appear to her friends. And appearances were paramount to Renee. "Charlie, there she is!" I heard my father's name and I lifted my head and turned towards the sound. "Bella!" The sound of my name being yelled across the terminal made my skin crawl. Dear God, please strike me down. Kill me now. Please let there be another Bella on the flight. One that didn't mind attention being drawn to her by an over exuberant aunt. My eyes quickly scanned the sparse arrival area of the Port Angeles International Airport looking for another Bella. No such luck. I slumped my shoulders forward, praying that my face would stay hidden within the lengths of my dull brown hair, and trudged towards the sound of my aunt's voice. "Bella! We're over here sweetie!" Please don't look. Please don't look. As if I needed more proof that God was not partial to 13 yr old fat girls, the 15 people standing in the small airport all turned towards the noise. And stood witness to my embarrassment. I inwardly cringed at the thought of attention being drawn to me. "Bella, Bella over here!" I gave a half wave in acknowledgement to the couple waiting at the baggage claim area. I recognized my father immediately. His stereotypical cop moustache was easily recognizable and the petite brunette standing next to him with the huge smile was my Aunt Janet. Unable to wait for me to finish the 15 foot trek over to where they stood, she came bounding over and immediately enveloped me into a tight hug. "We're so happy to see you." "Did you have a good flight?" "Are you hungry?" The questions came at me in rapid succession. "Janet, give the girl a minute to breathe." My father proceeded to extract me from my overly friendly aunt. She relinquished her hold on me but didn't stray far. "How have you been kiddo?" He asked, giving me a brief squeeze. "Good." I answered with a weak smile. Despite this man being responsible for half of my DNA, and judging from the slight paunch he was hiding underneath his cop shirt, more specifically he was responsible for my slow metabolism, I didn't really know him. "It's been a while. It's good to see you." I nodded in agreement at his words. "Well, let's grab your bags and get this show on the road." Charlie clapped his hands together, turned and motioned towards the baggage carousel. I hadn't spent a lot of time with my dad but I remembered and always appreciated that he didn't mince words or waste time with unnecessary sentiment. I was surprised to see two boys stepping over to my dad. Where did they come from? Aunt Janet walked over and put her arm around a lanky blond boy. "You remember your cousin Jasper don't you?" She pushed him forward a bit. He looked up under a shaggy mane of dirty blond bangs and gave me a half smile. "Hey." He gave a barely perceptible nod of his head. "Hey." I nodded back to him. This was the boy who used to call me 'Smella Bella'? And who at our last meeting cut all the hair off my Secret Dream Barbie in a fit of 10 yr old male anger? I quickly checked him out. He didn't look a lot different. He was still thin and needed a haircut. I was not a fan of boys with messy or shaggy hair. Honestly, I wasn't a fan of boys no matter how they wore their hair. The adolescent males in my old school took teasing and harassing to a new level of awful. I tended to avoid boys at all costs. I probably outweighed him by 30 pounds. Awesome That's just great I thought . Nothing like being reminded that I'm huge to make my day a bit brighter. He had thesame color blue eyes that his dad, my Uncle Mark had and he still shyly looked down when he spoke. Something we had in common. I wondered if he ever got to where he could throw a football. He hated that I could throw one with not only superior strength but accuracy. "Hi. I'm Emmett!"Before I could continue contemplating Jasper's lack of athleticism, I was knocked out