Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson. A/N: HAPPY NEW YEAR! Percy had never particularly cared for teachers. Especially those of the English variety. So when he realized that his mom wanted him to meet her boyfriend who just so happened to be an English teacher, needless to say, he was less than pleased. But it turned out that Paul was a cool guy, even by Percy's standards. He let Paul stick around for his mother's sake. He gave Paul permission to propose to his mom for her sake. But he was still hesitant to tell Paul about the godly side of the family he was going to get himself into. Better to let sleeping hellhounds lay, right? His mother, apparently, thought differently. "Percy, honey, we have to tell him at some point. He needs to know, just in case," She said softly and urgently. Paul was going to be here any minute so that they could all go out for lunch. "But what if that gets him attacked? I won't be here forever to keep an eye on you guys you know," He said. The grey streak in his hair and the worry dancing in his eyes made him look fifty instead of fifteen, and it broke Sally's heart to know that her little boy had come to terms with his mortality in the years he was supposed to take dumb risks because he thought he was invincible. "Percy, what if you get attacked? What if you come home hurt and I'm not there? How would Paul take care of you then? Honey, he wants to be there for you, but he can't if he doesn't know. I won't pressure you, but just think about it, okay?" The doorbell rang, just as the two of them wrapped up their intense discussion and put on calmer masks. "Paul!" Sally greeted smiling at her boyfriend. "Sally," he grinned, pecking her cheek. "So are we ready to go?" "Yep," Percy said coming out of the kitchen. He felt a prickling sensation on the back of his neck, like he was being watched. His fingers subconsciously reached for Riptide in his pocket, like they did when he was expecting a fight. He shook away the thought. He could go a day without being attacked, right? (He could see Annabeth rolling her eyes at him for his naivety.) The ride to the mall was a generally quiet one, with minimal traffic, red lights, and monsters. Percy considered that a success. "So, Percy you never did tell me what you do in that camp over the summer," Paul said conversationally as they sat around a table at a nice diner that had a view of the Empire State building. Percy and his mom shared panicked glances before Percy forced a smile onto his face. "We do a lot of… sports training." Percy said, trying to make himself sound convincing. "Swimming, swordplay, archery, volleyball… things like that." It wasn't a complete lie. They did teach those things, but just a little bit more intensely that your average select sports team. "Oh, I did a little bit of fencing when I was younger. Maybe I could show you a few moves when we get back," Paul offered. Percy bit his lip hard trying not to laugh. There was no way that a middle aged English teacher could teach him to use his sword better than he already could. Even Chiron had claimed that Percy was just this side of invincible when he had Riptide in his hand. "I don't know, Paul. I'm pretty good. I wouldn't want to hurt you," To Paul, who had never seen Percy take on a monster, it sounded a bit arrogant, but Percy decided that it was better to have people think less of you and keep them safe than to hurt the people you care about. "Oh I really want to see what you could do now," Paul said, assuming that Percy was just pretending to be invincible, as was common in his homeroom. "No, I'm being serious Paul. It would hurt you. I've been trained to… well never mind. But I've been trained." Paul was a bit startled by the intensity of his voice and seriousness of his gaze. He had only seen that in his grandfather, who was a Vietnam War veteran. He began to wonder if Percy had been seen a war as well, but quickly dismissed the idea. There was no way that he looked old enough to convince military recruiters that he was eighteen. There wasn't any possible way that that the intense, faraway look he sometimes got when he got back from his "summer camp" could be mistaken for that of an older kid. There was no way that the way his words were sometimes laced with the wisdom of the millennia could convince someone that he was old enough to fight a county's wars. Right? Paul didn't know what to make of that kid so he made a note to ask Sally later and then tried to put it out of his mind. "So, anyway Paul," Sally intervened, "Do you want to order soon?" Her smile had become a tad fixed. "Of course dear," Paul agreed. He ordered a Panini, with a glass of water, while Percy ordered a cheeseburger with a coke. Sally got herself a grilled cheese with some lemonade. They all sat in awkward silence, each of them grasping for a safe topic to discuss. "So, we've been having really interesting weather, haven't we?" There. The weather. That was pretty safe right? Apparently it wasn't. Percy forced a laugh that even the most socially awkward Hephaestus kid could have seen right through. "Yes, it has been strange, hasn't it? I've wondered," Sally covered smoothly. They were hiding something, Paul decided. Something having to do with Percy's summer camp… and the weather. Percy fidgeted with a pen for a bit, and a dark cloud of worry came over Sally. Paul got more confused. A pen shouldn't have scared his practically fearless girlfriend like that. Percy seemed to be thinking long thee same lines when he shook his head and slipped the pen back into his pocket. Another odd thing. "Did you hear about that freak snow storm in Houston?" Sally asked, smiling so charmingly at him that he forgot everything that he was worrying about. Paul immediately felt himself respond wittily and Sally laughed. She was such a wonderful person and she was so easy to be around. As the adults conversed about the weather laughed at jokes that would make the Stoll brothers run away for fear of such over-used clichés, Percy's mind began to wander. The feeling that there was a threat in the vicinity was getting stronger and making it nearly impossible for him to sit still. Percy glanced out of the widow and saw something that he had really been hoping to avoid. Seven dracaenas were pacing around the front entrance of the diner waiting for him to come out. He looked out of the window to the back of the diner. There were three more. Ten of them total, one of him, and no other ways out of the diner for his untrained, and less athletic mom and her schoolteacher boyfriend. If he had been here with Annabeth or Grover or Tyson, he could have run a frontal assault without thinking twice, or they could have just climbed out of the windows and disappeared down the street. Right now, neither of those were options. He would have to single handedly fight ten snake-ladies. "Styx!" Percy swore, getting to his feet. He could hear Annabeth telling him that he was being stupid, but he didn't have time to come up with a better plan. "Mom, Paul, you need to get out of here. Slip out of the back entrance and don't stop or don't look back until you get home." He was dead serious now. It was scarier than Clarisse's battle cry or the Stoll brothers' identical grins in the face of monsters. It was the calm of the ocean before it unleashed the full fury of a tsunami on some unsuspecting enemy. "Percy, what's going on?" Paul asked, but Percy ignored him. "There are dracaenas at the exits ," Percy said urgently to his mother. "How many are there?" Sally asked, grabbing her purse and throwing down some money without bothering to count it. She hoped it as enough. "Doesn't matter," Percy said, not wanting to scare his mother. "I can handle them. Just get out of here." "Sally," Paul tried again. The Jacksons were still ignoring him, acting like Armageddon was about to go down and Paul was getting nervous as Percy went deeper into battle mode. "Honey, be safe," Sally said, her hand lingering on Percy's shoulder. "I love you, mom. Now go." Percy commanded, and Sally grabbed Paul's wrist and dragged him to the back door and Percy uncapped Riptide, and sprinted into the street full of dracaenas . "Waiting for someone?" He said, to one of the snake ladies, slicing Riptide and taking off her head and dissolving her into dust. There went the element of surprise. He had their attention now, but he didn't want to fight somewhere so crowded. If he got stuck in the pedestrian traffic, he was dead meat. He took off running down the street leaving a trail of destruction and nine snake ladies in his wake. He made a sharp turn into a deserted alley and stood to face them. He hacked and slashed through their ranks, exploding three more of them into dust. Six more left. Two snake-ladies came at him at once, one grabbing his sword arm with her clawed hands, definitely leaving a cut, and the other came at him with a net, her eyes smoldering with rage. Percy kicked the net-bearing-monster away from him and drove his shoulder into the monster that was grabbing his arm. The cut on his arm made his hand shake but he forced himself to ignore it as he slashed at another dracaena, successfully decapitating it. He hissed in pain as another spear grazed his stomach. He was losing more blood than he cared to lose in a fight, and he knew he was a lost cause if this battle went on for much longer. He parried a blow and wished that Annabeth was there to watch his back. He grunted and took out two more of the monsters that were trying to kill him. Honestly! Couldn't Kronos wait to kill him for one afternoon? Was that really too much to ask? If he ever got even a second of peace in his life, the monsters would be there to mess it up. Vaguely wondering if he would ever get a break, he deflected a spear, trapping it between the brick wall behind him and his sword. He kicked it and it snapped before he stabbed open the dracaena and she turned into dust. Two more left, but Percy felt himself get a bit lightheaded with blood loss. One of them came at his head with a spear and Percy ducked out of the way in the nick of time. He swung his sword through her knees, breaking her open like a piñata. Last one. Percy let himself take a breather for two seconds before springing back at her. She was angry now, considering the fact that Percy singlehandedly killed nine of her sisters. She attacked him with everything she had and he felt himself slowly getting tired. His mind swam and he felt his attacks slowing down. Her spear slipped past his defenses a couple times scratching him up pretty badly. Percy knew that he couldn't give up just yet. He was still on his feet. His mother was waiting for him at home. There was still a war that needed winning and a Kronos that needed defeating. And Annabeth would go personally to the Underworld and