Hello Lovelies! Please enjoy and review my story! I hope you enjoy as well as staying tuned for the fourth season of the Walking Dead. There is strong language in this fic but nothing bad. I might change it to M if you think I should. Chapter 1: You may never see it coming. There are times when you feel as if you have a storm cloud floating above your head. Pounding drama and irritations that make your head swell up in frustration and fictionalize a comic burst. But in reality, there is no storm cloud, it's just Andi. The person sulking in the coffee shop of 21st ave. People watching. Watching the tan, fit, lean cashier pick up trash that was discarded on the table by the counters long ago. When the chore is completed, she races to meet her next customer as he saunters up to the counter to pay, a cheeky grin plastered on his face. 'Something she should have done 45 minutes ago.' Andi smiles grimly to herself, wallowing in amusement as a piece of trash broke free of the can and fell down to the floor. 'She didn't even put in the goddamn trash properly.' She shook her head, a small movement of disappointment. Then there is the regular cop, who like Andi, comes everyday around eight at night. He's a good-looking man. With his cropped light ginger hair and hazel eyes. Andi looks him up and down, almost subconsciously, and clicks her tongue in appreciation. The cop never realizes this. He's too focused on the cashier, who been his main target since he joined the force. Suzy Mae. He says her name, not seductively but not innocently either. The graceful cashier knows his intentions, hell, she's even taken advantage of his charming looks and nice body, but she'll never admit to him that she truly harvests feeling for him. The cop walks out, nods to Andi, as always, and the bell above the tinted door chimes as he takes his leave. "Always the charmer isn't he?" Suzy Mae looks up appreciatively from her workstation, giving Andi a coy smile. Andi scoffs and brings the now lukewarm liquid occupying the mug set in front of her to her lips. She pauses and narrows her eyes mischievously at Suzy Mae. "If you say so... personally, I'm just a tad bit irked that he hasn't come over here and tried to get in my pants." She grins, a Cheshire grin that implies all sorts of things, Suzy Mae gets the hidden message and slightly wrinkles her nose at the coded insult shot at her by the woman sitting across from her. She furrows her eyebrows in annoyance and empathizes it as she calculates the total profits for the days by slamming down the keys of the cash register as she inserts in numbers. "He's not like that thank you. And whats got your panties all up in a wad today, Andres ? Last time I recalled, you and Steve were the sweetheart couple? Hmm.." Now it was her turn to hold the reigns. The two women, suddenly on the battleground of pride. The one on the left: the cashier who is the friend with benefits of the handsome policeman (and she's not the only one might I add, unbeknownst to her) and the one on the right: sulking because she caught her boyfriend of exactly 3 weeks cheating on her. What could she say to that? Andi just got 'told'. Not only did the sly cashier pinpoint every single one Andi's wounds, but she also pulled the 'embarrassing real name' card. "Ouch Suze. That really stung. You know I hate it when people call me that!" Andi made a faux act of getting stabbed in the heart. The cashier laughed heartily mumbling a 'its not my fault your parents thought you were a boy!' under her breath as the atmosphere between the two lightened once more and the battleground faded into thin air. Andi chuckled to herself before bringing the mug to her lips once more and taking a savory sip of the skim green tea latte she had purchased over 2 hours ago. Once the taste was expelled from her tongue, she hesitantly set the mug down again and looked passively out into the city, whom she has neglected for almost two and a half hours. She gently whips out a notepad from her back pocket. A small, ratty memopad that she uses to write down her thoughts. Just random thoughts. Nothing special. She finds an gel pen on the floor near the table closest to her and complains silently about having to move, but grabs it anyways and begins to write: -Cars zoomed by, the drivers not even taking notice of the coffee shop or the two women who resided inside. The world was doing its own routine, it had no time to deal with two romantically fucked women. Even the bikers, whose lives were in the hands of the car drivers who had very little patience for them and their method of transportation, were too focused to the swerving of the tires and the noises of the road to glance or even peek at the humble shop of 21st ave.- Andi sighed. She really needed to grow some self confidence. This wasn't the first time this has happened. There was Marcus, Sebastian, Shaun, and Sang Lee as well. Andi winced as she counted out her past failed romantic endeavors on her hand. 'It probably won't be the last either.' She grimaced, tightening her hold on the mug and staring venomously out the window. "Darlin' your pretty self is going to stay like that forever is you make that godforsaken face any longer." Suzy Mae piped up and bent down to grab the cleaner. She grunted as she pulled herself up and set the chemical formula gently on the counter, as if it would break if she did it any harder. "Don't let it get to your head. If you didn't pick all these boys at the club, then you wouldn't have this problem!" Her raised voice bounced off the decorated walls, the cheap pictures of the romance countries and models pretending to have a joyous time drinking coffee in one another's presence.' Andi sighed. "Old habits die hard, I guess." She offered up. Her voice now weakened with the toll of the day weighing on her. Today was really catching up on her. Mass amounts of school work ruthlessly pounded upon her, adding more stress on her imaginary storm cloud, and the finals coming up were no joke either. She brought her hand up to cradle her chin. Turning her head to look at Suzy Mae she put on a weary smile. "My storm clouds are just raging a hurricane today, Suze. It'll get better tommorow." "Yeah. A'right." Suze snorted and with a final click, shut the cash register tight and set out to gather her belongings from the back. Andi watched as her friend disappeared behind the 'employees only' doorway and as she emerged, with her beloved cheetah patterned purse in hand. "Get your lazy ass up and let's go." Suze made her way to the doorway, past the still situated Andi, and stood at the doorway before turning around and looking expectantly at her. Andi chugged down the last of her latte and hastily shuffled out of the shop. She stepped out to be embraced by the florescent light of the overhead street lamp and the brightly illuminated windows of the Kangaroo across the street. A humid breeze swept the area and dust and dirt spiraled in the air before returning back to the ground again. Andi closed her eyes, feeling her face getting clammy from the weather and her senses getting adjusted to the polluted city air. A soft nudge from Suze let her know her friend was leaving. Whispering a soft goodbye, she waited until she no longer heard her friends heels hitting the concrete sidewalk to turn and begin her walk to the bus stop. Andi made her way down to S 21st ave, her storm cloud following suit. Nodding ever so slightly as she walked to her destination, she looked up at the sky. Once again, it always fascinated her. The vast open space above us all, just looming over the whole city, state, country, earth. Of course, she saw no stars except for the imitations which were really helicopters chopping through the night sky. She takes out the memopad once again. -When a person is walking, a lot of the times, they are too focused on the ground. They keep their eyes straight ahead or observe the ground beneath them instead, to check for any dangers or future threats to the balance of themselves. When one looks at the sky, it feels as if you, yourself, have been shrunken down. It is no longer about you. You feel as if you're apart of something. The world. You wonder: how many people are experiencing this as well? The beauty of the sky, when you take the time to engage in appreciating it, will never cease to amaze you.- Andi smiled. Her gaze set on the dark purple tinge of the sky above her. She slowly brought her gaze down back to land and spotted her regular bus stop when she began to go down a hill. Picking up her pace just a little bit, she set out determined before reaching her goal. Waiting for the bus was always a bore, you're just standing there. No TV or microwave to save you. Andi gave a huff of relief when she saw that she was alone once more, being that having another person wait with you in the silence is most awkward. Taking a quick look at her watch, Andi calculated about 7 more minutes until the bus came. 'And until I can finally get home.' She chuckled, happiness shooting through her at the thought of crawling into bed. To the right of the bus stop, music blared from a bar that seemed to be quite rowdy, with the overflow of the masses loitering outside with chilled beer bottles in their grasp and prostitutes gliding a finger down their partners chest. Strobes of light flickered across the sidewalk from inside and the raucous laughter spilled from the open passageways. Andi scrunched her face up in distaste as more guffawing could be heard. "What the fuck do you think YOU'RE doing?! HUH !?" A loud, enraged voice boomed as a body was flung on the roadside. Andi watched as a burly, thick but tall man stomped out like a raging bull. The man glared down at the other strewn out on the pavement. 'Almost like the Minotaur.' Andi thought, engrossed in the scene playing out before her eyes. A hint of a smile twitching on her lips as the entertainment kept her occupied. 4 minutes away from getting on the bus. "Answer me you piece of shit!" The Minotaur screamed, infuriated that his threats were going unheard by his victim. The strewn man lazily opened his eyes and registered his position before cockily getting up on his feet and wiping the blood and spit off his chin. "Your girl was practically beggin ' me for a fuck. Keep ya bitch on a leash, mister." He snarled and dodged as the Minotaur let out an rage filled bellow and lunged at him. Realizing that the smaller man had the upper advantage, Andi watched as the Minotaur reached in his pocket for something. 2 minutes until the bus comes. In times of danger, one might not register the fact that they are the ones who are precariously treading the safety-danger line until its too late. People have the mindset that those horrid things you hear claiming people's innocent lives ever day won't happen to them and that is a big part of why it never occurs to them that it could happen to