Twelve days before Christmas, my mother gave to me . . . a headache. "So Phil and I will be there on the 20th. Can you pick us up from Sea-Tac? Our flight gets in at 3pm," Renee said. Bella gritted her teeth. "Why can't you fly into Port Angeles? I can get off of work to come get you." "And get on a smaller plane? You know how I feel about that, Bella." "Then I'll have to send Paul and Quil to pick you up." "Bella, I don't know these people. I want you to pick me up." "Mom, Emily and I have a party that night. I can't leave her to cook for over 100 people and set up. If you guys fly into Port Angeles, I can come get you, then be able to drop you off the hotel and be back to finish setting up." "Oh. Didn't I tell you? We're staying with you and Charlie." She was speechless. "On the air mattress in the living room? That won't be enough room with the tree and gifts." "No, in your room, silly. You can sleep on the sofa." Bella began to bang her head against the cabinet. "Have you talked to Dad about that?" "I figured you could. Now, about picking us up." "Right now, Paul and Quil are the only ones available." Renee sniffed. "I guess we'll rent a car then." "Mom, I need to get back to work. Love you. See you next week." "You're gonna give yourself a headache," Emily advised. "Too late. Hurricane Renee already did." "Surely it's not that bad." Bella leveled her with a look. "I'm supposed to pick them up from Sea-Tac at 3pm on the 20th. Not Paul and Quil, me." "That's the day of PACC's Christmas party." "Yeah. And they're staying with me and Charlie." "Does she know that Sue moved in?" "She would have if she asked Dad. That honor goes to me, who has been kicked out of my room and regaled to the couch." "Ouch." "Yeah. So I'll be stuck in the house with my barely civil parents, a step-dad and my dad's live-in girlfriend, who is his best friend's widow and can't stand my mom." She sighed. "Is it wrong to wish the holiday season was already over?" Eleven days before Christmas, my "older brother" gave to me . . . a fall through the ceiling. And a broken bed. "Thanks for doing this, Sam," Bella said. "Charlie's on nights this week and Sue's been after him to the decorations down." "No problem." He gave her a side-ways hug. "Hands off my girl, Uley." Sam was pushed aside and two arms wrapped around her from behind. "Hey, babe." She tilted her head back to find her boyfriend smiling down at her. "Hey." She puckered up for a kiss. "You gonna help Sam?" "You sure as hell ain't carrying anything down those stairs. You'll be in the ER with a broken leg." "Ha ha. Get your ass up there, Lahote." "Yes, ma'am." He pulled her closer. "I love it when you get bossy." He tapped her ass on the way up the stairs. Bella set to cleaning the bathroom. She was scrubbing the bathtub when the ceiling shook, followed by a crash in her room. Standing quickly, she caught herself before she fell back into the tub. After banging her shoulder on the door jam, she stared into her room, her mouth hanging open. Sam was sprawled on her bed, which was on the floor, surrounded by plaster. She looked up to see a Sam-sized hole in the ceiling, Paul peeking down at them. "Are you okay, babe?" Paul asked her. She nodded. "Sam?" He just held up a finger. "You landed on a bed. How the hell can be out of breath?" The finger switched to a salute. "Not my type, Uley. Get your ass back up here. There's at least 10 boxes to bring down." "What are we going to do about my bed?" she asked. "I'll make some calls, Bells," Sam answered, dusting out his hair. "You'll have a bed by tonight." He kissed the top of her head. "Don't worry, little sister." Ten days before Christmas, my father gave to me . . . Christmas lights, and a sprained wrist. Banging on the roof caused Bella to sit straight up in bed. She glared up through the still hole-y ceiling as if she could incinerate the person with her mind. When the banging continued, she grumbled as she kicked off the covers and stood up. With one step, she was on the floor with the covers around her feet. She stomped down the stairs and out the door. When she reached the road, she looked up to find her father and Seth on the roof. "Dad, what the hell?" she yelled. "Morning, Bells." His smiled fell when he noticed what she wasn't wearing. "Where's your jacket and shoes?" "What are you doing at 7am on a Monday morning?" "Hanging Christmas lights. Seth's helping." "Don't you have school?" She turned to the young wolf. "Council business." He waggled his eyebrows. She sighed. "Guess I'll get dressed since I was rudely woken up." "Careful about the ice, Bells," Charlie called out just as her foot hit a patch of it. Her feet went up as her body went back and down. Her hands went to catch her fall. "Bella!" Charlie yelled. "Bells, you okay? Shit! Paul's gonna fucking kill me," Seth muttered as he picked her up. "Did you just jump off the roof?" she queried. "Yeah. Let's get you in to see Mom." Sue choked on her coffee when she saw her son carrying Bella into the kitchen. "What happened?" "Bella slipped on the ice," Seth said the same time Bella replied, "Seth jumped off the roof." "Let me see your wrist. I can see you hiding it." With a sigh, Bella surrendered her hand. She winced at the poking and prodding. "I think it's just sprained. Come by and see Dr. Gerandy when you get dressed. And you," Sue rounded on Seth, "jumping off the roof where people can see." Charlie barreled into the kitchen. "What's the diagnosis?" Nine days before Christmas, I got tangled in the stupid garland. Bella glared at her boyfriend and friends. "It's not funny," she growled. "Actually, Bells, it is," Embry snickered. "How the hell did you manage to get tangled in the garland?" Leah asked. "I was trying to untangle it. It turned into a creeping vine and I ended up like this." She wiggled around then huffed. "Can someone please get me out of this?" "Hold on, babe," Paul said as he knelt next to her. He started pulling, but the garland held. "Hey, Emb. Get me some scissors." Eight days before Christmas, my uncle gave me spiked eggnog. "Here you go, sweetheart," Old Quil said as he handed Bella a cup. She took a sniff. "What is it?" "Eggnog. You drink it, not sniff it." A few hours later, Bella stumbled her way to Paul. He winced at her breath. "What've you been drinking?" "Unca Quil been givin' me eggnog." "Babe, he put his moonshine in it. How many've you had?" She shrugged. "M'be five. Or was it six?" Seven days before Christmas, the hangover from Hell came a-visiting. "Morning, babe!" Bella's hand reached out from the cover and felt around. When she found his cheek, she smacked it. "Fuck! What the hell, Bella?" "Shh," came her muffled reply. "No talking." "I fixed you bacon and sausages, fried eggs and pancakes." She lurched to the side of the bed and fell out of it. Stumbling, she made her way to the bathroom sink in time to empty her stomach. She cracked an eye open to see him standing in the bathroom doorway. "You're an ass." Six days before Christmas, three bitching wolves, I mean wise men, were fitted for costumes. "Why are we wearing dresses again?" Brady whined. "It's not a dress," Angela said, slapping at his leg. "It's a robe. The three of you are the Wise Men." "Bitching Wolves, you mean," Leah said as she pinned the hem of Collin's robe. He growled at her. She narrowed her eyes and growled right back. "Keep it up, mutt, and you'll be neutered before you get laid." "His cherry got popped on Halloween," Seth said. "By who?" Bella said in shock. "Layla Mallory," Brady replied. Bella and Angela shared a look before letting the laughter out. "What's so funny?" "Sh-she's playing the V-virgin M-Mary," Angela cackled. "That girl hasn't been a virgin since Bella moved here," Embry said. "How do you know that?" Bella asked, still giggling. "Who do you think popped her cherry?" He waggled his eyebrows. "She does take after her sister," Jake said. Leah groaned. "How many of you idiots took a turn on Forks' bicycles?" Jake, Embry, Quil, Seth, Collin and Brady raised their hands. She quirked an eyebrow at Sam, Jared and Paul. "Rachel Black," Paul smirked. "Same here," Jared said. "Sam?" Emily asked. "Rebecca Black." He winced at Leah's glare. "It was a year before we began dating." Five days before Christmas, my boyfriend caught me under the mistletoe. Mmmm. Bella was exiting the hallway at Paul's when he caged her in his arms. His head dipped to hers. "Look up," he said against her lips. Mistletoe hung from the entrance. "I guess I have to give into tradition." She pressed her lips against his. His tongue begged for entrance to deepen the kiss. Her lips parted for him. Soon they both caught fire. "Oh fuck, Belle," he groaned. He pushed her yoga pants down as far as he could without detaching his mouth from hers. He stepped on the crotch and lifted her at the same time. Her legs wrapped around his waist. "Now," she said. He pushed his shorts low enough to free his erection. With one thrust, he was seated to the hilt. They both moaned at the sensations. Paul began to raise and lower Bella on his cock. "Lean back a little," he told her. "Yeah, right there." "Ohmygod. Paul, oh God." He increased his pace, pistoning his hips up to meet hers. Moans, groans and the slapping of flesh echoed through the house. "Now, babe. Cum on my cock." He leaned down to lightly bite her nipple. She shrieked when her orgasm hit her. He grunted as her pussy clamped down on him. His knees hit the floor, his own orgasm locking up his muscles. "Damn," Jared said, impressed. "Think you can do that, Marks?" He threw a bottle cap at Leah's imprint. "Dude," Austin looked over at the wolf, "my girl can bench press me . What makes you think I can hold her up like that? No, against the wall is fine for us." "And all I could do was hang on for the ride," they heard Bella say. Soon six faces appeared in the window. "Time to go," the girls said at the same time. Four days before Christmas, my friends proved they were perverts with "naughty Santa". "Okay," Emily began. "As we told you at Thanksgiving, whoever got a couples' name bought them a gift that they both could enjoy." She cut a look at Quil. "Who goes first?" Leah smirked. "The Alpha pair of course." She pulled a present out from under the tree. "It's from me and Austin." Sam wore a wary look on his face. He opened it to reveal several candles. "'Massage candles'," he read. "Chocolate dipped strawberries, silent night, love spell and sex on the beach." "Thanks, you guys," Emily said as she reached for her and Sam's gift. "Here you go, Collin." The teenager tore into the package. "Twenty-four count of Christmas condoms." "Yeah, after what I heard the other day, I figured that you needed it," Sam explained. "Your mom's scary when she's mad, and I don't want her to