Effeminate Dragons Summary: In which Draco Malfoy is caught in the schemes of one of the Potter twins. Euphemia Potter, heiress of Black, smiled widely at her brother, Harry Potter, Heir of Potter. He seemed bemused at her own amusement. "You're a big girl, I'm sure you can do it on your own," he said, leaning back. "'course I can," she said. "But I want the finishing touch to be done properly, and I don't have the right equipment. You do." "If you think you need my help," Harry said, evenly. "Anyway, you're in check." She frowned, then looked at the board. "You cheating son of a-" "Still," Harry said, "it's a good compromise, I suppose." "Of course it is! I thought it up!" Euphemia said. "So you're okay with this?" "Yeah, sure. We'll meet in the middle, like you wanted." Draco Malfoy was on top of the world. He was rich. He was handsome (okay so people would say he was 'pretty' and not handsome, but he didn't know what the difference was). He had the girls he wanted. Mostly. Sure, he had no shortage of girls throwing themselves at him because of his money. Pansy Parkinson, Daphne and Astoria Greengrass, the Carrow twins - those were just a few of the girls whom he knew had approached him only because of his money. He supposed the fact that he was also good looking helped convince the prettier girls to go for it. Unfortunately for him, however, he didn't want them as people who were with him only for his money. He wanted someone who liked him for him. Somewhat, at least. The fact that he'd caught gossip of the Slytherin girls that painted him as sexually frustratingly bad... he wasn't keen on that. Sure, so he didn't last very long in bed, and his penis wasn't of horse-like proportions, but what the hell were they expecting? He wasn't even -that- small compared to the rest of the boys in Slytherin, he knew - he'd seen most of their dicks in the showers after exercise class. Even more importantly, however, Draco had always, arguably since his first year, wanted a specific girl to pay attention to him. To like him. To be his girlfriend. And the reason he was on top of the world was because she had come up to him and outright told him they were now dating. She was a bit more forceful than he could've expected, but he was on Hogsmeade with her, eating chocolate that she had paid for and looking at Quidditch equipment. The fact that they were both seekers and could actually talk shop was just gravvy. He really liked her. Euphemia was a bit shorter than him, with very long and very dark red hair. The only reason he knew it was red is because when the light struck it in the right angle it had a slight red highlight to it. She was petite, with a body that was clearly promising future development into a voluptuous beauty... or so he guessed, anyway. Mostly from seeing pictures of the girl's mother in potions journals - she was very often in those for her work with Draco's unofficial godfather, Severus Snape - and expecting that she'd grow up similar. Maybe her choice in clothes was a bit... overwhelming, though. Her skirt was almost criminally short. She explained that it was a muggle thing called a miniskirt, and that it was meant to show off her legs, highlighted even more by her stockings. When Draco asked if she wasn't cold, the girl had laughed and reminded him that they were magical and she had enchanted her stockings to keep her warm. For a muggle invention... Draco liked the miniskirt very much. When she moved quickly or bent over, he could easily see the bottom of her underwear, showing just the slightest bulge of her cameltoe. He was glad he was wearing robes, because he was sure that she was teasing him, and it was giving him an erection. After a day of wandering around Hogsmeade, well mostly like two hours of looking at Quidditch equipment and an hour of talking about not much of anything while eating, she actually grabbed his wrist and half-dragged him towards a nearby alley. Draco had not expected her to slam him against the stone walls of what appeared to be some sort of clothes shop and snog the living daylights out of him. It was the first time he'd been kissed so forcefully. She didn't take no for an answer and wasn't screwing around, her tongue was exploring his mouth and one of her hands was rubbing at his crotch, massaging his cock through his clothes. Within fifteen minutes of nearly non-stop snogging and grinding against him, he orgasmed into his pants and she pulled back. She wore a wide smile on her face. "Did you like that, baby?" she asked, her voice deep and husky, her breath coming in short gasps, much like his. "I- I loved that," Draco admitted, enthusiastically. "Good, good," she said. "But... uhm... you came a little early. If you'd lasted five more minutes, I would've given you a blowjob, too..." she mused. "Hm. I know... Well, this is a secret, so don't tell anyone, okay?" Draco, more than a little out of it, nodded, not really understanding if she meant what had just happened or something else. "So, mum works on this special tonic. It's meant to help people with sexual impotence and stuff like that. Basically makes the lousiest partner into the best partner," she said. Even within the recesses of his blissed out mind, Draco actually was curious about such a thing. Sounded like it was tailored to his specific problem - if it'd just been one girl complaining about his ability, maybe, but with every lay he'd ever had giving him feelings of inadequacy... "Really?" "Yeah, I know it works," Euphemia said. "She's tested it, it just isn't for sale because nobody wants to admit they can't please their wives," she said. "But I've got some that I intended to sell for a lot of money," she said. "But I like you a lot, so I'll give them to you for free. That way, you'll have a strong sexual drive that can please me! And since you're not completely impotent, it should make you virile and strong enough to lay with, like a half dozen people, and still have more to give!" Without really thinking about it, Draco accepted eagerly, and she gave him the first potion. He drank it right then. The second time Draco had a date with Euphemia Potter, it was on the castle. She had been with her brother, talking about something something, charms or whatever, he didn't care. Then she saw him and, after telling her brother they'd meet up for practice next day, she walked up to him in the hallway and kissed him full in the mouth. Draco half expected her brother to kill him right then and there. Harry Potter was known to be very overly protective of his sister, though some theorized he was protecting people from Euphemia. After all, the one time someone had groped her, she had turned Marcus Flint into slime and smeared him across a wall. They'd needed six medwitches to undo what she had done to him. The excuse of it being accidental magic was bullshit and everyone knew it, but nobody had the balls to fuck with the Potter Siblings after that display. But instead, Harry Potter walked up to him, gave him a pat on the shoulder and wished him good luck. Euphemia smiled. "He approves," she said, "were you scared?" "Kind of, yes," Draco said. He was not too stupid to be frank and sincere here. He knew she would be able to tell if he lied. Besides, there was no shame in being scared of the Triwizard Tournament's Duelling Champion. "Don't worry, he thinks you're a bit spineless but otherwise okay," she said. "Anyway, did you drink the potion this morning?" Draco nodded. The potion this morning had given him a consistent erection and a nice tingling in his balls. He supposed that was the potion working its magic to make him a better sexual partner. At least, he'd orgasmed pretty heavily during his morning shower, ejaculating what for him was an entire week's worth of cum before. He explained as such. "Excellent, it's working better than I thought, you must be really compatible," she said. "I guess that deserves a prize. I know an empty classroom nobody goes to..." They went there, proving her wrong, and then locked the door. "It won't keep out a teacher," she explained, "but the unlocking charm doesn't actually work on the classrooms. Everywhere else, sure, but the classrooms? For some reason the castle doesn't want people walking in on those unless they're open. Anyway... get out of your robes, honey," she said, smiling widely. Draco did as commanded. He wore a simple white button up and black slacks. She was on him in an instant, and he dimly realized her robes were gone. She wore a thin blouse and one of her miniskirts. She was groping him and plundering his mouth with her tongue, her hand massaging his cock once more, through less layers this time. "It's nice and hard," she said. "Time for your reward, baby..." She went about opening his shirt, opening each button and planting kisses down his chest as more and more of his smooth, pale skin was revealed. Draco blushed. He was frequently made fun of by other boys, at least when they thought he couldn't hear, over his hairless chest. She finally reached the end of his shirt and once more came up, giving him another kiss. Her hands came down to his, and she moved them to rest on her butt. "You can touch me," she said, "so go ahead and do it baby." He did so, massaging her as as she kissed him. Her hands roamed his chest, coming to rest on his nipples. He yelped and nearly broke away when she pinched his nipples, but she recaptured his mouth and pressed him against a close by desk, making him unable to break their passionate embrace. It's not as if he could've moved away - his hands were beyond his control as they slipped under her skirt. He gasped when he touched bare flesh. She pulled back. "It's called a thong," she said, "covers the important bits but lets me show off the ass I've worked hard on," she said. "So many situps, you don't know," she said, laughing, "but anyway..." She slipped one hand from his nipples down his chest. It went below his belt, below his pants, below the waistband of his briefs. "I'm so glad wizards don't know what a jockstrap is," she said to him, grinning as her hand grasped his penis directly. Draco gasped. Her hand was so soft and smooth - it felt better than most, if not all, of the vaginas he'd been in. The friction was delicious as she massaged it. She pulled it out, causing him to whimper, and gave her own hand a deep sniff. "Hm... clean as can be," she said. "Good boy," she added, planting a kiss on his lips. Just a chaste peck. "Keep yourself clean like this, baby, I like that," she said. Draco had always practiced good hygiene, and he was extremely glad for that, as Euphemia's left hand left his right nipple and both converged on his pants. She took off both his belt and the button and fly holding his slacks together within instants. Dimly, he wondered if she was skilled or practiced at removing men's pants, but all rational thought fled his mind as his penis was freed with a swift pulling down of all clothes on his lower body, and she grasped it firmly. She needed