Harri smiled brightly and widely, as she sat down on the train that would take her to a different world entirely, the train that would take her away from her abusive relatives and put her in a world of people like her. She ran a hand through her long, curly dark hair. She had washed it with extra care that morning, convincing Petunia that she needed to look her best for her expensive private school lest they think something untoward was happening to her. Any cute girl should take care of her appearance, Harri believed, and she was not too falsely modest to describe herself as anything but that. In fact, given what some had said, and the fact that she'd heard one of her male teachers call her 'Miss Jailbait', she was pretty confident in her looks. Her school had a gymnastics team, and Harry had always excelled at the sport, being more flexible than any of her classmates and overall keeping excellent physical shape and form. Thinking of her gymnastics career and the locker room she'd shared with so many other girls gave Harri a smile. She wondered if she could get some help from the teachers at school to continue her gymnastics training. She'd have to ask Professor Dumbil... dumba... what was it that Miss Hagrid had said? Oh, right. Dumbledore. She'd have to ask the headmaster, Professor Dumbledore, for help about it. The woman was said to be the greatest witch since Myrddin herself, so if anyone could help, it'd be her. She was slim and athletic, with a body that she'd heard her gymnastics coach say she'd kill for, and she wanted to stay that way. Magic could probably achieve many amazing things, but Harri felt that she had earned her body through hard work, and wanted to keep it that way. Then again, magic could be used to help her along her training... Magic... She was going to be learning magic! It didn't take her long to start wiggling in place, too giddy to stay still, and then she jumped to her feet. She didn't want to wait until later, she decided to change into her school uniform right then and there. First she pulled down her trousers, Dudley's old cast offs. She could put both legs down either of the trousers' legs and still have room for a third one. This left her in only her knickers and one of Dudley's cast off shirts, which fell roughly to mid thigh and covered her like a dress. Deciding that this will not do, she pulled it up and over her, showing off her teeny tiny bumps that passed as breasts. She didn't need a bra, per se, but she knew from her classmates at school that she should be wearing a training bra given the fact that she had breasts at all. But her relatives would never waste money on her. It was a miracle that they'd bought her a few pairs of knickers at all, and even then, only because she'd had an early onset of puberty at ten and had actually needed to have properly fitting underwear. Until then, she'd also been wearing Dudley's cast off underwear. Disgusting, since most of those had... skidmarks, she thought they were called? Or was it pockmarked? She could never remember. Point is, he was not known for his hygiene, but she already did the laundry and Petunia was never observant enough to notice she gave special care to her things. Harri giggled a bit as a cold breeze came through the open window, she could almost feel it run over her nipples, hardenning them as it passed. She gave out a pleasured sigh and pulled her knickers down. She dug into her carry-along bag and fetched her Hogwarts uniform. She had almost not believed it when she'd first seen it. To start with, the skirt was so short, her crotch would be visible. She could feel a tingle in her crotch as she remembered walking through the magical alley, seeing so many crotches covered only by tiny thongs, so many cocks left free. Her own little girl prick was standing proud at two inches, and she reached down to caress it a bit before pulling on the frilly and lacy knickers that came with the Hogwarts uniform. Unfortunately, they slid over her prick, though the silky feeling was, on its own, wonderful. She sighed as she began to rub her crotch over her knickers, while also grabbing her top - a simple bikini style bra, and swinging it over her neck, almost panting in disappointment when she had to use both hands to properly tie it in place. Not long after, she put on the cloak that went over it and tied it over her breasts. She wished she had a mirror. Unfortunately, she did not, so she couldn't see what she looked like. She pulled on the skirt, for all that it did, and sat down, beginning to caress her cock through her underwear, moaning and panting as she used her right hand to stroke her two inch prick and her left to caress the puffy lips of her pussy. She imagined she was on her knees, back in the Alley, and that every cock she had seen was forming a line ahead of her, coming to use her mouth for their own pleasure. Cocks in all shapes and sizes, from a girl barely her elder with a penis a bit bigger than hers, to that one seven foot tall olive-skinned woman she had seen, with a floppy six inches that Harri guessed would be a full nine when she became erect, she imagined them all plundering her mouth and giving her their gooey, creamy reward for her good job. She even imagined a few gave her pats on the head and kisses on her forehead, like she imagined her mommy would after Harri finished swallowing their loads. Groaning once more, Harri gave her cock a particularly harsh thug and she creamed her own panties, feeling her pussy gush its own love juice at the same time. She sighed in pleasure and melted into a puddle for a few moments, before recovering and beginning to slide her underwear off her legs. Fortunately for her, it seemed that the Hogwarts underwear was somewhat impermeable, because she could see all of her cum gathered on the tiny piece of cloth, but it didn't even have a single stain on it. Thanking the designer for her luck, Harri brought her panties to her face and began licking off her cum, both from her prick and her pussy. It was delicious, as it'd always been for her. She had long since become used to drinking her own cum, ever since her first ejaculation, which had been into her hand. After all, she could only imagine the thunderous scolding she'd receive if she left cumstains on the house. Petunia already threw a bitch fit whenever there was even the smallest reference to her... male part... in the house. At first, she'd had trouble swallowing her thick, creamy cum, but that had been months ago, and these days, she would often lay on her back and then raise her bottom into the air, masturbating while upside down, to hopefully blow her load directly into her mouth. Once finished, Harri slid her knickers back on and groaned at the feel of the soft and silky material over her prick, still erect. She knew a single round wouldn't make her go down, but she was in a public place, she couldn't- Her thoughts were interrupted by banging on the door. "Come in," Harri called. At the cue, in walked a redhead. It was a girl with short hair, wearing a simple black skirt and a white blouse that had seen better days. She carried her bag with her. "Can I sit here? I was with my sisters, but, uh... I needed to get out of there fast," she admitted. "Sure, sure," Harri said, though her enthusiasm was curbed by the fact that she had not achieved sexual satisfaction yet. She just could not understand how Petunia could go for weeks between going out to pay a male prostitute to do the job that Vernon could not. "Thank you," she said, giving Harri a smile. "My name's Ronda, but everyone calls me Ronnie," she said, sitting down opposite Harri and putting her carry along bag on the floor next to her feet. "My name's Harri," Harri said in return. "And uh... I guess I don't have a nickname?" she asked, more than stated. "Anyway, you said you had to get out of that room with your sisters? Aren't sibling supposed to get along?" Ronnie snorted. "Maybe some, but mine are terrors," she said. "They know I'm scared of spiders, but they invited their friend along, and she's got a huge spider for a pet, I think she called it a Tarantula or something like that," Ronnie stated, shaking her head. "Anyway... You've already changed? We've got like, six hours to Hogwarts still." Harri giggled. "I was just so excited! We're going to an old castle in the middle of Nowhere Scotland to learn magic, Ronnie. Actual, real magic!" she added, wiggling in her seat. "We're going to be surrounded entirely by people like us, and- and-" "Ah, I get it. Muggleborn, right?" Ronnie asked. "Yeah! Well, maybe. I'm an orphan, and Miss Hagrid said that my parents were witches," Harri said, shrugging. "But I was raised by my aunt and uncle and... they don't really like magic, you know?" "No, no, I get it entirely. I have this one uncle, he's an accountant or something, he can't do magic either so he's always really angry with my mum. Not with me or my sisters, we've always sort of considered his house a home away from home, plus he gets all this muggle stuff that's really cool!" Ronnie said. "But I guess you'd be familiar with all of it already, huh? Muggles are surely interesting." "Where I'm standing from, everything you've got is new, so you're super interesting to me, too," Harri said, giving Ronnie a very wide smile. Ronnie flushed. "Ah, thank you," she said. "It's... you know, you're pretty much the first friend I've ever had. Uh, I hope you're not angry that I'm pre... presunt... well, that I'm not getting ahead of myself." "No, no, I'd love to be your friend!" Harri said. "You'd be my second ever friend!" "Who's the first?" Ronnie bluntly asked. "Why, Miss Hagrid of course! She was really nice to me," Harri admitted. "I feel kinda weird standing here in my casual clothes, I feel I should change to match," Ronnie admitted. "You want me to step out for a moment?" Harri asked, tilting her head, giving Ronnie an odd impression of a bird. "Not if you don't want to..." Ronnie muttered. "I mean, I'm not very pretty or anything, but if you want to watch..." she said, flushing. "I'd love that," Harri said, grinning at her. That said, Ronnie began the process of undressing. First she removed her top, revealing that unlike Harri, she was completely flat, no bumps other than her nipples. She could easily pass for a boy. Her skirt followed, revealing that her underwear was already the one that came with Hogwarts' uniform, as Harri could tell when she turned around and bent over, showing the Hogwarts logo on her right buttcheek. As Ronnie bent over and inadvertently gave Harri a show with her ass, Harri gasped and began to caress her cock through her frilly knickers. Unfortunately, she soon pulled herself up, with the uniform top, cloak and skirt, taken from her bag. "Help me?" she asked, turning to Harri, holding her top. Harri smiled and helped her put it on, tying it behind her. It was a bit of an awkward fit, as she didn't have breasts yet, but soon