Hey, Leah here. This is my first ever fanfiction. I don't own twilight. Rayne's name is pronounced Rain just different spelling. It's something I came up with when I was sixteen. I always wanted to name my daughter that. Enjoy and please leave some feedback. Three small kids, two boys and one girl, looked up at the three teenagers, one boy and two girls, standing next to them. "You really think this will work?" One of the boys asked. He looked about six years old, but he was more mature mentally. "I'm positive EJ. We have to do this. It will stop a lot of fighting and pain." The oldest, the boy teenager said. "Especially for your Dad." EJ nodded with determination. "Then my brother and I stand behind you." The other small boy stepped up beside his brother and gave a firm nod. "I stand behind you." One of the girl teenagers rolled her eyes. "Come on guys, this is stupid. Lets just do this and be home soon before mom has a cow." The other girl teenager elbowed the girl in the ribs. "Knock it off. We will be fine." "Levi?" The smallest, the girl kid tugged on the oldest teenagers sleeve. "I stand behind you." She said as carefully as she can. Levi scooped up the girl. "Come on Rayne, Lottie, it won't work unless you agree as well." The eye roller stepped up. "I stand behind you." The elbow nudger stepped up as well. "I stand behind you." As the girl said the last word a bright light surrounded the six. When the light cleared they were standing in the same exact spot as before, except the dawn was just beginning to break. "Did we do it?" EJ asked. "I think so. Let's go find everyone. Maybe Billy can help us." Levi walked out of the clearing they were in and started for the Black's house. An hour later Billy Black sat in thought as he watched the six kids that had come into his house. "And this will help everyone? There won't be any more pain from the pack?" He clarified. "Yes Sir." Levi said firmly. "I don't even know who you six are. How can I trust you?" Billy put forth. Rayne leaned forward. "Because some of us are family." Billy studied Rayne and his eyes widened in shock. She was right. He didn't know how, but she was right. "Okay. I'll get everyone together." After a few calls were made the Quileute pack of shape shifters were gathered at the tribal hall. Billy rolled up to the front of the room. "Listen up." The room went silent at Billy's voice. "These six kids were brought here by the spirits to help our pack. We will listen to them and respect them." Billy gestured for Levi to stand up front with him. "Hi. I'm Levi Uley. Before you guys go all crazy, let me speak please. My parents are Sam Uley and Emily Young." As Levi spoke a gasp was heard at the back of the room. "Yup. Hi, Mom. Hi. Dad. Please don't kill us when we get home because we are trying to make everything better. Some of us will not tell you one or both of our parent's names because we don't want to spoil things. Here is Rayne Lahote. Her father is Paul Lahote." Another gasp broke out in the room. There were some sounds of mocking laughter. "I imprint?" Paul stands up. Rayne steps forward. "Yes, you do. To the most kick ass woman on the planet." "That proves that she's your daughter." Jared laughed, his arms were wrapped around Kim. Paul shrugs and sits down. Levi clears his throat. "Thank you. Now this is Charlotte Mahan. We call her Lottie. Her parents are Jared Mahan and Kim Connweller." The elbow nudger from the beginning steps up next to Levi. "Hi." Lottie waves. Kim makes a choking noise. Jared rubs her back. "Levi! Is it my turn yet?" The young girl runs up next to Levi and pulls on him. "Sure sweetie." Levi scoops her up. "This is Emma Ateara. She's Quil's daughter." Quil looked down at Claire in his lap and points. "Yes, Daddy. That's Momma." Emma giggled. Quil pales. Embry and Jacob laugh, slapping him on the back. "And these two are twins. EJ and Jay Black. They are Jacob's sons." Levi spoke up. Jacob stops laughing and stares at the obviously half-breed boys. EJ had tan skin, brown hair and green eyes. Jay had tan skin, black hair, and milk chocolate eyes. They looked like Bella, maybe there was some hope. "Sorry, Dad, but our mom is not Bella." Jay spoke. Jacob deflated. Embry consoled him by patting his back. Jacob shoved him off. Levi looked around with steady eyes. "We asked all of you here because you need to understand something. We all need to get along. We do in fact. The Cullens and most of us are good in the future." There were loud growls in the room. "I know you don't believe it, but Listen! " Levi roared. "This pack goes through so much shit and heartbreak and we want to fix that. Leah, you are not defective. You body, simply put is more wolf like than human. You can research it if you like. Nor are you the only female wolf anymore. Rayne and Lottie are both wolves. I'm a wolf. EJ and Jay are different, but they will eventually phase. Emma here is human. Your imprint is out there. I won't tell you who or how but he is. In fact all of the wolves imprint. Embry, Seth, yours our out there as well. Now, can we please do what we came here for or are you all gonna growl at me like the pissed off mutts you are?" Levi glared at all of the wolves in the room. Everyone settled down. "Thank you. Aunt Sue? Can you go bring Charlie in?" Levi pleaded. Sue Clearwater nodded and went to go let Chief Swan in the room. Charlie came in and took a seat in the back. "Chief?" Levi asked. "Can you come up here?" Charlie made his way up to the front of the room. "I just want to introduce you to us. We are here to change your life and make it better. I'm Levi. That's Rayne, Lottie, EJ, Jay, and Emma. You can sit down now." Levi said. "We are here to read some books about the Quileutes, the Cullens, and the Swans. They will be in Bella's point of view. There are in four books and the last book has Jacob's point of view in it. Mainly they are in Bella's. This is so you can get a good look at what runs through her head and how she see's things. Lottie, if you please?" Lottie pulled off a messenger bag she was carrying. She pulled out four thick books. "I don't remember which one it was first." She handed them to Levi. Levi scratched his head. "Is it New Moon?" "No. It's Eclipse." Rayne argued. "Breaking Dawn." Emma giggled. EJ sighed. "Guys, you should've asked us. It's Twilight. New Moon. Eclipse. Then Breaking Dawn." Jay nodded. "Yeah. Perfect memory here." "Oh, right." Levi smiled sheepishly. Levi held up the first book. "Who wants to read first?" Charlie raised his hand. "I would, if you don't mind." "Sure." Levi took the book to Charlie. Before he handed it over he said, "Charlie, remember, Bella has lived her whole life with Renee, she doesn't really know you. Some things might be thought that she doesn't mean." "I'll be fine." Charlie insisted. "That goes for everyone here. She thinks some thoughts that might be hurtful to some people. If you need to go for a walk just walk out and we will wait for you." Levi looked over the room. Everyone nodded. "Good." Levi handed the book to Charlie. Charlie looked cautious, but opened the book to the first page. " Preface. I'd never given much thought to how I would die - though I'd had reason enough in the last few months Charlie's voice quivered a bit when he read that part. There also was quiet snarls and growls until Levi glared at everyone again. Levi nodded at Charlie to read. - but even if I had, I would not have imagined it like this. I stared without breathing across the long room, into the dark eyes of the hunter, and he looked pleasantly back at me. "Wait. Does this have something to do with Edwin and the rest of the Cullens?" Charlie asked. Charlie had noticed a few things about the Cullens but had brushed it off. Maybe he shouldn't have done that. Levi nodded. "This has everything to do with the Cullens and the Quileutes." Charlie nodded and continued to read. Surely it was a good way to die, in the place of someone else, someone I loved. Noble, even. That ought to count for something. I knew that if I'd never gone to Forks, I wouldn't be facing death now. But, terrified as I was, I couldn't bring myself to regret the decision. When life offers you a dream so far beyond any of your expectations, it's not reasonable to grieve when it comes to an end. The hunter smiled in a friendly way as he sauntered forward to kill me. Jacob growled and walked out of the room. Levi sighed. "Your Dad is a real piece of work, you know that right?" He said to EJ and Jay so softly only the wolves could hear. Some wolves snorted. "You got that right." Jared muttered. Kim gently slapped his arm. "Knock it off." After a few minutes Jacob walked back in the room. He nodded at Charlie to continue. Charlie looked at Levi. "Do I continue?" Rayne sighed. "Yes. I just want this over with. I want to go home." "Rayne!" Levi barked. "Be careful what you say. You say something at the wrong time and they will send us back. They said we have to finish this once we started." Levi softened. "I know you want to go back to help your mom but she will be fine. Your Dad is with her. They got through having you, they will be fine." "Your mom is going to have another baby?" Lottie asked excitedly. Rayne nodded. "Yup. This makes baby number three." The pack hooted and wolf whistled at Paul. "Shut up." He bellowed. Levi looked out at the crowd. "I wouldn't talk if I were some of you. Some of you are also on baby three. One of you is on baby four." He spoke quietly. "Charlie? Please can you read this?" Levi spoke louder so everyone could hear him. Charlie cleared his throat and opened the book again. " Chapter One First Sight. My mother drove me to the airport with the windows rolled down. It was seventy-five degrees in Phoenix, the sky a perfect, cloudless blue. I was wearing my favorite shirt - sleeveless, white eyelet lace; I was wearing it as a farewell gesture. My carry-on item was a parka. In the Olympic Peninsula of northwest Washington State, a small town named Forks exists under a near-constant cover of clouds. It rains on this inconsequential town more than any other place in the United States of America. It was from this town and its gloomy, omnipresent shade that my mother escaped with me when I was only a few months old. It was in this town that I'd been compelled to spend a month every summer until I was fourteen. That was the year I finally put my foot down; these past three summers, my dad, Charlie, vacationed with me in California for two weeks instead. "This is what you were talking about, right?" Charlie asked. "How she calls me by my name instead of dad?" Lottie nodded. "Among other things."