The sound of boyish laughter and excitement was prominent on the large training field as their weaponry lesson came to an end and teachings of swordplay and fighting manoeuvres were replaced with the prospect of an afternoon swim in the forest lake or some long awaited tree climbing. In the moment that the instructor dismissed them, every student dropped their wooden practice weapons into a haphazard pile and began the discreet departure that they were all slowly perfecting. None of them wanted to be selected by their teacher to help tidy the equipment away and carry it back to the army headquarters, not when the sun was shining so brightly above them. As always, though, he had his victims chosen out and their names ready on his lips. As he called out and gestured for them to return, he saw the slump of small shoulders and disappointed expressions as they resigned themselves to their fate. He quickly hid a smile. Little boys were all the same. Four young elflings appearing to be no more than seven or eight mortal years old crossed the field with their hands raised to hide their mouths and the hushed conversation that was clearly passing between them. The ringleader seemed to be the only blond present, although that was not a surprise, considering his position in the forest. The only child of the king, he was not accustomed to being held up when there was somewhere else he would rather be. His deep blue eyes were narrowed in thought, and the weapons master took silent note of that. If a sulky child needed to be corrected, he was more than happy to cure them of bad manners or a dark mood, whether they were his king's son or not. "Thank you for coming back so eagerly," the instructor said, his sarcasm not lost on the youngsters. "We came when you called, Faeron," the blond haired boy retorted. "You came after some deliberation, Prince Thranduil," Faeron corrected sternly. "Don't let it happen again. Now, if you four work together we can get this done swiftly. I am sure you have plans to go swimming or for some similar activity this afternoon. Collect the practice weapons and carry them carefully to the barracks, where we will do a quick inventory and put them away. Start moving. The last one to be standing in front of me will be staying behind after lessons for the rest of the... My prince, it seems you are the ill fated one today." Thranduil glared at the teacher, folding his small arms over his chest and raising his head proudly. "We helped you last week. You always choose us. You should be fair." "And you should do as you have been told," Faeron countered. "I suggest you take that advice now." "But I'm the prince." Faeron's eyebrows shot up at the words, and he glanced at the other children under his tutelage. They had been watching with interest, but all three looked away the moment his gaze fell on them. "Did your friends tell you to say that? It is not like you." "It doesn't matter," Thranduil said defiantly. He truly believed that. His companions had suggested he use the line to free them from a boring duty, and that was just what he was doing. Nobody was being harmed. "Besides, I am the prince. If I don't want to do something, I can say so. Can't I?" "I think not," Faeron snorted derisively. Leaning down, he gripped the child's shoulders and nodded towards the army headquarters where his office lay. "I have no wish to put you in a different class for another instructor to teach, but I will not stand for that attitude in my lessons. Come with me. I think the time has come for your ideas to change before you get any older and deem yourself too good to lift a weapon with the army. You three! Carry on collecting those practice swords!" As he was led across the training field towards the older elf's office, Thranduil swallowed and risked a glance over his shoulder at the friends he had left behind. All of them wore guilty expressions at the trouble they had seemingly landed him in, but he just flashed them a reassuring smile and quickened his pace slightly to keep up with the long strides of his weapons master. The army headquarters lay a short distance ahead, and he sighed quietly as they drew nearer. The single time he had passed through the doors was on a tour given to his entire novice class. The only reason for children to be taken inside was for an injury to be tended to, or for a reprimand that needed to be given in private. Since he had no wounds to speak of, it was certainly the latter that applied to the young royal. "In there," Faeron nodded, pushing his door open and letting the student enter first. He followed in silence, aware of nervous blue eyes fixed upon him as he pulled a chair out from under his desk and set it in the middle of the room. "Come here, my Prince. We need to have a discussion, one that you will not need your leggings for. Lower them." "What? You can't..." Thranduil took an instinctive step backwards, and his lip curled in a sneer that would one day be enough to frighten the bravest of warriors. He sometimes heard from other boys in his class that they had been taken over their instructor's knee, but not once had he imagined it happening to himself. "You can't do that to me. I'm the- "Prince," Faeron finished. "And you have just earned yourself another five swats for disobeying me. Come here now, and get those leggings down. If I have to tell you again, it will be an extra ten swats. If I have to do it myself, it will be... Clever boy." The child's hands had flown towards his waist as threats flew at him from every direction, and he looked down at them in silence. Surely this was not going to happen. His father was the one in charge of his discipline. He bit hard on his lip, and chanced a glance upwards at his teacher's face to search for confirmation. A single nod was his only reply. Suddenly the cocksure and arrogant little elf was no more, replaced by a frightened boy awaiting chastisement who looked as though he was fighting tears. Swallowing, he hooked his fingers into the waistband of his leggings to slowly lower them to his knees. The green material of his tunic covered him to half way down his thighs, but the rush of air upon his bare skin as he was guided over Faeron's knee made him flinch. "Please, I'm sor- Ow!" The shirt tails had been lifted, and Faeron pushed them up the boy's back with one hand as he smacked the small bottom with his other. "Be quiet. I have not even begun speaking to you, yet already you have the nerve to interrupt me. You are not in a position to try my patience any more than you have done already. Now, you may be the heir to the throne but that does not make you exempt from being punished for disobedience or ill manners. You are going to receive a spanking, and I don't want to see any attempts to stop it. You have been warned. Prepare yourself." Thranduil parted his lips to breathe deeply, but a hard slap landed on his left cheek before he could inhale. It was swiftly followed by a second to his right, a third to his left, a fourth to his right, and it was not long before he recognised the pattern that was developing. Every so often, Faeron's smack would deliberately land dead in the centre. He was by no means the biggest or most strongly built boy in his age group, and the large hand of the weapons master easily covered his backside. A particularly forceful blow brought tears to his eyes, and he wriggled ineffectively as he was punished. He wanted to cry, but was it permitted? His father never forbade tears, but this was the first time he had received discipline from anyone else. He didn't know whether the same rules stood, or if Faeron would be angered further if he heard the sound of crying. "You are a good student," the instructor lectured, emphasising each of his words with a slap. "I will not – I repeat not – see you ruin that through arrogance and high thoughts of yourself." "No, I won't!" Thranduil cried, all thoughts of bravery gone. "I won't ruin it, I won't- Ow! I promise- Ow! You're hurting me!" "You could be the best when you grow up, but you will never- " Faeron gave strength to the word with a resounding smack to the boy's upper thigh – "reach that aim unless you are prepared to forget your status and the palace you live in, the servants and the fancy clothes. You will never -" He seemed to enjoy emphasising that word in particular, for the swat that fell on it made the child scream a useless plea to be forgiven – "be the best if you cannot rid yourself of the awful attitude you displayed on the training field." "I will! Please! Stop!" As genuine sobs replaced angry and frustrated protests, Faeron finished punishing the reddened area with a number of slaps that fell upon the sensitive spot between bottom and legs that would make sitting particularly uncomfortable, and the inside of his student's thighs to remind him of the discipline when he walked anywhere. Just a matter of seconds after it was over, he rose and carefully laid the boy over the chair he had just vacated. He gave no warnings to stay there as he rounded his desk and pulled open a drawer to find the strap he would use for the five additional swats he had promised for direct disobedience, but he was sure Thranduil would not want to move for a while. When he found the length of leather, he returned immediately to the weeping boy and placed it meaningfully against his already flaming backside. "What are you doing?" the prince cried, trying to look over his shoulder at the ominous touch. "I don't want... No, please. I'll be good! You can't do that! I'm..." Faeron raised one eyebrow. "You are what?" "I'm too little!" Thranduil screamed, missing the look of approval that flashed across his instructor's face. He had not even considered using his status to get out of that situation. Shaking with sobs, he buried his face in his arms and shifted as much as the pain would allow to try and remove the horrible leather from his skin. "My father never uses his belt on me because he says I'm not old enough. I don't want you to strap me, Faeron. I d-d-don't want i-i-it!" "I use this on my older students when they displease me. It also serves the purpose of punishing the backsides of trainees and novices who forget all they need to know when fighting with the army for the safety of the kingdom. Direct disobedience is a crime, one that you became guilty of when you refused me," Faeron said, his voice firm but not unkind. "This is how my students are disciplined. Are you a student of mine, Thranduil?" He was given a tiny nod. "Or are you still the prince?" A smaller shake of the head came. "Then you will receive five with the strap. That is the way it must be. If you need help keeping your hands in place, tell me now and I will hold them down." "I don't need help," Thranduil hissed, grabbing the chair legs with both hands. Recognising the pride that was already so evident in the young boy, Faeron sighed