So as I mentioned in the summary I adopted this story through the adopt a story event hosted by Love in Panem from peetaspikelets (Pikelet184 on A03). I have her blessing for this story. She was happy I adopted this story and is excited about it. I got sent the first chapter which I have adapted and changed but still the original idea remains at the heart of this story. I have much love for this story and I've almost completed the 2nd chapter. This story is where my mind and inspiration has decided to take the story. This story is rated an for a reason ;) I'm not going to spoil it by saying anything. Birthday Surprises "Girl on Fire. What you up to?" The sudden voice breaks through her thoughts. "Would you stop calling me that?" She looks up from her paperwork and sees her handsome bronze haired friend and boss leaning against the doorframe of her office wearing that familiar amused smirk. She enjoys their banter but an interruption from Finnick isn't what she needs right now. All she wants to do is close out her paperwork, and head home for the day. It's been a long week and she doesn't want to think about tomorrow. If only tomorrow could just drop off the calendar she thinks. "No can do, Girl on Fire. Best night ever," he laughs, his tone teasing as his eyes brighten in glee. "Thanks to Cinna, you're going to be stuck with that nickname for the rest of your life." "Never going back there again. Ever." She gives him her infamous scowl. He's never going to let her live to forget it is he. Finnick chuckles, "we warned you. Alcohol is flammable. You're a lightweight. Bad combo. But Cinna likes you. So no lifetime ban for you." He winks at her. Katniss waves him off. "While you ever stop with that." Finnick is always on her about the effect she has on people and she can't see it. He's always exaggerating. No have no idea the effect you have on people. Finnick's imagination runs wild as waves. He's got it in his head that people are either mesmerised by her or intimated. "No need to pout birthday girl. I'm just messing with you." Katniss sighs and puts her head in her hands, resting her elbows on the desk. "Please. Don't remind me about tomorrow. I don't want to think about it." He sees something pass across his eyes but she isn't sure what. "What is it with you and birthdays." She knows this is a rhetorical question. It's just his mind wondering. Finnick is full of thoughts and that boundless energy. Along with always putting on a good face. It was one of the qualities which made him such a good friend, he'd always come to your aid. "You're turning 23. Imagine if you were turning 100," he chuckles at that, "Although that could has its benefits. You know in England you get a birthday card from the queen. Imagine that." She laughs at that. Finnick is full of trivia like this. She doesn't know how but he is. "I bet were you like this as a kid too, huh?" He flashes her one of those grins, "I'm betting on it." He's just teasing, being classic Finnick. Actually, no, she hadn't been like that as a kid. She hadn't been that way at all. Growing up she loved celebrating her birthday with her family…and then as she got older and her family fell apart after the incident, she loved celebrating her birthday with him. Back in Elementary school when her dad was alive he'd loved making a big fuss on her birthday. Her family would all wake her up singing happy birthday by the side of her bed and she'd get the whole day off school. Her dad would make her favourite breakfast, chocolate chip pancakes with rosewater butter cream, it was her grandmothers recipe. Her grandmother's secret recipe she made every year for her father's birthday until he moved out. Each year on her birthday her father would take Katniss and the collection of bows and arrows to the exclusive hunting grounds of Victor's County. They would spend the whole day there engulfed by the gigantic trees and surrounded by greenery spanning as far as the eyes looked. It was a birthday tradition, both a family one and one she shared with her father. During the time they were away her mother would set up the other half of her birthday celebrations usually a party in the garden with her sister's hand crafted buntings. Before they left they would stop at her fathers favourite willow tree, it was his way of measuring how much she grew each year, and her mother would replace the picture in the frame at home. She remembers how bright the sun was and the way gleamed down through the leaves onto her. It warmed her olive skin. Sometimes her dad would sing. He'd inherited it from his great grandmother who he'd been around all the years he'd grown up so he'd been very close. Singing reminded him of her and it made him sad she was gone. The birds around them would fall silent, as though they'd stopped their own song to listen. Katniss had memorised those songs, the songs of her great grandmother and she'd sing too. They'd both inherited her beautiful voice her father told her. It's funny how it was his singing that made mum fall in voice with him. Her mum had fallen in love with him from the first note that left his mouth. She had been a goner. This birthday tradition could only be possible if she had the day off school. It was something that dismayed Principal Trinket especially, who took it rather personally according to her dad, but despite this each year he was able to persuade them. It became that each year her absence was expected and her teachers gave her the class work as well as homework beforehand. She always got it completed so they could never use it against her taking the day off. She remembers with the greatest of clarity the smell and taste of her dad's famous dried plums with rice dish as well as her mum strawberry parfait. Her parents laughed in the kitchen. Prim couldn't be kept away so rather then try to keep her away they let her wash the vegetables and fetch the ingredients for the dish. The kitchen was at the heart of family life. Though they didn't have much they always had delicious homemade meals even if they didn't always have meat but just carbs. Her mum made a finger lickin' good fried chicken. It was one of Prim's favourites. Another thing that Prim loved was the cake's down at the local bakery. She was a curious girl who had a taste for everything and she was feed up with dad's plum dish and mum's strawberry parfait every year. She wanted them to purchase a cake from the Mellark's Bakery in town. They were lovely cakes and well secretly Katniss had wanted to have one. She knew it wasn't due to money her parents saved for both their birthdays she had seen the jar in their storage closet. Prim asked if they could get Katniss one of those forest cakes she'd seen on the windows of the Mellark bakery. The stunned silence that followed that question was as thick and heavy as the densest fog. Kanitss felt like the air in the room had turned cooler and she could sense the tension rumbling in her parents who were both shaken by the question. Her mother was as distraught as Prim and her father seemed both furious and upset at the same time she could tell from the way he bit onto the inside of his cheek and anger flared in his eyes. "You are to never buy anything or go into that bakery do you understand?" Katniss had never seen her dad so angry like that before. She'd nodded her head and fearful to question it. "Good." He seemed releaved and comforted by the answer. Katniss' mum had gone to console Prim who had run to her room to cry. She really wanted one of those cakes for Katniss' birthday next year and Katniss did too. They were so beautiful and she bet delicious too. The whole situation was puzzling. She'd never met Mr and Mrs Mellark before. She'd only caught glimpses of them as she walked past the bakery to and from school. The bakery had always smelled of spices and freshly baked goods when she passed by. The aromas overloaded her senses. The other thing was the designs of the cakes were phenomenal – they were cakes like out of a fantasy, a dream. They had cakes that were like a cat, a forest, and one that was like a ball gown for the doll in the middle. This why was Katniss and Prim always stopped to admire them for a few moments. They were so magical and you couldn't help them stealing your breath away. Their youngest son, Peeta was in her class a school so she knew him though they'd never spoken before. Katniss had seen him casting glances at her. The times she had caught him his cheeks blushed and he'd given her a small sweet smile before casting his eyes away usually down into his hands. He'd been cheerful, shy and quiet boy. The sound of Finnick crunching on caramelised peanuts pulls her back to the room. He eats so much sugar, which he says he does for the extra energy, like he needs any more than the one he was born with. It's like the sounds of a squirrel munching away. She's not sure how Annie copes. She shakes her head as she watches him reach into his front pocket, pulls out a handful more and throws them into the air and catches them in his mouth. He looks like a seal. It's the bobbing movement of his head that makes her think so. He's so adorable. She doesn't want to talk about this or think about it. So she partially answers his question. If she decided to share she knows Finnick would listen but she can't. "This is how I'm now. That's all that matters." "It's how it is. " She puts her hand up to silence him. "I know." "I was just asking. As your friend." I nod. He smirks, "So I've guessing you've never received birthday sex. If you feel so crabby about your birthday." I wasn't expecting that. I feel my eyes enlarge. "What?" "You know having birthday sex is the best way to celebrate. There's this song." He snaps his fingers, "How did it go?" She's still in shock, she definitely doesn't want to talk about this with Finnick, when she hears him clearing his throat. Singing is not one of his talents the sounds that come out his mouth are out of tune. It's your birthday, so I know you want to ride out You say you want passion and I think you found it Tell me where you want your gift, girl? Girl you know I, girl you know I, I been feenin' Wake up in the late night, been dreamin' about your lovin' Girl you know I, girl you know I Don't need candles and cake, just need your body to make birthday sex She hides her face in her hands as he finishes. The lyrics are direct and explicit. For her sex has always been an intimate thing not somebody she talks about with others. Yet she shouldn't be surprised with RnB being his favourite music genre. He's just being classic Finnick afet all. After all this time being friends with him she no longer blushes at the mention of sex as she once did and she can handle most of the