Note: Thank you to my readers for the support and feedback. I have made a few changes to this new redux of my Albus Potter story, but I hope it proves to be an even better read than the original was. As the Hogwarts Express gathered speed, Albus Severus Potter swiftly stole out of the compartment he had been in, as quietly and as quickly as a field mouse. At the moment, his goal was to actively avoid James and his friends, not wanting to be the butt of James' jokes any longer. James was wild for thirteen and would undoubtedly want to poke fun at Albus or include him in some scheme, which would likely involve Albus getting in trouble before they ever reached the school. This saw Albus slipping down the corridor, keeping his blue eyes peeled for any sign of either James or one of his two constant companions, Freddie and Blaine. Throughout his eleven years of life, Albus had learned that one ought to tread with caution when living with James Sirius Potter. He had once shared a bedroom with his older brother at Grimmauld Place, where their family home was located. It had been an absolute nightmare, because the Potter boys were different in an internal way. Both looked close enough to be related; James and Albus both had brown hair and blue eyes, though James' hair was far more messy than Albus' had ever been. But when compared to quiet, reserved Albus, James was something of a firecracker. Their personalities had clashed on more than one occasion. James was no bully and he had no malicious intentions, but he was always getting himself into sticky situations. Where Albus was content to read or build models, James was more commonly doing things like trying to smuggle puffskeins into the house, or managing to accidentally set the curtains on fire. As Albus strode down the corridor of the train, he glanced into the other compartments. Other children were packed inside of them, much of them older than Albus. In a compartment on the left were some boys that looked about sixteen, having an animated discussion of some kind. In the compartment on the right, Albus saw some thirteen year old girls that were fawning over a tiny pygmy puff that was bobbing around between the two of them. Although he would have liked to walk into one of these compartments and introduce himself to the occupants, he was afraid that he might mistake some second year boys as first years by accident. James had always told Albus that older students didn't want to "babysit" little first years on the way to school, and Albus was petrified that he might accidentally put himself in this position. Albus decided that he would walk towards the back of the train and see if he could find an empty compartment, so that another first year would have to approach him first. If another kid wanted to join him, that was great. If no one did, he was prepared. He had a trunk full of novels that he could read if he got bored. The downside of being in the back was that his cousins were probably seated closer to the front, although Louis was not among them. Louis was born on the third of September and had narrowly missed the age deadline, something he was dreadfully upset about. The usually-jovial boy had locked himself up in his bedroom at Shell Cottage and refused to accompany his siblings to see them off for the year. Louis Weasley was Albus' age and perhaps the cousin he was closest to, out of all of the Weasley cousins. Rose was good company, but she usually preferred Dominique and Molly, both of whom didn't read comic books or throw fistfuls of snow at one another when they met on holiday. Whenever all of the Weasley children and their families gathered at the Burrow over the holiday or for a get-together, Louis was Albus' constant companion. The two cousins were the same height and roughly the same build, though Louis was slightly shorter and a bit more scrawny. Albus sighed when he finally reached the back of the train. There wasn't a single compartment left that was empty, but one of the two at the very back had only one occupant, one that Albus recognized. It was the pale boy with the pointed face that Albus had seen on the platform, the same one that had been with the man that Albus' father had exchanged a glance with. The boy looked up at Albus, blinking before he hastened to open the compartment door. "Hey, do you want to sit with me?" the boy asked in a sort of quiet drawl. "It's a little quiet back here. Boring, really. I could use the company." "Alright," Albus replied back shyly. It seemed like a good opportunity to make a new friend, so he followed the boy into the compartment and chose a seat directly across from the boy, close to the window. The boy was looking him over carefully with a curious eye. His pale blond hair was slicked back like his father's, but his blue eyes seemed to radiate with a kind of warmth and curious interest. "I'm Scorpius Malfoy," the boy introduced politely, offering his hand to Albus. "Who are you?" "Albus Potter," Albus replied meekly, feeling a bit more comfortable as he shook Scorpius' hand. "It's nice to meet you." "Good to meet you too," Scorpius replied back cheerfully. "My father's talked about your dad. Said he's a very good man. I can't imagine it's easy to have a famous dad, is it?" "Is that why people were staring on the platform?" Albus asked, perplexed. Scorpius looked alarmed for a moment, then shook his head. "I suppose it's his choice whether to tell you about that stuff or not," Scorpius mumbled, though not unkindly. "I'll just say that your dad's sort of famous and you ought to try and find a book on him once we get to school. There's bound to be loads of books featuring him in the library, I heard the library at Hogwarts is huge. Don't press me for any more information about him, alright? I don't want your dad coming after me if he didn't want you to know that he's famous." "Your dad was getting stared at a bit too," Albus remarked after thinking Scorpius' words over. "Is he also famous?" "No, not exactly, not at all," Scorpius admitted awkwardly, flushing. "A-anyhow, do you collect chocolate frog cards? There's supposed to be a trolley on the train that we can buy sweets from, so I was hoping that I'd be able to add a few new cards to my collection." Scorpius shrugged off his black sweater and picked up a card carrier that had been resting on the seat beside him. His touch was gentle as he held the carrier and began to leaf through the pages. Albus looked on in admiration at the card collection that was housed within the carrier. The cards inside had no stains or bends in them and looked as though they were all still in perfect, mint condition. Scorpius continued to sift through the pages absentmindedly before looking up and giving Albus a smile. "Yeah, I collect," Albus replied happily as he reached for his own collection; Uncle Ron had told him about the sweets trolley, so he had brought his cards on the train with him. Albus' collection wasn't anywhere near as pristine as Scorpius' was. Some of Albus' cards had been previously owned by James, who had only been interested in cards for a while and who had not particularly taken care of them. "Cool," Scorpius replied, a smile on his face. "That's not too bad of a deck you've got. I'm going to guess that some of the ones that are worse for wear used to be your older brother's? He was on the platform with you." "Yeah, how'd you know that?" Albus asked, a little taken aback. "It's how older brothers are," Scorpius replied in an offhand manner. "They always give you their sloppy seconds of everything. I wouldn't really know - I'm an only child. But we have had dinner guests with kids my age, and they had older brothers. I learned about older brothers from them." "They're not wrong," Albus sighed, staring down at the red t-shirt that he had worn under his black and blue striped shirt. The t-shirt was a bit big on him; even though it belonged to James, who was never big for his age, Albus was even smaller than James had been. "You're lucky," Scorpius sighed as he peered out the window, a thoughtful look on his face as the train cruised through London. "A brother and a sister! I sort of wish that my parents would get me a little sister, but I don't know if my parents want another child." "Enjoy being an only child while you can," Albus joked. "They might surprise you yet." "I doubt it," Scorpius replied back with only a slight frown and a furrowing of his brow. "I think if they had planned on having two kids, I'd have a brother or sister already. It seems a bit late now." Before Albus could formulate a response, the compartment door slid open. A jovial old man in a forest-green vest stood there, clasping the handle of a trolley that was stacked to the brim with sweets. His trolley faced the front of the train and Albus realized that their compartment must be one of his first stops. "Any sweets for you laddies?" the old man asked in a jolly sort of voice. He fixed the boys with a kind smile, a cheery twinkle in his pale blue eyes. "Yeah, of course!" Scorpius chirped brightly, reaching into the pockets of his jeans. Albus rummaged through his own pockets, managing to collect a small pile of coins. The two of them browsed through the contents of the trolley a moment later, admiring the selection of sweets. The old man had just about every candy that Albus could have hoped for. The two boys made a few trips back and forth, filling the empty places in their compartment with sweets, at the expense of their now-empty pockets. They thanked the old man during their last trip, carrying several bottles of icy-cold pumpkin juice back into their compartment. "This is what I'm talking about!" Scorpius exclaimed as he popped open a bottle of pumpkin juice. "A long train ride ahead, a compartment full of sweets, and a treasure trove of chocolate frog boxes waiting to be opened." "What's your favorite sweet?" Albus asked before biting into the soft gelatin of a jelly slug, ripping a chunk of it off. With his free hand, he sifted through the sweets once more before finding a chocolate frog box, placing it down in his lap as Scorpius dug through the goodies. "Fizzing Whizbees, for sure," Scorpius answered happily. "Say, if you get Salazar Slytherin, let me know. I've been looking all over for him, but no one seems to be willing to trade him off. I don't suppose you have a spare?" "I don't," Albus replied as Scorpius sighed. "But I'll trade mine off for something good enough. Have you got Morgan le Fay or Queen Maeve? Those two are high on my list. I'll give you Slytherin for one of them." "You really have one?" Scorpius gasped as Albus nodded. "Will you er...will you part with him for Andros the Invincible? Cliodna? Paracelsus?" "I have all of those," Albus fired back, his smile becoming a touch mischievous. "Morgan or Maeve, that's all I want." "Oh come on, Albus," Scorpius groaned, narrowing his eyes at Albus. "I've only got one of Morgan. Besides, your Salazar card's probably all bent and worn down." "You sure about that?" Albus teased as he pulled out his