A/N: This is my first piece of work, so do please leave a review if you can! Short oneshot with liberal amounts of citrus (obviously), so hope you enjoy. Trigger warnings: slight themes of domination and orgasm control. "Draco, hurry up! If we're late I'm pretty sure Ginny will never speak to me again," Hermione said, exasperated. Ginny had been stressing all week about James' naming ceremony, and Hermione as godmother was feeling a large percentage of it too. He was lounging indolently on the bed in his towel, watching as Hermione stood in her underwear waving her mascara wand around firmly. "Relax, Hermione. I don't need time to look good; I just do," he smirked. She scowled at him because he was right. "And you can't honestly expect me to not do anything with you strutting around in that," he waved his hand at her smooth body clad only in pale blue lace bra and knickers, hair falling loosely around her shoulders. Merlin, but she was beautiful. Predictably, she blushed and came over to swat his chest. "You're insatiable! You can have your fill tonight, but please get ready ," she scolded. He could be so infuriating sometimes. Hermione then shrieked as he grasped her wrist before she could walk away and tugged, bringing her down on top of him. He tangled one hand in her hair and spanned her waist with the other, trailing his lips from her temple to her own. Hermione groaned even as she wished internally they could be just 20 minutes late. "Wherever's the fun in that, darling?" Draco smirked. She rolled her eyes and kissed him briefly, brushing their lips together then put her hands on his torso, pushing herself off. " Later, I promise," she said, walking over to the wardrobe and pulling out her dress. "Zip me in, would you?" It was totally unnecessary to ask Draco, it was a simple spell but she loved it when he did it. Draco obviously liked it too, getting of the bed enthusiastically with a gleam in his eyes. He reached her in front of the mirror and took in her floaty light blue dress, complete with full sleeves and a hemline that he totally approved of. Hermione gave a small, content sigh as he placed his warm hands about her waist and turned her slowly so she was facing the mirror. He stood behind her and they met each others gaze in the mirror. "You know it isn't fair for you to look so ravishing, love," Draco whispered, lowering his head to graze his lips against her neck while still maintaining eye contact through the glass. Hermione's breath caught, but she remained silent. She loved it when he touched her like this, gentle but sexy. He ran his fingers along the expanse of her back, then dipped to do the same with his lips. She shuddered and grasped his hands where they were on her waist. Draco followed his lips with the zip, causing ripples of sensation along her spine then turned her around again, tipping her chin up. "You're so beautiful, Hermione," he murmured. Hermione smiled and wrapped her arms around his neck. "You're not so bad yourself, you know," she grinned, knowing full well he was gorgeous. She arched up and their lips met and she gasped into his mouth when he sneaked his tongue in. She loved kissing Draco. It always felt romantic, even when it was fierce, not to mention he was bloody fantastic at it. Her mouth was tingling from pleasure when he slowed the kiss, pressing their bodies closer together so she could feel every inch of him. Her hands started roaming his bare chest, and he groaned, moving a hand to her hair to angle her face up even more into him. He was drinking from her mouth, owning her, cherishing her and she was to him too. Finally, she pulled away, breathing heavily and chuckling when he tried to follow her mouth. "Enough, Draco," she laughed. "Get ready. James is my first godson and I really don't want to be late." He smiled and pressed a kiss to her forehead. "James is lucky to have you, love." He stepped away to don his own light grey formal robes. While Draco had embraced muggle culture wholeheartedly, he still sometimes preferred to dress in wizarding styles. Not to say he didn't enjoy a well fitting suit — he had spent countless galleons on tailoring shirts and suits. And especially appreciated the way muggle clothes fitted Hermione a lot more than robes. Soon they were both ready. They walked to the Floo in the living room and shortly appeared in the Burrow, where the garden was being set up. Hermione was immediately accosted by a very busy looking Ginny. "Hermione! About time! You wouldn't believe how much there is left to do, and Harry's being a usual dolt and forgot to collect James' robes from Madam Malkin's…," Hermione blinked then gained composure as Ginny dragged her away, still babbling at a frantic pace. She turned around and gave a rueful grin to Draco, knowing she'd be occupied for the next few hours, feeling her heart flutter when he gave her one of his genuine smiles in return. Hermione's main thought was that she needed to take off her shoes. She'd tried for years but no amount of cushioning charms ever seemed to take the ache of heels away. James' ceremony had been lovely and she was so pleased for the family, but the sheer size of the Weasley family plus other friends meant that lunch and greeting everyone was taking ages. Her other pressing thought was getting home and straight in between the sheets with Draco. She knew the man had been piqued in the morning, and for the past two hours he'd been shooting her scorching glances and touching her as much as possible. Now as they were both talking to Luna and her boyfriend Rolf, he was rubbing slow circles into her hip that seemed innocent but to her felt like they were burning through her dress, pants and three layers of skin. Luna was saying something in her usual dreamy way and Hermione just managed to mumble a response. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Draco smirk. Smug bastard. After another long hour passed, they finally made their way to Harry and Ginny and took their leave. As she expected, as soon they stepped out of the Floo Draco pushed her against the wall and claimed her mouth in a hot kiss. His mouth moved seductively against hers, invading her and making her gasp. "Oh, god, Draco," she pushed out. "Not god, baby," he rasped, moving his lips in fiery trails down to her neck. He bit down lightly then laved the area with his tongue, causing Hermione to cry out and arch up into him. "Fuck, Hermione. You looked so hot today, your dress riding up your thigh every time you moved. You know what that does to me? And knowing what you've got on underneath wasn't helping me, baby. You've made me so hard, see? Feel me, Hermione." He pushed his body into hers, ensuring she felt all of him, including the insistent bulge against her stomach. She was spiralling deep into lust, shuddering at Draco's words. Whenever he talked to her during sex it made her so hot for him. Her hand wound up into his hair, yanking him back to her mouth and grabbing him in a fierce kiss. "Upstairs, now," she breathed. "Your wish is my command," he smirked, and Hermione smiled back as she felt the familiar weightlessness of him lifting her up, hands under her arse and her legs locked around him. They held eye contact until they reached the stairs, then she started nuzzling into his neck. Hermione Granger could damn well dirty talk back, too. "I love it when you carry me, Draco. You're so strong, so sexy. I feel safe and wanted," she whispered against him. She licked his neck then traced her tongue up to his ear, biting the lobe softly. She felt him falter and smirked against his skin. "It turns me on so much, makes me so wet. All just for you. I'm so wet just for you, please. " He loved it when she begged, and usually she managed to hold out for a lot longer than that. Draco growled and slammed her into the wall of the stairs, kissing her so passionately she thought she might explode. She moaned into him and arched up, grinding her throbbing clit against his hard stomach. He jerked back, breathing harshly. "Fuck, Hermione. Let me get you upstairs then I'm going to make you come so hard you'll forget your name." He sped up the remaining stairs and entered their bedroom, setting her down. He stepped back and took a moment to survey her with her swollen lips, mussed hair, panting breath and flushed cheeks. She was a vision. Hermione's heart rate sped up as he looked her over, clearly appreciating the view. His hair too was messy, his own lips pink and he'd managed to take off his robes, leaving him in his shirt and trousers. She went forward to undo his shirt, but he stopped her with a hand cupping her face. He brought his hand down her breastbone, and around her breast, flicking a nipple lightly. It hardened and Hermione jerked. Draco shot her a smirk and continued his warm hand down the curve of her waist and belly, bringing it so it just rested against her hot mound. Hermione whimpered and tried to push her hips into his hand, but he stilled her again with a light swat to her thigh. "Your legs in this dress should be fucking illegal, baby," he said. He moved back some more and looked her in the eye. "Strip for me. Slowly." Hermione rejoiced. Dominating Draco was one of his most sexy moments. She toed off her heels, sinking a few inches and sighing with relief. Then she wandlessly undid her zip, gradually peeling the fabric off her shoulders. She knew how this was going to go, this teasing that never failed to rile her up, never failed to bring her to ecstasy in the end. She paused and looked up at him from under her lashes. Draco growled again and swore, palming himself over his trousers. God, that was hot when he touched himself. She grinned and continued sliding her dress down, letting it pool at her bare feet and she was just in the underwear that had gotten Draco so aroused in the morning. She heated up as his eyes darkened. Hermione stepped out of the dress and stalked towards him, exuding pure sex. Draco brought both large hands to her waist and smoothed them upwards, making circles on her bra, inching close to but never touching her nipples. Her breath hitched and she pleaded to him with her eyes. He continued to circle his thumbs until she thought she would surely cry out, then he pinched both nipples firmly and she did cry out, throwing her head back. "Look at me," Draco intoned, his voice low and gruff. She did, and he held her nipples until they burned. He let them go and the blood rushed back and Hermione's clit pulsed in envious response. "Undress me." Draco ordered. She first reached up to lick his ridiculously sharp jawline then trailed her hands over his shirt. She undid the buttons, parting the fabric then exploring his torso with her small warm hands. His muscles rippled under her touch and she felt a new sense of urgency, kissing his chest and undoing his belt rapidly. She started in surprise as Draco tugged away, tearing his clothes off, and lifted her up again. Pulling her into a searing kiss, he walked backwards to the edge of the bed, settling her to