So, here it is! The first of a few one shots and missing moments that I'll be offering throughout the story :) it takes place way in the future... probably after the end of Mary Alice. Enjoy! You all earned it! *_*Jasper*_* We've fallen into a familiar pattern now. I stay downstairs while she gets ready for bed, and then come up after she's all settled in. It gives her a bit of time alone to process the day, as well as some privacy to get ready for bed, and it gives me a minute downstairs alone to discuss anything I need to with any of the others who go to school all day. She's gotten used to the concept that I might not want to say everything I need to around her, the same way that sometimes she needs time to talk to Rosalie or Esme without me around. Of course, it's for an entirely different reason, but it's part of the give and take of our routine. Tonight I need the time more than usual, I've been working over an idea in my mind and I'm looking for advice. I even talked to Esme about it earlier, swearing her to secrecy, but I was hoping to catch Edward for a minute before I talked to Alice. Although I'm sure that Esme hasn't said anything out loud, I can't begrudge her gushing in her thoughts, so I'm assuming Edward already knows what I want to talk to him about. I figure that the only one in the house who knows her opinions and thoughts better than I do is him, so who better to ask? I turn the corner and nearly run into him. I guess I've been more involved in my thoughts than I realized, I didn't even hear him walking toward me, which would have been pretty obvious if I was paying attention. "Edward" I greet, trying to play off the fact that I nearly ran into him even though I could've heard him from the next block. He smiles, obviously hearing both my current monologue and knowing what I want to speak with him about. "Jasper. Do you want to head outside for a minute?" "Sure, of course." Outside would be a good plan, I need to stay close enough to hear when she's ready for bed, but I'd like to get far enough away to speak without her being able to hear me. I follow him out to the tree line. It seems close to me, but I know that he can hear from her thoughts that she can't make out words from this far, so it's far enough. "You wanted to talk to me?" "Um, yeah. You already know what I've been thinking. Do you think it's a good idea? Has she thought about it? You think it's too much?" I know that I'm asking everything all at once, but I'm nervous to hear the answer. I feel like a child asking permission, but I push the thought aside. Edward knows how she thinks better than I do; it's just smart to get an idea of the terrain rather than marching in blindly. "Depending on your timing, I think it'll go fine. She's pretty tired already tonight, so maybe not yet, but I think she'll be happy when you ask. She's been waiting for you to decide for a bit now. She still isn't sure about her visions, but she almost went looking just to see when you'd ask and if she'd be okay. She's definitely been thinking about it and she wants to be alright with it. I think it'll be fine." "Thanks, Edward. I know that hearing everything puts you unfairly in the middle sometimes, but that really is helpful. I wish that things could be different before I ask, but I guess perfect doesn't come in real life, we've just got to work with what we've got." "Yeah, I think you're right about that." With a final nod I head back toward the house. She's almost done getting ready and I want to make sure to be there right when she finishes, to spend as much time as I can with her before she falls asleep. These times are some of my favorite with her. The guarded, daytime Alice melts away into silly, childlike half-asleep Alice, and I can imagine that maybe that is the Alice that she was as a child, before any of this happened to her. When I hear the bathroom door open, I shoot one last look at Edward and he gives me a reassuring nod. I head toward the stairs and make it to her room in no time, tapping on the door before she even makes it over to the bed. "Okay, come in Mr. Impatient." She whispers, giggling slightly to herself as she falls unceremoniously onto the giant bed. I push open the door and walk over to her, pulling back the covers on the bed and setting her under them. I know that she gets cold sleeping without them, and when she flops down on top of them like that she's usually too tired to figure out how to get out from on top of them before she goes to sleep, so I've taken it upon myself to make sure she makes it all the way into the bed before she passes out. When she's properly situated I sit down against the foot of the bed and she scoots over until her head is resting on my calf. I can clearly feel the heat of her skin through the thin fabric, but I can't let myself get distracted by it. I've discovered that sitting next to her against the bed from is a bad idea, as she would often end up sprawled across my lap in her sleep, which is hardly ideal for trying to get… comfortable… to stay there with her through the night. Tonight especially, I need to keep my focus. "So, how was your snack with Rose?" She says something nearly incomprehensible, but I think I decipher the word 'nummy'. I can't exactly tell because the end is swallowed by a giant yawn. "I'm glad you two have been having such a good time. You didn't seem as riled up today when you came home. Is that a good sign?" I should have known not to ask her a question that requires a real response. She murmurs something into the pillow she's pulled over to lay on top of my leg and turns her face back toward me, but her eyes are closed. I can't help but smile at the sight, she has her fluffy pillow folded over my leg, her face pressed half into it and her arm looped into the crook of my knee like a security blanket. "That good, huh?" "Don't make fun of me Mr. 'lock. I beat you up." Although she slurs them a little, the words are separate enough to understand this time. I think she comes up with a new name for me nearly every night she's really tired. Although I would never admit this to anyone, I keep a complete list of them in my mind and they're one of my favorite things about my name. I mentally add that one near the top. "You beat me up, huh? How you gonna do that?" I imitate her soft speech and missing words, hoping to keep her for just a few minutes more before she falls asleep completely. "You're gonna let me." She replies in nearly one connected word, as if that was obviously the answer. I smile, of course that would be her response. "Don't be so sure about that, princess. You're going to have to work for it." "Princesses live in castles 'n go to balls." I have no idea where that came from, but I guess it's a logical response, sort of. "And you don't, Alice?" "Nope. Gotta stay home and do homework so I don't become Princess Dropout." "Is she related to the princess on Emmett's game? Or maybe the one on that board game… how about the one from that book you like?" She gives me a look, but it's hardly stern as she's only employing the use of the eye not covered in the pillow. Somehow fierce doesn't exactly come across in only one drooping eyelid. "Besides, you don't even have school tomorrow, and it's Carlisle and Esme's hospital event, so it's our day off." She turns her head farther into the pillow and mutters something that sounds curiously like "this math is trying to eat me". I don't think that could be right, but I can't put any other English words together when the sounds I've just heard, so I guess that's what she said. "Math, Alice? What are you talking about?" She turns her head back toward me, and out of the pillow, before she replies slowly and dramatically, but with her eyes still closed. "So much math to do. They must be tryin' a kill me." I can't help the small chuckle that escapes at this. She's been having trouble keeping up with Edward's advanced class since the beginning, but only she would tell me that the math was trying... to eat her. It's just so typically her. "Sounds like you need a prince to save you from your homework." I lean forward and tap her head gently and she throws her free arm out blindly, trying to swat my hand away but managing to just barely miss whacking her fingers on the oak headboard instead. "You better be careful or you're going to be beating yourself up. Keep your hands to yourself, little miss." I think she intends to stick her tongue out at me, but she loses interest before she even gets her face far enough away from the pillow and falls back. "'re not the prince, you're the dragon," she tells me. Her tone is probably meant to be matter of fact, but I can hear the smile creeping in. "Well, would the dragon take you to the ball?" I ask, sliding the silver and white slips of paper into what would be her line of sight, should she open her eyes. "No, the dragon would eat the 'rincess. But if I'm not her, I guess 'm safe." "You must be the she-dragon then. Rose will be very disappointed to learn she's been dethroned. So, are you going to come with me, or not?" She smiles her silly, half smile, but still doesn't open her eyes. "I don't know about you, Major-major, but this scaly creature will be getting beat up by chem-stry tomorrow. No banquest for me." I'm assuming that was intended to be 'banquets', but the slur is catching back up with her again. I've also apparently been graced with a second name in the same night. I don't stop to consider how she found out my rank. I operate under the assumption that she knows a lot more about my past than what I've told her, and I try not to think about how she came upon some of the specifics. "Well, I guess I'll just have to find someone else to take to the hospital gala tomorrow. It's going to be terribly dull sitting there for hours listening to how much Rosalie despises me." Finally, one eye pops open, followed immediately by the other as soon as she sets sight on the tickets lying next to her on the pillow. "But I thought you couldn't go? I thought none of us could?" "I couldn't very well let you miss it, now could I? But it's only fair that I warn you, I intend to take a date." Her face falls immediately, and I wonder what I've said wrong. I wanted her to know that I'm asking her out, not just inviting her to an event along with me. I'd figured out that the whole family usually goes