A Safe Haven In honor of my daughter who amazes me with her persevering spirit and sweet nature, and in memory of my father. Dad, I miss you. o-o-o-o-o "Yes. Well. I'll let you know what we decide." I couldn't breathe. How could my voice sound so normal when I couldn't breathe? "Certainly, Mr. Masen. Take a day or two to talk it over with your family. However, if you are going to move her it should be done as soon as possible." I didn't look at him. The compassion in his voice was bad enough; I couldn't bear to see the pity on his face. Somewhere in my head I wondered if the compassion was real. How many of these conversations did he have to have in a week, or a month? How could he stand it? "Yes. Thank you. I'll let you know." I reached out blindly to shake his hand, then retraced my steps back to the room. Nothing had visibly changed in the ten minutes I'd been gone, even though everything was now different. My mother still slept, her frail, wasted body belying the force of her personality. Aunt Esme wasn't back from the cafeteria yet, and my cousin Alice was still curled up in the chair she'd pulled as close as she could to the side of my mother's bed. She took one look at my face and squeezed her eyes shut, hunching over and making herself smaller in her seat. I took one step backwards, then another. Then I ran. o-o-o-o-o My bodyguard chased me, of course. As I sped past him in the parking garage I hollered for him to stay with my family. I didn't need him. I just needed to drive. I headed north of the city, getting off the interstate and weaving my way over smaller roads when the traffic became intolerable. I ignored my phone as it buzzed with texts and calls, relaxing a little as the urban sprawl gave way to trees and smaller towns, trying not to think about why I was out here in the first place. I pulled off the road into a parking area for the Little Gunpowder Trail and stared through the trees at the light sparkling on the water, feeling the first stirrings of guilt for running off the way I had. My phone rang again and I answered it without looking. "Eddie!" I pulled the phone away from my ear in surprise and looked at it for a second. "Emmett?" "The one and only!" he proclaimed. I heard Rosalie snort in the background. He continued conversationally, "So, what's this I hear about you shaking off Paul and leaving havoc and destruction in your wake?" "How did you… did Paul call you? On your honeymoon?" "Actually, Paul did not call me, which is the secondary reason I'm going to fire him." "What? But—" He kept talking. "No, Paul called your manager, your publicist, and your agent. Why your agent I have no idea, unless he thought you should get a role in a remake of Chariots of Fire . According to her, he was loudly cursing your impossible speed." "So Tanya called you?" "No, no, I heard that from someone else. I also heard that while she was talking to him he suddenly began shrieking like a girl while continuing to curse like a longshoreman. Apparently he thought it was a good idea to punch a cinderblock wall and broke his hand." "So he never even left the parking garage? I told him to go back up to the room!" "Oh, he left the parking garage, but only to go to the ER." He added reflectively, "I'd like to find a way to retroactively fire him so you don't have to pay for his treatment, but I don't think I can." I pinched the bridge of my nose. "How on earth do you know all this? And are Aunt Esme and Alice okay? And my mom?" "The ladies are all fine. Your Uncle Carlisle said—" "What?! How did he get involved in all this? He's not even in the state!" "Eddie, Eddie, Eddie." He was shaking his head mockingly at me. It didn't matter that I couldn't see him; I still knew it. "Don't you remember our youth? Uncle Carlisle always knows everything that's going on. Hell, he probably knows where you are right now. Speaking of which, where are you?" "I'm not sure," I admitted. "I bet Uncle Carlisle knows," he said in a sing-song voice. I snorted. "Yeah, whatever. The last town I remember going through was called Fork." "Fork? Yeah, right." "No, seriously. It was called Fork." "You're sure it was Fork ? A singular fork?" I could hear him tapping away at computer keys, probably pulling up a map to see where I was. "Yes, of course I'm sure," I replied caustically. "It wasn't Spoon? Or Knife? That would be better than Fork. Or, I know! Spork!" He began laughing maniacally. In the background, Rosalie told him to stop being an idiot. I just rolled my eyes and waited for him to stop. "You done? Now did you talk to Uncle Carlisle? Or somebody else?" He scoffed. "Why would I want to talk to anyone else when I could talk to the fount of knowledge that is Uncle Carlisle? Besides security at the hospital. I called them before trying to get hold of you and asked them to have someone keep an eye on your ladies. So like I said, they're all fine." "Thanks, Em," I said in relief. "No problemo, Eduardo. We've got to keep the ladies safe and happy while I find out what made you run off in a spastic fit." "I did not have a spastic fit!" He may have been my best friend of twenty years and a great head of security, but one day I really was going to kill him. "Whatever, dude. We can define terms later. Uncle Carlisle talked to your lovely aunt, who told him that Alice said the doctor asked to speak to you, and when you came back you looked, and I quote, 'horrific.' Alice said she closed her eyes because she was afraid to ask what happened, and then she heard Paul yelling and you were gone. Aunt Esme also heard Paul's big mouth as she got off the elevator, but by the time she got to the room you both were long gone. Down the stairwell, I gather?" "Yes. It seemed best, if I was going to get away from Paul." "By all means, Ed, let getting away from Paul take priority over your anonymity," he replied sarcastically. "You're just lucky the stairwell was best for that too. Paul wasn't stupid enough to yell your name, was he?" "I don't think so. I was more focused on getting away from him, but I'm sure I would have noticed." I hoped so, anyway. "Good, good. I can just fire him and not kill him, then. Your aunt also talked to Tanya—who knew Tanya was so popular? I didn't. Though actually, I think Tanya called her after she couldn't get hold of you. So that's how we know about the cursing and the girly shrieks and the Chariots of Fire ." I laughed a little and he sighed. "Finally, a laugh. Lay it on me, Eddie. What did the doctor say?" "He…" My voice cracked and I cleared my throat. "It didn't work, Em." He was quiet for a long moment. "So, what's next? They add anything to the bottom of that list?" "No. They don't… there isn't anything else to try." I scrubbed my free hand over my face and tried to keep my voice steady. "I'm supposed to talk to everyone about where to take her, back to Chicago, or home with me, or…" I took a deep breath. "She could stay in the hospital, but I don't want that. Whatever we do, it has to be soon." The phone dropped into my lap as I pressed the heels of my hands against my eyes. After a moment I heard Emmett's distant voice yelling at me. "Sorry. Had to set the phone down." "Don't worry about it, Ed. Listen, man, we're coming home. I'll send you our travel info when I have it and you let me know where we should head when we hit the States." "Emmett, no!" He ignored me. "From a security standpoint, your house is better, but I can cover wherever you guys decide is best for her." "Em, I really don't want to wreck your honeymoon." "Bah, my boss is good for another one. Right, boss? Besides, if you think I could enjoy myself here knowing that Mama M is…" His voice faltered, and he cleared his throat. "No. We're coming home. Don't make me sic Rosie on you." "It's only another five days, Em. You don't—" "That's it," he interrupted almost cheerfully. "You asked for it." His voice grew fainter, "Baby, talk some sense into Ed, will you? And let me use your phone?" Even though I knew it was coming, I still flinched as Rosalie's sharp tone filled my ear. "Edward Anthony Masen, why are you giving us such a hard time? Are we your friends or not?" "Of course you're my friends!" I exclaimed, taken aback. "Then why won't you let us help you?" "I—" She talked right over me. I'd like to say she picked that habit up from Emmett, but she'd already been that way the day we met her. "That's what friends do, you know. They help each other. And you! You're forever helping someone! You need to let people return the favor. Stop acting like you don't need anyone. It's insulting. Do you want help or not?" "Yes! All right? Yes, I want help!" "Thank you," she said primly. "We would be glad to help you, Edward. Now was that so hard?" "You are completely infuriating, Rosalie Lillian Hale McCarty." "Yes, I know. So are you, when you middle-name me. And when you get all pig-headed and don't let people help you. And when you—" "Yeah, yeah, yeah." I cut her off before she could continue reciting what was undoubtedly a long list of my sins. "I just don't want to wreck your honeymoon—I would think you'd appreciate that, being the bride and all." Her voice softened. "I do appreciate it. Truly. Honestly though, Edward, we were talking yesterday and realized that neither of us really wanted to be so far away, under the circumstances. We were each trying to cover it up for the other, but we've both been kind of antsy. We should have talked about it before; we could have gone somewhere closer or put it off until… just put it off, for a while. Anyway, that doesn't matter now. How are you holding up?" "I'm... uh, I've been better. I can't… I don't know how…" I took a shaky breath and tried to get a grip, but still ended up asking desperately, "How do I do this, Rose?" "We're all going to be there to help you bear it, Edward. I promise." Her voice was kinder than I'd ever heard it. For some reason, it made me feel worse. "Emmett wants to talk to you again, okay? You hang in there, and we'll see you tomorrow." There was muffled talking, then Emmett came back on the line. "Okay, Ed. Seth is on his way to you; his flight leaves LA in about an hour. He'll check in with you when he gets to the hotel. He's going to take Paul's room; I've already informed that fool that he's fired, gotten him a room by the airport, and a seat on a red-eye back to California tomorrow morning. I've told him not to contact you, so you let me know if he does. I've arranged for a car to pick up Alice and your Aunt Esme, so don't worry about