Author's note: This story will have an HEA (happily ever after). This was originally a complete one-shot but I've taken down the second half to extend it. Updates will be rather sporadic due to real life, however the old completed one-shot is still available on the profile page of the Twilight Diversity Contest. I'll also be adding historical notes and translations at the bottom of each chapter (You can skip them). Will give it my best shot at accuracy but I'm neither a history major nor a native speaker of Chinese/Latin (just an internet surfer extraordinaire) so there might be mistakes. Also, artistic license has been sprinkled here and there for the story's sake :-) Special thanks to Betas EdwardsFirstKiss , dollarbanks and LX for her help with Chinese Pre-readers lazyncrazy , ggb-luma Glossary Li Rong (丽容) : lasting beauty, a feminine Chinese name Serica ( of silk ): China and the eastern regions, as known to the Romans Seres ( the people of the land of silk) : The people of Serica, as known to the Romans Da Qin (大秦, the Great Qin ): The Roman Empire, as known to the Chinese Rinan : present-day Vietnam, previously under Chinese rule Concubine : A woman who lives with a man but has a lower status than his wife. The higher the status of the man, the more concubines he is likely to have. In ancient China, the emperor can have thousands, and they are ranked according to his favour and whether or not they bear sons. Eunuch : A castrated man employed to guard the living quarters of women in the imperial court 166 A.D .: The year when the first recorded emissary from Rome arrived in China Bella. She hadn't known what it meant, initially. The name had been a gift, the pretty sound tumbling from his lips like a waterfall. His Chinese had been simple, broken, and the musical language he'd spoken was a mystery. Even now she didn't know where it was from. She stared at the cold steel above her, closing her eyes. So many times, he'd drawn a map on the wet earth, trying to teach her, to help her understand his origins. Sea, far, very far, he'd finally managed to say, after several weeks of painstaking exchanges with the local traders. When understanding lit her eyes, he'd smiled brightly, his lips forming a euphony of syllables, only two of which she'd understood. Bella. By a funny twist of fate, it had the same meaning as her original name: Bella. Li Rong. Beautiful. It was what everyone had said when they saw her as a child. Na me mei! They'd exclaimed, their eyes bright. How beautiful she is! The goddess of beauty had moulded Li Rong with her golden fingers, people sighed. As she'd grown, tales of her loveliness had spread, and artists flocked to paint her classically beautiful features: wide doe-eyes, clear skin and a tiny mouth. The local poets penned extravagant praises for her. She puts the flowers to shame. She entices the birds to fall, and the fish to sink—so exquisite is she. Among thousands and thousands of girls who'd gone to Luoyang for the selection, she'd been plucked out of the crowd like a ripe fruit. She'd passed the inspection easily—the endless arbitrary requirements. Slender. A straight nose. Sloping shoulders. Long narrow eyebrows. Lustrous hair. No birthmarks or scars. Check, check, check. All of it had been for nothing. Her tightly bound hands closed into fists as she bore the pain. Her kneecaps and ankles ached fiercely from kneeling. Rope bit into already tender skin, cutting off most of her breathing as it looped over her shoulders and tied off at her back. The palace guards knew how to mete out pain with frightening accuracy. Bella , he'd whispered. It was her beauty that was going to kill her, after all. It was her beauty that had driven her mother to take her own life in a plea for hers. It was her beauty that would've killed him, had she not forced him to leave. She'd been foolish. So, so foolish. Of course the eunuchs had been spying on her. There were eyes everywhere within the palace walls. Concubines belonged to the emperor. It didn't matter that he had four thousand of them. It didn't matter that he barely remembered her face, let alone her name. It didn't matter that her mother had done nothing wrong. All that mattered was that she, a common girl from a modest village, had been chosen as one of the emperor's esteemed concubines—a privileged position many would die for—and she'd thrown it away for a man with whom she had no future. A man she'd never see again. She'd disgraced herself, she'd disgraced her family, and worst of all, she'd disgraced the emperor himself—the Son of Heaven. She'd soiled his reputation, trampled on it as though it were mud. And for that, she had to pay with her life. Sea, far, very far . She hoped it was where he was now, far away from the emperor's wrath. As she heard the command ordering her end, she bowed her head, the vivid blue waters swimming crystal clear before her eyes. Three months earlier " Currite!" Marcus roared, lashing his steed. The horses brayed, hooves thundering as their small company fled from the Rinan bandits. They ran for their lives, but the gifts they carried—rhinoceros horns, ivory and tortoise shell acquired during their trade along the Silk Road— slowed them down. One of the bandits clambered onto their carriage and brandished his curved blade, clearly intending to cut it free from the horses and pillage its contents. Marcus unsheathed his sword but Eduardus had already released his arrow. It caught the man in the shoulder and he cried out in pain before losing his balance, bouncing and rolling several times along the hard gravel. " Vadete celerius! " Marcus yelled, urging the men to go faster. The rush was mad. Overworked horses were whipped, more arrows were fired, all this under the relentless glare of the sun. By the time they were safely across the border, Eduardus' shirt was soaked from the exertion, his heart pounding in his ears. Despite the bandits, spirits were high. They had reached Serica and were finally nearing their destination, the capital Luoyang . Their most skilled navigator had estimated an optimistic two months. The journey had been gruelling. They'd travelled for so many years that Eduardus had grown from a boy to a man along the way. His father, the original emissary, had died of an illness while they were still at sea. Marcus had taken over. The older man flashed him an approving grin as they slowed, passing him a flask of water with his coarse, vein-rough hands. He'd been a fine surrogate father to Eduardus, caring for the boy and teaching him the way around weapons. Eduardus wasn't large, coming up just to Marcus' ear. Although agile, his growth had been stunted by the lack of food during their travels. As a result, he'd come to favour the bow and arrow over the sword; accuracy and speed over strength. A deadly archer, he could hit targets accurately from astonishing distances and had saved many of their men that way. "Aquam indigemus," Marcus murmured, as they passed through a mid-sized Serican settlement. We need water . It was Eduardus' turn to ask. He slid down from his horse, glad to be on his feet again. His muscles were sore from the endless riding. The village was teeming with people bustling about their daily life. Farmers ploughed the fields, toiling despite the heat, and he heard loud clanking from the blacksmiths. Smoke escaped from the chimney of a large stone structure sitting on a raised platform. He took it in with wonder. As they'd sailed, they'd seen the Kushans and the Parthians during the refuelling along the coast. They'd seen the Rinans, and passed many villages and towns, but he'd never seen such a sophisticated structure. Such a thing didn't exist in Rome, he mused, as he watched the blacksmith scoop molten metal from the large pit, pour it into a mould and begin to hammer. If they had blacksmiths, they had water. But where? And how could he ask? The further they'd travelled, the more widely the language began to deviate from Latin. 'Nước' had been the Rinan word for water, but what was the word for it here? "Nước?" he tried asking a passerby, but only received a puzzled look. "Aqua?" he tried again, this time in Latin. The man scratched his head and walked away after giving him a strange look. Eduardus wandered along the marketplace, searching for someone to ask. People were busy with their labour, spinning, farming, hammering, hardly taking any notice of him. That was when he saw her—a girl with a bucket of water. Water! He approached her cautiously. Here, men and women seemed to mingle freely but he'd experienced enough to be wary. "Me excusa," he said tentatively. "Me excusa, domina..." She stopped, and his heart nearly stopped as well. Even barefaced and in simple clothes, the peasant girl was arresting. Her features were exquisitely feminine, beautiful, seeming to belong in a painting or on a doll. That she was living and breathing before him was a shock. He blinked at her dumbly and she tilted her head, confused by his behaviour. The movement made him catch himself, made him realise that he was acting like a fool seeing the sky for the first time. He cleared his throat, regaining his bearings. Water. He needed water. "Aqua." He gestured at her filled bucket. "Ubi?" She squinted at him. "Ni yao shen me a?" she asked. "Aqua," he repeated. Exaggeratedly, he mimed slurping water from his hands. The look of disgust flitting over her features was a clear sign that she'd misunderstood. "Non, non," he said hastily, realising that his gesture could be seen as lewd, but a beefy blacksmith had stepped in front of her, glaring at Eduardus. Faex . He took a step back, raising his hands in surrender. "Aqua," he repeated. Mehercle! He just wanted water! He pointed at the bucket and mimed drinking again—this time from a cup. Understanding lit up in the girl's eyes, but the blacksmith was already yelling at him, saying something he couldn't understand. Within seconds, more men had gathered around him, distrust and antagonism in their eyes. This was bad. This was very bad. Where was Marcus? Eduardus looked around, but realised he'd wandered too far into the village centre, out of sight of the others. There was more yelling, and he could see that the surrounding crowd was getting angrier and angrier. The girl tried to say something, but no one was paying attention to her. Faex, faex , faex! Eduardus cursed to himself, wanting to leave but unable to do so with so many people surrounding him. Out of nowhere, someone's fist shot out, catching him hard in the jaw. The blacksmith. He hurled another punch and Eduardus threw his hands before his face, not daring to fight back for fear of escalation. As he backed away, he slammed into a man in the crowd, unintentionally elbowing him in the nose. It was the only spark they needed. There was a cry of rage and then blows began to rain down on him from all directions. He fell to the ground, stars exploding before his eyes, tasting blood in his mouth. On the other side of the commotion, Li Rong watched with dismay. "Bie da le!" she shouted, grabbing onto blacksmith Wen. " Bie da le!" Stop fighting! But no one was listening to her. Determined to stop them, she grabbed her bucket of cold water, throwing it over the furious men. It surprised them enough that they paused. She seized the chance to speak. Stop hitting him! It was a misunderstanding.