Author's Notes: Wonderful Wereflamingo over at AO3 betaed this to me; although I did tweak with multiple scenes after that so I apologize for any possible oddities or errors left. Also, this story is intended to work as a oneshot, but it is actually based on notes I have for the "seventh year AU fic" I am working on; my notes kept expanding and I started to come up with so many actual scenes that I decided to turn the "background story" into its own fic. The actual seventh year fic is currently a very early WIP and my first attempt on long multi-chaptered fic, but I hope I will finish it and after editing can show to you too one day. You can find me in Tumblr as "mirgaxus"; you can follow me there to see instantly when I post a new fic, or just to come say hi! :) First Year The first time Sirius saw Remus Lupin, Remus was doped. Sirius didn't know that until a couple of years later and at the time he had just thought of Remus as an endearingly strange first year. Sirius and James had been searching for the empty compartment after meeting and bonding over their shared loathing of all-things-Slytherin. They hadn't had luck, and when they had finally found a compartment which was almost empty and had had only one boy around their age, they had rushed in. The boy sat next to the window, relaxed, head thrown back and eyes shut. His robe looked second-hand and his face was scarred; so different to James and Sirius, both with their fresh new tailor made and fitted robes and epitomes of healthy pre-pubescent boys. He had a soft smile on his face and he looked like he was sleeping and having a nice dream. Only the slight turn of his head towards the door and widening of his smile when they entered revealed that he was actually awake. James and Sirius flopped down on the seats next to the door. Sirius sat on the same side as the boy while James sat across from Sirius. "Hey, you are not a Slytherin or a Slytherin-wannabe, right?" asked James cheerfully from the boy, their meeting with that Snape boy still clearly fresh in his mind. The boy, whose eyes were still closed, pursed his lips for a moment and thought before answering. "I'm nothing." His face split into a wide smile again; he seemed pleased with the thought. "I'm nothing! I'm nobody. We are all nothing and nothing matters yet." He sighed in content. James stared at the boy, and then to Sirius with wide owly eyes. Sirius stuffed his hand in his mouth to stop himself from laughing. Privately, Sirius found himself agreeing with the boy: he felt like he had left his past life behind and entered a new life, where nothing mattered - not him being Black, not the expectations on him, not the pureblood society's rules. Nothing mattered and they were all nothing, and it was indeed a freeing thought, even if a little naive. "Er, okay, mate," said James. "I guess nothing is better than Slytherin." "Nothing matters and nothing feels nothing," the boy said dreamily. "Nothing is better than anything." The train journey went peacefully after that; the boy told them that his name was Nobody, and they shared some sweets, and because everything else was so odd and more noticiably about the boy, it took them until the train had stopped and they were all outside before they realized that the boy kept his eyes closed because he didn't exactly need them or couldn't use them. At that point, it was just one minor oddity on top of everything else. And it took them until Professor McGonagall called his name to find out that Nobody did have a name and was actually called Remus Lupin. The boy had started to behave more subsided by then and when a Gryffindor prefect had guided him to sit beside Sirius at the table, Sirius greeted him with a grin: "Hello, Remus 'Nobody'." Remus sighed and, with a slightly unhappy smile on his face, muttered: "I prefered to be Nobody." "Do you think they would let us both just drop our names and be Nobodies?" wondered Sirius. Remus' lips twitched. "I doubt that. People take names so seriously . They wouldn't know how to handle nameless people." Sirius nodded gravely, and said, "I'm nodding, by the way. Just letting you know. Hey, would you like me to make some live commentary on the sorting? You are missing all the good bits; one of the Professors just dropped her hat in soup." Remus raised his eyebrow. "That's quite an achievement, since the food hasn't even been served yet." "Well, since you want to be a smartass about it, obviously we haven't been served our food yet. But of course you can't see the teachers' table from here, so I can only assure you that they have their food already there. There's actually a big fuss going on, they tried to get the hat out of the soup but now there's soup all over the table and-" Remus snickered, but the redheaded girl beside Sirius gasped. "Black! It's rude to lie to him like that!" "Don't worry about me, I can seeright through him and his lies," said Remus to the girl between his snickers, and Sirius fought back a smile. Sirius turned to the girl and started to say to him in a very solemn voice, "I'm sorry, I know it's very serious and I shouldn't -," but then Remus had cracked up laughing and Sirius couldn't help but laugh too and then they were both just laughing until James joined them at the table and demanded to know what was so funny. Second Year "No! Wh- why would you think that?" said Remus Lupin and dropped his book. "Because you, Remus," said Sirius and picked up the book, "are the worst liar of the Hogwarts' history." They were in their dorm, just the two of them, and it was a Thursday afternoon after the lessons. Remus was packing his things, once again leaving for one of his 'highly suspicious trips to home', as James had dubbed them. Remus stood there, face flushed. "Did you pick it up?" he asked awkwardly. Sirius touched Remus' arm with the book's cover and the boy snatched it back from him. "No changing the subject," said Sirius in a sing-song voice. "Where are you really going?" "I told you. My parents found some Muggle doctor, who has convinced them that he could fix my sight. It's a waste of money, clearly, everything has been tried already, but they'll be happy if I go and they can feel like they are doing something to help me-" "I love it when you lie to me," Sirius interrupted him. "You get all twitchy and obvious about it. You sound so rehearsed when you plunge into your explanations. It's so cute , you thinking you can outsmart us." Remus blushed further and did his best to clear his face from all twitching or other betraying signs. He failed. "I'm not lying. I'm your friend, you should trust me," he said, trying to sound offended, but really, he just ended up sounding more guilty and ashamed and his words sounded more like a nervous question than an exclamation of indignation. "Don't you even try to play that card, Mister Liar," said Sirius smugly. "Now, out with it." Remus swallowed and Sirius saw how his hands were trembling. "I can't tell you. It's... Trust me it's nothing bad? If you are my friend, just leave it alone, please?" Sirius looked at him. This wasn't what they had hoped for - they had hoped for Remus to admit it himself - but at least he was now admitting that he had been hiding something. Sirius decided it was good enough for him. "Too late," said Sirius cheerfully and walked over to sit down on Remus' bed. "See, I got this theory ages ago." More like two weeks ago. "James and Peter were rather reluctant to believe it at first. James said it would be unlikely that the universe would be that unfair to one person, but after I pointed out that the universe had made him both the ugliest and the most stupid git ever, we agreed that the universe does have an exactly the kind of sick sense of humour needed to make my theory plausible." "Wh-what's your theory?" said Remus and sat down beside Sirius. Probably before his knees could fail under him. He was pale and his breathing seemed slightly out of order. Sirius leaned closer to Remus and whispered to him conspiracilly: "That the universe hates you and made you a blind werewolf ." Remus' mouth opened, but no words came out. Sirius tried to throw his arm around the boys' shoulders companionably, but Remus flinched at the touch and shoved Sirius away hard . Sirius was surprised, but didn't quite fall off the bed - instead, he yelped, "What the-!", and reactively shoved Remus back. Then Remus had punched him and that made Sirius fall off the bed. Swearing loudly Sirius blinked back tears as he lay on the floor, the throbbing pain in his nose making his vision black around the edges. He heard Remus scrambling down from the bed and yelling for James, and he heard people running up the stairs. ~#~ "The others wanted to wait until you would tell us yourself, but I know you. You wouldn't have ever told us, because you are a daft bugger like that." Remus swallowed. "It's- I thought you might not be okay with it-" They were all sitting on Sirius' bed in their dormitory the next day. Sirius nose wasn't throbbing anymore, thanks to Madame Pomfrey. Sirius rolled his eyes. "Daft. Bugger. You'd trip over your own legs before you could get to us and eat us, Wolfboy. Doesn't sound very scary." James coughed. "I don't know, I remember him delivering rather a nasty sucker punch to you not too long ago, mate." "Yeah, and look which one of us is in worse shape now, eh?" James didn't say anything to that and just looked at Sirius sideways with a raised eyebrow, which Sirius translated to mean, Really? Tactless, mate, tactless . Remus had blushed; he had been released just an hour ago from the Hospital Wing. The last night had been the full moon and there were fresh scars on his face. Sirius hoped that the Gryffindors who had witnessed his bloody nose yesterday wouldn't think that Sirius had taken revenge on him and had caused those scars on his face. "And I never trip, Sirius," Remus muttered. James was looking confused at the sudden declaration, but Sirius barked a surprised laugh. "I know. Dunno how you manage that, but it's annoying." "Annoying only because you are the clumsiest person ever." "Not the clumsiest," said Sirius. "That'd be Peter." " I wasn't the one who fell of a bed yesterday and broke my nose," said Peter. "I can't believe that Minnie bought that!" said Sirius indignantly. "Like something as ungracious as that could ever happen to me!" ~#~ Later, when James and Peter had left Sirius' bed, Sirius scooted closer to Remus and ruffled his hair, determined to show to the boy that everything was normal between them. "We really don't mind, you know. I think it's amazing ." "Of course you would think so, you bloody berk," said Remus, but he had a small smile on his face. "I'm sorry I punched you, I- I got scared and-" "That little slap?" Sirius said lightly. "Pfft. I hardly even noticed it." Third Year Third year the Marauders learnt about Remus' dubious coping methods when they had their first officially allowed trip to Hogsmeade. Of course they had visited the town before the third year -