A/N: Okay, if you guys are new to me, I also write, Getting Back What Once Was Lost…it's finishing up, only has like 3 chapters left, so I decided I should start my new story too and I just got this idea. I also write a Jacob/Bella story, its called the Dream Catcher….check it out. Actually check them both out if you haven't read them! I like to write more from my male character's POV most of the time, I'm not sure why, maybe its because we don't get that in the originals? So a warning, I'm usually pretty good about updates. Once a week at least unless I'm in a reallllly good mood. It just depends on what comes to me. I do have birthdays coming up for my boyfriends niece and then my oldest son's is the 14 th and so is mine =) Then we have Christmas, but I think I can handle it. This is more of a test chapter I guess to see how we like this story idea. Let me know people. That's the only way I know how to continue. So here's disclaimer: I don't own these characters even if certain ones own my heart. -Title- My Love Is Yours -Summary- Jasper met Bella years ago when she was a child. He saved her from a nomad vampire trying to eat her. He knew she was his mate but couldn't be with her just yet. He makes monthly trips to see her and also keeps extra eyes from his closest friends on her. What bad could happen? Chapter 1: Jasper POV: I was sitting in the Cullen living room in Forks, Washington. It was rainy and cloudy out, nothing out of the normal. It was night time and you couldn't even see the stars. The mated ones were all separated with the respective mate in their bedrooms. Carlisle and Esme, were more respectable and didn't really let anyone else hear what was going on. Emmett and Rosalie though, probably let the whole town know what they were doing. Alice and Edward were my best friends in this house and very much in love. They saved me from the life I lived. They found me one night while I was out hunting and told me I could live another way. Alice's vision's showed me living with them and who was I to tell a psychic she was wrong? Edward and I had a strange relationship, he was my brother in every sense of the word but he wanted more information than I was willing to give. He tried to use his telepathy to get what he was curious about and I found it to be an invasion of my privacy, if and when I wanted to share that information I would. I knew I was a monster, I didn't need them to point that out to me. I didn't need the people I had come to care about to pity me. I had lived in this family for over fifty years and still I felt like an outsider sometimes. I couldn't blame them though, the Southern Wars were hell, in the literal sense. I will forever be grateful for my friends, Peter and Charlotte. I let them escape together before my Mistress Maria wanted me to kill Charlotte. Peter begged me for days before we actually knew it was going to happen. He says he doesn't have a gift, it was just logical, but I don't believe him. He tends to know lots of things before they are going to happen. So I let them go, and I was punished severely. A few months later though, they came back and got me out. That's why I had them watching over the most important… I stopped my thoughts as I saw Edward coming down the steps, "Jasper, why won't you just share with us? You said the most important….most important what brother? You can tell me." I was about to answer him when a knock at the door surprised both of us. Edward went and answered it as I sat contemplating whether or not to tell Edward about….that. I heard her voice and thought I was hallucinating, "I need to speak with Major Jasper Whitlock. Now." She demanded. "I'm sorry but who are you?" Edward asked. "None of your business. Find me the Major. NOW." She was scared, I could feel the fear coming off of her. "Okay then, let's go get him. He's just in the living room." Edward ushered her in here and I just stayed locked in place. She saw me and started running, "Oh Jasper!" and jumped into my arms and wrapped her tiny arms around my neck. "Bella sugar what are you doing here?" I asked placing kisses on the side of her head. "Something's happened Jasper….well…..lots of things actually. Maybe we could have a little privacy?" she said eyeing Edward. "No way brother, what is this human doing here." He was frustrated and I wanted to know why. "Do you think you could stop it?" Bella asked him. "Stop what?" He said innocently. "Trying to use your power on me, its annoying." She glared at him and I growled. "Dammit Jasper tell me who she is!" he nearly roared. My anger was fueling his and it wasn't a good combination. "She's his mate." We heard Alice's voice ring out, "This is what you do once a month isn't it Jasper?" I just nodded my head and pulled Bella closer to me. "Jasper please I need to talk to you." She whispered. "Bella they are my family. It's okay to share with them." I said pushing a stray piece of hair behind her ear. "Okay. I guess it will be better. Because you are going to be mad and they can hold you back." She shrugged. I called the family down and introduced them to Bella. "You guys, this is Bella Swan. She is my mate and has been since she was eight years old. I found her when that nomad Randall tried to feed from her in Arizona. It was when I went to go see Peter and Charlotte and I protected her from him. I knew then she was my mate. I have been to see her once a month for the last decade." I paused letting them all take it in. "This is why we moved to Forks." Alice whispered. "Bella's father is the Police Chief." "You guys know my dad?" Bella asked and then giggled. Everyone nodded and waited for me to continue but I didn't really have much else to say. "When I can't be with Bella, I have Peter and Charlotte watching over her. Her mother is…..sorry sugar, but she's an idiot that doesn't really pay much attention. So I have them watching her." I looked at Bella and she knew what I wanted. She sighed, "Are you sure you want to know?" "Bella you just came to our house at 3 in the morning and you're human. I think I would like to know what's wrong with my mate." I growled to her. She dropped her eyes to the ground and rolled up the sleeve of her long sleeve shirt what I saw made me see red. It was a vampire bite mark, but overlapping with the different people, there were at least 7 different indentations. "Who did this Bella? Where are Peter and Char? Why aren't they with you?" I demanded. "Jasper, these….vampires came to town and caught your scent in my room and on me and…well….they basically were using me as a blood farm. They had friends who had friends and so on. You haven't been to see me in almost six months Jasper. So the visits got more frequent. Peter and Charlotte went away, I don't know why or where, but they showed up last night at my house and told me to pack and bag and to get to you. They would handle everything else." She rushed out the last part because she knew I would be pissed at them. I hadn't realized it had been six months since I had seen her last. No wonder I had been in a nasty foul mood with everyone. The last time I was in Phoenix to see her, I wanted to fully mate with her. My need to take her was getting stronger the older and more beautiful she got. I wanted to mark her, marry her. Everything to prove she was mine. "Dammit, I said to stop trying to use your power on me. Now stop!" Bella yelled. I turned and growled at whoever was antagonizing my mate. "I'm sorry Bella, its just habit." Edward whispered and he was remorseful and for that he was lucky. Carlisle the forever scientist and doctor looked at Bella, "How do you know he is trying to use his power Bella?" She looked at me then back to Carlisle and back at me again and stared into my eyes, "The one man that comes, he says that…..there has been small amounts of venom pushed into me with each bite that is allowing my gift to expand. He calls me a shield. I can feel when something is trying to get in. It doesn't hurt…its just…annoying. Like a humming." I roared out in anguish and ran out into the trees to smash them. I felt someone coming up behind me and crouched down, "Easy Jasper, it's just me and Alice." Edward called. I slammed another tree and sat down on a large boulder, "Is she okay?" "Yeah Jasper she's fine. Carlisle is trying to get her to go to bed, but she says she has to wait for you." Alice said she was also feeling frustrated. "You can't see her can you?" I inquired. "No, that's why I didn't know what you had been doing. I always thought it was Peter blocking me. You said he was strange so I figured he knew how to block me. I'm trying to get a look at who these people are that have been hurting her Jasper, but I just can't. I'm so sorry." She bowed her head and sniffled. "I think she's going to be my friend." She whispered with a small smile and she started to feel a bit optimistic. "I bet she would like that." I placed a hand on her shoulder and gave my brother a nod, "I'm heading back. Thanks guys." I ran back to the house and found my mate sitting on the couch with Emmett playing some video game, "Jasper." She whispered without even turning around. I loved how she just knew when I would walk into a room, or if I was near. She said her heart sped up and she got butterflies in her stomach. I remember trying to get that information out of her, she blushed a deep red and was so embarrassed. "Come on sweetheart, you need to sleep. You are exhausted." I picked her up and carried her to my room. "This is very you Jazz." She said examining my room. "I was wondering why you were calling me Jasper down there." I said with a raised eyebrow. "I wasn't sure if you wanted your family to know your nickname." She giggled and went to my drawers and found a t shirt to wear to bed. "Bella, sugar, go into that bathroom and change, please. I really…really….don't know how much longer I can hold back with you." I almost begged. Me deadly Major of the South was begging an eighteen year old human girl. "Sorry Jazz." She came over and stood on her tip toes and kissed the corner of my mouth. "I'll be right back." And she disappeared into the bedroom. I sighed and fell backwards onto my bed. She was going to kill me. I knew I loved her, she was my mate after all. But what I couldn't wrap my mind around was