A Long Time Coming Embry POV It was just supposed to be a bonfire. We'd had thousands of them over the years and nothing exciting ever happened, and I stress, ever. Never. This time, I was late. I'd been working on a side project of sorts, something for myself for once. I was always doing things for everyone else and it was time I got around to taking care of myself. So I was late and when I arrived, I saw HER with Leah, dancing around the bonfire, a beer pressed to her lips as she sang along with the radio. There was a time when she cringed if she heard music playing. There was a time when she wouldn't even smile, let alone laugh. Hell, Leah was the same way but they seemed to bond over that, especially now that they were step-siblings. This night seemed different. I could feel it in my bones, in my heart for some reason. As I watched, I felt my best friend, Jake, tap my bicep and hand me a beer. He laughed at the girls' antics and leaned in to whisper, "It's great to see her like that isn't it?" He was sad that their relationship hadn't progressed any further than the best of friends but he would rather have her here, with us, in any capacity than with those bloodsuckers the Cullens. Believe me, they still tried to, well in Jake's words, steal her away with promises of immortality and never ending fortunes, but Bella Swan made the choice to stay in Forks. Well, mostly she was in La Push but still, she stayed mortal and alive. That had to count for something. I tried not to interfere when it came to Jake and Bella. He was in love with her but hadn't imprinted on her, so she refused to even entertain any sort of romantic relationship with him. Jake wasn't as persistent as Cullen, but he still watched out for Bella when she tried to date. "Bells, come on! Say hey to Bry, he's finally here!" Jake's booming laugh rang out across the fire and Bella looked over at me, crooked a finger and gave me a smile. Handing my beer to Jake I shrugged, "Duty calls." Jake laughed and I made my way over to Bella and Leah, swaying with the music. When the girls got together, they were a blast, or so I saw through the pack mind. I was still standoffish with Bella. Ever since I met Bella that first time in Jake's garage, I'll admit, I had a small crush. So when the wolf secret came out, I never really looked at Bella. I refused to do it. Refused. I had to hold out hope, in secret, for my crush on Bella. One by one, my brothers looked into her eyes and none of them imprinted on her but I felt, as did some of the other's, that Bella was meant to be part of this pack in one way or another. Placing on my hands on Bella's small waist, I moved with the music and she moved impossibly closer to me and I hear Leah's voice whisper, "Yo chicken shit, look at her. Really look, or I'll kick your ass." I scoffed and looked to see Leah make her way over to Jake. He slung his arm over her shoulder and she laughed as he whispered in her ear. "You've been avoiding me, Embry Call and I don't like it." Bella's small voice whispered, her lips so close to my bare chest. I let out a groan and bit my lip to hide it, although everyone already heard it. "I have not." I tried with no avail to protest. I could practically feel Bella's raised eyebrow in question and I let out a sigh. "Look, Bells," I used the nickname Jake and Charlie used for her, "I haven't been meaning to avoid you, I promise." Looking around the bonfire, I could see all eyes were on us and I hated it. I knew Bella did as well and I wanted, no needed, to get her way from everyone else before we had this conversation. With one glance at Jake, I knew he wouldn't let me walk away from here with Bella. It would make it worse. I stopped dancing with her, placed my hand under her chin to lift her eyes to mine. Before they could, I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. "This is the moment that changes everything, Bella. There's no going back." I shakily whispered to her. Then, to my utter surprise, she placed a kiss to the underside of my chin and whispered back, "I think we've waited long enough, Embry. Go big or go home." She laughed and I could tell she was as nervous as I was. "On three?" I was still trying to prolong this, for whatever reason, and she just laughed. "Open your eyes, Call." She practically demanded and I did. My eyes met with the richest browns and I was lost, unable to be found for what felt like forever. There were wolf-whistles and cat calls from around the fire but I couldn't move. Bella hadn't said anything and neither did I. I was too lost in the feeling of her in my arms, knowing she was finally mine. My imprint. Risking a glance at Jake, I saw him give me a reassuring nod and he raised his beer in toast, "To Embry and Bella!" "Let's get out of here," Bella whispered and grabbed my hand, pulling me away from the fire and toward my house. Bella POV I couldn't believe I was doing this. I couldn't believe this happened. To me! If you would have asked me five years ago where I'd be right now. My answer would have been, hunting with Edward. My plan was to become a vampire and live forever with the Cullens. Then it all changed. I knew I couldn't live that life anymore. I went to college, got my teaching degree and came back to Forks. Forks was where my heart was, Forks was where my family was. Forks was home. Jake had been my sun, my lifeline. Without him I would have been lost in grief and sadness. Without Jake, I would have been a Cullen. Edward or not. Jake had shown the light that came with life. He gave me experiences I never would have had as a Cullen. Sadly, Jake was a little in love with me. Why? I had no idea. And sadly for him, I was more attracted to his quiet partner in crime. Embry Call. I'd had my eye on him since I came out of my Cullen-daze. If Jake ever noticed, he didn't say anything. He encouraged me to date guys in college, there were a few, but not many. I felt like Embry hated me. Like it was my fault that he became a wolf and sometimes I agreed with that sentiment. If Victoria wasn't hunting me, maybe Embry wouldn't have changed. Maybe it would have just been Sam, Paul and Jared. Embry phasing, also brought up his parentage, which he hated to speak of. There were many speculations as to who actually did the deed and got Tiffany Call pregnant but as of yet, no one had manned up and claimed their son. It was sad. While Jake was my sun, Leah was my moon. She let me vent, cry and we'd gotten drunk on many occasions. That's actually where I finally admitted my crush on Embry. A little too much of Old Quil's stash of Rez Shine and I was chatty as could be. Leah later informed me that I sang like a canary. Many a nights, Leah accompanied me on dates I didn't want to go on. Where Jake encouraged me to date, Leah encouraged me to be strong and not do what other people expected of me. So I became what she called a heart-breaker and others called an Ice Queen. I didn't put out and if I didn't enjoy my date, I wasn't afraid to let that be known. Sadly, I couldn't connect on the level I felt I had with Embry. I broke down and told Leah this after a night of grading freshman English papers and a carton of Moose Track ice cream. I asked, and practically begged, her to tell me what she saw when she patrolled with Embry. Did he think of me? Did he mention me to her, ever? She wasn't particularly chatty about him but came up with a plan. The plan that stood out against all plans. The only downfall, I had to admit to Jake how I felt about Embry. Friday afternoon, I showed up at Billy and Jake's house with pie as well as groceries for dinner. I may have been buttering Jake up to break his heart but we'd established a long time ago that we would never happen. Not as a couple. We had the understanding that any guy I fell for, would have to meet Jake's approval just like any girl he went out with, needed to meet mine. We were best friends and nothing was going to stop that. So, when Jake came in from working at the garage, I was already chopping up the fixings for a salad, had steaks marinating to be put on the grill as well as twice baked potatoes ready to go in for the second time. "Bells, what's all this about?" Jake leaned against the doorway of the kitchen, freshly showered. "Can't I just come by and make two of my favorite people dinner? You know, since I don't get to make dinner for Charlie anymore." I tried to play it off. Using the excuse that Charlie was married and living with Sue, therefore she cooked for him now. With a sigh, Jake responded, "Come on Bells, you know you can tell me." "I...I.." I stuttered and tried to speak but couldn't get the words out. "Bells…" Jake sighed again and sat at the table watching as I busied myself around the kitchen. "Just, listen to me before you freak out." I began, "I like this guy, like really like him and Leah has this plan to tell him or get him to admit he feels the same way, or so she suspects." I turned to look at Jake over my shoulder and noticed his face was void of any emotion as he listened to me. "But Leah refused to help me unless I came clean with you first. I had to tell you who it was and make sure you didn't think I was making a gigantic mistake." There was a pregnant pause. An awkward silence where Jake just looked at me and I fidgeted with apron I'd placed around my waist to keep from making a mess all over my jeans. "Say something." My lip was wobbling and I was on the verge of tears. Jake was never silent with me. He always had an opinion, usually a good one. "Who is it?" Jake's voice was raspy and I felt a stabbing in my heart. "Embry," I was barely able to whisper. Jake stood and made his way in front of me, his head cocked to the side as he observed me. "Embry? Embry Call? My pack brother, my best friend?" I nodded my head unable to say anything else. With that Jake left the house. I made to follow him but his raised hand kept me in place. I'd seen this happen on occasion. Jake had needed to phase and didn't want to hurt me. I continued to cook and Billy joined before too long. When I pulled the potatoes from the oven and began setting the table, Jacob came in through the back door. He kissed my forehead and took his place at the table. Once everything was set out the men