A/N: This is a little angsty. Has major character death but over all should be HEA. The Rest is History There she sat on the Black's living room floor. She was inconsolable and we all knew why. We didn't even have to tell her what had happened, she knew. Of course she knew. Her heart and his were linked through that wolfy magic we all believed in. At Billy's feet she sobbed. She begged and pleaded. She held onto the small bump across her stomach like it was her lifeline. We all stood in the too small house just waiting. She needed to know we'd all screwed up, me the most afterall, I was the reason Jacob Black was dead. A year ago, Bella Swan came to her senses and told the leech-Cullen- to leave. She realized after five more boys, all younger than Brady and Collin, phased. She witnessed two of them when she was helping Emily one afternoon. For weeks she'd been escaping the Cullen's grip on her and she was hiding on the rez. No one cared, if it got her away from them, we were all for it. Especially Jacob. Two months after they'd left, Bella let them all go. She grieved and was sad but nowhere near the catatonic mess she'd been when Edward left her after her birthday fiasco. Jacob gave her time, let her process everything. He knew, in his heart, that when she was ready, it would happen. One day, it did. Bella came to see Emily and let her know that she was ready to move on, but instead, she ran into Jacob first. She jumped into his arms, brushed her hand over his cheek and their eyes locked. The rest was history. They were destined to be together. The Spirit's had spoke and just like Jacob had said, Bella was meant to be with him. They were happy, so happy. Six months after the leeches left, Bella Swan became Bella Black. The rez went crazy in celebration, Billy and Charlie the two biggest supporters. Things were perfect until the leeches came back six weeks ago. Jacob was already on edge because his wolf knew Bella was pregnant. They were trying to keep it a secret until it was 'safe' to share the news but all of the pack could hear the heartbeat within Bella and smell Jacob on her, more than usual. Plus she was glowing. Edward had called Billy Black to set up to speak to Jacob. At first, no one wanted to tell Bella what was going on but in the end Jacob decided she'd skin him alive if he didn't. So everyone went to the clearing, like before, and we talked, well they talked, we listened as they told us their news. These Volture, Volturi, Dracula fuckers wanted Bella to be turned into a blood sucking leech. Jacob lost his control for the first time since he'd phased. He couldn't keep it together. The thought of Bella, his imprint, his soul mate, becoming a bloodsucker was unbearable. The Cullen's agreed that this wouldn't be happening and they were prepared to bargain but wanted the pack to be on the alert, just in case. Which meant, they didn't believe their peace talks would work. They talked. We listened. They bargained. We trained. It was simple. Any red-eyed leech that came across our territory got it's head ripped off. I had to admit, it was fun sparring with Jasper. He was the strongest, although you wouldn't think it, and the best strategist amongst the group. He trained us harder and longer than when we'd faced Victoria and her minions. Double patrols became our middle names. Bella was hysterical, saying she knew something bad was going to happen, that she wasn't worth all this trouble. We'd all catch her staring, unfocused but she'd put on a brave face in front of company, meaning the Cullens. She wouldn't let them see her fear. We were her family now, not them. No matter what, we always got together for a meal together a week. Everyone. All the pack, the imprints, Billy, Charlie, Sue. Everyone. We went all out and this was how we knew we'd come out on the winning side if things came to it. We had a reason to fight. Family. Life. Three weeks after the Edward and Carlisle had gone off to see the Dracula Kings, they returned with sad news. Although they'd agreed with Carlisle that Bella was no threat considering the life she lived, there needed to be an example set. Human's just couldn't know about vampires. Edward had read his mind and knew he wanted to keep Bella for himself. He knew she would be gifted plus he thought she was very beautiful. They gave Edward two weeks before they'd be sending out their 'team' to 'take care' of the problem if they hadn't. We worked harder. Carlisle thought, if the 'team' didn't make it back then Aro would give up and realize how protected Bella was. He wouldn't risk his whole guard on one human girl. Or so he'd thought. Two weeks passed and we were all constantly on alert. Bella was always with two of the pack as well as one vampire. Nothing less. She was to be protected at all costs. After the two week deadline, we'd all been on high alert. Every foreign scent sent us into a frenzy and we were struggling to keep up. They taunted us for nearly a week straight before we finally got into the real fight. They'd come close and run off as we chased them. Multiple vampires all at different times. It was frustrating and seemed like a game to them. Then today as the sun rose, the vampire's attacked on all sides. We protected the rez, its occupants and took out six vampires at once. Everyone was paired with a partner and I was with Jacob. I was proud to be beside him. That meant they believed in me, believed I could be as good as he was. But I wasn't. After taking out the six vampire's surrounding the rez, we made our way to the Cullen place. There were at least twenty vampires all attacking at once. We fought and fought hard. Jasper breezed through them, one after another, ripping their heads off like a choreographed dance all while keeping his eyes on Alice, his mate. Edward could hear the thoughts of his opponents so he had no trouble. Emmett and Rosalie fought back to back. He never once left her side. They tag teamed through their fair share. Carlisle and Esme on the other hand, were on hand if anyone needed any help. They weren't fighters and didn't pretend to be. Carlisle helped Leah after her leg had been broken and she'd phased back. He helped Jared in wolf form who was limping. Esme collected vampire parts like they were dirty laundry and started burning them. On the wolf side of things, we worked as one. One pack, one mind. The only thing in our minds, kill, protect. It was a constant loop. In our pairs, we'd taken down many. Only suffering a few injuries at the hands of the leeches. When we thought the coast was clear, Sam and Jacob phased human to speak to Carlisle and Esme and I heard Jacob call Bella to tell her things were alright. How wrong we were. As wolves we helped collect all the pieces of the leeches and then out of nowhere it was like deja vu. Like Leah during the newborn battle, I'd been caught by surprise by a hidden vampire. It caught me from behind and was about to snap my neck when Jacob phased on the fly, to help me. I was hurt and couldn't move. It felt like my back was broken but would quickly fix itself. I was helpless to help my partner, my friend and watched in horror as he was taken down by the vampire. The vampire was just too fast for anyone to get to Jacob in time. Sure they'd taken the vampire down. Jasper was the one to administer the killing blow but it was too late for Jacob. We all whined as we felt it in our hearts. Our True Alpha was gone. Dead. With the Spirit's. We all thought of Bella. She'd had to have felt it. Felt the last beat of his heart. I was able to phase back and let Dr. Fang look me over. I was healing quickly but I had tears streaming down my face. Sam had tried to console me. All I kept repeating was "It's my fault" and all I wanted to do was wolf-out and run far away. I couldn't even face Bella or Billy again. Embry was with Jacob's body. He'd phased human as he died. He was dead. Quil joined Embry, trying to coax him into letting Jacob go but he wouldn't. So they opted to carry him back. I wanted to help, it was my fault after all. I'd killed him. I killed Jacob Black. Sam hoisted me off the ground, testing out if I could walk and then I ran. In human form, I raced after Embry and Quil, trying to catch up. They gave me sad looks of concern and I shook my head at them, attempting to help. We took Jacob's body to the Council House. There were rituals that would need to be done, traditions and Bella would want to see him. Embry and Quil left to go rejoin the others but I couldn't leave Jacob alone. Not like this, not when it was my fault. Embry lingered longer than Quil and patted my shoulder. It felt like forever but it couldn't have been that long before Sam was entering the Council House and pulling me away. Leah and Sue followed behind him and they said they'd take care of Jacob. I knew he was in good hands and followed my Alpha. I knew where we were going. The Black's small red house was taunting me. Red. Blood. Death. I gulped and looked at Sam for help. "It's not your fault. She's going to need us, now more than ever and if you're blaming yourself, she'll blame herself. Do you understand? The only one at fault here is that Aro bastard." Sam's Alpha voice rang out clearly. Everyone else was there when I arrived. I tried to hang toward the back but the sounds of Bella's sobs drew me closer. I watched as she clung to Billy's chair and her small bump at the same time. She murmured that it wasn't true. That it couldn't happen. He'd just called and said everything was fine. "I just talked to him, he was fine, he was laughing. He told me he loved me that he'd see me soon." Then she'd look up at Billy, "he talked to you too, right? I didn't imagine that?" Billy agreed with her and asked for the story. Sam told it quickly without leaving out details and I felt like my heart was going to hammer out of my chest. She'd know. She'd know it was all my fault. Billy too. They'd hate me forever. "...and Seth was hurt. Jacob saved him but in the end was caught off guard. Jasper says that Demetri was the best of the best in the Volturi guard. He was stealthy and strong. A very good tracker. That's why he was hidden. He hoped to lock onto Bella and take her. When he attacked Seth, Jacob phased and went after him. Demetri was just stronger. Jasper got to them a second too late. Jacob was already gone." I was crying again. I didn't care what anyone said. Jacob Black was my hero and when I finally got the chance to prove to him that I was just as good at him, that I was worthy of being a Protector,