As the Leaves Wither The sun had long since risen over a small forested area; dew from the early morning hours finally beginning to evaporate from the soil, leaving the air cool and refreshing. For the most part the area was still; the only disturbance was when a light breeze would blow through, effortlessly coaxing nature to sway in its embrace. Amongst the rustling of leaves and the hum of the wind, another sound was heard, a contented sigh from something other than a woodland creature. As eloquently as falling snow, a woman dropped down from her obscured resting place upon the thick branches belonging to an evergreen tree. After a swift flip forward, she was able to land safely on her feet. Releasing a yawn she rose to her full height of five foot eight, her arms extending over her head in an attempt to loosen and stretch her stiff joints. Lowering her arms, her eyes slit open, revealing a brilliant emerald iris as her right eye, however in contrast, the color of her left eye mostly resembled gray stone. Her complexion was fair, almost porcelain like; a mark of her ancestral inheritance, but her hair was another matter. Offsetting all her light features, her tresses were a dark shade of auburn that hung in waves all the way to her waist. The woman must have stood there for near half an hour, soaking in the few rays of sunlight that managed to break through the forest canopy. It wasn't until her stomach made an uncomfortable grumble that she was broken from the trance. A small smile curved her rosy lips as she reached up behind her head, taking hold of her auburn locks and pulling them up as she simultaneously pulled the hood of her gray cloak over her head, effectively pinning her locks within its confines and out of her way. Beneath her cloak she wore regular cloth leggings that were a dark coffee color along with knee high leather boots. Upon her upper body she wore a dark gray tunic over a tan undershirt, with a leather belt around her waist to keep her tunic in place. And lastly she wore her leather armguards that bore only sliced nicks as decoration. Performing one last stretch for her stiff joints, she glanced around one final time, noting the breeze to be the only other movement besides herself. Releasing a huff, she turned to her left, heading over towards a spot where the foliage was exceptionally thick. Bending over she reached into the brush, feeling around, until with a light smirk, she withdrew what she had sought. At her feet now lay her trusty rucksack that held numerous odds and ends; along with her weapons of choice. She took a quick moment to pull out a small bundle of cloth, unwrapping it revealed a small piece of bread she quickly downed before shaking the loose crumbs from the cloth and placing it back with the rest of her belongings. That had been her last bit of food, she would either need to find someone to barter with, or hunt down her next meal. Either would have to wait for her to complete her current contract. After downing a fraction of the water remaining in her canteen to wash down the bread, she reached to her neck to pull up a small black cloth to conceal the lower half of her face. She then took hold of her sword; its type being that of a hand-and-a-half sword, or more commonly known as a bastard sword. With practiced hands, she quickly adorned her sword belt, positioning her sword so it hung properly over her left hip. Next she took hold of her leather quiver which held around twenty five arrows; holstering it over her back and cloak by means of three leather straps. One that trailed over her left shoulder and down the middle of her chest where it attached to the two other leather straps that wrapped around her midsection, just over her ribcage. It was these times that she was glad to only be moderately sized in the chest area considering anything bigger than what she was would only get in the way. Bending back down the woman took hold of the cloth strap of her rucksack, pulling it onto her left shoulder, while taking her wooden longbow in hand. She had considered slinging it over her shoulder, however opted not to. There was no telling when she would intercept her quarry; she would have to be prepared. As she headed off, her mind drifted, contemplating over numerous thoughts that had been plaguing her. The main one being of this stranger that she was currently on the hunt for, facts just didn't add up as smoothly as they should. Not to mention she didn't have near as much information to go on as she normally demanded. However her money pouch had grown light and she had no recent luck in obtaining any valuable animal pelts to barter with despite her skills. Life seemed to be growing more scarce and dismal wherever she traveled, the very reason why she found herself avoiding interaction. At the very least she was given a location in which to hunt for this Ranger, but even that brought more doubt to her mind. Rivendell was not the type of place to harbor criminals, especially this one if what she were told were true. Elves would never protect a wicked man. She was awoken from her thoughts as she stumbled over a root at the edge of the forest. Shaking her head she continued on, cursing herself for being so absorbed in her musing. All would be made clear soon. She would confront this Ranger, this Strider, and kill him if what was relayed to her proved to be true. Faster than a blink, five hours had passed, her feet having already carried her across a great distance and for the last hour she had been holding her breath, expecting at any moment to catch sight of the man. Proven true, she saw movement in the distance; however it wasn't what she expected. Instead of a single silhouette that could possibly be her target she saw a group of nine. This couldn't be who she sought. Then again, she couldn't ignore that they were coming from the direction of Rivendell. Experience taught her to be weary, so instead she sunk low to the ground and hurried towards a large rock formation that lay a good distance from the path, but close enough that she could strike down a target via archery. As soon as she reached the rocks, she went to work removing her rucksack and setting it out of sight. With well-practiced movements she scaled the more steep side of the rocks to be certain she wouldn't be seen. Perhaps over cautious considering no human could see this far. In truth it was only thanks to her father's blood that she had seen them in advance. As she reached the top of the rocks, she maneuvered down to her side, setting her bow next to herself as she shimmied forward a bit so she could survey the group without worry of being spotted as they neared. It took around thirty minutes for them to near enough for her to truly examine them. In which time she had taken to study the wind speed and her surroundings to strengthen her accuracy. Her stomach dropped. The man in the front was indeed Strider, he matched the description perfectly. She had hoped to speak with him first and iron out the wrinkles that pleaded with her not to loose an arrow in his direction. Examining the group that traveled with him, she noted that she now only saw eight. She would have analyzed the lack of additional man; alas she was distracted by four of those that she saw. Not only was Strider heavily armed, but he was with what appeared to be a Wizard, a Dwarf, and another man who also seemed to be seasoned in combat. The four kids traveling with them brought questions to her mind as well. She was on the cliff of a major dilemma. She could strike down from a distance and possibly kill a good man, or she could confront him, find out he is what she was told and be prevented from killing him by his comrades. The risk of the latter was too great. Taking a slow breath through the fabric that still remained over her face; she reached back, removing a single arrow from her quiver. It was there that she waited, knowing that they would need to be past her location before she set to strike, otherwise she would be spotted. It didn't take long; still she waited until they were eighty yards away, then without hesitation she sprung upwards to her knee. Pulling her bow to her front, she quickly knocked the arrow before pulling the string to full tautness. Her eyes trained to Strider's back from under her hood as she drew in a steading breath, but she paused when she noted the other man to be missing. That brief lapse in time broke her focus and to her advantage, alarmed her that she was no longer alone. Spinning on her knee, she found herself face to face, or rather, bow to bow with an Elf, his azure eyes sharp as an eagle's. Where had he come from? And for that matter why had he been prepping to strike at her from behind? He must have read the confusion in the way her body shifted because he took the opportunity to hook his bow into hers, causing the arrows to be misfired before he spun around sending his heel into her gut; effectively knocking her backwards from the rocks. Perplexed was an understatement to describe how she felt as the air began to whirl around her body as she descended to the ground seventeen feet below. Her bewilderment was momentarily forgotten as she made contact with ground; the shock of the impact upon her back knocking the wind straight out of her lungs. Scrunching her eyes closed she took a strangled breath, most of her pain having come from the way she awkwardly landed on her quiver. She had just remembered the dire situation she had put herself in when she felt the cold kiss of a blade land on her right hand which had been on its way towards the hilt of her sword. Her breath came back to her in an instant as she opened her eyes to find herself looking up at the man who had disappeared; his voice falling from his lips in a deep baritone. "Who are you?" Her frown deepened as she heard the shouts from none other than Strider and his fellows heading in their direction. Not to mention, the Elf would be down from the rocks soon. Noting that his sword was poised as a warning, and not ready to strike, she slapped it away and was on her feet in a moment. She didn't have a chance. Only a short distance had been covered before the Elf was in her path. She did her best to avoid him; however he had reached forward and taken grip of her quiver before she could gain decent footing, using it as leverage to slam her to the ground. This time when the man pointed his sword at her body, it was her neck. "Attempt to flee again and I will end you." Her consideration on trying again ceased when the others arrived, or more precise the ones she was weary over, for the four little ones stayed a good bit away with the horse they kept in their company to tote supplies. "Legolas, what's going on? Who is this man?" She had to bite her tongue to keep from chuckling, the momentary merriment disappearing as the Elf she