Disclaimer; obviously I am not the owner of Twilight. If I were, I would be chilling on an island somewhere. Not beta'd all mistakes are mine. Longer AN at the end. "Mom I want to go back to Forks," Nessie repeats for the billionth time just that evening and Isabella does her absolute best to curb the oncoming frustration toward her six year old daughter. "I know you do sweetheart, but this is the best move for us right now. I have a new, better paying job at your new school which means we get to spend more time together." She pauses in her conversation momentarily to check for any oncoming cars before making a right on red. "There's nothing left for us in Forks," she adds quietly; mostly to herself. "Daddy is." Isabella inhales sharply. One glance in the rearview mirror reveals the little girl pouting in her booster seat; tiny fingers fiddling with the handmade stuffed wolf her father had given her last Christmas. Of course the mother had thought the deformed this belonged in the trash, but her daughter absolutely refused to let it out of her sight for even a second. She taps the steering wheel in thought. She hated to see her youngest, and only, child like this but when a new job opportunity open up in Los Angeles with better pay and hours she had to take it. "Nessie I already promised you that you could spend Christmas break with daddy. Remember?" The brunette tried again to console her daughter. "Yeah I remember," she mumbles under her breath. "But it's so far away from now." Isabella worries her bottom lip when the car's inhabitants share a tense silence. "Ok, since it's your last day of summer vacation how about we visit the coffee shop you like so much? I'll let you order whatever you want." "Whatever I want?" "Within reason," the brunette playfully scolds. Nessie is quiet for a moment as she appears to mull her mothers offer around in her head. Finally, the corners of her mouth begin to quirk into a hesitant smile. "Ok." Isabella can't help but to mirror her smile as she makes the U-turn necessary to head over to the other side of town. Even though she had been settling into the dry California air for two weeks, it never ceases to amaze her how barren this landscape was compared to the lush forest of Washington. Isabella would be lying to herself if she said she didn't miss Forks as well. But as a mother, she felt she did not have the luxury to complain about leaving everything behind. She had to be strong; for her daughters sake. "Alright everyone out," she made it to the cafe in record timing for it was not quite rush hour yet. Nessie did not need to be told twice as she practically rips out of her seatbelt, out the car, and into the small shop. Isabella opens her mouth to scold the little girls impatience but quickly decides against it. She would let it slide for today. "Well, if it's not my favorite six year old in the whole entire world!" The barista, Jane, exclaims from behind the counter. Nessie was already well aquatinted with the high schooler that was seemingly never not at work. "Hi Ms. Swan. Great to see you two again, what can I get for you?" "As promised," the young mother gestures to her only child, "whatever she wants." "Within reason," the little girl cheekily parrots. Isabella watches her order a few cake pops and a small hot chocolate, all the while the little girl looks back to make sure she is not overstepping her boundaries. Isabella nods in approval to everything Nessie had asked for. "Thanks mom! You're the best mom in the world!" Isabella chuckles out loud while she searches for her wallet in the over packed purse. "I'm not so sure about that, you only seem to say that when I'm buying you something you want." She finally finds the missing item and quickly pays for the food while silently apologizes to Jane the small line that had formed behind them. She instructs Nessie to take the tray to any table of her liking so that she could grab napkins and sugar packets. She had only turned her back for a second to put her wallet away when she heard the sound of a clattering tray, and the distinct voice of her child's rambling apology. On instinct she all but sprints to the other side of the cafe to investigate what had happened. There, in the middle of the floor stood her daughter with tears in her eyes, and a very pissed off blonde glaring in her direction. The other woman was tall, but not overtly so, with blonde hair pinned in an intricate low bun, piercing steel eyes flicking angrily between the two, and full lips pressed into a thin line. On closer inspection Isabella could see the remains of the hot chocolate on the, expensive brand looking, skirt that adorned long slender legs. "Are you going to sit there and ogle at me the entire time," the other woman spats, roughly bringing the young mother out of her thoughts. She furrows her eyebrows in an attempt to not become upset at this woman's curt words. It had been her daughter who spilled the hot beverage on her, after all. She supposed that anger was a fully justifiable reaction given the circumstances. "I'm sorry ma'am, I'm sure she just wasn't paying attention to where she was going and I know she didn't mean it. I have some napkins here I can use to help you clean it up if you would like?" The woman seemed to do the impossible by looking even more pissed off by her proposition. If looks could kill Isabella was sure she would have been struck down at this very moment. "Napkins? Do you have any idea how much this material costs? I'd tell you to replace it but something tells me that you may not be able to afford it," she sneers looking down her nose at the brunette. Isabella can feel her proverbial hackles rising. "Again, we're sorry. If you wish for me to buy you a new one I can." She retorts, just barely keeping her temper under control. Normally, she was very slow to anger. Having children tended to grant one with enough patience to deal with just about anyone. Something about this woman's demeanor, however, was rubbing her the wrong way. The woman looks the pair over once more before scoffing. "Forget it." Isabella doesn't look up until she can no longer hear the sound of the blonde's heels clicking against the floor. "I'm so sorry, she comes in from time to time and has never been particularly well mannered," Jane apologizes as she moves around the counter to assist the young mother in cleaning up. "I'm sorry mom, I swear it was an accident." The little girls bottom lip trembles as unshed tears threaten to spill. "It's ok it was nobody's fault," she addresses both Nessie and Jane. "Accidents happen. But can if you can, may I get these to go? I don't think we'll be eating here tonight." "Of course." "Nessie we're going to be late," Isabella shouts exasperated from down the hall as she applies her makeup in a hurry. After their little run in yesterday the young mother held a movie marathon with all of her daughters favorites to help improve her mood about starting the first grade. Consequently, it meant that she had stayed up well past bedtime and Isabella was, by no means, a morning person. "I'm already ready." Nessie leans against the frame of the door not bothering to disguise the amusement in her large brown eyes. The young mother touches up her lipstick for the last time. "Good, good that's great. Do we have everything? Bookbag? Summer reading? Lunch?" The brunette rattles off from the mental list she was trying to recover on the morning haze. The young girl nods her head, a slight roll of her eyes following. "Yes mom, we packed everything last night together." "Excellent. Ok let's go. Get your shoes on." She was thankful she has chose to rent within the neighborhood, even if it was pricier, so drive to the school was relatively short. "Hey- oh my goodness do you need help?" Isabella was barely three feet into the impressively sized elementary school before she was stopped by a man with Asian features. He stood taller than her with tastefully done gelled hair and an immaculate dress pant and button up combination. Compared to her wrinkled skirt and blouse, the young mother briefly wonders if he had missed the turn to his business meeting and accidentally wound up at a school. He doesn't wait for her to answer before grabbing half of the bags Isabella had hanging hazardously off of her body. "Thank you," she sighs in relief. Her shoulders and back were beginning to heavily protest at the extra weight. She may have overdone it just a little bit when buying extra items for her class. "Don't worry about it," he chuckles. "The name's Eric by the way. You must be the new teacher everyone has been talking about." His smile, easy and laid back, was easy for the brunette to return. "In the flesh. And this is my daughter Nessie." She inclines her head to her left side where her shy daughter stood half covered by her mothers legs. She says nothing to acknowledge the man choosing instead to hide a little further. "Nessie, that name sounds familiar. I think she may be in my classroom actually. Nice to meet you too." He crouched down to her level and holds his hand out in greeting. The little girl eyes it warily for a moment before tentatively returning the gesture. "Oh I thought your name sounded familiar. You'll have to excuse me my mind is a bit jumbled right bow. And she's normally very shy when meeting people but when she warms up you'll miss this version. Trust me." Isabella laughs lightly and Eric joins as he straightens himself. Nessie begins to pout, clearly not entertained with being the center of the joke. "I see it every year nothing to worry about. First grade is usually a tough transition for kids." He shrugs. "Were you headed to the teachers lounge? I was on my way there before running into you two; I can lead the way if you would like?" The trio walk leisurely down the halls as Eric points out or explains certain halls, classrooms, and offices. Briefly he touches on some of the other teachers who will inhabit the halls but the young mother is sure she won't remember any of their names. "Luckily, the first grade hall is pretty close to here so you won't have to go very far to make copies or heat up your lunch." He redirects his attention to the younger girl. "And you're quite possibly the only student allowed in this room too. Luckily you!" He chuckles again to himself as he props the door open. "I guess that makes me pretty special then." Nessie remarks as she walks around the room touching anything she could reach. Isabella could never figure out why children felt the need to touch anything and everything in their line of sight. Eric hums in agreement. "So you're here a little early, I'm assuming to put the finishing touches in your room, but we have an assembly in about forty minutes or so. All the kids will go straight there, hear an incredibly boring speech, then we will collect our individual classes and begin the school day." Isabella nods, appreciative of the information. "Who will lead the assembly?" He pauses in the pouring of his coffee to think. "Normally it's the principle but recently she's been having Jasper,