I've wanted to write this for a while. I'm not sure about it though. It's quite dark, and very very angsty. (and stars Edward of course XD). Enjoy! (I don't own Marmite, or anything to do with it.) ALSO I don't know what state this is set in. If I do say Washington specifically then ignore it. ALSO: I've been writing this since May so please review it would mean a lot to me. XD Enjoy! (If that's the right word.) "Why?" "Because they're people." "Not really." "Yes, Edward, really." Edward sighs. Carlisle frowns. Esme stands in the shadows. "I thought you'd be proud of me." " Proud?! " "I'm ridding the world of evil." "You're becoming evil." "... Carlisle." "Yes?" "That was uncalled for." "... Not really." "Yes, Carlisle, re- You sly bastard." "It was unintended." "Like father like son." "Stay out of this Esme." "He's my son too, Carlisle." "Of course, dear." Carlisle turns back to his son. No, their son. Their son, who is standing in the middle of their kitchen covered in blood. Blood from his last kill. He's killed five so far. The Police are glad to be rid of them, but they're also afraid of the mysterious killer who is dropping their bodies off at the station. "How are you finding them?" "Jasper." "Who the fuck is Jasper?!" "Carlisle!" "Esme, now is really not the time to be concerned about my language ." Esme gives Carlisle a reproving look, but lets the matter drop. A small smile is twitching at the corners of Edward's lips. However his face once again becomes cold as Carlisle turns back to him. "I don't understand why you're scolding me, Carlisle," He says, his tone as cold as his expression. "You're killing people." "Carlisle! How many times?! They're not people!" "Yes! They! Are! " "Will both of you stop shouting! The neighbours will hear you!" They both fall silent. Tears are in Esme's eyes and a hand is resting against her mouth in sadness and disappointment. Edward hates seeing that look in his mother's eyes, but he believes that he is doing the right thing. He killed the man who hurt her, after all. Her husband before she married his father, and they had him. Charles Evenson. But then he looks at his father's tortured expression, and he wishes he could do right by him too. Edward knows that if Carlisle's father was still alive, he would kill him too for how he abused him. It's the thought that counts. A small sob escapes Carlisle's lips, capturing Edward's attention. "You wanted to be a painist, son. Or a composer. Not this." "I'm helping people," He answers blandly, not knowing what to do as his father turns away from him. "Those people deserved to die!" "You are not God, Edward! It is not your place to determine whether or not one deserves to die!" Esme shushes them again. They both take calming breaths. "You're such a hypocrite," Edward accuses quietly, breaking the uneasy silence. "You can't say you've never killed someone. You're a surgeon." "It's my job to save people," Carlisle hisses back, hurt at the accusation. "I do not kill my patients." Edward's eyes narrow, and he fixes his father with a hard stare. "Not regularly no. But you can't say you've never made it look like a mistake. Just nicked an artery, so they bled out, or treated them for the wrong illness, knowing the treatment would kill them." "Shut. Up." Carlisle is beyond angry now. "Yes, people have died on my table, but they were all accidents. Yes, some of them died because of accidents made by me or my colleagues, but compensation was paid. Everything was dealt with legally and formally. Every single death was looked in to. But I have never killed anyone on purpose. How dare you." Then he turns, takes Esme by the arm, and drags her up to their bedroom. Minutes after, when Edward goes up to take a much-needed shower, he will hear them crying together for the child they surely raised wrong. "Who's Jasper?" It's the first thing Edward hears in the morning. He's barely awake, still in his pajamas and his hair a mess, and he has only come downstairs for a bite to eat before retreating to his room for several hours. But Carlisle is ready to ambush him. Edward rolls his eyes. "A friend from High School." "Who just happens to know where criminals are?" "Well, he is a criminal himself. He was arrested and served two years. Made a lot of friends. Kept in touch. Isn't above selling them out to an assassin." "Is that your new title?" "Yes, I suppose so." After those words the silence hangs heavy and cold between them. Esme isn't awake yet. Carlisle is glad. She doesn't need to be present for this. "Edward..." Carlisle doesn't know what to say. His pride and joy is an assassin, and not for the CIA or some sort of government operation. He's an assassin because he enjoys it. "Just don't think it about it Carlisle," Edward instructs. "It's better that way." "I can't not think of it," His father admits. "This isn't what I wanted for you." Edward ignores the last part. He grabs a box of cereal and a box of Pop Tarts and moves to the stairs. He climbs a few before looking back at his father, who is staring dejectedly at the kitchen floor. "I didn't want to be a pianist," He admits softly, half hoping his father won't hear. But he does hear. He's listening to every word. "I wanted to join the army. But apparently they don't accept hemophiliacs. But doing this means I'm still serving my country." With that admission hanging between them, Edward goes back to his room. The next time Edward goes out, Carlisle is expecting the worst for when he comes home. Blood everywhere. The weapon still in his hand. Maybe human intestines in the other. So when his son finally steps through the front door at three in the morning, Carlisle is sitting in the living room in wait, and his eyes catalog everything. There's no blood. No weapon. No human intestines. His son is smiling as he walks in - a roll of paper under his arm and a bag slung over his back that he didn't have when he left - and he's not alone either. A blonde man steps in after him, he is smiling too, but one side if his mouth is pulled down by a scar that seals his left eye shut. It's gruesome, but Carlisle can tell by the way the man holds himself that he isn't ashamed of the scar at all. No. He's proud of it. Edward stills as he catches sight of his father. "Oh," He says nervously, glancing back at his friend. "Carlisle. I thought you'd be asleep." "Clearly," His father replies icily. "I had a late shift. Only got back a little while ago. Who's your friend?" "Jasper Whitlock, sir," The man answers. His gaze is critical, judging. Carlisle takes a step back, suddenly uncomfortable. "I hope I'm not intruding." Carlisle pauses. He wonders what Esme will think of this. She went upstairs about an hour ago, telling Carlisle he is invading their son's privacy. Some part of him thinks she is right. A bigger part thinks she is wrong. "Of course not," Carlisle says after a moment. "It's a big house, and Edward is hardly a child who needs our permission any more. You're very welcome." He turns to Edward. "Eat something," He instructs. "I doubt you have eaten all day." Edward ducks his head. His father is right, but that doesn't mean he is going to listen. That night, Carlisle doesn't sleep. The Jasper is in his house. The Jasper. The one who helps his son find criminals. Perhaps he helps him kill them too. That thought sends a shiver down Carlisle's spine. His thoughts are restless even though he lies still with Esme sleeping soundly beside him. He has a chance to stop this. It's his house. He could kick this Jasper out. He could tell him to never come near his son again. He could call the police, tell them this boy is trying to convince his son to murder someone. But what if Edward is arrested too? But he can't do nothing . He could stop a murder . Because that's what this is, even if Edward argues otherwise. It's cold-blooded killing. And he has a chance to stop it. No one else has to die at the hands of his son and this criminal. Carlisle's father always labelled him as a coward, and as he turns on his side and attempts to still his thoughts and sleep, he finally knows it's true. Jasper is gone when Carlisle wakes up. Edward is asleep. Esme has gone to work. Carlisle hasn't watched his son sleep since he was five and had the flu - despite being a doctor and knowing that Edward would be fine he still felt the need to make sure - and he feels a bit like a stalker doing it now. But there's also something peaceful about it. Edward's hair is a mess, as it usually is, and the quilt is twisted around his ankles. Looking at him like this it's easy to ignore what Edward has done, and will probably continue to do. Carlisle grimaces at that thought, and steps further into the room. He quickly rights the quilt so it's settled over his son's shoulders, presses a kiss to Edward's temple, whispers a soft "I love you" and makes his way downstairs. "You don't drink coffee," Edward states as he walks downstairs to find Carlisle sitting at the table reading the newspaper with a mug steaming next to him. "I don't," Carlisle agrees, turning a page of the paper. Edward picks up the mug and takes a sip. He cringes, making a sort of strangled gurgling sound as he put the mug back down. "Ick," He reproves. "I forgot you're British." Carlisle grins and finishes the rest of the mug in one go. "Being British has nothing to do with it," He says, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. "Tea is the nectar of the gods." Carlisle turns back to his paper, half listening as his son makes toast. He looks up when the noise stops. Edward is standing at the cupboard they keep jars in. He's holding a black round jar with a round yellow lid and a red and yellow label. "What the Hell is this?" He asks. "Marmite," Carlisle replies, suppressing a smile even though Edward isn't looking at him. "I brought it back last time I went back to Birmingham." "They have this in Birmingham?" "Birmingham, England. Yes. I'm not sure about Birmingham, Alabama." Edward shrugs and grabs a butter knife. Carlisle laughs silently to himself as Edward liberally spreads the Marmite all over the toast. That stuff is strong; his son is in for a shock. Edward sits in the chair in front of Carlisle and takes a huge bite of toast. He chews once and then his jaw stills, his eyes going wide. His father doesn't know whether to be disgusted or amused as Edward opens his mouth and allows the food to fall back into the plate. When Edward looks up Carlisle is smiling. "Ew," He tells his father. "Well, it's slogan is Love it or Hate it. Or something like that..." "Hating it is the understatement of the century," Edward remarks, getting up and chucking the toast in the bin. Carlisle laughs. They're silent for several minutes, Edward sitting there with an empty plate and Carlisle still reading the paper. Then Carlisle speaks: "I almost called the Police last night." Edward snorts. "I was surprised you didn't." "I don't want Jasper back here," Carlisle commands. "Take it elsewhere." Edward grins suddenly. "I