Dearest... No. You're not 'dearest' anymore. Even if you will forever hold the largest place in my heart, you are not my dearest. You haven't been since... No, it's not quite time for that yet, but we will get there. I remember the day we met. I can't say I loved you then, no matter how much I want to. You were just the new girl, the one everyone talked about. My sister, Alice, was excited for your arrival but not even her love knew why. When you sat next to me, I wondered briefly if she had been excited because she had seen me fail. That she had looked into my turbulent future as she always does and seen me murder a room of innocents - children, mostly. All for you. I wondered if Alice had been excited to see me fall. Me . The one with the greatest control except for our father... I'm sorry... Just m y father, now. You said you considered him in that way, but was he ever really yours? You also said you could never hurt family. Was he not your family? You hurt him too, you know. You hurt all of us. That's what I hate most of all. You can hurt me all you want. I've hurt you, almost to a point where we were afraid we couldn't fix you, so I knew I deserved every blow you sent my way. But when I went home only a few hours after I made the call to tell them (I couldn't bare to say it to their faces; as I said, they loved you too) and found that even the ice queen had succumb to the most human of reactions to death, for the first time... I felt rage. I felt a strong, terrifying pulse of pure, unadulterated hatred. Not just for that dog, that man as you insisted he was, but for you, too. You left me for the enemy. You left me for a dog. You left me for death. And I hate you for it. It's not as though you left just after I came back, which would have been sad, yet it was well deserved on my part and I would have understood. It's not as though you realised when I proposed that we were getting a bit serious and that I - perhaps - was not the one for you. No, it's not as if it was like that all. I admit the signs were there, but blissfully ignored by myself. It's true, ignorance is bliss. I can only imagine how you must have laughed as I so willingly swallowed your lies that you never believed in marriage. I can only imagine your amusement as the Vile Victorian Gentleman grovelled at your feet for your hand in marriage. I don't have to imagine the lengths I went to to get you to agree, but I'm afraid that, even now, even after your hurtful actions that I still can't imagine the difficulty it must have taken you to swallow your contempt for me and say the one word you knew I was looking for. I wonder if you felt guilt. If you saw my happiness and felt guilty for your blackest lie. Or maybe you just thought I was unworthy of any happiness, and squashed any fleeting emotion. Or maybe, just maybe, you loved me at that time, but just not enough. After that day... Looking back, I see you drifting. Your answers became shorter. Your temper flared quicker around me. It got to the point where I would ask you a question, or tell you I loved you and you would just grunt in response. Or say... "I know." Was that pain, I heard, in your voice? Was my love what kept you stringing me along? I know it was my love that blinded me to your growing unhappiness, even though many would argue that if I loved you at all, I should have realised you were unhappy. But you know what Shakespeare said: Love is blind, and lovers cannot see. I was certainly blind when it came to you. As I was saying before, it's not as though you didn't have an opportunity to leave. I gave you several. I gave you a total of twenty four openings to leave me, and there were an additional twelve that I did not intend for you to have. You didn't take any of them. Instead, you left me standing at an alter. You left on our wedding day. Alice went to your house to pick you up while I was still at the bachelor party with my brothers, and how happy I was, too! Here, I thought that after a century of waiting, I finally have my one and only! My other half! My one true love . But as Alice pulled up outside your house and exited the car I gave her, she froze at the scent of the dog. It took her a few minutes, but she managed to find your scent mixed in with it. She followed it down the road until it stopped. It seemed you had got into a car with him. She couldn't find you. Charlie found her there. He had decided to look out the window to see if his favourite Cullen had arrived. He saw the Porsche, but no Alice. After going outside, however, he did find her. She was sitting on the pavement some ways down the road, her head in her tiny hands wondering what the Hell had happened and should she tell me and should she cancel the wedding and should she call Carlisle and... Not even I know what else went through her head at that time, and you and I both know that's saying something. She got your letter then. The one addressed to me. From her memory I saw that your father handed it to her with a grave, disappointed face, only saying: "She told me to tell you she was sorry." Before pulling my sister into his arms as she cried. Why did she cry, you ask? Well, it's simple really. I know it wasn't her wedding and you probably think she was upset because the whole thing would go to waste, but really, and you should know her well enough to be true, she cried because she trusted you, and you broke that trust while breaking my heart. She cried because you didn't even have the decency to say goodbye, or explain in person. We were engaged , you bitch! That is why she cried ! My apologies, but you know how my temper is. And so, when she finished her crying and gave Charlie a gentle hug, she quickly got back in her Porsche and went back home. "Where's Bella?" Almost everyone asked, alarmed by her expression and body language that was so out of character for her. "Oh, I don't know," My sister had replied, with a sad, small smile. "Petting some dog, I imagine." Only my parents and Rosalie knew what she meant, and you better be glad my brothers weren't home at the time. Fragile as you were, they wouldn't have been able to stop themselves from going to try and beat some sense into you. Alice set the letter on the mantle, put a smile on her face as she prepared to tell the assembled guests that the wedding was off, and awaited my return home. But what they didn't know, what none of them knew at the time, was that you regretted your cowardice and had called me, telling me to meet you. I did so, on the very edge of the border, you on the other side where I couldn't get you. You were leaning back against him as his arms were protectively curled around your body when I arrived, and I knew then. I knew there was no hope. You were leaving, and there was absolutely nothing I could do. It is here that you must give me some credit. I listened, and I stayed on my side of the border as you explained your growing feelings for the dog, and how you did still love me, but it was only after you said them that your words registered. For I was rooted to the spot in a jealous rage as I watched him kiss your cheek and pet your hair as if you were the dog as you talked. At the end of your speech you told me you were sorry for not telling me sooner, but as I looked into your eyes I saw that you weren't sorry for not telling me of your feelings sooner, you were sorry for not telling him sooner. "What if he imprints?" I had asked blankly. Here was my life, fading away. I had to point out the flaws. "Then I shall be happy for him," You answered immediately, kissing him lightly with a smile. My dead heart clenched painfully at the sight. Then you turned to me. "As I shall be happy for you if you find someone." You really didn't believe I loved you, did you? You didn't believe that you truly were my one and only. Vampires can only love once as I loved you. My God, I loved you. "May I have one last kiss?" I had asked hopefully, and you had nodded with a sad smile, tears brimming in your eyes. The dog growled as you stepped over the border, but you quieted him with a single look. Such control over the animal! You really had him hooked, my dear, and believe me when I say I know the feeling well. I pulled you into my arms for the last time and kissed you lightly on the lips before breaking away. But you hugged me tight to you, and I gratefully returned it. "Thank you," You squeaked, your voice thick with emotion. "Thank you for letting me have this. I hope we can still be friends." I pulled away slightly, you still in my arms, and looked down into your eyes. "Of course we can," I replied gently. "I want you to be happy, and if being with him makes you happy then I will not stop you from having that." "Thank you," You repeated, hugging me tightly once more before going back to his side. He immediately hugged you tightly, smothering you with his scent and trying to stamp out my own... I guess. Then you left with him, and I went to find my brothers. I ran long enough that the wind washed away whatever remnants of Jacob's scent I may have picked up. My brothers met with me in the place we had said we would, and the two of them ran back to the house in blissful ignorance, only for that to turn to dismay as we arrived to see my family, along with the Denalis, taking down every decoration and dismantling the aisle. They all turned to me in worry, explaining what had happened and offering their sorrow, but I simply shrugged, and said: "I know. Bella met up with me with Jacob this morning. She's left me for him." Their mouths dropped open, and I just ignored them in favour of going to my room. But when I got there, the tuxedo I was meant to be wearing on that day was laid out across the bed I had purchased for you, so I simply swept it up and flung it haphazardly into my closet. I didn't care anymore. Once it was off my bed I pulled back the covers and buried myself underneath them, burying my face in the pillow. As happy as I was that you were happy, it still hurt that you weren't happy with me . Sometime later, your father arrived at the house, asking to see me. Carlisle and my brothers literally dragged me from the bed and downstairs, where