You need to read my oneshot You're Home before this, as it will make a lot more sense if you do. This is basically what would have happened if Carlisle hadn't been able to find Edward in Rio that day. This is Edward's and the Cullen's reunion over a century later. Edward frowned as he stepped into the diner and the scents assaulted his nose. It was an odd mixture. Repulsive, delicious and familiar all at once, and he could name what each scent belonged to. The repulsive stench of human food was the most stagnant, although almost masked by the delicious, enticing, burning scent of human blood, which he manged to almost successfully ignore. He had not drunk it since his rebelious days just about two centuries ago, and he didn't intend to start drinking it now. And the last scent... That hadn't entered his nose for a hundred and twenty years. It was the scent of vampire, but not harsh like those who prey on humans. It was softer... almost. Laced with the scent of animal blood. It was purely Cullen. His plan to stay away from them for just over seventy years (the same amount of time he had stayed with them since his rebelious days) had backfired when he found himself unable to find them. When he had realised his sentence was over he had made sure to never make an active decision to find them, sure that Alice would see it and make the family move whenever he got too close so he would never find them. She must hate him. They must all hate him. And yet he has to find them, as he doesn't know. They might not hate him, and if he doesn't find them then he knows that for the rest of his existence he will only be asking himself the same question: What if? Edward is sure his family are aware he is alive, thanks to Eleazer, whom he hasn't seen for seventy years. He had visited the Denalis regularly, until... "Carlisle!" Eleazer greeted, lifting the phone to his ear. "How are you?" Edward froze, not making a sound. Don't tell them I'm here, he pleaded silently. Out of all the times he's visited, Carlisle has never called while he was actually in the house. "I'm as well as I can be, thank you, Eleazer," Carlisle replies solemnly, and the bronze haired vampire looked down in shame. The moment he had heard his father's thoughts in Rio, he had jumped from the rocks and into the ocean, not minding the pain of the salt irritating the open wounds on his salt covered his scent. Carlisle was unable to find his son. "Alice hasn't been able to find him, still. Sometimes its hard to believe its been fifty years since we last saw him." The Denali girls rolls their eyes at Edward before turning back to their , magazines. Eleazer glances at Edward apologetically before saying, "Carlisle..." Edward shakes his head frantically while reaching to take the phone from his friend. "Edward's here." "What?!" They hear the entire Cullen family exclaim on the other end of the line. Edward hears his daughter's voice for a moment, but it sounds different. More mature, less afraid, and almost... haunted. He stops to savour hearing his wife's voice for a moment before roaring: "DAMN YOU ELEAZER!" A collection of gasps comes from the other end of the phone, and the telepath realises too late that all he has done is given himself away, and before Eleazer can even put the phone down, he's gone. Edward shudders at the memory, and then almost smirks as the girls at the table he is standing next to notice his beauty, his mismsatched clothes, his lack of shoes and socks, and then the right side of his face. He knew he should've taken the venom out at the time, but he couldn't find it in himself to care. Because he left it in, the venom ate at his scars until they were deep enough that humans could see them with ease. He was just glad that they weren't obviously bite marks to them. That would have been hard to explain. ...don't know why Alice sends us here. I get that Jazz'll do anything for her but I don't get when I signed up for this. For God's sake, its just a crappy diner... The bronze haired vampire panics as he recognises Emmett's thoughts, and then Jasper's alongside him as they approach the diner. Alice must have seen him walk in here. Damn it. Making sure no humans are watching, he quickly sprints from the eatery by the back door. Emmett and Jasper Cullen enter the diner, one quite annoyed and the other slightly bored. They have entered the diner every day for the past two weeks per Alice's request, and nothing had ever changed about it. She always told them to wait there for a while before coming home, which confused them but they did so anyway. Something was different about today apparently, she 'could feel it'. They both inhale deeply as the scents assault their noses, Jasper thanking the stars that his control has improved greatly over the last century. But his eyes widen as his heightened senses notice it first. He inhales thrice more, just to make sure and is shocked to find the scent growing stronger as he approaches the bar. Emmett smells it then. "No way..." He mutters, turning to his brother. They then follow the scent through the back door of the diner, ignoring the employee informing them they can't go that way. They then follow it to the forest, where it gets so strong that they knows he's near. "He's close," Jasper snarls. They've been waiting for this day for a hundred and twenty years; they're not about to mess it up now. Then they hear him, running as fast and as far away from them as possible. They're after him immediately, although they never manage to catch sight of him. Emmett curses. Finally they come to a small, circular clearing. Trees tower overhead, mostly blocking the sky from view and casting green shadows across the forest floor. Snarling and growling lowly, the brothers inhale deeply. "He's got to be here somewhere," Emmett grumbles. "Scents don't just stop." Jasper nods before something occurs to him, looking up, he concentrates hard on the sounds surrounding him. It takes a short while, but finally someone shifts their weight in the tree above him, and he leaps. He's not sure what he expected, but what he didn't expect was to find himself face to face with the boy he once called brother, hanging onto the very same branches, their hands and feet only inches apart. Fear is written across Edward's face as he looks at the blond. He only stayed to make sure they left. He wanted to find them, to see them, but he didn't want to be forced into meeting them like this. He needed to do it in his own time. He isn't prepared for this. He isn't ready. Jasper's face, however, is one of shock. Edward knows he is studying his scars, and looks down. But he looks up in alarm as his old brother's thoughts shift. Just as the blond makes a grab for him, Edward leaps. He lands in the next tree, and can hear the shock in Jasper's thoughts. In the past century, Edward had found himself too lost in his own thoughts to realise he was passing through another vampire's territory, and found that it was either, a) get his head ripped off when the vampire notices him, or, b) run as fast as he can and hopefully escape with only a bite. In fact he had done it so much that running away has become second nature to him. He no longer needs to listen to other's thoughts to know when to run away or what the safest route is. He just knows. As he continues through the trees, he grits his teeth against the fabric of his jacket rubbing against a relatively fresh scar. He got it a couple of weeks ago, but again didn't take the venom out, which is why simple fabric is able to irritate it. Unfortunately, the bites adorning his face are not the only scars he holds, as there are many lining his arms and torso as well. Although, not as many as the vampire chasing him. He can hear Emmett running below him as Jasper fights through the leaves behind him. He's not sure if he can escape, but he'll try. Finally, he reaches the lake, and gracefully launches himself as far as he can from the tree closest to the bank. He just manages to reach the lake, sending water flying as he lands rather ungracefully in it. Swimming as fast as he can, he looks back to see the Cullen brothers standing still at the edge of the water. "Shit," Emmett curses. "Shit! I can't believe it! It was really him!" "I know..." Jasper whispers, still shocked by what he saw. Edward has definitely changed, but he's not sure how. He has clearly been in quite a few fights, as he could clearly see the outlines of other bites through the too-small jacket he was wearing. His clothes had clearly been stolen, as the jacket was too small, but the t shirt underneath it was too big, as were his trousers, and he was barefoot, dirt marring his feet and face. These facts made Jasper feel as though Edward had grown up considerably during his time away, but the fear written across his face and the way he ran from them made Jasper think that Edward is more of a child than when he left them, and that running away isn't a new thing for him. "We should get back." "Are we going to tell them what happened?" Emmett inquires as they begin the run back home, and Jasper nods. "Yes, but only when everyone is together. That way everyone will be able to get support from each other. Bella and Esme especially." Entering their home, they are glad to find everyone sitting in the living room, staring at Alice as she silently cries. Esme is trying to comfort her, and Jasper takes her from her immediately. "Family meeting, now," He orders, picking up his wife and carrying her into the dining room before placing her in the chair next the one he will take at one end of the rectangular table. The others file in and everyone sits down, Emmett at the other end of the table. There is no empty chair; they stopped hoping Edward would come home long ago. The brothers nod at each other before Emmett begins, deciding to give the news bluntly and immediately. "We saw Edward today." For the first time since he left, Bella begins crying. The others look over at her in shock. After he left she had been angry, and then when Carlisle returned alone she had gone into denial. After a month, she had finally given up and cried. She had cried for hours, only to 'wake up' the next morning with a new found determination to be the best mother she could to her child, who she knew would always have memories of the father that left her. Since then Bella had barely been alive, only ever smiling at her daughter, only ever hunting when she absolutely needed to and only ever talking when she was asked a direct question. But she never, ever cried. Jacob, Nessie and Esme went to comfort her immediately, rubbing her back and comforting her as best they could. But it wouldn't work. Bella was in need of her husband, the person who understood her most, and yet he wasn't there, and they doubted he ever would be. "What happened?" Carlisle asked quietly, tearing his eyes from his crying daughter, wanting