May, 1966 "They're crossing over into an area that's been off limits. It's a bad sign," Dr. Cullen's crisp voice carried out across the yard as several of the community's fathers gathered to discuss the politics of the Vietnam War. "They've been trying to take land that wasn't theirs for longer than just this war. Those damn gooks, always the greedy bastards. We should bomb them the way we did the Japs. That'll teach 'em," Michael Newton Sr. exclaimed loudly, his pale cheeks awash with color. Bella, bored and weary of the talk on the Vietnam War, wandered away to where some of her recently graduated classmates stood. They were chattering happily, talking about making plans for their final summer of freedom before they got married, or started careers, or in the rare case went off to college like the Cullens. "Isabella?" Edward Cullen called softly, setting down his Styrofoam plate of food. "Are you hungry? I can get you something if you'd like," he asked, eager to attend to her if she wished. "Sit and allow me to serve you." "How many times must I ask you to call me 'Bella'?" Bella teased, her smile thin. "It would not be appropriate to shorten your name informally without some type of," Edward hesitated, his eyes searching Bella's face with hope before he continued, "…intimate familiarity between us." Immediately Bella looked down at the table she had sat at. Edward Cullen had been trying to date since she had turned twelve, despite him being older by two years. Angela, Bella's best friend had whispered to her early in the day that the only reason Edward had come home from college this summer was so that he could pursue a relationship with Bella. "I'll just be gone a moment. If you'll excuse me," Edward said, walking away, presumably to prepare a plate for Bella. She looked up to where his older brother, Emmett, and fiancée Rosalie Hale were speaking to Mrs. Esme Cullen. Rosalie was perfect to join the Cullen household. She held herself poised exactly as Esme did: nose up, makeup perfectly applied, lips pursed unless a smile was required and then the perfect sound of a tinkering laugh. That wasn't Bella and never would be. She was happy wearing pants, something Mrs. Esme Cullen would roll over and die if she was asked to. Bella also liked being able to relax and be herself, not having to worry about what the towns people thought of her or if her husband was contributing adequately to society. A white plate of fried chicken and potato salad suddenly appeared in front of Bella and she gave Edward a smile of thanks, watching the young man look entirely too hopeful for her liking. It would be a long afternoon. The last of the party's guests were leaving, Mr. Newton having one last heated debate with Charlie, probably over the idea of their two children getting married. Michael was okay, but Bella didn't want to be his wife. She didn't particularly want to be Edward Cullen's wife either, but Charlie did. His only little girl marrying a man intent to be a doctor would relieve his mind of her wellbeing. When the last vehicle pulled away from the house and Charlie walked back inside to watch the news, Bella slowly walked over to the tables still lined with dishes and food from the earlier party. Her mind wasn't concentrating on the task at hand, her hands blindly grasping objects to stack. Leaning over the red and white checkered tablecloth to reach the dishes on the other side, a shiny copper object suddenly hovered in her line of sight. "Penny for your thoughts," a voice teased from behind her. The figure quickly stepped around to stand in front of her, revealing the man she had missed. "Jacob!" Bella cried excitedly, turning around to give him a hug. She hesitated briefly, surveying the yard to make sure no one was about before wrapping her arms around the waist of her forbidden best friend. "There's some food left over. Do you want me to get you a plate?" She asked sincerely. "Maybe later." He paused to center himself before speaking rapidly if not a bit harshly. "I came here to wish you congratulations on your graduation, but then I heard your dad talking while I was waiting for the crowd to leave. He's gonna make sure you're well on your way to being married before Fall." "He'll certainly try, but I do still have to say yes and that will never happen." "Cullen will treat you good. He's got money and his family has prestige. You'd be foolish to say 'no'." "Why do you always push me away? If I wanted to marry Edward, I would have dated him. Instead, I found myself taking hikes through the forests with the best tour guide to be found." "Do you remember that first time I found you struggling through the forest, lost, cold, wet, hungry and fit to cry?" "Yes," Bella answered peevishly, the memory far from being her favorite despite the fact that it was what allowed them to meet in the first place. "You scared the heck out of me and then proceeded to make fun of me for ten minutes, speaking in Quileute as if I knew it." "You weren't afraid after the initial shock, though," Jacob whispered, still in awe at her bravery. She had been twelve years old, a white girl lost in the middle of nowhere and found by a fourteen year old, male Native American dressed in his tribal clothing on a mission to hunt. "Why would I have been afraid of you?" Bella teased, playfully pinching his arm. "Your bow and arrow were still on your back and your knife was sheathed. If you had meant to hurt me, you wouldn't have chatted in gibberish for so long." "Gibberish? How do you know I wasn't reciting some pagan ritual before I skinned you?" "Because," Bella said softly, wondering why Jacob seemed so anxious, "if it had been a barbaric ritual killing, the words would have sounded harsh and guttural." Her voice lowered, "demonic even." Jacob used more than just his eyes to observe the area around them before bending over to hover in front of Bella's face. "You're crazy, you know that?" he asked. Without waiting for an answer, he kissed her softly on the lips. "God damn commies!" Charlie's voice poured out of the window, disturbing the young couple's moment of affection. Jacob took two large steps away from Bella in preparation of fleeing into the nearby trees and hiding from her father should he suddenly appear in one of the windows overlooking the yard, or worse yet, on the back porch itself. "It's okay, Jacob. Charlie is just watching the news. The war, you know?" Bella tried to explain quietly, eager to resume their embrace and shut out the rest of the world. "He's right, though," Jacob whispered, taking Bella's hand as he sat down on the picnic bench, pulling her next to him. "The war has really taken a toll on people. Did you know Marcus Gambini?" Bella's brow scrunched as she searched for a face to go with the name. "Sort of. He graduated my freshman year, I think. Why, how do you know him?" "I didn't. Mrs. Stanley sometimes accompanies the missionaries on their visits and she was telling one of them about how his parents were devastated that he got killed overseas in the war." Bella's hand flew up to cover her mouth in shock, her eyes glistening with quickly forming tears. "I had no idea. Charlie never said anything and it wasn't mentioned at church last Sunday. How awful." "He is just one of many, though, Bella. Even on the tribe where we speak little of the rest of the world, this battle beyond the waters of salt affect us." "How so?" Bella asked, surprised when Jacob didn't immediately answer. His jaw tightened as though he were angry. "Our brothers to the north of here, the Makah… one of theirs went to fight and lost his life." "I'm so sorry, Jacob. Did you know him well?" "Our community is small. We know everyone like family," Jacob said sadly, looking down at their clasped hands. "He was only a summer older than me." Bella squeezed tightly again, sharing his pain. She hadn't know his friend but she had known Marcus. Jacob didn't need to hear words that would do nothing to take away his grief or bring back the dead. "We won't be accepted, Bella," Jacob whispered after some time. "Your father will disown you and the community will shun you. We can't live on the reservation; the tribe would eat you alive and spit you out." "Then we'll live somewhere else," Bella whispered back. She wasn't scared of what others thought; people who went to church once a week and could still treat other races as if they were unworthy. "With what money? Most of my cash I have to give to my dad to help keep food on the table." "We'll move to the city where there are more opportunities. I can work at a diner or maybe even get a job as a secretary somewhere. I have a few hundred dollars saved up and that should last until we can find a better arrangement," Bella argued. "I may have one," Jacob said quietly, his hand tightening around hers. She waited patiently for him to share his idea. "All your dad sees in me is some half-breed fool. If I can prove myself worthy of him, maybe he'll agree to us getting married." "Jacob," Bella stated quietly, unsure how to ease his discomfort. "My dad doesn't hate you and your worthiness doesn't need to be proven to him. It's my opinion that counts and to me, you're perfect." "How can that be? I never even went to high school and the only reason I can read and write is because of the missionaries who occasionally visit the Reservation." "Jacob, books don't hold the answers to life. There is more to you than you let on. Why don't you believe that?" "Because I want better for you. I want to be with you, but not living in some trashed home that has more holes than insulation and isn't fit to house rodents, much less my wife." "Wife?" Bella asked, her voice quivering slightly. If Jacob said the word, she would march into her house, gather her things and go away with him right now. It didn't matter if it was today, tomorrow or next week. Here in Forks, nothing would ever change and them waiting for a time when it would was never going to happen. But he had never talked about marrying her. "Yeah…wife. If you'll marry me?" His large hands cupped her face gently and Bella was unable to focus on anything other than his eyes. "I know we've never talked about it, but if you're serious and you really want to be with me, I want to marry you." "Yes, Jacob. Yes! I will marry you." They had both been respectively kicked out of their homes when the parents had been informed of the couple's plan to wed. Charlie hadn't realized his daughter had even known about the local reservation located thirty miles away from their sleepy town. For her to then announce she was planning on marrying someone who lived there had been the biggest shock of his life. "You're ruining your life, Bella. If you go through with this, you can't live here," Charlie said quietly from her bedroom doorway, watching as she packed her clothes into an old duffel bag and then threw her bedding and some books into a nearby box. "I love him, Dad. I'm not ruining my life and neither is Jacob. We're going to get married and be happy." She grabbed the packed bag to