"Two double cheeseburgers, fries and…" Feeling a slight pang of guilt to the promise he had made Kim, Jared added, "A small house salad." Guilt disappearing, Jared slapped the menu closed and grinned at his friend, waiting for him to order. Paul raised an eyebrow before turning to address the impatient waitress. "Make mine the same minus the rabbit-kibble and add an order of onion rings." The waitress shoved her pad and pen back into her apron before taking the menus and scurrying off. "Man, I should've gotten onion rings too," Jared offered mournfully. "What's up with the side-dish of lettuce? Are you suddenly worried about your weight?" Paul asked scathingly. Neither of them had to worry one damn bit about their caloric intake other than making sure it was a lot. Vegetables didn't have much value in the way of a werewolf diet. "No, it's Kim. She's worried about her own weight which means I have to worry about mine as well according to her. She doesn't think I eat healthy enough and asked me to make sure I tried to cut back on fried foods and eat a few fruits and vegetables. "And you don't think you could have gotten away with just asking for extra pickles for your burger?" Paul asked, not really caring one way or another. It wasn't his stomach that would be growling for more food an hour sooner than it normally would. Jared would have to eat five or six salads to accommodate for the calories from onion rings. "Damn it, Paul! Why didn't you say anything sooner? I could have asked for extra lettuce and tomatoes too." "Because it amuses me to watch you squirm over the mishaps you find yourself in due to being imprinted." Jared knew better than to continue to bait Paul on the topic of imprinting. The legends had said it was rare, but true to folklore, most took it for face value and didn't look for missing elements. In every generation of wolves, the family lines and names were recorded along with who was the Alpha and his mate. Any other mate was not considered for recorded value as only the male lines were followed for the remaining pack members. The rest of the current pack had imprinted with the exception of Paul. He never spoke of it outwardly, constantly praising the joys of a single man's life and the bed variety he switched every couple of weeks. It was during celebrations and holidays, when the pack got together with their imprints, that Paul's nonchalance was a shield of longing. He may be a possessive, intolerable asshole, but if he ever imprinted, those feelings would mellow and become redirected towards a single love. That was the pack's hope anyways. Shrugging indifference, Jared went along with Paul's reasoning. "Go ahead and be amused. Next time Emily asks me what type of dessert she should make, I'll tell her you requested prunes." "With enough sugar and breading, I'm sure I could manage." Jared couldn't stop his laugh. "Yeah, Paul, you probably could." Looking around the covered patio of diners, Paul leaned back in his chair to avoid the awkward conversation his friend was sure to bring up. Any time the wolves gathered together more than one would take the opportunity to comment about Paul's lifestyle. "So, Paul, how is Amy doing these days? I haven't seen her around the Rez lately," Jared commented slyly. Paul's non-imprinted status was an entirely different topic than not having an imprinting. Paul met Jared's gaze. "You mean Amber?" A shrug. "She's gone." "She actually broke up with you?" This was news. Paul rarely let a girl come to his house, Amy/Amber being one of the rare exceptions. Kim thought it was because Paul was trying to accommodate for not having an imprint. The wolves thought it was because Paul had decided if a chick stayed the night, he'd get to tap it some more. "We weren't dating, Jared; we were mutually exclusively fucking each other, just like the rest of the women you insist on labeling as my girlfriends," Paul explained in his fully rational guy-mindset. "Don't you get tired of it, though?" Jared asked earnestly. "I mean, I can't even imagine being with anyone else, not even if the imprint suddenly disappeared." The snort Paul gave could be heard half way across the street. "Whatever. If it weren't for that, none of you would still be with the girls you have. Except maybe for Sam, but only because he'd be afraid his old lady would beat the shit out of any other girl he might try to show interest in." "I don't know…they're kind of perfect for each other. I think even without the wolf side-effects, he'd have stuck around and kept her." Secretly Paul kind of thought so, too. Not that he had a thing for Sam's girl, far from it. And he wasn't willing to give up the extra curricular pussy he presently engaged in; a different chick once a month who fell into the category of perfect until she started eyeing him with a look of determination. Frustrated with himself once again, Paul gave up thinking about a long term thing. He wanted someone who was the complete opposite of his own personality and those types of chicks stayed far away. "…and Kim said she thought you two might be perfect for each other. What do you think?" Jared asked, abruptly disrupting Paul's chaotic musings. "I think," Paul answered, while flashing polite grins at their waitress as she set their plates down, "that my answer would be hell-fuck-no. Not to that, doll," he said, reaching out to grab the waitress's hand that was quickly retreating with a bottle of hot sauce. With a wink, she placed it back on the table before leaving. "See, now that right there is your problem," Jared offered when the waitress was out of earshot. Pushing his salad away from his line of sight, he continued. "That waitress could be nice and stuff but your gestures basically said 'Wanna meet up later and get busy?'. If you're going to keep a girl interested in you longer than a couple of weeks, you have to play a little hard-ball." The large bite of burger Paul had just taken, thumped unattractively back on his plate. "You think I need to act like a dork to keep a girl? I already told you, Jared, I like my arrangements just fine and I'm not about to turn into a monk to keep some chick." Paul resumed eating, grabbing a handful of onion rings to shove into his mouth. He swallowed hard before adding, "Fuck! That's sounds boring as shit. Why the hell would I want a piece of pussy to be around me and not touch it?" "You mean fuck it?" Jared sighed under his breath. "Exactly. That too! I enjoy some roughness in the bed, but I'm not a fucking masochist. No way would I torture myself from having sex just to see if a girl is worth keeping around. That's like those dweebs who buy a bottle of wine and wait fifty fucking years for it to mature before they open it and half the time they can't even do it since they've kept it sealed for so long as is." "Paul, I don't think you can compare quality relationships to the art of aging fine wines. Although, now that you mention it that could be a nice way to invest some cash. Maybe I should have Kim research it a bit. We could easily store them in the basement. I could even make one of those cool wine racks." 'Are you fucking nuts? Do you know how little return you'd get back on a bottle of wine? There's probably only a two to three hundred percent mark-up value after fifty years. Insurance would cut into that because what the hell would you do if your house suddenly burned down or was robbed? With most policies you'd only get purchase price value back but if you file for a collectors addendum it'd cost a lot more," Pausing mid-discussion/rant, Paul took in Jared's stunned expression. "And fuck! What the hell am I doing even talking to you about this shit?" Picking up his second burger, Paul tore into the bun. "You and Kim can go on and be merry, secret closet lushes until the end of time. Just leave me out of any match making schemes you two plot together over like junior high school twats." Choosing to ignore Paul's lack of tact concerning his reason for existence, Jared zeroed in on his friend's abrupt topic. "I didn't even know you knew about investing and collectibles, Paul. What's that about?" Trying really hard not to chuck the remaining burger across the table at his friend's head, Paul just shook his head sadly. "Look, I know we're a community and all and that our people look out for each other, but I don't want to be impoverished for the rest of my life. I make decent money at work; not grand, but better than being a cart pusher somewhere. I went online and did some searching in bonds, grants, retirement accounts and stuff and it's kind of easy. There were several sites that show you how to start saving bits and pieces, here or there. I'm not going to have enough money to buy a yacht or some shit, but I'd like to know that I can at least be able to afford more than cat food to live on when I get old." "Wow!" Still staring at Paul like he had never met the man, Jared was impressed. "I mean, Paul the man whore has a portfolio. That's kind of impressive." "Fuck you, Jared," Paul ribbed good naturedly, watching him pull the salad back towards him. "I'll be laughing my ass off at you when we're eighty-five and I can afford the fancy TV dinners while you're trying to live off of bread and peanut butter for the week." Feeling better about himself, Paul and Jared joked for the rest of the meal. His life was far from mapped out but he was comforted in knowing that he could handle just about anything life might throw at him. Anything being like the possibility of staying single for the rest of his life. A famished and impoverished girl had seen the two strangers dining earlier at a local shop. Normally she wouldn't have paid them a bit of attention. It was Tuesday which meant the next-door bakery had thrown away their old pastries in the bins out back. They didn't put the trash out until early afternoon just before lunch. It was common for officers to be on the lookout for people like her and most of her kind stayed away when necessary. Today, however, was a huge necessity. She hadn't eaten in seven, maybe eight days. Her max limit was usually five, but the demons had been disappointed in her usual offerings. It wasn't her fault. The local restrooms she used to clean up in were closed and even lustful men didn't want to be lured by a dirty girl. The last man she had brought to her captors was a rival homeless man. He was old, decrepit and coughed all the time. Bella had heard him crying in his sleep and decided he would probably die anyway due to poor health and harsh living conditions. Disappointment reigned high when Bella had opened the trash bin to Sweet Delights. Someone, probably that creepy dish-washer, had thrown dirty water on top of all the slightly crusty goodies. Tentaively Bella had tried to sample some of the goo. She wasn't overly picky most of the time and her stomach was so taut, it hurt with every breath. The water had been mixed with bleach, soap and grease. Her mouth puckered and the small bite she had tried to consume