My world is burning. My eyes are like pools of inferno that could do serious damage even to the sun. Nothing could ever quench the fury that's threatening to spill out of my guts. I set the letter I received this morning on top of my ruined breakfast. I didn't realize that I had, somehow, managed to blow my pecan pie around me in smithereens until after I read that stupid, ridiculous, joke of a letter. I even found splashes of my pumpkin juice on Harry and Ron's faces, which, to the relief of my subconscious, didn't even notice since they're busy looking like someone stuffed them with poisonous doxies down their throats. Not that I can blame them. They, too, received the blasted letter. "This had better be a joke." Ginny said, smoke coming out of her ears, looking at Harry while stabbing at her lamb chops. "Couldn't be. It's got the seal and everything, bloody hell..." said Harry coming out of his trance. Ron couldn't speak, yet. He is a horrible shade of puce, his left eye twitching. My mind is already running full throttle, you could almost see it combusting under mental strain. The gang which includes Harry, Ron, Ginny, Neville, Dean, Lavender, Luna, Parvati, Padma and I still cannot believe the latest news we received in the mail while we were having breakfast at the Gryffindor table. Everyone received the memo. It was almost comical when we looked at each other in varying expressions of befuddlement after we finished reading it. Then we all turned to read the contents again just to be sure and let the horror sink in. The Ministry of Magic have officially gone barmy and hammered the final nail in my coffin. (Or their coffin when I'm through with them cause I'll never let this slide.) They've been changing a lot of the wizarding laws after the war to accommodate the "New Era" and the possibilities it offered. The reforms were generally harmless and quite productive in terms of unity and the firm hand to establish the belief that muggles are to be left alone and the prejudice against the muggleborns are discouraged. Now, they have done so much good so they're bound to do something stupid, right? Right. They did. And they messed up spectacularly. I am holding in my hands the terrible shortcomings of the Wizengamot. The so-called 'solution' to the population problem the magical community is facing right now. The creation of laws aimed to prevent another war which previously decimated almost half of the wizarding population and... they must be failing. Because unless this new clause about the MARRIAGE SODDING LAW is eradicated from the face of the Earth, so help me, there'll be another war. And this time, instead of a noseless Hitler-wannabe, they're gonna be dealing with a crazy muggleborn witch instead. I'll even make sure to have Harry The-Boy-Who-Killed-Noseless-Hitler-Wannabe on my side. Ron, too. And Ginny , whose bat-bogey hex and general badassedness (I know it's not a word but even my mind right now is a spluttering mess), can be a great force to reckon with. Dammit, I'll do anything to put a stop to this farce. "Really? Arranged marriage? Is that all the solution they could think of to prevent us dying out? Couldn't they just, I don't know, encourage procreation and reward people with three or more children instead?" Dean Thomas, a half-blood, said in exasperation, breaking my reverie. "Apparently, they didn't think this through. Blasted morons these ministry officials are. Bumbling idiots. Buffoons of the highest friggin' order…" I chanted with more colorful profanities and, if I do say so myself, creative expletives. Ron finally snapped from his shock about the disturbing news and joined me in cursing the ministry with more coarse words. Ginny didn't take long to join in and spewed random biting curses. Harry was covering Luna Lovegood's ears to protect her from our outbursts while shouting obscenities himself. "Shut up all of you!" Padma and Dean said together. "My ears are bleeding! Stop it!" said a random witch from the Ravenclaw table. "Merlin's blue balls! You four could really cuss up a storm! I expect nothing less from you three but I didn't know you had it in you Hermione! Luna dear, don't copy their example." Neville said, shocked at all the cacophony we caused. We abruptly stopped but we we're still fuming. Harry stopped covering Luna's ears when he was sure we stopped cursing and she resumed staring at nothing, still thinking about her letter. The entire school must've heard all of it because everybody is looking at us as if they are preparing for a fight to break out. At the corner of my eyes, I saw Malfoy at the Slytherin table chewing his food calmly while watching us, clutching his own letter. That puke-inducing ferret. I don't care about what all of the female population here at Hogwarts is saying about his oh-so-glorious hair and whatnot. He's still a prat. "You'd be surprised how Hermione can be when she's agitated like this." Parvati said. She would know since we share dormitories with three others. "Don't tell me that you're okay with all this bull. I mean, who forces people who are NOT in love to marry each other and practically orders them to have at least three children, THREE! They are beyond freaking mad!" I almost screamed while banging the table with my fists. "See what I mean?" Parvati replied winking at Neville. "What?!" I fumed. "After this Marriage Law clause thing, all you could comment on is my behavior? Of course, I'm taking this very badly and as all respectable people in this flipping country, so should you!" I spouted at her. That girl is dense, I tell you. She may be twins with Padma but all the intelligence went to her sister. "She's right Mione, you're quite scary when you're like this" Ron chimed in, his mind taking him, probably to that one time when I sent those birds after him. Funny how the story never mentioned him being attacked by a big spider and Peeves pelting him with the dungbombs I 'generously' gave. Hehe. Luna patted him in the back, reassuring him then said, "At least she didn't turn you into a blast ended-skrewt then splashed with bubotuber pus." "She what?" asked a horrified Lavender. "Oh, it's nothing." I smirked. Goyle deserved it. That was a good one. I never even got caught. "She scares me, too." Harry added looking back when she discovered Dobby's body after they apparated from the Malfoy manor and what she did to Bellatrix in retaliation during the war. Poor Bellatrix didn't stand a chance and was reduced to an insane, blubbering mess before Molly finished her off. Before he could turn his thoughts to Rita Skeeter, another unfortunate soul who crossed Hermione before, Dean interrupted him. "But Hermione's right, though. What gave them the right to force us into a marriage and even dictate how many children we should have?" "Yeah, the ministry trying to repopulate the magical world like this, it's bonkers. You'd never hear something like this in the muggle world." said Harry. "I'm not really all that disturbed." said Padma. Oh, great, I must've made a mistake about her intelligence. Why did she get sorted to Ravenclaw again? She continued, "It's not really all that surprising since this happened before in the 1500's. There was a war and it killed almost all the wizarding population. The law enforcers panicked which led to the creation of the first Marriage Law ever passed. Can't blame them, though. After that war only about 500 witches and wizards remained who could still procreate and they we're scared that we would vanish altogether if they don't do anything about it. I mean these people could decide not to have children or whatever. We should be thankful that they reduced the required number of children that should be born per arranged couple to three." Alright, so she's smart. I have got to get my hands on that info. "Wait, what? They were required to produce how many babies exactly?" Ginny asked, incredulous. "Five." replied Padma. "Five, huh." mused Ron. "That's nothing on my family. We Weasleys are a fertile bunch." "Ew, gross Ron" said Lavender, repulsed. She would never want that many kids. Why, that would be disastrous for her body. "Shut your gob, Lavender. My family's not gross, besides I'd like to have at least 7 kids" snapped Ginny. Harry spilled his pumpkin juice. Everyone in our table stared at her. She must be kidding. "What? I love kids!" defended Ginny. Nope. Not kidding at all. "Actually, I love the plan. I'm partnered with the delectable quidditch Keeper for the Wimbourne Wasps Cormac McLaggen!" gushed Parvati. She must really think she's lucky. Poor girl. Ron and Harry exchanged pitying looks. Egotistical and incredibly boring though he be, I'd rather have him than who I'm partnered with. Thinking about the name that the ministry paired with me, it's all I could do to keep myself from self-destructing. "Who's gonna be the fortunate Potter-to-be, eh, Harry?" asked Parvati, suddenly intrigued. Oh, no, now everyone is eager to know the others' assigned partner. Now is probably a good time to excuse myself and plot on how to get out of this miserable mess but I'm quiet curious about it, too. Not that I'm hoping that they'll get partners as despicable as mine. No, not at all. I could practically hear Harry groaning, " Astoria Greengrass. " I don't know why he's complaining. That's one hell of a hot girl right there. Green eyes, beautiful, blond and curvy in the right places, I'd say he won a prize without doing anything. I'm straight but I find myself fangirling over the Slytherin. I guess he still have a thing for Ginny. After the war, they never got back together. Ginny told me that the flames died down, whatever that means. "Who's yours Dean?" "I got Daphne Greengrass. Hmm, I guess we'll be related somehow", Dean responded. Another guy that got lucky. I don't know what the ministry is thinking. "Who is yours Ginny?" Dean proceeded to ask. He can't hide that he still harbors a crush on her. "Well, I am going to be a Zabini soon. Not bad. I'm gonna send flowers to whoever paired me with him. He's not bad to look at and he looks like he's intelligent, too." She flipped her hair, obviously pleased. Hmm. This is bad. Ginny doesn't care about the law because she got the hunk. Blimey, if this keeps up I'll have no one to start a revolt with. I have to convince everybody that this marriage law hogwash is a bad idea, that it violates our right to a freedom of choice. But before I could protest, Ginny asked Neville who he's partnered with. "Cho Chang" he responded with shoulders slumped. I don't get it. The boys got the prettiest girls in school and they're miserable. But then the more miserable they are, the more rebellious they'd be and they'd make the perfect accomplice. Down with the ministry, I say! "I don't see why you should be all glum about it. I'm telling you Cho is a catch!" said Padma, defending her friend. "You're lucky. Me? Not so much. I got Creevey! Dang it, Creevey!" Hmm. Recruiting Padma to the No-To-The-Marriage-Crap-Law movement would be easy. Well, the name of the whole institution is still under construction. I wouldn't want to give it a crappy name. Look at where S.P.E.W. got me. "Older Creevey or Younger Creevey?" asked Ginny trying to sound sympathetic. "The older one." A despondent Padma answered. I pity the girl. Collin is quiet the perv. No wonder he likes clicking his camera so much. "Anyway, I'm much more interested who the ministry partnered with Luna." Everyone turned to look at Luna who was preoccupied at the moment with whatever is