The 79th Hunger Games Prologue During the 74th Annual Hunger Games... Katniss Everdeen, District Twelve, "Clove!" Cato's voice is frighteningly close now. Judging by the pain and uncertainty in it, I can tell that he sees her on the ground. "You better run now, Fire Girl," says Thresh. I don't need to be told twice. I flip over and my feet dig into the hard-packed earth as I run away from Thresh and Clove and the sound of Cato's voice. Trying to run away from the nightmare that had taken place at the Cornucopia a mere few minutes ago. Only when I reach the woods do I turn back for an instant. Thresh and both large backpacks are vanishing over the edge of the pain into the area I've never seen. Cato is kneeling over Clove, desperately whispering to her. He'll soon realise it's pointless. He's holding her hand, a gentle look on his face that contrasts sharply against the arrogance he had always projected. For a moment, I'm reminded of when I held Rue's hand in that meadow, singing her to sleep. Then he looks up and our eyes meet. That's when I start running for real. He saw me. Cato saw me. It seems like every root is making an effort to trip me up, every branch slapping me in the face, every step I take is like wading though quicksand. He saw me. I'm still trying to run away, loping like the injured deer that I am with blood obscuring my vision and a wolf on my tail. My entire world has shrunk to the thudding of my feet – my feet which make no attempts at being quiet just as long as I get to Peeta alive – and the blood steadily pouring down my face and mixing with the mud. Mixing in with the fear and confusion, I stumble though the forest, disorientated. I've dropped my bow and I stop for a few moments, fumbling around to pick it up with uncooperative fingers. My world is spinning like a kaleidoscope from the steady loss of blood from the wound Clove gave me. I didn't do anything to prevent her death. Clove was trying to kill me, pinning me to the ground and preparing to turn my face into a nightmare. He would be after me. Could I stop now, just for a second? I didn't have Cato's backpack, Thresh did. Thresh had killed Clove, hadn't he? Cato would surely go after – A branch snapped and my head whips around. It came from my right, otherwise I wouldn't be able to hear it. It's enough to get me running again. It seems like it'll never stop, me being the hunted while the hunter laughs. Firstly it's me, running from the Peace-keepers back home. Then it's just me against the Capitol. They already have me trapped. Now they've set Cato on me and he's not going to give up. It seems like my entire life has consisted of running but now I have no choice. I'm in no state to fight anyone. There's only a few of us left now; Cato, Foxface, Thresh, Peeta and me. Any one of them could easily knock me to the floor and end my life. Except that Peeta is on my side, Foxface is on the other side of the forest and Thresh is in the fields. Cato, he's here. Cato's here and he's going to kill me if I stay still for too long. It's that fact that keeps my legs moving, although they burn with every movement. Burning because I am the Girl on Fire and the Capitol are waiting for that fire to turn on me. All I can hear is the erratic beat beat of my heart and my footsteps, which are slowing down as I hear nothing else. Not even the twittering of birds. I slow down until I ground to a halt in front of a tree. I recognise the tree, the dried shell of the tracker-jacker nest. Bad memories swarm around here like a swarm of invisible tracker-jackers, waiting to overpower me with fear. I remember hiding up there, injured, while the Careers surrounded me while Peeta hung by the sides – Peeta! I have the bag. Peeta's going to be okay, as soon as I get back to the cave then he'll be okay, he'll be alive and back to his normal – Pain blossoms in my stomach as I'm flung though the air and into the tree. I look down and to my horror, there's a spear though my stomach, embedded into the tree. I'm literally stuck to the tree by the spear. Every movement, even breathing, hurts so much. My mouth opens in pain but no sound comes out. If any did then I can't hear it. The spear is yanked viciously out of the tree and I'm dropped into the waiting arms of my killer, Cato. My limbs are lifeless, limp like a rag doll as he shoves me harshly onto the forest floor. "Looks like the Girl on Fire's about to be extinguished," Cato smirks, kicking me in the stomach, sending another tidal wave of agony though my chest, and splattering blood on his boot, "District Twelve isn't going to be going home this year." He gestures to my backpack. The fire that I was named for returns and I give him a snide remark back, "Neither is Clove." I manage to gasp back, my defiant tone ruined by my breathy voice. He stops being amused and before I can blink, he swings his foot at my ribs. I hear a popping sound and wince slightly in pain – at least two ribs were broken from the force of the impact. Any chance of me escaping have disappeared when he did that. Now I'm completely at his mercy. Completely at the mercy of the tribute who wants me dead the most. "I kill her in my own way, and nobody interferes." Cato's words echo in my head, mocking me. Since everybody else is dead, nobody's going to interfere now. No Peeta in shining armour and chivalric manners was going to run in and take out Cato for me. I'm on my own. Completely on my own. Cato smirks at me, his good mood making a reappearance, "You know, I've wanted this ever since you dropped that tracker-jacker nest on us," He says in a conversational tone, like we're eating lunch out in a park, "Every night, I watched the sky, hoping nobody would take the joy of me killing you away from me," His eyes are fixated on mine, a triumphant grin twisting his lips. It's terrifying how much he's enjoying this, "You blew up the supplies, didn't you?" When I don't reply, he slaps me, "Answer!" He orders. Just to be slightly rebellious, I nod instead of saying something. His eyes light up, "Didn't do you much good, did it?" He asks but I get the impression that I'm not supposed to answer. I do have one though but my voice seems to be in my throat, incapable of escaping, like my words are stuck to my throat with glue. He notices this and looks annoyed, "Can you even speak?" He asks me, no concern in his voice, not that I was expecting any. I try again to make a coherent sentence. This time a choked gargle is released, which is answer enough. His face darkens and he picks up his spear again. Looks like I've ruined his fun, "You're already dead then," He points out, "Might as well let you and Lover boy be reunited in heaven," He prepares to plunge the spear into my heart. "At least I'll go to heaven." I finally get a few words out, in defiance of my current condition, as the spear enters my chest. However, I doubt this very much. I've killed, I've lied, I've stole my way though this life. Cato glares at me, "Like you're so great." He sounded angry, a scowl etched on his face as he rips out the spear, "You had nothing. Nothing," He spits out, "You're from District Twelve, the coal district. The freaking coal district." He seems lost for words and I'm surprised at the depth of his bitterness, "You had nothing," He repeats, "And yet you got an eleven. A eleven. I trained my entire life for this and I only received a ten. You got an eleven and you, and you..." He trails off, struggling to complete his sentence. He gives up and changes it altogether, "What makes you so special?" He asks me, nudging me with a boot for an answer. If he wants one, none is forthcoming. "You had nothing. And you're here, same as me." He shakes his head, not really paying any attention to me as he vents his feelings out on someone. Someone who you had just killed, but still a person, "You didn't really have a choice, not in your mind." I was about to say – or try and say – that I didn't have to volunteer but when he says the last part, my mind flies back to my sister. My little sister. It was all for Prim. Selling her baby clothes so that she could have a slice of bread on the table, buying her the goat, Lady, volunteering for her at the Reaping. I was only trying to keep her alive. At least I've succeeded. She's back at home with my mother and Gale and Peeta's father to feed her. If only the burden of the world wasn't going to be dumped upon her little shoulders at thirteen. Why did Effie have to reap her? Did she have any idea of what would happen to my family when she pronounced, loud and clear "Primrose Everdeen"? And suddenly I'm not in the arena anymore. I'm back home in District Twelve, deep in the recesses of the woods, far, far away from the prying eyes of the Capitol. Up on the very top branches of a tree is my ally and friend, Rue. Not Prim, Rue. I do not know why, maybe it's because Rue was the closest I had to a human confidante in the arena. Maybe it's because Rue is dead while Prim, sweet little Prim, is still alive. Rue's singing to me, singing like I sung to her as she slowly slipped away from me. Although I have never heard Rue sing that song to me, here I can hear her voice bright and vibrant as she repeats the same verse of the lullaby to me as my world starts to flicker with shards of black. Deep in the meadow, under the willow, A bed of grass, a soft green pillow, Below me, I can feel the grass against my skin, tickling me like fingers as the breeze stirs a few of the grass blades to stroke my arms gently. I smile at Rue, forgetting that she's starting to go a little blurry, who grins back at me with an innocence that reminds me of Prim. She's not here and my smile fades. Where is she? I think, but only a faint twang of concern runs though me as I start to feel sleepy. Lay down your head, and close your sleepy eyes, And when again they open, the sun will rise. Any traces of stress roll off me like rain rolls off one of those cars you find in the Capitol. It's a nice, warm day and it'll be perfect to just close my eyes for a few hours in the kind sun rays. In the distance, I can hear a constant murmuring but no matter how hard I strain my ears, I still can't make out any words. Oh well, it doesn't really matter. I try and laugh but a jagged breath of air being let out is the only thing that I can manage. Looking down,