Cashmere Amorelle, 24 District 1, She looks up at the reruns of the interviews that had just taken place, the edited version of what had really happened. Looking at the recaps, you could have overlooked the sarcasm present in the gushing soliloquies the siblings had performed. To any casual observer, the pair of them had looked like puppets on a string, clothed in ignorance to the fate that awaited the two of them. A frown tugs at her lips at this; nobody would feel inclined to take their situation seriously if they hadn't watched the live show - they never did. Everybody - the Capitol, the rebels - seemed all too willing to disregard the fact that she had been through the same situation as everybody else here, just because of where she originated from. That didn't mean anything. She could feel emotions as much as everyone else, no matter what her upbringing was. She could still laugh and smile and become inspired by the world around her. Just because she was from the luxury district, it didn't mean that Cashmere felt any less serene whenever she got the chance to wonder through a beautiful garden. Cashmere could still feel humiliation whenever she was dehumanised on television. And she most definitely still felt fear at what her fate could be tomorrow. I could die tomorrow . It was absolutely impossible not to feel terror at this idea. It didn't matter how much 'preparation' Cashmere had for this specific event, her trainers had been unsuccessful in beating out Cashmere's natural survival instincts. She could be dead, packed up all nice and neat in a coffin shortly, and there was no way to sidestep that. Her beauty and charisma would no longer serve her well in the arena; all of that would be stripped away before the arena devoured her too. Finally looking up from her manicured hands, she looks into the mirror at her dark blonde curls and wide blue eyes that had been painstakingly emphasised with eyeliner and mascara. She remembered all of the hours she had thrown away in order to illuminate and preserve that fragile image of beauty. It would do her no good now. What a shame; all of that time had been wasted just so she could be seen as appealing - an object to be coveted and not as a human with feelings and needs and desires to be respected. Cashmere was used to being seen in this light; she had been sold out to many of the men and women around the Capitol, but it still wasn't something that she could ever bring herself to embrace. She had never doubted this in herself, but it seemed that even her fellow victims were unaware of the masquerade that she wore as easily as the skin-tight dress that her stylist had chosen for her tonight. They thought that she was just as inhumane as the Capitol - the ones who had forced her into this situation in the first place. All because she was from the Capitol's pet district. She never had a choice in this, not if she wanted to break out of the monotonous lifestyle of District One. Neither of them had. They were orphans, the scum of the district that had been forced into training. There wasn't any point in risking the lives of children that came from respectable, decent families when you could use the community children instead. It didn't matter a thing about what the television screens showed or the facade District One pulled up of attractive, healthy volunteers every year. Each one of those volunteers had no purpose outside of the Games, their only duty to Panem resting in the Games. At that point in time, there had been nothing more that Cashmere had wanted than to escape the dreary, miserable life she had been condemned to, and the wealthy, attractive, happy facades of the previous victors had managed to sway her into believing that she could become someone great by winning the Games. How she wished she could just be another face in the crowd now! It would have still been a miserable seven or so years of being overlooked, she would have forever been trailing in her brother's footsteps, but surely she could have endured that before the rebellion changed things. Change. The thought is enough to send a shiver of anticipation through Cashmere, although she can't identify if it's from fear or excitement at the possibility of starting anew. It seemed like such an impossible concept to grasp, that she could undo the mistakes she had made. Maybe I should join . Cashmere knew some of the victors here were involved, they had to be. But for some reason, District One was out of the loop of things; none of the victors accompanying her took her suspicions with anything more than scepticism. After so many false alarms, Cashmere was in no position to blame them, but this rebellion was the first one that Cashmere had heard of and naturally, she had presumed it to be of more value and importance to everyone else. After all, if news had reached her, it must be significant in some way. The faint scent of jam tarts permeates the air and snaps Cashmere out of her thoughts, sweeping away thoughts of uprisings and replacing them with memories of when she and Gloss had been little kids again. She still remembered the fingerprints her tiny hands had made as she smeared the pristine windows of the bakery in order to gawk at the pretty cupcakes and pastries that had been for sale. "Cashmere." The quiet, softly-accented voice of her mentor, Flore, reaches her ears, although she barely reacts, "We shall be convening in the main room shortly. I do hope you're ready." She didn't even have to look up at Flore to realise what she felt towards her. Cashmere didn't need to see the tired, sympathetic look in her blue eyes or the fact that Flore was restlessly shifting her weight from one foot to the other to know; the hesitant, gentle tone of Flore's voice told Cashmere everything she needed to know, "Is there any other news?" "I'm afraid not. Everything will proceed according to plan." Flore sighs. "So there's no hope then for both of us then?" Cashmere's voice is shrill, looking straight into Flore's brown eyes pleadingly, "None at all?" Flore's eyebrows raise at the implication, but she just shakes her head; a motion that is too exaggerated to be entirely genuine, "Everything will proceed according to plan." Flore repeats, her voice flat as she gives a narrow-eyed look of suspicion at her tribute, "The Capitol do not and will not make the same mistake twice. It would be advisable to head down to dinner now." Cashmere's hopes fall at how quick Flore had been to detach herself from her tribute once she became aware of what could be construed as treasonous thinking, "I'll be there soon." "Good. It is clear that you'll be needing the advice if you have any hope of surviving." Before Cashmere can defend herself against the thinly-veiled criticism, Flore has departed. It was almost ironic that Flore, the victor that Cashmere had idolised the most, was now just another woman whose life had been warped by the Capitol until she was a puppet, just another reminder of how deluded Cashmere had once been. The thought is enough to make her cheeks flush red for a moment before she regains her composure. Showing weakness would not do when impressing the Capitol, that had been a lesson learned when she was seven years old. They wanted strong, ruthless, level-headed killers. After all, it only made it easier to despise the districts for making their own flesh and blood this way. There's the scraping sound of feet against carpet, but Cashmere resists the impulse to snap her head around, knowing that giving away the fact that she had heard them meant she lost the element of surprise. You're not in the Games yet . She has to remind herself. There really was no need to be so antsy about all of this. You managed it once, you can do it again , Cashmere repeats those words in her head, deluding herself for a few moments with the child-like mentality that if she thought about it enough times, it would come true. The imposing shadow cast across the wall alerts Cashmere as to the fact that the person strolling past is waiting for her and her head whips around from where she had been blankly staring at her own reflection, "Your dinner's ready." "That's nice." There's a smirk curving up her brother's mouth as he steps inside without asking for an invitation, "Not admiring yourself in the mirror again, are you Cashmere?" "Why not? I might as well look good for tomorrow." She replies calmly. "With everything else taken into consideration, I wouldn't make that your top priority." Gloss continues in a more serious tone, "It wouldn't do us any good to become distracted by anything so trivial. Remember what they said." Cashmere nods, picking up on the implied message that Gloss was sending: don't disappoint our district . It wasn't anything you could forget in a hurry, not after you had that mantra drilled into you. However, after everything she had witnessed over the last couple of days, she was in no mood to care about district loyalty. At a time like this, her district seemed more like a liability than something to be proud of, "Oh, I remember all right." The bitterness in her voice is enough to make Gloss give her a strange look, "Are you okay? You seem tired." "Tired?" Some of Cashmere's earlier fire returns as she looks straight into her brother's eyes, "I can't afford to be tired, can I? Not when we're so close to a new era." "...I'm not sure I follow." He shuffles his feet awkwardly, frowning slightly. "You know what I mean." Cashmere has to swallow, as if she could force out the next words coherently that way, "A rebellion, the end of the Games, of oppression." Gloss rolls his eyes, "I wouldn't pay heed to that. You hear talk of a rebellion this and a rebellion that all the time." "It's not a rebellion, it's a revolution!" She blurts out, "The revolution...there's talk about uprisings." The words flow out in a disjointed mess, her mouth stumbling over them in her haste to be rid of the treasonous hearsay, "You must have heard it - them - by now - " "Cashmere..." His voice is assertive, eyes darting about as he makes cutting motions with his hands, but Cashmere doesn't even seem to notice in her haste to get out the words before she can really think about them. " - there's hope, Gloss. Hope for us! We don't have to die in there! Don't you see? We can both live!" Her vision of a world where her and Gloss could live normal lives, without having to sell their bodies or send off two children each year to their death, have infused Cashmere with enough enthusiasm to make her bob up and down, a tentative smile on her face. Gloss presses a hand on her shoulder, as if he could stop Cashmere's movements, "Cashmere, it's a lovely idea, but it's not going to happen. They failed once, they'll fail again." "But Gloss, you can't want to go back - " "I'm not particularly taken with the idea of going in again." He admits before his voice turns flat, "But even if I were to support this doomed cause, what would be the point? We could be dead tomorrow, Cashmere. Will the rebellion be effective enough to prevent that by then? Will it?" Her eyes narrow, unimpressed with his defeatist attitude, "If that's what you're thinking, then there's no harm in supporting the revolution before we die, is there?