AN/ hello ladies and gentlemen, welcome to The Fellowship and the Elf nextdoor: the adventure continues This is the sequel to the Fellowship and the elf Next door. I figured you all enjoyed that enough to merit another story. If you haven't read TF&TEND before, it might be handy to, but it's not crucial. If any of you can come up with a better name for this fic I would love to hear it. Otherwise this will just be TF&TEND: the adventures continue. Disclaimer: Lamoo, having failed to gain any ownership over things in her last fic, is desperate to own something again. But unfortunately, all she owns are the tickets to the ballet, herself, the underwear ice cube and Pippin's hot water bottle. Just a little not to people before I begin. There will be some other people in this fic. Reviewers mainly. As of now, please don't ask me if you can be in it, because I'm not even going to bother replying. If I have not already asked you, or have promised you a cameo in this fic, you not will get one, no matter how much you beg or how good a mood I am in. if I already said you could appear in this fic, probably because you asked to be in the last one but didn't get a chance, you will be included, don't worry. If anyone else even bothers asking me, I will either not reply, or explode in your face. If you had a cameo in the 1st fic, I am sorry, but I'm not going to let you appear in this sequel. There were far too many people in the first fic and I am not going to make the same mistake again. If I have asked you if you would like a cameo in this sequel, probably because you didn't get one in TF&TEND the first time when I said you could, then you will get your cameo. No one else is getting a cameo. This is the first and final warning. Oki doki then, now presenting the very first chapter of The Fellowship and the Elf Next Door: the adventures continue. Enjoy! ^-^ ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ Chapter 1 ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ Aragorn yawned and stretched his arms. The ranger opened his eyes to gaze up at the cracked ceiling. He glanced over at the clock on his bedside table and groaned. "5:30," mumbled Aragorn into his pillow. He rolled over, intending on going back to sleep but his door suddenly burst open. A blonde elf came flying into the room and roughly leaped on top of the lump in the bed that was Aragorn. "Wake up Aragorn," said Legolas Greenleaf as he vigorously shook his human friend's shoulders. Aragorn scowled and whacked the elf across the head with the pillow. "Piss off Legolas," Aragorn said crossly. "Its 5:30, let me sleep." Legolas shook his head and blonde locks flailed everywhere. "Nuh uh," he replied. "You have to get up, we're going out for breakfast." Aragorn shoved the elf off the bed and sat up. "Out? For breakfast?" Aragorn mused. "How come? Why are you in such a good mood?" Legolas grinned stupidly and shrugged. "Firstly we're going for breakfast cos I don't want to eat Sam's cooking or left over party food, and I'm in a good mood cos all that sugar and booze last night is only just beginning to take effect." The elf bounced up and down like a happy two year old. "And I'm gonna have pancakes, and toast and muesli, and eggs and carrots and mint humbugs and napkins and beans on toast and porridge and French toast and lettuce and chocolate milk and elderberries and more toast." Legolas took a huge breath and continued. "And some cheese on toast and blue berry muffins and crepes and more pancakes and ice cream and vegemite and banana and cream and Pavlova and chips and coco pops and orange juice and some sour worms. Ooh, and some pancakes." "You said pancakes three times," Aragorn helpfully pointed out. Legolas nodded happily. "I know," he replied. "I'm just gonna have three times as many pancakes." "Good, whatever," remarked Aragorn in a bored tone of voice. "Now get out while I go and get dressed." "Okay," said the elf skipping out of the room. "Oh yes, Legolas?" "Yeeeees?" "Have you by any chance seen my underwear? I can't seem to find any." Said Aragorn. Legolas shook his head and shrugged. "Sorry, I haven't. Now that you mention it I noticed all of mine is gone too. Hmm, blame the washing machine I say," said the elf. "Washing machine, whatever." Muttered Aragorn. "One more thing," added Aragorn. Legolas stopped in his tracks and spun around. Aragorn continued. "Why are we going out for breakfast at five thirty in the morning?" Legolas giggled. "Cos it takes me at least two hours to get ready, and then we have to make sure the hobbits are dressed and sober." "Ah, I see." Replied the ranger. "Ok, now go away." Legolas nodded and skipped off in the other direction. ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* The elf pranced his way towards the bathroom and slammed the door closed behind him. Legolas turned on the shower and waited for the water to get hot before he threw off his pjs and stepped in underneath the hot water. Humming to himself, the elf picked up the shampoo bottle and squeezed a generous amount onto his hand. Legolas lathered the shampoo in his hair until his head was covered in pretty smelling foam and rinsed it. Legolas yelped and tried to wash some of the soap out of his eyes, swearing at the same time. Once clear of shampoo the elf squirted the conditioner onto his hair. He let the hot water rush over his face and body and reached for the yummy smelling peach shower gel. With a squirt onto a pretty pink sponge, the elf tried to scrub his back and grumbled when he discovered he couldn't reach. Rinsing the last of the conditioner out of his hair, the elf decided to shave his legs. "Heh, who cares if I use all the hot water," he muttered to himself as he reached for the pink razor on the edge of the shower. "Lovely," the elf said to himself as he finished shaving his legs and ran a hand over the smooth sleek surface. "Let's see if Elrond can get his legs looking so good." Legolas gloated and grinned. Just then the water began to run cold and Legolas realised he'd used all the hot water. He rinsed the last of the soap off and turned off the taps. The shower curtain was pulled back and the elf stepped out of the shower leaving wet footprints on the bathmat. Grabbing two towels, Legolas wrapped his soggy hair up in one and used the other to dry himself. Once dry the elf slipped on a fluffy white bathrobe and opened the bathroom door. Steam rushed into the hall and Legolas sauntered down the hall to his bedroom, passing the kitchen on the way to get a bite to eat before he stuffed his face later on. The kitchen was not empty, but rather four hobbits were sitting there in their pyjamas discussing bath toys. "I'm telling you," began Merry. "The rubber duck is the only way to go." Frodo and Sam shook their curly heads. "Nup, no way." Replied Sam. "Barbie dolls." "In the bath?" Pippin wanted to know. Sam nodded. "Of course. You can give them a facial and shampoo their hair. Beautiful, silky blond locks," Legolas snorted. It was a well-known fact that all Sam's Barbies had orange or green hair. The hobbits caught sight of the elf in his fluffy bathrobe with the towel around his head and smiled. "Good morning mister Legolas," said Sam cheerfully. "We are looking forward to breakfast very much." "I thought some one was going to have to threaten you to make you come along," mused the elf. Merry shook his head. "We did. And made him promise to make it looked like he wanted to come along of his own free will." "I see," replied the elf. "Tell me, what exactly did you threaten him with? I should like to see if it works on Aragorn." Pippin grinned evilly. "You see Legolas," he began innocently. "We told him that if he protests, we'll get Gandalf to cook pasta tonight." Pippin grinned again and Sam shuddered. Legolas raised an eyebrow. "How can Gandalf cook pasta tonight when Haldir ate all the raw stuff at the party last night?" he asked and before the hobbits had a chance to reply, the elf spoke again. "Anyway, it doesn't matter. Just go and get ready." "Ok Lego," said Frodo brightly, bouncing off the kitchen stool and beginning to saunter off. He strolled a little faster when he saw the nickname register with Legolas. The elf groaned and wandered off to get ready. He pranced into his own bedroom and threw open the wardrobe doors. "I feel like dressing up today," he said to himself as he investigated to contents of the cupboard. The elf pulled out a pair of nice black trousers and a pale blue shirt. He rummaged around to find his one and only tie. It was green, hmm, how imaginative, and had little goldfish on it. Legolas rummaged around for some knickers and put his hands on his hips crossly when there were none to be seen. "Hmm, I guess I'll just have to find my secret stash," Legolas pushed aside the clothes that were handing up and at the back of the wardrobe was a cut out part of the wall. There was a little compartment in the wall that held a couple of pairs of underwear, come chocolate, essential oils, a bath bomb or two and some dental floss. It was a well- known fact that Gandalf didn't like dental floss so none was ever kept in the bathroom for those who might want to rid themselves of that pesky bit of chicken that had been stuck between their teeth for the past six hours. The elf pulled out some pink frilly knickers and put them on before pulling on his nice smart trousers and the shirt. Legolas did up the buttons neatly and wrestled with the tie for a few minutes before he managed to do it up properly. "You're not going to wear that are you?" asked a voice from behind Legolas as the elf finished with the tie and unwrapped the towel from his head. "Go away Haldir." Replied Legolas shaking his wet head like a soaked dog. Haldir smirked and stepped into the room. "I hate the tie mate," he told Legolas. Legolas sneered and tugged off the tie. "I don't recall asking for your opinion." He remarked casually, tossing the offending tie into the back of the closet. "If you think you know better you can come with me to buy a suit later this week." "What the hell do you need a suit for?" asked Haldir "The fellowship and I are going to the ballet. Opening night so it's supposed to be quite formal." Haldir raised an eyebrow. "How do you expect to get the hobbits to dress formally? For heavens sake, they don't even wear shoes if they can avoid it!" Legolas shrugged and found his hairdryer. "Hmm, I guess." He mumbled. "But hey, we could always lock them in the car." "True," agreed Haldir. "Yes, that's better." He said as he rummaged around and found a nice casual turtleneck shirt in the closet. Legolas put down the hair dryer and pulled the shirt over his head. Legolas rolled his eyes. "Ok, I look fine, now get out of my room please." "As long as you let me come to breakfast with you guys," proposed Haldir, trying to stifle some laughter. He had obviously noticed something his elven buddy hadn't.