Because you guys decided on it, here's the ORIGINAL "A Percabeth Life". Now, while it's amazing to hear your reviews, PLEASE REMEMBER THAT THIS IS MY ROUGH DRAFT VERSION! I won't be continuing this version (Original "A Percabeth Life" aka OAPL) because I'm just uploading these for my original readers. So this is what you need to know: 1) I will not be updating this original version. 2) This might and probably will be a different from what you remember, as it's my rough draft. This is from before I made edits in Document Manager of FanFiction. Spelling errors, problems with the plot line, etc. are to be expected. I CANNOT DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT! SORRY! 3) This story is so not funny even though I labeled it as humor. Rereading this is like "kill me now". 4) I'll add the other chapters as I find time and energy to do so. Be warned: I got cut of at like 47. I just so happened to not delete these chapters from Google Docs. Oh, my luck. *cue scowling* 5) I might be missing chapters from the middle part of the story. The chances are on the slim side, but still exist. Can't do anything about it. 6) Please don't cringe at my old writing and also please forgive me for my terrible humor. Hey, I'm SweetCats. You probably already know me because I'm *cough* famous *cough*. Joking, I'm not. Maybe. Anyways.. If you have ever wanted a story that is about Percabeth's entire after-BoO-life together, this what you are looking for, hopefully. It's going to have tons and tons of chapters, and I will add chapters whenever I get the chance and no review will ever stop me from writing because I am writing this for me, not you. The irony. It burns. Sorry. I'll stop interrupting myself. I'm writing this because if I don't, I will go insane and then my mind will explode with the overload of Percabeth ideas. So shut up and enjoy the story. P.S. I don't swear. P.S.S. Azuphere inspired me to make this story a while back, and I finally wrote it, so.. P.S.S.S. You really should favorite this story. P.S.S.S.S. Don't forget to review. P.S.S.S.S.S. Leo came back (because I miss him :P) and also I hate Paul so he isn't in this story. Oh, and I ship Thalico. P.S.S.S.S.S.S. Warning: Tons of eye rolling. P.S.S.S.S.S.S.S. I love you. Okay, I'll shut up now. P.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S. One last thing- they are both 18. Chapter 1 - "New Years with Percy" Annabeth POV Don't get me wrong. I love New Years. It's just so frustrating when your boyfriend is clueless. Well, Percy is actually kind of smart but he can be so oblivious sometimes. It was 9pm, I was getting ready. Percy was taking me on a extra-special New Years date. I don't know why, though. He said it was going to be special so I just went along with it. Thunder boomed in the sky and I rolled my eyes as I turned off the shower and put on my robe. I bet Hera was mad at Zeus again for reasons unknown to me. I really didn't need Hera's drama. Tonight was going to be perfect. I began to brush my hair to straighten it out enough so I could then later morph it into a presentable style and walked out of the bathroom. I sighed contently at the peace 'n quiet in the Athena cabin. Everyone else was at the beach throwing a big New Years bash. I heard the party ponies were coming. That's a disaster waiting to happen. I looked at my outfit that was laid out across my bed. It was a white lace dress with a grey light semi-formal jacket. There was white flats, owl earrings, and a sparkling grey bracelet with a matching sparkling purse. I heard a loud BANG! then a loud sound of laughter coming from the direction of the beach. I crossed my fingers that nothing broke. I guess there goes the peaceful silence. I put on my dress and jacket and slipped into my flats. I brushed my hair back into a ponytail, I put on my earrings and grabbed my purse. I put away my robe, closed the bathroom door, and made my bed. I looked around the room to make sure everything was neat and clean since when everyone got back, we were all going to fall out-cold on our beds. I heard a knock at the door. I opened the door to see Percy smiling at me and eyes sparkling. He was wearing new jeans, a blue t-shirt with a black jacket and some sneakers. I took his arm and he started to lead the way to the Camp-Halfblood gate. "So, where are we going?" I asked. "Try to guess," he smirked. "Well, it's too early to see the ball drop, but everyone else seems to be partying already," I looked behind me and heard the faint sound of music and saw the bright lights shining from the beach as we approached the gate. "Wait a minute… what about the harpys?!" I ducked and he laughed at me. "I convinced Mr.D to let 'em have a break for tonight," he winked as he lead us through the forest. "Anyways… back to guessing!" he said excitedly. "Did you drink any caffeine?" I questioned him. "Maybe." "Perseus Jackson!" I hissed. "Joking, joking!" he chuckled. I rolled my eyes. We approached the road near the strawberry farm sign and I saw a taxi sitting there. Percy opened the door for me like a gentleman and I stuck my tongue out at him. He rolled his eyes. "As sweet as that is," I said as I slipped into the car. "I do not need help opening a door." "Yea, yea, yea…" he sighed as he got in. "Say that all you want but every girl should be treated like a lady. Except for Gaea, she can go die in a hole." "Gaea is the earth? So you mean she would die in herself? And besides.. she'd already dead, she died in the air ." "Well-" Percy started but the taxi driver interrupted. "Where to? Time Square I'm guessing?" "Actually, no sir," Percy said. Then he whispered something in the driver's ear that I didn't hear. "Sure, I can take you to-" "Don't say it out loud!" Percy said quickly. "It's a surprise," he winked at me. "Okay, okay. Buckle up," the driver said and we both did. As the car started down the road, Percy smiled at me with his signature goofy grin. "Are you sure you didn't have any caffeine?" I asked. "Not a drop." "Then why are you so… perky?" "Because I'm next to you." "That's so sweet," I cooed and he turned deep red. "Okay, okay… shut up." "Don't tell your girlfriend to shut up," I glared. "Shut up please?" he asked hopefully. I just kept glaring. "Okay then… are we there yet?" he asked the driver. "Not yet, Perseus Jackson." Percy seemed calm at first, but then his eyes widened. He looked at me and I rolled my eyes. "Just kill it already, kelp head." He nodded his head and got out his ballpoint pen. He got close the to driver's seat and slashed the monster from behind. We watched as it crumbled to dust and the car stopped. "Well, now what?" he asked me. "Well, drive!" "But what if a cop sees two teens driving a taxi?" he asked as he stared at the monster dust in the front seat. I rolled my eyes. "Who cares?" I asked. "Um, the cop?" "Come on," I said as I hopped into the passenger's seat." He had a concerned look on his face. "Look, the mist will cover us up, no cops to stop us. If not, Hazel taught me a few tricks, okay?" "Alright," he said and hopped into the drivers' seat. He still look worried. "Okay, that's it…" I got out of the car and slammed the door and went over to his side. I crossed my arms gave him an annoyed look. He got out of the car and looked at me for orders. "Get Blackjack." "Yes, sir!" he saluted. "I prefer not to be called that." "How about sweet cheeks?" he smiled evilly. "NO! STICK WITH SIR!" I cried out. "Okay, sweet cheeks." "I will kill you, Perseus Jackson," I glared. "Now you just sound like a monster," he said with an eye roll. "I will be one if you ever call me that again." He whistled and after a minute, we saw Blackjack flying down and did an amazing landing. "Show-off," Percy grumbled. "How you doin', bud? That arrow wound heal up yet?" Percy asked as he ruffled the horse's mane. The pegasus neighed at him. Percy smirked at me, and it took me a second to realize what he was doing. "Oh, no! No, no, no!" I yelled and ran away from him. But do to my ankle that still hurt every once in a while, and the fact I was in flats and he was in sneakers, he was able to catch me. He scooped me up easily, and carried me bridal-style to the horse. I tried to get my way out of it, but Percy was too strong. He lifted me on to the horse, and I was giving him the stink-eye the whole time. "I hate you sometimes, you know that?" He gave me puppy-dog eyes and put a hand over his heart. "You hurt me, Annabeth," he said and jumped onto Blackjack. "Yea, yea," I stuck my tongue out at him and he did the same to me. Blackjack neighed and Percy blushed. "Yea well, don't even get me started on your girlfriend," he scolded to the horse. "Which, by the way, her cussing could make a sailor cry!" The horse didn't respond and took flight. "What did he say?" I laughed. Percy blushed. "Nothing.." he said to me and looked away. "And what about what you said to him? Blackjack has a girlfriend?" I asked. The pegasus neighed loudly. "Yes." "Who?" "Promise not to laugh at him?" Percy asked me. "I promise not to laugh at your horse." "Arion." "I thought Arion was a male?" "Yea, so did I… but apparently not." "You never checked?" " Sure … like I am going to go check out a horse's butt!" He rolled his eyes. I blushed deeply. "So Blackjack has a girlfriend?" "Yep!" "Aww, how sweet!" I cooed. "Blackjack is such a nice horsey, he totally deserves Arion." I patted Blackjack's side. "Now then… what did the Blackjack say to you earlier?" Percy turned as red as a tomato and Blackjack snorted, which I think that meant he was laughing. "Well? Tell me! Spit it out, Seaweed Brain." "You sure, Wise Girl?" "It has no cussing in it, correct?" "Yea." "Then tell me." "Well, he said, and I quote, 'would you two quit flirting and tell me where we are going?'" Percy and I both blushed. "And by the way, Blackjack.." Percy whispered something in the horse's ear which I didn't hear. The horse neighed in reply. I yawned. It wasn't late yet but I felt like closing my eyes. "Annabeth?" "Yes, Percy?" "It's gonna be a little bit before we get there, you can sleep if you want to." "I'm afraid I will drop my purse," I said as I looked down below at the moving ground. "I'll hold it." "You sure?" "No problem." I handed him the purse and laid down on Blackjack's back. "Don't mess with my curls while I sleep," I glared. "No promises," he winked. "I'm just going to close my eyes for a few minutes," I yawned. I sighed and fell asleep. -Wow, the first line break… I hope you are enjoying the story! Special thanks to Azuphere for editing/helping me fix some of this. I am