This is set in the very beginning of new moon when Bella is having all those nightmares and is miserable, it's gonna skip large amounts of time. Starting from when Embry first sees Yuni to when he phases will either be the first couple of chapters or just this one, I'm not sure. I don't have the exact timeline aligned with the book but I'm gonna try to keep it close. Well anyways I hope you enjoy. Embry's Pov By the time I got here talk of the new girl was all over the school and so many rumors were already starting to fly around. No one knew her name but apparently she was covered in tattoos and looked like she might be black and Native American, and she was apparently staying with Sam Uley and his wife Emily. Sam Uley was a very muscular guy and tall to, some people thought he was on steroids, his friend Jared was almost as big as him and people thought he was also on steroids. They were supposedly forming some type of gang or something along those lines anyways. Quil and Jacob were sitting in the back of class as usual and were arm wrestling, and Quil looked like he was seriously beating Jacob. I jumped into the seat next to them and watched in amusement, they never failed to entertain. "Ready to give me that five now Black?" Quil asked through gritted teeth as he put more pressure and nearly had Jacob's hand on the desk. "Never." Jacob spat and forced his hand up a few inches, I couldn't help but laugh at his serious they sounded right now. "You guys hear about the new girl?" I asked and Quil and Jacob both snapped their heads toward me, they arm wrestling forgotten. "She is fucking hot." Quil deadpanned and Jacob nodded his head in agreement, both of them had serious expressions on their faces. "Uh." Was the only thing that left my mouth. "I'm telling you this chick is smoking." Jacob said and I was surprised to hear him actually talking about another girl besides Bella, ever since she moved to Forks he would not shut up about her. "Really?" I wanted to see for myself now. "Yup and I heard she's 17." Quil said and I could see the disappointment on his face, the three of us were 15 and he knew he had no chance with a 17 year old. "Wait isn't Bella 17?" Jacob nodded his head. "So your both crushing on 17 year olds?" Jacob narrowed his eyes and Quil rolled his. "No this is different the whole school practically has a crush on her." He clarified and slumped down in his seat when the teacher walked in, Mr Harris was a jackass that was the only way you could put it. "Everyone take your seats." He snapped and like that everyone was seated, I slumped down in my seat and messed with the hole in the knee of my pant leg. My head was ducked down and I didn't dare look up, last time I did and he was mere inches from my face. I'm not making that mistake again. "Jessica Abernathy." He called and I winced at the sound of her name, she was 16 and probably the biggest bitch in school not even seniors dared to cross her. "Here." Her silky voice called from the front of the class and she flipped her long brown hair over shoulder with a flick of her wrist, she was hot but down right a horrible person. She humiliated me once by spreading a rumor that I was gay last year, people have forgotten about it by now but that doesn't change the fact that I hate her. The reason was petty and stupid, and honestly made me question the minds of all teen girls. "Dustin Ace." Another name and I winced again but this time at how harsh his voice was getting at he called out each name, he always got very hostile without a reason or warning either. His voice got harsher and more sharp as he continued on reading the list, he seemed more irritable today than he usually was. His dark wrinkled face seemed flushed and his graying dark hair looked kind of ruffled like he was recently running his hands through it, the permanent scowl on his face was deeper and more pronounced than it usually was. The names kept going and he got closer to mine, I shrunk down further in my seat and avoided looking directly up at him. It wasn't a secret that I was shy, pretty much everyone knew that and I was never this bad but Mr Harris just brought it out of me more than usual. "Embry Call." My head tilted up slightly when he called my name and I had the urge to run, his voice was harsh and sounded like he could spit fire. "Here." My voice was quiet but loud enough for him to hear, he looked at me like I was a bug before moving on. He never really liked his students but for some reason he seemed to genuinely hate me and I had no idea why. Since the start of the school year he's had it out for me, always finding stupid reasons to give me detention and just anything to get me in trouble. "Alright class today we're going over mathematical equations." He said and I perked up a little, math was my best subject I don't know why but for some reason me and numbers just clicked. "Get out your math books and go to page 82." I did just that maybe a little to eager but I didn't care, it's not like I was a nerd who loved school I just really liked math. I couldn't exactly see the board in front of me because of a huge senior in front me, this class was filled with freshman to seniors. Apparently there wasn't enough money for many teachers so most of the classes had all kinds of different grades in them, it kind of sucked because a lot of the teachers gave the younger students the easy way out of a lot of the time. The door opened and everyone's heads snapped up, guys let out whistles and many girls glared or just avoided eye contact completely. A girl, the new girl I'm guessing was standing in the door way and Mr Harris was sending her one of his most hateful glares I've ever seen but she looked unfazed. She was tall and had to be at least 6 ft or almost 6 ft, she had caramel brown skin that seemed to glow in the classroom lighting, her tight black curly hair had a natural poof and reached just a few inches above her elbows, and her strange mismatched eyes seemed to appraise the entire room in a single glance, her left eye was a deep brown almost black and her right eye was a golden color. The rumor of her being covered in tattoos were true. It seemed like it was all one giant tattoo that stretched in an upside down arc from shoulder to shoulder of intircate designs, it swirled down both arms all the way to her wrists. The tattoo seemed to circle around her waist, if I looked closely I noticed that there flames within waves and many other strange designs. A gold hoop was in her left eyebrow, two silver balls were on her right collar bone, and I could noticeably see that her hips were pierced. The girl was wearing a black tank top that came down just above her hip bones, low rise ripped blue skinny jeans, beaten up old black sneakers, and a black sweater was tied around her waist and hung low. Jacob and Quil were right she was smoking hot. "It's you again." Mr Harris hissed at her and she sent a small smirk in his direction, so she was the reason he was even more of a jackass than other days. "Missed you to." The smirk left her face and now she just looked bored of their brief conversation. "Class this is Yunicia-" "Yuni." She cut him off with a hiss and they glared at each other for a moment. "This is Yuni Uley." He spoke through gritted teeth. "Thank you." She said sarcastically and it was very clear that they hated each other, but what happened? "You may take a seat." The way he said spoke it almost sounded like a threat, her eyes flashed momentarily and she looked like she was debating something before sharply turning away from him and walking down the aisle. Jessica stuck her foot out and I immediately felt bad for the new girl, she was gonna be Jessica's new object for her torture. With out looking down Yuni kicked Jessica sharply in the ankle before stepping over it and continuing walking down the row of seats. "Ow." Jessica exclaimed and glared at Yuni's back but said nothing else, I could see a smirk on Yuni's full lips as she sat down in the corner, next to me. She drummed her fingers against her desk and dropped her backpack to the ground beside her. "Told you she was hot." Quil whispered in my ear so low I could barely hear his words, Yuni did though and she turned her head towards us with an eyebrow raised and a smirk on her face. Quil sat back down in his seat looking straight ahead and his cheeks were a bright red, my face felt hot to and I turned to the front of the class. From the corner of my eye I saw look to the front again but I heard her lightly chuckling and I wanted to go hide under a rock, thank you Quil. Jacob was having a hard time not laughing at us, his shoulders were shaking with silent laughter and I glared at him but it only added to his amusement. "Yuni take the math book from under your seat and turn to page 82." Mr Harris said and she did what he said but looked like she wanted to say something back, or throw something at him. I don't think she likes being told what to do. "Go fuck yourself." I heard her mumble under her breath and a small laugh escaped my mouth before I pressed my lips into a thin straight line. "Call would you like to explain to the class what is so funny?" I froze completely in my seat and gripped my pencil hard, almost breaking it. "I u-uh I-I." I stuttered and felt my cheeks grow hotter under all the stares of the students. "He was laughing at something I said." Yuni said beside me and the look in her eyes told me that she wanted him to ask what she had said. "Well Ms Uley please share with the class." He said and Yuni leaned back in her seat still drumming her fingers against her desk. "I don't think you'll understand the joke." She said in a breezy tone of voice and I was kind of scared of what she had to say. "And why not?" Mr Harris sounded insulted. "Because you look like you haven't been laid since the early 80's." Once that left her mouth the entire class started laughing including me, Mr Harris's face was red with anger and embarrassment. "Do you want to leave this class?" His voice thundered through the small room, silencing everyone. "Yeah." Her voice was light and easy like she really didn't care what happened. "Well to bad." His voice held finality in it and smiled brightly at the dark scowl on her face. "Next person who speaks will get a week of detention." And that was enough to make everyone stay quiet for the rest of the period. By the time the bell