Cullen Babies By: Jami N. Miller The cast: Carlisle Cullen Esme Cullen Edward Cullen -age 4 Bella Cullen -age 4 Emmett Cullen -age 7 Rosalie Cullen -age 4 Jasper Cullen -age 4 Alice Cullen -age 1 Summary The Cullen kids are babies, Bella is a Cullen on here. It's my way. Chapter 1 Carlisle's p.o.v I have 6 children that I love so much; they all make me fell so young again. I am 362 year old in human years, but I'm 23 in vampire years. My wife is three years older than me in human years, she is 26 in vampire years, but in human years she is younger than me, she is 114. My eldest son is Emmett he is 7 and he is a nice big brother to the others, when they are sad he would go over to them and give them big bear hugs and find a way to make them laugh and or a least smile. But, he was a big trouble maker; he would break stuff and get in fights with his brothers. My second oldest is Edward he is very shy, he would go in hid somewhere so he can have a quiet place, he doesn't like loud stuff. He loves is baby sisters and brothers. Most of all he likes to hang out with his mommy and me. He was mostly a mommy's boy though. He was a very talented toddler he loves to play on his toy piano. My next one is Bella she is the same age as Edward but a couple month younger. She was very stubborn and shy. She hated to play dress up and she hated make up. She was very clumsy. And she was a mommy's girl, she gets mad at me, she hates it when I clean her bruises or give her a shot. My next two oldest are Rosalie and Jasper. They were twins. They were one month younger than Bella. Rosalie love to play with her make up and play she sits in front of her little make up table and brushes her hair a lot. She had long blond hair for a 4 year old and it was pretty hair. Jasper was shy to, he loves to play with his younger sister and he loves to cuddle up. He would always go in a corner with his blanket and cuddle up with books and a flash light. He was very loving he barley gets in trouble. He was a daddy's boy he loved to play baseball with me and the rest of the family and he was very smart for a 4 year old. He learned how to read a book when he was 1 and he now how to sing, so does Bella and Rosalie. He was also a talented toddler he loves to play his toy interments he has. My last child is Alice and she was the youngest of all she was 1 and she was very playful, sweet, she has asthma, and excited. She loves to play with Jasper and she was a major daddy's girl. She loves to play peek-a-boo with me, her mommy, and Jasper. She was a loving child she would always hug her older siblings when they were sad and she would try to get their attention she didn't know how to walk yet but she was so talkative. And she loved to sing and play interments as well. She was the most talented out of all my kids she made her own song and sang it for me, it was the sweetest song ever and it was about me. That tells you how much of a daddy's she was. Chapter 2 I was playing with my kids while Esme was putting cloths away, then she came in the living room and started to play with them. I was playing peek-a-boo with Alice. She was just giggling up a storm. Jasper soon came over. "Daddy can I's pway wif Ali?" He asked. "Sure, buddy; I'll go see what Edward is doing." I said as I left him. I went to find Edward then I saw him. "Hey, buddy." I said to him I call all my sons buddy. "Hi, daddy." He said. "I got you a new car you can play in." I said. "I wunna pway!" He exclaimed. "Here." I said while putting him in his ne Volvo toy car. "My caw my caw!" He exclaimed as he rode around. "Yeah, your car." I said. "Should he wear a helmet?" Esme asked while handing me a giggling Alice. "No, it won't go far." I said while taking my little Alice out of her arms. "Peekie boo peekie boo!" Alice exclaimed. "She wants to play peek-a-boo." Esme said. "Come on, pumpkin, let's play in the other room." I said as I walked back to the living room. Later that night I was helping Esme with supper and Emmett was riding in his red jeep, and the others were doing something. "SPEED BUMP!" I heard Emmett yell. We stopped cooking when I heard Alice cry. We ran to the living room and she was laying on the ground crying and screaming. I went and picked her up. "Shhhh, pumpkin, what happen." I asked. She cried and pointed at Emmett and his jeep and then back at herself. "He's run ober me's!" She cried. Emmett McCarty Dale Cullen!" Esme yelled as he stopped. "What, mommy?" He asked. "You hit Alice!" She scolded. "I'm sorry, Ali. I didn't see you." He said. "Good boy." Esme said. I calmed Alice down. "I'm sorry, Ali." He said again so she can hear well. "It otay-tay, Emwet." She said as I put her back down and she crawled over to him and hugged him. "I's wove's you's, Emwet." She said. "I love you too." He said. Esme and I went back to cooking. We were cooking grilled cheese sandwiches. That was the kid's favorite food. When we got done cooking their food I gathered the kids up and they all sat at the table and I put Alice in her high chair. After they ate Esme and I put them to sleep when I was putting Alice asleep she didn't want to. "Sweetheart, its bed time." I said. "I's wunna sweep wif you's and mama!" She cried. "Ok, but why?" I asked. "Monters." She said. "Emmett told you that did he?" I asked she nodded. "Ok, come on lets go to mama." I said as I walked to my room. "What's wrong?" Esme asked. "She doesn't want to sleep in her room; Emmett scared her and said there were monsters in her room." I said. "I'm going to have a talk with him in the morning ok, sweetheart." She said. "Otay-tay, mama." Alice said. I handed Alice to Esme and set my alarm, I had to set my alarm because I had to go to work. Chapter 3 Esme's p.o.v I just got done talking to Emmett about tell Alice about monsters. I told him to stop telling her. I went to the living room to find all the kids playing. The only one that was not playing was Alice and she was sitting by the front door. "What's wrong, baby girl?" I asked as I picked her up and sat in a rocking chair. "I's want dada!" She cried. "Oh, daddy will be back later." I told her as I rocked her back in forth. "Is Ali otay, mama?" Jasper asked as he climbed into my lap. "Yes, sweetie, Alice is fine." I said. "Ali, you's wunna pway?" Jasper asked. "Peekie boo!" Alice exclaimed. "Where Ali? Where Alice?" He asked playfully. "PEEKIE BOO!" She exclaimed with joy. "Dere she is!" he exclaimed. Later that day after they got done eating their lunch I put them to sleep when I got to Alice's room (Which was hers and Jaspers) I laid her in her crib and I kiss both her and Jasper and left the room. A couple hours passed and the kids were wide awake I saw Jasper walking down the stairs with Alice in his arms she was crying. "Mama, Ali's crying." He said as he handed her to me. "Oh, baby what's wrong." I asked. "dweem!" She cried. "Oh, baby its ok." I said. The front door opened and Carlisle came in. "I's want dada!" She cried. "I'm right here, pumpkin." He said. "Dada!" She cried as she reached over to him. Carlisle's p.o.v I took my crying baby out of Esme's arms. She imminently stopped crying. "Hey pumpkin." I said. "Don't weave dada!" She cried. "I won't for a while, baby." I said. "Daddy!" Jasper, Rosalie, and Edward exclaimed as they ran over to me and hugged me. "Hey kids." I said. Bella and Edward came in. "Hi daddy." Emmett said. "Hey Emmett hey Bella." Bella just stared at me. "She's still mad at you." Esme said while smiling and picking Bella up. "All I did was give her one little shot and now she hates me." I said while shacking my head. "She'll get over it." Emmett said. "No I won't!" Bella yelled. "Whatever, you're going to go back to being a daddy's girl." Emmett said. "No I won't, that's Mary's job!" Bella yelled. "I's Awice not Mawy!" Alice cried out. "Then why did mommy and dad name you Mary when you were a baby?" Bella asked in an annoyed and stubborn voice. Alice looked up at me. "Because, everyone at the hospital wanted us to call her Mary. But we call her Alice now." I said. "Whatever, I'm still calling her Mary." She said. "Isabella Marie Cullen, don't ever talk to me like that ever again!" I scolded which made Alice cry, I softly cooed her. "Apologies to your dad." Esme said. Bella just gave her the puppy eyes. "Don't push it, Bella. Apologies to him or you will sit in the naughty step." Esme warned Bella coked an attitude. "Sorry." She said in a cocky way. "Bella, say it like you mean it." Esme said. "SORRY!" Bella yelled. "Naughty step, NOW!" Esme scolded while pointing to the stairs. Bella started to cry and sat on the floor by our feet. Esme picked her up and put her on the steps. "Stay here till I tell you and tell your dad your sorry in a polite way and your sister, you know we don't call her Mary. She hates it when she hears the word Mary." She said as she left Bella sitting on the stair crying and screaming. "Bella stop screaming and crying or you'll stay there longer." Esme warned and she imminently got quiet. The only thing I could hear was Alice crying now, she hated it when people yelled. "Shhhh, pumpkin it's ok." I said while rocking her. "No yellie no yellie!" She cried out. "Ok, baby girl we'll stop yelling." I told he. She became quiet and laid her head on my chest and sucked her thumb. "So, what did you and mama and the others do?" I asked. "Jazzy and I's pway peekie boo!" She exclaimed. That was her favorite game. "Cool, did you take your nap." I asked. "Yeah I's take my napie, but I's had a bad dweem." She said. "Aw, what did you dream about?" I asked. "Scawy monters eating peoples." She said. "Oh, monsters are not real, baby their just a myth, their just made up." I said. "Weally?" She asked. "Yes." I said. "YAY!" She exclaimed. I laughed. "Ok, Bella you can get off the naughty spot, but you have to apologies to your dad and Alice. In a polite way." Esme said. I saw Bella slowly walk in front of Me and Alice. "I'm sorry, dad." She said in an ashamed voice. "It's ok, Bella." I said. "I'm sorry for calling you Mary, Alice." She said. "It's otay-tay, Bewa." Alice said while climbing out of my lap and crawling over to Bella