So, yes. This is the promised rewrite of A God's Eye View. While I know I'll never be happy with it, I think I've worked out a better plot line and (hopefully) have developed the characters more fully. Thanks and enjoy! As if it couldn't get any metaphorical than it already was, the beginning of my story starts with a makeover. No, I'm not talking about some sort of personality reconfiguration or a "new me" outlook. I'm talking about a literal makeover. And while a makeover in itself, no matter how cliched, can be "beautiful" and "life changing," this was the exact opposite. This was a do-it-yourself makeover and those never end well. If hair bleach was a house guest, it would be the most inconsiderate. It's stinging smell had made a home in my lungs after wiping its feet on my antique rug–my nose–and leaving its dripping umbrella in the foyer–my hair. In the past several hours, I had gotten to know bleach on a more personal level, as we spent many grueling minutes razing the color in my hair. Bleach, condition, dry. Bleach, condition, dry. No breaks or pit stops. Just bleach, condition, dry. Patience is not one of my virtues. However, spontaneity, in its complete and exact essence, is. After five or so short hours, I became the Extra Light Natural Blonde 02 I had originally set out to be. And with that achievement came the regret and embarrassment, joining the party like more unwanted house guests. In its metaphoric entirety, this experience was the house party to end all house parties: the one that got you grounded for life. I quickly shoved the remaining evidence deep into trash can after I had secured my hair neatly into a beanie. I jogged down the stairs, muttering a series of shit 's as I touched down on each step. The door swung open as I reached the bottom and yelled the last shit with heroic finality. He stared down at me, less surprised than I expected. Less emotion-ed than I expected. Red streaked the whites of his eyes and the bags underneath looked like bruises. Even if I hadn't been able to take the hint, the not-so-subtle frown would've clued the most oblivious of oblivious in. "What's wrong?" I asked. He let his shoulders sink as he sighed, "Broke up with Eos?" It was phrased as if maybe, just maybe that was the reason he was upset. And yes. Eos. The goddess of dawn. Daughter of Titans and mother of winds. And the man before me had broken up with her. Scratch that. He wasn't a man. He was a god. "Apollo, what the hell? I thought you liked her." He closed his eyes and pushed further into the house, weaving his way around me and throwing himself onto the couch in the living room. His long limbs dangled off the sides pathetically. "Why?" I prodded. "I just wasn't feeling it." "You weren't feeling it? What's that supposed to mean?" "It means I don't like her anymore." I crossed my arms over my chest and sat down on the coffee table in front of him. "Well, I get that. But… You broke up with her on the night of the Winter Solstice. That's like breaking up with someone the night of Senior Prom–" "Come on. You should be on my side–" "Why should I be on your side?" "Because you're my friend and you should support my decisions." "You're real funny, Apollo..." I sat down on the coffee table and stared down at him. The aura of intelligence, wit and, most importantly, arrogance that he carried around with him was gone. He looked tired and confused. Deflated. "How'd you do it?" "Do we have to talk about it?" "Yeah, we do." He huffed and threw his arms out further beside him. "I told her that I thought we should break up, because I wasn't into her and I didn't think it'd be a good idea to keep pretending like I was." "Then what?" "Do I have to go into this?" he whined. "Apollo." "Then she asked me how long I had been pretending and I told her." "And how long was it?" He brought his fingers back into gaze and began inspecting them like his life depending on it. "Since a couple days after we got together," he mumbled. "Holy shit, Apollo." "Oh don't "holy shit" me, Quorra. What was I supposed to do? I can't lie," he snapped. He sat up and pressed himself deep into the back of chair. "Besides, if I had tried to lie, it would've been even worse. It was better that I finished it all at once, like ripping a bandaid off." He mimicked the movement of tearing a bandaid off and made a little swheep sound. "But still, you had to choose tonight out of all nights to do it?" "Quorra, I've been to hundreds of these things. It's not a big deal–" "It is a big deal when people are saying this might be the last one." He didn't answer me. Instead, he stared at his hands and let the clock on the wall take over the conversation. Tick, tick, tick. "Apollo, what do they mean by that?" I whispered. "It's complicated, Quorra. Just don't worry about it." "Well, how can I not worry about it when it sounds like the end of the world–" "Just leave it alone–" "I'm not a baby anymore." In that moment, I knew I sounded more like a baby than I ever had during my stay in Olympus. And I knew he was thinking the exact same thing, as he stared at me with an obvious look of pity on his face. His light blue eyes scanned my face over several times before he dropped the look. Instead, his gaze rested two inches above my eye line with an eyebrow raised. "What's under the hat?" I felt my cheeks flush and my heartbeat stutter to a halt. As I reached up to pull the beanie further down, he lunged forward to pull it off. I put up only an ounce of fight: he had me outweighed by tons, in weight and skill. There was no use in trying to stop him. As he tore the hat from my head, the embarrassment returned for a second visit. I felt the blonde curls spring from their trap and fall into my face. "Holy shit, Quorra," he laughed. "Hey, at least I got into my mess with the best of intentions." "Don't play that card," he warned. He gently grasped a curl in between his pointer finger and thumb, pulling it down to test its spring. "Well, it's not horrible," he muttered, watching it bounce back into place. "Just miserable," I sighed, settling my cheeks into my hands. "Once Aphrodite's done screaming about set up for Solstice, maybe she can help you out," he grinned. I tried to swallow the embarrassment down further, where it could no longer wreck havoc on my nervous system, but every time I met his gaze I felt it creeping back up my throat. It's not that I wanted to impress him because I had a crush on him or anything. It's that I wanted to impress him, because he was just the type of person anyone would want to impress. He was perfection at its finest. Handsome, talented, composed, and admired. He found a way to handle himself in the worst of situations. If anything, I was trying to impress him so he'd teach me how be like him. How to be comfortable with yourself. "Will you go with me?" "Go with you to what?" I stammered. "The Solstice." "You do realize that if I go with you, people will think you left her for me." "We'll go with Hebe and Hermes. It'll be a friend thing." I rolled my eyes. He sighed melodramatically, batting his long eyelashes at me. "Please, Quorra," he pouted. "Apollo…" "Please." "Why do I–" "Please." "Okay, fine," I groaned. He sprung up from the couch, his frown disappearing almost instantaneously. He took ahold of my cheeks and pressed his lips to my forehead. With his newfound enthusiasm, he announced, "Thank you, my dear." Then, he bounded out of the living room and through the front door. It slammed shut behind him, rattling the walls and knocking a painting to the ground. I sauntered over and rehung it. It was not uncommon occurrence for him. He had a habit of leading a small whirlwind of destruction behind his sun-shining figure. He was the calm before the storm and I had grown to learn how to pick up after it, just like everyone else here. I labored up the stairs, the regret growing heavier on my shoulder with every step until I was crawling. When I reached the top, it took me several tries to peel myself off the ground and heave myself into my room. The entire time, my mind chanted why...why...why...why… If why was a person, he couldn't keep his hands off me. It wasn't every day that the Lord of the Sun asks you to go to a party with him. It also wasn't every day that he breaks up with his girlfriend. And it also wasn't every day that you decide to bleach your hair into oblivion. If there was a recipe for disaster, I was completely positive that this was the exact formula. "So he told her that he was never really into her?" Hebe repeated, twirling a strand of red hair around her pointer finger. "Yeah, basically," I shrugged. We sat on the same couch Apollo had slung himself onto five hours before. The couch, the living room, the room I stayed in, it was all Hermes'. If Apollo was my Aragorn, Hermes would've been my Gandalf. Hermes, the cute dark haired guy standing in the kitchen, the guy that's always gonna give you a ride home, the guy that's gonna stay up late to help you study for an exam, the guy that's gonna bring you chocolate when Mother Nature is doing her worst. He was the ultimate big brother. "Holy shit," she whispered, sipping her drink. "I know Apollo's had some bad breakups, but that's just cruel." "At least he rebounded quickly," Hermes chimed in. He sat down next to her and draped his arm over her shoulder. Though Hebe was technically married, she and Hermes had had a thing going since way before I had ever known them. After all, her husband was in Greece almost permanently and apparently showed no real affection towards her whatsoever. If I was to condone cheating under any circumstance, I would've chosen this one. "I'm not rebound," I blushed. He laughed, "Yeah, you aren't exactly his type." "And what's his type?" Hebe smirked. "Busty girls who have only one redeeming quality." "I think Eos has more than one redeeming quality." Hermes grinned, "Yeah, that's why it didn't work out." "You guys are real funny," Apollo grimaced. He slammed the door behind him loudly. "And for the record, my type is busty girls who have only one redeeming quality and laugh at my jokes." Hebe giggled and propped herself up on her tall, toned legs. "Too bad I have more than one redeeming quality. Otherwise, I'd be your girl," she purred. She pulled Hermes along behind her while Apollo's eyes followed her out of the door. After he was met by Hermes' glare, he turned to me and offered his hand. "Let's go." I'm no party girl, but Olympians are party people. And by party people, I mean they throw the biggest, loudest, most expensive parties on the face of the planet. So big, in fact, that I imagine they would set world records with each one if Olympus was apart of the Earth. Every patio and courtyard in Olympus was decked with gold and silver: chairs, tables, buffets, bars, decorations, etc. In between