Note: This is the third in my Maia Black/Potter series! The rest are available on my profile, but basically this is an AU. Lily Evans never existed and Sirius has a twin sister, who James falls in love with. Live Marauders, live Regulus, Peter is in Azkaban and Harry has a younger sister, the Marauders were at school with Frank and Alice Longbottom and Maia is Neville's godmother. Chapter One On a sunny Thursday afternoon in July, Maia Potter arrived home by floo from St Mungo's hospital - as she did every day when she finished work – and found herself standing in the empty kitchen of Potter Manor. She stepped out of the fireplace, lifting a hand to her hair and brushing a stray curl that had fallen down out of her eyes, then pulling her wand from her pocket and using it to dust the soot from her robes. She glanced at the clock – it was just after 5pm and she wondered if her husband of 13 and a half years had beaten her home. They were both due to finish work at 5pm, but her working in a hospital and him being the head of his department meant working overtime and coming home late were extremely common. Loud laughter caught her attention and she looked out of the kitchen window to see her two children playing in the garden playing on their broomsticks. Harry, her 11 year old son – one day away from his 12th birthday - was soaring towards Lyra, his 10 year old sister, the snitch dancing between them. Harry was already the star of his house quidditch team so his little sister was no match for him, but she was holding her own, and Harry was going easy on her, missing the snitch and letting it fly around them. On the ground beneath them, Remus Lupin, the children's live-in honorary uncle and Lyra's godfather was sitting on the wooden bench swing with a newspaper spread across his lap. Maia's twin brother Sirius was nowhere to be seen, and neither was James, so Maia could only assume that they were both still at work, because if they were in the house, she couldn't imagine them missing out on the opportunity to play quidditch. The oven was switched on and something inside was cooking. She checked on it and smiled- Remus must have made a start on dinner. The four adults tried to share out the housework and the cooking and take it in turns but Remus always seemed to end up doing extra, being the only one who didn't have a full time job. Still, he was supported by the Potters, and by Sirius, and he'd home-schooled Harry and Lyra when they were little, and watched them all the time when the others were at work, so as far as Maia was concerned, he'd was certainly deserving of every knut, and then some. Satisfied that the food cooking was fine to be left for a bit longer, she stuffed her wand in her robes and went out to the garden. It was a beautiful sunny day and she couldn't wait until the weekend, when she could actually enjoy it properly. "Hi!" she called brightly, waving at her children as she headed towards Remus on the swing bench, which was swinging of its own accord, a faint purple light flickering around the hinges to indicate that it was enchanted. "Hi Mum!" Lyra shouted from a distance, lifting one hand from the broom handle to wave at her. Harry on the other hand, grinned upon seeing her and immediately swerved towards the ground to come and speak to her properly. He landed neatly a few feet away from her, and Maia was standing near the bench by now, close enough for Remus to put aside his newspaper and say hello to her. "Hi sweetheart," Maia grinned as her son got closer. Lyra was a daddy's girl through and through, but to Maia's eternal gratitude, Harry didn't seem to have a preference, and he always let her fuss over him and be affectionate. Right now she opened her arms and hugged him happily. "How was your day?" she asked him. Harry returned her hug and when they broke apart, he nodded, "Yeah good." "Did Neville like his presents?" Remus answered that one, "He was very happy. Even Augusta was in a good mood." Maia raised her eyebrows at this bit of news about her godson's grandmother and guardian, who was usually quite a stern woman, "Oh really?" "She gave us lots of cake," Harry said. Maia grinned at the news, "Good. Did you tell him what time we'll fetch him tomorrow?" Harry nodded, parroting the plan to her, "Uncle Remus, Lyra and I will pick him up at 12." "Spot on," Maia agreed at the same time Lyra, still hovering in the air, shouted down at them at the top of her voice. "Harry come on! Come and play!" Harry rolled his eyes but went off without another word and Maia smiled, sitting down beside Remus on the bench. Today was the birthday of her godson, Neville Longbottom, who lived with his grandmother but spent two nights a week with the Potters, sometimes even more. Neville's grandmother usually put on a small birthday tea for him, with his great-aunt and -uncle in attendance, and wouldn't let him spend the day with the Potters. It didn't matter thought because the very next day was Harry's birthday, and Neville always spent it with them, and the two boys birthdays could be celebrated together. Maia had visited Neville's parents in the permanent residence wing of St Mungo's hospital that morning, as she often did during her lunch breaks, and she'd seen Neville then and wished him a happy birthday, but she'd only spoken to him for about thirty seconds before she was paged away from her lunch and back to her ward for an urgent case. "How was work?" Remus asked. Maia sighed, "Busy. It's been a long day. I'll be happy when we can just celebrate Harry's birthday in peace. Anything exciting in the newspaper?" "Not really," Remus replied, "I was just scanning the job section." Maia was a little surprised but she couldn't blame him, it had been a while since he'd done anything much, not needing to with home schooling Harry and Lyra, and baby sitting them, but if he wanted to go back to work, she supposed she'd be able to find somewhere else to put Lyra when the others were all working. Maybe she could go into day-care at the hospital, although she'd be older than all the others. Maybe Augusta could look after her, but Lyra would hate it. Maybe she'd have to go part-time. They couldn't be selfish – if Remus wanted to go work, fine. Before she had chance to voice any of it, Remus smiled at her, "Not for now, of course, but there's only a year before Lyra goes to Hogwarts and then maybe ..." "Sure – I …. of course . You know if you ever want to get a job, you don't have to wait til Ly goes to school, we can find something else to do with her - " Remus cut her off with a light chuckle, "I know. I like staying home with her, and Harry when he's around too, you know that. Just thought I'd see how busy the job boards are – give myself a bit of hope for when I do get round to it." "Well anyone'd be lucky to have you," she told him sincerely. There was only a second of silence before a loud crack resounding behind them, making Maia flinch violently. She heaved a sigh, knowing what would have happened before she even turned around. "Sirius, you idiot, don't do that!" she hissed, looking over her shoulder and glaring at her twin. Sirius grinned, shrugging out of his cloak, letting it land carelessly on the floor and then flopping to the ground, sticking his legs out in front of him, leaning back on his elbows and reclining on the grass with ease. There was a wooden picnic bench not far from them, that was often made larger or smaller to accommodate for their guests, but Sirius seemed to have decided against using it - Maia was slightly glad because it would have meant them all moving there and she loved the swing. "Ah, lighten up sis," he shrugged, considering his cloak for a minute and then flicking his wand at it to send it inside where it belonged. Maia rolled her eyes at him and as he said something to Remus, she didn't really catch it because with the arrival of Sirius, she was expecting James. She looked towards the doors to the house just in time to see them open and James come strolling through, knowing better than to apparate, because that would certainly make his wife mad. "Hi Dad!" Lyra shouted from the air, though she was too concentrated on chasing Harry to come down. "Hey kids!" James shouted back with a wave, crossing the grass and approaching the adults. He spared a smile for Remus, barely registered Sirius – which was fair enough since he'd been at work with him all day – and mainly had eyes for his wife. He leaned down to take her face in his hands and planted a kiss on her lips. She was somewhat taken by surprise, given his lack of greeting prior to this and the fact that they were surrounded by Sirius and Remus. It was quite a lingering kiss, hands on her face, lips moving as perfectly against hers as they always did. When he broke apart, she pouted slightly and he grinned, "Afternoon love," he said, flopping down onto the grass beside Sirius. Maia took a moment to compose herself before replying, "Well, hello handsome. How was your day?" Sirius, as ever, rolled his eyes at the flirting between the two, though everyone knew that he didn't mind too much – he didn't really have a choice after all this time. James shrugged, "Not bad. Nothing exciting to report, I'm afraid. Did Neville like his presents?" he asked Remus. Remus, who was Neville's godfather, nodded, "He was very grateful. I told him the kids and I will pick him up at lunch tomorrow." James nodded, now addressing everyone, "And are we all sorted for tomorrow?" "Think so," Maia replied, glancing up at her son, who was racing through the air, across the vast grounds of Potter Manor, with Lyra quite a way behind him, "you're sure you can get away in good time tomorrow?" James smiled, "Love, unless there's a huge disaster that affects the entire world, then Sirius and I'll be away early so we can celebrate our boy's birthday properly." Maia grinned, "Great. I don't think I'll be away any earlier than 5, but I'll try not to be any later, and I'll nip into the village and pick up his cake on the way home." There was a beautiful little bakery in the nearby village, and although the four of them had tried to make a cake for themselves in the past, when the children's birthdays fell in the week, sometimes there was just no time to make one. Besides, the village bakery was wonderful. "We should wrap the last of his presents before bed tonight," James added. Maia agreed, trying to make sure they'd thought of very detail for their boy's day. "What time are we expecting people?" Sirius asked. Maia rolled her eyes, "We talked about this this morning. Regulus will be here at 5, Andromeda and Ted too, and you, James and Tonks will leave work together between 4 and 5 o clock, unless there is a wizarding world crisis. You did tell Tonks?" "Course we did," James told her, rolling his eyes at Sirius, "everything's fine." Maia was