Hello there! This was my first ever submission for Prompts in Panem on Tubmlr. I was so excited about posting this. I hope you guys enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. This story is based on one of my favorite books, A Rose for Melinda by Lurlene McDaniel. I do intend to finish this story in the future once I finish my current WIP, Don't Say a Word which I promise to update soon. DISCLAIMER: Note that some quotes in this story have been taken from The Hunger Games and A Rose for Melinda . I do not own Katniss, Peeta, or any other recognizable characters from The Hunger Games nor do I own A Rose for Melinda . A Prim"rose" for Katniss -1997- August Welcome to Ms. Portia's 1 st Grade Class Room 12 Panem Elementary Rules to Follow: 1. Raise your hand to ask a question 2. Take Turns 3. No hitting, No pushing, No teasing 4. Always be prepared 5. Always be kind to one another "But daddy I don't wanna go," sniffed a six year old Peeta Mellark, "I wanna stay home with you and mommy!" "But bud," replied the boy's father as he gently tugged his son towards the entrance of the elementary school, "you're going to have so much fun with kids your own age. Soon, you'll be begging me to bring you back." Peeta doubted that very much. He didn't understand why his mommy and daddy were insisting that he go to school. He would rather stay home and play his games that his parents bought for him. Besides, he hated waking up early. He was thinking of ways to escape the clutches of his father's hands when he suddenly saw the most beautiful creature he had ever seen in his entire life. She looked to be about his age but was smaller than him. She wore her hair in two braids that were held together by red bows that matched her dress. She too looked like she was holding on nervously to her father's hand as he led her into the building. He did not notice that he had stopped walking when he saw her until he felt his dad tug on his arm a bit more forcefully. "C'mon Peeta," said his father, "you need to be a big boy now. You'll have lots of fun, you'll see." For the first time that morning, Peeta believed his father. As if sensing that someone was staring at her, the young girl turned her head and met Peeta's eyes. He held his breath, knowing that he had been caught staring. The young girl did nothing more than offer him a small but dazzling smile before she stepped inside the building. Yes, Peeta thinks he's going to like school very much. September 14 Dear Katniss Everdeen, Thank you for sharing your crayons with me. You are very pretty. Your friend, Peeta Mellark September 14 Dear Peeta Mellark, Thank you. I liked the cookies you shared with me too. Did your mom make them? Your friend, Katniss Everdeen September 15 Dear Katniss, My dad made the cookies but I helped! He said I can help make you more if you like. He owns a bakery so I can make as much as I want. Your friend, Peeta September 16 Dear Peeta, That is very nice of you. Do you like school? I like reading and recess is the best! Your friend, Katniss September 17 Dear Katniss, I don't like school, but I like it when we color together. Do you like me? I like you. Your friend, Peeta September 17 Dear Peeta, I like you too. Your friend, Katniss October 3 Dear Katniss, The best part of school is seeing you. Your good friend, Peeta P.S. I like baseball. I want to play for the Mockingjay's one day. They are my favorite team. October 3 Dear Peeta, I like ballet. I want to be a famous ballerina one day. But my dad likes to teach me how to use a bow and arrow too. Don't tell my mom. Your friend, Katniss October 21 Dear Mr. and Mrs. Mellark, I am sorry to inform you that Peeta must be placed on an "in-class" suspension from recess for the next week for fighting on the playground. Although he has assured me that he only hit Cato Davison because he pushed Katniss Everdeen off the swing, as his teacher, I cannot allow physical altercations between students to occur. This school system has a zero-tolerance policy regarding physical violence and therefore he must be punished for his actions. Please understand that I believe Peeta is a good child and has never disrupted the class until this unfortunate incident. If you have any questions please feel free to call me, I have attached my contact information. Be assured that Cato is receiving the same punishment for pushing Katniss. Sincerely, Portia Barbery He never meant to get in a fight with stupid Cato. But he was being a big bully when he demanded that Katniss get off the swing so he can use it. Katniss, being the fearless girl that she was, simply told him to go away. Cato had obviously never heard the word 'no' in his life and proceeded to push her off the swing. Seeing Katniss fall and scrape her knee made him mad, more mad than when his mom took away his video games because he hadn't cleaned his room. So instead of running off and telling on Cato, he simply walked up to the bigger boy and punched him right in the nose like he had seen on TV. He didn't know that he would break it. He didn't even know that noses could be broken. "Peeta we are very disappointed in you," his mother had said later that day, "you know better than to fight." "I'm sorry mommy," said Peeta, "but he pushed Katniss first. I was just trying to rescue her from the mean bully like in the stories you read to me." His mother and father shared a look with each other. There was no doubt in their mind that Peeta had formed a special attachment to Katniss and felt the need to protect her. They just didn't think it would lead to this much trouble. His father wrapped an arm around his only son and explained to him that although he was doing a great service to Katniss, fighting is never allowed. He also explained that while he would have to stay in doors for recess at school, he would also have to stay in his room with no TV or video games for a WHOLE week. When he got home from school the next day, he found a note that was tucked into his backpack. He hadn't seen anyone put it in, and he didn't ask because he wasn't even allowed to speak to anyone else in his class. However once he saw the recognizable script, he knew exactly whom it was from. Dear Peeta, Thank you for punching Cato for me. Recess is no fun without you. I miss you. Your friend, Katniss He decided then that he did not mind his punishment at all. It had all been worth it in the end. An Invitation To: Peeta Mellark From: Katniss Everdeen Date: December 20, Saturday Time: 7:30 P.M. Place: Panem's Grand Auditorium Peeta, Katniss would love for you to come and watch her dance in the "Nutcracker" next weekend. She is one of the cherubs in the dance company and will be in the front row. Perhaps your parents can bring you and you can all come back stage and say hello. Sincerely, Lily Everdeen (Katniss' mom) "Look princess!" said a tall dark man that resembled Katniss, "There's somebody here to see you." Peeta walked over to his friend who was dressed in a white tutu with wings attached to her back. Her chocolate hair was down in curls and she wore a gold headband around her head. Peeta had always thought his friend was beautiful. But now he thinks that that word is not enough to describe her. She is an angel. His angel. He was so mesmerized by her beauty that he almost forgot to give her the flower that his mom helped him cut from their own garden. "I liked…I mean, you danced real good," he said, suddenly forgetting how to speak around her, "I stayed awake the whole time!" Katniss giggled as she accepted the flower from her friend. "A flower for me?" she asked excitedly, "Look mommy, look daddy! Peeta brought me a flower!" "It's so pretty!" said Lilly Everdeen as she bent down to view the flower, "That's very thoughtful of you Peeta!" She then turned towards the Mellarks, "Thank you for bringing him tonight," she said. "It was no problem at all," said Ana Mellark, "He saw that on television…you know the part about giving a dancer a bouquet of roses after the final curtain. He insisted he bring flowers for Katniss tonight. Unfortunately we didn't have enough time to stop by the florist and I don't have any roses in my garden. But I do have primroses. Peeta said that it would be just as good as long as it had the word 'rose' was in it." "He chose this specific one because it was the biggest and prettiest one in the batch," said Luke Mellark. "That's why there's only one," said Peeta shyly, "because I couldn't take all of my moms flowers so I took the best one." "That's very thoughtful of you young man," said Jack Everdeen, "What do you say to Peeta honey?" "Thank you a whole bunch! I love it!" exclaimed Katniss as she suddenly wrapped her arms around Peeta and planted a wet kiss on his cheek. The adults laughed as Peeta's eyes widened and his face turned a light shade of pink. He could get used to this. -1998- Be Mine Valentine! Happy Valentines Day! XOXO From: Guess Who! I Choo Choo Choose You! Happy Valentines Day! From: Your best friend of course! I know which card was from you Peeta! Thank you for the chocolate kisses! XOXO -Katniss May 9 Dear Peeta, Thank you so much for my ballerina music box! It's my favorite. Thank you for coming to my birthday party. You really are my best friend in the whole wide world. Your friend, Katniss June 11 Dear Katniss, I will miss you very much this summer. It won't be the same without you. I will write to you, ok? My mom said it was ok with her if it's ok with your mom. Will you miss me too? -Peeta P.S. Can I be your boyfriend? Like a REAL boyfriend, not just a boy who is a friend? June 12 Dear Peeta, Of course I will miss you too! You are my very best friend! I will write to you too. I'm going to dance camp in July. But my mom said that you can come over before that so we can play together! I will miss you bunches! -Katniss P.S. My mom said I am too young to have a real boyfriend. But thank you for asking. If I could have one, I would choose you. His parents were fighting again. He didn't like it when they fought. This wasn't the first time that the Mellark's had completely lost it in front of their son. Sometimes they would end in tears, and sometimes they would end in a piercing silence. But the aftermath was always the same. One minute they would all be enjoying their dinner, and then the next, his mom would bring up how much his dad works. His dad would say that owning a bakery is hard work, and that she doesn't understand. Sometimes they would fight about money, or about the way they would do something as simple as washing the car. Sometimes Peeta would