Hello there! This is my second submission for Prompts in Panem on Tumblr, Day 4. I really hope you guys like it. As I mentioned with my previous PIP Submission, I do have plans to expand this story as well. However that will be once my current WIP is finished. I've had this idea for a while now since I saw an old movie about it on TV. I will mention the movie at the end of chapter so as to not give anything away. DIsCLAIMER: I do not own the Hunger Games or profit from anything mentioned in this story. August 2012 "Hi, I'm here to see Primrose Hawthorne," said Katniss as she stood in front of the receptionist in the doctor's office. The receptionist looked through her computer, "it looks like nurse Hawthorne just finished assisting with a patient. I'll call her for you." "Thank you," said Katniss as she hesitantly took a seat in one of the chairs in the waiting room. Katniss wasn't particularly fond of hospitals, especially since it brought back so many memories of her father lying lifeless on his hospital bed. She shook her head to make the thoughts go away. Now was not the time to think about it. She doesn't need the added stress. She had more important matters to attend to. "Katniss?" she heard a familiar voice say. Katniss looked up and smiled once she saw he sister standing in front of her. "Prim," she said as she stood to hug her sister, "It's so good to see you." Prim returned her smile and squeezed her sister, "I'm so happy you're here! What's up?" Katniss looked around the waiting room at the people currently looking their way. No doubt some of them recognized her as the wife of Peeta Mellark. "Can we go somewhere a little more private?" she asked Prim. "Yea sure, follow me." She followed her sister down the hall and into a type of break room for the employees. It was currently empty, which was perfect for her since she didn't want anyone to overhear them. "What's up sis?" asked Prim as she sat on a small couch. Katniss sat next to her and offered her a small smile. Where should she even try to begin? "H-How's um…how's my nephew doing?" she asked. Coward. "He's great Katniss, keeps asking when he'll get a baby brother though," laughed Prim, "but something tells me he's not the reason why you're here." Katniss sighed. Was she really that transparent? "What's wrong Katniss?" asked Prim, "You can tell me anything. Is everything ok with you and Peeta?" "Yea, everything's fine with him," she replied, "We're great…but…" She cursed herself for allowing the tears to form in her eyes. Prim scooted closer to her and put her arm around her older sister. "What's wrong Katniss? You can tell me anything." Katniss took a deep breath. "Prim," she began, "Peeta and I…well we've been trying to get…well, you know." Prim looked at her with confusion on her face. "Katniss what are you talking about?" Katniss took another deep breath, "we've been trying for a…a baby." A look of surprise and utter happiness was evident on her face. "Katniss! That's so awesome! I'm so happy for you guys!" exclaimed Prim as she hugged her sister, "I knew you would change your mind about it! How long ago did you guys decide?" "A while ago. But anyway, I came because I needed some support." "And you chose me over Peeta? I don't think that's happened since you got married, I feel honored!" joked Prim. Katniss rolled her eyes before continuing, "I've skipped my last two periods…I think this time might be it." Prim squealed, "Have you taken a test?" Katniss shook her head, "I'm too nervous." "Well, we'll never know until you try! Wait here I'll go grab one," said Prim before she practically ran out of the room. She came back in less than a minute and practically pushed Katniss into the bathroom. Minutes later, they were both sitting on the couch again waiting for the timer to go off. When it finally did, Katniss couldn't bear to look. Prim reached for the test and instantly felt her heart drop. "Well?" asked Katniss, unable to look at her sister, "what does it say?" "It's um…it's negative Katniss." Katniss dropped her head into her hands and felt the tears begin to fall from her eyes. "You know, these tests can sometimes be wrong," offered Prim, "lets take a few more." But seven tests later, Katniss still wasn't pregnant and she was beginning to doubt if she could ever be pregnant. "It's ok Katniss," said Prim, "maybe next time." "That's the thing Prim," she said, "we've been trying for the past two years! I haven't been on birth control for over two years, Peeta and I have sex on a regular basis. We've eaten the right foods and we've tried all the recommended positions. I've even made a calendar based on my ovulation cycle and nothing's worked!" "Oh Katniss," said Prim as she began to rub her sisters back soothingly. "This is the only thing that Peeta's ever asked of me and I can't do it. He gives and gives, and gives and I just take and can't return anything!" "Katniss you know that that is not how Peeta thinks of you," said Prim. Katniss couldn't stop the tears falling from her eyes. "Hey," said Prim as she lifter her sister face to meet hers, "I know of a good doctor that specializes in fertility treatments." "You know I hate doctors Prim—" began Katniss before Prim cut her off. "Just hear me out Katniss," she said, "he's had many success stories and he's one of the leading doctors in the field. I met him during my first year at med school. He's really smart Kat. Just give it try?" Katniss didn't know what to do. She really wanted to do this for Peeta who has always bent over backwards to give her everything that she's ever wanted. All she wanted was to return the favor but even that was proving to be too much of a challenge. "Let me give you his card," said Prim, "If you still can't get pregnant after a while, give him a call." February 2014 Peeta walked into their bedroom to find his wife crying into her hands. "Katniss," he said in panicked voice, "what's wrong baby? Is everything ok?" "I'm beginning to think its me," she sniffed as she pointed to their nightstand with her chin. Peeta looked over and saw a pregnancy test with a negative symbol. Peeta felt his heart plummet to the ground. Another negative result. "Oh Katniss," he said as he sat next to her and kissed her on her forehead, "everything's ok baby. We'll just keep trying." "But how much longer Peeta?" she asked, "I'm not getting any younger." Peeta rubbed her back soothingly. He hated seeing his wife like this. He hated not being able to take the pain away from her. It's true; he wanted a baby more than anything. But he wanted his wife's happiness even more. "I'm so sorry Kat," he said as he felt tears begin to form in his own eyes, "It's all my fault, I…I can't get you pregnant and I don't know why." Katniss shook her head, "No, how can it be your fault? You're perfect!" Peeta sighed, "That's not true Katniss. I don't know what else to do. I don't want to keep seeing you like this baby." Katniss suddenly stood up and walked to the other side of the room where she kept her purse. She rummaged around before she finally found what she was looking for. She walked back to Peeta and handed him what looked like a business card. Dr. Aurelius Fertility Specialist "Katniss what's this?" he asked. "Prim gave it to me a couple months ago," she began, "I think we should go see him. Just to find out what we're doing wrong." Peeta read over the card again. He wanted this more than anything, but he couldn't handle the disappoint every time the test came up negative. At least this time they would know for sure if anything was wrong with them. "Ok, Katniss," he said, "I'll have Effie make an appointment." Upon arriving to the doctors office two days later, the receptionist gave them questionnaires to fill out. "How am I supposed to know if my sperm has a low mobility rate?" joked Peeta, "Isn't that why I'm here? To learn what's wrong?" Katniss rolled her eyes, "Just mark the 'unsure' box." After finishing the questionnaire and waiting for a couple more minutes, they were finally called inside. "It's a pleasure to meet you Mr. and Mrs. Mellark," said the doctor with graying hair and kind eyes. "Likewise," said Peeta as he sat back in his chair. "Let's get straight to it then," said the doctor, "How long have you been trying for children?" "About two years now," answered Katniss. "Any missed periods?" "Yes, a couple, about four to five times a year." "Hmm," said Dr Aurelius as he looked over their questionnaire, "I think it'll be best to run a few tests. We can do them now or schedule them for another day." Katniss and Peeta turned their heads to each other and nodded their heads in consent. Peeta had taken an entire day off to be here during the middle of the week. Plus, they didn't think they could wait any longer. The sooner they got the tests over with and found out was wrong, the better. They followed Dr. Aurelius into another room with an examination table and asked Katniss to lie down. "I'm going to do an ultrasound to search for an possible scar tissue or endometriosis or anything that could be the cause for your missed periods." Peeta held her hand as the Doctor applied a cold gel on her abdomen and looked at the monitor. After a couple minutes, he turned the machine off and wrote down some notes. "Well?" asked Katniss as a nurse came in to help Katniss clean up. "There's isn't any sign of endometriosis," said Dr. Aurelius, "However, I did detect a blockage in your fallopian tubes. We'll have to run more tests on you and Mr. Mellark as well." "How long before we get any results?" asked Peeta. "It can take anywhere from two to three weeks," said the doctor, "but I promise to contact you as soon as I find out." The next two weeks were agonizing for the Mellarks who would jump every time they heard their phone ring. Finally, during the third week, they received the call from Dr. Aurelius' assistant who asked them to come in when they could for the results. The next day, Peeta and Katniss sat hand in hand in front of the doctor who had the answer to their problems in front of him. "Well," said Dr. Aurelius, "I'm sorry to say that these tests do not have positive results." "What does that mean?" asked Peeta who was holding on to Katniss' hand like he was holding on to dear life. "It means that we found a case of polycystic ovarian syndrome in your uterus Katniss. This explains your missed periods as well as your inability to conceive." Katniss' heart dropped. She knew it was all her fault. Peeta was too perfect for there to be anything wrong with him. It was her fault for waiting too long to say yes. She was the one who was broken, and because of that, Peeta would never have the thing that he ever truly wanted. Tears started falling from her eyes as Peeta scooted closer to his wife and held her. "It's ok Katniss," he said as he kissed her on the top of her head. He looked at the doctor across from them who had nothing but sorrow for the couple. "What