Life could have been better. But then again, Harry supposed it could have been much, much worse. True, he had to forget his dream of becoming an Auror. True, he had been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder. And true, he still had to sort his shit out, find a new goal for his life. He had always been task-oriented and he needed to follow a direction. Yet, he didn't have to care about money. He had a family who was trying to support him. And after his failure with West Point, he had enrolled in college, even if it was two years later than usual. It was always better to focus on the positive aspects of one's life, but the eagle with a rifle inked on his skin, and the two rounds of meds he had to take each day, were a constant reminder that life was not peachy as he would have liked to believe. Harry had started college almost five months ago, deciding that; fuck it, the Ministry didn't want him? He was going to follow them anyway. He could no longer be an auror, but he could still get to the front lines of battle as a war reporter. His family was not happy with his decision, too many triggers for him on a job like that, but Harry wanted at least to try. At least in the next four years he could come to understand himself, what he was capable of, and what his limits were. London was cold as fuck in December but he didn't really mind. Actually, breathing the chilly air and feeling his face freezing was a nicer sensation than being suffocated inside a class full of students. He walked through the Hogwarts campus, swinging a left, then right, and opening the door where his potions class would be starting in a few minutes. He looked around and noticed two waving hands on the left wing. Harry smiled at the two guys when he took the seat next to them. "Thanks for saving me a seat," he murmured as he pulled his notebook out of his bag. "Yeah we didn't want your perfect ass too far from us," replied Seamus, the blonde closest to him, in his usual flirty tone. "By the way, you look gorgeous in that shirt." Seamus softly touched Harry's clothed chest, causing him to roll his eyes. Sometimes he found Seamus too gay for his own taste, but he was a good friend. The other guy, Dean, was too. Except for those death glares he would send in Harry's direction whenever Seamus was flirting with him. Like now . "Hey," Dean just said in greeting. Harry replied in the same manner The professor entered the room, walking towards the blackboard. His brown eyes glanced up and found Harry's, before moving them to assess the whole class. Nobody was paying attention to him. As usual. "Ok, guys. The lesson is starting…" began Snape. Nothing. The chattering of the student body continued. "I would really appreciated if once you could just be silent…" Nope. "C'mon… Not every time!" A loud whistle caused the much desired silence. But it wasn't Professor Snape who had emitted the piercing sound. The whistle came from the left wing, and the professor turned his face to find Harry winking at him. The professor coughed hastily to cover his dumb smile and, now the center of the attention, started his lesson. The professor was putting his papers back in his briefcase so slowly, that if someone actually bothered to pay him any attention, they would have thought he was retarded. Not Harry, though. He headed out of the classroom, then told his friends he had left a pen there. He hastily made plans to meet them for lunch and went back. The classroom was empty except for the professor. "Professor Snape," Harry said in a husky voice, approaching the man behind the desk. The professor smiled at the address and closed the distance between the two of them. "You know, you can call me by my name when we're alone," he said in the same low tone, putting his forearms on Harry's shoulders. One hand gently curling the student's brown hair. "Severus." Harry leaned in to kiss him. A soft kiss. An affectionate one. They had started their affair two months prior. It was a little difficult for Harry to ignore those languid, long stares in his direction from the professor during the lesson. Normally, a guy like Severus wouldn't have stood a chance with someone like Harry. Circumstances where different now, though. Harry had been on meds for a little more than a year and during that time he hadn't tried to fuck anyone. He loved sex as a teenager and had become reckless when his bipolar symptoms had kicked in. After starting with the treatment, he was scared to have sex again. Not the act itself per se, but the fact that sex was one of his biggest triggers. The months passed in full mania had been filled with unprotected sex, participation in porn and blackouts caused by heavy drugs, making him wake up with pain in his groin and fuzzy memories laced with shame. Harry stayed celibate until he met Severus. The professor was not hot and not even remotely funny, but he was nice, ordinary, and faithful. Well, as long as it's possible to define a gay married man with kids and a lover faithful. Even in this situation, Severus was steady. Fucking him was not mind blowing, but it was enjoyable Safe. It wasn't bad. The sound of the door opening made the two of them jump away from each other. A guy they both recognized strolled in confidently, and they both froze. The dark-haired intruder smirked, looking them up and down slowly. "Hey, Bat man. Potter…" He grinned obnoxiously. "What do you need Malfoy?" Severus replied, composing himself. "Nothing from you. Yet." He nodded towards the higher seats "Just wanna nap here. No lesson for the next hour." Severus relaxed, and picked up his folders and bag, gingerly leaving the room. Harry stood awkwardly, alone with the guy. He watched as the guy went up to the seats at the back of the room. How the hell did someone with so much money dress like a homeless person? He thought distastefully. Harry knew it was pretty gay of him to think that, but really, that brownish sweater was horrible. It looked like he had been wearing it for years. "The fuck are you looking at?" The blond-haired guy had noticed Harry studying him, and was now looking at him with his eyebrows arched. He had the most expressive eyebrows Harry had ever seen. Swear to God. "Nothing, Draco." Harry shrugged, turning his gaze away from him. "Well, then fuck off." Draco motioned for Harry to go with the flip of his middle finger. When Harry was almost at the door, Draco called out after him. "Ay, remember, Potter. You make my sister cry, I'll fucking kill you." Harry just rolled his eyes, nodded and closed the door behind him. Severus may have had a wife, but Harry had a girlfriend. Well, a beard, to be precise. He had met Lyra Malfoy at the end of an English class. The assistant professor had cornered the blonde-haired girl to "talk about Shakespeare" and she looked as uncomfortable as shit at his attention, as he stood too close to her. Since apparently Harry couldn't escape from his White Knight side of him, he stepped in. "C'mon, we're late for the next class, let's go!" He said loudly, shouldering past the AP and taking her by the arm and pulling her from the room. She was confused and upset by his attention at first, but she soon smiled and thanked him. Not exactly for the reason he thought, though. She had been about to kick the bastard in the nuts before Harry approached, and she had feared it would not have been good to do that to an assistant professor. "So yeah, your solution was way better," she told him before extending her hand with a grateful smirk. "Lyra." "Harry." She quickly became attached to Harry and he thought he had just acquired a new friend. Wrong. She invited him in her room to study and, while both were sitting on her bed, she got up and straddled him, trying to push into him for a kiss, and palming him through his pants. Harry was so dense with understanding girls that he sat up quickly to rebuff her, making Lyra fall on her ass. He was about to open his mouth when she screamed. "GET THE FUCK OUT!" "Let me just explain…" he tried to say, holding his hands up towards her. Lyra threw him a high heels boot at his face with a force he didn't think a girl could possess. He backed out of her door quickly, shrugging in disbelief as he turned and walked away. The next morning he was prepared to track Lyra down to explain himself. What he was not prepared for was the three guys coming at him with two bats and brass knuckles. They spotted the redhead easily in the middle of the campus quad, and the short one in the center yelled at him "Harry Potter! You messed with the wrong girl!" Harry didn't know who the fuck they were, but sure as hell he didn't want to find out. He turned on his heel and started running instinctively. The three guys were visibly strong, but not that fast, and Harry outran them with ease. He lost them after the first couple of minutes, slumping against a wall as he collected his thoughts. T he fuck had just happened? There was only one possible explanation. Lyra. He found the girl at the entrance to her dorm, and he had to grab her by her hand to stop her from walking away from him. "What the fuck do you want!" Lyra spat at him angrily. "What the fuck do I want? Didn't you send me your three gorillas to beat the shit out of me? What the hell, Lyra!" He retorted roughly. "You played me! I thought you were interested and…" "I'm gay." Harry interrupted her quietly. Lyra's eyebrows shot up in surprise. "What?" "Gay, completely, helplessly gay. You're beautiful Lyra, but not my type." He replied calmly. "You think I'm beautiful?" she asked after a few seconds. "Of course. Listen… Can we just keep on being friends? After you call your gorillas back, of course." She smiled a little at that. "They're not my gorillas. Well, one's my brother. He's kind of a gorilla, I guess. The other two are his fucking puppies. They pledged to his fraternity, so…" The two of them became best friends. Harry was surprised at how quickly he felt at ease around Lyra; he even told her about his disorder, and his affair with Severus. Lyra always listened without prejudice, and she shared her own stories about her family and especially her piece of shit father., Harry had always thought that his Father, James, was the worst, but he was wrong. James was a drunk and a horrible human being, but her father was a monster of an entirely new level. He was abusive, manipulative, violent. He was part of a White Supremacy group. His first wife divorced him after he had sent her to a hospital left for dead. His last wife, Lyra and Draco's mother, killed herself. Lucius had already decided the future of his boys, and he didn't really care about his only daughter. "As long as I score a husband with money and connections, I can do whatever I want. I guess I should consider myself lucky," she said in a low voice. Harry hugged her tightly in response. It was after only a few days of their new friendship that Lyra brought up the subject. "I want you