"Seriously, Jeff, you are pushing this theme to the limit." Sophie complained as she studied the racy costume she was meant to wear. "I agreed to the name change and even the new uniforms but if you think for a second that I am putting that thing in my mouth you have a whole other thing coming for ya." She stated with the accent she had worked on perfecting for months. "Come on, Soph, you are supposed to be Annie Oakley! You think she had all her teeth?" Jeff argued with a pleading look. "You think she would be caught dead in a pair of shorts this short?" Sophie shot back as she picked up the shorts and held them up to her hips. "Honestly I think I might get arrested for prostitution in this get up and I refuse to wear a gold tooth. You can't fire me Jeff, I'm the best gal you got working here. Either lose the tooth or loose your best waitress, bartender, and dancer when Mel calls off which is only every Friday." "Fine, don't wear the tooth!" the portly, balding, man threw up his hands. "But I better see that hair in piglets and that hat on your head all night. No excuses, I mean it Soph, we need to sell the idea of a Wild West Saloon and we can't do that without full participation." He reprimanded. "Whatever you want." She grumbled as she turned back to the mirror. "At least Mel hasn't bagged out on tonight yet. We're short staffed as it is and I need to get home at a decent hour tonight or I think my father really will kick me out this time. He's sick of me working here and he especially dislikes you." She shouted at the retreating figure of her boss. She saw his small wave before closing the dressing door and changing into that ridiculous costume. Sophie had worked at the Saloon for years and seen it go through several name changes and with every new name came another theme, each one more elaborate and over done than the previous. This one had lasted the longest; Wild West was a big hit amongst patrons. Sophie suspected it had something to do with the bouncing can-can dancers that took to the stage every night. Regardless of reason this theme brought in the customers, which brought in money, which was really all she cared about at this point. Three more months at this pace and she would finally have enough to put a down payment on a house. "Hey Mel." She greeted with a smile as she saw the red head strut through the doors as if she owned the place. "Hi hun, did Jeff try and force you into that dumb gold tooth? I think he just had them left over from the pirate theme we did a while back. Remember those outfits?" She cackled at the memory of lace trimmed puffy shirts and leather corsets. "Who would have thought that the patrons of this fine establishment didn't like sexy pirates?" she asked jokingly. "I think it had less to do with the sexy pirates and more to do with everyone's inability to properly serve food with a eye patch on." Sophie quipped with bark of a laugh. "He tried to get me to wear that thing but I put my foot down on that one. Let him push it onto one of the new girls." She shrugged as she tied the last ribbon in her hair. "Did you see the crowd out there? Saturday nights are always the biggest money-makers. Well except that time we got a bunch of families in here, does this place look like a place you would take your children?" She asked with wide eyes, examining herself in the mirror. "It's your knowledge of where it's appropriate to bring your family for dinner that will make you a fabulous mother." Mel stated with a smirk before ducking behind the privacy screen to change. "Have you seen this body?" Sophie called, running her hands down her sides. "It's the reason I'm never going to be a mother. If you think I am going to give up this for the headaches of motherhood you are sadly mistaken." "And that attitude is the reason your still single." Mel shouted back. "Hey, I'm single by choice. When the right guy comes along I'll fall into his arms and swoon like the proper lady I am under all this." She retorted as she lobbed an old sock over the screen. "Where were you last night, when you were so sick you couldn't make it to work?" "Oh you know Nate was in a mood. He still doesn't like that I work here and I brought up that I didn't like that he slept with Alice. We started fighting." She explained as if she was describing the weather. "I'm sorry, was it awful?" Sophie asked as concern etched her face. "Oh no, it was all over in a matter of minutes but then we had to make it up to each other and that took the rest of the night." Mel stuck her head out and smirked. "And now I'm sorry I even asked!" Sophie exclaimed as she threw her hands up. "I have to go my shift started five minutes ago and Jeff is already in a mood." "See you out there, I don't start for another twenty minutes with the rest of the girls." Mel called with a wave. "Yeah, yeah, just remember to call me Annie." "God, did he change your name too? He told me to introduce myself as Clementine." "He thinks the western saloon needs to be better branded." Sophie rolled her eyes. "He even gave me a CD to pick up an accent." "You don't think he's taking this a bit too far?" "It's Jeff, he takes everything to far. But that's the reason we stay, if things weren't chaos we wouldn't know what to do with ourselves." Sophie called over her shoulder as she walked out of the "employees only" area. She looked around the bar and rolled her eyes. None of her family supported her decision to keep working there but the way Sophie saw it just made sense. She had worked here throughout all of her time at university and it had helped pay for tuition. She had been there when they were going to have to cut back on everyone's hours because they were haemorrhaging money, she would be damned if she was going to leave now that she was making a crazy amount of money. "Howdy hun, what am I gettin' you to drink?" She asked as she sauntered up to her first table. A group of four men looking incredibly serious looked back at her. Even though her question was directed at the whole table she had taught herself to focus on the one that looked like he would be paying the bill and sorting out the tip. "An old fashioned for me." The blond stated without looking her. "You got it. I just need to see some identification." She thought she saw the man roll his eyes and she was sure she saw his companions smirk. "Look I don't doubt that you are over age but it's policy." She justified with a smile and a small shrug. "I don't make the rules I just don't want to go to jail, especially for a man that hasn't told me his name." She knowingly put her chest even further in his face as she inspected the ID he handed over. "Well, Carlisle, it's good to know I won't be facing time for you. Who's next?" "A Jack and Coke if you please." The large one called in a voice that held only a trace of an accent. "My pleasure, you know the drill." She waited as he surrendered his ID. "Well Emmett you sound like a southern boy, bit surprising you're a local." She smiled. "And I don't recognise you." "I'm sure you see a lot of men walk through those doors, it would be near impossible to remember all of them." He replied with a boyish smile. "Impossible for most, not for me." Sophie tapped her head with her index finger. "Photographic memory, once I see you I'll never forget you." "I doubt that." The copper haired one finally spoke up. "Can't doubt it if I can prove it." Sophie argued back. "What are you having to drink, Sweet pea?" "A cola." He responded with a furrowed brow. "How could you prove it to me?" "C450-108-429-305." She reeled off the numbers as she looked directly at the copper haired boy. "Should that mean something to me?" He asked with his jaw tightening slightly. "No, but they should mean something to Carlisle. Don't they shuga?" she smirked over at the blond. "That is my drivers licence number." Carlisle frowned as he looked down to check the numbers. "Impressive." "Oh that's not my only trick you should see me on Fridays. I can cut a rug if you know what I mean." She gestured up to the stage. "But in the mean time I'm just little old Annie." She smiled with a small wink. "Well, Annie, I'd like a glass of your finest whiskey straight up." The man with shaggy blond hair and a somewhat wild look in his eye spoke up as he handed over his ID with out her asking. "Very well, Jasper. I'll be right back with your drinks. In the mean time look over the menu, we have some pretty decent specials and if you have any questions just holler. Name's Annie, and welcome to Hell on Wheels." Sophie leaned over the bar as she waited for her drinks. She was well aware of most men's eyes trained on her ass but chose to ignore it. "Thanks, Bill." She said as the bartender handed her a tray laden with drinks. "See those guys over there?" she jerked her head slightly in the direction of the four men she was currently serving. Bill nodded slowly. "God, their skin is like ice. I mean it's like they have been out in the snow all day which make's no sense because this is San Diego and the middle of summer, I don't think we have had a day under ninety all week." "Let it go Soph, you watch too much TV. Nothing funny happening here, just some guys with poor circulation and no dinks. Now get off my bar." "Fine you don't like a good mystery. No need to be rude." She remarked as she walked away. Sophie was half way to her table when some girl rushed around the corner looking haggard and running late. She wasn't watching where she was going and crashed into Sophie causing her to drop all of the drinks onto the floor, soaking her top and coating her boots in alcohol. "What the hell!" She exclaimed looking at the girl that cowered at Sophie's rage. Sophie slammed the tray onto the floor and clenched her hands into fists. "I am so sorry. Here let me pay for the drinks, I am so sorry." The girl stammered. "Name?" Sophie barked. "What?" The brunette asked in a soft voice with doe eyes. "What is your name? I'm usually a bit nicer but most first meetings don't start with me smelling like the bar back's rag." She bit out. "Sorry, my name's Isabella, I was supposed to start today. I just got done talking to Jeff and now I am running late and I wasn't watching were I was going. I'm so sorry." Isabella explained her eyes were brimming with tears. "You're the new girl? Okay here's what you are going to do; buck up, stop apologising and go get a rag from John. We stopped using real glasses a while ago so just wipe the big puddles up. When you're done go