I sighed, fed up of not really feeling anything for anybody anymore. I became an empty shell, in a world obsessed with what they can get. I decided to take a walk, to see if it would clear my head. The rain was pouring down fast now, no sign of slowing anytime soon. There was a strange mist in the distance which I was walking towards. As I got closer, the mist was still as opaque as ever. For no reason in particular other than to be random, I'd decided that I would walk through it. Within seconds, I was on the other side of it. However, my surroundings had completely changed. I had no idea where I was anymore and everything seemed so... old. I looked back to where I'd just come from and the mist had now completely vanished from view. I walked on to see if I could find anything familiar. I walked and walked until finally, I saw an old building. No, not just any building, I thought. This was a castle before me. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. The last time I checked, there were no castles in my area. Intrigued, I inched closer and closer until I got to the front door. I suspected that the castle was isolated; there were no signs of life anywhere. With a flash of excitement, I thought of knocking on the door. Then I thought better of it. There could be anyone in there. Then again, there could be anyone lurking out here too. Before I could dwell any further, I heard a gentle voice say 'And what do we have here?' Startled, I turned around at once. I saw the most magnificent looking man I'd seen in a very long time. He had shoulder length blonde hair, piercing blue eyes, and a pointed jaw. I wondered if he'd been acting in a play, as he was wearing clothes that seemed to be from another time, long ago. 'Hello. Is this your property? I didn't mean to intrude; it's just that I think I've lost my way.' I could only just string a sentence together; he was staring intently into my eyes for what seemed like an eternity. I felt a chill down my spine and yet I didn't feel as if I were in any danger here. Not yet, at least. He stepped once towards me and continued to eye me up. He replied in a soft voice. 'I see. Well, in that case...May I be of any assistance? Would you perhaps like to come inside for a while? You look dreadfully cold.' I hesitated for a moment. I did not know this man. Yet, I found myself drawn to him, more than I've ever been drawn to another person before. I followed him inside like a lost sheep. As I entered, I noticed the decor around me. The interior of the hallway was quite dark, as was the lounge when I followed him into it. He pulled out a chair for me at a big mahogany table. 'Here, sit.' He looked at me for a moment as if he had forgotten what else he was going to say. I obliged and sat down. 'Thank you. What is your name?' I asked him as curiosity struck me. 'Caius.' He answered smoothly with a hint of a smile. 'And yours?' 'Hazel.' He eyed me for a moment, and then dropped his gaze. 'Would you care for a drink, Hazel?' 'I'll just have a glass of water, please.' I answered. He left the room to fetch it. All around the room were black and white photographs dating back to the 1890s. In a couple of them, I saw a guy who looked identical to Caius. It startled me a little. Caius came back with my water. I thanked him and asked who was in the photos, particularly the doppelganger. 'Ah, that's...' He looked confused for a moment. 'That's my great granddad when he was young. I realise that the resemblance is somewhat striking.' 'Yes, it certainly is.' I smiled, sipping my water. 'I'm just going to call a friend.' I said. 'Okay, I will leave you to it.' With that, he walked out of the room and closed the door behind him. I found my friends phone number and called it. It didn't work. I called my brother instead. That didn't work either. I tried calling every number in my contact list but nothing worked. I had no idea what was going on. 'No!' I shrieked suddenly, feeling exasperated by that point. Caius bounded through the door. 'Are you okay, miss?' He looked very concerned. 'I can't get through to anyone. I don't think my phone is working.' 'Shall I have a look at it for you?' 'That would be great, thank you.' I handed him my phone and he looked like he'd never seen a mobile phone before. He walked to the door and called out another odd name. 'Aro?' Within seconds, another man appeared. This one had dark hair but not as tall. I got the impression that he wasn't anywhere near as approachable as Caius. Caius gave me a comforting smile. 'What is this?' Aro pointed towards my phone. 'It's a phone.' Caius informed him. Aro looked at me suspiciously. 'It appears to be broken, have you seen one like... this before, Aro?' 'No, I have not. How peculiar. It looks very... futuristic.' 'I'm almost tempted to ask you what year this is.' I laughed, half joking. 'It's 1950.' Aro informed me. 'Very funny.' I responded. 'What is funny about it?' 'It's 2017.' I started getting worried. This area that I was in, it didn't look very modern at all. Not just the house, but everything within viewing range. A look of sudden realisation hit Aro. 'Ah, we've been asked about this before. Caius, it must be the time warp that we've heard of before.' Caius stayed silent. 'Erm, yes. Apparently, there was once a couple who mysteriously appeared out of thin air in this area. They didn't seem to know where they were and they were dressed in Victorian clothing. Well, I thought it was just a load of twaddle, who wouldn't?' 'Do you know what was said to have happened to them in the end?' 'They got turned-' He stopped short. 'Well, I must be off. It's been lovely to meet you.' He walked away before I got the chance to say anymore to him. 'Caius, what was he going to say?' 'It's nothing to worry about but I can't discuss it any further with you. I do apologise.' He put a reassuring hand on my shoulder and gazed intently into my eyes. 'Trust me, you will be okay. I will make sure of it. One way or another.' 'Well, could you tell me another time? I really do want to know.' 'Maybe one day.' He smiled sheepishly. 'Your eyes... They're changing colour. That's amazing; I didn't know that was possible. How does that work?' I enquired enthusiastically. He turned away at once. 'No, don't hide; I think it's a great feature to have. I wish I could do that myself.' He hesitated for a short while. 'There are several of us who can change eye colour.' 'Us?' 'Erm... yes, humans I mean. There are several of us humans who can change eye colour.' 'How many different colours do your eyes turn?' 'Just two. Can I get you anything else to drink or are you hungry?' 'No, thank you. I still need to try and figure out how to get home though.' Caius looked downcast. 'What is it?' I asked. 'I don't know how to help you do that. I will try and find a way for you though, of course. I may not know you very well but I do care. I will try my utmost to accommodate you, miss.' 'I appreciate it.' I couldn't help the feeling that he was hiding something significant from me. Surely there must be a simple solution to all of this madness. He stared at me for quite a while; I started to get uncomfortable for the first time since I had arrived at this place. 'What is it? Do I have something on my face?' I asked him. 'No, it is nothing, honestly.' He ran his fingers through his hair and diverted his attention to a crow outside. There was certain uneasiness about him; he almost looked like he was in some sort of pain. He got up and paced the room for a while until he next spoke. 'Excuse me, won't you? I have to go out for a while but please do make yourself at home.' Caius awaited my response. 'That's cool; I guess I'll see you in a bit?' Caius gave a hint of a smile and then he walked out of the front door and out of view. I wandered around the big old house; there was no sign of Aro now. Maybe he had gone out too. I then wandered into the kitchen area and had a nosy inside the cupboards. No food anywhere. The kitchen was pristine as if it had never been used. I decided to walk upstairs. The first bedroom I entered didn't have a bed in it, but it had a sofa. There wasn't much in it at all. There was another bedroom and I made my way inside. There was a bed here, and it was perfectly made up. The sheets were black, as was the duvet and pillow covers. I suddenly felt tired and looked at the bed with longing. I assumed this was Caius's bedroom as there was another photo of the man who resembled him greatly. I wondered if Caius would mind terribly if I used his bed for a nap. It looked very inviting. Without further ado, I closed the bedroom door and got inside the bed, feeling really cheeky. He may be gone long enough to not know about this, I thought idly. I drifted off into a light slumber when suddenly there was a knock at the bedroom door. 'Hello?' I called out in response. 'Oh, hello.' Aro peeped around the door. 'Sorry, I didn't mean to bother you. I thought Caius was in there. I'll leave you in peace.' He gently closed the door behind him. I heard hushed chatter outside the door and it sounded as though Aro was talking to a woman. Suddenly, there was silence and I drifted off into sleep once more. I awoke and looked at my watch. I had been asleep for three hours. I'd slept for longer than I'd intended. I heard talking downstairs and I ventured down. As soon as I put my foot on the first step, the talking had stopped. I got to the bottom of the stairs and entered the lounge, where I found Aro, Caius and a young woman. The woman smiled at me and I shifted awkwardly. 'Hi, I'm Jane. I was just discussing business with these two. Nice to meet you.' She held out her hand and I shook it. It felt very cold and I pulled away a bit too quickly. She smiled warmly, yet he smile had something sinister about it. Caius cleared his throat and stood up. 'Would you like to come for a walk with me?' He offered. 'Umm, sure.' I answered. He came towards me and put his hand on my waist to guide me towards the door. I felt a shiver run down my spine and it felt like pure bliss. This guy was practically a stranger and yet the slightest touch made me feel weak in the best way. I was a bit taken aback by how mesmerizing he suddenly was to me. I made a mental note to not get attached to him. After all, I still had to get home, and when or if I did get home, I may never see him again.