This is a songfic to the song For the Girl by the Fratellis. La la la la la la... December 4th, 1999 Things have changed now. Draco Malfoy is no longer that punk who screwed around with his friends and found himself playing puppy to the one he liked most. It's ridiculous. Almost pathetic in a sense, but that's fine. It's over. Draco left and got a bit of a life. He goes out to restaurants and talks to his coworkers, enjoying being away from the people he knows better than anyone. Instead he's surrounded by strangers which is much safer and much more entertaining. No... that's a lie. It was fun being able to laugh with his friends, smoke a cigarette (which he gave up with having no one to smoke with), notice every visible bruise and scar on Harry's body, while punching the people who screwed with his friends. It… had been nice. Of course calling it nice that he was being used by the one person he cared about most, is not something most people refer to as healthy. Does that really matter though? They were friends for several years and then it ended. It ended because Draco has said goodbye and Harry couldn't even think of a fucking response. He was a coward, an absolute coward who had no right to change like he did. He had no right to have those white pills on hand and to try to sleep with Luna knowing that Draco wanted her. It never worked, naturally, because she never allowed herself to get drunk and saw through him. Of course she did. Luna saw right through him because she knows that Harry meant more than everything to Draco. It's different now, though, but she stopped reaching for him when she saw his face. Yeah, Harry had his life fucked up again. But this time, he's hundreds of miles away. Their lives would have been better... if they weren't always screwing up. Draco allowed himself to be used and forgot something important, and Harry got contacts and left. It's as simple as that but oh so much more complicated . Especially when you know it's all over between you two. Well she said," I know." But I just can't tell Everything you've just been saying October 7, 1994 Harry was lying on the couch with his head hanging off the end and his arm over his eyes as he listened to Nirvana in the background, singing to the lyrics softly. "Come, as you are, as you were, as I want you to be..." He didn't sing the rest, and he doesn't need to. Harry only sings the lines significant to him, and he loves to drown in the music, but of course Draco only knows this thanks to clipped conversations and the fact that he knows his best friend better than anyone can ever guess. The couch he's sitting on is a ghastly orange but that's what they get for hanging out in the garage full of things Draco's parents will eventually be getting rid of. It's only right that the two friends would be here as well. "You tired?" Draco asked with a small smile, trying to lighten the mood while knowing that Harry won't bother to look up at him. His plaid long sleeve button down shirt is open, revealing a white t-shirt, stained with Coca Cola and Slurpee. He must have worn that shirt for three days in a row now, but oddly enough it's not unflattering on him regardless. His jeans are ripped thanks to too many skateboard crashes and his converse are off, showing his large, torn, gray, socks. "Exhausted," Harry answered, and rolls over onto his side, his back facing Draco as the man stared at him in silence, not knowing what else to say. But the silence isn't a bad thing, that's something which takes Draco a year of knowing Harry to figure out. So he only lies down on the dirty wooden floor, ignoring the dust and smudges of dirt and stared up at the gray ceiling with a soft smile, finding images in the indents. "I think we need to buy cigarettes." Harry said suddenly, blankly, making the blond blink before sitting up abruptly and staring. But Harry doesn't seem to have moved an inch. "We don't smoke." "Yeah, but I hear it kills you." "I think I heard that somewhere too." "So I think we should smoke." "Alright then," Draco nods but doesn't bother to ask where this came from, there's no point. The deaths are probably the cause but right now that doesn't matter. Harry's brain goes through revolutions. That's the only way he can cope with disasters, every few weeks or months he has another one and decides to do something drastic because of it. The skateboarding is fine, but now smoking? And what can happen after this? Is he going to have them drinking beer before they're of age? But as Draco stared at his best friend's back he noticed that it's trembling. If Harry told him they should start drinking or having sex with strangers then there was no doubt in his mind that he would do it without a second's thought. Thank God Harry never shares his little white pills. But even if he did... Draco would do it easily, without even considering the consequences. That's how easy it is for Harry to manipulate him, and the funny thing is... the idiot doesn't even know. But sometimes Draco wishes he would. Lucy was there as well in the dark The kids in the band were playing October 27, 1994 It's going to be their first meeting, and even Pansy's groans over how annoying it is that they're stuck listening to the same old songs again because Draco couldn't find a new freaking band to like... well first of all she didn't say freaking , and second of all, Pink Floyd is a great band and seeing them live is even better, but regardless... Draco and Harry are going to meet tonight and that makes this night worthwhile. So she can go rot in hell for all he cares. Walking over to the stands right outside the dome he bought himself a can of root beer, Pansy doesn't give a damn about the rules and most of their friends don't either but... if the others discover that he can't drink yet because he's just eighteen, they'll drop him. Yes, they will really do that . But luckily their IQ's aren't that high so buying a root beer and covering the root part with his finger is just fine, for now. When they got into their seats, Draco had gotten the awkward seat, sitting beside a stranger. His friends wouldn't have given a damn so he pretended not to either, but he's just eighteen so strangers are still an anomaly to him. But when he glanced over to get a good look at the man beside him, he noticed the root beer in his hand, with his finger casually covering the root while his friends were drinking real beer beside him. Draco then grinned and motion to his own root beer, sharing a small smile with a stranger. When the lights dimmed and the music started playing, everyone began jumping up and down singing the lyrics. Their sides and hands brushed but neither of them pulled away. When the song slowed into something else, the crowd swayed back and forth, cigarette lighters filling the air as everyone lit up, except for the bastards who didn't buy a light, even if they don't smoke. Draco glanced over at the stranger beside him and could faintly hear him singing, and had to pause to listen, even though he didn't know why he even bothered. But no, he's singing something different... something completely different then Floyd. A new song, a different song, ah... he's one of them isn't he? The one with the potential to separate from the fake shit they are all stuck within, the stupid cycle of doing what your friends do. He was one of the few who dared to be different alone with no one to do the same beside him. After the concert Draco smiled at him. "My name is Draco Malfoy." "I'm Harry Potter." They exchanged land lines and that's how Draco Malfoy met Harry Potter... but this was not the part where he regrets this relationship, not just yet. No-one can hear a word or tell What the girl was singing December 15, 1993 "I hate this." Pansy glowered and grabbed her skates, rushing out the door in a huff, her face red and eyes red and lips swollen and red. Yeah, Draco hates it too. She has a boyfriend that likes seeing her with other people, and somehow she can't get out of it or escape him, and worst yet... sometimes he orders her to do things when her friends are around. This time... it's Harry and Draco. It's not quite clear how Harry became friends with everyone in his group and how everyone in his group because friends with Harry's friends but now there is fifteen of them. Everyone knows about Pansy's boyfriend and no one likes him but the guys wouldn't dare defend her... because she could destroy them. None of them really care enough, which means that Draco will probably have to be the one to put a stop to it, when no one else is willing to do something then it always falls in his hands. It's like cleaning the bathroom or washing the dishes, and sometimes even doing the laundry. They're used to using him by now, but luckily he has Harry who helps out whenever he's over. Draco stood up slowly and accidentally knocked over the ash tray on the arm of the couch. He didn't curse or try to clean it up; this is the boyfriend's place after all. As soon as he was up, Harry grabbed their things and put them by the door before leaning against the wall, staring at him in amusement at what was to come. Without hesitating, Draco stormed into the bedroom and ignored the naked bodies in the room, the very ones that made Pansy late for meeting up with the gang. Seeing her boyfriend, the tall man with dark hair, pale features, and a sadistic smile, Draco punched him in the face and told him never to go near Pansy again. It was simple, almost childish, but when the bastard stood up ready to fight back, Draco merely glowered then turned around and left, Harry carrying their things behind him. "You did good," he called and placed his board on the ground before tossing the blond's in front of him. They both skated down the road a bit before stopping at a nearby 7-11, not really knowing where to go. "Pansy is going to kill me when she finds out." He sighed softly and began rubbing his eyes with his hands which were slightly bruised and cracked from the punch. Harry stared at him for a minute then walked inside and bought two large Slurpees, one with a mixture of coke, blue raspberry, and lime Fanta. The other was just Coke and Dr. Pepper. Once he was outside, handing his friend the drink... Draco smiled at him and took it. "Thanks." Harry merely pulled out his walkman and gave Draco an earbud while he took the other and they sat in silence listening to the stones, 'Paint it Black.' It was probably one of their well-known songs but every once in a while it was quite nice to listen to the mainstream of your favorite bands. "Pansy is lucky to have you. I would only have offered some words and a shoulder to cry on. You actually punched the guy." Harry said with a smirk and took a sip of his brown concoction. "I used to do shit like