Harry woke up early on Sunday morning to hear the rapping of an owl's beak on his bedroom window. Ginny patted him on the shoulder, without opening her eyes, to tell him to open it and let the owl in. He sat upright, pulled the duvet back and stretched. As he flung he legs over the side of the bed, Harry yawned and grabbed his spectacles from the bedside cabinet, pushing them a little too forcefully onto his nose. The summer sun had already risen, even though the large clock on the wall opposite his and Ginny's bed told him it was just after 6am, and was streaming past the owl and through the window. The owl seemed to have a glowing haze around it. Harry got unsteadily to his feet, shook his legs a little to bring them to life and wandered over to the window where the owl continued to peck impatiently. "Harry, let the bloody thing in." Ginny mumbled, rolling over in bed and stuffing a pillow over her head to muffle the increasing amount of taps on the window. "I am!" Harry protested, and leant down so that he was level with the owl, "And would you pack it in? You can see I'm about to open it!" For a moment, the owl stopped pecking but, just as defiant as before, it began gleefully pecking the glass once more and Harry swore he could hear Ginny grinding her teeth even from the other side of the bedroom. Harry fumbled with the old, metal latch on the window and after a couple of attempts managed to flick it up. He leant his hand on the glass but when the owl didn't move, he told it, "You'll have to shift, the window opens out." The owl hopped a couple of inches to the right so Harry could swing the window open. The owl swooped in at once and even as close as they had been, Harry had completely misjudged how large the owl was. Its wingspan seemed to fill his and Ginny's, admittedly rather small, bedroom. It had a few letters tied to its right leg and dangling from its left was a very large package, the size of a bread bin. As the owl settled on his side of the bed, with the large parcel dangling over the edge, Harry untied it and the letters. He put the package and letters on the dresser behind him and turned back to the owl, who was sitting waiting patiently and expectantly. "What?" he asked it and he could've swore the owl shrugged. "What?" Ginny repeated, muffled from under the pillow. "Not you, I'm talking to the bleeding owl." Harry replied, shaking his head in disbelief at the stubborn owl that was trying to out-stare him. "What did it bring?" Ginny asked. Harry turned back to the dresser and riffled through the letters. There was one for James and two for Ginny. James' letter was larger than a standard one and heavier, and had what looked like a Muggle stamp on it. It seemed a little suspicious and Harry was tempted to try and open it before giving it to his son, but he wasn't sure he'd be able to successfully reseal it without James knowing it had been opened. Each of Ginny's letters had the postmark of the Daily Prophet's offices on them. The parcel was simply addressed to Harry, with no sender address on it. "A letter for James, remind me to ask him what it is. Two for you from the Prophet." "Probably revisions to the articles I submitted last week. Flaming pain they are, sending it on a Sunday!" Ginny complained, pulling the pillow tighter around her head, while the owl continued to wait on Harry's side of the bed. "Oh, and a parcel for me. It's quite big actually." Harry told her. "Well, that'll be it, won't it? If it's big, it was probably heavy and the owl will want a tip." Ginny explained. "But they don't collect payment on Sundays." Harry whined, hoping the owl would get bored and decide to leave of its own accord. "They do if it's something heavy, extra charges or something." "Have you got a couple of sickles knocking around?" Harry asked, trying to remember if he had stashed any money away in their bedroom. "Check my knicker drawer!" Ginny told him and Harry walked around the bed to Ginny's dresser. He pulled opened the top drawer and rifled through her underwear until he found four silver coins. As he turned around he noticed the owl had followed him on the bed and was eyeing the coins greedily. "What do you want me to do? You haven't got a money pouch." Harry told the owl and it snapped its beak in response. He reached out and wedged the coins in its slightly open beak, which it immediately clamped shut to keep the coins safe. The owl bowed its head slightly in thanks and hopped back over to Harry's side of the bed. "What are you going to do with that?" Harry asked it, as it spread its wings wide, "It's not as if owls can spend money." The owl tilted it's head away from Harry in an almost snobbish manner, and flicked its wings up as though telling him 'That's what you think'. With a flap of its wings, the owl swooped out of the window and into the early morning air. Harry sat down on the edge of the bed and heaved a deep sigh. It was still early and he would've loved to crawl back into bed and have at least an hour more of sleep but the incident with the owl had well and truly woken him up. He turned around to face Ginny, who had taken the pillow off her head. "Hey, Gin, there's some nice pairs of knickers in your underwear drawer. How come I've never seen you wearing them?" he asked, with a cheeky grin. Ginny opened her eyes and even from the other side of the bed, Harry could tell she was scowling. "Harry Potter, if I buy nice underwear, I buy it for myself. Not you, understand?" she scolded and Harry nodded sheepishly. "Good." she said, closing her eyes again, "Anyway, what's in your parcel?" "Huh?" "Your parcel. You said the owl delivered a big one for you." Ginny clarified. Harry jumped back up to his feet. "Oh that's right!" he wandered over to the dresser where he'd dropped the parcel and turned it over in his hands to inspect. It was indeed heavy and very large. Wrapped in brown paper and sealed up with basic twine, there was nothing written on it other than Harry's name and address. "I wonder who it's from." Harry thought aloud. "Open it then, no point wondering when it's right in front of you." Ginny told him, rolling over and squinting into the sunlight. Harry tugged at the twine and pulled it loose, the brown paper unfolding with it. The wrapping was several layers deep and inside was a large wooden box and a letter on top. The letter wasn't written on parchment, but Muggle white paper. It was a single sheet of paper, folded in half, with Harry's name written again on the side facing up towards him. Ginny peered over from the bed, intrigued. "Go on, have a read." she told him and Harry unfolded the letter and read aloud, Dear Harry Potter, I trust this finds you well. Enclosed is a fog box. I found it on my travels and couldn't think of anyone better to have it. Open the box and your deepest desire will appear. What lies inside the box will only last until the clock strikes midnight. Enjoy. Your friend. "Who d'you reckon that's from then?" asked Ginny, now sitting upright on Harry's side of the bed. "No clue." Harry mumbled absent-mindedly. He picked up the box and turned it over in his hands. It was an oblong shape and made from carved wood, that had been sanded down and smoothed to perfection. There were runes that Harry didn't recognise carved into the lid and a small, silver latch held the lid closed. Harry reached to undo the latch but Ginny jumped up and caught his forearm before he could. "Wait, don't open it!" she told him, wrestling the fog box from his hands. "Why not?" Harry moaned, reaching to take the box back, "It said to open it." "Oh, Harry, sometimes you are very thick, you know that? There could be anything in there! A curse, a jinx, a hex! Dragonpox! There could even be a very small, very angry owl in there waiting to peck you to death!" "It didn't sound like there was an owl in there," Harry countered, still reaching for the box, which Ginny was now holding over her head, "Plus, the letter was signed 'Your Friend'." "Which is exactly what your enemy would sign a letter with. Especially if they'd just sent you a deadly weapon." Ginny explained, placing the box down on her bedside cabinet. "Honestly," Ginny went on, "I don't know how you managed to get a job at the Ministry!" "Oi! And what do you want to do with it then? Destroy it?" "Hardly," Ginny sniffed, "Hermione and Ron are coming over for lunch, we can let them have a look at it and see what they think." Harry nodded slowly. It probably was a good idea to let someone else inspect the box before he opened it and unleashed some horrible monster or curse on his entire family. For all Harry knew, there was a Dementor jammed deep inside the box, waiting to glide out and suck the soul right out of him. "Anyway, what's in James' letter?" Ginny asked, looking very eager, "Chuck it here, I'll open it!" Hermione and Ron arrived at Ginny and Harry's house shortly after noon with Rose and Hugo in tow. Hugo had a poorly stomach and was looking less than happy to have been dragged out of the house and Ron looked rather guilty. He whispered in Harry's ear that Hugo had gotten up in the middle of the night for a snack and Ron had made him some toast, but he suspected the bread had gone mouldy after Hugo ate it. He had made Hugo promise not to tell Hermione in exchange for a brand new toy broomstick and a fishing trip with him and Granddad Weasley. Harry knew for a fact that Ron despised Muggle fishing, so he must've been feeling particularly bad to have offered to go. In fact, Harry quite thought Hugo had ended up coming out quite well off. Not only was he getting a toy broomstick and a fishing trip but he spent the majority of the day being swarmed by kisses and cuddles from Hermione and Ginny. The only downside was feeling unwell, which probably wasn't helped by the strange smelling tea that Hermione kept making Hugo drink. Both Hermione and Ron were fascinated by the fog box, although neither of them could make heads nor tails of it. "Well, I've certainly never heard of a fog box before." Hermione told Ron, Harry and Ginny as they gathered around the kitchen table, "It could be either very old or very new if it's not been mentioned in any texts. And those runes on top look similar to Elder Futhark runes, but even if we assume they've been poorly carved, they still wouldn't translate into anything coherent." "Are you sure you read it right?" Ron asked, "Maybe it said 'fig box' or something." he offered. "Definitely fog box." Harry said, "Besides, who would send me a box full of figs? And figs aren't even that heavy, are they?" "Dunno, mate, I've never had one." Ron grinned. "Me neither." Harry grinned back. Hermione and Ron both spent the next twenty minutes performing detection charms and casting jinx