Disclaimer: Anything you recognize, I do not own and I'm not making any money off it. I write for fun. AN: No need to leave a review OR read this story if you are going to complain about OR if the following things bother you - 1. Character Pairing: If you don't like a Slytherin/Hermione pairing, move on. 2. Age Difference of Character Pairing: The age gap just ISN'T that big of a deal. 3. BDMS lifestyle and any of the following tags. IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT...MOVE ON. Adult Tags: 3 plus, anal sex, BDSM, Bi, Dom, DP, D/s, Exhib, H/C, HJ, Humil, Het, Slash, M/s, OC, Oral, Rim, Solo, Spank, Toys, WIP Read at your own risk. If you don't like - I don't need to hear from you. Flames are not necessary - just walk away. Chapter One Hermione Granger sighed, closing the locking the door of her small Attorney Firm above Flourish and Blotts in Diagon Alley. Another late night, and if it weren't for her plans this evening, it would be another pitch-black walk home to a dark, lonely flat. She was tired of always being either at work or alone and wondered for perhaps the millionth time that year why she failed so epically at relationships. It certainly wasn't for the lack of trying. At twenty-seven years old, she had a dozen relationships spanning a few months to almost two years. With every single one, however, the spark fizzled and died like a wet Weasley's Wildfire Whiz-bang. The most recent had been a four-month affair with Oliver Wood. She shook her head, somewhat exasperated with herself. When was she going to learn that as much as she was attracted to Quidditch players, they never had enough in common with her to make a go of it for long. And the sex…Merlin's pants…the sex had been awful. Stale, boring, too fast, minimal foreplay. She had gotten some great acting practice in on her fake orgasms, though. Looking back at it, she was surprised it took her four months to end it. She had been even more surprised he hadn't ended it sooner when instead of being hurt and confused, he looked almost relieved when she broke it off. Sex had never been good for Hermione and she just didn't understand why. Reflecting on things, she could count on one hand how many times she had gotten off when she wasn't the one doing the work and still have fingers left over. Nothing excited her. She had read romance novels and instructive works, she knew the mechanics and biology behind sex, and she had been told by more than one man she was stellar at giving a good blow job (something she prided herself on in the bedroom department) – but none of that seemed to help. There was no fire, no passion, no one had ever ignited her the way she longed for. She had some passionate relationships in the terms of intellectual stimulation and blatant attraction, and she had had some hot and heavy petting that had thrilled her enough she was optimistic they would lead to explosions in the bedroom…but no. Near the end of her and Ron's relationship (the only relationship that had lasted almost two-years), he had finally fumbled around enough to get her off before hand before satisfying himself. She had broken up with him a month later, after they had only slept together three times during that time. This (after two years of four to five times a week) led her to believe he wanted out but didn't know how to go about it. They'd remained the best of friends, even better now that the stress of trying to maintain a failing relationship was behind them. The only other man in her life who had been able to get her off without her help had been a Muggle one-night stand when she was twenty-three. She had pulled a Coyote-Ugly the next morning. He had been a truly unattractive man. She shuddered just thinking about it. She liked to believe she was above such things as looks, but you actually have to be able to look at a person without cringing to get to know them and make conversation…yeah? It was just her luck that the alcohol-induced romp had been the most satisfying of her life. Was it sad that she found cold, plastic toys bought at a Muggle sex shop better at intimacies then any lover she had in her young adult life? You're not bloody kidding yourself, it's sad. She sighed again, pocketing her keys and making her way to Knockturn Alley. Knockturn Alley had changed quite a bit since the end of the second Wizarding War, albeit it was still a little sketchy. She enjoyed the make-over of Obscure Books and a couple of young adult clubs had sprung up. The streets had been cleaned up of beggars and dark object peddlers, and ladies of the night. She was meeting Ginny and Luna at their favorite – Patronus . She was excited for their once-a-month girls' night out. She missed the more frequent dates with her girlfriends, but Luna and Ron's twins had just turned one and Ginny and Harry's boys were two and half and almost one. She pulled her cloak around her more tightly, stamping her feet to keep out the late November cold as she continued to plod out of Diagon Alley. She had decided to work late tonight, ordering in food for supper, and calling it quits around 8:30 so she could get herself ready for their night out. She knew the girls would probably call it a night by eleven-thirty at the latest. She had been told over and over again during the last year that she "would understand someday" that the fatigue of being a parent just got to you and staying up late wasn't as feasible as it once was. To be honest, Hermione was already feeling it, and she didn't have children yet. When she had challenged that it was just growing older as an adult and having more pressing responsibilities, she received titters and an exchange of knowing looks that infuriated her. It frustrated her greatly that her two closest girl-friends and her two best friends had a connection between them that she didn't share. It made her feel extremely left out. A fifth wheel as it were. She paused outside the entrance way to Patronus , hoping to spot her friends in line. It seemed as though they hadn't arrived yet and she was about ten minutes early. She approached the club, watching with fascination as one couple about a third of the way from the end of the line snogged passionately, their arms wrapped tightly around each other, hips grinding together. She couldn't imagine wanting someone so much that one couldn't keep their hands to themselves in a public line. She rolled her eyes and made her way to the end of the queue. Ten minutes later, Luna and Ginny showed up with big smiles and hugs. Hermione, who's eyes had been riveted to the fiery embraced couple up the row, was startled by their arrival. Damn, I need to get laid. A little more than two hours later she was decisively tipsy and having a great time with her much more sober friends. They had discussed the upcoming holiday festivities planned, Hermione was to be at the Burrow as usual. Maybe this was the year Charlie Weasley would finally convince her to go to his bed. He'd been after her the previous two, and both times she had evaded him neatly. If she didn't get laid, soon, though (and laid well) she couldn't be held responsible for her choices. This six-month dry spell was killing her, as evident by her raging, hormonal thoughts. "I'm bushed," Ginny said when Hermione shouted the next round was on her. "I think I'm going to get going!" "Yeah…me, too," Luna said. "The boys have been getting up at 5:30 every morning. I'm going to be destroyed tomorrow if I don't get to bed." Hermione's face fell as she looked between her two friends. "It's only 10:45!" she whinged. "Stay for a little bit longer…please?" "I'm sorry, Hermione," Ginny truly did look sorry at her friends' crestfallen expression. "Al has an ear infection and I know I'm going to be up with him a few times tonight. He's such a Mama's Boy, doesn't want anything to do with Harry if I'm to be had. I need to get to bed." "I'm sorry Al is sick," Hermione forced a concerned look onto her face. "That sucks. It's okay, you guys go ahead and take off. I'm going to stay a little bit longer." Luna looked uncertain. "Are you sure, Hermione? Why don't you turn in, too?" "Nah." She shook her head. "I need a little bit more let loose time before I call it a night. It's okay. You two get home to your babes." She was disappointed when they both listened. Maybe this is part of the reason why my relationships always fail spectacularly . She thought to herself as she watched the girls get their cloaks from the coat check before turning to give her one last wave and heading to the Disapparition room. I always give in and never get what I need. She sighed and turned her drink bottoms up to drain the glass. She needed to pee and wasn't going to let good liquor go to waste. She had no one to watch it for her…so there was that. Oddly, there was no line to the ladies, so she pushed into the room quickly, only to freeze in her tracks in shock. The kissing couple from the line had the room occupied and Hermione wondered if she had unconsciously broken through a simple ward. (It wouldn't have been the first time her wandless magic took over when something was urgent…like her very overfull bladder.) No sooner had that thought come and gone, when she wondered if she should be taking off to get some help. The wizard had the pretty brunette witch bent over a counter at the far end of the room. Her arms twisted behind her, wrists held by one of his long-fingered hands, and he was…spanking her. Hard. From where Hermione was standing, she could see the left butt cheek of the witch was bright red with palm print fanning out onto her hips and down her thighs. She also caught a glimpse of what appeared to be a very slick sex, literally glistening in the fluorescent light of the rest room. It was the noises she was making, though, that didn't send Hermione running for the nearest security wizard. The witch sounded like she was being fucked – and fucked well. Hermione felt heat rise to her cheeks and a bit of dizziness engulfed her as she instantly flooded her own knickers from the sight an sounds. It was arousing. More than arousing. It was hot. Then his words filled her ears and she was rooted to the spot, pussy dripping, breath starting to come more quickly as her heart ticked up a notch. "Naughty little witches get their arses turned hot and red, don't they, love?" Another blow landed, and another. The witch arched her back into the spanks and moaned. It sounded like Hermione's rehearsed and well-practiced fake orgasms. Only this was definitely not fake. "Yes…sir," she hissed out on a low grown as the next four blows jiggled her backside. Hermione let out a soft moan of surprise. The wizard's head shot up and he made eye contact with her in the mirror. He was gorgeous. Tall, dark hair, striking blue eyes. His face was angular and his eyebrows arched in surprise to find her there. He took in her flushed expression and wide eyes and smirked knowingly at her before resuming the punishment of his witch. "We have