WARNING: THIS STORY CONTAINS CHARACTER DEATH. I'm told I need to post this unless I want to be on the hot and pointy ends of your torches and pitchforks. You have been warned. Rating: M, for language and a teensy bit of gentle lovin'. Pre-reader: With enormous thanks to meliz875 who has consistently pushed me beyond my comfort zone to improve my writing. My goal when I wrote this one-shot was nothing particularly noble. I was trying to make Mel cry because I need practice writing angst. :D This is WAY outside my comfort zone. Banner: Thanks to Mist for helping me fix up my attempt at a banner. :D Disclaimer: Still don't own shit. Song List: I hit Mel up for some ideas to get the ball rolling and then I found some old faves and I got ALL THE FEELS - "Hurt" by Johnny Cash, "Wake Me Up When September Ends" and "21 Guns" by Green Day, "Comfortably Numb" by Pink Floyd, and "A Warm Place" by NIN. - - - o - - - o - - - o - - - o - - - o - - - 21 - - - o - - - o - - - o - - - o - - - o - - - It began with a phone call, on a regular old Saturday like any other Saturday. Bella insisted they make no fuss and, though they did fuss a little, they didn't put a name on it, making it a pack gathering and that was just fine by her. The pack knew her proclivities and were willing to play along, so it was just another Saturday. But it being 'just another Saturday on a day when no fuss would be made and no mentions would be made of the reason for the lack of fuss', the entire pack was gathered in Sam and Emily's living room anyway when the call came in. The call that changed their lives. The call that made that Saturday unlike any other Saturday before. Sam picked it up on the first ring, "Hello?" Jacob heard his father's deep baritone on the other end, " Sam? Is Bella there? " "Yeah, do you want to talk to-" " I'm on my way. " Click. Jacob watched Sam hang up the phone as if in slow motion, slick tendrils of dread wrapping around his gut. Sam rubbed a hand over his heart. Jacob mirrored the action. Both knew the sensation, had felt it before-a sixth sense their wolves had that presaged the phase or harm to a member of their pack. Their heads snapped up, eyes locked. Jacob and Sam realized with growing horror what the call meant as the other wolves in the house quieted, their bodies becoming restless with the same growing sense that had warned Sam's and Jacob's wolves that whatever was coming would be bad. Really, very bad. Long moments passed in silence as they waited, drawing nearer to one another and the pack for solace. Why they craved solace, neither knew, only that they did. Car doors closing, footsteps, and the wheels of his dad's chair alerted Jacob to their visitors. "Bella?" She looked up at the sound of Sam's voice, the smile from the pack's gentle ribbing that had graced her face earlier long gone. The pack's body language was the first sign that something was very wrong. "Billy called before. He wants to talk to you. He just pulled in. Let's step outside," he gestured towards the front door. Bella rose to her feet, carefully extricating herself from the puppy pile Embry, Quil, and Seth had made around her on the couch. Jacob noticed the tell-tale signs of their wolves' stress leeching out in their human forms; Quil and Embry had been inexplicably running their hands over Bella's arms and back and Seth was tense, the hairs rising on the back of his neck. Even Jared and Paul had inadvertently turned toward Bella, their bodies tense and ready. Low whines not audible to human ears leaked from pained throats in response to the new tension in the air. Embry's hand ran gently down her arm again as she pulled away, forced to physically tug her wrist out of his grip as she stood. She tilted her head, watching him curiously, her brow furrowed at his unaccustomed clinginess. Combing a soothing hand through his silky black hair, she scratched indulgently as she passed, leaning over to murmur in his ear, "S'okay. I'll be right back." Barefoot, Bella padded quietly down the hall to the front door, swinging the screen door open as Sam and Jacob joined her-a solid wall of support at her back. Her dad's girlfriend Sue was helping Billy up the short ramp the pack had built off the side of the Uley's porch. Her head was bent, but Bella could see Sue's tears falling onto Billy's shoulder as she leaned over as if to look for something, avoiding Bella's worried eyes. Bella swallowed the lump of terror forcing its way up her throat, waiting for Billy to speak. His face was splotchy and red, tears just pooling at the corners of his eyes. He rolled towards her, pulling the handbrake and holding a hand out, silently asking for her to join him. "Billy?" her voice wavered. "C'mere, honey," he murmured softly. Her trembling fingers landed on his hand, letting him draw her into his lap so he could hold her as he delivered the words that Sue couldn't, "The station called. There's been an… Charlie w-" he bit his lip to choke down the sob that that gripped his vocal chords in a vice. Taking a deep breath, he tried again, "Charlie's gone, honey. He- he was shot in Forks, tod-" "No!" she scrambled out of his lap, eyes wide, curls whipping around her face wildly, shaking her head in denial. She backed towards Jacob and Sam as Embry stepped out behind them. "No, it's not him. It's- it's somebody else." She bolted for the door, stumbling frantically into the kitchen with Jacob and Embry shadowing her to make sure she didn't do herself any real harm. Snatching the phone from the hook, she dialed the station, spitting out words through clenched teeth like every one was an effort and she had none to spare, "This is Bella Swan. Where?" The receptionist at the station began with platitudes, but Bella wasn't having it, " WHERE IS HE?! " Her body shook with the effort to remain calm enough to get what she needed from the call-her father's location. She slammed the phone on the cradle, the force cracking the receiver. Jacob winced at the sound, his ears sensitive to even the most moderate of noises as a wolf. Bella stood frighteningly still for one moment before snatching up her keys and rushing to the door. She stuffed her feet in her rain boots and exploded out the door into the oncoming storm. Sam nodded at Jacob and Embry, "Go. We'll be right behind you." Speeding down the hall, Embry had the presence of mind to grab the rain coat Bella forgot in her haste. The two of them had just enough time to leap nimbly into the bed of the truck as she peeled out of the driveway. Bella pulled up at Newton's, parking haphazardly across three spaces. Slowly, like her feet were made of lead, she slid out, leaving her door wide open, and drifted like a lost little girl to the area of activity behind the yellow tape. Jacob and Embry leapt out and followed, flanking her when they caught up. Embry draped the dark red jacket over her shoulders, pulling the hood up over her hair just before the first raindrops fell. The deputies-her father's deputies-who were surrounding the area to keep out nosy onlookers parted to let her through as Deputy Baer stepped forward to offer condolences and try to gently turn her away. At her side, Jacob saw her lip wobble, but her eyes kept to the horizon as she listened to the deputy's voice, terrified that she might see it and it would really be true and there would be no denying it anymore. Jacob looked. Charlie was laid out, still on the pavement covered with a sheet. One bright yellow, duck-patterned, booted foot stuck out from beneath the sheet as it flapped wetly in the wind and rain. Bella knew that rain boot. She bought them for him for his birthday because she thought he needed a little color in his life; filled them with cheeky plaques covered in goofy fishing quotes and cop gags like donut magnets and a bacon scarf that Quil had helped her pick out. Charlie always had a great sense of humor. He wore that ugly bacon scarf all the time, too. Jacob turned his attention back to Bella as she dropped her gaze, taking in the sheet fluttering around the b- Charlie. He lost his breath for a second as reality slammed into him like a sledgehammer. That was Charlie. Charlie was gone. Gone. The scene was bizarre. Another body lay twenty feet away, covered with a sheet. Scattered on the ground around Charlie were a shattered cellphone, a mangled candy bar, a greeting card and envelope in shades of tan slowly going soggy in the rain, and dozens of tulips in a pretty peach color that could only have come from the convenience store next door to Newton's. A familiar voice nearby intruded on Jacob's awareness as Bella stared down silently at her dad, one hand clapped over her mouth as silent tears coursed down her cheeks, her other hand reaching out blindly for Jacob's. Searching the crowd for the voice, Jacob caught the eye of Mike Newton, dressed in the familiar uniform vest he and Bella always wore for work. Mike's face crumpled when he noticed Bella-an apology, regret? Jacob couldn't be sure. He stroked the back of her hand with his thumb. She gripped him tighter. Jacob took that as his cue. He led her away, what was left of her, anyway. The ghost of Bella Swan. She slept in Jacob's bed that night, but not for any of their usual. He was glad he'd finally replaced his childhood bed with a California King. He needed it that night. In the center lay Bella, wrapped in Jacob's warm embrace, their legs tangled together the way they always slept. She was tense and upset. He knew the dreams would start soon, no matter how tight he held her. Laying awake, he listened, senses tuned to his pack as they huddled and grieved together. Everyone had loved Charlie Swan. At Bella's back, sitting up and slumped against the headboard wide awake were Angela and Jessica. They came to drop off food from their moms, but stayed when they saw Bella-the shadow of their friend-that lay in Jacob's arms in bed, sobbing piteously into his throat, surrounded by his friends. Jessica held tightly to Angela's hand while Angela used the other to rub soothing circles on Bella's back. The others were there, still. Seth had crashed at the end of the bed head to foot with Quil with Jacob's feet draped over their bellies. Embry fell asleep behind Jacob, sitting up against the headboard, too, knees drawn up to his chest. Bella's arm lay under Jacob's throat, her hand resting on Embry's side, one foot held tightly by Quil while Seth's hand lay draped over the other. Paul and Rachel sat on the floor, backs propped against the side of the bed, their heads canted to the side, resting on each other. Jacob couldn't see it, but he knew-his wolf knew-that Embry had a hand on Paul's shoulder, too. Like the pack they were, they drew together to comfort one of their own and each other. Emily and Sam would have, too, but they had crashed in the twins' old