Dedication… 2/26/2014 - For meliz875. For those who don't know, Mel is my pre-reader for "Snowed In". She goes above and beyond for every chapter, letting me hash out my ideas, sometimes for days or even weeks before I've exhausted the process and I'm ready to commit my ideas to paper. So for going the extra mile for me, she gets a little extra show of appreciation from me for her special month. Happy early birthday month, Mel! A/N: The party begins today, but Mel's big day is still a month and several more fun Jake-, Paul-, and Embry-licious updates away—because I believe in month-long birthday parties and that everyone should have at least one. This one is rated M for all the best reasons and both MCs are definitely over 18, so don't get your knickers in a twist. It's AU because I played fast and loose with ages and the generally-accepted Twilight timeline because fuck it, it's my sandbox, my rules. ;) Genre: Romance/Mystery Pre-readers: Tamfan and SparklingFae. Thanks for helping me whip this one out on such short notice, ladies! Banner: HUGE thanks to Dontcallmeleelee for the awesome banner she whipped up for me with like zero notice. It was an adoptable banner that I found on her blog. You can find more of her available adoptables right here: . Don't forget to check out my interview with Stella next Sunday on her blog, too! Chemistry Bella Swan was right where she'd always imagined she'd be, at the head of a classroom, leading her class in a discussion about a topic they found engaging. The arguments for either side were the heated socio-political ramifications of experimenting with human tissue to explore the medical and commercial uses of its unique chemistry. They were volleying back and forth, student to student. Smiling as the debate wound down to a firm agreement to disagree on the subject at hand, Bella wrapped up her presentation as the class rumbled quietly, continuing the discussion in small groups amongst themselves while they loaded their backpacks and waited for the final bell to ring. She glanced furtively out of the corner of her eye, her shoulder blades itching with a disconcerting pull under the scrutiny of a penetrating stare coming from the occupant of the desk in the far corner. Chemistry? Could it be that simple? She laughed at the irony of chemistry bringing them together. They certainly had it. There was an undeniably strong something pulling them inexorably to one another. Drawn together from that first moment in class when their fingers brushed as the syllabus was handed out at the start of the new year, they'd discussed it discreetly alone, but always in public, seemingly surrounded by others at football games and the diner after school dances. Both were careful, though, always careful to keep up the professional teacher-student relationship in public. They had no private relationship— couldn't —no matter how much either of them wished it were so. It wasn't worth jumping the gun and risking all the hard work of a teaching degree or the shame of losing a hard-earned teaching contract for a liaison that may or may not prove to be worth it in the long haul. So they circled one another and bided their time. She gathered her things and, without a backward glance to see if he was watching, made her way to the head office to see to some last-minute graduation ceremony details. - - - o - - - Graduation day dawned a week later, bright and sunny for once in Forks, Washington and Bella was glad. Finals hell week was over and she could finally sit down and relax. She was slated to speak during commencement and she already had butterflies dancing madly in her belly. Despite her chosen career path, she was never one for speeches or large crowds. Forks High had a strict dress code for all participants, faculty and students alike, on commencement day. All-white dresses or skirts for all female faculty and students; white or light blue dress shirts, ties, and dark slacks for the men and boys. Past experience had taught many a principal that, left to their own devices, female students would invariably choose either a dress of innapropriate length or a T-shirt emblazoned with a foul slogan that would show through the unfortunate yellow caps and gowns worn by the entire female population of the student body. Boys could get away with more under their dark blue caps and gowns, so to level the field, a firm dress code was established for everyone who participated and was strictly enforced. Either tow the line or you don't walk with your class and you don't get your diploma. Faculty were expected to set the standard. Shoes were the one item that allowed participants to show off their individuality in a sea of yellow and blue on the big day and all the occupants of Forks High were known to do nothing less than pull out all the stops when it came to commencement footwear due to that little loophole. One-upmanship was practically encouraged. It was tradition. Bella had gone with a simple and classic leather ivory platform heel to match her dress and added a bit of Forks High school spirit by painting the soles with royal blue glitter glue. She tried them on in front of the mirror, grateful to have outgrown the clumsiness of her adolescence at last as she paced back and forth a few times, grinning as the blue glitter sparkled in the rare sunlight filtering through her windows. Kicking the shoes off for the moment, Bella padded around her bedroom in the lacy white undergarments she'd chosen-the only thing that wouldn't show beneath the pretty, ivory silk shantung sheath she'd chosen to treat herself with for the day. She couldn't resist running her fingers over the filmy lace of the garter belt that held up her stockings. She bent over in front of her full-length mirror to check from every angle that she'd gotten the back seams straight before clipping them to the garters. Ping! The sharp noise startled her out of her musings, her head snapping up to stare at the window. She rushed over and threw up the rattling sash, ready to shout at the squirrel who'd been out there on the nearest tree branch harassing her every morning for two weeks. She couldn't remember the last time the little bastard had let her sleep in, it had been going on so long. She opened her mouth to yell, but there was no squirrel. A throat clearing below made her yelp in shock and bump her head on the window sash, "Fuck!" "Such language," her visitor tsk-tsk'd, an amused grin spreading across his face. "What the fuck are you doing here?" she hissed, leaning out and looking around. "Did anyone see you?" "Relax. I was careful. I just wanted to swing by and wish you luck today. I know speeches make you nervous," he explained, rocking on the balls of his feet in scuffed green sneakers that had seen better days, his hand running absently down his shirt front over his messily tied tie. "Nervous," she rolled her eyes. "Understate much? Remind me again why I wanted to be a teacher?" "You look hot dressed up in those ugly, hands-off skirt-suits and librarian glasses?" his grin widened, eyebrows wiggling suggestively. "The things that get you hot…" she shook her head. "Guys are weird. Ugh," she snorted, looking him over more carefully, "Is that what you're wearing today?" "What's wrong with what I'm wearing?" he demanded, looking down at his pressed white dress shirt, charcoal gray khakis, and neon green Vans. "Nothing … if you got dressed in the dark and a drunken chimp tied that ugly tie with his feet." "It's not ugly . I'll have you know, my father gave me this tie," he said pompously. "He has good taste." "Yeah? Well, it's all in his mouth." She stuck her tongue out at him, then gestured to the backyard. "Come around back so I can fix it and at least make it a straight, ugly tie." She leaned as if to pull back in through the window, but popped her head back out to hiss, "Don't let anyone see you, though!" "Relax!" he hissed back. "You live in the middle of the fucking woods!" "I still have neighbors!" she snapped, popping her head out the window again. "Am I staying here so we can argue some more and risk me getting caught, or am I going out back so you can further disparage my tie and try to strangle me with it?" "Out back. I'm a multi-tasker. I can mock you and argue with you while I fix that hideous tie and imagine how good it will look when I burn it at the bonfire later." "You'd burn my father's tie?" "I thought you said it was a gift?" "It was!" "Then it's not your father's tie. It's your tie, but not for much longer." "Why's that?" "Because in a few hours it's going to be a pile of ashes instead," she snickered, getting the last word as she disappeared from the window. He chuckled, shaking his head, and slipped around the back corner of the house. Snatching up a short, raspberry pink silk robe from the chair by her walk-in, she tied the sash in a messy bow as she tripped lightly down the steps to throw open the back door. She was about to lean out to hiss to him that the coast was clear when he stepped swiftly into the open doorway from her left, right up into her personal space. "Shit!" she smacked at him, stumbling back. "Why do you have to be such a fucking creeper?" "Mmm … Is this what you're wearing today?" he asked, a low hum of appreciation rumbling deep in his throat as he fingered the silky material of the bright pink robe. Forgetting herself for a moment, she angled unconsciously into his touch, practically purring when he slipped his hands inside the lapels and ran them down the gentle curves from breast to hip beneath her robe, "Oh, god, babe. I can't stand it. What is this?" "Chemistry," he barked, smothering a laugh, dipping his chin to rub the stubble over her bare shoulder as the robe slipped down another inch. Moaning, she shook with desire in his arms, the pull was so strong, "If you keep touching me like that-" "We'll both lose our heads," he whispered, his lips a hair's breadth from hers, their foreheads touching as he exhaled deeply and gave in to his driving need, pressing a few gentle kisses to hers in the only show of intimacy they would allow themselves even in private before the diplomas were handed out later that day. He had just enough willpower to pull back, apologizing, "I'm sorry. Coming here beforehand was a mistake. We-" he cut himself off, swearing. "This is what we agreed to—for both our sakes. I'll-" he sighed reluctantly, whispering, "I'll see you this afternoon." She grasped just the tips of his fingers as he crossed the threshold in a silent, if all-too-brief farewell. He squeezed them in return and slipped through the door, quietly pulling it to behind him. Just before he closed it—his eyes trained on the ground to avoid further temptation—he murmured, glancing up at her from beneath lowered lashes, "You look beautiful today. You always do." - - - o - - - Not even a full minute after the ceremony ended, he was running, taking the stairs two at a time, seeking her out in the crowd. He found her surrounded by others and was forced to bide his time. It was a skill he had come to master these last nine torturous months. Minutes passed, but he knew she knew he was there, watching. Finally, she turned, throwing a