Dedication: For meliz875. Happy Embry month! … or, er … birthday month. ;) A/N: This is my little way of saying 'thank you' to Mel for putting up with my shit and helping me make my plutty crap crap-tastic. This particular fic is also my own personal penance for saying I hate it when people name fics after song titles. ;) This was supposed to be a two-shot, but, uh … yeah, not happening. It got outta hand pretty quickly. Now it's just going to be whatever it ends up being. Short story, maybe? No idea. It's M-rated for later chapters where THERE WILL BE LEMONS. Sorry for the delay in getting this one out. I had to build a double-wide alien tech stealth couch fort, the floor was lava, and I had no internets for a time, but it's okay because I have been saved by the Hypnotoad. All hail Hypnotoad. Pre-reader: Tamfan and meliz875 (yes, she helped pre-read her own birthday present, don't judge me) BTW, I did a fandom-related interview with Stella last week. You can check it out on her blog, Dontcallmeleelee's Mess: . . Inspiration for this chapter: "Pink Moon" by Nick Drake "Titanium ft. Sia" by David Guetta - - - o - - - o - - - o - - - o - - - o - - - Chapter 1 - - - o - - - o - - - o - - - o - - - o - - - Frrrmmp! Embry froze, startled by the thunderous noise that interrupted the eerie quiet of the forests of La Push that bright, moonlit June night. Through the open shed door, the sight of a rare, glowing pink full moon hung in the sky over La Push. It cast a faint rosy light on everything below and lit up the night bright enough for even Bella to move around easily in the dark for once. Listening intently for any movement or warning from outside the ramshackle shed where he and Bella crouched nervously over three cases of Old Quil's homemade rez moonshine, Embry tightened his grip on the crates he held. Clink, clink. Bella's eyes were wide and sparkling with mischief as she strained to hold onto her crate, rattling the bottles inside. Carefully resting his two crates of ill-gotten booty on a box of old Popular Mechanics magazines, Embry leaned closer to Bella to whisper in her ear, "That wasn't the signal. That was Quil's wolf farting." Bella snickered, choking, trying not to laugh aloud and give away their location in case there was someone nearby to hear them sneaking around. Continuing in a whisper, Embry was choking down his own laughter, "He had, like, fourteen hot dogs with sauerkraut cooked in beer at that picnic for you and Hazel at Sam and Em's earlier." Outside the ramshackle shed, a motley crew comprised of Quil, Paul, Leah, Jared, Kim, Seth, Jake, and Bella's college roommate, Hazel, laughed quietly at Embry's whispered remarks as they stood watch, prepared to warn the moonshine thieves within should Old Quil or one of the other real adults turn up unexpectedly. Paul griped loudly, " Fuck , man. That was nasty," as a laughing lupine bark answered. A chorus of, Shh! and muffled gagging carried in through the open door. One would think with all the available shapeshifter manpower that someone other than Bella would have been a better choice for the delicate and stealthy job of swiping Old Quil's 'shine. The problem was that Bella was the only one who knew where he hid his stash in the shed. The others may have been able to sniff it out, but Bella was the only one who knew how to open the hidden compartment without destroying the door and giving away that it had been breached by the world's unstealthiest group of shapeshifting burglars and their crafty, pint-sized, human ring-leader. The one time, weeks earlier, that Bella had 'accidentally stumbled' across Old Quil bottling his secret recipe in the shed, he had mistakenly assumed that she was still the good girl he'd never have to worry about and so, hadn't bothered to hide what he was doing while he answered her innocuous questions about some lesser known tribal legends. Little did he know, she was merely a trojan horse — the pack's unassuming and unlikely advance scout. As it turned out, Old Quil didn't know his great-niece quite as well as he thought. She was more like Quil the Younger than anyone suspected. Because, when it came right down to it, Bella could lie. She'd learned all kinds of new skills and picked up a few unsavory habits while she was away at school. Hell, thieving the moonshine had been her idea in the first place. Embry thought is was the best idea she'd ever had. He told her so, too, right before she drafted him to be her second for their 'shine-thieving escapade later that night. Quil had quickly volunteered to be their getaway wolf before the others chimed in that they wanted in, too. The pack hadn't killed a vampire in months. Things were a little dull on the rez while Bella had been away at school in Seattle. The fact that she'd somehow managed to get paired up with a Hawaiian shape-shifter for her college roommate two years ago was the main reason the La Push shifters were all eager for some- any kind of excitement. Hazel came from a long line of shapeshifters—the last descendents of Kamehameha. Thankfully, her type of shifter was every bit as strong and fast in their human forms as they were their spirit forms. Because Hazel phased into an orca. Quil just about shit a kitten the first time she phased orca mid-cliff-dive one sunny Saturday afternoon in early October nearly two years earlier. The rest of the pack was no less surprised, but Quil- Quil was certain it was love at first sight. Unfortunately for poor, heartbroken Quil, the love at first sight had actually only been on Jake's and Hazel's parts that day. Jake had run over to the cliffs to join them when his patrol ended after the pups had phased in, babbling excitedly about Bella's newest shape-shifting friend. Jake and Hazel looked into one anothers' eyes, but didn't imprint. They had no need to. They recognized immediately in one another their mate. It truly was love at first sight. The real deal. No hocus pocus required. The meeting between the two dominant shifters awakened a deeply-buried instinct within the two of them, one they fought daily until the Elders could research it and tell them more about it. They would likely be the first double-marking in the two tribes' histories. They waited, though, holding out as long as they could and hoped the Elders could tell them more before they did something irreversible that they might regret later. Billy was delighted and encouraged the two at every opportunity to complete the marking ritual. Hazel's older brother and her pod's Alpha, Nui, took some convincing. Being the marked mate of the Alpha of a pack on the mainland meant Hazel would be irrevocably tied to that land. Land. Where she couldn't phase to protect herself. Where her pod was thousands of miles away if there was an emergency. Where she was the only shape-shifter capable of chasing a vamp into the ocean. To fight it alone. Nui immediately relocated two of his and Hazel's younger sisters, Laurel and Noelani who had volunteered to go willingly, on a semi-permanent basis to the mainland to support Hazel who needed more back-up than usual because her new human best friend Bella was basically catnip to vampires. The problem was that all the vampires followed the catnip. The second big problem, as Nui saw it, was that his younger twin sisters had almost immediately also found their life mates among the members of the La Push Pack—Jake's younger cousin, Collin and Collin's best friend Brady. Laurel and Lani were delighted at the tender age of fifteen to find their equally young mates—and so near their sister, too. He caved when all three of his sisters begged him to let them make the move to La Push permanent. Hazel was old enough to act as their guardian officially, but would be in Seattle at school most of the time, so Sam and Emily stepped up, offering to take responsibility for the twins on a day-to-day basis until Hazel lived with Jake in La Push full time. Mollified by the former La Push Alpha's offer and his fatherly demeanor, Nui was much more amenable when Billy eventually approached him about enrolling the twins in the Tribal School in La Push with Brady and Collin, and offered to help the three girls find a nice, low-maintenance place to live on the rez. He also offered the full support of the council—whatever it took to help keep the young shifters together with their mates. The Kamehameha Pod, though roughly the same size as the La Push Pack, had more older and experienced members. Whereas the Quileute truly couldn't afford to lose even one of their younger, less experienced Protectors to an overseas mate or pack. Fortunately, the Kamehameha name came with more than just a long and storied past. It also came with trust funds. Nui decided it was worth the investment to build in La Push. It looked like they would be mingling tribes for a good long time to come. The Hawaiian Alpha was worried about sending more of his pod, though. Letting his remaining sisters and brothers attend the graduation party scheduled for Bella and Hazel in La Push could mean losing more of them to mates in the La Push pack before others in their own tribe were old enough to phase in the islands. He decided to keep most of his pod at home, offering instead to fly Hazel, Jake, Bella and a friend or two out to the islands for another party and some homegrown Hawaiian fun to celebrate their accomplishments in a few weeks. In the meantime, the La Push Pack knew how to make its own brand of fun. Embry hefted his crates and gave Bella a nudge toward the open door after he heard Jake whisper to give the all-clear. They hustled out to the Ateara's backyard. The fair skin of Bella's cleavage pushed up by the tiny white bikini that was held in place with little more than a few large, metal O-rings and some spandex was aglow with a faint, cherry-blossom-pink flush that caught Embry's eye. She may have been tiny, but—as a late bloomer—she'd come home from college racked and stacked. Embry noticed. All the time. He began to notice changes in her long before she ever left for college. But the progress was slow. Little better off than a forgotten shut-in, he'd find her curled up on the couch in Jacob's garage more often than not, not speaking, not even feigning interest in the one-sided conversation Jacob kept up for her benefit—hoping against hope that some topic would spark her interest and engage her in the real world once more. Oh, sure, she was eating again, not much, but enough to satisfy Sam who saw her as his responsibility. He felt the failure more deeply than anyone else. He'd known what the Cullens were and, for a time, was the only one with the strength to intervene—to show her how she was affected by their thrall, dependent on the trace amounts of venom that once hung like a thick fog in her bedroom. The vaporous poison had been so thick, Sam could hardly bear to walk into the Swan home at one time. Bella and Charlie had been breathing that disgusting, deathly smog for months . Poor Bella had been exposed to it twenty-four hours a day from what he'd heard. In a brief moment of clarity,