Pairing: Claire, Quil/Leah Genre: Hurt/Comfort/Family (some tragedy, mentions of character death) Rating: M, strong language Origin: Tricky Raven's Weekly Flashfic Challenge Prompt #24, Uncle Quil With huge thanks to CayStar for giving this a quick beta on the fly. A/N: Just a heads up about some other fics while I have your attention. I'm making the most of the remnants of Spawn's summer vacation now that I'm recovering pretty well from my surgery last month. I've written about 25K words over the last two weeks for "Snowed In" and the auction piece I wrote for TR, "PB&J" as well as my collab with meliz875, "Brothers", so expect to see some fresh action on my multi-chapters soon. Due to waning interest in my short story omni, "Every Dog Has Its Day", I'm going to discontinue that on FFn. I'll continue updating it on TR. You can find it there, if you really want to keep reading those flashfics. TR is having a Men in Uniform anonymous one-shot contest for Labor Day. I may be writing something for that, too, if my idea comes together in time, so be sure to check that out. A Different Imprint Claire slumped in her seat, legs crossed at the knee, swinging a pointed teal flat on the tips of her toes. Running her fingers over the ancient pattern of their shabby kitchen table, she read a text from Cammie Littlesea and punched her calorie count into the new app she downloaded. Setting it aside, she stared into her cup at the creamy texture of the yogurt, swirling it with her spoon, brooding, and dutifully eating her Quil-approved after-school snack before her cousins came home. She thought Quil was going a little overboard monitoring her diet with the required after-school snacks and the new calorie-counting app, but she'd brought it all on herself, she supposed, trying that stupid fad diet Beyonce swore by and passing out cold in gym class a month ago after a week of near-starvation. Leah had been the PA on duty that day at the rez clinic. She lectured Claire up one side and down the other about healthy eating habits. Quil was frantic when he'd run into the exam room minutes later, blaming himself for not putting a stop to it sooner. He was shaking so bad he cracked the door when he closed it. Leah gave her the stink-eye, pointedly looking back and forth between the two of them until Claire dropped her eyes. Shame ate at her when Quil picked her up off the exam table and sat right down on the floor with her in his lap, breathing heavy. He couldn't even speak at first, he was so upset. That brought her to her senses. If anything happened to her, Quil would never forgive himself, so here she sat, eating her yogurt and pomegranate seeds and dutifully tallying up her daily calories to show him that she was eating enough. Claire never seemed to be able to make it any easier on him, though. Poor Quil. He was so often right on the edge of being out of his element, even with the imprint. He never expected, though, that his imprint would be so different from all the others. Her biological dad was a deadbeat who took off when she was two and a half. He was young and the responsibility probably was too much for him. Her mom … maybe she would have been okay, but then her parents refused to help her when Claire's dad took off and Claire's mom was really young, too, still just a kid at eighteen. She could barely take care of herself and her parents had washed their hands of the entire mess, and of Claire, too. Her mom turned into a junkie tweaker by the time Claire was three and a half. She lived for two things; to get her next fix and forget everything that hurt so bad. There were weeks at a time when the only food in the house was bought by Quil at his family's store and cooked by Aunt Emily. He made sure she always had fresh milk and clean clothes, and that she spent every day at the community-provided daycare in Neah Bay, even if he had to drop her off and pick her up himself. And sometimes, when it got real bad, he was the only one there at night to make sure she had a bath and tuck her in. He read her stories and told her Quileute legends, then crashed in the tiny chair by her bed until her mom came stumbling in sometime in the middle of the night. He tried to get the tribe to intervene, but the Elders said he should mind his own business and go home to La Push. They took Claire from her mom on a Tuesday, just scooped her right up at the Makah daycare and she never saw her mom again. She became a ward of the tribe. She spent a few days in temporary foster care and never did figure out what her mom had done that time or why she disappeared. The Quileute Council of Elders petitioned the Makah tribe on behalf of her Uncle Sam and Aunt Emily to place her with the Uleys instead of long term foster care since she had no family willing to foster her in Neah Bay. Things got better for a while. She had a nice room at Aunt Emily's with pretty wallpaper—white with pink roses. The mint green sheets and rose quilt smelled fresh like lavender and someone was always there to hug her tight when she had a bad dream. Sometimes it was Quil, but not always. It was like they had a revolving door with all those big people coming and going all the time. Sam, Jake, Paul, Embry, Seth and others would pad into her room by the light of the moon, lift her into strong, caring arms, and hum Quileute lullabies until she drifted off again. She still saw Quil the most. He was her special uncle, the one who always had time to color and have tea parties, and he made up the best games that he talked all her uncles into playing, too. Hide and seek was her favorite because they were all so huge, they could hardly hide behind anything without being seen. She was good at that game because she was so small. Sometimes she begged to play Sardines, though, just to see what happened. Her Uncle Paul was terrible at it because you had to get along and stay quiet and then one of her other uncles would poke at him and they'd end up wrestling on the ground and carrying on. That was fun, too. Somebody was always covered in mud. Then, just a year after she moved to La Push, her Uncle Sam died 'in service to the tribe'. That was how they said it, ' in service to the tribe '. They memorialized him like a hero. He was a security guard, they said, but she guessed it was a pretty dangerous job if they needed big guys like Uncle Sam to do it. Aunt Emily got sick when they were planning Uncle Sam's funeral. Real sick. Jake had to pick her up to help her carry out her widow's duties at the service while Quil sat with Claire and the little Uley boys. Emily couldn't manage them on her own anymore. She was wasting away to nothing in front of their eyes. Later, they said she died of a broken heart. Claire didn't like that she thought that was selfish, but Aunt Emily had had so much to live for. She couldn't understand how she could leave them that way, especially after Uncle Sam died. She remembered that horrible day, rocking in Uncle Sam's old chair. She had cried in silence for hours in Quil's lap, holding onto Leah's hand for dear life. Leah couldn't have been comfortable, perched on the arm of the chair like that, but she never moved and never complained. Her cousin, Jason Uley, was just two and his little brother, Kyle, wasn't even a year old. She remembered Jake holding them both and walking miles up and down the hallway, trying to comfort them with that weird rumbling noise he made. And when his arms got tired and his heart hurt too much to continue, Embry took over. And, still, they cried. Until Joy asked for the babies when Paul was taking a turn walking with them. She tucked them together into Claire's arms on Quil's lap and she hugged them to her. It was like they could finally breathe for the first time. Attempts to separate the three of them resulted in disaster afterward. The pack was more than willing to take them all in, but three kids was a lot for any single family to absorb, so they didn't try at first. Claire had nightmares every night sleeping at Paul and Rachel's house in that big bed all alone. Jason and Kyle weren't much better off staying with the Clearwaters, even with the pack stopping by at all hours of the day and night to help. It was Quil who first figured out their most basic need. They had formed their own little pack in their grief and they needed each other, the pack pups. Simple as that. Jake ordered Paul to bring Claire over. They laid them all down together in Seth's old bed for a nap and Claire remembered how nice that was, like sleeping in a big pile of puppies. She hugged Kyle and patted Jay's back and told him it was okay, it would all be okay. That was what adults said to make you feel better when you were sad. He popped his thumb in his mouth and drifted off to sleep with one of her curls wrapped around his finger. That was when Quil really got involved and decided a family didn't mean you had to have a mom and a dad all under one roof. The pack was family even with Uncle Sam and Aunt Emily gone, so he thought we could figure out a way to make it work, too. He did a ton of paperwork and talked to the social worker a lot in quiet meetings at the kitchen table. She, Jason, and Kyle were temporarily placed in the care of Quil's mom and grandfather as wards of the tribe since they were on the Elders Council. At eighteen years old, Quil adopted her and both of her Uley cousins. He thought it was important to keep them all together and said that nobody was breaking up their little pack if they needed each other, especially if he could help it. Quil took to fatherhood like a duck to water. He was like a big kid himself. There were still nights when dinner ended up burned and he forgot pediatrician and dentist appointments, but they were okay. She had a warm, safe place and she was never hungry and there were always aunts and uncles coming and going so they never had to go to daycare or a babysitter. They had the pack. Oh, there were still moments, though. After Old Quil passed, they inherited his house. Quil thought his mom might like a little peace and quiet in her life, so it was decided that Quil and the kids would move into his granddad's old place. The pack helped renovate and add an extra bedroom for Claire—a massive, girly space built over the garage with a loft bed and a rope ladder and a playhouse underneath for tea parties and board games. When she outgrew the princess playhouse, she traded out the pink sheers for dark purple drapes she made from thrift store sheets and RIT dye. One weekend, she shoved a loveseat she found at a yardsale under the loft so she