Note from Chrissi: A bit of background on this one-shot: My writing partner, meliz875, and I fangirled over Ed Sheeran's new album last week before she sent me the link to his track "I See Fire" from the new Hobbit movie. I typed up a little fic description of what I imagined happening with the song as the backdrop and she loved it, so I set it aside for a rainy day to work on when I had more time. Then she forced my hand (as she often does because she has her ways). She gave me shit about taking collab credit no matter how much I argued for it, but I eventually wore her down. This began as a little gift full of heartfail and feels from me to her, but in the end, it turned out to be kind of a gift for each other. We've never met in person and I only heard her voice for the first time on the phone last week (because we text like fiends constantly), but she is my kindred spirit in every way, and if her friendship and writing partnership is the only thing I ever gain from this fandom, I will count myself doubly blessed. Note from meliz: Not sure how I can top that aside from echoing everything she said. I believed in this idea as much as she did, and while I never thought it would rise to the level of a collab, it also doesn't take much to recognize that's pretty much how Chrissi and I work anyway. She is the yin to my yang. Her strengths are my weaknesses and vice versa, and together, we make a pretty awesome team. Working with her is effortless, and I can't wait to do more of this in the future. ;) Enjoy the results of our efforts. ~ChrissiHR & meliz875 Co-Author, Writing Partner, Pre-reader, Beta, and Partner in Crime: meliz875 Genre: Family/Tragedy Summary: They were born to protect, designed to kill. Destined to fall. And if tomorrow ended in fire, they would all burn together. Warning: Contains character death. Suggested listening: Ed Sheeran's "I See Fire" and Daughter's "Tomorrow". Brothers In a clearing deep in the heart of the ancient Hoh Rainforest, a lone man stood. The last of his kind. Flicking a match, he lowered to his knees just beyond a grisly circle of muted browns, greys, and black. His leg, unable to mend, refused to hold his weight as he struggled to stay upright and bow his head in prayer. Blood poured from his wounds and he grew weak with every precious drop lost, seeping into the ground. Lowering his lashes, his voice raised in an ancient chant, a final tribute to those who fought. Around him, the world burned. La Push, in a single day, had been wiped off the map. Forks, too. Dozens of Cold Ones had descended. It was all they could do to take down the ones here in the meadow, but the damage was done. Ten young werewolves and one ridiculously brave human who refused to leave her family's side were no match for the bloodsuckers, hellbent on destruction for no reason other than they had learned of the wolves' existence from Edward Cullen. He was the first to burn. Sickeningly sweet plumes of deep purple smoke unfurled. Hollow souls, the unfortunate, lingering remains of their victims, scattered to the four winds. The man who remained wavered, his vision greying as nine pillars of pure white smoke billowed and mixed with ash fine as baby powder, carried away on the wind with their memories. His memories. His brothers and sisters… The small grey wolf he loved as his own and the bravest human he had ever known, her fragile, broken body, ravaged by newborns, draped over the thick pelt of her unmoving bronze wolf. His last thoughts were of them as his body crumpled to the trampled bed of wildflowers beneath, darkness threatening to overcome him. Not yet. Not before he remembered, bits and flashes of the hours that led him to that moment, that filled him so completely, a reflection of the few short years he spent on Earth. He remembered each minute, through shared memories coming together to form one big picture … He remembered the pack's last night together, coming together as family. His family. He saw Jacob lifting a bottle of beer in the air, the other hand wrapped securely around his Bells as she lifted hers, laughing and clinking their bottles. But Bella was worried. Nobody worried like Bella. "Jacob, be serious! There's an army of vampires headed our way." "Relax, honey," Jacob soothed. If he was worried, he didn't let on, and there were no traces of it in his voice. "The little vamp—the head case—Alice, right? She said she only saw six coming. Six, Bells! We don't even need the Cullens for that fight. Stop borrowing trouble from the future. You'll turn old and grey before your time." He buried his nose under her hair, nuzzling her throat, bathing his senses in her honey and cream scent. He smiled, his soft spot, an innate kinship with Jacob, deepening as he watched his brother try to placate his worried mate, comforting the rest of his pack as a result. They had gathered, despite the optimistic report brought to them by the fortune teller. It was customary before a battle, large or small. It was a tradition they had carved out, choosing to spend the hours leading up to dawn with each other, with family. Just in case, the same way they always did. No one could deny that this time felt different, though. Something felt off, mostly because none of them were sure how much the Cullens could be trusted any longer since Bella had chosen a life with Jacob, their family, once and for all. "You scare me when you don't take these things seriously." Setting her beer aside, Bella wrapped her arms around Jacob's neck. On the far side of the room, he pretended not to see, but the pack memories couldn't hide the gentle grip of Jacob's hands smoothing over lean flanks, his arousal buffeting in silent petition between her parted thighs. He flushed, turning his head, anything to avoid intruding on such a painfully intimate moment. One of their last. "What should we do, then, honey? Whether there are six or six hundred of them, there will always be ten of us—" "Eleven," she interrupted, her face set with determination. "You fight, I fight." He gave her a look, a 'we'll talk about that later' look before he continued, "Should we cower and pray for a miracle, Bells? Train until we're too exhausted to put up a fight in the morning? Or should we live?" Jacob asked, pressing his lips to hers, murmuring into her mouth. "I want to live—live every moment as if it could be our last. If the end comes tonight or tomorrow or in fifty years or a hundred—" He pulled away, raising his bottle again with an almost carefree smile. "Then may we all die together so we need never know what it's like to live without our brothers." Running her fingers through his short-cropped hair, Bella kissed him back, taking up her bottle and holding it aloft. She raised her voice and put on a brave face, catching and holding his gaze while her free hand cradled his jaw, "If tomorrow ends in fire—" "We should all burn together," Emily whispered, settling on Sam's knee. She lifted a glass of wine. Looking down at his own, he noticed he needed another. Someone would replace it. All he had to do was ask— He looked up, and there she was, drink in hand. Leah picked up a bottle of wine and two more glasses, carrying them to the table and settling in his lap to the surprised snorts and chuckles of the others. He was more surprised than his packmates, watching in silent wonder as she lifted a curious brow. "What do you say?" she asked. "Wanna party like it's our last night on Earth?" For a moment, he gazed into her eyes, looking for the punchline and searching for any hesitation, for the reservations he normally saw when he'd catch her staring back. Finding none, he smiled, his slow grin spreading like warm molasses in the sun. Paul swore, "This is some bullshit! I'm running over the my place to grab some booze." He glared daggers at Leah. "Are we having an end of the world bonfire or what?" "Bonfire!" the pups whooped, their excitement infectious. His attention was elsewhere, his memory unwavering, focused solely on the woman in front of him. There was nothing else because every curve, every inch of skin, and every piercing smile was the culmination of an admiration he had from afar and, in that moment, a chance of a lifetime he would be stupid to pass up. Leah's growl was a low and throaty rumble in his lap. She rose a few inches, sliding one leg across so she could straddle him comfortably, filling a wine glass without taking her eyes off him. The wine glug-glugged with a sloppy splash into the first glass. She took a sip, then offered it to him with a pleased hum. She set the other glass down, pushing it away as she hooked her free hand at the back of his neck. "We won't be needing that. Will we?" she purred, hitching her knees over his slim hips. He shook his head, tipping his chin up in petition. His hands skating up her back, he memorized every dip and luscious curve because he might never get to hold her again, never get to explore and touch so freely this woman of his dreams. She touched the glass to her lips, sipping and holding it out of reach with a teasing glint in her eyes. Bringing her lips to his, she parted them and he sipped the sweet-tart fluid from her honeyed mouth. Beside them, Quil groaned, readjusting himself in his shorts, making Sam and Kimmy laugh out loud. Bella tucked her chin under Jacob's and giggled, too. She took a sip of her fruity summer beer and did the same. Jacob took to it with enthusiasm, the way he did everything, with a zest for life unlike anyone he knew, sipping the liquid from his mate's lips with a smacking kiss. -o-O-o- He saw beauty, felt the proof of it beneath his hands and against his lips. He saw a soft, feminine smile too often hidden by hardened lines. He saw those lines fade away, revealing the warmth, the vulnerability, the love he longed for her to see herself. He felt consuming joy when she did… -o-O-o- The party moved outdoors eventually, a short clip through a path in the woods down to the water behind Sam and Emily's place. "What are you doing?" Leah asked, settling against a log a few feet away while the others frolicked on the beach and cuddled in the flickering blue-green light and shadows of the driftwood fire. She watched him, a serene tranquility in her eyes and smile, in the casual ease of her relaxed pose for the first time in too long. One finger drew light circles on the pattern of the blanket they shared. "Sketching something I don't want to forget. Didn't have a camera earlier," he said, refusing to look up from his work. His fingers gripped the charcoal, his hand sweeping in easy strokes over crisp white paper that could never hope to convey the coppery lustre of her glowing skin, the light in her eyes, or the aching beauty of one of her rare smiles. But he could try. He knew the curiosity would be killing her. "What is it?" She leaned over, trying to get a peek, her eyebrows knit in confusion. He smiled, but he didn't look up. "You." A