A/N: This first chapter was my winning entry, "Daddy's Girl No More" for Tricky Raven's anonymous 2014 Valentine's Day contest, Book of Love. It appears in my short story omnibus, Every Dog Has Its Day. Note that the pairing, rating, and genre will differ for the second chapter. Thanks to Dontcallmeleelee for the amazing banner manip. She did it months ago for me and I've been holding onto it to post until Chapter 2 came to me and refused to leave me alone until it was written. Didn't she do a beautiful job on Greaser Jake? He's hot! Blue Moon Bella is quite the babe herself. ;) Chapter 1 : Daddy's Girl No More Chapter Pairing : Michael Newton/Bella Swan/Jacob Black Chapter Rating : T/PG-13 Genre : Historical Romance/Angst Prompt : "My Boyfriend's Back" by The Angels (and a little of "I Will Follow Him" by Little Peggy March) He's been gone for such a long time, Hey-la-day-la my boyfriend's back! Now he's back and things'll be fine, Hey-la-day-la my boyfriend's back! You're gonna be sorry you were ever born, Hey-la-day-la my boyfriend's back! Cause he's kinda big and he's awful strong, Hey-la-day-la my boyfriend's back! ~"My Boyfriend's Back" by The Angels~ Chapter 1: Daddy's Girl No More Bella finished straightening her ponytail and ran her hands down the front of her teal blue boatneck sweater. She'd paired it with a teal and grey-striped circle skirt for the Dip and Dance Michael was taking her to at the school that night. It had been so long since she'd seen her boyfriend. She hoped he liked this shade of blue on her. He'd always loved her in blue. She tapped her foot to the melodious voice of Bobby Darin on the radio crooning one of her favorites, "Beyond the Sea". She was tempted to sing along. Knowing she'd be seeing her sweetheart soon made her heart feel light, but she was nervous about the evening and whether the two of them could pull this off. She couldn't bear to separated from him any longer and she knew the suffering for him was twice as terrible, compounded by worry such as it was. Her father had the best of intentions, she knew, but he'd gone about this all the wrong way. Now, he was escalating the situation by forcing her to spend time with that handsy jerk, Michael Newton, on top of everything else. Charlie thought so highly of the Newtons, with Mr. Newton owning one of the most prosperous businesses in town and Mrs. Newton, that gossipy old hag, on every committee, club, and ladies auxiliary in the county. Her father craved that kind of normalcy for her own sake, but they would never be the Newtons. They were just them, the Swans, just the two of them since Bella was a baby and her mother had taken off with her younger lover, that no-account Phil Dwyer. 'A baseball player!' Charlie had railed. He'd sworn he'd never listen to another game on the radio, but Bella caught him at it sometimes anyway. Now he was foisting her off on that no-good Newton boy all the time and it made Bella seethe. She knew what he was doing. He was trying to make her forget her love, her sweetheart; pushing her at Michael constantly, hoping she'd see something in the boy he'd chosen for her—the one he found respectable . Well, it would never happen. She would make certain of that. She took a bracing breath and reminded herself that Michael was her ticket out of this house and out from under the ever watchful eyes of her father. Whatever it took to be with her sweetheart, she would do. She turned around and looked over the items stacked in neat piles on her bed. She was only taking a week's worth of basics for now. She needed to travel light. It was going to be difficult as it was trying to get the overlarge satchel out of the house past her father. In truth, if she were just going to the Dip and Dance, she wouldn't need more than what she was wearing and a swimsuit with a towel in a beach tote if she and Michael decided to take a dip in the school pool with some of the others during the dance to cool off. Bella had no intention of wasting precious space on a swimsuit, though. She packed sturdy, serviceable clothes and shoes and one good dress. If everything went according to plan, she would probably need that dress sooner rather than later. A small smile played at the corners of her mouth at the thought of the occasion for which she intended the pretty robin's egg blue dress. She shook her head and reminded herself this was no time for wool-gathering. She needed her wits about her if she was to get through the night. She finished packing the small satchel, arranging things so it looked like she just had a jacket on top of her swimming things in the bag in case she got chilly later. Bag packed, she looked around her room, wondering if there was anything else she should take just in case she couldn't return for a long while. There were two small, silver-framed photos on her nightstand that caught her eye; one of she and her father at her Sweet Sixteen party, and one of she and her sweetheart, playing together on First Beach when they were little. Her mother had taken that picture. She kept it turned away from the door, so her father wouldn't notice it and take it away. She snatched it off the table and tucked it safely into her bag between two blouses. She heard the sound of Michael's noisy second-hand convertible rumble up the street towards her house and rolled her eyes. Honestly, who drives a convertible in Washington where it rains 350 days a year? That boy didn't have the sense of a peahen. Still, he was providing an excellent ruse to cover her escape. She had to be grateful for that. She snatched up the sheer pewter grey scarf on her dressing table and tied it around the base of her ponytail to keep the short ends from coming loose later during her getaway. At the brisk knock on the front door, she squared her shoulders, assuming a false, but bright smile and went to meet her destiny. Charlie and Michael were chatting amiably in the living room when she descended the stairs carefully in her well-loved black and white saddle shoes. As a born-clumsy girl, Bella knew well she must take her time tonight or risk ruining her plans if she became injured before He arrived. Her father looked on with pride, complimenting her smoothly, "You look lovely, tonight, Bella Marie, a real credit to your Grandmother Swan." "Thank you, Daddy," she replied with forced cheerfulness and a smile that didn't quite reach her eyes. Thankfully, Charlie wasn't the type to look much below the surface unless he had a good reason to. He may have been the Chief of Police, but he tended to trust a bit too easily, a trait that frequently came back to haunt him—Bella's mother being the best case in point. Michael was all but bouncing in place, an eager golden retriever barely held back by his collar, just waiting his turn to slobber all over her, "Evening, Bella! All ready to go then?" He pointed to her bag and Charlie looked at it suspiciously. Michael caught his look and saved her from having to stutter through a lie, "Never worry, Chief Swan! I'll keep a keen eye on her tonight in the pool. No mishaps, I promise!" "Pool?" Charlie asked. Bella dropped her eyes demurely and offered the simplest explanation she could that wouldn't force her to tell an outright lie to her father, "It's a Dip and Dance, Daddy. I can change when I get there. I have a jacket for later as well, in case I'm a bit damp when we head out after." She failed to mention which we she was referring to, but otherwise, she thought she did a bang up job of not actually lying. Charlie's mustache twitched slightly, as if he were annoyed that she'd failed to mention she was going out in a bathing suit that barely covered more than her underthings, but, in the end, he let it go for fear of being the only father in town who hadn't let his daughter go to the Dip and Dance. Surely if the school was sponsoring it, it must be on the up and up, plenty of chaperones and all, so he relented, "Very well. Be sure to have her home no later than ten o'clock, Michael." Michael's face blanched, "Umm, but sir, there's going to be a bonfire after. Some of us were going to go down to First Beach-" "No! I don't want my Bella anywhere near La Push. You hear me, boy?" Michael gulped and tried to swallow past the terror that had lodged in his throat, "Y-y-yes, s-sir! We'll come straight home, right after the dance." "See that you do," he said, then called out to her, holding an arm out, "Bella?" She knew what was expected of her, even if it was just for show for Michael's sake. (The Newtons were all terrible gossips.) She moved under her father's arm and wrapped her hands lightly around his waist, giving him what she knew could be the very last hug they ever shared. She tried to mean it, but she felt hollow inside—worried for her sweetheart, worried about the perilous situation she now found herself in. She desperately wanted to love her father like she once had, but his attitude about the current state of affairs had become untenable and he'd forced her to choose. Choose, she had. Her boyfriend was coming back for her. She would follow him to the ends of the earth if that was what he asked. Bella thought she would go mad if she had to slap Michael Newton's hands away from her rear one more time before the night was over. They'd been at the dance for more than an hour and her sweetheart was nowhere to be seen. She was beginning to worry, but she couldn't let her guard down or become lax or less vigilant about keeping Michael at bay. She suspected someone had spiked the punch. He was more determined than ever to grab her wherever he could. She swore he'd grown six spare arms in the hour and a half since he picked her up at home, all of them intent on one goal—grabbing her derriere. She kept him firmly at arms' length to avoid his slobbering mouth, but she couldn't do much about his wandering hands without letting go, which would only give him room to get closer. She wriggled uncomfortably away from one wandering hand, barking a sharp reprimand that had little effect. She was getting desperate, almost on the verge of slapping the groping lecher when she felt a familiar searing warmth next to her hand on Michael's shoulder. She peered around his big, bucket-head into the amused and somehow equally annoyed eyes of Leah Clearwater. "Oh, thank goodness," she whispered, her shoulders sagging in relief. Leah smirked and asked in a put-on simpering voice for Michael's benefit, "May I cut in?" Bella nodded enthusiastically, stepping back to allow the black-clad, native bombshell to take her place. Leah was stunning in the raven's black—an off-the shoulder sweater that was tighter than anything Bella had ever dared to wear in public or private, a slim, satin pencil skirt that hugged her generous curves, and a pair of skyscraper black heels in shiny patent leather. Her hair was pinned with a red silk flower and swept up in a sleek coiffure that bared much of her exquisite caramel shoulders and invited men to their doom.