Ties. Hello everyone. This is the first time I actually got the courage to write for Lord of the Rings. I mean, it's such a grand thing… I came to this while writing my actual fanfic. I thought to keep it in my head until my fanfic got to this point and then perhaps using it in it, but this plot bunny wouldn't leave me alone…so I'll upload this first. ^^ I really hope you'll enjoy yourself reading this. Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings or anything of Middle-Earth. They were moving to Meduseld, to live with their uncle King Théoden. The sun stroke their faces gently, as a chilly breeze flew past. Eowyn sat behind her brother on a horse. He'd been unyielding of riding himself, and taking the safety of his sister for his account, no matter how much the soldiers had told him they'd take care of them. It occurred to most of them that the young lad had lost his faith ever since his mother died, in pursuit of her husband whom she loved more than anyone had ever imagined. It was sad for the wintered soldiers and men of Rohan to see such a beauty be fed to death. Not only that, but the fair Théodwyn had also been living for her children before the terrible news of the passing of Lord Eomund came to her ears. From that moment on, the fair Lady had been unable to defeat her own grief, for she loved her husband more than she loved life itself. That had manifested in her getting ill swiftly after her husband had fallen. Soon, her health deteriorated, death taking her on swift wings toward the lands of nothingness. Even having two children didn't give Théodwyn enough to live on for, even if they were both strong willed and reminded everyone of their parents. For the character of Eomund was ever present in them. Not only his strong will, all-seeing eyes and unyielding will. But also his rashness and the failing of reasoning when the moment struck them head on. Eomer and Eowyn had both. From the moment their father had come to pass they had taken quick strides to becoming grown-ups, especially the young Eomer, who now felt responsible for not only him, but also his sister and the Eastfold. Something that wasn't his burden to carry, yet. More times than they could count the soldiers had tried to help him in various situations, from saddling his pony, to carrying them both when they became tired. But Eomer, who was a stubborn child and proved to be even more stubborn when he would grow up was adamant, not giving up any of his responsibilities that were honestly speaking overrunning him. It was not his burden to carry yet. For he was too young. Eleven years is too young an age to take the safety of his kin upon him. And so, for as long as the travel went, the soldiers could only curse under their breath every time Eomer would decline their offerings of help. And the thing that worried them was that Eowyn wouldn't protest either. She sat behind her brother, small arms tightly wrapped around his waist, face hard and cold. Gamling recognised rulers when he saw them, and the radiance of strength coming from these two youngsters gave him a kick to the gut. Eowyn didn't mutter a word. Whether it was because she was unable to speak because of pain, or because she was lost in the looks of her own future and that of her brother he didn't know. One thing was sure: They were struck hardly by the way their mother had departed. Perhaps even feel left out, lost to the world with no more place to go. "Eomer?" Eowyn softly spoke up to her brother in a whisper. "Yes, Eowyn?" he asked, not turning to watch her. "Have you seen my blanket?" "Are you cold?" he asked, immediately thinking of letting a soldier give off his cloak to his sister. "No, my blanket." she urged, voice slightly growing stronger, but also more emotional. "Ah, that. It must be in one of our trunks, that the servants are carrying." "Are you sure?" "Eowyn, it's not the time to worry over such a thing." he sighed. Eowyn immediately dropped all words she was about to speak, realising she should wait and keep the tears of fear, stinging harshly behind her eyelids at bay. A few days later they were welcomed at Edoras in the Golden Hall of Meduseld. And even though the two children were grateful, everyone and especially the kind king and his son saw they were troubled and deeply hurt by all that had come to pass in such a short period of time. "Welcome." Théoden spoke as he lay eyes upon the children of his sister. He knelt before them, laying a comforting hand on their shoulder, and regarded them intently. "Welcome." he repeated "Feel at home." he stood up again, still regarding the two orphans whom he was going to raise as he had decided. His youngest sister had been very dear to him, and her passing had taken him by surprise, for she was such a strong woman. Looking at the two in front of him reminded him of her and his brother in law. "Let's eat." he said at a loss of what else he could say. He was sure they were starving, for they had come a long way, and the trek hadn't been divided into much smaller ones. Only a few times had they gotten to rest, for the threat of orcs was still upon them. Théodred, who had been standing behind his father the whole time, watched his cousins with great interest and a warm smile. He knew the fate that had befallen them, and sympathised with them, for he had also lost his mother. And even though he had never known her, for she had died giving birth to him, he sometimes felt that he missed something. So how much worse did it have to be for these two, who had known and loved not only their mother, but also their father. For them to have been taken away like they were… He walked up the table and pulled out a chair, motioning for them to come. Eomer took the seat next to the one he was offering, for he wanted Eowyn to sit there. She had to learn how to act like a shieldmaiden anyway. Their father may have been easy on her in that part of her education, but he wouldn't. Not now that he was responsible. Théodred pulled up an eyebrow, but kept his words at bay and helped his cousin sit down. All was quiet for a long while until -very softly- Eowyn spoke up. "Have our bags arrived?" she asked without looking up. "Yes." Théoden replied with a warm smile, and Eowyn would never forget how she could also hear that warmth in his voice. That voice would always remain a kind one to her ears for the rest of her life. "Did they unpack?" she asked, daring to look up at Théoden, her mothers brother. "I'm not sure…" he wondered aloud before calling: "Gamling?" "Yes, my Lord?" the older man asked. "Did they already unpack their things?" "I'll go check on it." "We'll wait for the answer." Théoden said. "But in the meantime, eat. You need to eat, for you have travelled a long way. Eomer couldn't help but feel the inquisitive look his cousin was giving him. "What is it?" he asked, slightly startling Théodred. "Nothing, I was just wondering how old you were, for it seems my memory is letting me down." "I'm eleven." Eomer replied looking straight into the man's eyes. "Eleven. So I was right." Théodred mumbled. "Then may I tell you that you look older than your years give you?" he smiled while saying this. "You may." Eomer replied. And he couldn't help but feel slightly proud. Gamling returned right when the conversation was seemingly stopping. He whispered into Théoden's ears. "Eowyn." he spoke. She looked up at him, grey eyes inquiring, yet careful. "It seems everything has been unpacked in your quarters." Her eyes seemed to light up with this news. Before she had the chance to speak up Théodred spoke: "I'll show you your room later on." She turned to her cousin and smiled kindly, nodding her head in respect at which his smile faltered. "You both act above your age." he noted, his expression sad. For Théodred was a kind man, and seeing children, his kin, going through this hardships did not only make his heart sink at the sight, but also set aflame the hate he carried for the orcs and wildmen that were the cause of it. He felt it in his blood and limbs that it would soon be time to go to war again. To defend their borders and with it their people. So that children may live with their parents instead of without. So that young maidens knew what it was like to fall in love, without having to fear their loved one would be stolen away. So that old people wouldn't have to fear they'd have to leave the house again, only to find it burned down, knowing they no longer had the strength to rebuild it on their own. So that death would stay at their doorstep for a while longer, and not among them. He had ridden out with that purpose many a time. And he would do it again and again, if it was to see his desires for his kingdom and his people fulfilled. Later that night -as he had promised- Théodred showed them their quarters. Eowyn was pleased, while Eomer felt the sting of knowing this was to become their home, while he had been set on his house at the Eastfold. Théodred left them afterward, realising they had to put a lot of thoughts in order, to be ready for what was to come. Both of them needed it. And he was not yet certain he knew which of the two needed that alone time more. Eomer, or Eowyn. They had both seen horror few have to live through. For it wasn't the most normal that an illness came over someone over grief for the lost. Such things were rare for the people of Rohan were known to be strong willed, and full of life. Barbarians, they had often been told, and sometimes even Théodred wondered if that wasn't what they actually were. But at those times he'd always shake his head in denial. No, they were rough and tough, never letting the enemy see their weakness as they often laughed in the face of despair and let their rage run through their veins willingly as they went to battle. But barbarians, they were not. For no real barbarian would be deemed worthy by a horse. For horses were noble and strong animals, never forgetting the wrongs someone would do, but rejoicing in good things they saw. In those moments, as Théodred wondered over these things, he knew what they were doing was right. As Eomer lay on his bed that night, he wondered about practically everything. His mind raced from how he was to become a fine soldier, to how he had to act in court, now that he was very much in it, and even how he had to make sure his pony was still his. He turned on his side, trying to stop the useless fretting, for he knew well enough worrying wouldn't do them any good. His mind was stopped when he heard a light knocking on the door. "Come in." he called, voice strong and full of confidence. Slowly Eowyn came through the barely opened door. She wore her white nightgown, with her short shoulder length golden hair in one elegant braid. "What's