Dear Diary, I don't even know why I'm writing this. If he finds out I'll be in trouble. But I had some free paper and… even if it's not much, every small bit of rebellion I do counts. Who is this he that I referred to? Well, it's my brother-Avon Jackson. Unlike what you're probably thinking, my brother doesn't hate me. He… he loves me too much. He's obsessed with me. He's overly possessive, loving, protective… Normally I wouldn't have minded. But 'normal' doesn't apply here. Avon… He's crazy. I wish I knew where it started-this obsession of his towards me. But that's when I know- that's when I remember he's always been that way. It just became more pronounced until this. My captivity. It all started the day I accidentally vaporized my pre-algebra teacher. Look, I didn't want to be a half-blood. To me, being a half blood was the start to all my problems-the reason I'm stuck alone in my room with only Avon's company. Now, even if I my brother didn't exist, I would still say that being a half-blood is dangerous. It's scary. Most of the time, it gets you killed in painful, nasty ways. If you're a normal kid, reading this because you think it's fiction, great. Read on. I envy you for being able to believe that none of this ever happened. But if you recognize yourself in these pages-if you feel something stirring inside-stop reading immediately. You might be one of us. And once you know that, it's only a matter of time before they sense it too, and they'll come for you. So please, if you do recognise something in you, close the book immediately. Burn it, rip it, do anything. Just forget about this book. Because being a half-blood isn't all that great. It's not all fun and games you know. You get hurt, others get hurt. Friends die… There's nothing great about being a half-blood. You get cool powers if you're lucky-but then, who cares? Your powers can't bring back a dead friend-restore them to life instead of a pale husk of what they once was. But if you're going to keep reading… Don't say I didn't warn you. I did, and that's the only warning you're going to get. My name is Percy Jackson. I'm twelve years old. Until a few months ago, I was a boarding student along with my brother at Yancy Academy, a private school for troubled kids in upstate New York. Am I a troubled kid? Yeah, you could say that though my brother would probably disagree. Why do I say that I'm a troubled kid anyway? Well, I could start at any point in my short miserable life to prove it, but things really started going bad last May, when our sixth-grade class took a field trip to Manhattan- twenty-eight mental-case kids and two teachers on a yellow school bus, heading to the Metropolitan Museum of Art to look at ancient Greek and Roman stuff. I know-it sounds like torture. Most Yancy field trips were. But Mr. Brunner, our Latin teacher, was leading this trip, so I had hopes. Mr. Brunner was this middle-aged guy in a motorized wheelchair. He had thinning hair and a scruffy beard and a frayed tweed jacket, which always smelled like coffee. You wouldn't think he'd be cool, but he told stories and jokes and let us play games in class. He also had this awesome collection of Roman armor and weapons, so he was the only teacher whose class didn't put me to sleep. I hoped the trip would be okay. At least, I hoped that for once I wouldn't get in trouble. Boy, was I wrong. See, bad things happen to me on field trips. Like at my fifth-grade school, when we went to the Saratoga battlefield, I had this accident with a Revolutionary War cannon. I wasn't aiming for the school bus, but of course I got expelled anyway. And before that, at my fourth-grade school, when we took a behind the-scenes tour of the Marine World shark pool, I sort of hit the wrong lever on the catwalk and our class took an unplanned swim. And the time before that... Well, you get the idea. This trip, I was determined to be good. But as usual, something bad just had to happen to me. All the way through the city, I had to put up with Nancy Bobofit, the freckly, redheaded kleptomaniac girl, hitting my good friend Grover in the back of the head with chunks of peanut butter-and-ketchup sandwich. Grover was an easy target. He was scrawny. He cried when he got frustrated. He must've been held back several grades, because he was the only sixth grader with acne and the start of a wispy beard on his chin. On top of all that, he was crippled. He had a note excusing him from PE for the rest of his life because he had some kind of muscular disease in his legs. He walked funny, like every step hurt him, but don't let that fool you. You should've seen him run when it was enchilada day in the cafeteria. Anyway, Nancy Bobofit was throwing wads of sandwich that stuck in his curly brown hair, and she knew I couldn't do anything back to her because I was already on probation. The headmaster had threatened me with death by in-school suspension if anything bad, embarrassing, or even mildly entertaining happened on this trip. "I'm going to kill her," I mumbled. Preparing to stand up, I was pulled back to my seat by my brother. "Percy… You can't afford to get expelled or suspended." "But she's throwing peanut butter at Grover!" "So?" "But-" "NO." In retrospect, I should have realised there was something wrong about my brother. He wasn't just overprotective-he was a sociopath, someone who cared for none but himself… and me. Perhaps it was denial. Denial to see my brother as insane. Or perhaps I was just blind. But it seems like I'll never know now. Afterall, I'm stuck in a cage and my brother is my jailor. Soon we reached the museum. Alighting from the bus, we stood in front of the museum. Mr. Brunner led the museum tour. He rode up front in his wheelchair, guiding us through the big echoey galleries, past marble statues and glass cases full of really old black-and-orange pottery. It blew my mind that this stuff had survived for two thousand, three thousand years. He gathered us around a thirteen-foot-tall stone column with a big sphinx on the top, and started telling us how it was a grave marker, a stele, for a girl about our age. He told us about the carvings on the sides. I was trying to listen to what he had to say, because it was kind of interesting, but everybody around me was talking, and every time I told them to shut up, the other teacher chaperone, Mrs. Dodds, would give me the evil eye. Mrs. Dodds was this little math teacher from Georgia who always wore a black leather jacket, even though she was fifty years old. She looked mean enough to ride a Harley right into your locker. She had come to Yancy halfway through the year, when our last math teacher had a nervous breakdown. From her first day, Mrs. Dodds loved Nancy Bobofit and figured I was devil spawn. She would point her crooked finger at me and say, "Now, honey," real sweet, and I knew I was going to get after-school detention for a month. One time, after she'd made me erase answers out of old math workbooks until midnight, I told Grover I didn't think Mrs. Dodds was human. He looked at me, real serious, and said, "You're absolutely right." Mr. Brunner kept talking about Greek funeral art. Finally, Nancy Bobofit snickered something about the naked guy on the stele, and I turned around and said, "Will you shut up?" It came out louder than I meant it to. The whole group laughed before stopping abruptly as my brother glared at them. Mr. Brunner stopped his story. "Mr. Jackson," he said, "did you have a comment?" My face was totally red. I said, "No, sir." Mr. Brunner pointed to one of the pictures on the stele. "Perhaps you'll tell us what this picture represents?" I looked at the carving, and felt a flush of relief, because I actually recognized it. "That's Kronos eating his kids, right?" "Yes," Mr. Brunner said, obviously not satisfied. "And he did this because ..." "Well..." I racked my brain to remember. "Kronos was the king god, and-" "Titan." whispered my brother from behind me. "Oh, titan," I changed my answer grateful for my brother's help. "And ... he didn't trust his kids, who were the gods. So, um, Kronos ate them, right? But his wife hid baby Zeus, and gave Kronos a rock to eat instead. And later, when Zeus grew up, he tricked his dad, Kronos, into barfing up his brothers and sisters-" "Eeew!" said one of the girls behind me. "-and so there was this big fight between the gods and the Titans," I continued, "and the gods won." Some snickers from the group. Behind me, Nancy Bobofit mumbled to a friend, "Like we're going to use this in real life. Like it's going to say on our job applications, 'Please explain why Kronos ate his kids.'" "And why, Mr. Jackson," Brunner said, "to paraphrase Miss Bobofit's excellent question, does this matter in real life?" "Busted," Grover muttered. "Shut up," Nancy hissed, her face even brighter red than her hair. At least Nancy got packed, too. Mr. Brunner was the only one who ever caught her saying anything wrong. He had radar ears. I opened my mouth about to answer the question when my brother cut in. "It teaches not to repeat the same mistake-that we should treasure our family or risk them fighting against us and killing us. And if the legends-the stories are real, well, we'll be more prepared won't we." Looking back at his answer, I should have been worried back then. 'Treasure our family or risk them fighting against us and killing us?' So this was his answer. To treasure his family-me, in order to prevent me from possibly killing him in the future? Or perhaps he intended to do this at first until he began to care? But it seems I'll never know. To ask him that would be comparable to asking to get hurt. "I see." Mr. Brunner looked perturbed. "Interesting answer Avon Jackson. As for Perseus, Zeus did indeed feed Kronos a mixture of mustard and wine, which made him disgorge his other five children, who, of course, being immortal gods, had been living and growing up completely undigested in the Titan's stomach. The gods defeated their father, sliced him to pieces with his own scythe, and scattered his remains in Tartarus, the darkest part of the Underworld. On that happy note, it's time for lunch. Mrs. Dodds, would you lead us back outside?" The class drifted off, the girls holding their stomachs, the guys pushing each other around and acting like doofuses. My brother and I were about to leave when Mr. Brunner called me back. Turning around, I told my brother to leave first. "Perseus, about my question. You must learn the answer to my question," Mr. Brunner told me. "About the Titans?" "About real life. And how your studies apply to it." "Oh." "What you learn from me," he said, "is vitally important. I expect you to treat it as such. I will accept only the best from you, Percy Jackson." I wanted to get angry, this guy pushed me so hard. I mean, sure, it was kind of cool on tournament days, when he dressed up in a suit of Roman armor and shouted: "What ho!'" and challenged us, sword-point against chalk, to run to the board and