MPREG, MPREG, MPREG! This story features MPREG ! You might HATE this kind of story; that is certainly your right (there are types of stories out there that I'm not particularly fond of either). If that is the case, your computer comes with this handy little thing called a BACK BUTTON , which will assist you in your NOT READING this. I don't need e-mails from anyone suggesting that I need BIOLOGY LESSONS (they've been taken and I got A's, thank you). Men can't get pregnant in real life, but this ISN'T REAL LIFE (hence the name fan fiction ). And since it's safe to assume that none of you are God, you don't have the information or right to judge me as IMMORAL . I'm posting this story; it's entirely YOUR DECISION whether or not you actually read it. If someone is making you read this against your will, hatch an ESCAPE PLAN ; and remember that I won't be so inclined to help you out with that if you flame me. Title : What the Future May Hold Author : ak-stinger Disclaimer : I own nothing outright except for my DVD collection, a fish, a hamster, and a kitten; and three of those things cost me money instead of making it for me. Needless to say, I don't own anything associated with The Lord of the Rings except for my copies of the books and DVD's. Heck, if you have information that says that I'm somehow a part of J.R.R. Tolkien's estate or Peter Jackson et al, let me know. Rating : M (to be on the safe side) Summary : Almost thirteen years have passed since the end of What Love Brought Into Being and Aragorn and Legolas' family has grown. Now their eldest child, son Eldarion, stands between his childhood and the responsibilities of adulthood that loom ahead as his thirteenth birthday draws near. When a threat from the past threatens the future, how will he respond? Will Legolas, Aragorn, and their family and friends be able to sort through the confusion and clues before it's too late? Warnings : MPREG (if this shocks and/or disgusts you in any way, please scroll up and read that first paragraph). SLASH (of the Aragorn/Legolas variety). AU (Aragorn and Legolas are happily married and Arwen never existed). CHILD ENDANGERMENT (in later chapters). If something listed here is unacceptable to you, please do us both a favor and hit the back button now. Feedback : I welcome positive feedback, be it praise or constructive criticism. Actually, I really enjoy getting reviews; but I promise that I won't beg for them or threaten not to post chapters until I get a certain number of them. Flames, however, are not welcome at all – I will delete them from my e-mail immediately and from my story's review history if possible. If you dislike my story so much that you don't plan on reading any more of it, that's fine; but save the energy it would take to let me know just what you're planning because, really, if you're not going to read the story I don't care what you think. I will think, though, that you're a pathetic, clueless moron. A/N : The more familiar characters – Legolas, Aragorn, and the like – will be showing up, for the most part, in the next chapter and they'll be main characters. I just wanted to establish how much time had passed and the new relationships between the children before plunging in. And now the saga continues with…the story! The long branches that surrounded the young but valiant – 'no, make that most fearless ever ' – warrior were, in his mind, both a curse and a blessing. They did the job of cloaking him from unfriendly eyes but also got in his way. Every time he had to move one of them out of his line of vision to assess the situation before him, their creaks and wisps echoed horribly in his pointed ears. If he was to be heard before he could carry out his mission…. He fingered the trusty sword at his side and resolutely shook his head. He would not fail; not when she was depending on him. Moving one particularly leafy tree limb, he was able to see them once again: the beautiful maiden, her jester, and the terrible creature that was holding them captive. He silently commended the maiden for the impeccable control she had over her fear; she'd always been a brave person, of course, but he knew from personal experience that the beast in whose company she'd been so cruelly placed was more ghastly than the balrog of campfire fables and the Enemy that people still whispered about with muted fear combined . His resolve solidified even more when the creature once again showed of its instruments of torture and the maiden did her best to hide her wince. Even some the bravest warriors hadn't been able to withstand such torment; he could only hope that he would get to her before it was too late. It didn't help matters that she was essentially alone too. The jester, who'd had so much potential to be an all-right person or even a warrior himself, had unfortunately been quite taken with the creature for as long as anyone could remember. It revolted him how that stupid jester would follow the beast around, offering it daisies and other such flowers even as it delighted in pestering the maiden and tormenting the warrior. Now, instead of remaining loyal – as he should have been – to the trapped maiden he was sitting right next to it , patting its instruments of torture as if they, well, precious babies. A bead of sweat trickled down one side of the warrior's face as he pushed aside the rest of the branches in his way as stealthily as he could while remaining in a position that still kept him almost completely hidden. He fought the urge to wipe it away. 'If you move now, it'll make a big, huge noise and they'll see you,' he reminded himself sternly. 'You're a warrior and you can handle this.' Still, he wished with all of his might that the event that led to his current predicament hadn't happened that day. It was incredibly hot that summer, one of the hottest even according to the longest of memories, and that day was the hottest of them yet. The closeness of the air in his hiding place made it all the more worse for the warrior – there was not a part of him that was dry. His sweaty hair stuck to the side of his face, tickling it at the worst of times, and his clothing was so wet that it clung to his slight ( 'but bulging with muscles soon enough' ) frame. The humidity that hung in the air made the heat sticky and even more unbearable – a fitting state of things, the warrior mused, if he was correct about what would happen after that event taking place not too far off was over. The warrior shook his head and ordered himself to concentrate. There was nothing, absolutely nothing, that he could do to advert the catastrophes that were bound to happen; because of that. Such a power had never been in his control; he could only hope that he would be strong enough to endure the years ahead of him of minimizing the damage. It was better for him to focus on the task at hand – something that he could most definitely make right – and worry about the future when it became the present. He knew from stories and lessons that too many that had come before him had never learned that lesson; it had led them to ruin but the warrior knew better than to repeat their mistakes. There! He grinned to himself as the horrible beast, captive maiden, and besotted jester switched positions. Now the creature was in a much more vulnerable position. 'Probably thinks that it's safe,' he thought smugly. 'That I'm all tied up with my other boring duties and not able to stop this fiendish plot.' The jester was still dangerously close to the line of fire but the warrior didn't care all that much; perhaps what was about to happen would finally knock some sense into him. Best of all, the maiden was in a position to fully witness the heroics of the warrior – maybe it would be enough to impress her in a way that had proved elusive until then. 'This is going to be easy and victory will be so sweet.' Ever so carefully, the warrior crept out of the brush and, keeping as close to the ground as possible, crawled over the lush carpet of grass to where the trio sat. Dimly, he wondered if the creator of the majestic garden knew that when he placed that bench among the gorgeous trees and colorful flowers that something so awful would be happening on it. None of that mattered right then, though; he could ask questions later, once he'd put en end to the beast's terrible reign. He wasn't going to be a better opportunity than this: but some miracle of Elbereth and the rest of the Valar, the creature appeared to be so preoccupied with smiling annoyingly at the maiden and bossing the jester around that the warrior was going completely unnoticed. This was his chance and he was going to take it. Pausing only to draw his sword he made it to right behind the bench in question. Thank Elbereth that the backs of the beast and the traitorous jester were still to him! Raising himself up into a squat, he positioned the sword in his hands. Then, as the tension and anticipation that had been swelling within him since the mission began came to a boiling point, he sprang to his feet with his fine weapon raised above his head in a two-handed fighting stance. "I smite thee, beast of Minas Tirith!" he shouted importantly before bringing the sword down to connect with the creature's head. Many things happened at once in response to this declaration. The beast let loose and unearthly – and rather girly – shriek and threw itself to one side before the warrior had the chance to strike it. The creature happened to move in the same direction that the jester sat. The boy, however, had been moving toward his supposed beloved in an attempt to pull it out of harm's way. They collided and stumbled clumsily to the ground; with the instruments of torture scattering around then, the jester pinned and filthy, and the beast's dress twisted up around its thighs revealing its bare feet. In the midst of all of the confusion, the beautiful captive maiden looked at the warrior and their eyes locked. His breath caught in his throat at the fiery look he perceived there. Was she finally going to profess her undying devotion to him? Her mouth opened and he leaned forward in anticipation of finally hearing the words that he'd been waiting for… "Eldarion Telcontar! What in the name of the Valar to do you think you're doing?" OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Just a few minutes before the prince of Gondor's mean (but admittedly amusing) sneak attack, Findowyn, the seventeen-year-old daughter of the Steward Faramir and Lady Eowyn, was trying desperately to keep her mind on whatever it was that five-year-old Laurelin was prattling on about this time. Oh, how she wished that her mother hadn't stuck her with this baby-sitting duty! She'd tried to appeal to that part of Eowyn who was still the young woman who'd rather sneak into battle than hide in the relative safety of her uncle's palace, but Eowyn had only shaken her head knowingly. 'There are times when the situation is so dire that one must put aside mundane duties in order to do what's right,'