Title : What is Expected of Stars Author : ak-stinger Rating : K+ Disclaimer : I'm a woman in my mid-twenties - I don't even look like J.R.R. Tolkien or Peter Jackson, who actually own The Lord of the Rings . Don't sue me; the only thing you'll get are my enormous student loan debts and I'll happily turn those over to whoever wants to pay them. Summary : A supplement to What is Meant to Be , What Love Brought Into Being , and What Dreams Can Tell Us . This is about Legolas' childhood, how he came to be known as the Sun Star, and how he and his father dealt with it (a crappy summary, I know, but to the point). Warnings : While it's not prevalent here, the entire series is SLASH . Some might also interpret some creepy undertones between the messengers and Legolas, but let me assure you that the way they feel about him is entirely chaste. There is also one POSSIBLY OBJECTIONAL WORD . Author's Notes : As I mentioned before, this is a supplement to a series I've written. Since this story takes place before the action in the other stories you'll probably be fine if you read this without reading those (though I always welcome new readers to all of my stories). I'm terrible at gauging this type of thing, though, so be warned. Author's Notes, Part Two : This was meant to be a one-shot, but it got too long; now it's a two-parter. I'll get the second half out in a week (possibly sooner). Reviews : I welcome praise and constructive criticism; I will not, however, beg for those reviews or withhold the conclusion until I get a certain number of them. I appreciate those who take the time to read my story and review. I do not appreciate those who flame. If you find you don't like my story, please do us both a favor and hit the back button whenever you realize this. All that happens when you flame is I take a second to ponder how pathetic you are if the only way you can feel important is to insult strangers, another second to roll my eyes, and then I delete it from my e-mail. If it's within my power, I also remove the flame from my story's review history the next time I go to Just save the two of us some time and don't bother. Now I present…the story! It was only the middle of the morning and already Legolas Greenleaf was having a spectacular day. 'It's about time, too,' he thought resolutely as he dashed into his father's cavern palace one excellent morning. 'It's been downright awful around here for so long.' That wasn't exactly a fair evaluation; one would think that the prince of Mirkwood had been enduring plagues, famine, and sieges for months on end instead just having to put up with a slightly more distracted father for the last week or so. For Legolas, however, not having Thranduil's undivided attention at least a couple of times a day was not only unusual, it was miserable. The king had been sufficiently distracted with the coming of two messengers from Rivendell – enough so that he'd even allowed their special times together to be constantly (in the eyes of the young elfling) interrupted. Legolas scoffed under his breath; what could be so special about a couple of strangers? If something terrible was happening or about to happen, wouldn't Lord Elrond or even Mithrandir come themselves? The twins, Elladan and Elrohir, weren't even tagging along with the messengers, making the entire situation even more inexcusable to the elfling. That morning, though, had been more like the ones that had come before Thranduil got so busy with the messenger nonsense. He'd requested that the cook make Legolas' absolute favorite breakfast, complete with some watermelon from storage even though it was out of season and therefore a very precious commodity. This had made the princeling a little nervous and he feared that his ada was just doing this to make up for the fact that he wouldn't be able to see him at all that day. The fear proved unfounded; not only had Thranduil joined him but he'd also made it clear that no one was supposed to disturb them unless an army of orcs, spiders, or the Enemy himself was attacking the realm. The time had been spent most pleasantly with father and son catching up on all that had been happening in each other's lives. Thranduil had even congratulated Legolas on the distance he'd gotten when he spit his watermelon seeds instead of scolding him. Breakfast had been easily enough to make it the best day he'd ever have in his whole life (or so Legolas believed; he couldn't imagine how anything else could even compare with it), but it kept getting better and better over the course of the morning. After bidding his father goodbye Legolas had gone outside and had been pleased to find that the weather was just perfect for his archery lesson. Then at his lesson – one of his favorite parts of any day – he'd not only hit one of the most difficult bull's-eyes on the field but also all of his bulls-eyes. His tutor had called it "astounding," which was more praise than most of his pupils got during their whole trainings. He'd felt it necessary to warn the prince not to get too 'cocky' – a word that that the elf had assumed that Legolas was familiar with – but then said that if Legolas continued to perform and improve at his current rate he would probably become one of the finest archers in the history of Mirkwood. This news excited the elfling to no end; since he was going to be the best warrior that Middle-earth had ever seen and being the best archer in Mirkwood would undoubtedly help him along to that goal. Then had come a short break, followed by his sword-fighting lesson. Now this was usually where the day went downhill; Legolas considered that particular weapon to be too bulky and clumsy, unlike the beautiful white knives that he could twirl so easily despite his instructor's terrified insistence that he shouldn't do that, and not as efficient as his glorious arrows. It had been particularly difficult to concentrate that morning since he was still basking in the glow of the news that he was going to be the best archer ever. After several minutes of trying to get his pupil to stand still long enough to listen to instructions, the hapless elf had admitted defeat and excused the young princeling for the rest of the lesson. He'd said something about making up the time at their next session but both teacher and student had known that it was an empty promise – the poor instructor could barely handle a bored Legolas for the normal amount of time as it was. The early dismissal had given Legolas the unexpected but certainly not unwelcome opportunity to go swimming and he gladly took it. In fact, he'd been so excited that he'd omitted going back to his chambers to get proper swimming attire or just stripping down to nothing and instead had run into the pleasantly cool water of a nearby river fully clothed. As he dove underwater for the umpteenth time to look for some shiny rocks that might make his father happy, he got to thinking about Thranduil and how his day might be going. They'd both had a wonderful breakfast, but Legolas had gotten to go outside and do archery and swim while his poor ada had to stay inside with two boring messengers from Rivendell who weren't the twins. At that moment the elf prince decided to go and fetch his father; after all, he was the king – why shouldn't he be able to go swimming in the middle of the day with his son if he wanted to? That was the reason why Legolas was racing through the corridors of the palace, following the familiar path to his father's closed study door, when a voice that came out of nowhere startled him more than pride would ever allow him to admit. "Prince Legolas!" scolded Galion, the king's butler. "What?" asked Legolas impatiently and not at all politely. He really didn't want to speak to Galion right now. Knowing the butler's stuffy nature, he was probably planning on telling him that his ada was very busy at the moment and it wouldn't be a good idea to interrupt him now. Galion wasn't the type of elf who knew how important having fun was. "I don't care about how important this secret message is supposed to be, or about secret meetings, or any of it! If any of this was so important, why isn't Lord Elrond here – can you explain that? No, Galion; all of this silliness has gone on long enough. My ada needs to have some fun in his life again and I'm going in there to make sure that he gets it!" "You are dripping water everywhere," Galion informed him in a tone that might have been cold if it weren't for the touch of amusement in it. Secretly he shared the prince's point-of-view concerning the vitality of the message and the toll worrying about it had taken on the king but none of that changed the fact that the corridor had been mopped recently and now would need it again. Oops. Legolas glanced down at the puddle around his feet and then down the path he'd just taken. Sure enough, there was a small stream that would have led back to the grass outside had anyone cared to follow it. "I'm sorry," apologized the elfling sheepishly. "I didn't mean to – you know I didn't mean to." "You didn't decide to just jump in some water before coming in here, did you?" asked the butler in a long-suffering tone that made it clear that he wouldn't put such an act past the rambunctious prince. "No," answered Legolas defensively before the memory of where he had come from made him look down and dig one toe into the floor. "I mean I guess I did, but not like that. It's just that I got to go swimming and I didn't have a towel or a blanket or anything with me." "And it was impossible for you to return to the palace to retrieve any of these items?" pressed Galion doubtfully, cocking one eyebrow. "How did you find the time to go swimming and attend both your archery lesson and your sword lesson?" "I didn't have to stay at my sword lesson the entire time," replied Legolas in a very important voice. "I was so good at my archery lesson – just ask! – that my sword instructor decided that I didn't need to learn anything more today." Galion had the sneaking suspicion that the prince's reaction to his splendid archery lesson was more the reason why his sword instructor gave up the good fight for today. He shuddered inwardly, not envying that poor elf's task at all. Still, he decided to let that part be in; there seemed to be something more pertinent to address. "So you decided to use your free time to go swimming," he noted. Legolas nodded happily and Galion narrowed his eyes. "Alone?" The elfling was wishing that that he'd never run into Galion now more than ever. Not only was the butler going to get him into trouble but he was also really sucking all of the enjoyment out of his day! "Yes," admitted Legolas begrudgingly. "But nothing happened –" "This time," interrupted Galion sternly. "Your highness, you are getting older; too old, I must say, to make such foolish decisions and then try to excuse your inappropriate behavior. You know as well as I do that you are not