A/N: Happy Holidays everyone!It's been too long since I've published something and I love stories where Paul finds out about demigods and monsters—anything with mortals finding out really—but these types of stories often follow a formula. So I decided to change up that pattern. Slight AU. Enjoy :D Illusion Shattered Paul turned his Prius sedately into Goode's parking lot, the stench of new asphalt in his nose, the hyper-active chatter of a new student in the passenger-side, an old homeless woman in front of his Prius. Tires screamed as his foot jammed the breaks; hands wrenched the steering wheel right. The car slid sideways to a stop too late, knocking the poor woman over. Paul ripped his seat-belt off and threw open the door. "Ma'am are you okay?" "Uh…sir?" Leo asked hesitantly. Paul looked up. They were surrounded by students and school staff. Were some of them cos-playing? The elderly woman picked herself up easily and joined the group, blocking off any escape. A cheerleader stepped forward, nudging Paul with a gun. "This is school property," Paul blurted. "Get back in and drive." "Leo," Paul motioned to the passenger door, "Get out." "He stays," the inappropriately armed teen ordered. Paul remembered the cheerleader last-year. Fire-bomber. He slid back into his car and drove in a chilled sweat. Sally fumbled briefly with the doorknob, plastic handles digging in her palms. Her son's raised voice echoed from inside. "Luke's forces have been spotted in half-a-dozen different places all over the city. "It looks random," A husky female voice pointed out. "It's not," Annabeth declared. "The underground," a younger voice. Sally twisted the doorknob and shoved. Steely glares pinned her the second she set foot in the apartment. The mother sadly laid her groceries down. Percy and his fellow campers could have been gaming to normal eyes but Sally's stare pierced the comforting illusion. She saw the scars on flesh and armor from claws and swords alike. Blood. A scattering of open wounds. Nothing too serious. Unsheathed weapons gleaming as though gore had been freshly wiped off. The laundry must smell like a butcher's shop. In their hands, sheathed at their hips or leaning against their shoulders were blades tarnished by war. Percy still wore his helmet and blood oozed from a cut on his jaw. Sally's heart wrenched like a squeezed lemon. She knew demigods' childhood died a swift death but even her worst nightmares hadn't considered this. War had hardened and sharpened her baby boy. He stood, a general surrounded by his lieutenants. "Need help?" He glanced toward the bags. Sally managed a shaky smile, "Thank you, but I've got it." "Where's Paul." Percy stated the question because leaders couldn't just ask. "At orientation. He probably won't be back for a couple more hours," Sally reported. "You know, you could meet more openly…if he knew. You wouldn't need to hide. Things would be easier." Percy nodded, "Later." Sally gave him an I'm-still-your-mother look. He turned his attention away from the map. "When Paul's back we can…see how he would handle this." "Percy," Nico said her son's name like a title. "My sources report more possible demigods. Two confirmed. Piper McClean, age fourteen, primary residence west coast." "Probably why we haven't found her." Clarissa leaned on her spear. "We need all we can." Annabeth turned to Grover. "Can you bring her back? The daughter of a movie star shouldn't be too difficult to locate." Grover nodded. Nico continued, "A possible demigod on the streets. Manipulates garbage." Everyone stared. "According to the ghosts." "Wonder who her parent is?" Charles asked. "Another confirmed demigod is a foster-home kid. Fourteen. Leo Valdez, probable son of Hephaestus." Sally's fingers froze over her keyboard, mid-word. The jumble of words plucked a chord of intuitive dread in her heart. Annabeth caught the sudden pause "What is it?" "Paul?" She breathed. This had something to do with her fiancé. "He…he's been talking about this new student Goode is accepting. A foster child between homes. ADHD and dyslexic." Sally had considered the possibility of a demigod, though millions of children had ADHD and dyslexia without a drop of divine ichor flowing through their veins. He was fourteen too, which was a little old for a demigod to remain unclaimed or uneaten. Another thought occurred to her. "And Paul mentioned he had been a suspect in," her words dried up, mouth turned into a desert. She took a sip of water. "Several fires." Which screamed demigod. "I'll have to grill Paul about Valdez when he gets back," Percy said. "If Leo is still free," Annabeth pointed out. At Percy's look she added, "The Titan forces have been snatching demigods as quickly as we have. Sometimes faster. If we know of Leo, likely they do as well." Sally's fingers flew, dialing Paul's cellphone on a hunch. She hoped she was wrong. She hoped her worries were just silly over-reactions. But the phone rang. And rang. And rang. An alarm forced Paul back to consciousness. That wasn't his clock. Someone was calling. Phew! Someone had also badly messed up breakfast, even his old roommate couldn't cook up such a stench. He stretched an arm out to fumble for the new cellphone. Or tried to. Something clenched tightly around his limbs and wouldn't let him move. The teacher tugged but only pressed the ropes painfully into his skin. Cold concrete leached warmth from his back. The noxious stench was no badly-cooked breakfast but the unmistakable reek of rotting meat. Paul's heart picked up. That cheerleader at Goode, those homeless people and cosplayers surrounding his car. He'd been kidnapped. Well, at least he wasn't fire-bombed. Paul opened his eyes. A few cheerleaders hovered a short distance away like guards. He and Leo—who's hair looked a little scorched—were tied to a pillar. Leo's bonds clanked as he tugged at them. "Dunno if this is a nightmare or a daydream," Leo teased. The closest young woman smiled at Paul. Perfectly white, shiny, normal smile. A full-body freeze rattled his nerves. Nightmare. Campfire light splayed across concrete flooring; the inhabitants gathered around the flame for warmth. Vagrants. Harmless old ladies. Sales clerks and cheerleaders. Hundreds of people dressed in rags and robes alike. It was the oddest mix of people Paul had ever seen. A shanty-town would have explained the homeless but not the sales-people. Definitely not the cheerleaders. Hundreds of eyes stared back at him, reflected in the flames' light. Beyond the fires darkness shrouded everything and Paul could see neither walls nor ceiling of this place. Cold air chilled his sweat; an unpleasant clacking sound echoed, like the timed marching of a dozen high heeled shoes at once. The stink of rotted meat pervaded. Irrationally his heart sped up. "Welcome, sorry we couldn't offer better hospitality." The cheerleader trio approached Leo, hips swaying, lips parting in smiles, high heels clacking. But something about their footsteps was a little off. The rhythm sounded more like a clang-thump than an even click-click. And the cosplayers…no, those weren't cosplayers. How could he have ever mistaken that armor for fake? Those weapons for sports equipment or plastic swords? He looked around the so-called 'shanty town' with new eyes. Those weren't cheerleaders. The kindly smiles on the clerks were an illusion. Paul knew why they had been brought here, Leo especially. He knew the terrible danger now. "Don't listen," he warned. The cheerleaders, the kindly sales clerks, they had a more insidious purpose, using harmless disguises to seek out youth and prey upon them. A brunette cheerleader leaned in, soft, dark lips almost touching the shell of the teen's ear. "So, whadya think baby? Wanna join?" She breathed. "No you don't Leo, this is a gang!" Leo was going to be forced into the gang, twisted from a bright young man with a promising future to a short-lived thug. And Paul…he didn't want to think about why they would need him in one of these initiations. He yanked again at the ropes but they were strong and well-tied. Barbed wire wrapped around a baseball bat touched his nose. Paul's gaze crept up the makeshift weapon to its wielders callused, scarred hands, up well-muscled arms capable of batting skulls off shoulders to a face old enough for college, maybe even graduate school. One blue eye was bisected with an ugly scar ripping down his face. From head to toe he was clad in a hodge-podge of intimidating armor. "Gang leader," Paul muttered to himself. "Not exactly." The blond focused his attention to Leo. "Going to join us Leo Valdez? You belong here. You're already one of us." "No you aren't Leo, you're a good young man." Leo didn't appear to be listening to anyone. Even the cheerleaders were ignored as the young man's eyes fixated on the leader's baseball bat. Paul frowned. It wasn't that intimidating or shocking, surely? "Holy shit man! Is that a real sword?" "A sword? Leo that's a baseball bat." Paul squinted at the bat. Tilted his head sideways. It remained stubbornly baseball bat-shaped. How had the teen mistaken it for a sword? The leader shook his head. "So blind. You can't even see the obvious." He kicked Paul's foot out of the way and stepped closer to Leo. Brown eyes jerked away from gangster and finally focused on Paul. "Dude? You really see a bat?" "Yes." Had Leo been drugged? The kid's Adam's apple bobbed. He screwed his eyes shut and turned to the cheerleaders. Brown eyes snapped open. Paul watched the blood drain so fast it looked like his throat slit. His face turned waxen. "And the crowd?" he asked shakily, "What do they look like to you?" "Have you drugged him?" Paul glared at the leader. "Hard as it is to believe, these are our allies now," the blond told Leo gently, completely ignoring Paul. "And when we win, I swear they shall never again be our enemies." Leo didn't look drugged. His bug-eyed gaze snapped back to the cheerleaders, as if seeing the seduction attempt for the insidious ensnarement it really was. Blood drained skin turned faintly green. Poor kid was probably realizing just how close his life had come to ending in jail. "And these," he swallowed again, "Ladies." "Cheerleaders. But they aren't." The trio stiffened. "They're gang members too, seducing new initiates." He softened his glare when he turned to the young women. "There are places where you can get help. You don't have to live the rest of your lives selling your bodies like this." One laughed, a disagreeably shrill sound, "Oh he is completely clueless. And obviously in-demand." She glanced down at the phone, then to him. "Who is calling you so insistently?" "A pint of blood it's the wife. It's always the wife," said the brunette cheerleader with a sage nod. Paul tried to kick the phone away. Sally. It had to be Sally. The last thing he wanted was to drag his fiancé into this. The cheerleader picked up the phone with idle curiosity. Every muscle in her face froze, her expression a rictus of surprise. Her eyes focused with eagle intensity on the phone's screen. Paul fought against his bonds, heedless of how fibers dug into flesh. "Nobody. It's nobody." A dark chuckle came from one of the nearer homeless people, a rather large man in few rags. "Nobody," he drew the word out in baritone. "I've heard that name before." The blond leader shook his head. "Just turn it off. We'll take care of him later." "Lord Castellan," the cheerleader interrupted with sheer disbelief. "The caller." She lifted the phone with a trembling hand, "is Sally Jackson ." Castellan snatched the phone and gaped at the name above the number. "Sally Jackson ," he repeated incredulously. Suddenly a blinding smile appeared on his face. Genuine. And even more twisted for it. "Tyche is truly on our side." Paul's icy heart cracked. How did they know her? How could Sally be involved? They were gangsters and she