A/N: Fulfilling my New Year's resolution to post more often and getting this piece out there: here's my rendition of this classic tale. Given Hunchback of Notre Dame's themes and time period I thought a Percico spin would fit perfectly with this story. Warning for homophobic, racist and ablest language/slurs. The Damned of Notre Dame Maester Nicolas froze in the churchyard, eyes riveted to the graceful figure flowing just outside holy grounds. The gypsy dancer clad in the sea's colors. Liquid fire sparked and bloomed in his chest, rushing through his veins, scorching his nerves. His loins stirred. Nothing could tear his eyes away. Enchanting. Aquamarine veils coiled around a body sculpted from a god's hands, enthralling him. Passion overcame his gentle heart, devoured by the hottest flames. No river so raged, no waterfall so crashed against stone as powerfully as blood surged through his body. He could hear nothing but it's roar and faintly the steady beat of Gypsy music the young man danced to. A face like a classical statue turned. Pink lips parted. Nicolas stumbled a step forward, pulled by the strings of lust. Fingers snapped beside his ears. Beauty of the heavens danced, grace of the sea itself rippling through lean muscles. Nicolas could not tear his attention away. Oh to stare for eternity in rapturous fantasy. Yet the priest ached for more. Pale silken robes brushed against him. Teasing. Blood roared like ocean waves, deafening him. His body thirsted for more. The warmth of flesh. Petal-soft lips. The beauty who danced before him like a Sultan's harem-girl. Crack. A hand stung his cheek. The pain quenched his blood and warmed his face. Nicolas blinked, dazed. A familiar, bulbous nose enveloped his vision, framed with ragged blond hair. Short, blunt fingers moved deftly in the language of the dumb. Sign. A secret he had learned to speak to the one he raised like a daughter. "Quasimoda? I'm fine." Another cooling breath. "Thank you, my child." He still longed to watch liquid grace, bronze skin. A statue brought to life. Sin's song still coaxed his eyes forward but now he was aware too of his reputation, of the picture a lone priest made gazing at such temptation. The young woman signed again. "A spell? I…I am unsure. Perhaps. I feel strange." Quasimoda turned him around and Nicolas staggered back toward elegantly-carved doors like the wine-sodden, clutching her hand. Was it a spell? Or curse? "Let us retire into the church. You have lessons to attend, yes?" Quasimoda nodded enthusiastically as they entered Paris's grandest building, a master-work of art and architecture, pale against the dark city and Gypsy wagons. A white-haired nun greeted them in a flurry of fuss. "Nicolas! You shouldn't have let her out. Especially now." She aimed a disapproving glare at the Gypsys still dancing outside. "Don't know what things are coming to these days. Those heathens, dancing up sin right outside our door! Mark my words, they're spelling people under." Her voice dropped. "Devil's work." Icy horror clutched his heart, spreading numbly through his body and snapping the Gypsy's spell like a fine cobweb. Nicolas shut the oaken door, blotting out that devil in angel's form, that daring dancer of holy ground. Peace rang. Choirs caroled softly. Faint candle-scent wafted in the church, calming his blood, soothing eyes with their dim glow. Tension drained. Raging vice died the closer he strode to the alter. Nicolas knelt, dark hair shrouding his face and clasped his hands in prayer. Prayer for purity. For resistance against such depravity. Never before had he needed it but now, with the sight of graceful limbs swaying behind his eyelids, with the echo of a roar in his blood, he begged for salvation. For all who felt lust. How powerful an emotion, like the mighty Nile sweeping through the brain and heart. How impossible to resist. No wonder women were temptresses and men demons; no wonder people so easily fell. Even he, a priest, was helpless to sin's siren song. "Please oh merciful Lord. Strength. Give us all strength." Quasimoda gently laid a book beside him, the title worn to illegibility. "Architecture again? The Holy Bible would do the both of us good." He brought forth the sacred text of God, gold letters flickering in the candle-light. His charge signed disobediently. Nicolas stiffened and glanced around at the other people, grateful only he understood the language of the dumb. His voice dropped to a hiss, "The Holy text of our lord is not a brick. And never to be used in construction." He tapped the cover. "A book one never outgrows. Even I sometimes need its teachings." Nicolas di Angelo paced through hallow halls, sacred robes billowing around him, for once feeling neither hallowed, nor sacred. He felt like a crow in swan coloring. Lessons with Quasimoda—no doubt out sketching building plans—only stifled his burning lust briefly. Nothing quenched it. Bells couldn't snap the spell; candle-smoke couldn't sooth roaring blood; communion wafers didn't taste serene enough. Powerful was the Gypsy curse. He'd not sighted the dancer in days, yet demons still stirred his body. Awake. Asleep. At the edges of God's doors and deep within His holy house. No escape. The choir couldn't cleanse it. Seeing no other resolution, he fell to his knees before the hearth. "Beata Maria, You know I am a righteous man. Of my virtue I am justly proud." Choir voices echoed softly through distant halls. "Et tibit Pater." "Beata Maria, You know I'm so much purer than, the common, vulgar, weak, licentious crowd." How he had once scorned the feeble fortitude and filthy eyes of others. A glance lead them from church. His virtue was strong, the most seductive coquettes and tempting prostitutes lit not a hellish spark in his soul. Had others not prayed enough? Not dedicated enough to God? Softly came choir's tones. "Quia peccavi nimis." Pride cometh before the fall and now he plummeted. All the lust of a lifetime, what he should have felt for hundreds of women, all condensed to one. "Then tell me, Maria. Why I see him dancing there. Why his smold'ring eyes still scorch my soul!" A man. No greater devilry or terrible sign of sin. Punishment tenfold for his thrice-damned pride. Lust was sin enough and a Gypsy was a whore and thief. But a man! Homosexuality was an abomination by every sacred belief. "Cogitatione," the choir echoed. Days, weeks of purging the Gypsy who danced through prayer and thoughts focused only on God. Till this morning when he rose soft and serene. Cured. Ready to face the world…but whom did he see? "I feel him, I see him, the sun caught in his raven hair is blazing in me out of all control!" He'd failed. Brought low by both sins. He could still feel lust surging through priestly veins on holy ground. "Like fire. Hellfire. This fire in my skin. This burning desire has turned me to sin!" "Mea culpa," the choir chastised. "It's not my fault." He amended. "I'm not to blame." "Mea culpa." "It is the gypsy man, the witch who sent this flame!" "Mea maxima culpa." The choir rebuked. "It's not my fault," he protested again. A hundred prayers morning and night, skin scrubbed raw with holy water was not enough. What would rid him of this sin? "Mea culpa." "If in God's plan," he began. "Mea culpa." "He made the devil so much stronger than a man!" "Mea maxima culpa." Nicolas lowered his fist; anger drained from him. No, one mustn't blame God. That was the sin of heathens and heretics. The devil spawned weakness but he succumbed. The Lord had nothing to do with it. "Protect me, Maria. Don't let this siren cast his spell. Don't let his fire sear my flesh and bone." His face twisted in a sneer. The dancer inflamed his passion. Twas not God's fault but the Gypsy conspiring with the devil. "Destroy Perceus and let him taste the fires of hell or else let him be in purity alone." A guard burst in, fully armored, a blood-soaked strand of dark hair in one eye. "Minister Nicolas! The gypsys are being arrested." Nicolas broke off, "What?" "Those still alive are to be brought before you for judgement." So this was God's answer. A test. "Very well, thank you Mikael. Set up court, tomorrow morning I shall pass judgement. Dawn is wiser than dusk." "Very good Maester." Mikael bowed and left. Resolution and salvation were his just as he had prayed, if only he kept to purity. "Hellfire. Dark fire. Now gypsy it's your turn. Choose God or, your pyre. Be holy or you will burn." "Eleison." "God have mercy on him." "Eleison," the choir echoed. "God have mercy on me." "But he will be holy—or he will burn!" "Order in the court." The gavel clashed against the podium. A crack echoed across stone walls. Spectators shifted like rough seas, one lit torch from mobbing. They were packed tighter than furs in a shipping box; the court was standing room only. The stench was putrid. Their bodies frayed guard's nerves. The metal-clad men stood betwixt judger and judged. Only their leader, Mikael, and God knew whom they protected. Pressed in mid-room were Gypsys. Airy fabrics torn, bright clothes stained brown, dark skin bloodied from the crowd. Filthy. Already they smelled guilty. Nicolas avoided Perceus. He needed clarity now more than ever and Gypsy curse or no, he dared not look. This was a test. A failed one if he dared allow lust to overpower him. And he knew sin's true might. Even battered and beragged, the dancer tempted. A glance would take him. The devil would win. In church. In courtroom. Satan had to lose: for the sake of Nicolas's soul. A mother stared with hopeless, dead eyes, her baby—a scrawny little thing with bowed stomach and gaping ribs, so like Quasimoda at that age—shackled to her. A young girl's face twitched and trembled, trying to hold back tears. Others stared listlessly, swollen-eyed. An older boy sniffed with a bloody nose. Another held their broken arm close. Tokens from a vengeful crowd. Hopelessness rippled through slacken faces and bowed heads. They had given up. Did they not think him a worthy judge? A young man, nearly drowning in voluptuous robes, stood and unrolled a scroll of parchment. His voice broke like a bad flute. "Accusations towards the Gypsys as follows: theft, vandalism, debauchery, lewd attitudes, the corruption of virgin youth—female and male —multiple abominations unto God." "No!" Perceus stood. Nicolas couldn't help but stare down to tempting lips. Look away. Before all sense died. "Maester please—" Those words did things to his manhood it had no business doing in the middle of a crowded, noxious-smelling trial. Those were words for privacy. Or fantasy. Nicolas fought to focus on the words spoken, not the alluring tone. "—my people are innocent. Not thieves. And if we've stolen anything, we'll repent and pay back twice over for every taken item." Percy's sea-green eyes met his boldly. Nicolas swallowed. "We haven't broken or burned your property in performance…or private." Perceus smirked. "The other accusations? Well, we've never taken the unwilling." The crowd's outraged bellow covered Nicolas's gasp. To be so bodacious. In the middle of court. How could he proclaim innocence after such a speech? How could Nicolas give clemency? Would he want to? "He is an abomination!" "Filth!" "Gypsy scum!" "Wretched witch." People lunged between the guards, trying to shove metal-clad shoulders away. Nicolas, behind his podium, couldn't stop them. A blow hunched Perceus over, chained and soiled. Bronze skin was tarnished with sickly darkness. A limp marred liquid grace. And the podium before the priest seemed to disappear. Still the dancer was a vision of loveliness. Hastily, he signed a cross. Oh sly devilry, to slither in here? He gripped the wood before him, his only barrier and clung. Perceus continued. "What's wrong with love? Two men. Two women.