CHAPTER ONE Hot and humid air. Baking sun and steaming jungle. A vision of the lightning tree standing tall before me as heat waves push up from the ground, distorting my vision. In the distance, I can hear Peeta's cry: loud, tortured and terrifying. My heart aches painfully and beats quickly at the same time and there is an emptiness in the pit of my stomach that I try to push down. No matter how hard I try, it always comes back up. I want to move to save him, but instead my mouth fills with saliva and a stinging sour taste as I fall to my knees on the burning sand. Horror overcomes me when I look down and see the skin on my hands and arms covered in raw sores and swollen blisters. The sight of it makes me retch, racking my chest violently and tying my stomach into painful knots until I feel it, the thing, coming up from the depths of my stomach and up my throat. It hits the sand below me, a gloopy string of black, disgusting gunk. I cough it up and it oozes out, this blackness within me... I awake with a gasp. My heart's racing and sweat is pouring down my forehead and matting the clothes to my back. The mid-afternoon sun is blazing down, stinging my eyes and burning my skin. I sit up, peeling the sweat-soaked shirt up off my torso. My mouth is parched and I try to think how long it's been since I dozed off so carelessly, deep in these woods beyond the fence that surrounds District Twelve. But then I remember things have changed and I don't have to worry about the repercussions of being on Capitol-designated land anymore. I'd gone into the woods this morning to hunt but found my feet leading me towards the lake—my father's lake. The place that holds so many memories for me and is now the only place that can draw me out of the dark emptiness. It's here where he taught me how to swim. It's here where I would play in its cool depths while he caught water fowl or fished or dug for roots. It was the source of our family's nourishment, this place. A gentle breeze is blowing and ripples the surface of the water, breaking the reflection of the blue sky and green tree tops above. Before I let myself think any further, I get up, strip to my undergarments and wade into the lake. I dip my head under the surface, sighing inwardly at the immediately cooling effect. Wiggling my feet into the wet sand, I relish the tickling feeling between my toes. Once I'm further in, I begin to swim, counting each stroke and each lap I make. Fifty strokes to one lap. One hundred strokes, two laps. One fifty, three laps... It's mind-numbing, mechanical. Before I know it, I'm breathless and I burst through the surface of the water, my lungs rasping for air. Swimming like this helps me. It stops my mind from thinking too much, from wallowing in regrets and past actions and memories. But at some point, I need to stop and breathe. I need to come back to reality. Sopping wet, I trudge back to my pile of clothes baked paper dry in the heat. The sun hangs low in the sky, which tells me that it must be late afternoon by now. Refreshed and awake, I pull my clothes back on and take a deep breath of the warm air. At my feet sits my faithful bow and quiver of arrows. I reach down and pick up my bow, running my hand along its length, feeling the curve of the soft wood. Many years ago, my father's hands and knife created this. I've caught nothing yet, but maybe the walk back will yield something. I trek through the woods, back to the village. This is where Gale and I hunted together, only a few years ago. This is where I was happy. As I walk, I think, now - am I happy now? With everything that's changed? People have their freedom, but what do I have? A lost friend, a dead sister, and a mother who finds it too painful to come back home. My loving father now a distant memory. It's been six months since I've been back and I've been trying to think of ways to go on. It was alright before with Gale by my side and our families to feed. They depended on us and we had each other. Now there is nothing. I had been played with to the very end and then tossed aside like a forgotten toy, gathering dust in a dark corner of this place that is my home. I've withdrawn, doing nothing, saying nothing; I have nothing left to give. As I walk, the ground beneath me becomes harder and turns into the familiar dirt road that leads in to town and my old neighbourhood, the Seam. In the distance, I can see the new buildings that make up the town square with the new Justice Building at the centre. Meanwhile, traders have set up shop right in the middle of the square, their carts and stalls laden with fresh vegetables and fruits, cured meats, grains and spices. None of the rodent-ridden rations from the Capitol - these are sourced directly from the districts. I think about heading into town - perhaps catching up with Thom, who's now working on filling in and closing off the mines. He's probably finished and having a drink at Ripper's, but I don't feel like keeping up with his chit-chat today. Instead, I take a right at the next path and head towards the Victor's Village, where my house, dark and empty, awaits me. Before heading in, I sprinkle the primrose bushes with rainwater. In this heat, the soil has become dusty and dry and I soak the roots, watching the water seep into the ground, turning it a dark shade of mud black-brown. The flowers are now flourishing and have burst into full, colourful bloom. They're beautiful, but the smell nauseates me still. I can't stay around them for too long, so I head into the coolness of the house. In the bathroom, I peel off my clothing and place it carefully in the clothes basket. I lean over the sink, looking back at the young woman in the mirror. Her hair has grown back unevenly, only just enough to cover the burn scars on her scalp. In fact, the burn scars are all over most her body, which has become used to the replacement skin. But you can tell where the new skin stops and her own skin starts. Raised scars, like lines on a map, pattern her arms, shoulders, most of her neck and legs. The new skin shines whiter than her own olive-toned skin. Like a patchwork quilt. I turn on the shower and get underneath, scrubbing myself clean for the second time today. When I come back downstairs, I find Greasy Sae in the kitchen heating a pot of stew. I greet her and her granddaughter, Juniper, who's seated at the table drawing circles on pieces of parchment with intense concentration. I take the seat opposite her and continue to watch. She doesn't look up and remains stuck in her own world. Apparently, she's never been right in the head, but who is these days? The aroma of the stew fills the kitchen. My mouth begins to water and I thank Greasy Sae as she sets before me a large bowl and a plate of cheese buns. She sits next to me with a small bowl of her own. "I tried to hunt today," I confess to her. "No luck, huh?" "I fell asleep." Greasy Sae sighs. "I've been looking forward to some rabbit. A nice spring vegetable soup with rabbit." She smacks her lips. "Sounds good," I say as I scoop up the savoury, hot goodness. I break open a cheese bun, dunk a piece of bread in and pop it in my mouth. Delicious. Suddenly my memory flashes back to the Victory Tour dinner ball. Tables laden with a seemingly endless variety of food and me wanting to sample every single dish. That euphoric feeling that overcame me when I realised that I hadn't succeeded in convincing Snow. I wouldn't have succeeded anyway, no matter how much I tried. Peeta having to finish my leftovers. The elixir that made you throw up so you could eat as many things as you wanted. A sudden wave of nausea washes over me and I cough as I clutch my stomach, retching over the table. I push the feeling down, not wanting Greasy Sae's good stew to come back up. A sour, burning taste comes up in my mouth as Greasy Sae rubs my back, keeping a firm hand on my shoulder. "It's okay. If it comes out, it comes out, it's alright." Tears sting my eyes as her granddaughter continues to draw never ending circles on the parchment. "We can keep this for later. I'll put it back in the pot and you can heat it up when you feel like." She takes the bowl away and there's a slushing sound at the stove. I pull my knees up on the chair and rest my forehead on them, trying to keep down the sourness and saliva that keeps filling my mouth. I push it out of my mind, the liquid in the small wine glass. The way Peeta's fingers had set the glass down on the table. So delicately, so carefully, as if it were a bomb about to explode. Greasy Sae finishes washing and places a mug on the table. "Drink this." I nod silently as she calls to Juniper to leave. The front door closes. The house is silent. I'm not sure how long I stay like this, curled up on the chair with my head resting on my knees, swallowing down the saliva that keeps filling my mouth. I find the strength to lift my head and pull the mug closer to me. It's mint leaves steeped in hot water, which has now become lukewarm. As darkness begins to fall, I lower my feet to the floor. The smell of the stew still fills the kitchen and for some reason, it nauseates me. I jump up from the chair, throw open the windows and cover the pot with the lid. That's not enough though, so I wrap the entire pot tightly with dish cloths and place it inside the cold cupboard. Then I take the dishes that Greasy Sae has just cleaned and wash them again with more soapy hot water. After, I scrub my hands until they are red and stinging. Only then do I feel much better. . By morning, the heat has broken and the sky is overcast and mild. After my shower and scrub, I shuffle about the house, opening the windows to let in the cool air. The phone rings and I know who it is before I go to answer it. I've tried to rearrange the study so that it reminds me less of the time when Snow came to visit but to no avail. I can never stay in that room for too long so I keep it quick. "Hey." "Morning Katniss. You okay?" Peeta's voice sounds through the line. "Yeah, I'm fine. Come on over," I reply. The phone goes silent. He always calls before coming over. No more night visits, no more sharing the same bed. That finished a long time ago. A part of me aches for him, for his strong, steady arms and warmth in the night. Instead, there is only loneliness and nightmares. Some nights are so rough I awake only to find myself on the floor, my arms and legs covered in bruises. When he returned and I found him