I do not own Twilight ~ Stephanie Meyers is the owner. This is just fan fiction. . This is all human! When Bella is told that she is to marry Jasper Cullen per business arrangement with her father, she believes that everyone around her is crazy. Her life as she knows it seems to be over and she is struggling to find a way out of this nightmare. Who are the Cullen's? What are Jasper's plans for her? Will she survive? Big Thanks to two very sexy and awesome ladies... my prereader JaspersBella & my beta Nerdette Love . I had this story up but wanted to redo it much darker. If you've read the E/B one some parts will be the same and other parts will be MUCH different. This is darker and creepier. The Cullen men take WHATEVER they want... and their parents are quite happy to help them do it. WARNING... suggestions of rape in this chapter... DO NOT READ AND REVIEW IF YOU CAN'T HANDLE THAT! . This is Your Home ~ Chapter 1 . Bella walked into the diner and found him already sat down, waiting for her. She walked over, and sat down across for him. Although, inside, she'd wanted to sit next to him, as she felt like she knew him so well. Even though, he'd never really told her anything about himself. She looked at him and tried not to blush, between his trimmed whiskers and gorgeous smile. Bella couldn't resist a man with facial hair, but this man, really got her going. She wanted nothing more than to straddle him and ride him while he ate. The baby blue shirt he was wearing only added to the clean look of his features and emphasized those damn whiskers. . "I already ordered dinner for you. You'll see what it is when they bring it out." He said with an authoritative tone that made her stomach fill with butterflies. She nods in response to him and looked down. She knew that if she asked him a question, he'd find a way to turn it back to her. She wanted to know more about him, she longed for it. She worried that if she pressed him for information he would get annoyed and stop meeting her around town. She'd rather have him as an acquaintance than nothing at all. She hoped and wished that he would see her as more than just a buddy, hell, she'd even take a one night stand. Why would he want her? Compared to him, she was just plain and invisible. Even her father didn't want her. . "Bella, I know we normally don't plan our times together, but I have something important I want to discuss with you." He said. Then he smirked at her. She remembered the first time they met, he had offered to buy her a coffee and bagel. She'd refused, but he did anyway. He'd then asked to walk her to her car. She was nervous about him being some freak. Yet, she was pleasantly surprised, when he just walked her to her car and then left. She was shocked and a little bit happy, when she'd seen him again the next day, at the supermarket. He was behind her in the line for buying a bunch of produce. He walked her to her car again. Now, three months later she looked forward to their impromptu dates. Being brought back to the present as she watched him talk. His lips are just so sexy and she wondered s what it would feel like to have them on her, kissing her, tasting her. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a small black box. . This is the moment he has been building up to, the moment he had waited months for. She would soon be his and he would finally be able to bring her home. Slowly, he opened the box and she gasped. Her eyes glued to the huge diamond and small diamonds which were placed all round a silver band, for a fleeting second, she had hopes it was for her but she knew better. He just wanted her opinion, not that she would have said yes. She barely knows him. She laughed to herself, why would he even want her? . "Bella, you are so beautiful and smart. You are like no other woman I've ever met. I want to spend my life with you. Would you marry me? Would you be my wife?" he asked. Holding the ring out to her and smiling as if he'd won a prize. She couldn't speak, couldn't believe this was happening, he just asked her to marry him. She knew nothing about him: except for the fact that he dressed nice, had a wallet filled with money , and drove a black Mercedes. She worried that he's a drug dealer. Her chest tightened, she couldn't breathe. "I don't even know you. You never answer any of my questions. Why do you even want to marry me?" He laughs at her bombardment of questions. . "Oh, Bella, I know we are the perfect match. You will make a great wife and my family will love you and you'll love them. I already have your father's permission. In fact, everything is set for us to get married in three months." She couldn't breathe. How could she be so stupid? She knew it wasn't real, her father had probably set this all up. He'd been avoiding her for months now, this had to be why. Jasper had just been getting close to her to do the dirty work. She stood up trying to get away from him. "You're fucking crazy. I know what you're going to do." She yelled and ran out of the diner, to her car and drove away. Jasper stays there and smiled. He knew this would happen, he'd planned for it. Inside, he hoped she'd go home as the moving trucks had already picked up all her belongings and were loading them into their wing. . He stood up and pulled a hundred dollar bill out of his wallet. Leaving it on the table, he glared at the waitress as he exited the building. He got into his car and headed for her house, parking two blocks away and waited for her to arrive. Then he would get to take her home, to her new home. . Bella runs into her house and saw her father sitting on the couch. She plopped down on the opposite couch and starred at him. She waited for him to speak but he just rolled his eyes at her. "What's going on? You have no right to sell me, I have plans to finish college. I'll start looking for my own place." He looked at her and laughed. This made her anger boil over and she wanted to jump over the wooden coffee table and strangle him. The knock at the door stopped her and before she could stand, the door opened and in walked Jasper. . "Who the fuck do you think you are? You can't just walk into my house." He smiled at her and tried to lighten the situation. "I love that my fiancé has such a great sense of humor." He walked over and put his arms around her. He moved forward to kiss her but she pushed him away. He wanted to show her that she should never turn away from him, but now, was not the time or place. He smiled and though about how he would teach her that lesson later. He smiled down at her and tried to calm her down. "I'm sorry this is all new for you. I've had months to prepare for you to be my wife, while you've only found out today. I have to learn to take it slow with you" He laughed inside, once he got her in their bedroom, she would be getting a quick lesson on her new role. . She couldn't think, she didn't understand what he meant by months. "What do you mean, months? We're not even dating. Whatever deal you have with my father, does not include me," She snapped. Then tried to get out of his arms. He just laughed at her, thinking about if she'd be feisty in bed too. "You are the deal Bella. It'll all work out, believe me." . Before she could respond he forcefully pulls her out to his car. She tried to break free, but he was just too strong for her. Once he got her around his family, it would be easier to control her. Charlie followed behind, anxious to get Bella in the car and away from here. He wanted his money and would do whatever was necessary to get it. Jasper opened the passenger side door and pushed Bella in. He closed it and locked the door. As soon as he left her side, she tried to open the door but found herself stuck. She searched through the window for somebody to help, only to be met by smirking father. It made her want to throw up. Bella was terrified this was all a rouse for him to finally get what he wanted. Her gone and a large sum of money to sweeten the deal. . Jasper got in and leaned over her to put her seat belt on and she inhaled to keep him from touching her. She couldn't look at him. She stupidly bought into his kindness, she stupidly allowed herself to believe he liked her and tried not to think about how he was going to drive off and kill her. She needed to get out of the car. He put the car into drive and speed off, she waited impatiently for a red light. Meanwhile, tears falling down her face but she tried to remain in control. She was going to need it to get out of this situation. He stopped at a red light and Bella quickly unbuckled her seat belt but Jasper grabbed her arm hard and pulled her towards him. She cringed from the pain and looked up at his face. "DO NOT MAKE ME ANGRY BELLA," he yelled. He looked like the devil. He took a deep breath and tried to calm down. He almost had her home and he'd feel better once she was safely contained in his house. "Bella, just come meet my family, stay for dinner and we'll see what happens." The light turns green and he zoomed off, he wanted to get her home and his bed. With the speeds he was going Bella quickly snapped her seatbelt back on. What if he tried to crash the car to kill her? . Jasper drove and watched her body. Her breasts rose and fell as she breathed deeply, her short brown hair blew around in the wind, her long legs begging to be spread opened and held against her chest as he fucked her hard. He couldn't wait to use her body for his pleasure. No matter how tight those woman from the company were, they weren't virgins. They simply gave him experience on how to please a woman, and now Bella would reap all the benefits. He couldn't wait to fuck a virgin, to make Bella's virgin body his and only his. . She watched as he drove down a long winding driveway. Bella gawked at the tremendously tall gate in front of them. It had spikes on top with two layers of barbed wire. She wondered if the gate surrounded the property. When Jasper got to the gate, he clicked some buttons in his car and the gate opened. He drove in and watched as Bella looked around in awe. She took in the long gardens before them and then gasped when she saw the mansion. It's bigger than most hotels she'd seen. She couldn't believe that he lived here, that anyone lived here.