Chapter One: Marie's Arrival Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight Saga; I'm just screwing with the characters. Have fun with whatever happens and characters I make up. AN: I've decided to edit the story and see where it goes again. I'm at a standstill with my book at the moment, so I thought some creative fan-fiction writing might alleviate my writer's block. So here's the new and improved 1st chapter to Bella's Cousin. Bella's POV I couldn't sit still in Edward's Volvo's as Alice drove us to the Cullen's house. The large smile I had across my face was hard to get rid of since this morning, and it had nothing to do with the Cullen's. Earlier this morning, I got a call from my cousin, Marie, telling me she's moving here with her father. My uncle, Carson had just moved here and got settled a few weeks ago. He's a doctor like Carlisle, so they'll be working together, though he won't start work until Marie gets here. Marie had said she would be here tomorrow. I'm going to stay with her this weekend. The guys will be going on a hunting trip that will last the entire weekend, so Alice is driving Edward's Volvo. Alice probably believed I was excited about this weekend, but it was really my cousin. We pulled into the garage and walked toward the house. Alice flew up the stairs and into Jasper's arms when we got to the stairs of the house. I smiled at Edward as he pulled me into his arms and chastely kissed me. We gathered in the living room, while Emmett and Jasper got ready to play a video game. "What's up with you, Bella?" Jasper asked me with a suspicious expression. "What do you mean, Jasper?" Alice asked him confused and curiously. "Bella's too happy. She's not usually this happy about anything, especially knowing she has to spend the entire weekend without Edward, and yet she seems really excited," Jasper explained, raising his eyebrow at me. Alice's face dropped when she heard this and Jasper began to rub her arm apologetically. I didn't mean to upset Alice. I like to spend time with Alice, but I don't always like her dressing me up and giving me makeovers. I raised my hands in surrender as I prepared to give my explanation. "Okay...okay...well, my cousin, Marie, is moving here tomorrow to live with her father," I explained to them. "I didn't know you had a cousin," Esme said with a maternal smile. "Yes, she's my best friend, almost like my sister," I tell them smiling happily as the fond memories flashed before my eyes. Alice's face dropped even more when I said that. She believed she was my only best friend, but Marie and I were so close that we were practically sisters growing up. I didn't mean to hurt Alice's feelings, though I would like her and Alice to get to know each. Alice may even love her; they are so much alike. Alice's eyes glazed over and she became excited. "We have to meet her when she gets here," Alice said excitedly, bouncing in place. I laughed to myself, remembering how much Marie acted like Alice...the graceful walk, the love for fashion, their peppy personality. I smiled and look at Alice. Marie and Alice could be twins if they were born during the same time period, though Marie does love some of the fashions from the early 1900s. "What's so funny, love?" Edward asked, smiling down at me. "Alice and Marie would get along perfectly," I tell him as everyone looks at me confused. "Let's just say having Marie here will be like having two of Alice. She'll make a good shopping partner for you, Alice," I explain to them snickering at everyone's expressions. "I know," she tells me excitedly bouncing. Edward looked fearful and so did Emmett. I wanted to laugh at their expression but after experiencing her shopping marathons, I knew how they felt. Jasper just smiled at Alice as she jumped up and down even more. She appeared to be as ecstatic as me now about my cousin's arrival. Rosalie smiled probably thinking of all the shopping they could do. Carlisle and Esme just shook their heads, smiling at their children. "How much time did you spend with her?" Esme asked. "When I wasn't with Charlie during my vacation time, I was with her," I told them remembering my last Fourth of July with her. "Man, Texans can really throw a Fourth of July party," I commented. I remember sitting back with Marie as we watched two of her brothers chase each other around with Roman candle fireworks. I laughed to myself as the images ran through my mind. My mouth watered at the thought of the barbecue we ate: baby back ribs, chicken wings, and briskets. "Did you say Texan? She's from Texas?" Jasper asked surprised. "Yes, San Antonio to be exact. It's really hot around there, hotter than Phoenix," I said. I saw Edward look at Jasper and nod. I could tell Jasper was conversing with him telepathically. "It's good she's moving here now then. That way you're not in any danger," Edward said as he pulled me closer. "What were laughing about a moment ago, love?" "I was thinking about the Fourth of July I spent with Marie and her family," I told him and continued when I saw his confused expression. "We were shooting all kinds fireworks off on their property. They own like fifty acres of land. Marie's brothers had bought a large variety of fireworks from Roman candles to fire fountains. Two of Marie's brothers thought it'd be funny to shoot each other with the Roman candles, so Marie and I sat back and laughed at them. We threw occasional firecrackers at them as they ran around. She landed one in Darien's pants and it was funny watching him jumping around trying to get it out of his pants before it combusted," I laughed hysterically. Everyone laughed with me as they tried to imagine this with me. "I can't wait to meet your cousin, Bella," Alice said excitedly, as she calmed down. "She'll be here tomorrow afternoon," I told her smiling. "Excellent, we can go get her then," Alice yelled excitedly, clapping her hands together. "Bella, can I give you a mani-pedi?" she asked out of the blue. Since I was in such a good mood, I allowed her to do it, to everyone's surprise. Alice told them not to ruin her fun and dragged me upstairs with her. I chose the colors of dark blue and a scarlet red and Alice did the rest. I listened to her as she planned a shopping trip for her, my cousin, and me. She was just as excited as I was that my cousin was coming here. That night, I went to sleep in Edward's room alone since the guys had left earlier in the evening. I dreamed of the many celebrations Marie and I had when I would stay; from New Year's Eve to Fourth of July; the many fireworks, music, and everything. I dreamed of the pranks we pulled on each other and on the family; oh, the trouble we got into afterwards. A lot has changed since I've moved to Forks. I woke up at twelve in the afternoon, giving me an hour and a half to get ready. I walked downstairs into the kitchen where Esme had brunch cooked for me and; after I finished, Alice dragged me away to get ready. I took a quick shower, scrubbing my favorite strawberry shampoo into my hair. Alice curled my hair into ringlets and put light make-up on me. She dressed me in a dress with some French designer's name on it and a pair of flats after I argued with her for ten minutes. "It's time to go, Bella. I'm going with you and your uncle to get Marie, if that's alright with you," Alice told me, grinning largely. "It's no problem, Alice. Marie would love to meet you. I told her all about you and she wanted to meet you," I said as we walked out to her Porsche. We drove to Charlie's house where Uncle Carson and Charlie were on the porch, talking. I saw his black Jeep Wrangler in the driveway next to my truck and Charlie's cruiser. Alice and I got out of her Porsche and walked up to the porch. Charlie smiled at Alice and gave us a hug each and, I turned to Uncle Carson and hugged him also. "You don't mind if my friend, Alice, tags along to get Marie, do you, Uncle Carson?" I asked him sweetly. "No, as long as I can drive her awesome car," Uncle Carson commented. "It's alright, Mr. Swan," Alice smiled amiably. "Actually, it's Dr. Swan but you can call me, Carson," my uncle told her. "My dad is a doctor, also, at the local hospital. Takes care of Bella a lot when she falls," Alice commented smirking at me. I blushed at her comment and started walking to the car. I could hear Uncle Carson chuckling behind me and talking to Alice. "It's nice to know that someone took up that job," Uncle Carson chortled. "Seriously, Uncle Carson?" I asked embarrassed. Alice tossed Uncle Carson the keys and got in the backseat while I got in the passenger seat. Uncle Carson told me about the past Fourth of July celebration that I missed out on because of what happened in Arizona. We laughed when he told us how Marie shot a bottle rocket at her brothers butt, and how he got her back by setting some of her hair on fire with a sparkler. Uncle Carson pulled into the airport's parking lot, and we walked inside to find Marie at a Starbucks coffee shop. She was drinking a caramel Frappuccino and eating a blueberry cream cheese muffin. "Hey, Marie, how are you?" I asked her as she turned around on the bar stool. I wasn't prepared for what I saw and I guess Alice wasn't either. Running across Marie's beautiful face was three scars, almost similar to Emily's only they went across her face. They started at her right temple, crossed over her eye and nose, and ended on her left shoulder. Alice and I gasped at the sight of her scars. She smiled timidly at me with chocolate on her lips. She looked at my outfit up and down and smiled real big before swallowing a bite of her muffin. "Vous regardez fabuleux dans Louis Vuitton," she said admirable. So that's what I'm wearing. I smiled at her trying to look like I understood her. "You didn't understand what I just said, did ya?" Marie asked me, her Southern Belle accent coming out. "No, what did you say?" I asked confused now. "She said, 'you look fabulous in Louis Vuitton," Alice told me. She turned toward Alice and when she saw her, an expression of familiarity and sadness flashed across face, before quickly disappearing. I didn't know what to think...I was just confused by it. "Très bonne. Parlez-vous français?" Marie said smiling happily. "Je m'appelle Marie. Et vous été?" "Oui, je m'appelle Alice. Je suis une ami de Bella," Alice replied back. "Enchanté, I needed a friend to practice my French with. Merci, Alice," Marie said shaking her hand. "You're welcome, Marie. Do you know any other language?" Alice asked her. "A little Spanish and Portuguese," Marie said ticking it off on her fingers. "My brother can help you with Spanish and Portuguese," Alice told her as Marie got her bags. Marie still had the look like she was thinking. I didn't know she knew some many languages. "Oh yeah, I know Latin and Italian. Maybe I can practice with my Italian this summer!" Marie exclaimed, smiling. "Why this summer?" I asked her anxiously as we loaded her stuff into the trunk of Alice's Porsche.