Hi! This is FandomQueen713 with another story! I swear, at random moments, I'll decide to write a bunch and update everything, and then weeks will go by without me doing anything. XD Whatever, I don't need you all judging me XD. I am here with a new Percabeth Mortal AU. This will alternate between Annabeth and Percy's POV. Rated T for some language and abuse. Enjoy! Disclaimer: Even I'm not stupid enough to claim that I own any of these characters... Annabeth's POV It's not easy being the forgotten one. Annabeth Chase had always been cast aside, overlooked. Her mom, Minerva Pallas had left her as a baby, leaving Annabeth with Annabeth's dad, Frederick Chase. But he had never wanted her. Within two years, Frederick had remarried and within 7 years, became a father of two twins. Annabeth hated her five year younger stepbrothers. Susan Chase, Annabeth's stepmom, and Frederick had completely ignored Annabeth, putting all the attention on the twins. And unlike it is with many older siblings, it wasn't just a phase. Annabeth grew up independently, hating the idea of love and family, because of how unloved and rejected she was. She had never experienced a time in her life when she was needed or cared about by her family. Minerva Pallas became a multimillionaire architect, and owned several companies. From time to time, Minerva had talked to Annabeth, a phone call every three years or so.. But it wasn't enough for a child- a child needed so much more love, help, and support. When Annabeth was 8, she had learned to close herself off from everyone; why should she want love, when love was the thing that tore everything apart, the thing that drove a wedge between Annabeth and everything else. Or more, the lack of it. When Annabeth was 10, she found who she thought was her lifelong best friend- Thalia Grace. She was rebellious, yet Thalia seemed to accept Annabeth., especially considering both had family issues. They had a mutual understanding that neither should ask the other about family. And it was enough for five years. Thalia made friends with others, threw parties, and caused lots of trouble, but always allowed Annabeth into everything that happened. Annabeth became invested in her studies and track, determined to prove to herself that she was something of worth, someone who could be great. Yet when Annabeth became 17, Thalia had rose up into popularity, while Annabeth had sunk lower- she was unnoticed, rejected. That is, until Percy Jackson. Percy's POV Percy Jackson seemed to be a carefree, happy guy. He was the star of the swim team, one of the most popular guys, and always cared about everyone. He shared laughter with nearly everyone he came across. Percy always made sure that all his friends and classmates saw him almost always relaxed and positive. Yet on the inside, Percy thought of himself as broken. On the inside, Percy wanted to kill himself, wanted to end his life to stop the pain. Percy was abused. Gabe Ugliano had married Sally Jackson, Percy's mom, when he was 10. And since the age of 12, when Sally Jackson had died, Percy had been abused by him. Scars covered Percy's back and a bit of his upper arms at the worst injuries. The ones where Gabe threw the glass bottle at him, or when he had been beat nearly unconscious by the belt. Percy hid his inner pain well, and feigned clumsiness a lot, so none of his friends would ever suspect his secret. It was a strategy that worked on the outside. But on the inside, Percy felt like he was dead. Some nights, Percy had to cry himself to sleep. Not because of the pain- he barely felt pain anymore, but because of the fear. It's a strange feeling, to be afraid of going home, afraid to be looked at, for fear that you would become even more shattered. So, Percy wasn't exactly the happiest guy. He had been through more than most seventeen year olds his age. It didn't affect him too much. Percy just had to learn to close off the side of him that had the sadness, depression, and the anger. Few saw it. Percy's closest friends, Luke, Jason, and Grover, knew nothing of it. Not even Thalia, Luke's girlfriend, Jason's one year older sister, and Percy's cousin, could see anything was wrong with him. But some days, when Gabe was out 'working', Percy stood at the rickety kitchen, wondering if today was the day he would take the knife and end it. End everything. The only thing that stopped him was the fact that in one year, Percy could move out and leave this life he called torture. He could use his rights as an adult and start a new life, leaving his past life behind him. Sure, his friends were amazing, but they would never want to deal with him if they knew about Percy's backstory. Percy had everything planned out. Wait until he became 18, move out, and start over. Heal his broken self with time. But sometimes, plans don't always end up working the way you think... Annabeth's POV Annabeth was used to being ignored. She rarely said much in classes, even though she knew all the answers, and was placed in AP classes, determined to get into a good college and prove everyone wrong. At lunch, she sat alone, back against a wall. And at home, well, at home her dad and stepmom rarely even noticed if she was around or not. But the one time she didn't seem to fade into the background was at track meets. Annabeth was an incredibly fast runner, and she enjoyed running; it was nice to feel like she was choosing to leave everyone, rather than the other way around. One day, Annabeth was stretching for a practice, when Perseus Jackson approached her. He was probably just here to support Jason's girlfriend, Piper. "Hey, its Annabeth, right?" Percy asked, grinning down at her. Annabeth straightened up and looked at him disinterestedly. "If you're here to do your 'I'm a nice guy' act, maybe you'll have better luck if you leave and find some other victim." She finished sarcastically. To her surprise, he laughed. "Well then, I have made it my personal goal to have you lighten up, Annabeth. But I was just going to ask if Piper and Jason are here yet." He smirked at her, and for the first time, Annabeth felt like blushing. "Whatever, and they should be behind the bleachers, making out behind the stands." Percy snorted. "Who would've ever thought that Jason would do something like that?" Annabeth gave a shrug, unsure why he was talking to her. "No one, but we all know Piper would. Even knowing that Coach Hedge would kill him if he finds out."Annabeth added, gesturing towards the track coach. Hedge thought that even a kiss would lead to sexual things, and was very... against most PDA. Percy rolled his eyes. "Trust me, I know. He's the swim coach too, and you should've seen how much he freaked out when Luke pecked Thals for luck before the competition." Annabeth tried to keep a blank face at his words. Thalia and Annabeth had grown apart, and hadn't really done much since. A whistle was suddenly sharply blown by Coach Hedge and Annabeth started to hear over. A warm hand clasped hers, handed over a ship of paper. Percy spoke. "Here's my number." Annabeth was startled, but kept a calm tone. "Not interested." Percy gave another laugh, and Annabeth was confused. Was he laughing at her confusion? "Just because you're a pretty girl doesn't mean I'm asking you out. Did you already forget about my offer of making you my 'victim'?" Annabeth felt herself start to redden, so she turned away, jogging towards Coach Hedge. She chanced a glance at the paper, and did her best to memorize those numbers. She had never met someone who could leave her to end up blushing, someone who could actually outwit her. And why did Annabeth ever think Percy was asking her out? Annabeth was just that outsider, the random unknown girl, and Percy was a popular outgoing guy who was loved by everyone. There were even girls at the school who constantly threw themselves at him- Calypso Atlas, Rachel Dare, and their crew of girls. There was no reason for Percy to like her. But why did Annabeth's heart start to flutter at the thought of him? Percy's POV Percy had no idea why he had talked with Annabeth. He had noticed her stretching, aside from all the other girls, and her blonde hair was pulled back into a ponytail. Her gray eyes seemed to hold a fire within, so it wasn't surprising that she had so much sarcasm. Percy sat down in the bleachers next to Jason, watching Annabeth. He had thought he would regret agreeing to drive Jason here, but maybe something good had come from it. After all, Annabeth seemed cool enough. She seemed to understand that life was just a series of sadness. And Percy couldn't deny that her gorgeous blonde hair and long legs were distracting. No! Forget it! Percy told himself. There was no point thinking of things like that when he would have to leave this life behind in a year. Annabeth sprinted past Piper in the last few seconds, over passing all her teammates as she crossed the finish line. Coach Hedge recorded her time, and then talked with her. Jason grinned at Piper, who was retying her brown hair into a braid. Percy stared at Annabeth as she nodded, then left to get her stuff and leave. Annabeth came out of the locker room, and started talking to Piper worriedly. Piper beckoned Percy and Jason to come. "Perce, is it ok if Annabeth catches a ride with us? Her parents aren't able to get her and she doesn't have her car?" Piper looked towards Annabeth for confirmation, and after the blonde nodded, Piper looked towards Percy. "Yeah, definitely. Come on, let's go." The four left, and Piper and Jason instantly called the back seats, throwing this stuff into them back of the worn out car. Percy bit his lip. "I know it's probably no where near as good of a car as you have, but it works great, and my..family can't afford a better one." Translation: Percy had to earn the money for this second hand car from their neighbor because Gabe certainly wouldn't get one for him. Annabeth shrugged. "Well, it's better than my car: mainly because I don't have one. I use my dad's usually, but he needed it today.." Annabeth avoided his questioning glance at her lie and she got in the car. Percy, after a moment of hesitation, joined her, starting up the engine. Annabeth was certainly different. But Percy liked that. "Really, Piper? Already trying to swallow poor Jason? I thought you want him to survive long enough for you two to finally have-" Annabeth's joking response got cut off by Piper's punch in the arm, and Annabeth laughed. "Hey, you're the one who kept going on and on about how big you thought his-" Annabeth got punched harder this time, and she quieted. Percy looked in the mirror to see both Jason and Piper red with embarrassment, and then gave a quick glance to Annabeth who was smirking. Yep, he definitely liked her. As a friend of course. But how had he never really noticed her before today? Annabeth's POV Annabeth pretended not to notice Percy's gaze at her. After dropping Piper and Jason off, Percy blushed. "Oh, I forgot to ask where to drop you off." Annabeth hid a smile. "It's on Athens Lane. Just take a left in-" Percy interrupted her. "Oh, I know where that is. You live by Luke Castellan, right?" Annabeth felt herself redden. Before Thalia and Luke started dating, she had