Intertwined - A Bellisle story by utterlybewitched A/N : Disclaimer: I do not intend to make money out of this. All characters and settings belong to Stephenie Meyer and I thank her for creating these wonderful characters! I am simply borrowing them and twisting them for my evil schemes. Chapter 1 "How can you see into my eyes, like open doors? Leading you down into my core Where I've become so numb. Without a soul, my spirit's sleeping Somewhere cold Until you find it there, and lead it back home." - Evanescence "Never, never tell them. Try and remember that. Never tell anyone anything ever. Never tell anyone anything again." – Ernest Hemingway It still astounded him how through all the centuries and eras that humans were a constant inhabitant on this earth, on this very ground, the sky hardly altered. The ground changed, people were born, lived their lives in solitude or company, in pure bliss or agony, impacted others with their virtuous or sinful behaviour, and found their ends in graves deep down under the soil. It all starts with life and ends with death before starting over and over again. Earth changed constantly, yet when he looked up to the heavens it stayed the same. Each morning when dawn broke through dozens of branches of trees and made their way to the soil, it announced the sun rise and warmed the earth and its inhabitants with life, till at twilight light started to fade and the lunar circle was now a substitute for the elementary reason for existence – the sun. The heavens above him stayed the same throughout all the centuries – each morning he would watch the sun rise, observe the sun at its peak, even though often times clouded, until he would see the sun disappear behind the gray mountains of Canada's wilderness. Each day he knew the sun would rise and be gone by the time he was finished with his work at the hospital so he could safely excuse himself and make his way home without raising any suspicion. And each and every day he found peace and tranquillity when he looked up to the heavens above him, whose cycle would never change, and would go on even when the humans around him grew old and could not observe the sky any longer due to their short life span. He would observe the sky as long as mankind existed, probably even beyond that, as long as God would have him, as long as Earth could still gravitate around the sun. So it was no surprise that this morning Carlisle decided to close his heavy, dusty, old leader-bound book, filled with contents of thousands of Latin terms of the human anatomy that he had long memorized since reading it the first time in 1667. The pages were yellowed, not due to lack of care on his side, god forbid – he would carefully turn the pages, worshipping each page, each word, each particle that cohered to the other - more so it was yellowed by oxygen that he himself did not need. He could place his books on a shelf with UV- filters to further prevent the pages from yellowing, he could further store his precious books at the optimum temperature around 70 degrees Fahrenheit, but oddly enough he rejoiced the fact that his surroundings slowly faded from age and usage while his cells were forever frozen at the age of 23 – no more growing, no more changing. It gave him pleasure to see his artefacts growing older and therefore remembering him of his true age and all the experiences that came with them. Moreover, he could cease reading his books altogether, for every word was already memorized in his complex brain and he could easily enumerate that after cervical vertebrae it was thoracic vertebrae, lumbar vertebrae, sacrum and finally coccygeal vertebrae that followed, Carlisle, however, liked reading the familiar words that calmed his whirling, racing thoughts; they turned from a burning fire, making its way to ignite even more until nothing was left but ashes, to a constant burning of a candle light – the fire still remained present, but did not threaten to inflame everything around him. So did his thoughts: he would still think them, simultaneously keeping his mind busy with the anatomy of the spine, but they would be distracted to a certain degree and kept securely behind closed doors where he wanted them. After closing his book with utmost care, he slowly made his way towards the windows which were facing the blue mountains. He could have used his vampire pace; it would have taken him exactly one - quarter of a second to be at the windows, he, however, chose against it. Unlike his family members who were exasperated by having to use the human pace in presence of them, Carlisle was content to walk in human pace occasionally. It made him feel human . And what use had vampire pace when he had forever? He was not stressed; he was not worried about running out of time as many humans his pretended age were. Patience is a virtue , he thought, as he watched light red and yellow hues form in the clouds behind the Brobdingnagian mountain chain, announcing the beginning of a new day not yet lived. Still, no sane person would have waited as incredibly long as he did; and often times Carlisle harboured the thought that he indeed lost his sanity sometime around the eighteen hundreds. The young doctor has read dozens of books – his friends as he fondly called them, and he held them all close to his cold, non-beating heart. He learned through them, he felt with them, laughed with them and cried silent tears with them. Still it was not enough for he longed deeply for a physical companion. Carlisle had waited almost 300 years to turn someone, to make him experience the exact same pain of the infernal transformation, to bind him tightly to an invariable eternal life he himself had never wanted. Evidently, one bite did not guarantee that his partner would forever remain at his side, but Carlisle silently hoped still that his friend would be someone special, someone who he would not have to shield away from, someone who would understand him, and most importantly – someone who could share his rigorous views. Only later he realized that it was never enough. In the end, it was his own selfishness that had forced him to turn the handsome, bronze-haired boy with green orb-looking eyes into an immortal monster back then in 1918 in midst of the Spanish Influenza that had caused thousands of helpless victims to succumb to death. An unusual plague had started spreading in January 1918 – whereas the first epidemic wave hit mostly weak individuals such as infants and the very old, the second wave killed previously healthy young adults; mostly young men – juvenile boys who had been ecstatic first to stand up with heavy armour to protect their Fatherland's front. The general population had an expectancy that the Great War would end as quickly as it had begun, but no one could have presumed it would last four awfully long years. As though it was not enough to read the long death roll in the newspapers each day, reminding Carlisle of the youthful lives who were being exploited by a needless war, now, however, those who had scarcely survived had to fight another obstacle that seemed impossible for the physicians to overcome. The doctor's hands were bound, they had to helplessly watch victims suffer from causes that were hard to fathom. The folks were familiar with pandemic diseases such as typhoid, yellow fever, diphtheria, and cholera, so it came as no surprise that doctors misdiagnosed the strange new case as such. Carlisle, however, knew better - haemorrhages from the nose, stomach, and intestine or bleeding from the ears were fairly new symptoms that could not be associated with these diseases; moreover the colouring of the skin with a blue-ish tint was novel altogether. Carlisle confirmed his suspicions - it was indeed the deadly Spanish influenza. It was in 1918 that Carlisle worked night shifts at a local hospital in Chicago, Illinois – here he had patients who suffered from the evil as well for barely any place on this world was untouched by the devil himself. Carlisle was now fully immersed in his memories and they took him many years back to a most fateful day in August 1918. "Doctor Cullen, " nurse Maggie, an elderly woman, called his name out in fright, " make haste, make haste! " Her voice usually sounded quite unaffected and filled with boredom and the staff often times wondered why she was in such proficiency in the first place. Now, however, her voice screeched and echoed through the corridors so loudly that Carlisle feared patients could be awoken, had not most of them been unconscious already. He almost shushed her, telling her to keep her voice low from now on, but he feared that questions would arise on how he could make out the most silent noises countless of rooms away. Carlisle hurried down the gloomy – lit corridors, each and every space occupied either by hospital beds or medical equipment, until he arrived at the quarantine, his impeccable black shoes, echoing in the hallways, would not be admired in such a place. His smile that met many patients on his way to the quarantine was overcome with grief – his attempts at easing the illness had been in vain, and it was a feeling entirely unexplainable to those who were not in his footsteps. Many years he had to witness thousands of people dying. It was a most angst-burdened feeling to be the confidential victim himself, utterly dependable on the doctor's skill, but to watch from afar how the light left someone's eyes was never a sentiment he would grow accustomed to. Primum non nocere – first, do no harm – was a phrase he tried to live his whole life after, but oft-times abstaining from doing anything felt as atrocious as doing harm. He felt like a failure and his mind constantly scolded him to work faster, harder, better, to research more thoroughly and efficiently, to open up his arms widely as a shield and keep humanity from any harm. Somehow, his arms were not long enough, not sturdy enough despite being made from granite, so that instead of ricocheting, all evil simply made his way through him. The door was opened already and the nurse appeared in his sight. She need not make any explanations for it was clear for him to see what exactly had occurred. The sight was regrettably familiar. Elizabeth Masen – a petite lady with bronze hair and green eyes, just like her son's - was moaning and writhing on her bed, sweat covering her forehead from exhaustion and fever. "EDWARD ", she cried out in agony. Her eyes were closed, one could mistake her from having a nightmare; the blond doctor, however, knew better. Carlisle's brow creased and he silently made his way to her bedside and put his arms securely around her fragile shoulders. Her motherly effort at being a helping hand and caring for her son had made her ill herself. "Mrs. Masen, everything is alright. You are safe ", he assured her. He knew the fever conjured the most scattered hallucinations, but he found that speaking in a soft tone, reassuring the patient of their surroundings, helped immensely. Despite all of his efforts, Mrs. Masen kept on moaning and crying out her dead husband's name while Carlisle turned to the nurse and ordered her to bring him a bucket filled with water. Elizabeth Masen's condition had worsened exponentially. It was only yesterday that Mrs. Masen had complained about a blazing pain in her head and limbs, and although she showed signs of