Chapter 1 Prologue and Manifest The Void The Primordial Chaos was floating through the void with a grin on his face, he had finally found someone to wield the power of Darkness. What is the power of darkness you might ask well it is something his brother Order unleashed onto the galaxy. Originally Darkness existed with their father Unknown but according to legend Darkness vanished from the galaxy leaving no trace behind, that was until Order released it from the prison Unknown had sealed him into. Finally free Darkness started to conquer the galaxy one planet after another. The Primordial's that hadn't gone to sleep united to face this new threat, but they weren't strong enough to stop him, he was one of the Original Creators and nothing they had could stop him. When the war began Darkness revealed he wasn't alone instead he had several commanders that could match the Primordial's in power, not only that but he also had his own personal army that was determined to conquer everything that stood in there way. As the Primordial's continued to fall one after another against the coming horde, there father Chaos had awakened from his millennium long slumber and went to battle alongside his remaining children that had managed to resist them despite there dwindling power. It proved to be too late however, Darkness and his armies had spread out of control and now they were nearly impossible to defeat. Almost the entire galaxy was under their rule and very soon the rest would follow. So together the Primordial's gathered knowing what was to happen should he and his children fall Chaos made the ultimate sacrifice any Primordial could make. With the help of his last son Aether the Primordial of Light and second in command to his father. With the help of his last sisters they cut open there fathers chest unleashing a power no one had seen before. Like the pull of a black hole Chaos swallowed Darkness and sealed him into his body, effectively became the first host of Darkness. With their leader gone, infighting broke out between the armies of Darkness, some killed each other off while others retreated as far away as possible for they didn't want to be at the end of the Primordial's rage. Chaos's brother Order also ran away but unlike the armies he retreated into the darkest and deepest pits of Tartarus in self appointed exile. All he ever wanted was to learn about their father's history but he had chosen the wrong way. Before he sealed the doors of his prison he promised to himself that one day he would return and right the wrongs he had made. That all happened 10,000 years ago and now Chaos had weakened considerably. Even though he was the host of Darkness, it had fought him for control so that it could finish what it had started long ago. Knowing what would happen once he entered his state of sleep Chaos used some of his remaining power to split Darkness apart. When the task was finished Aether took the physical embodiment of darkness and sealed him into a planet that had been dead for a long time. The planet was then placed in the center of the galaxy, while the most powerful of his children were placed as the guards of the prison. The powers of Darkness were however sealed into a small gem the size of a human heart. Once the task had been completed Chaos then went in search for someone that could wield the power without being corrupted by its influence. He had seen a vision of the future and one day Darkness would return to finish what he started and next time he wouldn't be around to help his children. As a thousand years passed by Chaos feared he would never find someone worthy of wielding this terrible power. Meanwhile the prison was weakening and Darkness was growing stronger, it was only a matter of time till the prison shattered. Chaos knew he didn't have the power to face him again and once he returned his armies would return from wherever they ran to. While Chaos was floating through space, he felt something pulling himself to the planet Earth and his sleeping daughter Gaea. He didn't know it but the remains of his father Unknown was using his power to lead his son to the planet because a boy had been born that had the potential to wield the powers without being corrupted by him. Watching from the shadows Unknown watched as his son transformed into an eagle and flew to the city of New York. As minutes passed and turned into hours Unknown started to get annoyed at how thick his son had become. Despite leading him to the planet his son had no clue where he was going and had flown in circles trying to find the reason he had gone to that particular place. Sighing he used a bit more of his power and Chaos went to the place that he had been waiting for. Landing on a phone line eagle Chaos looked at the source of where this pull was coming from. It was coming from an apartment room where two babies were sleeping inside. Looking around Chaos felt no trace of any other soul inside. Flying into the open window Chaos transformed into a human and looked at the cribs. Inside two children were sleeping peacefully, one he could tell was a child of an Olympian but nothing special. Instead the girl interested Chaos, because he could feel that she was the one that had powers that were stronger than the boys. Trying to find out why he suddenly saw that she was a daughter of a titan or more specifically Oceanus. At first Chaos felt that girl was the one he had came for but before he could bring the gem out Chaos was pulled into a vision that his father had forced on him. Looking around Chaos saw he was standing in a desert of his best guess Earth. No other planet had a desert for some reason but he didn't care about that. Apparently out of all his children only his daughter Gaea was fascinated by the vastness of deserts while his other children hated them but that didn't matter now. Instead he was more interested in the person who was standing in the distance. He couldn't see much but from what he could see a man was standing in black battle armor while a black cloak covered his armor and a hood was drawn up covering his face in darkness. The unknown person was looking at the sky and Chaos looked and saw a huge black dragon fly above before landing on the ground. The male then pulled out two swords and the dragon growled before a huge torrent of fire shot out of its mouth, blackening the sky. Slowly black clouds formed and a large amount of black ooze was beginning to fall from them instead of rain water. Waiting to see the rest, Chaos was then pushed away from the vision and found he was facing the baby boy. Examining the boy a little better Chaos's eyes widened considerably at the thought going through his head. Is this boy the one I saw in my vision? Chaos asked. Suddenly a mental picture of the man he saw, was standing behind the boys crib. Knowing what had to be done Chaos pulled the gem out of his robes and looked at the child as tears formed in his eyes. He was crying because he had finally found the person he was looking for and one day this boy would face Darkness. I am sorry boy, but you will suffer terribly. I only hope you know that whatever pain you suffer, will only happen because you must be ready to face an ancient evil. Chaos thought. Extending his arm over the boy he turned his hand over and the gem fell out of his hand and towards the boy. As the gem was about to make contact with the boys blanket it disappeared. Looking at the boy's small body Chaos saw a small but faint glow in the location of the child's heart meaning that the powers were now inside of the boy. Making sure a gate was in place, for the boys body wouldn't be able to handle the power in such a small state. Turning around to leave Chaos came face to face with annoyed face of his son Aether. Aether had finally found someone he believed could wield the power of Darkness but when he went to his father's last known location he was annoyed to find out he wasn't there. Instead he found him on the body of his sister Gaea who was currently in a deep state of sleep like the majority of his family. "Father I believe I have f—" however a hand silenced Aether. "My son there is no need; I have already found someone who will wield those powers." Chaos then motioned to the boy behind him. Looking behind his father Aether saw a baby boy sleeping in a crib and a small glow caught his attention. Walking past his father Aether looked at the boy but he couldn't see anything special about him. The girl was the one that interested him though; she had power and potential that had yet to be seen. "Father, why have you chosen this boy? The girl here is obviously stronger than him." "Aether, when will you learn? Power means nothing, besides I had a vision that showed me that one day this boy would face Darkness in a battle." Aether looked at his father in disbelief before looking at the boy in disbelief that a human would one day face Darkness in battle. As he was about to voice his disbelief Aether was pulled into a vision of his own. In the distance two people were standing next to one another. One was male and the other was female but Aether felt like he saw them from somewhere. Could these two be the very same babies that I now see? The vision then ended prematurely and Aether saw his father was beginning to fade again. Not wanting to waste time Aether walked over to the girl and placed a hand onto her small head. His hand glowed slightly before he pulled away. Looking at the girl Chaos saw the symbol of Aether appear over her head. Turning to face his son he wanted to ask what his son was doing but his time was finally up. With a grin Chaos faded and entered another sleep leaving his son in the room alone. What Chaos didn't know was that Aether blessed the girl because he felt that one day the two of them would battle one another. Wanting to make the battle an even fight he had blessed the girl because he felt that one day she would also help in the coming battle. Turning around Aether felt a sadness in his heart since his father was gone again. Now only he and a few of his brothers and sisters remained. 'Father, I swear on your name that when Darkness comes to this planet. I will return to aid our champions who will hopefully end what we had started.' With that Aether vanished leaving no trace of him or his father ever being there. Once he left, a golden thread was made that connected the two children together. Unknown looked at the two children who he had connected, it might be cruel but they would be drawn to one another no matter how far they ran. Leaving the room the babies woke up and looked at one another. Neither could think yet but they were interested in the other's eyes. However the two then fell asleep right as their mothers entered the room to check on