It had been a long couple of hours since her name had been chosen on live TV for the 100th Hunger games. Lily feather, age 9, was trembling. Her name had not been shouldn't have been entered in the first place! Her parent's had entered it selfishly for the food it offered. Her parents, true careers, had no fear for her. Told her to face death boldly, and to come out on top. Told her "Lily, bye! See ya in the next life!". Or at least that was basically what they said. Lily had never gotten to half the training the others had by the age parents kinda assumed she could absorb skill by osmosis. So, she knew she was going to die. She probably wouldn't survive the first day. She waved goodbye to her district out the window of the train, taking it all in for the last time. She wanted to remember her district fondly. The ten others from district four were happily chatting. All assuming that they would win, she guessed. There was Logan Reed and his sister Ericanna, Identical twins aged around 17. There was Jolie, age 25. There was Michael and Riha, both 15. There was also Ferona, Caesar, Mele, and Nellie, aged at 13. There was Cameron, aged 11, and the other unusual, as she had taken to calling the quarter quell exceptions, Killa, aged 8. She felt bad for Killa, she knew her family had done the same thing as hers. Jolie, the old unusual, had probably also entered herself for the food, never expecting to get picked. However, she was a solid career. Lily's bet for who would win was on her. The other 89 tributes were from the other districts, a whopping 15 of them from 12, another 17 from 11, and even more surprising, 2 from the new 13, also called 14, as no one wanted to share the same name as the rebellious state. The rebellion had been crushed over 24 years ago, but still, there was superstition. The capitol had obliterated and rebuilt, proclaiming 14 the new capitol favorite. As such, capitolites flocked there, and found themselves trapped into their new life. They lived like any other district, working, but with more food, and never allowed to return back to the capitol by law. Once you left, there was no return. From any district, at any time, except for the president and the hunger games. In a rare turn of events, there was a tribute from the capital, a 26 year old who had volunteered in place of a 6 year old child. The youngest in the games because of this was 8. Thankfully, the children from the 'under the normal rules' category totaled 5. Her, Killa, some kid from 11, and two more from 12. She intended to talk to all of them, have a children's alliance. Maybe some of the 11 year olds would join too. She looked out the window in time to see the capitol coming into view. Living fairly close, the ride had only been a few hours. She noted the remains of the rebellion were being wiped away. The walls filled with graffiti were being painted a silver and white pattern, adding elegance to the entryway of the capitol. They pulled into the large, solid glass, training center. She stepped off, finding a pair of bursting twins in pink and blue wigs waiting for her. Must be her stylists. She groaned, hoping that she wouldn't be dressed like a fish again, just like the past several years. Before then it was a fishing net. She was stripped of her hair, all of it, including the stuff on her head. She shivered and groaned as the pain washed over where her hair had been just moments ago. They waxed it until it was shiny, then stuffed her into a wavy blue and white dress. It moved with every step, bouncing up and down. She felt like a moving piece of mold. Her skin was decorated to the effect of tentacles, until she became a moving jellyfish. She guessed it was better than mold. She still hated jellyfish, one had stung her when she was little, and it had gotten infected. Because her family couldn't afford medicine, she was missing two of her fingers on her right hand. She jerked back to reality just in time to notice that her head was covered in a rubberish dome of blue, with soft, clear strips of fabric hanging down to her feet. As she glanced in the mirror, she noted that if she didn't have feet, she would look just like a real jellyfish. She found herself shuddering at her own reflection involuntarily. She wondered what her partner would look like. Or if the group would go tried to imagine all 11 of them packed into one small chariot. She hoped they would be separate. If nothing else, to save the poor horses from struggling along the mile ride. "When it gets dark, hit this button." The stylist with blue hair handed her a small blue button that adhered to her hand. She nodded, and headed out to meet the others. Logan and Ericanna were sharks, Jolie and Killa were seaweed and coral pieces. Most of the others were some variation of fish or clam. She was paired with Nellie, who was dressed as an Anemone. She nodded at Lily. She obviously was hoping to be paired with Caesar, the clown fish. Her dress was very form-fitting, a shiny came down to just above her knees. Her skin was painted red, shaded and glittery. It seemed to dance under the lights, and catch fire under the sun. Her head was surrounded by a crown of tentacles in yellow. Her head was painted and obviously shaved as well. She also had a button. Neither had any idea what they did. Their chariot, painted in pink coral and orange fish, rolled out. "District four females, Lily Feather and Nellie Linnamen!" The announcer called out. The stadium, a one mile trot, began to dim, lights slowly flickering on. Nellie looked at her, and they pressed the buttons. Her hat began to glow, and blue water began flowing around her, between her tentacles, in a solid waterfall, leaving a trail of mist and steam behind her. Miraculously, the chariot, ground,carts behind them and herself, were all dry. She glanced over through the streaming water to see that Nellie was also lit up, and a light fire danced around her crown, mimicking the movements of goldfish. Her dress had also come alive, swimming with fish. Lily glanced at her dress, to find the fringe was lit up and pulsing like it was swimming through water. Finally they neared the end, and she immediately exited and went to her room to get cleaned up. She was so tired already, she couldn't stand to smile or wave anymore. She felt like punching through the wall. "Floors black. Walls black. Ceiling tinted water" She commanded the room as she stripped and washed. The walls immediately went black, the ceiling looking like water swirling above her head. She washed away the blue paint and changed into some fleece pants and a t-shirt. She fell asleep without eating, wondering what the next day would hold. She hoped it involved a lot less people interaction. At least with the idiot capitol people. She would have to make a few alliances, so she braced herself for being nice to people. Just one alliance, then she could go back to her books, her solitude. After sleeping, she began reading. Part to prolong meeting people, another part to learn something to help her in the games. She knew knowledge wouldn't be everything, but it could help. According to this book she found on starvation and survival, she needed to eat about 5 pounds in fat to have enough energy to go 6 days without food. She was hoping the games wouldn't last much longer than that. So, she had noodles for breakfast, along with fruit. This would become her diet for the next few meals as well. She then headed down to the training center. She found that the room was overrun with people. There was separate rooms for every district, but many had gathered in the main room to talk and show off. She located Killa, and started to move over to her. She scaled the rock wall and jumped onto the netting on the ceiling. She loved to do things like that to fishing nets, but that was in the water. She could climb while on a boat, but that was also with the rocking movement and wet netting from fish. Her adapted hands found that the dry ropes hurt her hands, and she was slipping because of this. She heaved herself into the net, and hung herself above Killa, dangling by her ankles, feet wrapped around a second piece of netting. Her face was just a few inches from the top of Killa's head. She stretched out an arm and tapped her on the shoulder. "Killa, come up here!" The girl looked up and nodded, coming up the same way Lily had. LIlly reached up and pulled herself back over the side of the net, settling in like it was a hammock. "Lily, what's up?" "I was thinking…" "That can be very dangerous" "I know. Anyway, what do you think of a children's alliance? All the underage tributes." "So, anyone under 17? That will work...NOT!" "No, just the five under limit kids, and maybe one or two of the elevens." Killa nodded. "That may be the best chance any of us have. No one wants little kids dragging them down. The elevens are already in a few alliances, but only the career ones. But it would be nice if we could recruit some of the older tributes. You know, for protection's sake." "Let's go find the others." Lily shrugged Killa's suggestion off. It would just alert the older tributes to the formation of their alliance. Then again, they would find out anyway. It wasn't a bad idea... She swung from the net onto a support beam, once again finding that it was much harder to do out of water. She and Killa first found the district 11 tribute. "Hey!" The kid looked around, confused. He was a dark skinned boy of medium stature. She would age him around ten. "Up here!" "HI!" The kid scaled one of the smooth beams holding up the ceiling to join them. Lily was impressed, she needed hand and foot holds to climb. "You stuck here too?" He cocked his head, staring at her with a lopsided grin on his face. "Yeah. We are starting a children's alliance. You want to join?" "Sure! Jared, by the way." "Lily, that's Killa." Lily had to wonder if that was too easy, of if Jared had been thinking along the same lines as her. "Oh," Jared said, "We are bringing my friend Mika along." He pointed to a tall black guy across the room. Lily guessed he was around 19. "Ok..why?" Lily eyed him suspiciously "Because I won't ever desert my friend! We promised we would stick together." "YES! Told ya we should have an older kid!" Killa almost jumped with joy. "Fine, we can bring him along" Lily eyed him with distaste. She had only wanted a younger kid's alliance. Now they had some tagalong older guy. But how bad could having an older kid with them be? The three of them set off, First telling MIka of their alliance. He insisted on joining them, so the four of them...Four! That would make six, and lily wanted an Alliance with an odd number of people. NOw she had to recruit another older kid. Perfect. So, the four of them set off, finding the two district 12s staying apart from each other like the other was the plague. Lily dropped to the floor. "Hi, I'm