Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore was tired. Many a man often felt that they held the weight of the world upon their shoulders, but the phrase held much more truth in regards to him than it did to almost any other. This was a man upon whom great power had been thrust, despite his wishes. This was the man that thousands looked up to, despite how he looked down upon himself. This was the man who had just been handed potentially world-shaking information in the fight that his society currently found itself it. As Headmaster of the most prestigious school for Witchcraft and Wizardry in Europe, if not the world, he had to strive to ensure that the highest degree of educational standards be maintained across the many academic fields and years that the school housed. Be it Transfiguration, or even the short class on Flying. Be it for First Year students, or those completing their masteries. Further, he had to do so without allowing any field of study a greater degree of importance than any other. It would be quite unseemly for the Headmaster to show bias in any form. Despite all this, a very core part of his being could not help but think of the field of Divination as, at the very least, 'woolly'. Although he had never studied it as a subject during his years as a student, he had managed to go over a great many of the literature he could find in regards to the field. No matter how much he studied the intricacies of Divination, that core feeling of disbelief and uneasiness he held about the subject never truly went away. It was because of this that the interview he had just conducted with a young woman for the position of Professor of Divination was always going to be fairly difficult for him to go through. As such, nearing the conclusion of the interview where he had found the woman rather unsatisfactory, no part of him was expecting, or even considering the possibility of, feeling the world explode. Of course, no such explosion occurred physically – in fact, the most damage done was probably when one of the drunks from the bar below attempted to barge into the room he was holding the interview in – but as far as his senses were concerned, an explosion might as well have occurred. First came the sharp chill that seemed to envelop him, a cold not dissimilar to the vile aura generated by Dementors. A deep penetrating cold that seemed to hold him by his very bones, making it impossible for him to move. After that came the smell of ozone, overcoming the charms his brother had painstakingly worked in to keep the room smelling of lavender. And then the flash of light, painfully bright, making him shield his eyes as it flickered between various hues within milliseconds. The sound was, maddeningly, worse, with his ears constantly being bombarded with constant crests and troughs of raw, primal, force. And then he heard the voice. The slow, nervous voice of Sybil Trelawney which he had been listening to five seconds ago had been replaced with something… else . The force behind the voice was raw and urgent, echoing around him as if being shouted back by thousands, if not millions, of other voices carrying the same force. Each syllable spoken seemed to squeeze and release his heart, as if holding him captive until the message had been delivered. And once the message had been completed, everything his senses had felt – the thrashing sounds and the echoing voice, the lights, the smell, everything – vanished. On the whole, Albus Dumbledore could, with great confidence, state that those scant few seconds were the most terrifying seconds of his life by far. And now he was going to revisit the event, safe, hopefully, in the confines of a pensive. Reviewing his memory of those few seconds once, twice, and then thrice, first made him doubt is own sanity, and then when acceptance of the events washed over him, made him accept that perhaps Divination was not so 'woolly' after all. " The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies... " A prophecy. Had it been anyone else who had heard this prophecy and attempted to inform him, he would have discarded it as trash. However, it was difficult to refute something when he himself was the sole witness to the event. Although what this prophecy meant… "… you say so, Albus?" Albus Dumbledore immediately snapped himself out of his contemplation at the query directed at him, looking towards one of the many portraits that lined the wall around him. While he certainly knew that he was quite knowledgeable in many fields of magic, never in even his wildest imagination did he think that he would be handed a genuine prophecy to decipher and deal with. As such, he had turned to a resource that he knew he could trust beyond a shadow of a doubt, one which had helped guide and advise him many times in past years: The Hogwarts Headmasters and Headmistresses Holding. The Hold was a circular wall in a sealed room, deep inside Hogwarts, that held some of the greatest treasures of the institute, and as such, was accessible only to the Headmaster or Headmistress in residence. One of the greatest treasures in this room was a True Portrait of every Headmaster and Headmistress to have served the school, carrying magic strong enough to emulate the person as they truly had been, a magic leagues above the standard Portraits that held but mere echoes of their original selves. These portraits, numbering a total of 45, were a meant to be a source of wisdom and guidance for the respective successors, and as they were bound to both Hogwarts and Albus himself, he felt no qualms in bringing the prophecy before them. "I apologise, dear Gwgri, I lost myself in my own thoughts there. Could you please repeat yourself?" "I asked," Began the portrait, "whether it is possible that this prophecy is not meant for this time? It could simply point to any unnamed Dark Lord in the future. Why are you so certain that it refers to your current adversary?" Albus barely had time to formulate a response when another portrait intervened. "While plausible, it is highly unlikely, Gwgri." The attention of 44 portraits and the one wizard in attendance shifted to the portrait of Hildegard of Bingen, Headmistress from 1179 until her untimely death in 1213. "A True Prophecy holds many signs, not the least of which is the primal nature of the magic involved in invoking such a prophecy. Albus's description of the events leave me with no doubt that this must be a True Prophecy. And one of the essential facts about a True Prophecy is their definitive nature. They are only given to those who will drive the Prophecy to completion, and their effect is immediate. There can be no doubt – this Prophecy shall be executed within Albus's lifetime, or soon enough after his death that events leading up to it can still be effected by him in some vein or form. As such, we can be assured that unless another Dark Lord can rise within Albus's lifetime, the current holder of that title must be the subject of the Prophecy." "Apologies, Hildegard, but I am quite unarmed with any knowledge regarding prophecies, or these True Prophecies that you mention. As I see it, this prophecy announces the coming of someone who shall defeat the Dark Lord, agreed?" A nod was the only response offered as the Portrait of Armando Dippet questioned Hildegard. "That's all well and good. My question is – what does Albus have anything to do with it?" There was a slight pause as the Portraits saw Hildegard gather her thoughts before she replied. "It is in the nature of True Prophecies. A prophecy in and of itself is simply a vague notion of events that may or may not occur in the future. While these prophecies do come true occasionally, they can also be completely and utterly nonsense. There is no guarantee that anything mentioned will even come close to reality. These are prophecies that can be divined by your average witch or wizard, using the various arts at their disposal. A True Prophecy is something completely different, because it simply cannot ever be performed willingly by a person. What truly causes this phenomenon to occur has, to my knowledge, never been discovered. But there are certain factors that are known to us: a True Prophecy can only be delivered through a Seer, it will always come to fruition, and it will always be driven by the person it was delivered to rather than any it speaks of. Whether Albus wishes to or not, it will always be him that effects the path that the Prophecy will take. And from my understanding of it, his role is most crucial." "I believe you say this because of the open ended nature of the Prophecy? That the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches – not necessarily the one who will want to vanquish the Dark Lord." Albus's question was one that had jumped to him immediately after his first time revisiting the Prophecy in the pensive. The possibility of another Lord with the power and ideals of Tom worried him the most about this Prophecy, and he hoped that one of his predecessors would be able to adequately assuage that fear. "Unfortunately yes. There is no doubt that the Prophecy speaks of the coming of another Lord, with sufficient power to back him, and yet there must undoubtedly be room for that power to be used in a manner in tune with the goals of the current Dark Lord. You would, in effect, have two Dark Lords as your adversaries." There was an undeniable aura of fear that grabbed him at the thought. There was only one occurrence across history of two Dark Lords working together The Lost Decade, a period of ten years ranging from 1679 to 1689 which to this day remain shrouded in doubts and confusion. Whatever had occurred during this period had been due to two Dark Lords forming an alliance, and their actions eventually led to the signing and ratification of the International Statue of Secrecy. Any knowledge of that period had completely and utterly vanished. Whatever atrocities had been committed, they had been enough for the knowledge of that period to be bound within the minds of those who knew it, until all of them had passed on, with no way to let those who did not know what happened in those dark times. "What must I do?" "There are some clear certainties that we have. A wizard shall be arrive who would have been born at the end of July would also possess the power needed to vanquish the Dark Lord. There is also the possibility that this wizard will actually be born on this July, in which case he will grow into his power eventually. It is the Dark Lord himself who shall acknowledge him as his equal, but he will have powers of which the Dark Lord is ignorant, whether due to sheer ignorance or overconfidence. This much, I believe, we all can agree is clear enough to not cause concern." "Agreed. The areas of concern are where the Prophecy states that he will born to those who have defied the Dark