Hello, Readers, This is another Twilight story. I have been writing this one forever. I hope you like it. It starts out in Volturi. I know that the time line between when Carlisle arrived and then when he left is off. I don't know time line very well. So if you know the time line or parts of it, please PM me. I will gladly take your suggestions. Thank you, Zivadavid123 Samantha Raelynn Smith Volturi Cullen Samantha Raelynn Smith wasn't your normal eleven year old girl. She was a vampire that Caius Volturi of Volturra had turned by accident. When Caius had found out about her, he ordered the Guards to get rid of her. That is when they found out about her first special gift. She could project a protection shield around herself to prevent others from harming herself. Each time a guard member would try to 'get rid of her' they always ended up as a pile of ash. Aro Volturi, who was one of the three leaders of the vampire world, Marcus and Caius being the other two, didn't like that each of his older members where being killed. So Samantha was cut off from the rest of Volturra. He imitated her as part of her guard. They soon learned that she could remember any and everything said or given to her. She also had a photographic memory, as well as an eidetic memory. Aro started to have her trained as part of the guard. Soon he realized that his guard was slowly losing his numbers in the guard. Marcus, the third and eldest of the Volturi, suggested that Aro let her go and leave her in the care of one of the other Guard members, like Jane or Demitri. Aro consented as long as Jane could keep the energetic eleven year-old in line. "My Lords, how am I going to keep her in line when I myself find myself on a firm telling off from the one of you if I'm not already getting my arse set on fire?" Jane half asked, half demanded. "You will find a way. You may look like a sixteen year, but you're nearly 1000 centuries old. You make her mind you." Aro said. "You best hurry thou, my dear, she has somehow found her way to your rooms." Caius said. Jane's eyes went wide and took Caius words as a dismissal and fled the throne room. Marcus smirked and looked at Caius. "What are you smirking for, Brother?" "We all know that young Samantha only listens to you, Dear Brother." Marcus said, "And she's taken to calling you 'Papa' and you allow it." "No, I don't!" Caius responded before they heard Jane shout. "SAMANTHA VOLTURI, GET YOUR SORRY ARSE BACK HERE!" Jane shouted as she chased a laughing Samantha down the hall toward the throne room. "PAPA, HELP SHE WANTS TO KILL ME!" Samantha shouted as she practically jumped into Caius's arms as she jumped the stairs before their chairs. "She doesn't want to kill you, child. Nor could you, your subconscious won't let her." Caius said as her glared over at Marcus, who had a full blown smile on his face. "Masters, tell her to apologize to me!" Jane nearly shirked at them. "First, child, you must calm down." Marcus said as he rose from his chair to stand in front of Jane cutting off her line of vision to Samantha who was in the safety of Caius's arms. "Samantha, why is Jane chasing you all over?" Aro asked the little girl who was playing with Caius's robes. "Uh?" Samantha asked as sweetly as she could while she looked at Aro, after Caius patted her bottom firmly. "I asked you why Jane was chasing you." "Oh, I was just playing in her closet. Apparently she doesn't like when I rearrange her clothes." "YOU TOOK RED PAINT AND PAINTED ALL OF THEM RED!" Jane shouted. "Oh, pooo, you get blood on your clothes anyways, when you feed. Red paint is no different. Beside it's washable, just like the blood. So the mortals can wash them. And you only wear them here." Samantha said as Caius stared down at her. "Excuse us." Caius said as he stood with Samantha in his arms. "NO, PAPA!" Samantha shouted as she realized that Caius only said that when he was gonna place her across his knee and set fire to her bottom. "You apologize to Jane this minute, young lady, then you and I are gonna have a very long talk about leaving your sister's things alone." Caius said sternly, ignoring the smirks on Aro and Marcus's face. "I'm sorry." Samantha said quietly but loud enough for Jane to hear. "Alright." Jane said as she turns and left the room muttering to her brother about newborn temperament and behavior as they walked out. Caius took Samantha back to his resting chambers where he goes to get time and space away from his brothers and the guard. Samantha sat miserable in his arms as he reached the small bed in the corner meant for her. He sat down and stood her in front of him between his knees. "Explain, now." Caius said. "She was being me to mean. And I know that Aro wants her to be my caregiver/babysitter/minder. I don't need her. I got you." Samantha said. "If she was being mean why didn't you tell us? Aro would have put a stop to it." "I told Alec, he told Jane to be nicer to me because I was your child. That only made her madder and she tried to use her gift on me. I knew she couldn't hurt me that way but it made me mad that she tried. I was gonna come tell you but then I found the red paint in the art room as I was passin' and then I remembered that you all were talkin' with Jane about putting me under her care and it just made me madder. So I took the red paint and went into her closet. I know I shouldn't have but she makes me so mad." Samantha said looking at him. "If you had just come to me then I wouldn't have to do this would I?" "No, sir." "Alright, enough talk. There is a rogue vampire coming soon and I'd like to be there when he comes and you need your nap." "I don't wanna nap!" Samantha said as she pouted. "You will take a nap without a fuss." Caius said as he guided Samantha across his lap and pulled her dress up and panties down. Samantha wiggled a bit then stayed still. After two minutes of a firm spanking at vamp speed, Samantha was in tears and wanting to get up. Caius replaced Samantha's clothes and laid her down on the bed. He gently ran his hand through her hair till her eyes closed. When Samantha woke it was four hours later and Caius had returned to his chambers and was sitting at his desk going over reports. Samantha sat up and looked at him. She could still feel the after effects of her naughtiness and slowly stood up. Making her way over to Caius, she rubbed her eyes. Caius pushed himself away from his desk so Samantha could make herself comfortable on his lap while he worked. It was a daily routine for them. Whenever Samantha was asleep or napping Caius was always in the room when she woke up so they could cuddle till she was fully awake. "What are you doing, Papa?" "What I always do when you're napping/sleeping, I'm going over the most recent reports." "Oh. Are you still mad?" "No, child I am not. I've also talked with Marcus and Aro, along with Jane and Alec. I've reminded all of them that you are still in your newborn stage and will be quite tempered and out of sort as you continue to learn our ways and what you can and can't do. I've also told Jane and Alec, they must be patient with you and not to be so harsh or demanding while they teach you our ways. Jane didn't like that she was being told off so I'd stay clear of her for a while." "What is that new smell on you, Papa?" Samantha asked as she smelt his shirt and noticed the new smell." "That would be the new vampire that is current taking resident here for a while. His name is Carlisle. Aro seeks to make him our successor should something happen to us. You will probably see him a lot around the castle and Volturra. When you do see him, you best be on your best behavior. I've never Sire a childe before, so you best behave. Am I understood?" "Yes sir. May I go now? I'm more awake." "You may. Go to the kitchens for a snack and remember to stay clear of Jane for the reminder of the day." "How am to stay clear of her if she comes looking for me?" "Then you come straight to Aro, Marcus, or me. Clear?" "Yes, Papa." Samantha said then left the room and made her way slowly towards the kitchen. As she was walking she didn't realize that Carlisle was trailing behind her. And didn't notice till the last second when he grabbed her arm. "HEY! Let me go!" "Why are you walking by yourself, don't you know its dangerous thing to do around here?! It isn't safe for you to be by yourself in these halls." Carlisle asked as he knelt to her level. "I walk by myself because Master permits me too. Yes, I'm a vampire just like you, sir. Let me introduce myself. Samantha Smith Volturi, Newborn. First year." Samantha said as she pulled her arm from his grip and held out her hand for a handshake. "Excuse me, my dear, I didn't know. My name is Carlisle Cullen. I'm only 100 years old to the day I was turned. Aro has taken a likeness for my ability to refuse Human blood. So I'll be staying in the castle for a while." Carlisle said. "You refuse to drink from a human or the thought of drinking from another living being discusses you. Personal, I would rather drink blood from an animal then a human. But Papa and the others don't, so no one can teach me how." Carlisle smiled and took her hand he told one of the guard members to let one of the Volturi leaders that he was taking Samantha out to the woods to feed. "Caius doesn't want her feeding off of animals." The guard member told her. "What if I told Papa you were refusing to do what I wanted? That you made me cry." "Vampires don't cry wet tears, Samantha." "They do if part of their gifts is a human trait." Samantha said with a smirk. The guard member sighed and told his partner to tell Aro where they have gone and that he went to accompany them. "Thanks, Alec." Samantha said. "I hope you know, what you're doing, Dr. Cullen." Alec said as they fled the castle under the cloaks and robes that they were wearing. "Because once Aro and Caius find out not only will Samantha be ground again. But you'll get the third degree from the both of them." "Everything will be alright, Alec." Carlisle said. In the time that Carlisle was there, Samantha could almost always be found trailing Carlisle around the castle and the city of Volturra, he had stay for almost 200 years before he told Aro that being in a castle and leading the Vampire World was not something he could see himself doing for a long time yet. Aro reluctantly agreed to let him go on the promise of visits. Carlisle agreed and told them that he would be gone in a weeks' time. When Samantha found out that Carlisle was going she threw a huge