A/N: special thanks to mickey882 for beta-reading and correction of my many mistakes in this chapter. CHAPTER 1 – A KIND OF MAGIC The four-year-old boy called Harry Potter was happy. Not that he knew that was his name, as he never was called that by his relatives. He only knew himself as just 'boy' or 'freak'. Once again he was walking with his auntie Petunia and cousin Dudley to the playground. It was not the present company that made the boy happy, as his relatives had no good feelings for him. Neither the playground, as he was forbidden to leave the sandbox there, and even then he was severely restricted on what he could do. What made the boy happy was the chance to see his friend Liz again. Harry first met her just two days ago, and she quickly became the best presence in his life, as she was the first person in his memory to ever make him happy, as far as he could remember. Ignored by the other children due to his extremely large clothes and sad mood, as well as the stern look of his auntie and the threats of his cousin towards anyone approaching him, Harry was experienced in being alone. For some reason, the little girl also seemed to be lonely, and that caught his attention. Liz was always in the company of her mother. Both used to walk hand in hand through the park, or sit together on one of the benches to watch the other children playing around. Liz was always quiet at her mother's side instead of playing with the toys or approaching the other children. Harry noted that the mother talked a lot with her daughter, but the girl usually just answered with nods, rarely saying a word. It was during one of their walks when they both were near the boy, that little Liz surprised her mother by leaving her side to walk to Harry and took a seat near him in the sandbox, looking at the drawings the boy was making in the sand. Harry, also surprised, was barely able to give her a small smile before turning back to his drawing, far from being at ease with the sudden attention. The girl remained quiet at his side, just watching him for nearly twenty minutes, when the boy finally decided to try to interact with the girl. Shyly, he offered her the Popsicle stick he was using to draw in the sand. Liz glanced between the stick and the boy, as if in doubt about what to do. Noting that, Harry, without leaving his place, reached out and placed the stick at her side before returning to his original position, smiling at her. The girl looked at the stick and then at Harry who, still smiling, nodded his head, inviting her to take the stick. Surprising her mother, who was watching attentively without interfering, and also the boy, Liz finally took the stick but, instead of beginning a drawing of her own, came to the boy and sat very close to him, putting the stick back in his hand and pointing to his incomplete drawing, urging him to restart. Harry just nodded and went back to his work, the girl glued at his side, watching attentively. Uneasy with the silence but knowing that the girl was naturally quiet, Harry started a one-sided conversation explaining in detail to the girl whatever he was doing. He wasn't expecting for answers and she gave him none. Even so, the boy was happy with the attention the girl paid to his words, nodding occasionally. Truth be told, that was more than he had expected, and that simple activity gave him the best moments of his life. He was sure he would remember this afternoon for a long time as a special gift. Harry didn't know how much time they expended that way, hours for sure, when he noticed the sun approaching the horizon, a sure signal that soon his auntie would want to go back home to start dinner. Seeing that his time there was coming to an end, Harry decided to try a closer interaction with the girl. Changing sides relative to her, he took her small right hand, gave her the stick and softly guided her hand through a simple drawing, talking softly to her: "… the other eye… now the mouth…" To his contentment the excitement of the girl was quite noticeable. His heart almost jumped when the girl, finished with the drawing, turned to him and gave the most beautiful smile he ever saw, her eyes shining in happiness. Harry had little time to taste his success, as his auntie was already preparing to walk back home. While he was standing up, the girl also stood up and gave him his first hug, while the mother gently ruffled his hair and whispered a 'thank you' as she walked to her daughter. The boy was sure he was the one in debt, so he was lost in thought trying to understand what he was thanked for. -o0o- The next day Harry was a little sad when he arrived at the playground and did not see the little girl in her usual spot, but soon he saw the little one marching his way, pulling her mother by her hand. Without hesitation, the girl sat close at his side, eyes shining and a big smile on her cute face. Harry smiled back and, showing the stick, asked: "Want to draw together?" to which the girl avidly nodded. A smile exchanged with her mother let the boy know he was welcome to play with her daughter. Harry had another wonderful afternoon that even the angry looks of his auntie and cousin couldn't ruin. Even better, between ice cream and snacks that the girl's mother graciously provided both children, the boy felt for the first time what it was like being satiated. Harry not only received one of everything the girl had, he also ended with half of what the girl received, as usually a half portion was enough for her. Without letting the boy know, the girl's mother certainly noted the several, and severe, differences between Harry and his cousin. One had everything, the other nothing, be it food, tenderness, care, toys, or clothes. While her daughter was finally drawing her first unaided figure, she talked with the shy boy. "Sorry for not talking to you sooner, I hated to meddle when you were so focused. My name is Iekaterina, but everybody call me Beth, thanks to this little girl who is called Elizabeth, or Liz as she prefers." "Nice to meet you, madam. I hope you don't mind me playing with Liz." "Oh, not at all. I even want to thank you for that; she used to be so lonely…" "If you don't mind my question, why are you called Beth?" "Well, you see, when I was teaching Liz her name, I asked her if she would prefer to be called Liz or Beth for short. She thought for a while then just answered me 'I Liz, you Beth'. And that is it, I became Beth since then. But you didn't tell me your name yet." "Well, you can call me…" started the boy, but his aunt interceded. "It's Harry." Petunia said from her bench, and the amazement in the boy's face made it clear it was the first time he heard his own name. 'Very strange!' thought Beth. Liz, who was at Harry's side and heard the tale, looked at them and smiled, satisfied with her choice of name for her mother. Unfortunately, Harry's auntie was too close for Beth to comfortably discuss Harry's home life with the boy, so she decided to address another matter. She had noticed the boy's curiosity about her daughter's behaviour and his uneasiness to ask about her silence and loneliness. She decided he deserved some answers. "Liz is a smart girl, Harry. If she doesn't talk too much, it's just because English is a new language for her. We came from Russia not too long ago, and she will need some more time to adjust to all the new things plus the new language. Don't let her present shyness fool you, she usually is very forward. She is only a little ashamed of not understanding enough to talk back yet." That was followed by the mentioned girl's cry of "Mum!" in protest, but now knowing the reason for the girl's silence, Harry doubled his efforts to talk to her, both about what they were drawing as well as everything else that caught their attention. Soon they started a little game, with Liz pointing or mimicking something for Harry to tell her the name of it in English, which she then repeated while he corrected her pronunciation. Usually Beth was very concerned about her and her daughter's diet, but today she had bought around a lot of sweets for Liz and Harry, just to see how starved the boy was. And what she discovered made her both sad and angry. Her little experiment had confirmed that the boy was being underfed by his relatives. His shyness, clothes and what she saw of his and his relatives' behaviour were not good signals. Beth's scientifically-trained mind was trying to understand why such an amazing and charming boy had been so poorly treated, and how she could stop it. She was convinced the boy had been abused, at least emotionally, and she was now cataloguing all the evidences she could, before presenting a complaint to the proper authorities. Beth certainly would have avoided her little experiment if she knew what it would cost the little boy. As soon as they came back to number 4 Privet Drive, Petunia took him by his ear and screamed at him for his lack of proper behaviour in accepting food from strangers, and not offering some to his cousin, and thousands of other little things she deemed to consider severe offenses to her sense of rightness. The boy never thought so many of his actions could be considered wrong doings, especially when some of them were praised when performed by his cousin. To 'think about his mistakes', the boy was locked in the cupboard under the stairs with the worst punishment of all if he didn't amend his behaviour: being forbidden to go again to the playground. -o0o- That night had everything to be one of the worst nights of the boy's short life, but a surprise was soon to occur to change his life forever, just because he was kind to a little girl with curled blonde hair. With his belly full of sweets and in a boring environment, Harry soon was asleep. In the middle of his dreams, a childish voice woke the boy, asking him, "Want to play?" The boy slowly opened his eyes and searched for the source of the voice, finding Liz's face just inches from his, clearly visible even without his glasses. "Liz? How did you get in here?" he asked the girl while he finished waking up. Although he soon recognized the interior of the cupboard under the stairs, so used he was to that small space, the situation he found himself was totally new and frightening. If it weren't for the presence of the little girl at his side, giggling at his discomfort to keep him from panicking and let him know that no immediate danger was present, he would be terrified. What captivated his attention at first glance was his body floating a foot above the floor, followed by the translucent and ethereal aspect of both his and Liz's bodies. Then he realized that both bodies were in the nude, but that was soon forgotten as he saw, below himself, 'another' Harry calmly sleeping, this one with the 'normal' appearance of a body made of flesh and bones. "First time?" asked Liz, evicting the boy from the stupor he had fallen into.