Percy Jackson was cleaning his empty cabin at Camp Half Blood, getting ready for the inspection. He was thinking about Annabeth, his girlfriend, and how his training had become increasingly more difficult. Later that day, Jason Grace, the son of Zeus, would be coming by to see that everything is nicely ordered and neat. Meanwhile, in the other cabin, Jason Grace was preparing himself for his meeting with Percy. When Jason first arrived at camp half blood, he immediately fell in love with Percy. He had never taken interests in guys before, but seeing Percy's ass through his swim suit must have done something to him. Jason's real intentions today was an attempt at seducing Percy for the first time. Annabeth was just now finishing her training with Chiron. She decided that she would go and talk to Jason, because she knew that he and Piper were going through some "issues". Annabeth had already talked to Piper, but she felt like Jason would need a little more help. Just recently, Jason and Piper got into a big fight, ending up with Jason giving her quite the electric shock. Their relationship had pretty much met its end. She knocked on the door of Zeus's cabin and Jason opened the door. She took a step back in surprise, because Jason was wearing nothing but a small towel on his waist, barely covering up his junk. By the looks of him, he had just taken a shower and added some product to his hair "Uh, before you go do the inspections, don't you think you should, uhm, put on some clothes?" asked Annabeth, looking at Jason's state of undress. "Well, I just took a shower and didn't want to get my clothes yet soooo… I'll just wear this," and then Jason leaned in closely and whispered: "I have a special someone to confront today. I'll stop by the Poseidon cabin and then go an change." Annabeth's eyes widened as she realized what was going to happen. She wished him luck and as soon as Jason closed the door, she sprinted back to Percy in the Poseidon cabin. "Percy! Oh my gods Percy I need to tell you something!" Annabeth yelled as she threw open the cabin door. "What?" Percy asked as he rolled his eyes. "I-I think that uh-uhmm" Annabeth stuttered. "Come on, spit it out." "I think that Jason is going to try and seduce you today," Annabeth rushed out. Percy froze, staring at her. Then, he seemed to relax a little. "Well, I'm surprised that he's waited so long," Percy said. "What? You knew he had a crush on you?" "Well, yeah. I mean, have you seen the way he looks at me and touches me?" Percy asked. A wave of memories flew into Annabeth's mind, memories of Jason using all sorts of excuses to be with Percy, to touch him, and especially rubbing up ever so slightly against his ass. "B-but—" Annabeth stammered. "Don't worry, I'm not gay. I'll just ignore his flirts and hopefully he will get the message. I'll tell him I'm not gay if its necessary," Percy promised. This in fact was true, Percy had never been into guys, the thought hasn't ever pressed his mind. However, Percy didn't mind Jason touching him… and to be honest, Percy kind of enjoyed whenever Jason would touch him. "Ok, well, I'll see you later today," Annabeth said, looking uncertain. She walked out the door and left Poseidon's cabin. — Percy heard the familiar sound of someone knocking at his cabin door. He looked at his watch, and felt a pang of sadness about his half brother, Tyson. There was another knock that jolted Percy back to reality and went to open the door. Percy did a double take when he opened the door. Jason Grace, son of Zeus, was standing half naked in his door way. His muscular torso was exposed and covered in droplets of water. His blond hair was combed neatly and his blue eyes shone brightly. All he was wearing was a thin towel around his well defined waist and thighs. The towel hung so low that some of his pubes were showing. "Uh," was all that Percy managed to say. Jason gave Percy a warm smile and a hug, and Percy felt a hand sneak around his back and found its way to his ass. Jason gave a small squeeze, and Percy yelped. "Why aren't you wearing clothes?" Percy asked, after the initial shock wore off, and still in close proximity with the blond boy. Jason shrugged and replied: "I took a shower, and I didn't want to get my clothes wet." His hand was still on Percy's ass, touching very slightly. "Well, why don't you get started on the inspection?" Asked Percy, a little uncomfortable still being embraced by Jason. He nodded and let go of Percy and looked around the room. He "dropped" his pencil and cursed in greek. "Can you please pick that up for me?" asked Jason. "Uh, yeah, sure I can," Percy replied. He bent down to pick up the pencil. Then, he froze when he felt Jason's towel press up against his ass. Percy was okay with Jason feeling his ass, but this was too far. Percy stood up and wheeled around, face to face with Jason. He was about to tell Jason about how he wasn't gay, but Jason thrust his face forward and kissed Percy. Percy stood there in shock about what just happened, and Jason withdrew, blushing violently. He mumbled something about other cabin inspections, and practically ran out of the room, leaving Percy standing there, dumbfounded. Several hours later, Annabeth was strolling around the camp until she saw Jason, his eyes red and puffy. Oh dear, she thought. Percy really must have upset him. She called out his name and ran up to him, asking what was wrong. "I—," but then his voice cracked and he ran away. "Hey, wait!" Annabeth called out, but he was much faster than she was. Annabeth decided that she needed to tell Percy what he had done, and she marched towards Percy's cabin. "What the HELL did you do to him?!" Annabeth yelled at Percy. Percy gave a yelp of surprise as Annabeth entered the room, and he threw his bed covers over him. "What were you… whatever, that's not the point. You seriously hurt Jason's feelings!" "Oh, I hurt his feelings?" Percy asked, incredulous. "Let me tell you what really happened!" And Percy explained to Annabeth about Jason feeling up Percy, and how he kissed him. "He probably just feels like I hate him now." Annabeth was dumbstruck. She couldn't think straight, but she could make out what had happened. "H-he kissed you?" Annabeth asked. "Well yeah, I wasn't lying the first time I said it." Annabeth thought, and she came up with an idea of the situation. "What you need to do," Annabeth explained slowly. "Is you need to go talk to him about how you feel." "What I feel? I don't have a crush on him. I mean, I'm not gay. I don't like guys." "According to my calculations, you must have partly enjoyed that little kiss with Jason, because of what you were doing when I interrupted you," Annabeth said, smirking. "H-hey, you— you— I wasn't—," Percy stuttered, blushing a deep red. "Hey, Percy, its okay. Now that the shock has worn off, I don't really care that you made out with another guy." "Wait, we didn't make—." "I think its good that you enjoyed that," Annabeth interrupted. Percy looked like someone had slapped him. "You're fine.. that… I…" "Shhh, I'm your girlfriend Percy. I support all of your decisions! But first, tell me when you first realized you had a thing for other guys," Annabeth said. "I'll just say, that this… incident… with Jason must have done something to me. Annabeth, you don't know how much you mean to me. I feel so much more confident about what just happened, and… I need to go talk with Jason." "That sounds like it. I'll wait by the volleyball pit to hear about how your conversation goes," and with that, Annabeth left the room, feeling victorious. It was true, she didn't care about Percy liking guys as well as girls. She smirked, thinking about secret thoughts she had stored quite a long time ago. She thought that they would make a cute couple, and she with a daughter of Aphrodite watched them both and predicted that something would end up happening between the two. Before she would wait for Percy, she needed to tell the Aphrodite girl about what had just happened. — Percy walked towards the Zeus cabin, thinking about what he was going to do. He wondered how Jason would take this, and hopefully he would be done crying by the time he arrived. Percy knocked on the door, and Jason opened it, this time fully clothed. However, his eyes seemed even more red and puffy. His eyes widened in at the sight of Percy, and as Percy opened his mouth to speak, Jason slammed the door. Percy tried to get Jason to open the door again and again, but to no avail. Percy cursed as he realized that things were not going as planned. He gave up and walked back towards the volley ball pit to tell Annabeth about his failure. However, when he got there, there were two girls waiting for him. Annabeth called Percy over and told him that this was her friend, Drew, a daughter of Aphrodite. Annabeth had told Drew all about his incident with Jason, and how she could help him with it. Percy panicked at the thought that someone else knew about his incident, but Drew put a soothing hand on his arm. "Its okay Percy, I don't think of you any differently because of what happened. Actually, I think it makes you more cute," Drew told Percy. Percy blushed red and sat down with them. "So, how did your talk go with Jason?" Annabeth asked. Percy told the two girls about what happened, and Drew's facial expression darkened. "Oh dear, he's really upset," mentioned Drew. "Really, you just noticed?" Percy asked sarcastically. "Okay, okay. This is alright. I can fix this," said Drew, more to herself than anyone else. Together, the two girls came up with a plan while Percy listened. — Later in the day, just after dinner, the three teenagers waited by Zeus's cabin, awaiting Jason's return. After a little while, they saw a hunched over figure looking at the ground, approaching. He didn't seem to notice the three people surrounding him, and he continued to the building. Annabeth and Drew suddenly grabbed both of Jason's arms and held him tightly. He screamed into the night in surprise. "What is wrong with you? Why would you scare me like that?" Jason asked them, still unaware of Percy's presence. "We aren't trying to prank you, we just want you to talk with someone very special," Drew told him. And with that, Percy stepped out of the shadows in front of Jason. Jason groaned in annoyance. The two girls then ran away, leaving Percy and Jason alone together outside of the cabin. Jason slid down to the ground with his head in his hands, weeping silently. "Percy, I'm so sorry. I-I don't know what happened, It, I, it just…" Jason said while sobbing. Percy sat down next to Jason and threw his arms around Jason's shoulders, shushing him. "It's okay Jason, it's alright. You have no right to feel ashamed for what you did. You had every right to kiss me right then and there." Jason's sobbing stopped. He lifted up his head and looked at Percy incredulously. "I was standing there like a fool for a couple of minutes after you kissed me, because I was in such a shock from kissing such a hot guy." "You.. You think I'm a hot guy?" asked Jason.