Disclaimer: I don't own the series. Harry cried as he lay in bed as his mind mercilessly relived the mistakes that led to Sirius's death. He flinched as he felt the bruise that his Uncle had given him a week ago. It had swollen but had since shrunk. Harry had wrote to the Order every three days but never got a reply back. Not even the letter about the assault that he had endured at the hands of his Uncle a week ago had brought a response. He had written to his friends about the terrible lump in his chest and the guilt he felt over Sirius's death but, just like last year, he didn't receive any response from Ron and Hermione. Harry felt both utterly betrayed and pathetic for being stupid enough to be fooled by them twice. He ruminated upon all of his years in Hogwarts and his life experiences outside of it. Morality is bullshit, concluded Harry, as he thought over his life, What was that shit that Dumbledore spewed about my secret power being love? Love brought me nothing but pain and betrayal! Love doesn't stop death from taking people I care about, love wasn't able to save Sirius, or my parents. Love couldn't save a friend like Cedric from being murdered. Love has done shit for me! Harry's eyebrows furrowed as his eyes narrowed. He glared at the bedroom ceiling as his tears continued to fall down his cheeks. Meanwhile psychopaths like Voldemort can kill and do whatever they want, bringing his return to the public light hasn't done shit, and the Ministry only pretends to be doing something! thought Harry as his teeth clenched and his fingers balled into fists. He thought about the history that he had read on the Death Eaters when he had tried to gain more information in the library before the end of term. Death Eaters like the Malfoys, the Muclibers, Crabbes, Goyles, can go on and rape and murder muggles, the survivors and their relatives get oblivated, and the rich Purebloods can cheat the system because of traditional laws regarding Pureblood families! The entire system is corrupt! The bad guys can go rape, murder, and torture and the good guys continue to get hated on by the general public and the Ministry. If I continue to play the part of the good guy, I'll end-up with a tombstone to my name and the prophecy makes that conclusion unavoidable at this rate . . . I can't keep going on like this . . . Harry raised himself to a sitting position and hissed as he tenderly touched the bruise. He felt a sharp pain in his chest as thoughts of violently hurting Vernon, Dudley, and even his so-called friends flashed in his mind. Don't I deserve some happiness? I get thrown around, used by people, and punished for trying to be a good person constantly. I was wrong to hope for better in the magical world, they're just as stupid and corrupt as the Muggle world. Vernon assaulted me, beat me when I was a kid, and his son was encouraged to chase me around and beat me for years and they never faced repercussions for their actions. Umbridge never faced any repercussions for torturing me with her stupid quill, the Ministry can slander me with impunity, and Voldemort and his followers never face-up to their crimes or ever get kissed by Dementors while I have to go through a trial for just defending myself from the government's own corrupt lapdog! My friends belittle my problems, Dumbledore only helps out when it's convenient for him and so he can use me for whatever plans he has regarding the Prophecy, and I constantly have to risk my life and get nothing in return. What the fuck is the point?! I'm going to end-up dead, there is no way I'm going to be able to beat Voldemort, and I'll probably be tortured before I'm murdered by him and his followers. Sirius was the only one to genuinely care about me and now he's dead and Pettigrew is still alive while serving his precious Master. His shoulders sagged, his posture slouched, and Harry glared angrily at the wall. From now on, I do what I have to so that I survive, I make myself happy, and from now on screw the consequences of whatever horrible shit that I do. Morality doesn't matter. Forcing people to bend to your whims to get what you can out of life is all that matters. Just like how Dumbledore, Voldemort, and the rich purebloods bully whoever they want to achieve their aims. Harry's eyes briefly flickered red before reverting back to green as he looked down at the letter and the quill that had come with it. The goblins had sent him a missive about special arrangements regarding a peculiar circumstance in Sirius's Will readings. The quill was a portkey that would activate within the hour. Two days ago, when the contents had arrived, Harry had pondered what it could mean and hoped it wasn't some nefarious trap. He refused to seek Dumbledore or the Order's help from now on so he had to be extra cautious. He took a deep breath, exhaled, and took hold of the portkey to whisk him away. "Thank you for meeting us, ," said the Goblin who had introduced himself as Gringotts Chief Manager, Gritpuk, as he surveyed the stacks of paperwork. Harry shifted in his seat as he saw the stacks. "I apologize for the delay . . . it took us awhile to straighten everything out. I'm afraid that I must share some dire news that needs to be brought to your attention. If not for a very antiquated stipulation that was only partially related to your Godfather's Will, we would never have been able to intervene. Fortunately for the both of us, your Headmaster, Albus Dumbledore, didn't plan for such a messy issue and as a result, he was unable to interfere and have your Godfather's will burned like he ordered us too." "What does Dumbled-" Harry stopped and his eyes widened as he processed the rest of Gritpuk's words. "Wait, what?! What do you mean?" Gritpuk sighed and rubbed his temples before gazing at Harry eye level and frowning. "First, some information must be made clear to you. Up until two weeks ago, Albus Dumbledore held your family's Seat, monies, and political influence in the Wizengamot. You probably didn't know this, but the Wizengamot assumed that you knew of his full access to the Potter estate, holdings, and bank as a result of representing you during your trial last year. It is a basic, implicit assumption within the Wizarding World but you had no knowledge of it." Harry was about to speak but stopped at Gritpuk's next words. "When he gained a hold of House Potter's power and influence, the first thing he did was have your Parents Wills burned and made ineligible for legal processing so that he could send you to the Dursley family without interference." Images of himself inflicting violence upon Dumbledore flooded Harry's mind, his mind began to imagine it was Dumbledore and not Bellatrix that he had used the cruciatus curse upon in the Ministry of Magic. He gritted his teeth as Gritpuk continued to elaborate on all the ways that Dumbledore had hurt him. "I'm sorry to say that . . . he has used up all of the Potter funds and sold off all of the ancestral possessions from Potter Manor to fund his rebel army, the Order of the Phoenix, to pay its members and to use his authority as Chief Warlock to pay off the reparations incurred from the last war against Voldemort. The Ministry allowed it, despite the unlawfulness of the deed, because it wouldn't have to pay the costs of the war or go into debt. The family you're close too, the Weasleys, I'll bet they never informed you that they each got 30,000 galleons a piece from being part of Dumbledore's Order and possibly more. The small content that he arranged for you, which you were led to believe was from your parents, is a paltry sum compared to the amount of money that has vanished from the Potter Vault. I'm afraid that it is all gone and nothing can be done because of his former status as overseer of the account and his status as Chief Warlock. Now, what allowed us to finally wrestle control from him was the fact he tried to have your Godfather's Will burned. He eventually discovered that he was going to try to sell you some poppycock story about how he required the Black Estate of 12 Grimmauld Place and a preposterous story of how Bellatrix Lestrange was set to gain the inheritance if you refused the terms that he would only briefly mention to you." Harry tried to keep his temper in check as he heard Gritpuk's elaboration on Dumbledore's deeds. He tried to distract himself by participating on the less enraging aspects of the Chief Manager's revelations. "Do you mean that she couldn't inherit it because she's a convicted murderer?" asked Harry trying to take more deep breaths. He gritted his teeth upon realizing that it wasn't tempering his growing frustration and hate for Dumbledore with the addition of the Weasleys for their part. "No, it is because she is a woman and therefore has no right to any inheritance unlike first-born male heirs." replied Gritpuk, Harry's eyes widened and he gaped at what he heard. Gritpuk sighed. "I suppose your response shouldn't come as a surprise. Dumbledore succeeded in hiding your birthright from you and destroyed your family finances without you knowing. It shows just how conniving he is . . . well, Mr. Potter, the Wizarding World's culture is much more . . . antiquated compared to Muggle culture. You've seen this superficially with the lack of muggle technology, but muggle-borns and muggle-raised such as yourself have a difficult time adjusting to the realities of the magical community of Britain once they're outside the social comforts and safety of the school. Women aren't treated the same as men in the British magical world, they have no rights of inheritance, no rights to divorce once married, should they be part of one of the wealthy Pureblood Houses - particularly the Noble Pureblood Houses - then they have no rights to speak without their lord husband's permission. You may have seen behavior to such an extent from the more Noble families." Harry recalled the one time that he had the opportunity to meet Malfoy's mother at the Quidditch cup and realized that she had probably been kept from interacting under her husband's orders. "To be blunt, it would be more accurate to say that women of Magical Britain are property owned by their fathers and sent off to become property of their husbands. To understand the extent of this difference . . . unlike in Muggle Courts, there is no punishment for a man who rapes his wife. The wife has no legal means of protection like in the Muggle world because they're not allowed to own property, file a lawsuit without their husband or father's explicit permission, and there is no crime in a husband raping a wife. This causes a host of problems because it is technically legal to rape a woman and then have her married so that she cannot file a lawsuit against her rapist, much like what happened in 1800s Britain. It is a crime in Hogwarts because they're still, legally speaking, considered children, but it is not punishable should the woman be effectively wed before any trial. It isn't a prevalent problem, but this problem does exist in the magical community of Britain and British related lands within Magical British jurisdiction." Harry slouched in his seat as he absorbed all of the information being told to him. I can't