A/N: Harry Potter isn't mine; it belongs to JK Rowling. Blasted off into the thunder Won't admit that they'd just ground me If they found me As I am now You I couldn't fool anymore, though You were born a rebel, a fighter like me You were more than willin' to break my guard And set the fire free She awoke with a start. Scowling and shaking the heaviness from her eyes and the thick fog from her mind, she looked down and raised an eyebrow. Frozen on the ground in their compartment was the famous Boy-Who-Lived. She blinked and looked over at Draco. She noticed something silvery in Draco's hands. "Draco, why is Harry Potter laying on the ground in our compartment?" She asked, raising an eyebrow. "And is that an invisibility cloak?" "It seems that Potter was spying on us." said Draco, he looked amused as he inspected the invisibility cloak. "Perhaps we should throw it back on him?" She nabbed it from Draco's hands and conducted her own inspection. Her silver eyes flashed as she noticed the marking of the Hallows. It was small and innocuous; had she been unfamiliar with their existence then she wouldn't have noticed the marking. She clicked her tongue. "You're so unimaginative, Draco. I've got a far better idea; one that'll make daddy proud of both of us." She unclipped one of her hairpins and smiled down at the panicked visage of Harry Potter. She frowned and sighed. "I must say, I'm completely disappointed," She said, rising to her feet and standing beside Draco. She looked down at the vulnerable boy-who-lived. "The fact you were caught so easily . . . what were you even trying to do? I've heard some nasty things about you from Sna - er - the professor and others, I had thought they were exaggerating but I was wrong. You really are quite stupid, aren't you?" She shook her head. Coming in here without a plan. If he came here to prank us, then he's juvenile like that idiot father of his. If he came here to get intel on the Dark Lord then he's a complete idiot. Who would talk of such activities in a public setting on a train to a private school controlled by Dumbledore? Potter glared and seemed to flush red. She let out a "tsk, tsk" sound while shaking her head. "Put the cloak to the side and leave us, Draco." Draco scowled, probably miffed that she ruined his idiotic fun, but he took the cloak from her and put the cloak on the bench. He exited the compartment to leave her with Potter. She shut it after he walked out and turned to look down at Harry Potter. She pointed her wand at her hairpin. "Portus," She muttered. She regarded Potter with an innocent smile. "As soon as I drop this hairpin, it'll transport you to a location that'll put your life in imminent peril. I'm sure you are familiar with the peril I am speaking of, yes?" Harry's eyes widened in a panic and he began struggling against the binding with all his might. She continued to shake her head and shot him a look of contempt. Slowly, she held the hairpin over his prone body and dropped it. Harry shut his eyes tightly. For two minutes, he felt nothing happen but heard a soft movement. "Is ickle, lickle Potty-kins scared of a hairpin?" whispered a hot breath to his right ear. Harry opened his eyes to see the blonde girl's face so close to his that their noses were touching. She moved back and revealed the hairpin in her hand. "By the way, this really was dangerous . . . and as I just showed you mercy, you now owe me a life debt." Harry's eyes bulged. She smirked, waved her wand to release the binding, and sauntered out of the train. This is the Chosen One with power equal to the Dark Lord? I beat him without even trying. "Professor!" She called out. She suppressed a smirk as Severus Snape walked down the steps to meet up with the pair as they walked up. "Glad you came. I'm so sorry for taking up your time." "Why, precisely, are you and Potter late for the feast?" said Snape, he was barely suppressing a snarl. He gazed at the two with a sour expression. "You need to hurry so that you can be sorted on time." She waved her hand. "Oh I know, but it's urgent that I speak with you. It seems Potter here tried to observe Draco and I changing on the train during our respective turns. He's a bloody voyeur." Harry Potter gasped in shock and then threw her a withering look. "I was not -!" "Detention, Potter!" snapped Snape, Harry scowled at Snape. "I'll be notifying the Headmaster and your Head of House of this vile deed. It seems the fame has really gone to your head. To think Mr. Malfoy and . . . the new student . . . aren't safe around you." "But I wasn't - !" "Care to explain what you were doing then?" She questioned him, turning around to look down on him from her level on the steps. Potter frowned at her. "Well? We're waiting." Silence. She snorted, walked down a step and looked at Harry Potter directly in the eyes. SLAP! Snape looked stunned and Harry Potter stepped back a stair as he touched the red mark on his cheek. "That was for being a voyeur, you sick fuck," She bit out. Harry Potter looked stricken by the comment. She turned about face and marched to the castle without a backwards glance. "Snape, Delphini!" called out McGonagall, calling forth the only 16-year old of the group and the last to be sorted. Harry stared in muted shock. Ron's mouth hung agape and food fell out of his mouth as he paused mid-bite. Even Hermione gaped and tried to get a clearer view of Delphini Snape. Fierce whispers broke out when McGonagall announced her name. The young woman moved to the stool with a prideful gait. Her shoulders straight and a firm smile on her face, she gave a slight nod to McGonagall as if ordering her to place the hat on her head. The hat was firmly on her head for several minutes. "Snape, did she say?" "Blimey! Snape has a daughter?!" "No, no way is that bombshell related to Snape! I mean, do you see those highlights in her hair?! How the hell is she related to that slimeball!" Snape glared at the offending Hufflepuff who mouthed off the last statement. Ernie Macmillan avoided his eye but grinned unabashedly. "Slytherin!" announced the Hat. I bet nobody's surprised , thought Harry, as the Slytherin table cheered and welcomed the new sixth year. Where else would the greasy git's daughter go? "A dueling club?" said Hermione, looking through the events board in the Gryffindor Common room. Harry and Ron had just got out of bed for the morning to stand beside her. "Dueling club?" repeated Ron, frowning. "Reminds me of the idiot, Lockhart. Who is setting it up?" "Let's see . . ." said Hermione, inspecting the flyer. "It says Delphini Snape is hosting it tonight as a challenge to all 6th and 7th years. The flyer has a quote from her claiming she's an avid duelist and she's going to prove that she's the best in the school. There's . . . what?!" "What is it, Hermione?" asked Harry, looking over her shoulder. His eyes widened. "She's challenging me and several others specifically," said Hermione, frowning. "A duel in the Great Hall during club hours tonight." "What a nutter," muttered Ron, shaking his head. They began walking out of Gryffindor tower. "I don't care if she is Snape's daughter. She's going to get herself injured challenging all the sixth and seventh years to a duel." "I won't be going," said Harry grimacing, as they neared the entrance hall. "Dealing with one Snape is enough as it is." "And what is that suppose to mean, Potter?" said a strong feminine voice behind him. Harry stiffened and turned around to see the sneer on the face of a young woman with grey eyes, pink lips, and blond curls with blue highlights. Delphini's eyebrows were narrowed, her hands folded, and her forefoot tapping on the ground. "What? Couldn't get your jizz on from trying to see Draco and I change clothes yesterday, you bloody voyeur?!" Harry's eyes widened and he noticed people around the hallway stop to watch. Hermione frowned. "Harry, what is she talking about?" Delphini turned to Hermione with a sneer. She pointed rudely at Harry. "This little leech was trying to watch me change clothes yesterday. Possibly Draco too, but I'm certain he only hid himself to watch me. Not even a day in the new school and who knows what would have happened had Draco not spotted him in time. I was asleep, so I can't help but wonder what untoward intentions this depraved lunatic had." "Harry, you weren't ac -" Hermione was cut off. "It's not what you think!" said Harry, his voice a pitch higher than usual. He felt a chill move up his spine at the doubtful look on Hermione and Ron's faces. "You see . . . I, well . . . I didn't mean for . . ." Oh bloody hell, now I sound guilty! Suddenly, Delphini was closed in on his personal space and Harry took an involuntary step back. Her grey eyes narrowed at him. Her cheeks were a shade red and her hands were balled into fists. She cast Harry an utterly loathsome look. "Did you sneak into my compartment yesterday on the Hogwarts Express?" asked the strong feminine voice. "Yes." Harry's eyes widened as the words slipped out of his mouth. Hermione gasped and Ron looked stunned. What the?! Why did I respond with a yes? Great going Potter, now it'll be harder to explain my side! "Did you make yourself invisible while inside my compartment?" questioned the blonde Slytherin. Her grey eyes bored into his green ones. "Yes." Harry panicked and looked over at the disappointed faces of his friends. Onlookers began whispering amongst themselves and looked at Harry in disbelief. What the bloody hell is going on?! Have I been jinxed?! "Did you do all of this while I was asleep in the compartment?" The eyes gazed piercingly at him now. Harry felt his body shudder. "Yes." responded Harry. What did she do to me?! Delphini grinned as Harry looked on to the shocked and horrified faces of the students. Even Ron and Hermione looked speechless and confused. Delphini moved back and sneered at him. "Now, Potter, sit on your knees," said Delphini. Harry struggled but his body forced him to painfully collapse on his knees. He hissed in pain and glared at the blonde Slytherin. "What's with that look on your face, Potter?" "What did you do to me?!" snarled Harry, glaring at the haughty Slytherin as she smirked down at him. Ron and Hermione gazed uncertainly between the two. The crowd around them was gathering to watch the earliest piece of Hogwarts gossip. "What did I do? Are you truly so daft?" said Delphini shaking her head and giving Harry the most patronizing gaze that he had ever received. "You owe me a life debt, remember? That means your own magic has bound you to my service until you've repaid your debt by saving my life somehow." Harry's eyes widened. " What?! " He heard Hermione gasp and Ron seem to shuffle about. Delphini glanced at them briefly before looking back down at Harry. "Is this a joke? You're sixteen and in two years you'll be expected to carry the responsibilities of an adult wizard. How can you be this stupid at your age? Did you never once take the time to open a book