Pureblood Fundamentalism Summary: After Voldemort's failed attempt at his life, one-year old Harry Potter and his twin sisters get teleported to an alternate world where Dumbledore was sorted into Hufflepuff and peacefully resolved his differences with Grindelwald. Due to this drastic change, the two Dark Lords eventually reshaped the Wizarding world into a model Evangelical Christian society that gave massive social concessions to Pureblood goals of blood supremacy. As a result, Magical British women are recognized only as property of their fathers and husbands, Muggle-borns are kept as slaves, and racial minorities were ex-communicated. "Avada Kedavra!" shouted Lord Voldemort. The killing curse hitting Lily Potter square in the chest. Foolish girl! Voldemort walked over her corpse and pointed it at the crib. The prophesized child and two girls with red hair looked up at him. He pointed his wand at the black haired infant and spoke. "Avada Kedavra!" The jet greenlight streaked toward the black haired baby and the baby glared cutely at him. The spell stopped and popped out of existence. His body felt cold as he quickly surmised something was wrong. The curse had vanished and before Voldemort could fully realize what happened, the entire area exploded in a wave of green. Voldemort would later wake-up within one of his Horcruxes with no memory of the incident. Harry James Potter and his sisters, Heather Lilac Potter and Senna Jasmine Potter were never seen again. James Potter glared at the parchment from Albus Dumbledore. He felt a headache come along. Besmirched tradition for freeing and marrying my servant, have I?! Who does he think he is?! He looked over at his wife and his facial features deflated. He gave her a forlorn look. "I'm sorry, love. But . . . they won't allow any children of ours to be legitimized. We . . . we can't have any unless they were to be brought up as slaves under the eyes of the law." Lily sat on the floor next to him, an old habit of hers from her slave years, and wept. James felt a pang in his chest and sighed. I knew it was coming, I prayed to the Lord that it wouldn't be true . . . but . . . A deafening crash resounded outside of their home in Godric's Hallow. James sprung up into action with his wand at the ready. Lily flinched but remained silent on the floor for James's instructions. It was a ingrained habit from growing up to be James's obedient slave in the service of their Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Like all Mudbloods, Lily had taken to her orders dutifully after she'd been taken from her home at age 11, had her family oblivated of any memory of her, and she was sold to the Potter family in the mudblood auction. The family had instilled her into becoming their obedient slave and James's mother explained the necessity of women to be obedient to men as was expected of all Magical British women. Lily had learned to be grateful of her lashings and beatings to become attuned to the role that Jesus Christ had made for her, especially after learning that mudblood racial minorities were simply killed because they weren't deemed of any value because Magical Britian believed were part of the cursed Ham race as told in the Bible, the inerrant word of the Lord. James gasped upon seeing a crib full of three children who looked like a mix of Lily and himself. They were surrounded by a massive wreckage that had been dumped all around the main street. He quickly walked over to the children's crib and cried as he inspected their cute faces. He dropped onto his knees and prayed. "O Lord, thank you! Thank you of such a miracle!" Dumbledore looked at the three children with a flabbergasted expression and stroked his beard. "It is a work of the Divine, truly." said Dumbledore, lowering his wand and turning to the two eager parents. "It seems the Lord has shed his light upon us. These three come from an alternate dimension and they are . . . indeed . . . your children. Although, they come from a more liberal world from what I've seen of their memories. The ridiculous conspiracy of the Earth being round is exported as truth instead of the Lord's words of it, obviously, being flat." "Surely, surely . . . the Lord has given them to us, to raise?" said James, his breathing hitched. "This is clearly his work in mysterious ways!" Dumbledore smiled and nodded. "Indeed, the Lord has answered your prayers. Worry not, I shall take care of the paperwork and since the Unspeakables are now defunct, there'll be no questioning the miracle that has taken hold. I shall put your home under Fidelus so that you do not have to worry about people barging in to take a gander at them. However . . . as they were not born from you or your servant wife, and the male will indeed be the heir Potter and has two twins. They and your wife shall be given custody to him and all that is implied from continuing our purity of blood." James froze, but then nodded. "Of course, all female twins must submit themselves to the male twin and provide the miracle of childbirth with such unions to continue our divine right of blood purity by the grace of the Lord. And, as you say, as they were not born from us, the prevention of sexual intercourse between parent and off-spring rule doesn't apply." "Indeed, they were not 'born' of her, so legally, the transfer requires consummation of the property. As her status is contingent upon your life, she will return to her proper status once transferred." James's smile tightened but he nodded. Dumbledore smiled and left through the fireplace. As soon as the green flames vanished, James glared at the fireplace and clenched his fists. So no matter what, he'll never consider freeing mudbloods of slavery?! He doesn't care, all his life . . . always tried to appease and compromise with everything and everyone suffered for it! James turned to Lily and sighed. "My lord husband, it is okay," said Lily, smiling at him as she played with her three new children. "I . . . I appreciate all you tried to do but, perhaps the Lord wishes us all to remain in our proper place, and gave us this miracle to remind us that slaves must be obedient to their Masters as we all are to the Lord?" James smiled weakly and nodded. I guess . . . this is enough. We have children now. The Lord wished to teach us to have faith in Him and to remind us that slaves exist to obey their Masters and that women must remain dutiful in their servile position as the Lord always intended. 17 Years Later "Father, is this truly right?" said 18-year old Harry Potter, gazing in sadness at his father. James Potter sighed. "People at school would always bully me, call me a half-breed. Why should I support a social system that hates me for existing?" "It is the will of the Lord, Harry," said James, his tone firm. His facial features hardening. "Remember, you must have faith and accept your duties given unto you by the Lord's will. Women must learn to respect the man of the household, as you take your lordship, you will be expected to take custody of not only your sisters but your mother as well, because you are a miracle given to us by our Lord. We must always do good works against sinfulness. Please, son, do this for our family honor and accept what the Lord has designed for you." Harry sighed and nodded. I have to learn to appreciate what father has done. He allowed me to correct not just my sisters' behavior but mother's behavior too. I wouldn't have learned to accept the role that the Lord has given men in correcting the intellectual inferiority and emotional instability of womenfolk. Such hardship is surely a good sign that I'm acting in accordance with the Lord's will as a good and moral Christian for the glory of my Lord Jesus Christ. He took the Potter ring and placed it upon his finger. It shimmered and then fit on his finger in an exact size. James leaned back in his armchair as the Lordship was finally passed. He walked up the stairs to claim his birthright - his sibling properties. Harry's twin sisters, Heather and Senna, sat patiently in the bedroom they shared and waited for the most important moment of their young lives. As their brother would be taking his lordship on this day, they would be expected to give themselves to him for the glory of continuing the divine right of blood purity. Heather and Senna, being identical twins, were extremely alike in appearance and both were physical carbon copies of their mother when she was their age. The only real difference, beyond the lack of physical scars unlike their mother, was that Heather had looked like a complete carbon copy of Lily Potter from the other timeline. Both of her eyes were green. Senna, by contrast, had one hazel eye and one green eye, a physical blending of their world's Lily and James Potter. The two wore brown dresses with long skirts and full sleeves that covered their bodies so as not to accentuate any physical bodily appendages to be seen. Our bodies are the temple of God, thought Heather, reciting her mother's teachings. I must not shame my body by showing the sin of lust in men. Senna, who was more acutely aware of the teachings, recalled the Biblical lesson taught to her about why her father and brother held ownership of her body and why her body was the temple of God. Corinthians 13 - 20: Meats for the belly, and the belly for meats: but God shall destroy both it and them. Now the body is not for fornication, but for the Lord; and the Lord for the body. And God hath both raised up the Lord, and will also raise up us by his own power. Know ye not that your bodies are the members of Christ? shall I then take the members of Christ, and make them the members of an harlot? God forbid. What? know ye not that he which is joined to an harlot is one body? for two, saith he, shall be one flesh. But he that is joined unto the Lord is one spirit. Flee fornication. Every sin that a man doeth is without the body; but he that committeth fornication sinneth against his own body. What? know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own? For ye are bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God's. Senna smiled as she recalled the Biblical passage. Being a harlot means having sex outside of father's approval. As we must also show the divine right of blood purity, once father approves of brother's ascension to the Lordship, I shall fulfill my family duty and give my body to my brother in service to the Lord Jesus Christ. Fleeing adulterousness and whoredom of filthy, promiscuous non-believers for the appropriate acceptance of the Lord's will to give my brother the miracle of childbirth. The necessity of it, Senna recalled, was justified by the earlier passage. Corinthians 6:9 -11: Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind, Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God. And such were some of you: but ye are