So, here's a nice little oneshot of the story of Sally and Poseidon. I'm still not sure how old she was when they met, but I could've sworn it was around 19 or so (don't come for me if I'm wrong, I'm sorry). Eh, oh well. Enjoy, fandom. June 1992 Sally Jackson's life wasn't easy, that was a fact. When she was just a little girl, her parents had passed away in a plane accident. It was so sudden and it rocked her little world. She suddenly found herself without her mother's daily ritual of going into Sally's room and brushing her brown locks, fixing them into loose plaits or high ponytails with ribbons tied around them. She missed her father coming home from work and sweeping her into his arms, planting big kisses on her cheeks and the top of her head. She was left parentless and in the custody of her only remaining relative: her uncle Dan. Sally had only met Dan once, and even then, she could tell that he wasn't very fond of her. As time went on, she would come to realize that he wasn't very fond of children at all. Her days with Dan were often lonely. He usually became irritated when she asked him to play, so she learned it was just better to leave him be. They hardly ate dinner together. She would tell him that she was hungry, and Dan would throw together a ham and cheese sandwich for her, then retreat to his study or his bedroom, mumbling about how unbelievable it still was that his brother left him with his insufferable child. Sally quickly began learning how to cook for herself, and could prepare a whole home-cooked meal for herself by the time she was 12. That's how things went for a while. Sally became extremely independent, going to school, only asking for necessities, and living off the bare minimum until she was old enough to get a job. Her slow-rolling days were motivated by her aspirations. She often dreamt of leaving Dan's place and heading to NYU on academic scholarships and financial aid in hopes of studying Creative Writing. She could just imagine herself sitting in a small study of her own, typing out novel after novel, each one receiving the best praise from critics and other authors. Unfortunately, tragedy struck again when she was 16 and Sally's dreams were ripped out from under her. Dan was diagnosed with liver cancer and a slim chance of survival. Being the only other person in Dan's life, she was forced to drop out of high school. Her hopes of attending NYU – or any college at all, for that matter – were gone. Dan had to stop working, which meant Sally had to go to work. She picked up three minimum-wage jobs in the city to cover food and the bills. Her uncle's medical expenses were mostly taken care of, but the treatments weren't enough. In the end, he couldn't be saved, only made comfortable until he passed. Sally was only 19 and the last of her family had disappeared, leaving her completely alone. Sally paid the rest of the bills with whatever money Dan had left behind. She sold his house and put a deposit down on a tiny shoebox apartment in Queens. With the little extra she had, she decided to rent out a run-down cabin on Montauk beach. Summer was just around the corner, and she figured she could use the escape for a little while. That's how Sally Jackson found herself ankle-deep in the ocean tide that June morning. She stood wrapped in a light cardigan as she stared out over the calm water, her mind focused on nothing but the seagulls flying overhead and the way the sunlight glittered on the waves as the sun rose in the sky. She dug her toes into the sand, closed her eyes and inhaled the ocean air. She stayed that way for a few moments until she was overcome with the feeling that someone's eyes were on her. Sally opened her eyes and looked around and behind her, finding no one. The sensation was gone. She found it odd though, as her cabin was located on one of the more private areas of the beach, so there really shouldn't have been anyone at all. Sally tossed the thought aside and headed back into the cabin to go about her day. Her mornings continued this way for a few more days, each one like déjà vu with the sense of someone watching her. Each morning, she looked around for the bystander, only to find herself alone on the beach. That is, until one day. Sally felt eyes on her again and was searching the beach to the right side of her for anyone suspicious. She saw nothing and turned to look the other way. She was about to shake it off and head back to her cabin when a low, smooth voice disturbed the silence and startled her. "You're a bit of an early riser, aren't you?" Sally jumped and looked to her right to find a young man smiling fondly at her. She could have sworn he wasn't there just a moment ago. He wore an unbuttoned Hawaiian shirt over a white t shirt and cargo shorts with flip flops. He was stalky and well-built with warm tanned skin, like he'd been spending time in the sun even before summer began. His raven hair was wild and shifted in the ocean breeze. His eyes reflected the grey-green color of the water. "I-I guess," Sally said hesitantly. Could this man have been the person who had been watching her? "I'm sorry…who are you?" The man flashed her a grin and a tingle slipped through her body. He stepped forward and stretched out a large hand. "Poseidon." Sally cocked her head at the strange sound of his name, but shook his hand anyway. "Poseidon? Like the Greek god?" His eyes twinkled mischievously. "Exactly." "Huh. Interesting." Well, it wasn't the strangest name she'd ever heard. "And you are?" Sally shook her herself out of her head. "Oh! I'm Sally. Jackson. Sally Jackson." The man chuckled. It was a low, hearty sound and it reminded her oddly of Santa Claus. She shooed the thought away. This man was too handsome to be compared to Santa. He was also much younger – probably just a few years older than Sally, though upon closer observation, he looked like he harbored an old soul. "Well, Sally Jackson, it's a pleasure to finally meet you." "'Finally?'" Sally asked. "You mean you've seen me before?" Poseidon's smile didn't falter. "Of course. You come out of your cabin every day at six a.m. to stand here and watch the sun come up over the water. Then you look around and go back inside." Sally was a bit taken aback. Poseidon had just confessed to being the one who had been stalking her for the past week. "You've…been watching me?" "Not with ill intentions," he said, seeming to read her mind. "Just out of curiosity." "Curiosity," she repeated. Poseidon raised an amused eyebrow. "Yes. I wanted to see if you came outside every morning or if it was just an occasional recurrence. Besides, it's not exactly easy looking away from a beautiful young woman such as yourself." Sally felt her cheeks flush. She'd never been called beautiful by a guy before. She left high school before she had the chance to get into the dating scene. "Well." she cleared her throat. "Now that you know, what are you going to do?" Poseidon brandished that trouble-maker smile once more, sending another zap through Sally's chest. "I was hoping you could tell me. Do you mind if I join you?" "I suppose that would be okay." He moved to stand beside her, their shoulders only inches away from touching when he came to a stop. He stuffed his hands into the pockets of his shorts and looked proudly out into the water, as if he owned everything under the horizon. Sally didn't mean to stare, but she just wanted to make sense of this mysterious man. He had been very sneakily watching her for the past week without her ever spotting him and then he finally showed himself this morning, seeming to appear out of nowhere. She wasn't sure if she was wary or intrigued. Or both. In addition, he had an air about him that Sally couldn't place. It was something powerful and all-knowing and it pulled at her like a suction wind. She reverted her attention back to the water. The sky was now a mixture of pale yellow beams in the light blue. The sun peeked over the edge of the water in the distance, bringing the world to life. "Beautiful, isn't it?" Sally nodded, keeping her gaze straight. "Yes, it is." "Why do you come out here every day, Sally Jackson? What are you looking for out there?" It was the kind of question that she could have easily dismissed or given an answer to that wasn't true. However, she found herself allowing the truth to escape her lips. "Hope, I suppose. Maybe courage? I don't know. The waves just calm me and the sunrise reminds me that every day is a new beginning. It's an opportunity to do something different. To make a change." She could feel Poseidon staring at her. She looked over and gave him an apologetic smile. "Sorry. I've got a bit of a poet's heart." Poseidon smiled warmly. "No need to apologize. It was a lovely thought." He paused. "So, what change are you going to make today, then?" Sally threw caution to the wind and looked him squarely in the eyes. They flickered with movement, as if his irises were literally made up of seawater. In the sunlight glow, they were a bright blue-green as opposed to the paler hue they'd taken on earlier. They were mesmerizing. She smiled slowly. "I think I've got an idea or two. Would you like to come inside for some coffee or tea?" July 1992 Sally had spent the last three weeks with the man she'd met on the beach. He was teaching her how to surf in exchange for cooking lessons. While she was making good progress out on the ocean, Poseidon was a disaster in the kitchen. They had started off simple with a chocolate chip cookie recipe, but he had managed to pour one cup of baking soda into the mixture rather than sugar. Sally hadn't noticed until she bit into the first cookie and nearly choked. When she was able to breathe again, she'd asked him what all he'd put in the batter, and laughed when he held up the empty box of baking soda. She laughed even harder upon seeing the red tint of his cheeks and hearing him grumble under his breath about how all the powders looked the same. Sally had her fair share of embarrassing moments in the water. There were times when she would gain her balance as she stood up on her surfboard, only to have a wave knock her over two seconds later. Poseidon had laughed that hearty laugh as he watched her swim back over to him, looking miffed. She eventually got the hang of it and began working on extending the amount of time she could ride a wave. At one point, she even teased him about how good she was getting at surfing while he remained a mess of a chef. They were straddling their surfboards and Poseidon had narrowed his eyes at her, smirking at her daringly. The next thing she knew, a force flipped her over from underneath her board and she was underwater. When she came up, he was shaking with silent laughter. She remembered finding it odd that she'd fallen over. The waves weren't nearly strong enough and Poseidon was a bit more than an arm's reach