Disclaimers: 1. Unfortunately, I do not own the Hunger Games. 2. Games are still going, and D12 is the same. 3. Katniss won't be in this at all ): 4. I love little Posy's adorableness, but for the plot in this story Posy is eleven, but everyone else is the same age as always. Prologue Strawberry Fields Forever Nothing is real And nothing to get hung about Strawberry Fields Forever 73rd Hunger Games Madge is in the section with the other 17-year-old girls, watching as Effie Trinket walks slowly and carefully up the steps to the stage in her heels. Moments pass, and Madge heaves a sigh, knowing it will take a while before she even gets to the microphone. Madge scans the crowd of faces in boredom, stopping on someone in particularly who's already looking at her. Madge's eyes flick from Gale to the stage and back again meaningfully, before rolling her eyes. Gale's lips twitch upwards in a smile. Madge thinks about how far they've come. Madge, the mayor's daughter from town and Gale, the illegal hunter from the Seam. What brought them together? Well, she hunts illegally too. Madge has noticed the past few weeks that Gale has been acting… different. He's never been cruel to her in the years they've known each other, but he's never exactly been all warm and fuzzy either. Now he's smiling a lot. Laughing at her quips instead of just not responding to them. Helping her with little things, like offering to carry the haul or even skinning the animals, which he knows she hates. Because she complains about it all the time . Loudly. She's not saying the change in him is bad… just different. Out of all the years they've been spent hunting together, their first meeting in the woods is what Madge remembers more clearly than anything. Flashback Madge, 13 years old (69th Hunger Games) Madge is silent as she walks through the forest, bow at the ready. After nearly five years of hunting in the woods, she's got her routine down. Hunt for the kids at the orphanage, and then pick strawberries just for her. It may be selfish, but Madge never shares her strawberries with anyone. This morning, though, there's an unusual absence of game. Not one animal is in the forest. She even checks the hot spots, like the stream where the animals go to get water, even throws rocks at the trees but there aren't even any birds. Madge knows it's not her, she's perfected walking silently through the woods. Even her father gets upset when she sneaks up on him, saying that he couldn't hear her coming. Maybe something is scaring them off. Maybe there's a storm coming. Madge quickly dismisses that idea. Even at 8 in the morning, the sun is shining prettily, the clouds picture perfect. Something has to be scaring them off, Madge thinks, and she knows it's not her. After another hour, Madge gives up. She starts walking towards the multiple strawberry bushes that she tends to, making sure they grow properly so she can get her precious strawberries. Madge's bow is swung on her shoulder, along with her sheath of arrows. As a rule, Madge always has her bow on her when she's in the forest. She hides it in a log and only puts it back when she's on her way back. She learned her lesson when she had to pummel a wild dog with a rock when it attacked her. She had returned her bow to its hiding place before going to pick berries, not wanting to have to carry it. Madge is frustrated at the lack of haul. She's going to have to go to the orphanage empty-handed. Madge had taken up hunting in the woods out of boredom when she was eight, but when she started perfecting archery and actually killing things, she realized she had all this food that she didn't need. Madge was going to give it to families in the Seam, but remembered that the orphanage in the Seam is in need of well, everything, especially food. She started taking her haul to the orphanage to feed the kids, giving it to the lady who cooks for all of them. Greta is an expert at using every piece of meat and getting it to last a while, even better than Sae, which anybody who knows Sae knows that's hard to do. With Madge's blonde hair and blue eyes, the kids at the orphanage had taken quickly to the nice 'angel' who brought them goodies and kept them fed. But now, she's going to have to look in their eyes and tell them they might not be able to eat tonight. No , she thinks. She can't do that. She has money; she can buy soup off of Sae and cart it to the orphanage. Her mood a little lighter, Madge arrives at the berry bushes, but pauses when she sees one of them completely bare. What the hell? She thinks. She knows it's not her, because she doesn't pick one bush at a time, she picks from all the different bushes so she doesn't leave them completely bare, like this one. Maybe it was an animal, she wonders. But upon closer inspection, she notices that the berries would've been nibbled at, not cut clean off. As she's thinking this, she hears a rustle in one of the bushes and spins towards the noise with an arrow ready. She waits patiently for whatever it is to emerge from the bush. She's mildly surprised when it turns out to be a person, looking down at his own bow and arrow (poorly fashioned arrows in Madge's opinion), not even noticing her. The boy looks to be a little older than Madge, clearly from the Seam with his dark hair, olive skin and grey eyes. He startles when he finally does notice her, eyes going wide. "Shit," he hisses dropping his bow when he sees the arrow trained on him. He raises his hands in the air and takes a step back, eyes warily watching Madge. Madge lowers her bow when she realizes it's just another person. "What are you doing out here?" The boy relaxes now that he doesn't have a weapon trained on him and raises his eyebrows. " Me ?" he scoffs, "What are you doing out here?" Madge's hackles rise at his tone. She's heard that very same tone many times, mostly from kids from the Seam who looked down on her. Sure, she looks like a kid from town, and yeah, she actually is from town, but that doesn't mean she acts like it, and she never has. Madge has never seen this boy before, so he shouldn't be judging her just by her looks. And it's not as if she has 'MAYORS DAUGHTER' written on her forehead. " I actually belong out here," she says indignantly. "I come here everyday and I've not once seen you out here in the past five years." The boy just studies Madge with a blank face. " You're the one scaring off all the game in a five mile radius, not me." "It's my first day, okay? And why would you need to hunt, townie ?" He responds, practically spitting the words out. Madge scoffs, shaking her head. She stomps away; even more irritated with the boy because she didn't even get her strawberries. "Hey! Wait!" The boy shouts, and she automatically stops and turns around, crossing her arms. "I need help," he mumbles quietly. "My bowstring is loose and I don't know how to fix it." Madge debates just leaving the rude boy to fix it himself, since he's so high and mighty. But Madge knows he must be desperate if he's crossed the fence and if he's actually asking for help. She sighs and uncrosses her arms, walking towards him and ripping the bow out of his hands. She inspects it, and the string is loose. "What's your name, anyways?" The boy asks. Madge's name is Madalyn, but for some reason she gives him her nickname that so few people know. "Madge. You?" "Gale." Madge just nods, still looking at the bow. "Jesus, when was the last time you used this? I think its toast. You need a new one." Gale is first surprised at her using a biblical term, since it's very much treasonous, but then his face falls at her words. "What?" he chokes out. Madge's head snaps up at his tone, and she instantly regrets being so blunt about when she sees the look on his face. "I mean…" she stutters uselessly. "That was my dad's," he says quietly, eyes sad. "Are you sure you can't fix it?" Madge notices his use on the past tense, but doesn't say anything. There was a mine explosion just two weeks ago and she wonders if maybe his dad was one of the ones who didn't make it. Madge looks back at the bow. "The riser is beautifully made. Hand carved. The limbs of it too," she mutters, more to herself than him. She looks up at him, "I only said that you need a new one because when something happens to mine I just make a new one, but that's just me. Plus it'll be tricky to restring it. Not impossible, though. You just need the right materials." Madge hands him back his bow and picks hers up to show him, happy that the look on his face is now gone at her words. "Look, see? I used a fishing line as string." He nods, looking at her bow and hanging onto her every word. "I don't think I have a fishing line." Madge smiles, and misses Gale's sharp inhale at the sight of it, surprised that he hadn't noticed her beauty until now. She may be 13, but she's already gorgeous, and 14-year-old Gale can't help but take notice. "That's okay. You can use anything really. I've used rawhide before and that works just as well. I just prefer the fishing line myself, it's more flexible and stretches a bit." Madge hesitates before offering. "I have a whole roll of it back there. You can use some of it." Gale shakes his head. "No, that's okay." "No, really, you'll like it a lot more, trust me," Madge smiles, trying to convince him. "I don't thin-okay," he says, seeing the look on her face when he starts to protest again. "I'll trade for it." "That's okay, you don't need to trade anything," Madge shakes her head, swinging her bow onto her shoulder. "I don't need charity," Gale snaps at her, more harsh than he probably should be. Madge looks down at her feet. "It's not charity. It's just a bit of string," she says quietly, shrugging. "Fine," he grumbles, throwing his father's game bag over his shoulder. "Where is it?" he asks hesitantly, like he's afraid of her answer. "This way," Madge points. "Closer to the fence." She keeps it in the log, not wanting to have it at home. They walk in silence for a few minutes, and Madge can't hold it in anymore. "You're too loud." "Excuse me?" "I said that you're too loud. You try hunting with that tread and you'll scare off all the game," Madge points to his feet, avoiding his eyes. "Like this morning," she mutters under her breath. Madge watches as Gale looks down at his feet, thinking. "Anything else?" he asks sarcastically. "Actually, yes," Madge says seriously. "You need to stop holding that bow like its glass. It won't break, it's not some doll. I get that it's important to you, but you'll never be able to use it the way you need to if you treat it like its breakable." Gale doesn't respond, they just keep walking side by side. Madge can't help but notice how comfortable the silence is. Usually with people she always feels the need to talk, not