Chapter 1 How Can You Swallow So Much Sleep? Saw you hanging there With your eyes looking down And it's all wasted now Every year since I turned 12 on reaping day, I woke up the exact same every morning. Today is no different. I get to experience the nightmare than annually haunted me yet again. My hair is matted and damp with sweat, falling out of my braids. My clothes are stuck to my skin, and my pulse is thudding in my ears. The nightmare is the same: I get reaped for the hunger games. I look around my room to avoid thinking about it for the moment, even though I know it will probably stay in mind for the next few hours. My room is cold and incredibly still. My sister Katniss and her husband Gale are 21, and have made it past the age limit for getting reaped. I'm still not sure how, since they both had over 100 slips combined. Katniss and Gale both got so much tesserae so it added to the number of slips. Because they don't allow me to get any for the family, I have about 5 slips to my name. Rory has 12 because he snuck tesserae against Gale's wishes. Katniss and Gale both hunt to feed themselves, and Rory and I join them to hunt for our families. We refused to allow Gale and Katniss to continue to support us after getting married. After knowing the feeling of starvation well, I got over my fears of the woods and hunted animals, even though it causes guilt. I never got over my soft spot for animals, but I knew I may need the knowledge of hunting one day. I swallowed my fears and Katniss taught me how to use a bow (which I may or may not be better at than her), Gale taught me all about snares (which I may or may not be better at than him), and Rory taught me how to throw a knife. Rory has been my best friend since Katniss and Gale became friends, even though I think we would have found each other without their help. We sat at lunch together since we're the same grade, and we were strictly friends, despite rumors of more than that. Our relationship was equivalent to that of a brother and sisters. We declared the rules of what would happen if one of us were to be reaped: do not interfere. We didn't want one of us to volunteer (if the other was reaped) and leave both our families without one more member. Since it's Sunday, Katniss is off work (like all weekends) and Gale doesn't have to go in since its reaping day. Peeta Mellark is one of the nicest guys I know, and another of Katniss's best friends. When his mother passed (thank the lord), his dad passed the business on to Peeta, who was an expert baker. I know it sounds girly, but if you saw him you wouldn't think that. Peeta is blond haired and blue eyed, with a sharp jaw and masculine features. He's also extremely muscular from lifting bags of flour, and kneading dough. Peeta, his father, and Katniss are the only employees. Gale is off work every Sunday, so that's the day we all hunt together. However, Rory and I hunt every other day. Before I roll out of bed, I pull out my hair ties and braid my hair again. Katniss and I both wear our hair with classic braids (hers is only one, while mine has two). I get dressed in my hunting boots, dark green cargo pants, grey camisole, and black leather jacket that was my dads. The sun is just beginning to rise, so the sky is that dark gray color with enough light to guide me and allow me not to trip and fall on my ass. I check on my mother, since we had a rough night healing two male patients who were in a mining accident involving fire and an axe, and a cheating wife. Love triangle maybe? Don't ask. I sure as hell didn't. Working with my mother gives me extensive knowledge on healing the human body, and a head start on my dreams of being a doctor. Bonus. Knowing my mother is asleep; I head towards the door to our meeting spot. We live in the Seam cause we're dirt poor, but we're better off than most due to my hunting. Rory and the Hawthorne's live across from us and Katniss and Gale live around the block. We all meet up in the meadow next to the "electric" fence. Which is complete bullshit since it hasn't actually been on in decades at least. As I'm walking I start to think about the inevitable: if Rory or I were to get reaped. I know it's possible, even though I don't have many, but Rory very well could be with his 12. I agreed with Gale that he shouldn't take out tesserae, and even begged him not to, but he's stubborn and I understood why he did it. Thanks to his experience in the woods, his ridiculous amount of muscle, and his personality (like I said, stubborn), he'd have a good chance at winning. He's also handsome (even though we have a sibling-like relationship, I can still appreciate a pretty face) and well built, so he'd probably get plenty of sponsors. If I were to get reaped though, I probably wouldn't have as good of a chance at winning. Yes, I do have a wide range of skills in the woods, and healing abilities, but I am incredibly lean, with some muscles from tree climbing and running and such. I am short though, with a height of 4'11", but that can work as an advantage for hiding and running. Combined, my overall appearance will discount me as a threat. Sadly. When I'm close enough to see the meadow, Rory's figure is visible in the grass next to the wildflowers. His dark hair gives him away. "Hey Prim. Want to kill some innocent animals?" He grins. Jackass. He knows I hate it. "Oh sure, let me just set aside my morality, just give me about 60 years." I say sarcastically. He laughs. Jackass. "I don't want to. I have to. Today is reason enough." Even though I feel a tad guilty for being harsh (ok not at all guilty), at least he stops laughing. He opens his mouth to say something when we hear voices. "…We shouldn't wait, we don't know what could happen. They deserve to know-" Katniss whispers harshly and not at all quietly to Gale. They may be in an argument (not exactly unusual) but they're holding hands. "Not today. You know the added stress wouldn't help them at all-" Gale interrupts Katniss, but is then interrupted by Katniss when she elbows him and nods furiously and unsubtly in our direction. A minute passes in silence. "You see, I'm hoping that the 'they' you're speaking of isn't us, but what other 'they' is in your lives? You have no friends." I tease them, trying desperately to lighten the uncomfortable tension. It works. "That's not true! I have Peeta and Gale." Katniss replies somewhat haughtily. "Wow, two? I'm sorry, my mistake, I never knew you were such a social butterfly, Katniss." I say sarcastically. "Since you were talking to Gale, that leaves Peeta, and that isn't enough people to make a 'they', so spill." I fold my arms across my chest. "Not now, Prim. We only have a few hours." Gale says somewhat harshly, scowling pointedly at Katniss. "You two should never fight. It makes all of us miserable, and you just feel guilty about it later and we all have to be nauseous watching you two make up and be extremely gross. Save us the pain." Rory says with a roll of his eyes as he walks towards the fence. He holds up the fence for me, and I crawl under it with everyone following. When we get deeper into the woods, we see the unnatural scattering of rocks that highlight where our hidden weapons are. We keep them in a log about 10 feet to the left. Katniss gave me my own bow for my 17th birthday, and Rory gave me a beautifully engraved knife as well. It's hilt has hand-engraved primroses weaving through it, and it's one of my most treasured possessions. I reach for my weapons first, but Rory beats me to it and hands me them with a soft smile that doesn't reach his eyes. Maybe he's as worried about me as I am of him. The thought both warms my heart and saddens me. I trudge ahead of everyone else, separating myself from the others. Along the way, we pick up berries from the few bushes that offer them. While being in the bakery is Katniss's favorite place, this is mine. The trees, the plants, the flowers, the green, everything about it are what I love most. They're all unique and different in their own way. We all separate not more than half a mile from each other, Gale checking his snares, Rory, Katniss and I looking for any signs of dinner. It's been a few months since we've seen any real useful game other than birds and squirrels, so I'm surprised when I see a turkey about 50 feet away. Quietly, I get closer for a better shot, until I'm about twenty feet away. Just as I pull back my arrow, another appears from a tree it was hiding behind. Turning my humanity switch off, I take a deep breath, and release it as I quickly shoot the first, and not a second later the process is repeated and the second is dead before it has a chance to realize what's happened. I look at the dead birds on the ground without a twinge of regret, reminding myself it's my family or them. I hit them both perfectly, one in it's eye and the other it's neck. Astounded that I found one turkey, let alone two, I realize that we won't have to hunt for the rest of the day. Knowing I can't haul them both back myself, I shout everyone's name, which is something you shouldn't do unless it's an emergency because it scares away game. I hear the pounding of footsteps and turn just as I see everyone's furious expressions seeing I'm not in danger, as Gale shouts "Prim! What the-" His sentence is choked off, as he sees what lies not two feet away. "Oh, nothing's wrong," I sigh dramatically, reveling in their elated faces, "I just needed a little help carrying these two turkeys that will feed both our families for a month, back to the Seam." I point a thumb in the direction of the birds. Before I'm finished, they're jogging towards my kills. "Perfect shot, Prim" Katniss says, pulling the arrows out of the bodies. Gale and Rory smile a little dazedly, nodding their agreements. Probably thinking about how amazing I am. Ha. Now that we know for sure we don't have to hunt more because of me-oh and I guess Gale's three snare victims can somewhat count- we decide to walk back and head to the Hob. It takes an hour and a half to get there, with two hours to kill before the reaping. We say hello to Greasy Sae, Darius, and Eli. Eli is Greasy Sae's grandson, and about a year older than me, and one of the most sought after boys in town because of his looks, next to Rory. He can make you laugh until your sides hurt and tears are slipping out of your eyes even when you're sad, and is one of the kindest people I know. He's tall, with larger muscles than Gale and Rory combined. If you didn't know his personality, which many people don't, he would be incredibly intimidating. He's