A/N: This is the Last 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon' Story before 'The Tales of the Heroes of Olympus' Series. Thanks for the support everyone. The total Views from the other nine stories combine is: 35,513 views. For those who stick with the series until now thank you. Now for info on the next story that would be: The Tales of the Heroes of Olympus: the Lost Hero Summary: The last thing Jason expected was to wake up on the bus with no memory. The last thing Piper expected being forced into deciding between her friends and her father. The Last thing Leo expected was to use his power over fire again. But they need to work together to stop Gaea free Hera and find traces of the lost hero: Percy Jackson Warning: Certain ancient Greek names matches words use of foul language but no foul language was intentionally used. Also if you haven't read them yet read 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Early Adventures' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Sea of Monsters' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Titan's Curse' and 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Magical Labyrinth' as well as the one shots 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Stolen Chariot' The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Sword of Hades', 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Bronze Dragon' and 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Last Olympian' before reading this story as stuff that happened in them will be mentioned. Lastly, any one who wants to do a Demigods and Olympian reads story using 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon' is allowed as long as you inform me about it. The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Staff of Hermes It was September 18th on the Great Lawn in Central Park for our one-month anniversary. Annabeth and I knew each other since we were seven, when we were traveling together to New York City with two more of our friends who came to be like our siblings; our late brother Luke Castellan: son of Hermes and our sister who is now lieutenant of the hunters of Artemis Thalia Grace: daughter of Zeus. However, it wasn't until last month on my sixteenth birthday the two of us had our first real kiss and the two of us become a couple. But for today was different. I manage to put together the best date I could for Annabeth today since I promised her for one. I even borrowed my family's lotus casino cash card. "So what do you have planned tonight?" Annabeth asked. "Nice try, Annabeth, but it's a surprise," I responded. "Percy, no offense, but you're bad with surprises," Annabeth said. "No I'm not," I argued. "Then tell me that's not the Lotus Casino Cash Card sticking out of your wallet." "—No—" I said stuffing the wallet my stepdad Paul gave me for my late sixteenth birthday present in my pocket. It wasn't much. It was actually Paul's old wallet, but I still appreciate it because it was my first wallet and it wasn't in bad condition. Truth was I did have one romantic night plan, as long as nothing happened. Of course something did happen. All of the sudden, a streak of light made me blink, as if someone had flashed a mirror of the Great Lawn here no cars were allowed. Lettered on the side took me a while to translate due to my Dyslexia: HERMES EXPRESS "Oh, good," I muttered. "We've got mail." "What?" Annabeth asked. I pointed at the truck. The driver was climbing out. He wore a brown uniform shirt and knee-length shorts along with stylish black socks and cleats. His curly salt-and-pepper hair stuck out around the edge of his brown cap. He looked like a guy in his mid-thirties, but I knew from experience that he was older than that. Hermes. Messenger of the gods. Father of Luke—which I had pointed out earlier. Personal friend, dispenser of heroic quest. He looked upset. He kept patting his pockets and wringing his hands like he lost something important. Finally he spotted me and beckoned, Get over here! "I guess we should see what he wants," I said. "Yeah, I guess," Annabeth sighed. … I knew Hermes better than most of the Olympians. I met him when I was seven under rough circumstances involving Luke that I rather not go into. Since then he been helping me out. Unfortunately, things went downhill when Luke became a vessel of the Titan Lord (a long story), mostly because I had blame for it (again long story). I tried to patch it up with Hermes after Luke's sacrifice, but I don't know if Hermes has quite forgiven me for it. Normally I refer the gods formally. "Hello Lord Hermes," I greeted. Hermes scanned the park as if he was afraid of being watched, which is odd since gods are normally invisible to mortals or at least saw as regular mortals due to the magical veil known as the Mist that covers anything mystical. Hermes glanced at Annabeth, then back at me. "I didn't know the girl would be here. She'll have to swear to keep her mouth shut." Annabeth crossed her arms. "The girl can hear you. And before I swear to anything, maybe you'd better tell us what's wrong." I don't think I've ever seen a god look so jittery. Hermes tucked a curl of gray hair behind his ear. He patted his pockets again. His hands didn't seem to know what to do. He leaned in and lowered his voice. "I mean it, girl. If word gets back to Athena, she'll never stop teasing me. She already thinks she's so much cleverer than I am." "She is," Annabeth said which isn't surprising she said that since Athena is her mother. Hermes glared at her. Did I forget to mention Hermes also blames Annabeth for what happened to Luke? Well he does, and needless to say Annabeth blames Hermes for not being there for Luke in the first place. Plus it didn't help that Annabeth has rough history with most of Hermes kids back in camp. "Promise. Before I explained the problem, both of you must promise to keep silent." "I promised," I said, mostly to get this over with. "Fine, I promise too," Annabeth said. "Now what's wrong." That's when I noticed something was off—or rather two things. Hermes had a staff called a caduceus that has two magical living snakes around it that talk name George and Martha. Although the staff can take different forms, to Hermes needs, usually by now I hear the two arguing unless Hermes put them on silence. That's when it dawn to me. "Where's your caduceus?" I asked. Hermes' eye twitched. He looked like he was about to cry. "Oh, gods," Annabeth said. "You lost your caduceus?" "I didn't lose it!" Hermes snapped. "It was stolen." "Oh, that's much better," Annabeth said sarcastically. Hermes snarled at her. "Annabeth, we already agreed to help him out, so let's hear him out," I said trying to maintain neutral in this, which wasn't easy. "Fine," Annabeth huffed. … We sat in the back of Hermes' delivery truck on a couple of boxes labeled TOXIC SERPENTS. THIS END UP. It may not sound like a good place to sit, but when the other boxes are labeled EXPLOSIVES, DO NOT SIT ON, and DRAKON EGGS, DO NOT STORE NEAR EXPLOSIVES, toxic serpents box sounds a lot better. "So what happened?" I asked him. Hermes slumped on his delivery boxes. He stared at his empty hands. "I only left them alone for a minute. I made a stupid mistake." Annabeth snorted at the statement getting yet another glare from Hermes. "Continue," I said trying hard to break the tension, which wasn't easy. Hermes reluctantly nodded. "I was late with a delivering a box of doormats to Janus." Not a surprise there. "I was bringing him some magic doormats and I was doubled-park and I left my caduceus on the dashboard and ran inside with the box. Then I realized I needed to have Janus sign for the delivery, so I ran back to the truck and the caduceus was gone. If that ugly brute has harmed my snakes, I swear by the Styx—" "Hold on," I said, "You know who took it?" Hermes snorted. "Of course. I checked the security cameras in the area. I talked with the wind nymphs. The thief clearly Cacus." "The fire-breathing giant son of Hephaestus Cacus?" I asked. "Makes sense," Annabeth said, "he has history of stealing from gods. So I take it you want the two of us to get it back to you before anyone notice." "Before five o'clock actually, so I can finish my deliveries," Hermes stated. "I hoped to actually get Percy alone—" "But you found both of us," I stated. "And during our one month anniversary date." Hermes sighed in defeat. "Fine, then how about this: if you do this for me, I'll make it up to you two. I'll set up something for your anniversary dinner or something. I swear on the Styx." We heard thunder outside the truck. Annabeth and I look at each other. Hermes must be desperate to make an oath on the Styx, plus it was a pretty good deal. "Deal," both of us said. … We made arrangements to meet Hermes at the Rockerfeller Center before Hermes left. I must say, it's a good thing Annabeth and I came with our gear just in case of monster attacks. Annabeth stowed our blanket in her backpack and put away our food. The only thig she kept out was her shield. Like a lot of magic items, it was designed to morph into smaller items for easy carrying. The shield shrinks to a plate size, which is what we were using it for our lunch date. Annabeth brushed off the crumbs and tossed the plate into the air. It expanded as it spun. When it landed on the grass it was a full sized bronze shield, its highly polished surface reflecting the sun. I don't know how it would help since it reflect Ariel images under the direct light of the sun or moon and Cacus is known to live underground. But it was our best chance to find him. "Shield, I want to see Cacus." The light rippled across the bronze surface. Instead of reflection, we were looking down at a land scape of dilapidated warehouses and crumbling roads. A rusty water tower rose above the urban blight. It would of took me a while to read the sign over the water tower but it didn't take much to know it wasn't what we're looking for." Annabeth snorted. "This stupid shield has a sense of humor. Okay, very funny, shield. Now I want to see—I mean, show me the location of the fire breathing giant Cacus." The image changed. This time I saw a familiar part of Manhattan: renovated warehouses, brick-paved streets, a glass hotel, and an elevated train track that had been turned into a park with trees and wildflowers. "That's High Line park," I said. "In the Meatpacking District." "Yeah," Annabeth agreed. "But where's the giant?" She frowned and concentrated. The Shield zoomed in on an intersection blocked off with orange barricades and detour signs. Construction equipment sat idle in the shadow of the High Line. Chiseled in the street was a big square hole, cordoned off with yellow police tape. Steam billowed from the pit. I remember hearing about it. A construction worker got hurt. Some freak accident way below the surface involving a fire breaking out. It could have been a Mist cover-up though