Warning: Certain ancient Greek names matches words use of foul language but no foul language was intentionally used. Also if you haven't read them yet read 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Early Adventures' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Sea of Monsters' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Titan's Curse' and 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Magical Labyrinth' before reading this story. Lastly, any one who wants to do a Demigods and Olympian reads story using 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon' is allowed as long as you inform me about it. The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & The Sword of Hades Christmas in the Underworld was NOT my idea. If I'd know what was coming, I would've called in sick. I could've avoided an army of demons, a fight with a Titan, and a trick that almost got my friends and me cast into eternal darkness. Not to mention I already ditch school early this semester to help Clarisse with getting her father Ares' war chariot back from Deimos and Phobos so she could finish Ares' ritual (a long story). So I was determined not to ditch again unless I really have to. So here I was, at Goode High school, sitting in the auditorium with all the other freshmen finishing an English Exam containing an essay on A Tale of Two Cities . I had a bit of an advantage over most of the students though. One: I pulled some strings with Camp Half-Blood to get me the Ancient Greek version since my brain is hardwired for it causing me to be dyslexic with any other written language; and two: I had extra time in this exam due to my Dyslexia as well as ADHD to finish the exam. I was finishing the test after having so much time on it with other students when Mrs. O'Leary burst onto the stage, barking like crazy. Mrs. O'Leary is my pet hellhound. She's a shaggy black monster the size of a Hummer, with razor fangs, steel-sharp claws, and glowing red eyes. She's really sweet, but she usually stays at Camp Half-Blood, a demigod training camp I been attending since I was seven years old and saw as my second home. I was a little surprise to see her on stage, trampling over the Christmas trees, and Santa elves and the rest of the Winter Wonderland set. Sure I could summon her at anytime by blowing a special whistle my friend Annabeth had made for me based off of Daedalus' designs, but I didn't even have it out. Everyone looked up and started snickering and laughing. A couple of girls said, "Awww, cute!" Even Rachel Elizabeth Dare, who was a redheaded green eye mortal girl I befriended and hanged out with held back a giggle. Our English teacher, Dr. Boring (I'm not kidding; that's his real name), adjusted his glasses and frowned. "All right," he said. "Whose poodle?" I sighed in relief. Thank gods I didn't have to manipulate the Mist—the magical veil that keeps humans from seeing things the way they are. Only those like Rachel who has the ability called clear sight that allow her to see through the Mist are able to see things as it is. Only reason Rachel wasn't scared was because she met Mrs. O'Leary before, and—after telling her what happened to Mrs. O'Leary's previous owner Daedalus—knows she's mine. "Um, my poodle, sir," I spoke up. "Sorry! It must've followed me." Somebody behind me started whistling 'Mary had a Little Lamb.' More kids cracked up. "Enough!" Dr. Boring snapped. "Percy Jackson—" "I'll take her outside sir. I'm done anyways," I said as I closed my test booklet and ran toward the stage. Mrs. O'Leary bounded for the exit and I followed, but not before I snapped my fingers and manipulated the mist to make people think Mrs. O'Leary was a St. Bernard instead of a poodle along with making Mrs. O'Leary look like one to mortals as well. … Mrs. O'Leary ran down Eight Eighty-first Street toward the river. "Slow down!" I yelled. "Where are you going?" Mrs. O'Leary kept well ahead of me. She turned to bark every once in a while as if to say Move it, slowpoke! She ran three blocks north, straight into Carl Schurz Park. By time I caught up with her, she leaped an Iron fence and disappeared into a huge topiary wall of snow covered pushes. "Aw, come on," I complained. I didn't have a chance to grab by coat back at school. I was already freezing, but I climbed the fence and plunged into the frozen shrubbery. On the other side was a clearing—a half acre of icy grass ringed with bare trees. Mrs. O'Leary was sniffing around, wagging her tail like crazy. I didn't see anything out of the ordinary. In front of me, the steel-colored East River flowed sluggishly. White plumes billowed from the rooftops in Queens. Behind me, the Upper East Side loomed cold and silent. Then I had a familiar tingle on the back of my neck, like the electricity in the air just increased, along with the sense of death. I wasn't the only one who sense it. Mrs. O'Leary lifted her head and her nostrils quivered. Then, the bushes rustled and a golden deer burst through. When I say gold, I don't mean yellow. This thing had metallic fur and horns that looked like genuine fourteen-karat. It shimmered with an aura of golden light, making it almost too bright to look at. It was the most beautiful creature I'd seen, and I knew what it was. Mrs. O'Leary licked her lips like she was thinking dear burgers ! I forgotten about the familiar senses of electricity and death when I saw this and shouted, "No, girl! Heal! Don't even think about attacking the deer!" Unfortunately, the bushes rustled again and two figures in a hooded parkas leaped into the clearing, both with their arrows notched in her bow before I could stop Mrs. O'Leary." I quickly reached for my thermos that I had hidden under my shirt, uncapped it and readied it to fire he girls aimed at me—then froze. "Percy!" They pushed back their silvery hoods of their parkas. I recognized the girls immediately, including the tiara one of them was wearing that marked her as the first lieutenant of Artemis. "Thalia! Bianca!" I said recapping my thermos. "What are you doing here?" "We were following the golden deer," Thalia said, "It's the sacred animal of Artemis, so we figured it was some sort of sign." "I take it you were following your hellhound?" Bianca asked. "Yeah! I think she was sent for me, but I don't— Mrs. O'Leary, no!" Mrs. O'Leary was sniffing the deer and basically not respecting its personal space. The deer butted her in the nose. Pretty soon the two of them were playing a strange game of keep-away around the clearing. "This can't be a coincidence. The three of us ending up in the same place at the same time," Thalia said. She's right. Demigods didn't have coincidences. Bianca was a good friend and Thalia was a sister to me, but I haven't seen them since after the Battle of the Labyrinth. "Maybe a god is messing with us," I said, "Although I thought I would get a break before winter solstice after helping Clarisse deal with Deimos and Phobos." "You fought Fear and Terror?" Thalia asked. Leave it to Thalia to know when I said 'deal with' means fighting. "It's a long story, that involves some things that Clarisse and I agreed to never bring up again," I responded. Thalia nodded in understanding. She of all people knew what it's like to face stuff that you would rather not bring up. "Eitherway, it's good to see you two again," I said. "Yeah," Bianca agreed. "Maybe if we get out of this in one piece we'll buy you a cheeseburger," Thalia said, "How's Annabeth doing after—you know…" "Pretty good. She got Beckendorf to help her make some Daedalus designs for inventions including a permanent dog whistle for Mrs. O'Leary," I responded. I was about to show them the whistle when a cloud passed over the sun. The golden deer shimmered and disappeared, leaving Mrs. O'Leary barking at a pile of leaves. I uncapped my pen Riptide, which extended into a three-foot-long sword that I had in my pocket. Thalia and Bianca drew their bows. A patch of darkness passed over the clearing and a boy tumbled out of it like he'd been tossed, landing in the grass at our feet. "Ow," he muttered. He brushed off his aviator's jacket. He was about twelve years old, with dark hair like Bianca's, jeans, a black T-shirt, and a silver skull ring on his right hand. A sword hung at his side. "Nico?" Bianca responded seeing her little brother. Although at this point the two were at the same age since Bianca was immortalize at twelve years old in return for joining the hunters. "What are you doing here?" I asked. "That's what I was going to ask you," Nico responded. "One minute I'm in a New Orleans graveyard. The next minute—is this New York? What in Hades' name am I doing in New York?" "Nico di Angelo, watch your language!" Bianca snapped. Even as a hunter the same age as Nico now, she still acted like the older sibling. Thalia and I looked at each other. The four of us being here is beyond coincidence. Each of us were a child of the big three, Thalia being the daughter of Zeus, Nico and Bianca being children of Hades, and me being the son of Poseidon. This could be about the Prophecy referring to one of the big three who would turn sixteen and make a decision that saved or destroy the world, and right now I'm next candidate for the prophecy since Thalia is immortalize as a fifteen-year-old who was only a day away from turning sixteen. The ground rumbled. Nico drew his own sword—black blade of Stygian iron. Mrs. O'Leary leaped backward and barked in alarm. Too late, I realize she was trying to warn me. The ground opened up under Thalia, Bianca, Nico, and me and we fell into darkness. … The last thing I expected when we fell into the darkness, was that we will land in a garden screaming in terror until we realize we weren't falling anymore, much to our embarrassment. "What—where are we?" Thalia asked. The garden was dark. Rows of silver flowers glowed faintly, reflecting off huge gemstones that lined the planting beds—diamonds, sapphires, and rubies the size of footballs. Trees arched over us, their branches covered with orange blooms and sweet-smelling fruit. The air was cool and damp—but not like a New York winter. More like a cave. But what gave this place away was the familiar cemented garden gnomes of creatures known and hidden to mortals that were so life like they looked like they were once alive—Medusa's victims. "Persephone's garden," I said as my eyes widened, "We're in the underworld." "Whatever you do, don't eat anything," Bianca told us. "Not unless you want to stay imprisoned here," Nico responded. Thalia and I didn't need to be told twice. Being children of Poseidon and Zeus, we're not exactly welcome in Hades' domain, especially after the oath was made where none of the big three can have kids which Zeus and Poseidon broke. But this didn't make sense. Persephone's garden was within Hades' palace grounds. If Kronos wanted all of us, he wouldn't take us where Bianca's and Nico's dad was at… maybe if it was just Thalia and me, but not the di Angelos. "Heads up!" Thalia warned. I turned and found