A/N: Certain ancient Greek names matches words use of foul language but no foul language was intentionally used. Also if you haven't read them yet read 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Early Adventures' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief' and 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Sea of Monsters' before reading this story. Lastly, any one who wants to do a Demigods and Olympian reads story using 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon' is allowed as long as you inform me about it. The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Titan's Curse We Face Trouble Right Away The Friday before winter break, my mom packed me an overnight bag with my thermos and a few deadly weapons and took me to a boarding school. We picked up my friends Annabeth and Thalia on the way. It was an eight-hour drive from New York to Bar Harbor, Maine. Sleet and snow pounded the highway. I been in contact with Annabeth and Thalia the last few months, but tonight with the blizzard and the thought of what we were about to do, we were too nervous to talk much. Except for my mom. She talks more when she's nervous. By the time we finally got to Westover Hall, it was getting dark, and she'd told Annabeth and Thalia every embarrassing baby story there was to tell about me. Of course they already heard of it before seven years ago, but it doesn't help. Thalia wiped the fog off the car window and peered outside. "Oh, yeah. This'll be fun." Westover Hall looked like an evil knight's castle. It was all black stone, with towers and slit windows and a big set of wooden double doors. It stood on a snowy cliff overlooking this big frosty forest on one side and the gray churning ocean on the other. "Are you sure you don't want to wait?" my mother asked. "No, thanks, Mom," I said. "I don't know how long it will take. We'll be okay." "But how will you get back? I'm worried, Percy." I hoped I wasn't blushing. It was bad enough I had to ask my mom to drive us here on an eight hour trip for a possible life-or-death battle bringing the emergency Lotus Cash Card in case we ran short on cash along the way. "It's okay, Ms. Jackson." Annabeth smiled reassuringly. Her blond hair was tucked into a ski cap ad her gray eyes were the same color of the ocean. "We'll keep him out of trouble." My mom seemed to relax a little. She thinks Annabeth has grown over the seven years into the most levelheaded demigod to ever hit the eighth grade. She's sure that whenever I started acting without thinking Annabeth kept me from getting killed. Although it hasn't happened as much as some might think, it does happen. "All right, dears," my mom said. "Do you have everything you need?" "Yes, Ms. Jackson," Thalia said. "Thanks for the ride." "Extra sweaters? You have my cell phone number?" "Mom—" "And Paul's phone number just incase, right?" "Mom—" "Your ambrosia and nectar, Percy? And a golden drachma in case you need to contact camp?" "Mom, seriously! We'll be fine," I said, and sighed. "I promise I'll contact you when we arrive at camp. See you after the winter solstice." That seemed to ease my mom's mind a little. "Okay, dear." We got out of the car into an icy cold wind. Once my mother's car was out of sight Thalia asked, "Whose Paul?" "My mom's new boyfriend," I replied. "He's an English teacher at a high school. They met during a current and future writer convention at NYU. He's actually really cool but my mom and I agreed not to tell him about my secret life until we know for sure if he can take the news." "What about Tyson?" Annabeth asked. Tyson was my baby cyclops half-brother that my mom and I adopted off the streets on my dad's request. Last summer, before Thalia was purged from tree back in our lives, Tyson left the forges. "As far as Paul understands we adopted Tyson for my dad, and he's attending a school he got a scholarship in with an internship for those with his special skills," I responded. "I still can't get over the fact your mom adopted a cyclops," Thalia said. "I get he's not the same Cyclops as the one we faced in Brooklyn, but still—" I shrugged. Before dad led Tyson to us if someone said that way about Tyson that way, I would agree. Now I experience it myself that that not all cyclops are like the Brooklyn Cyclops or worse Polyphemus, and that until someone see it for themselves, it will take time for anyone—especially a half-blood—to get use to Tyson. "We better get inside," Annabeth said. "Grover will be waiting." Thalia looked at the castle and shivered. "You're right. I wonder what he found here that made him send a distress call." I stared up at the dark towers of Westover Hall. "Nothing good," I guessed. … The oak doors groaned open, and the three of us stepped into the entry hall in a swirl of snow. All I could say was, "Whoa." The place was huge. The walls were lined with battle flags and weapon displays: antique rifles, battle axes, and a bunch of other stuff that looked like something Ares' kids would collect in their cabin (I should know since my father's cabin neighbor's Ares cabin). I knew Westover was a military school and all, but the decorations seemed like overkill. Literally. My hand went to my pocket, where I kept my lethal ballpoint pen, Riptide. I could already sense something wrong in this place. Something dangerous. Thalia was rubbing her silver bracelet, her favorite magical item. I knew we were thinking the same thing. A fight was coming. Annabeth started to say, "I wonder where—" The doors slammed behind us. "Oo-kay," I mumbled. "Guess we'll stay a while." I could hear music echoing from the other end of the hall. It sounded like dance music. We stashed our overnight bags behind the pillar but not before I took out my own magical item—a celestial bronze thermos with a coating of fossilize sea shells inside so that when I focus my power into it, it can fire a jet of water as powerful as I want it to be. It was a gift from my father—Poseidon God of the sea—to help me with my first quest two years ago. However, last year I asked Beckendorf—son of god of forge Hephaestus—to modified the lid so I can just hook it on my belt so if I can carry it around even when I don't have my backpack. I don't have to worry about people finding it odd that I carried a thermos around on my belt most of the time because since the thermos is made out of Celestial Bronze on the outside, the magical veil that covers up the mystical or magical items: the Mist, covers it up making it look like something else or the mortals don't even see it at all. If not I knew how to manipulate the Mist if needed. Once my thermos was hooked to my belt and concealed we started down the hall. We hadn't gone very far when I heard footsteps on the stone floor, and a man and woman marched out of the shadows to intercept us. They both had short gray hair ad black military style uniforms with red trim. The woman had a wispy mustache, and the guy had a clean shaven, which seemed backwards to me. They both walked stiffly, like they had broomsticks taped to their spine. "Well?" the woman demanded. "What are you doing here?" "Looks to me we have uninvited visitors! Which means you have to be eee-jected !" He had an accent that almost sound French. He pronounced his J like in Jacques . He was tall with a hawkish face. His nostrils flared when he spoke, which made it really hard not to stare up his nose, and his eyes were two different colors—one brown, one blue—like an alley cat's. Unless we wanted to be thrown into the snow, I knew we need to manipulate the Mist to alter their memories. Thalia must have thought the same thing, because she stepped forward and snapped her fingers. The sound was sharp and loud as a gust of wind rippled out of her hand across the room. It washed over all of us, making the banners rustle on the walls. "Oh, but we're not visitors, sir," Thalia said. "We go to school here. Remember: I'm Thalia. And this is Annabeth and Percy. We're in the eighth grade." The male teacher narrowed his two-colored eyes that gave me a shiver down my back. Judging from his expression he wasn't fooled by the Mist Manipulations. It occurred to either this guy is not what he seems, which I hope is not the case, or he is one of the few percentage of mortals that not only able to see through the Mist but wasn't affected by it. See, despite the Olympians tried to cover up everything mystical to Mortals, there are few known cases of mortals who can see through the Mist and see stuff most mortals can't comprehend. Cause of it, these mortals aren't affected by all the powers of the Mist, including the alteration of memories. I know this because my mom is one of those mortals—it was one of the few things about her that caught my dad's attention. However, most of those mortals try to keep it to themselves since no one would believe them. Fortunately the guy turned to his colleague. "Ms. Gottschalk, do you know these students?" Despite the danger we were in, I had to bite my tongue to keep from laughing. A teacher named Got Chalk ? He had to be kidding. The woman blinked, like someone had just woken her up from a trance—like most mortals do when you use the Mist to change their memories. "I… yes. I believe I do, sir." She frowned at us. "Annabeth. Thalia. Percy. What are you doing away from the gymnasium?" Before we could answer, I heard more footsteps, and Grover ran up, breathless. "You made it! You—" He stopped short when he saw the teachers. "Oh, Mrs. Gottschalk. Dr. Thorn! I, uh—" "What is it, Mr. Underwood?" said the man. His tone made it clear that he detested Grover. "What do you mean, they made it? These students live here." Grover swallowed. "Yes, sir. Of course, Dr. Thorn. I just meant, I'm glad they made… the punch for the dance! The punch is great. And they made it!" I wanted to slap my forehead and groaned. Grover never was good at lying. In fact, the only reason he survived last summer on Polyphemus' island up until we saved him was because he used Polyphemus was blind and dumb enough to think Grover was a female Cyclops in a wedding dress with bad weaving skills and wearing a perfume that makes him smell like a satyr. Luckily Mrs. Gottschalk said dreamily, "Yes, the punch is excellent. Now run along, all of you. You are not to leave the gymnasium again!" We didn't wait to be told twice. We just left with a lot of "Yes, ma'ams" and "Yes, sirs" and a couple of salutes, just because it seemed like the right thing to do. Grover hustled us down the hall in the direction of the music. I could feel the teachers' eyes on my back, but I walked closely to Thalia. "Nice work with the Mist there." "Thanks, Chiron taught it to me before letting me leave Camp with Annabeth," Thalia replied, "From what I heard you became