Warning: Certain ancient Greek names matches words use of foul language but no foul language was intentionally used. Also if you haven't read them yet read 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Early Adventures' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Sea of Monsters' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Titan's Curse' and 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Magical Labyrinth' as well as the one shots 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Stolen Chariot' The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Sword of Hades', 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Bronze Dragon' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Last Olympian' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Staff of Hermes' and 'The Tales of the Heroes of Olympus: The Lost Hero' before reading this story as stuff that happened in them will be mentioned. Lastly, any one who wants to do a Demigods and Olympian reads story using 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon' is allowed as long as you inform me about it. A/N: I'm going to MAKE THIS CLEAR. Just like I mention on my bio page about every other fanfiction I done: I DON'T OWN THE PERCY JACKSON AND THE OLYMPIAN SERIES OR IT'S CHARACTERS as the rights goes to Rick Rioran. Also I suggest you guys start paying attention to the Author notes and my warnings that I left on EVERY chapter of EVERY story. Because I KNOW I warn all of you about the first chapter before it started. Sorry if this chapter is too much like the book The NExt story coming up is- The Tales of the Heroes of Olympus: The Son of Neptune Summary: After waking up with almost no memory in the Wolf house except for the name of his girlfriend, Percy is trained by the Roman Wolf Goddess Lupa before being send to the Roman Camp: Camp Jupiter, just in time to help an unexpected couple of friends save it from Gaea and two of her Giant Sons: The Banes of Neptune & Pluto themselves, and free Thantos. The Tales of the Heroes of Olympus: The Quest for Buford …Leo's POV… I blamed the Windex. I should've known better. Now my entire project—two months of work—might literally blow up in my face. I stormed around Bunker 9, cursing myself for being so stupid, while my friends tried to calm me down. "It's okay," Jason said. "We're here to help." "Just tell us what happened," Piper urged. At least they dropped whatever they were doing to answer my distress call. I couldn't turn to anyone else. The only other person I could have turned too was my brother Beckendorf and he left camp to go back to NYU, leaving me in charge of Cabin Nine (which wasn't much of a backfire on the building my project since it still left me a dozen siblings). Jason looked cool and confident as usual—all surfer-dude handsome with his blonde hair and sky-blue eyes. The scar on his mouth and the sword at his side gave him a rugged appearance, like he could handle anything. Piper stood next to him in her jeans and orange camp T-shirt. Her long brown hair was braided down on one side. Her dagger Katoptris gleamed at her belt. Despite the situation, her multicolored eyes sparkled like she was trying to suppress a smile. Now that Jason and she were officially together for real , Piper looked like that a lot. It's not that I don't blame her. See when we met Jason—Hera, who decided to drop him in our lives, created fake memories of Jason in our heads. For me, it was being Jason's best friend and for Piper it was him being her boyfriend. Long story short, Piper wasn't too happy at first to find out that the memories were fake, but it was still clear that she liked him very much and he felt the same, so when they did get together, it was like a dream come true—just almost literally . And what do I get out of it? A cabin full of sibling, a project that needs to be done by Summer Solstice, and situation I need their help to fix. I took a deep breath. "Okay, guys. This is serious . Bufford's gone. If we don't get him back, this whole place is going to explode." Piper's eyes lost some of that smiley sparkle. "Explode? Um… okay. Just calm down and tell us who Buford is." She probably didn't do it on purpose, but Piper had this child-of-Aphrodite power called charmspeak that made her voice hard to ignore and make you do what she says. I felt my muscles relaxing and my mind clearing. "Fine," I said. "Come here." I led them across the hangar floor, carefully skirting some of my more dangerous projects. In my two months at Camp Half-Blood, I spent most of my time at Bunker 9. It became a second home to me. I could stay in here forever if Piper Jason and at time Beckendorf haven't come and get me so I can get something to eat. But I knew my friends still felt uncomfortable here. I don't blame them. The bunker was built into the side of a limestone cliff deep into the woods, and was part weapons depot, part machine shop, and part underground safe house, with a little bit of Area 51—style craziness thrown in for good measures. Rows of workbenches stretched into the darkness. Tool cabinets, storage closets, cages full of welding equipment, and stacks of construction material made a labyrinth of aisles so vast, I figured I'd only explored ten percent of it so far. Overhead ran a series of catwalks and pneumatic tubes for delivering supplies, plus a high-tech lighting and sound system that I was just starting to figure out. A large magical banner hung over the center of the production floor. I last December I discovered how to change the display, like the Times Square JumboTron, but I haven't change it since Christmas, so despite it being Febuary, it reads: Merry Christmas! All your presents belong to Leo ! I been thinking of changing it, but the next upcoming holiday was Valentines Day coming up and with me being dateless, I decided to wait until after it. Anyways, I ushered my friends to the central staging area. Decades ago, my metallic friend Festus the Bronze Dragon was created here. Now, I was slowly assembling my pride and joy—the Argo II . At the moment, it didn't look like much. The keel was laid—a length of Celestial bronze curved like an archer's bow, two hundred feet from bow to stern. The lowest hull planks had been set in place, forming a shallow bowl held together by scaffolding. Mast lay to one side, ready for positioning. The bronze dragon figurehead—formerly the head of Festus—sat nearby, carefully wrapped in velvet, waiting to be installed in its place of honor where I'll add a brand new control disc that will turn the dragon's head on, bringing him back to life—just not as a dragon. Most of my time had been spent in the middle of the ship, at the base of the hull, where I was building the engine that would run the warship. I climbed the scaffolding and jumped into the hull. Jason and Piper followed me. Fixed to the keel, the engine apparatus looked like a high-tech jungle gym made from pipes, pistons, bronze gears, magical disks, steam vents, electric wires, and a million other magical and mechanical pieces. I slid inside and pointed out the combustion chamber. It was a thing of beauty, a bronze sphere the size of a basketball, its surface bristling with glass cylinders so it looked like a mechanical sunburst. Gold wires ran from the ends of the cylinders, connecting to various parts of the engine. Each cylinder was filled with a different magical and highly dangerous substance. The central sphere had a digital clock display the read 66:21 . The maintenance panel was open. Inside, the core was empty. "See, here's the problem," I announced. Jason scratch his head. "Uh… what are we looking at?" Piper was as confused as Jason. I sighed as I had to remind myself that they weren't children of Hephaestus and probably didn't see the problem. "Okay, you want the full explanation or the short explanation?" "Short," Piper and Jason said in unison. I gestured at the empty core. "The syncopator goes here. It's a multi-access gyro-valve to regulate the flow. The dozen glass tubes on the outside? Those are filled with powerful, dangerous stuff. That glowing red one is Lemnos fire from my dad's forges. This murky stuff here? That's the water from the Styx. The stuff in the tubes is going to power the ship, right? Like radioactive rods in a nuclear reactor. But the mix ratio has to be controlled, and the timer is already operational." I tapped the digital clock, which now read 65:15 . "That means without the syncopator, this stuff is all going to vent into the chamber at the same time, in sixty-five minutes. At that point, we'll get a very nasty reaction." Jason and Piper stared at me in even more confusion. I wondered if I'd been speaking Spanish. Sometimes when I was agitated I slipped into Spanish, like my mom used to do in her workshop. But I was pretty sure I'd used English. "Um…" Piper cleared her throat. "Could you make the short explanation shorter?" I smacked my forehead and realized the problem wasn't that I wasn't speaking English, I was speaking mechanic-geek language. Beckendorf explained to me that if we go too technical with what we're saying to the point most don't understand us. "Fine. One hour. Fluids mix. Bunkers goes ka-boom. One square mile of forest turns into a smoking crater." "Oh," Piper said in a small voice. "Can't you turn it off." "Gee, I didn't think of that," I said sarcastically. "Let me just hit this switch and— No , Piper. I can't turn it off. This is a trickery machinery. Everything has to be assembled in a certain order in a certain amount of time. Once the combustion chamber is rigged, like this, you can't just leave all those tubes sitting there. The engine has to be put into motion. The countdown clock started automatically, and I've got to install the syncopator before the fuel goes critical. Which would be fine except… well, I lost the syncopator." Jason folded his arms. "You lost it. Don't you have an extra? Can't you pull one out of your toolbelt?" I shook my head. My magical tool belt could produce a lot of great stuff. Any kind of common tool—hammers, screwdrivers, bolt cutters, whatever—I could pull out of pockets just by thinking about it. But the belt couldn't fabricate complicated devices or magical items. "The syncopator took me a week to make," I said. "And yes, I made a spare. I always do. But that's lost too. They were both in Buford's drawers. And before you ask, Piper, Buford is a magical walking table. About three feet high, mahogany top, bronze base, three movable legs. I save him from one of the supply closets and got him in working order. He's just like the tables my dad has in his workshop. Awesome helper; carries all my important machine parts." "So what happened to him?" Piper asked. I felt a lump of guild in my throat. "I—I got careless. I polished him with Windex, and… he ran away." Jason looked like he was still trying to figure out an equation. "Let me get this straight. Your table ran away… because you polished him with Windex."