A/N: This is the Last of the three part One-shots before 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Last Olympian, and here's the summary of it. Summary: With the 2nd Titan War reaching it's ending point, what's left of my friends from Camp Half-Blood along with any ally that can break through Kronos' and his god-allies' powers must make a final stand against the titan army at Manhattan while the most of the Olympians either fight Typhoon, or Oceanus, or is locked up in the Underworld. At least we have Hestia. There will be one One-Shots after the Last Olympian with the Staff of Hermes before I start the Tales of the Heroes of Olympus part of the series Warning: Certain ancient Greek names matches words use of foul language but no foul language was intentionally used. Also if you haven't read them yet read 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Early Adventures' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Sea of Monsters' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Titan's Curse' and 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Magical Labyrinth' before reading this story. Lastly, any one who wants to do a Demigods and Olympian reads story using 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon' is allowed as long as you inform me about it. The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & The Bronze Dragon When I got to keep the control disc for a proto-Talus Automaton as a trophy of war, I never thought I would use it to help repair an automaton dragon. But hey, that's the life of a demigod for you, expect the unexpected or get killed in the process. The evening it happed actually started like every other evening at Camp Half-Blood, which is saying something considering the Second Titan War has started last summer. It was the end of June and we were either fighting Kronos' army or training to fight them. After dinner, all the campers were hanging out the dinner pavilion. We were all excited because that evening Capture the Flag was going to be totally vicious. The night before, Hephaestus' cabin pulled off a huge upset. They'd captured the flag from Ares—with my help, thank you very much—which meant that Ares cabin would be out for blood. Well… they're always out for blood, but this night especially. On the blue team were Hephaestus' Cabin, Apollo, Hermes and me—the only camper in Poseidon's cabin this summer. My cyclops-brother Tyson would of been here this summer as our dad: Poseidon promised he could every summer, but the underwater war between Dad and the ancient ocean gods that joined Kronos gotten so bad that Tyson had to stay in the forges of the cyclops for his own safety. The bad news was this night game was one of those rare times Athena and Ares—both war god cabins—were working together, and against us on the red team, along with Aphrodite Dionysus, and Demeter. Plus, the near death experience from the Battle of the Labyrinth the summer before had really opened some of Aphrodite's kids' eyes to the fact that they better start taking their training a little more serious if they plan to survive this war, and, as it turns out, majority of Aphrodite's kids, like their cabin counsellor Silena Beauregard, can be pretty good in anything—other than anything related to make up and fashion—if they put their minds into it. Anyways, my main concern was going up against my child hood friend and daughter of Athena: Annabeth Chase. Not because we knew each other since we were seven, but rather because Annabeth is not somebody you want as an enemy. Right before the game, I was feeding my gigantic hellhound Mrs. O'Leary my scraps while I dressed in my armor when Annabeth strolled up to me in her armor. "Hey, Seaweed Brain." I rolled my eyes. She gave me that nickname when we were seven, and she never stopped calling me that. "What bring you here, Wise Girl?" I asked. "Just that if you don't want to be pulverize tonight, you better stay in a safe position… like the right flank, for instance." "Gee, thanks," I said. "But I'm playing to win, and just because we're friends won't mean I won't use my thermos against you." I patted my magical thermos that has a coating of sea fossils inside that allow me to summon and fired water from between a simple guesser of water to a full on water blast strapped to my belt. She smiled. "See you on the battle field." She jogged back to her teammates, who all laughed and gave her high fives. I rolled my eyes. Ever since Annabeth got that laptop she inherit from her hero Daedalus, I rarely see her outside of training and Capture the Flag. Beckendorf walked up with his helmet under his arm. "She likes you, man." "Yeah, as a childhood friend and brother," I responded. "I don't know man. It looks more than that," Beckendorf said. "You ought to ask her to the fireworks." Even after so many years of knowing Beckendorf, I could never tell when he was serious. Beckendorf was lead counsellor of Hephaestus. He was this huge dude with a permanent scowl, muscles like a pro ballplayer, and hands calloused from working in the forges. He'd just turned eighteen and was his way to NYU in the fall. Since he was older and a good friend, I normally listened to him about stuff, but asking Annabeth to the Fourth of July fireworks down at the beach—like, the biggest dating event of the summer—made my stomach do somersaults. Plus there was another situation Beckendorf wasn't completely aware about. Before coming the school year ended, I been hanging out with Rachel Elizabeth Dare—a mortal girl who could see through the magical veil known as the Mist—a lot more than usual lately. I wouldn't exactly said we been dating, but rumors had already spread around my school that by our sophomore year of high school (By the way, I did make it through my freshmen year at Goode without being expelled) the two of us will be boyfriend and girlfriend. Then Silena Beauregard passed by. Beckendrf had had a not-so-secret crush on her for three years. She had long black hair and like her siblings, eyes that changes colors, which right now were big brown, and when she walked, the guys tended t watch. And if you ever need proof that he as a crush on her, she calls Beckendorf by his first name Charles or Charlie, and is the only person he allows to call him that. So it was no surprise when she said, "Good luck, Charlie." She flashed him a brilliant smile and went to join Annabeth on the red team. "Uh…" Beckendorf swallowed like he'd forgotten how to breathe as I pat him on the shoulder. I guess I shouldn't blame the guy. I met his father, Hephaestus, even did him a favor once in return for information. Let me tell you, the god of forge and fire is not exactly good about socializing with those around him unless you're a cyclopes or an automaton. … Naturally, Beckendorf and I took the most dangerous job in the game. While Apollo cabin played defense with their bows, Hermes cabin would charge up the middle of the woods to distract the enemy. Meanwhile, Beckendorf and I would scout around the left flank, located the enemy flag, knock out the defenders, and get the flag back to our side. Simple. Just incase we failed the rest of Beckendorf's siblings was taking the right. So why are we taking the left flank? "Because Annabeth wanted me to go right," I told Beckendorf, "which means she doesn't want us to go left." Beckendorf nodded. "Let's suit up." He'd been working on a secret weapon from the two of us—bronze chameleon armor, enchanted to blend into the background. If we stood in front of rocks, our breastplates, helms, and shields turned gray. If we stood in front of bushes, the metal changed to leafy green. It wasn't true invisibility, but we'd have pretty good cover, at least from a distance. Plus, I don't normally play Capture the Flag with Mrs. O'Leary. As resourceful as it is to ride on a gigantic hellhound's back in the game is, it's only fair to stick to magical items and weapons just like everyone else, which is why I left my hellhound whistle with my stash in Cabin Three. Although for some reason for this game I brought my control disc I got from one of Hephaestus' prototypes for Talus the Automaton giant. I don't know why, just that I had a feeling I would need it. "This stuff took forever to forge," Beckendorf warned me. "Don't mess it up!" "You got it, Captain." Beckendorf grunted. I could tell he likes being called "captain." The rest of Hephaestus campers wished us well, and we sneak off into the woods, immediately turning brown and green to match the trees. … We crossed the creek that served as the boundary between the teams. We heard fighting in the distance—swords clashing against shields. I glimpsed a flash of light from some magical, but we saw no one. "No border guards?" Beckendorf whispered. "Weird." "You're right," I responded, "This is too easy." We moved into enemy territory. I knew we had to hurry, because our team was playing a defensive game, and that couldn't last forever. The Apollo kids would get overrun sooner or later. The Ares cabin wouldn't be slowed down by a little thing like arrows. Not to mention Ares and Apollo cabin been at each other's throat the past few weeks, ever since their last quest so I know if we don't end this game soon, things might get out of hand. We crept along the base of an oak tree. I almost jumped out of my skin when a dryad emerged from the trunk. "Shoo!" she said, then faded back into the bark. "Dryads," Beckendorf grumbled. "So touchy." "Am not!" a muffled voice said from the tree. We kept moving. It was hard to tell exactly where we were. Some landmarks stood out, like the creek and certain cliffs and some really old trees, but the woods tended to shift around from the nature spirits getting restless. Paths changed. Trees moved. Then suddenly we were at the edge of a clearing. I knew we were in trouble when I saw the mountain of dirt. "Holy Hephaestus," Beckendorf whispered. "The Ant Hill." I wanted to back up and run. This is not your average ant hill—if the size weren't an indicator of it. Mounds like this rise up time to time and they're always four stories at least. The sides were riddled with tunnels, and crawling in and out were tunnels of Myrmekes, which is ancient Greek for "ants," but these ants were the size of German shepherds. Their armored shells glistened bloodred. Their eyes were beady black, and their razor sharp mandibles slice and snap. Some carried tree branches. Some carried chunk of raw meat that I don't want to know where they got it from. Most carried bits of metal—old armor, swords, food platters that somehow found their way out here from the dining pavilion. One ant was dragging the glossy black hood of a sports car. See, Myrmekes loves shiny metal, especially gold. There are even rumors going around that they have more gold in their nest than Fort Knox which is tempting for those who are envious for gold. "Let's get out here while we…" Beckendorf's eyes widened. Fifty feet away, two ants were struggling to drag a big hunk of metal toward their nest. It was the size of a refrigerator,