A/N: Here's the first of the cannon version of the one shot of the Percy Jackson Series. Enjoy! Warning: Certain ancient Greek names matches words use of foul language but no foul language was intentionally used. Also if you haven't read them yet read 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Early Adventures' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Sea of Monsters' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Titan's Curse' and 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Magical Labyrinth' before reading this story. Lastly, any one who wants to do a Demigods and Olympian reads story using 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon' is allowed as long as you inform me about it. The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & The Stolen Chariot I was in fifth period science class when I heard these noises outside. SCRAWK! OW! SCREECH! "HIYA!" Like somebody was getting attacked by possessed poultry, and believe me, that's a situation I've been in before. Nobody else seemed to notice the commotion. We were doing a lab, so everybody was talking, and it wasn't hard for me to go look outside the window while I pretended to wash out my beaker. Sure enough, there was a girl in the alley with her sword drawn. She was tall and muscular like a basketball player with stringy hair and jeans and combat boots and a denim jacket. She was hacking at a flock of black birds the size of ravens. Feathers stuck out of her clothes in several places. A cut was bleeding over her left eye. As I watched, one of the birds shot a feather like an arrow, and it lodged in her shoulder. She cursed and sliced at the bird, but it flew away. Unfortunately, I recognize the girl. It was Clarisse, my camp rival from demigod camp. Clarisse usually lived at Camp Half-Blood year-round, and the last I saw, was secretly dating the enemy-turned-ally demigod and recently claimed son of Hermes: Chris Rodriguez. I had no idea what she was doing on Upper East side in the middle of a school day, but she was obviously in trouble. She wouldn't last much longer. I didn't know if this was related to the Titan Lord or not, so I did the only thing I could. I turned to the table behind me where my only mortal friend Rachel Elizabeth Dare was watching the scene as well. She turned to me and mouth, 'Friend of yours' I shrugged and mouth 'Sort of'. Unlike most mortals, Rachel had the ability to see through the magical veil known as the Mist, as well as immune to all of it's effects. So it didn't surprise me that she waved me off to go ahead with whatever I was planning. Another good thing about having Rachel for a friend is that she can help cover me. "Mrs. White," I said, "can I go to the restroom? I feel like I'm going to puke." You know how teachers tell you the magic word is please ? Well, in this case the word puke works better. It will get you out of class faster than anything else. "Go!" Mrs. White said. I ran out the door, stripping off my safety goggles and gloves and lab apron. I quickly ran to my locker, opened it, took out my magical thermos, strapped it to my belt and manipulated the magical veil known as the Mist to fool any mortals watching into forgetting I was there as I took out my main best weapon—a ballpoint pen called Riptide. Thanks to my knowledge of how to Manipulated the Mist, nobody paid me much attention as I exited the gym. I got to the alley just in time to see Clarisse smack a demon bird with the flat of her sword like she was hitting a home run. The bird squawked and spiraled away, slamming against the brick wall and sliding into a trash can. That still left a dozen more swarming around her. "Clarisse!" I yelled. She glared at me in disbelief. "Percy? What are you doing—" She was cut short by a volley of feather arrows that zipped over her head and impaled themselves in the wall. "This is my school," I told her. "Just my luck," Clarisse grumbled, but she was too busy fighting to complain much. I uncapped my pen, which grew into a three-foot-long bronze sword, and hit the button on my wristwatch, which spiraled out into a large shield the carvings of some of my adventures, and joined the battle, slashing at the birds and fending off their feathers with my shield. We were both breathing hard. I had a few scratches, but nothing major. I pulled a feather arrow out of my arm. It hadn't gone in very deep. As long as it wasn't poison, I'd be okay. I took out a bottle of water from my jacket and poured it over my wound, which healed it quickly. Most demigods use nectar over their wounds, but being a son of Poseiodn: God of the sea, water work just as well for me. I then took out a baggie of ambrosia out of my jacket, where I always kept it for emergencies, and offered a piece to Clarisse. "I don't need your help," she muttered, but she took the ambrosia and swallowed a few bites. It wasn't long until all of her cuts and bruises disappeared. Clarisse sheathed her sword and brush off her denim jacket. "Well… see you." "Hold up!" I said. "What's going on? What are you doing away from camp? Why were those birds after you?" Clarisse tried to push me but I sidestepped and let her stumbled past me. "Come on," I said. "You just about got killed at my school, and there are two people in there other than myself that knows about what is really going on in this world. So that makes it my business." "It does not!" "Just tell me!" I responded. She took a shaky breath. She looked like she wanted to punch me out, but at the same time there was a desperate look in her eyes, like she was in serious trouble. "It's my brothers," she said. "They're playing a prank on me." "Oh," I said, not really surprise. Clarisse had lots of siblings at Camp Half-Blood. All of them picked on each other, which is expected from children of the war god, Ares. "Which brothers? Sherman? Mark?" "No," she said, sounding more afraid that I'd ever heard her. "My immortal brothers. Phobos and Deimos." All I can say after that was, "Dang!" … We sat on a bench at the park while Clarisse told me the story. I wasn't too worried about getting back to school. Mrs. White would just assume the nurse had sent me home, and sixth period was shop class. Mr. Bell never took attendance, and Rachel will cover me. Not to mention I didn't have a swim meet today, not that I wouldn't miss a meet to deal with anything Titan or Monster related stuff. "So let me get this straight," I said, "Ares has given you a chance to drive his chariot and bring it back by sunset, but your divine brothers: Phobos—god of fear, and Deimos god of terror, stole it from you." "Yes," Clarisse said. "Driving the war chariot is usually a ritual just for Ares sons when they turn fifteen. But after the Battle of the Labyrinth, my dad decided to let me be the first daughter older than fifteen to get a shot in a long time. But Phobos and Deimos hate me for it and they took it from me." "Because they're your dad's regular charioteers," I said. "So I take it those arrow throwing birds are your father's temple guards?" Although I was glad to hear that they didn't steal it for Kronos. Ever since it became official that Kronos was stirring, majority of Olympus' minor gods and goddesses that been disrespected have decided to join the Titan Lord. Even the ones that were born during the rise of the Roman Empire like Janus joined him. So to hear that the twin sons of Aphrodite and Ares whose domain involves the whole world's fear and terror didn't join the Titan Lord's side was actually rather calming. Clarisse nodded miserably. "Deimos and Phobos send them to chase me off. If I don't find the chariot…" She looked like she was about to lose it. I didn't blame her. I'd seen her dad, Ares, get mad before, and it was not a pretty sight. If Clarisse failed him, he would come down hard on her. Real hard. "I can help you get the chariot back," I said. She scowled. "Why would you? I'm not your friend." "No, but you're not my enemy either, and I trust you more than your father," I responded, "If I didn't, I wouldn't have asked you to take command over the dead soldiers Nico summoned." Clarisse shut up after that It was hard to argue against that logic. Last Summer during a carnage battle we had against the Titan Army, Nico summoned an army of undead soldiers that were on the losing sides of wars to help us save the camp, but it also weakened him to near death. So I had Clarisse take command over the dead soldiers to ease the burden, which might have helped saved Nico's life. Truth was I could have asked any one of Ares' kids to do that, but too be honest I have trust Clarisse more than I trust her father since she earned it two summers ago when she brought the Golden Fleece to Camp Half-Blood successfully in time to save Thalia's tree before it released Thalia from it. "Aw, look. I think she's been crying!" A teenage dude was leaning against the telephone pole. He was dressed in ratty jeans, a black T-shirt, and a leather jacket, with a bandana over his hair. A knife was in his belt. He had eyes the color of flames. "Phobos," Clarisse balled her fists. "Where's the chariot, you jerk." " You lost it," he teased. "Don't ask me." "You little—" Clarisse drew her sword and charged, but Phobos disappeared as she swung, her blade bit into the telephone pole. Phobos appeared on the bench next to me. He was laughing, but he stopped when I stuck Riptide's point against her throat. "You'd better returned that chariot," I told him, "before I get mad." He sneered and tried to look tough, or as tough as you can with a sword under your chin. Either way, he's definitely Ares' son to sneer like that. "I heard you got yourself a boyfriend, Clarisse. Is this him? Are you having him fight your battles now?" I fake a surprise look at the sound of finding out Clarisse had a boyfriend, even though I knew it for months now. It wasn't too hard since I been covering up the fact I knew about Clarisse and Chris Rodriguez since my last conversation with Dionysus. "He's not my boyfriend!" Clarisse tugged her sword, pulling it out of the telephone pole. "That's Percy Jackson" Something changed in Phobos' expression. He looked surprised, maybe nervous. "The son of Poseidon? The one who made Dad angry? Oh, this is too good, Clarisse. You're hanging out with a sworn enemy?" "I'm not hanging out with him!" Phobos' eyes glowed bright red. Clarisse screamed. She swatted the air as if she were being attacked by invisible bugs. "Please, no!" Clarisse backed up into the street, swinging her sword wildly. "Stop it" I told Phobos. I dug my sword a little deeper against his throat, but he simply vanished, reappearing back at the telephone pole. "Don't get so excited, Jackson," Phobos