Warning: Certain ancient Greek names matches words use of foul language but no foul language was intentionally used. Also if you haven't read them yet read 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Early Adventures' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Sea of Monsters' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Titan's Curse' and 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Magical Labyrinth' as well as the one shots 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Stolen Chariot' The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Sword of Hades', 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Bronze Dragon' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Last Olympian' and 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Staff of Hermes' before reading this story as stuff that happened in them will be mentioned. Lastly, any one who wants to do a Demigods and Olympian reads story using 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon' is allowed as long as you inform me about it. A/N: Sorry if this CHAPTER is too much like the Lost Hero book but in first person's POV, but give it time since the original characters from 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon' series haven't shown up yet. When the main characters from the main series shows up, it will start to shape up the changes. I don't own any Percy Jackson characters or the stories. The Tales of the Heroes of Olympus: The Lost Hero I. Jason's POV Even before I got electrocuted, I was having a rotten day. I woke in the backseat of a school bus, not sure where I was, holding hands with a girl I didn't know. That wasn't necessarily the rotten part. The girl was cute, but I couldn't figure out who she was or what I was doing here. I sat up and rubbed my eyes, trying to think. A few dozen kids sprawled in the seats in front of me, listening to iPods, talking, or sleeping. They all looked around my age… fifteen? Sixteen? Okay, that was scary. I didn't know my own age. The bus rumbled along a bumpy road. Out the windows, desert rolled by under the bright blue sky. I'm pretty sure I didn't live in the desert. I tried to think back… the last thing I remembered… The girl squeezed my hand. "Jason, you okay?" Jason. Is that my name? I guess it must be. Does the girl know me? Do I know her? Can't I remember? The girl wore faded jeans, hiking boots, and a fleece snowboarding jacket. Her chocolate brown hair was cut choppy and uneven, with thin strands braided down the sides. She wore no makeup like she was trying to draw attention to herself, but it didn't work. She was seriously pretty. Her eyes seemed to change color like a kaleidoscope—brown, blue, and green. Yet, I can't remember her and I had this strange feeling I don't even really know her. I let go of her hand. "Um, I don't—" In front of the bus, a teacher shouted, "All right, cupcakes, listen up!" The guy was obviously a coach. His baseball cap had pulled low over his hair, so you could just see his beady eyes. He had a wispy goatee and a sour face, like he'd eaten something moldy. His buff arms and chest pushed against a bright orange polo shirt. His nylon workout pants and Nikes were spotless white. A whistle hung from his neck, and a megaphone was clipped to his belt. He would've looked scary if he hadn't been five feet zero. When he stood up in the aisle, one of the students called, "Stand up, Coach Hedge!" "I heard that!" The coach scanned the bus for the offender. Then his eyes fixed on me, and his scowl deepened. A jolt went down my spine. I was sure the coach didn't think I belonged there, and to be honest, I'm starting to think the same thing even if I can't remember. What's worse, I was worried that the coach would call me out and demand what I was doing on the bus—and I wouldn't know what to say. But thankfully Coach Hedge looked away and cleared his throat. "We'll arrive in five minutes! Stay with your partner. Don't lose your worksheet. And if any of you precious little cupcakes any trouble on this trip, I will personally send you back to campus the hard way." He picked up a baseball bat and made like he was hitting a homer. I looked at the girl next to me. "Can he talk to us that way?" She shrugged. "Always does. This is the Wilderness School. 'Where kids are the animals.'" She said it like it was a joke we'd shared before. "This is some kind of mistake," I said. "I'm not supposed to be here." The boy in front of me turned and laughed. "Yeah, right, Jason. We've all been framed! I didn't run away six times. Piper didn't steal a BMW." Again the boy talked as if he knew me just like the girl—who from what I guess is named Piper—and again I don't remember him and yet don't think I even really know him. Piper blushed. "I didn't steal that car, Leo!" "Oh, I forgot, Piper. What was your story? 'You 'talked' the dealer into lending it to you?" The boy name Leo raised his eyebrows at me like, Can you believe her? Leo looked like a Latino Santa's elf, with curly black hair, pointy ears, a cheerful, babyish face, and a mischievous smile that told me right away this guy should not be trusted around matches or sharp objects. His long nimble fingers wouldn't stop moving—drumming the seat, sweeping his hair behind his ears, fiddling with the buttons of his army fatigue jacket. Either Leo was naturally hyper or he was hopped up on enough sugar and caffeine to give a heart attack to a water buffalo. "Anyway," Leo said, "I hope you've got your worksheet, 'cause I used mine for spit wads days ago. Why are you looking at me like that? Somebody draw on my face again?" "I don't you," I said. Leo gave me a crocodile grin. "Sure. I'm not your best friend. I'm his evil clone." "Leo Valdez!" Coach Hedge yelled from the front. "Problem back there?" Leo winked at me as if he was up to something. "Watch this." He turned to the front. "Sorry, Coach! I was having trouble hearing you. Could you use your megaphone, please?" Coach Hedge grunted like he was pleased to have an excuse. He unclipped the megaphone from his belt and continued giving directions, but his voice came out like Darth Vader's. The kids cracked up. The coach tried again, but this time the megaphone blared: "The cow says moo!" The kids howled, and the coach slammed down the megaphone. "Valdez!" Piper stifled a laugh. "My god, Leo. How did you do that?" Leo slipped a tiny Phillips screw driver from his sleeve. "I'm a special boy." Scratch that earlier about how he shouldn't be trusted with matches. Leo Valdez shouldn't be trusted with tools. "Guys, seriously," I pleaded. "What am I doing here? Where are we going?" Piper knit her eyebrows. "Jason, are you joking?" "No! I have no idea—" "Aw, yeah, he's joking," Leo said. "He's trying to get me back for that shaving cream on the Jell-O thing, aren't you?" I stared at him blankly. "No, I think he's serious." Piper tried to take my hand again, but I pulled it away. "I'm sorry," I said. "I don't—I can't—" "That's it!" Coach Hedge yelled from the front. "The back row has just volunteered to clean up after lunch!" The rest of the kids cheered. "There's a shocker," Leo muttered. I guess it wasn't the first time this happened. But Piper kept her eyes on me, like she couldn't decide whether to be hurt or worried. It made me feel bad that I couldn't remember her even if I'm not sure if I did know her. "Did you hit your head or something? You really don't know who we are?" I shrugged helplessly. "It's worse than that. I don't know who I am." … The bus dropped us off in front of a big red stucco complex like a museum, just sitting in the middle of nowhere. Maybe that's what it was: the National Museum of Nowhere, I thought. A cold wind blew across the desert. I hadn't paid much attention to what he was wearing, but it wasn't nearly warm enough: jeans and sneakers, a purple T-shirt, and a thin black windbreaker. "So, a crash course for the amnesiac," Leo said, in a helpful tone that made me think this was not going to be helpful. "We go to the 'Wilderness School'"—Leo made air quotes with his fingers. "Which means we're 'bad kids.' Your family, or the court, or whoever, decided you were too much trouble, so they shipped you off to this lovely prison—sorry, 'boarding school'—in Armpit, Nevada, where you learn valuable nature skills like running ten miles a day through the cacti and weaving daisies into hats! And for a special treat we go on 'educational' field trips with Coach Hedge, who keeps order with a baseball bat. Is it all coming back to you now?" "No," I glanced apprehensively at the other kids: maybe twenty guys, half that many girls. None of them looked like hardened criminals, but I wondered what they' all done to get sentence to a school for delinquents, and I wondered why I belonged with them, if I belong here at all. Leo rolled his eyes. "You're really gonna play this out, huh? Okay, so the three of us started here together this semester. We're totally tight. You do everything I say and give me your dessert and do my chores—" "Leo!" Piper snapped. "Fine. Ignore that last part. But we are friends. Well, Piper's a little more than your friend, the last few weeks—" "Leo, stop it!" Piper's face turned red. I could feel my face burning too. If I did belong here, I thought I would remember if I'd been going out with a girl like Piper. Then again, I can't remember anything right now. "He's got amnesia or something," Piper said. "We've got to tell somebody." Leo scoffed. "Who, Coach Hedge? He'd try to fix Jason by whacking him upside the head." The coach was at the front of the group, barking orders and blowing his whistle to keep the kids in line; but every so often he'd glanced at me and scowl. I'm starting to wonder if he would help me even if we asked. "Leo, Jason needs help," Piper insisted. "He's got a concussion or—" "Yo, Piper." One of the other guys dropped back to join us as the class was heading into the museum. The new guy wedged himself between Piper and me and knocked Leo down. "Don't talk to these bottom-feeders. You're my partner, remember?" The new guy had dark hair cut Superman style, a deep tan, and teeth so white they should've come with a warning label: do not stare directly at teeth. Permanent blindness may occur. He wore a Dallas Cowboys jersey, Western jeans and boots, and he smiled like he was God's gift to juvenile delinquent girls everywhere. I hated the guy instantly. "Go away, Dylan," Piper grumbled. "I didn't ask to work with you." "Ah, that's no way to be. This is your lucky day!" Dylan hooked his arm through hers and dragged her through the museum entrance. Piper shot one last look over her shoulder like, 911 . Leo got up and brushed himself off. "I hate that guy." He offered me his arm,