Warning: Certain ancient Greek names matches words use of foul language but no foul language was intentionally used. Also if you haven't read them yet read 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Early Adventures' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Sea of Monsters' 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Titan's Curse' and 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Magical Labyrinth' as well as the one shots 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Stolen Chariot' The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Sword of Hades', and The Tales of the Son of Poseidon & the Bronze Dragon' before reading this story as stuff that happened in them will be mentioned. Lastly, any one who wants to do a Demigods and Olympian reads story using 'The Tales of the Son of Poseidon' is allowed as long as you inform me about it. The Son of Poseidon & the Olympians: The Last Olympian I go Cruising with Explosives The end of the world started when Pegasus landed on the roof of my car. Up until then, I was having a great after noon. Technically I wasn't supposed to be driving because I wouldn't turn sixteen for another week, but my mom and my stepdad, Paul, took my friend and me to this private stretch of beach on the South Shore, and Paul let us borrow his Prius for a short spin. Now, I know what else you're thinking, Wow, that was really irresponsible of my stepdad, blah, blah, blah, but Paul knows me pretty well that the only way for his car to get destroyed with me behind the wheel is if a monster attacks me. Anyway, Rachel and I were driving along. And no this is not a date, no matter what my mom says. Yes Rachel and I grew close, but I'm still rather confused about my feelings about my childhood friend Annabeth as well and Rachel understands that. Anyways, it was a hot August day. Rachel's red hair was pulled back in a ponytail and she wore a white blouse over her swimsuit. Normally she usually ratty T-shirt and paint-splattered jeans. Usually I'm at Camp training or preparing for a dangerous mission that will hopefully get us closer to winning the Second Titan War against Kronos. But since I'm reaching my sixteenth birthday, my teacher for almost nine years: Chiron is letting me spend time with my family and mortal friends (or rather friend since Rachel is my only mortal friend), promising to send someone to pick me up when they need me. I think it's Chiron's way of making sure I'm well relaxed and happy before I finally face my destiny where the fate of Olympus weighs down on me and my decision to either to save or destroy it that may or may not make me one of the seven greatest heroes of my generation, possibly ever known on the day I turn sixteen. "Oh, pull up right there!" Rachel told me. We parked on a ridge overlooking the Atlantic. The sea is always one of my favorite places, but today it was especially nice—glittery green and smooth as glass, like my dad was keeping it calm just for us. My dad, by the way, is Poseidon. He can do stuff like that. He probably helping me have a good time while I can as well. "So." Rachel smiled at me. "About that invitation." "Oh… right." I tried to sound excited. I mean, she'd asked me to her family's vacation house on St. Thomas for three days. I didn't get a lot of offers like that. My family's idea of a fancy vacation was a weekend in a rundown cabin on Long Island with some movie rentals and a couple of frozen pizzas, and here Rachel's folks were willing to let me tag along to the Caribbean. Besides, I seriously needed a vacation. This summer had been the hardest of my life with the war going on—probably why Chiron recommended this time off before I turn sixteen. The idea of taking a break even for a few days was really tempting. Still, something big was supposed to go down any day now, and no matter what, I'm always keeping my eye out for the sign. "Percy," she said, "I know the timing is bad. But it's always bad for you, right?" She had a point. "I really want to go," I promised, "It's just—" "The war." I nodded. Unlike most mortals Rachel had the ability to see though the Mist—the magical veil that distorts human visions and she knew about the war. Heck, she had to cover for me twice during our freshmen year at Goode High School because I either had to rush out of school to help a friend, and a goddess send my pet Hellhound Mrs. O'Leary to pick me up during winter exams get me. Rachel put her hand on my arm. Just think about it, okay? We don't leave for a couple of days. My dad…" Her voice faltered. "Is he giving you a hard time?" I asked. Rachel shook her head in disgust. "He's trying to be nice to me, which is worse. He wants me to go to Clarion Ladies Academy in the fall." "The school where your mom went?" "It's a stupid finishing school for society girls, all the way in New Hampshire. Can you see me in finishing school. Honestly I don't. Rachel was into urban art projects, going to protest rallies to "Save the Endanger Yellow-bellied Sapsucker" and feeding the homeless and, ever since finding out about my brother Tyson's past before my mom adopted him, helping the young Cyclopes as long as they don't eat her, not that she won't give them a chance. Anyways, I'd never even seen Rachel wear a dress. It was hard to imagine her learning to be a socialite. But I understand about family problems—well sort of. My friend Annabeth use to have family trouble with her father, stepmom, and mortal half-brothers. She even ran away from home at age seven. In fact, I find it weird that Annabeth doesn't try and get along with Rachel considering they have much in common. Rachel sighed. "He thinks if he does a bunch of nice stuff for me, I feel guilty and give in." "Which is why he agreed to let me come with you guys on vacation?" "Yes… but Percy, you'd be doing me a huge favor. It would be so much better if you were with us. Besides, there's something I want to talk—" "Something you want to talk about?" I asked. "You mean… so serious we'd have to go to St. Thomas to talk about it?" She pursed her lips. "Look, just forget it for now. Let's pretend we're a couple of normal people. We're out for a drive, and we're watching the ocean, and it's nice to be together." I could tell something was bothering her, but she put on a brave smile. The sunlight made her hair look like fire. Too be honest with the stress of the war, I sometimes Iris-Message Rachel about meeting up and either ride on my Pegasus or on my gigantic Hellhound to meet up with her just to get a break, so I guess I owe Rachel at least time to be normal people, even if it's for a moment. "Okay," I said. "Just a normal afternoon and two normal people." However it didn't last long as a huge black form swooping down from the sky and landed on the hood of the Prius with four hooves and a WUMP-WUMP-CRUNCH! Hey, boss, a voice said in my head. Nice car! Blackjack the Pegasus was an old friend of mine, so I tried not to get too annoyed by the craters he just put in the hood. Good thing my stepdad Paul knows about the truth. "Blackjack," I sighed. "What are you—" Then I saw who was riding on his back, and I knew my day was about to get a lot more complicated. "Sup, Percy." Charles Beckendorf, senior counselor for Hephaestus cabin, would make most monsters cry for their mommies. He was this huge African American guy with ripped muscles from working in the forges every summer. He was two years older than me, and one of the camp's best armorsmiths. I knew Beckendorf since I was a kid and it still never seize to amaze me what he could make. He been helping with Annabeth with making some of Daedalus' inventions since last year, including a celestial bronze hellhound whistle for me to use to call Mrs. O'Leary even when I'm not in camp. Not to mention a month before, he rigged a Greek firebomb in the bathroom of a tour bus that was carrying a bunch of monsters across country. The explosion took out a whole legion of Kronos' evil meanies as soon as the first harpy went flush . His latest side project been repairing an Automaton Dragon we found during a game of capture the flag with the help of Annabeth and Silena to help us in the war. Beckendorf was dressed for combat. He wore a breastplate and war helm with black camo pants and a sword strapped to his side. His explosives bag was slung over his shoulder. "Time?" I asked. He nodded grimly. Rachel looked up at Beckendorf. "Hi." "Oh, hey. I'm Beckendorf. You must be Rachel. Percy told me… uh, I mean he mentioned you." A lot ," Blackjack said. "You're not helping Blackjack," I said. Sorry, boss. Rachel raised an eyebrow. I told her I could speak to horses Pegasus and any horse-hybrid creature but I guess it still take time getting use too, "So I guess you guys have to go save the world now." "Pretty much," Beckendorf agreed. I looked at Rachel. "Would you tell my mom—" "I'll tell her. I'm sure she's used to it. And I'll explain to Paul about the hood. I nodded my thanks. "Good luck." Rachel kissed me before I could react. "Now, get going, half-blood. Go kill some monsters for me." My last view of her was sitting in the shotgun seat of the Prius, her arms crossed, watching as Blackjack circled higher and higher, carrying Beckendorf and me into the sky. I wondered what Rachel wanted to talk to me about. "So," Beckendorf said, "I'm guessing you don't want me to mention that little scene to Annabeth. "Please don't," I said, "She'll kill me before Kronos get the chance if she finds out." Beckendorf chuckled as we soared out over the Atlantic. Honestly, between Rachel and Annabeth, I don't think I'll ever get my emotions figured out. It was almost dark by time we spotted our target. The Princess Andromeda glowed on the horizon—a huge cruise ship lit up yellow and white. From a distance, you'd think it was just a party ship, not the headquarters for the Titan lord. Then as you got closer, you might notice the giant masthead—a dark-haired maiden in a Greek chiton, wrapped in chains with a look of horror on her face, as if she could smell the stench of all the monsters she was being forced to carry. Seeing the ship against twisted my gut to knots. I'd faced death twice on the Princess Andromeda . Now it was heading straight to New York because the remedial sea gods are preventing my dad from destroying it. "You know what to do?" Beckendorf yelled over the wind. I nodded. We'd done dry runs at the dockyard in New Jersey, using abandon ships as our targets. I knew how little time we would have. But I also knew this was our best chance to end Kronos' invasion on Mount Olympus before it ever started.