This Fan-Fiction story is based on the movie Twilight. I give Stephanie Meyers, the creator of Twilight, Credit all of the characters in this story excluding Hayden. Thank you. Author's quick note: I love feedback and I will be constantly updating. Thank you. Hayden's POV: I walked into my new flat and put down the few bags I had decided to bring. Moving with a light load was always easier and I found I could always replace materialistic items, so it wasn't a big deal. I walked around my flat and liked the set up. I had called a private designer and she furnished and took care of all the home looks. The only problem I have right now is I haven't hunted in four days, so I'll have to go after school. When it was all put away along with my other belongings I turned the TV on and hooked up my Xbox One. I organized my games and took out Black Ops Zombies. I began to play on Campaign and when I looked at the time it was already five in the morning. I turned off my game and went to the bathroom to take a shower getting ready for my first day at Forks High School. I was starting out as a sophomore in high school. When I was out of the shower I dried off and put on a pair of black skinny jeans, white Volcum tee shirt with a dark grey pocket, and my red Nike high tops. I did my hair in a perfect quiff and brushed my teeth. I noticed my eyes were getting a darker shade of blue because I haven't hunted yet and it's been three days, so I put on my black nerdy looking glasses to finish my outfit off. I grabbed by black backpack that had my school supplies and went to my car locking my flat behind me. I got in my car and started to drive. When my school was in sight I slowed down and turned into the parking lot. When I parked my car I grabbed my bag and got out. Just as I locked my car I looked to my right and saw a group of teenagers staring at me. I know I'm the new kid and all, but they were seriously STARING me down. I ignored them and walked toward the school to the front office to pick up my schedule. I opened the office door and the lady at the front desk looked up at the sound of the door opening. "How may I help you?" She asked me sounding unenthusiastic. "Hello, My names Hayden Romani and I came to pick up my schedule." I told her with a small smile. "Here you go. Enjoy your day." She told me and frowned. After that awkward lady in the front office I took my schedule and went to find my locker. When I found it I put my backpack inside and took out a notebook and pen. I then closed my locker and headed to my first period which was Chemistry. When I got into class I saw two of the guys from that group staring at me on my way in sitting in the back of the room. I gave the teacher my pass into class and he told me to sit by some guy named Emmett. I saw a boy raise his hand and I guess that his name was Emmett. He was one of the guys from the parking lot. Great. I went to the back and sat down in my new seat. The class started and I felt Emmett staring at me the whole time. "Why are you staring?" I asked him annoyed by quietly. "What are you?" He asked me sounding confused. "My names Hayden it was nice to meet you." I told him. The bell rang and I left my seat not answering his question. I sensed it earlier how they were vampires, but why were they so curious about me? I haven't done anything and they don't own this place saying who can come and go. When school was over I went to the parking lot and unlocked my car. I got in and stared to drive down a road when a Volvo started to ride my ass. "What is he doing?" I muttered to myself and put my blinker on about to turn into the left lane when the Volvo rammed into the back of my car. I pulled my car over to the side and looked in my rear view mirror. A boy from the vampires group came out of the Volvo and started walking to my car. I took a deep breath and got out of my car. I looked at my cars damage and saw a tail light was shattered along with a huge dent and scratches. "I'm so sorry. I wasn't watching where I was driving. Are you okay?" He asked me. "I'm fine. I really have to go. Don't worry about the damages on my car. I'll get it fixed." I told him. "You can't drive with a broken tail light. It's against the law." He told me. "I'm going to call my sister to pick up your car and I will drive you to my house. My sister Rosalie fixes cars for fun and your car won't take her long to fix. It's the least I can do. I'm not taking no for an answer, so please don't start arguing with me and get in." The guy told me. I opened my trunk and grabbed my back pack. I was now pissed off, annoyed, and hungry as hell. I sighed again and got into the guys car. "My names Edward Cullen. Your names Hayden. You have class with my brothers Emmett and Jasper." He told me starting his car. I nodded. He started to drive down the road and I saw my car being picked up by a big Jeep. "You just moved to Forks right?" Edward asked me. I nodded. "Who'd you move with?" He asked me. "I came alone." I told him. "Where are your parents?" He asked me. "Dead." I told him looking out the window. "Oh, I'm sorry if I intruded." He told me. By the time he said that he pulled in front of a big house that was three stories and I saw the Jeep pull into a Garage on the side and the doors to the Garage closed with my car inside. Edward got out and I followed. He opened the front door and walked up a flight of stairs where four other vampires were waiting. "I'm Carlisle Cullen and this is my wife Esme, son Jasper, and daughter Alice. You've already met Edward obviously and Emmett my other son is with my other daughter Rosalie in the garage. Welcome to Forks." Carlisle told me and came to shake my hand and I kept them in my pockets and he walked back to where his wife was. "While Emmett and Rosalie are fixing your car we wish to talk with you about certain matters." Carlisle said taking a seat. "You know we are vampires, but what are you? What are your reasons for coming to Forks?" Carlisle asked me. "I came for the weather, what I am, who I am, and what I do is my business. I'm sorry if that offends you, but your son did just wreck my car and I don't feel like talking right now." I told him. "I have the right to know what you are and what your feeding source is. If you choose to be difficult I will send note to the Volturi that we have a new breed that could pose a threat because we know nothing of their intentions." Carlisle told me. "Go ahead. Tell the Volturi about me. All their going to do is lock me up, use me as a weapon against people, and torture me again. I actually hope you note them because hopefully this time I might just get lucky enough for them to kill me." I told him angry. "I'm so sorry. I didn't know. We won't note the Volturi. Please answer our questions." Carlisle told me. "Carlisle…" Esme tried to say, but Carlisle gave her a look. "Please sit then." Esme told me gently. I sat down on a stool and started to talk. "I was born to two vampires. Abandoned as a baby because they thought I was dead. I grew up in London with a human family that adopted me. My gifts are healing, telekinesis, and electric manipulation. I was born with blue eyes and they have stayed blue my entire life. They get dark when I get thirsty and flash neon when I use my electric manipulation. I was of age ten when the Volturi noticed me and took me against my will. They locked me in a cell with one family member at a time until I couldn't control my thirst and killed them off one by one. I was released three years later and came to America. The Volturi said they would not come for me and I haven't seen them since. I tried to stay quiet with my whereabouts, but a Clan of Ravenous Vampires kid-knapped me and locked me up in their basement. They fed me every two weeks and when it was feeding time they threw a human in my cell and as much as I tried resisting every time I ended up killing them. They got bored of me eventually after two years and left my cell open one day and I walked out. I ran as far as I could from there and tried restarting in Florida. I lived there for a solid two years. I support myself off the money I got from the savings my adoptive parents had for me. I then moved here." I told them and looked for their reactions. "It's all true." Edward said and I looked at him confused. "I read minds, Alice can see the future, and Jasper is an empath." Edward told me. "Oh." I said and nodded. "Your only seventeen then. You're so young." Esme told me covering her mouth sad. "Carlisle we finished fixing the car." Emmett said coming into the room. "Thank you Emmett, Rosalie." Carlisle told Emmett and the girl Rosalie. They nodded back to him and I stood up from the stool. "May I leave now?" I asked Carlisle. "Carlisle we should adopt him. He could live with us." Esme told Carlisle. "Are you sure?" Carlisle asked Esme. "Yes." Esme told Carlisle. "It's your choice Hayden. We do however only drink animal blood, so if you moved with us you would have to change your diet. But, all of us would help you with that transition. Would you like to be a part of our coven?" Carlisle asked me. "Would that impose?" I asked them. "Not at all. I wouldn't have offered you to join our coven if I thought you would impose." Carlisle told me. "Then yeah, I'll join your coven." I told them. "AWESOME!" Emmett boomed really loud and I jumped from being surprised. Esme chucked at Emmett and told him to calm down. "Esme, Rosalie, Jasper and Alice will go move your things here and set it up. Just so we know where to start with switching your diet we need to test your control." Carlisle told me. The girls left along with Jasper and there was only Carlisle, Edward, and Emmett in the room along with me. "When did you hunt last?" Carlisle asked me. "A couple days ago, but I need to hunt tonight if I'm going to be around humans at all. That's what I was going to do after I left here." I told him putting my hands in my pockets. "I have some bagged human blood in a freezer down in the basement for emergencies. I'll