I'm re-posting this fic after having removed it during my hiatus. The rest of the chapters I've written thus far will be posted shortly. If you followed my FSOG stories, they're all on wordpress. Simply go to wrenegadewriter dot wordpress dot com and you'll find them. At this time, i don't have plans to post my FSOG fics back on here. Also, for those of you that are reading, "She is Entirely Other," I used the same idea for that story as for this one, only it's tweaked a bit. So you may notice some similarities. It all came from a novel that I wrote where I got inspiration from the TV Show Kyle XY, so if you watched that show, you'll see some familiar things, as well. The usual disclaimer applies. SM is the stage, I am merely a player Enjoy! Chapter 1 Edward PoV The birthday party was the last straw. For hours I went through the what-ifs. What if Alice had listened when Bella was adamant about not wanting a party? What if she had opened a different gift instead of the one from my parents? Would she have still cut herself? What if I had simply stepped in front of her instead of pushing her backwards and into a pile of glass plates? Why were there glass plates anyway? It wasn't like we needed more than one plate. How could I have done anything differently to prevent this outcome? There was nothing, because it was inevitable. Whether it happened when it did or in a few weeks or months, it was bound to happen. I always knew there would be something that was unforgettable, something that would drive a wedge between us and send us beyond the point of no return. At first, I thought it would be Bella's insistence on becoming immortal and my refusal to let it happen. Or we would get to an age where she looked more like my mother than my wife and she'd leave me. But no, it was a simple paper-cut that ended my life. After luring her to the woods and telling her the worst lies I could think of, I kissed her forehead, bade her farewell and ran away from her as fast as my inhuman legs would carry me. Each step was utter agony, but I knew I was making the right decision. After a few moments, I could hear her calling out to me, demanding that I return. Even if she saw through my lies, I couldn't go back. I'd promised her I'd never see her again, and I'd be damned all over again if I didn't keep that promise. The family had already moved on, most of us splitting apart. Emmett and Rosalie decided to visit the Denali clan in Alaska. Alice and Jasper went off to Australia to spend some time hunting in the Outback. Apparently kangaroos are fun, according to Jasper. I wasn't sure I would ever know what "fun" felt like ever again. Carlisle and Esme wanted to stay behind and wait for me. But as I had no idea of what my destination would be, I told them to go on ahead without me. They went to Ithaca where Esme would be teaching interior design and Carlisle both a practicing doctor and a professor at the university. Everyone had their distractions. All I had was several months of wonderful memories with the girl that made my world turn. I mourned her loss as if she were truly dead. Though I knew that when the day came that she did die, I would not be far behind her. Sure it's macabre, and makes me sound melodramatic, but I knew the moment that I looked into her chocolate depths, that there would never be another for me. But the fates decided they hated me as they had to curse me with being a vampire, when all I wanted was to be human for her. Give her the life she deserved. The birthday party merely solidified the idea that I had no business being part of her life. She was simply human though, and as wonderful as it was, it was a detriment to our relationship. Had she somehow already been a vampire when we met, I wouldn't have thought twice about claiming her as my mate. But the fates had left her human and left me with such morality that I couldn't fathom changing her, even though she told me many times that she wanted me forever. I just couldn't believe that she'd choose this life over a real one. One where she could grow old, have children, grand children, living a full loving life with the species she is supposed to be. I was holding her back and it had to end. I reached a small broken down cabin on the outskirts of Portland, Oregon when I heard my cell phone go off. I glanced at it, seeing Alice's name. She was probably just calling to tell me she'd arrived safely in Australia and that Jasper hadn't eaten any of the passengers on the plane. He hadn't done that in decades, but given his recent lapse in control, I wouldn't have been surprised if he did. Not that I could blame Jasper for what happened. He was feeling not only his own thirst, but everyone else's too, including mine. And we all knew what Bella's blood did to me. I ignored the call, and wandered inside the cabin. It was in bad need of repairs. Hell, it should probably just have been torn down and built anew. But it would suffice as a perfect hovel to mourn in. I lay down in the center of the room, closing my eyes and let the memory of each day since I met Bella pass through my mind. With my perfect recall, I'd be able to remember every moment for the rest of my existence, and I was determined to never live a day without seeing her face in my mind. The next day, my phone rang again, and again, and again. Usually Alice stops calling after the fourth attempt, but she was relentless. Seventeen missed calls later, I decided it might actually be something that concerned me, so I answered it. "Seventeen? Seriously Edward?! Were you going for a record or something?" Alice asked as I answered. "What do you want Alice?" I replied, ignoring her antics. "It's Bella. She's—" "Dammit Alice!" I cut her off. "I told you not to look! Why are you already torturing me with this?" "I didn't look, Edward. It just happened. You know I can't always control what I see. Bella's in danger, Edward. When you—" "Well her dangers are her own to face now," I replied, interrupting her again. I didn't want to hear about any of this. All it would do is make me want to run back to her arms, and I couldn't have that. "Removing myself from her presence means that whatever befalls her is not due to me or my kind." "Oh for God's sake, would you let me finish? It's Victoria!" I froze. "Bella went chasing after your stupid ass, and fell. She rolled down a hill for a long time before landing at the bottom, broken arm, legs, ribs and a lot of cuts and bruises. Victoria found her and ran away with her. They're in South America, Edward! Victoria is going to kill her. A mate for a mate, she'll tell Bella." I heard Alice's words, but I wasn't listening. The moment she said Victoria was behind it, I lost all rational thought. It took me a moment to analyze Alice's words into phrases that made sense. Bella was hurt, she was with that crazy redhead, and they were in South America. I ended the call and began running. Alice told me they were somewhere in the Amazon, near an old well, but that was all the more she could give me. I ran and ran and ran. Once I came upon the ocean I dove deep, swimming until I reached the coast of Peru. I thanked Alice silently for ensuring I purchased a waterproof case for my phone, and dialed her number. "I can't see anything Edward, I don't know what that means," she said as she answered. "I don't think Bella's dead; it doesn't feel like that, it feels like something is blocking me from seeing her. Please, Edward, you have to find her! Victoria was in Cuzco briefly a couple hours ago. Maybe you can pick up her scent there." I hung up without responding and made my way to Cuzco. Sure enough, I found Victoria's scent and a human victim inside a church. And if I had to venture a guess, I'd say she had sex with this man before she drained him. She truly was deranged. Who sleeps with a priest inside the church, tears off their unmentionables and then kills them? I followed her scent, rather easily through the city and into the jungle. The stronger her scent became, the closer I knew I was. I reached the clearing that Alice had described, but neither Victoria nor Bella where anywhere in site. "I'm too late," I cried as I fell to my knees. Bella PoV I could tell something was off with Edward ever since my birthday party. I tried to play it off as nothing, because to me it truly was. When I entered into their life, I always prepared for the possibility that my being a clumsy human was going to come back and bite me in the arse. Nearly literally, though I doubted Jasper would have actually bit my backside. Edward was in my driveway when I arrived home, but his car was in Charlie's spot, which meant he wasn't staying. This bothered me to no end. Then he lured me away from the house and into the woods. He knew how clumsy I was, any tree-root or bump in the ground could easily spell death for me. What was he doing? Then the words that negated all the others and the ones that tore out my heart. "Goodbye Bella," he whispered, and as I closed my eyes, I felt the wind of his departure across my face. Stunned and wounded by his words, I stood there, frozen for an immeasurable moment. Wait just a minute. Doesn't want me? Doesn't want me? Doesn't want me? Doesn't love me? Bull shit. I'm calling shenanigans. "Edward!" I yelled at the top of my lungs. "Get your sparkly ass back here! I have words for you. Edward!" I searched around for any sign of him, but if he was there, he was very good at concealing himself. "Damn stubborn glorious vampire," I muttered to myself as I took off in search of him. I chased in the direction he turned after kissing my forehead. There was no trace of him. Not that I was an expert tracker or anything, but there was not a broken branch or a torn leaf to be found. He was gone. He left me in the woods to rot under a lie that he didn't want me anymore. He may have been chaste all the time with his affection, but I could see the desire in his eyes, the carnal beast that was waiting to be unleashed to ravish my body in ways I'd never even dreamt about. He'd told me he loved me countless times. Hell, he practically worshipped the ground I walked on. For some unfathomable reason, he'd picked me. I ran and ran after him, hoping to catch up, but knowing that I didn't stand a chance. He was too fast, even for a vampire, he was too fast. I was sure he had to be miles away by now. I kept looking up to see if maybe he didn't leave, but was just watching me from high up in the trees. I never saw