Preface: When Edward returns in New Moon , it's not because he thought Bella killed herself. It's the inevitability that's hinted at in the end of New Moon . He would have come back anyway. He does, but Bella is not quick to take him back. At this point she has moved on with Jacob. She's found happiness and doesn't want to go back to the same unequal relationship she had with Edward. But rather than wallowing in devastation and self pity, Bella doesn't want to allow this. She sends a letter to Edward, who has left once again to curl up in his misery and sadness. Alice provided Bella with his address, knowing that the letter would work, and she penned the following letter to him: Dear Edward, I know you're probably wallowing in self doubt and hatred right now. Stop it! I spent enough time mourning the death of our relationship for the both of us, there's no need for you to do it now too. You and I were never meant to be, Edward. If we were, you never would have left, and I would have fought harder to make you stay if you did try to leave. You can preach to me all you want that you left for my own good or to keep me safe, but you know that's not entirely true. You left because you were afraid. Afraid of the unknown. Afraid of what I might think down the road when it 'finally hit me' that you're a vampire and I have no business being in love with you. I know you'll find happiness somewhere. I know you were never truly happy with me. You may have thought you were, but you were constantly terrified of hurting me, or losing me to my inevitable human death, or to me 'coming to my senses.' That's not a healthy relationship. You have to trust me on this, Edward. I know I'm 'only a human' but I've learned a thing or two about love since you left. What you and I had was not love. It was an infatuation. Me with the unknown, and you with the forbidden. Don't pretend to think I'm wrong, when you know I'm right. I can promise that you'll find her some day Edward. I know you will. You just need to trust and believe me, and yourself. All the best, Bella Chapter 1. And now for something completely different: "Let's get settled down here. I know you're all excited to be back in school," Mr. Branson, this year's version of a calculus teacher states sarcastically. Each student in the room groans in turn. Another high school. I thought 40 years of not repeating this mundane act would be enough time to prepare for it again. But has time goes by, high school remains the same. The exciting part of school this first day is that the school will be welcoming two new students to its body. A pair of twin siblings just moved here from Olympia. At least they're from our neck of the woods. Perhaps I can talk Washington with them. Maybe they know of Forks. Maybe their parents were friends with Bella. No! No, no, no! I cannot think of her. She promised I'd find my love and happiness one day. I simply have to believe that. In walk the two new students in question. I hadn't seen their faces in anyone's thoughts yet. This is the first room they've entered today apparently. When I look up, I feel as though I have been punched in the chest by Emmett. Bella. She looks exactly like her. Almost. Her long, beautiful hair is a few shades darker, nearly black, and her skin is a light bronzy copper color. But the eyes are unmistakably hers. No one else on earth has eyes like that except for Bella and now this unknown girl. Her face is the same heart shape with strong cheek bones, and her lips are the same shape but slightly fuller than Bella's. Perfectly pouted, and perfectly kissable. "Ah yes. Mister and Miss Bentley, right?" Mr. Branson greets them once they hand him their schedules. "Arbie, if you please," the girl says before Mr. Branson can see her first name. "Barbie you said?" Mr. Branson replies. I roll my eyes at his horrid hearing. She stifles a sigh. "No. Arbie … like my initials," she indicates showing her initials on his list. "A-R-B, Arbie as a nickname." Mr. Branson marks in the notes, so he knows not to call her by whatever her real name is. It's obvious in her tone that she clearly prefers to be called Arbie. Next is her brother, who is very obviously her twin. Of course male and female twins cannot be identical, but two fraternal twins have never looked more alike than these two. He too has long dark hair that he has pulled back in a pony tail at the nape of his neck. His look is decidedly Native American. I wonder if they are both of native descent. He is a few inches taller than her, though she towers over the five foot seven teacher, making her at least five foot eleven if not six feet tall. Another thing she does not have in common with Bella. She was not known for her height. Also, this Arbie appears to be quite athletic. The muscles in her upper arms and her gait give away clues that she's a runner and possibly a soccer or rugby player. "And I'm Jeb," the boy chimes in. "Same as her… the initials," he clarifies pointing at his name on the list. Through Mr. Branson's thoughts, I can see that the names on the list are listed as merely "A.R. Bentley" and "J.E. Bentley." Apparently neither of these siblings use their given names. How strange. I try listen to their thoughts if there's any indication of what their given names are. Complete silence. Bella. Just like Bella. Not a peep is heard from either of their minds. As I look around me, the other students are just now starting to notice the new comers. Flash judgments can be heard in the minds all around me. Wow he's hot. Wow she's a babe. Wonder what they're like? Literally everyone in the room is suddenly as fixated on these two people as they were last year when my family started in this school. Just like Bella. She was the greatest thing since sliced bread when she started in Forks High School. Suddenly I know this bout through school is not going to be dull at all. I feel as though my life has just gotten much more interesting at this very moment. I look around me and notice that the only two empty seats are next to me and behind me. I hope silently that Arbie chooses the seat next to mine. That would make it easier for me to interact with her than if she was behind me. Edward! Alice thinks from other side of the room. Your entire future just disappeared. What is going on? I meet her gaze then flicker my eyes to the two new students who are now on their way to the respective empty seats around me. They're the cause of this? How? She asks. I shrug my shoulders slightly, indicating I have no idea. Arbie is walking gracefully down the aisle to the seat next to mine. Her brother Jeb is in the next aisle over about to sit behind me. I'm trying not to pay them much attention, they do not need to know of my sudden infatuation with their silent minds as of yet. I take in a small breath, to ascertain their scents. Maybe they are as potent as Bella. God help me if that is the case. Strangely, they do not have scents. I cannot smell them at all. Their heartbeats are loud and clear, but their scents are completely absent. Even vampires have distinct scents, but these two… none whatsoever. How strange. I feel as though my senses are playing tricks on me. Bella smelled more potent to me than any other human in my existence, and yet these two, who are seemingly so like her in appearance, are so different as well. "Okay class. Many of you know the drill. It's get to know your partner day today. I have passed around the surveys; they should all be on your desks. Take a moment and fill out your questions, then compare them with your partner. Row one," he addresses my row, "you are paired with whoever is sitting directly to your right. You've all already taken your seats, there will be no switching," he adds as he notices a few people trying to switch seats so they can partner with their friends. "I'm Edward Cullen," I say, extending my hand to greet Arbie. "Arbie Bentley," she replies, smiling back, taking my hand and shaking it firmly. She seems stronger than she looks; I almost feel my skin give as she grips my hand. A grip that would surely be painful for any human. She doesn't flinch at the temperature or hardness of my skin. Instead, so like Bella, there's an electric current flowing between us. I can almost hear it humming. She does seem to notice that, and pulls her hand away, flexing her fingers trying to figure out the strange sensation. "Would you like to just answer these together rather than splitting to answer them alone?" she suggests. I grin and nod in response. It seems the rest of the class is doing something similar, or just chatting and ignoring the assignment all together. "Question one," I begin. "What is your birthday?" "October 31," she replies. "Halloween obviously. Yours?" "July 27th," I reply, giving her the date I woke up from my transformation. That's the date we all use for birthdays anyway. "Your brother is your twin, yes?" I ask as a follow up question. "Yep!" she replies, "and before you ask your next question, we don't know who the older one is." "Alright, hand over the ESP Pills, and no one gets hurt," I joke, pretending to search around her for a bottle of pills. She giggles out loud, but the rest of the class is engrossed in chatter and doesn't notice us laughing. I feel a strange sensation in the pit where my dead heart lies motionless. Is this happiness again? Once she's done laughing she proceeds to the next question. "Question two: do you have any siblings? Well we already know I have a twin brother. He's the only sibling I have. Do you have any?" "Yes, I have two sisters, one of which is over there, now waving at you," I reply, glaring slightly at Alice. "Her name's Alice," I add as Arbie waves back and smiles. "And I have an older sister Rosalie, who also has a twin brother, Jasper. And then my eldest brother Emmett. They're all in a grade above us." Her eyes grow wide with shock. A flicker of emotion I don't recognize flashes across her face, as she swallows loudly. Does she know what I am? Her gaze flickers to her brother who seems all but oblivious to everyone except the girl he's working with. One of the Sharpe twins. I didn't care to remember which one. "Wow, that's a lot of kids so close together in age," she replies, ignoring the expression on her face, and before I can ask her why she freaked out. "Do you all have the same parents?" "Ah no. We're all adopted actually," I start, overly familiar with the public story we'd all given thousands of times. Her face seems to relax slightly. "Esme, our mother was unable to have children, so she and our father Carlisle took us all in as foster children, years ago, and then adopted us." "Oh wow. We have something in common then," she