I'm re-posting my Twilight stories. I had taken them down for personal reasons, but have been convinced to put them back up. This story is complete, so I'll post the chapters as quickly as ze interwebz will allow. Enjoy! Chapter 1 Knock, knock, knock. Like clockwork, every Thursday 8pm just as the sun disappears behind the house, they arrive. It's been this way for the better part of five years now, ever since they learned about my extra abilities. They can stay in the same area and not have to worry about affecting the population and bringing the Volturi down on them. And if alert the Volturi, then I'll bring them on myself, and that is the absolute last thing I want. My only choice is to live this existence, letting them take from me on a weekly basis, and trying to live a normal life on the days in between. I walk over to the door to greet them. Their leader, Travis, smiles wryly at me as he enters the foyer. "Greetings Opal," he says with fake warmth. "How are you this fine evening?" "Fine, thank you," I reply curtly. Why does he always insist on this charade of manners and chivalry? "Come in, everyone." They all file in behind him, creating a poor rendition of a conga line. More like the line at the cafeteria and I'm the meal on special. I stifle a sigh at taking in their ravenous faces. One would think they'd tire of the taste of my blood, but that doesn't seem to happen. I take my seat on the recliner at the other end of the room, extending the foot rest and placing my hands, wrists up on either arm rest. I've learned this is the easiest position for me to sit in while they feed. All of them can latch on to me at the same time, rather than taking turns, prolonging the hell. As I lay myself out in the recliner, they all take their stances at the pre-assigned spots. Travis always gets what he calls the "sweet spot" right where my neck meets my shoulder. His mate Aneisha on the other side, with her sister Janeisha at my elbow. They're twin sisters, why anyone would name their twin children so similarly is beyond me. Janeisha's flavor of the month is at my other elbow; I never bothered to learn his name. She'll likely destroy him in a day or two; I can already tell he's beginning to annoy her. Travis' best friends Mark and Jason take my wrists while their mates Cameron and Addison are at my ankles. Each at a major artery. My only stipulation in this arrangement is that none of them venture anywhere near my femoral artery. Much too intimate for such an event. I tried to get them to leave my neck alone, but then they came with the threats to drag me to Italy and hand me over to the Volturi. That is an existence that I never ever want to endure. Anything I've been through thus far would have been a cake walk compared to what I've heard the Volturi does to Silverbloods. Once they're all in position, Travis takes the lead, sinking his razor sharp teeth into my flesh like a hot knife through butter. I can feel my blood seeping out of the wound he's created. The rest follow suit and break my flesh with their dagger-like teeth, sucking long pulls of my life fluid through the veins. I take a deep breath, willing the bits of my soul that escape each time to come back to me. I'm thankful that I no longer feel the pain associated with each bite, but the emotional pain is always there. It's an odd feeling, having the blood sucked out of your veins while you're completely conscious and aware. I can feel the blood leaving my body, being replenished as soon as it's lost. I always throw my mind into happier times when this happens, helps to lessen the burn in my heart. Happier times before I knew any of what I know now. He wrapped me in his arms and held me tightly, crushing me to him. I breathed in his masculine scent, a mix of bonfires, sweet tea, and sunshine. A scent that would be forever burned in my nose to remind me of him. As he pressed his lips to mine, my fingers fisted in his hair, memorizing the feel of his golden locks running through my fingers. It seemed as though he was doing the same to mine, his long, leathered fingers combing through my curls. My lips lingered on his a long time. Much longer than was deemed appropriate for two unmarried young adults, but he was leaving for a long time, I had to make this kiss last. His nose nuzzled against my neck as he took in my scent, which he always said smelled of lilac, sweet cream and fresh cornbread. " My sweet Opal," he cooed. "I shall miss you so, my love." " I love you," I said to him. "Please don't forget me," I added as I placed an opal stone in his hand, which he placed in his left breast pocket, right over his heart. " I love you, and I will return to you if it's the last thing I do," my true love whispered in my ear just before he placed a leather string around my neck that held a stone pendant on it. So we could remember each other. His fingers stroked my cheek before he leaned in for one last chaste kiss. I wrapped my fingers around the pendant as he mounted his horse. He rode away towards the horizon, disappearing after a few minutes. I lingered long after, hoping somehow he'd change his mind and come back to me. That was the last time I saw him. When his orders were to end, we were to be married. I waited for days and days for his return, sitting by the window, waiting for a letter to let me know he was soon to come back to me. No letter ever came. He never returned. His body was never brought to us, and no general ever came to our door to say he'd been reported dead. He simply disappeared. Vanished into thin air. I open my eyes, fighting back the tears of having lost my love so long ago. Travis is the first to finish feeding, his eyes now bright red, his body brimming with my blood, the dark shadows under his eyes now lightened slightly from having just fed, and an ever so slight flush to his cheeks. The others pull away shortly after, marveling at the way my skin knits itself back together without the assistance of their venom to seal it. It always leaves a scar though. Countless crescent shaped scars mar my ivory flesh, and it has been that way for nearly 150 years. "Thank you for a lovely evening, Opal. It's been an immense pleasure. As always," he says with fake gratitude. He and I both know that if I didn't let him do it willingly, he'd come in here by force. And if I try to leave or run away, he'll track me down and lock me up or bring me to Italy. I have no choice but to let it happen… week after week, month after month, year after year. At least until the neighbors start to notice that neither I nor my visitors ever seem to age. Then I'll have to move on to a few towns over where no one knows my face or name. Travis and his minions will follow; that much is certain. Travis is greedy enough that while he knows there's no end to the blood supply in my veins, he does not want to share me with anyone that he's not closely associated with. Anyone that lets it leak that I'm a Silverblood is promptly destroyed, along with anyone they told, ensuring that only he and his closest "friends" know of my existence. Additionally, he's under the impression that my blood makes him stronger than any normal human's blood would. This would be true were I his Silverblood. But that is not the case; my blood was not made to alter him on that scale. Janeisha's man toy, as she refers to him is the one exception to Travis' rules. Only because Aneisha mandates it, and being his mate, Aneisha always gets what she wants. With a wink from the man toy, they all nod their thanks and head out the door, leaving as quickly as they arrived, leaving me to my empty house. One of the perks of being immortal is the acquisition of valuable items. Many museums and collectors around the world would kill for some of the things I have. It has become my ritual once Travis and his lot leave to enter my private room and reminisce of times when I used to be a normal human. Before I learned I was a Silverblood. I first replace the stone pendant around my neck that my fiancé gave me so many years ago. As personal as it is, I don't want to risk Travis asking about it or destroying it, so I always remove it before they arrive, placing it safely in a box in the antique desk that I recovered from my family's home long after they all died. I pull out the old photo album and sink into my father's old wingback chair and lose myself in my memories. Jasper PoV Everyone is mated. Everyone but me. They all have their true loves, their one and only. Absorbing all the emotions in the house is anything but comforting. Especially when Edward and Alice mated with Bella and Beck. That was a chapter of our lives that I shall never ever forget, so long as I exist. As I pack up my things, ready to be on my own for a while, I reminisce about the days when Bella and Beck entered our lives, changing us all irrevocably. Edward met Bella one fateful day in Biology class when we lived in Forks Washington. We were masquerading as high school students while Carlisle worked as a doctor at the local hospital. Bella and her twin sister Rebecca, better known as Beck, moved there to live with their father when their mother passed away. Their father was police chief, and it was no small secret that they were coming to town. Everyone was anticipating their arrival, especially Alice. Though she had no idea what their appearance in town would do to our family. Edward narrowly missed killing Bella that day as her blood sang to him like no other ever had before. He left the school and ran to Alaska to escape the allure she posed. He didn't return for an entire month. It was much the same with Alice, meeting Beck during an English class. She missed the vision of Edward nearly attacking Bella as she was experiencing her own vision of nearly attacking Beck. She fled to Alaska right along with Edward, to escape the torment that was Beck's scent. Meanwhile I was bombarded with more bloodlust than I'd ever felt in all my life, even during the bloodbath known as the Southern Vampire Wars. Bella and Beck appealed to Edward and Alice unlike any other humans ever had. I knew Edward hadn't tasted blood in nearly nine decades. Alice's record wasn't quite as clean, but not far off. When Edward and Alice returned from Alaska, things were tense at best. Bella and Beck were confused about my siblings' disappearance, Edward learned he couldn't read either of their minds, and Alice had more visions involving those twins that even she could keep track of. Every day it seemed, one of them was doomed to die by some means. Whether it be by being