This story was an original novel of mine, but I hit some terrible writer's block with it, so I decided to turn it into a fan-fic. The cullens are vampires, so is Jasper Whitlock, but Alice is not with him. She and Edward are mates instead. There'll be no end to the jokes about Jasper having the same name as Bella's dog. Complete AU, Bella never lived in Forks, never met the Cullens before. Chapter 1: New Beginnings "New York, New York," Bella sang to herself as she stepped out of the cab and onto the bustling streets of the Big Apple. She'd visited before, but never by herself. And now it wasn't just a visit, she bit the bullet and decided to move. "Come on Jazz," she said to her dog, Jasper. He hopped down out of the car and sat next to her on the curb, like the very well-trained Golden Retriever he was. The cabby helped get her bags out of the trunk and set them on the curb next to her. Jasper was a very good guard-dog and would growl if anyone got within ten feet of the luggage. Bella thanked the driver, gave him a hefty tip and turned to haul her things inside the building that now housed her spacious warehouse-turned apartment. Jasper suddenly started growling viciously. Bella looked up and saw a man in a track suit jogging in their direction. "It's okay, buddy," she cooed to her dog. He immediately stopped growling and looked up at her, waiting for the next command. She knew those words were the key to get him to calm down. The man did slow down as he approached, having noticed the dog. "Wow, what a beautiful and well-trained Golden!" he complimented. He had a genuine and friendly smile on his face that lit up his dark eyes. Bella staggered a moment as she took him in. He was drop-dead gorgeous. He looked like a young Paul Newman, with the golden locks and everything, though his eyes were a strange hue of burgundy rather than blue. "Th-thank you," Bella replied, stammering through the two simple words. "Jasper is the best bodyguard one could ever ask for. Come on boy, let's go inside." She turned away from the man and headed towards the building. "You… your dog's name is Jasper?" the man asked, incredulously. Bella turned and nodded at him. "Well, that's my name, too. Jasper Whitlock, ma'am. Pleasure to make your acquaintance." Even his voice was sexy, with a hint of a southern twang. Evidence that he was not a native New Yorker. "Bella," she replied. He nodded and smiled as he continued his jog down the street, whistling to some unknown tune. Bella tried her damnedest not to watch his delectable ass as he moved away from her. Jasper, the dog, arfed, bringing her back to reality. She opened the sliding metal door with her keys and set all her luggage off to the side. The dog followed behind, wagging his tail profusely as he sniffed every single inch of the apartment. It was basically one huge room with huge windows on one wall. They were old and yellowed, with some covered with chipping black paint but she loved them. She loved everything about the place. It was the kind of place that she could transform into her own space, make it one hundred percent hers. The ceilings were high, enabling her to build a lofted bedroom area if she so chose, thus maximizing the space even more. The kitchen was off to the right, an open setting with an island that housed the stove and some cabinets, while the double ovens, fridge, counters and sink were along the wall. The bathroom was past the kitchen, a claw-foot tub and shower combination with a sink and vanity. It was small but functional. She envisioned many a bubble bath with a good book under candlelight in that tub. After putting away the few toiletries and items she brought with her, she knew it was time to go shopping for actual things like dishes, cookware, and perhaps a bed. Yes, a bed was probably important. She grabbed Jasper's leash which immediately had him jumping up and down, excited to be going for a walk. She had to tell him to sit down three times before he finally calmed himself enough to let her attach the leash to his collar. She noticed the tag hanging from his collar had her old address on it. "We'll have to get you a new dog-tag, too Jazz. You're a New-Yorker now." He licked her hand and waited impatiently while she grabbed her purse and keys. Out on the streets, she passed by store after store that had many things she wanted. A top of the line cook set from William Sonoma, bedding from Soho, and she wanted her entire wardrobe from Vera Wang. Alas, while she had a large budget to work with, it didn't quite allow for such luxury, so she traipsed down the road to the slightly cheaper shops. Standing at the window display in front of a store called the Kitchen Window, she knew she'd found the perfect place to stock her kitchen. As she stared through the window, one of the sales clerks stepped outside. "What a beautiful dog!" she said. "Can I pet him?" She was holding a dog bowl full of water. Bella knew she'd like this place, and this confirmed it. "Sure, his name is Jasper, hold your hand out to him before you pet him, though," Bella warned. The clerk set the bowl down on the ground right in front of Jasper before approaching him. "I'm Esme," the clerk greeted, speaking more to the dog than to his owner. She held her hand out, Jasper sniffed it before licking it and then let her pet his head. He lifted one paw and placed it on her forearm. Such a flirt. "Oh, what a sweetie!" she said. Jasper then bent down to take a noisy drink from the bowl. "I'm the owner of Kitchen Window, and technically there's a no dogs allowed policy, but I think in his case I'll have to make an exception. We'll say he's a service dog, so pretend to be blind," she joked. "Are you looking to buy some things?" Oh, so she wasn't just a sales clerk. Apparently the owner wore the brown apron, too. "Yes, actually. I just moved here and didn't bring much in the way of kitchen things, so I need to stock up on…" she looked at her list, "well everything. And I just love what you have in the display here, so I'm sure there are even more awesome things inside." Esme took the proffered list and looked it over for a moment. "Oh, I'm sure we can help you out with pretty much all of this. Your name, sweetie?" "Bella," she replied. "Bella Swan." "Beautiful name. Short for Isabella?" Bella nodded, thanking her." "Well, Bella and Jasper Swan, come on in!" She let them into the store and gave her a bit of a tour before letting Bella off on her own. "Feel free to browse around all you like. You can put these sticky notes on the items you want and one of my guys will pack it all up and deliver it to your place for you. Free of charge. I'll go scrounge up some treats for Jasper, if that's alright." Bella nodded and thanked her, knowing that she'd just made her first friend in the big city. Jasper followed her around obediently as she perused the aisles of the store. It had everything: cookware, dishes, bakeware, knives, mixing bowls, glasses, silverware, decorations, knick knacks, wall art, even tables and chairs. In the back of the store, they held weekly cooking classes for various cuisines and techniques. That month they were specializing in gluten-free cooking, seeing as it was all the rage. She stopped at a painting, admiring the abstract lines and colors that stood out on the canvas. "The last thing we need is more artwork, though, right, Jasper?" He merely yipped at her, wagging his tail happily. As she strolled through the aisles, she placed a sticky note on each thing she wanted or liked. Esme had given her two colors, green for, "Yes! I want this right the eff now," and yellow for, "I like the hell outta this, but I'll save it for later." The stickers actually had those quotes on each one. After an hour, she'd picked out a set of pots and pans, cutlery, cooking utensils, a set of matching dishes, silverware, mugs and glasses, a few knick knacks to spruce up the area and a dining set. Jasper had been spoiled rotten by Esme and the other employees at Kitchen Window, given at least a dozen treats and more pats on the head, belly rubs and ear scratches than he could count. He was in seventh heaven. Esme had two of her guys scan the UPC codes on all the items Bella picked. They had iPods that scanned the barcodes and then tallied everything up on the iPad Esme used as a register. What a great way to avoid carrying all that stuff up to the check out area, have one person scan each thing in and have the people behind you waiting impatiently. Bella complimented Esme on her system, who said that her brother had designed the app himself, and she was the first beta user of it. Genius, her brother would make millions. "I especially love the sticky notes," Bella said as she placed the unused ones on the counter. "That's a genius idea, too." "That was all me," Esme said, beaming. "There's a website where you can have custom ones made, so I did that and the customers seem to love it! They even ask if I sell the sticky notes. I just give them the information for the site where I bought them, and tell them they can copy my design and wording. That doesn't bother me." "That's awesome! So what's the damage, Esme? Tell me nicely," Bella said, cringing slightly as she waited for all the items to get scanned in by the goon squad. Their aprons actually said "goon squad" on them. Priceless, Bella thought. This had quickly become her favorite store. She'd definitely be returning for more things and perhaps a cooking class or two. "Three thousand, two hundred ninety six dollars and seventy-three cents," Esme replied, singing the numbers as if it softened the blow. "But that's before the new New-Yorker discount, which brings it down to two thousand, six hundred thirty seven dollars and thirty eight cents. And the further Golden Retriever owner discount which brings it down to one thousand, eight hundred forty-six dollars and seventeen cents." "Discount?" Bella asked, surprised. She was floored. This was practically half-off. "Why, thank you so much! That's very kind of you!" "I'm the owner, I do what I like," Esme said, shrugging her shoulders. Bella handed over her new black Amex card which caused Esme's eyes to go wide. "Um, do you mind if I ask what you do for a living?" "I'm an artist, mostly paintings," Bella replied. "I recently sold a series to a very generous collector. It funded my move, the purchase of my apartment, and the budget to furnish said apartment. And the collector wants another series and is willing to pay double what he paid for the first one." "Damn, you must be a hell of a painter," Esme said, grinning. "Or he's a hell of a sucker. One of the two," Bella joked. Esme laughed throatily. "Well, if you're ever looking for a place to sell more art, we sell local art here, too. I'd be happy to put some of your pieces up on the walls… for a small percentage of course," Esme suggested. Bella laughed. "Yes, of course. That's actually