The Masochist and The Sadist Rating: M Pairing: Bella/Edward A/N: This is a graphic story containing all kinds of devious sexual acts. Including but not limited to blood play, fisting, anal, triple penetration and more. Don't read if this is not your cup of tea. Disclaimer: Stephanie Myers owns all characters, I just defile them. The Masochist No one understands. No one knows what it's like to want the things I do. To yearn for something that most people think is wrong. I grew up in a small town where everyone knew who you were and what you were doing. So you can only imagine what happened when I asked my one and only boyfriend to rip through my virginity, to twist my nipples till they burned and pull my hair until I felt like it would come out of its roots. He looked at me like I was the most disgusting person he'd ever seen. He called me a freak and walked out of my room before we could even take our clothes off. My next door neighbor knew about the incident twenty minutes after Jacob left my house and all the staff at the one diner in town we had knew by the end of the afternoon. My father Charlie, who happened to be the Chief of Police in our tiny town came home early that day. When he came to my room I thought he would yell that I'm a freak too and kick me out but, to my complete surprise he sat next to me and gave me a small reassuring smile. "Do you remember what we told you the reason for my and your mother's divorce was?" Charlie asked. I looked at him in confusion but nodded slowly, "Yeah, you said that you guys were too different. That mom was a free spirit and she didn't want to be stuck in this small town forever." Charlie smiled softly, "Yes, we were too different. You're mother wanted something from me that I just couldn't give her. I tried at first to do the things she asked me but, I'm just not that kind of man." I raised my eyebrow not really understanding what he meant, "Dad?" Charlie sighed, "You're mother was what some people will call a masochist. She liked…well she liked things rough and I'm not talking about your run of the mill stuff. I'm talking borderline violence and I couldn't do it. So, she left". As grossed out as I was from the thought of my parents having sex I finally understood. I was a masochist. I needed pain with my pleasure, just like apparently my mother did. The feeling of my dad taking my hand in his broke me from my thoughts. "You're twenty one years old Bells. I know you don't want to live in Forks for the rest of your life and I know you feel like you have to live here to take care of me but, I'll be fine. You travel everyday from Seattle when I know it would be so much easier for you to live there. It's not like you can't afford it." Charlie said giving her a small smile. I stared at my dad knowing he was right. After graduating high school, I got into the University of Washington where I studied linguistics. I had been lucky that one of my professors had taken a liking to me and recommended me for a job as a translator for Cullen Inc. I had been there for over a month now and really enjoyed my job. The pay wasn't bad either. It was taxing though to drive the three and a half hours every day back and forth just so I could take care of Charlie. I knew he would live off of diner food if it wasn't for me making dinner every night. "I don't know dad. I just, I don't want you to be alone." I answered. Charlie cleared his throat looking uncomfortable. "I, uh, I won't be alone." I raised my eyebrow, "You won't?" Charlie's ears turned a dark shade of red, "Well, uh, I've sort of been talking to Sue Clearwater for a while and uh, things are starting to get pretty serious now." I suppressed a grin. My father was so weird about sharing his feelings. "So, you're kicking me out so Sue can move in?" Charlie looked at me in shock, "What? No! Of course not! I'm not kicking you out of the house." I laughed. "I'm kidding dad. I know that." My father smiled slightly and squeezed my hand. "Listen, Bells, that little punk Jacob is spreading some nasty rumors. I'd lock him up for the hell of it if I didn't think it would just make things worse. You've lived here all your life Bella you know how it is. I don't need people talking about my kid in any way and I don't think you need to deal with that just to be with me. I'll help you look for apartments in Seattle if you'd like. I want you to be happy and I know Forks is definitely not it." I sighed, "You know I don't care what any of these people think dad," Charlie opened his mouth to interrupt me but I raised my hand to stop him. "But, you're right. Apart from you I don't want anything to do with this town. And now that I know Sue will be here for you and take care of you, I'll start looking into apartments in Seattle." Charlie smiled and gave me a quick short hug. "I'm glad," The Sadist The sound of her cry as the whip met her flesh sent a jolt of pleasure straight to my cock. I loved the sound she made, the small cry telling me she was feeling it. It wasn't enough though. I needed to hear her scream. I needed to make her hurt , and I needed to have her cum from it. I couldn't explain the immense pleasure I received when I watched a woman's tears run down her face as she fought the pleasure she felt in the pain I brought her. It was at a very young age that I realized I liked to give pain. I was sixteen when my brother came home after graduating from college. He had brought a couple of his friends to stay the week. Tanya, one of the girls staying at the house had taken a liking to me. She was obvious with her intentions when she walked in on me in the shower one evening. "You're a very handsome boy Edward," she had whispered as she began to take her clothes off. I, being the teenager that I was, had gotten hard instantly at the sight of her perky breasts. She joined me in the shower, where I clumsily felt her up. Tanya didn't mind how inexperienced I was and seemed to enjoy the fact that she would be my first. I was enjoying myself but, I felt like something was missing. I didn't realize what it was until in my clumsiness I had inserted my cock in one full thrust up her ass instead of her moist cunt. Tanya had screamed in pain and I came inside her instantly. That was only the beginning. Tanya had forgiven me for my slip and left the shower telling me she would come to my room that night. As soon as she came in I had kissed her roughly, the scream she had emitted earlier still playing in my mind. I wanted to hear her do it again. I wanted her to hurt. I threw her on the bed pulling her shirt down roughly. Her nipples were erect and I couldn't stop myself from squeezing her tits tightly before tugging on her nipples and twisting them harshly. Tanya cried out in pain and began to fight me. She pushed me off her and got up her eyes a bit teary. "That hurt you dick!" she said angrily. My cock was so hard I thought it would explode. The sight of my handprint on her tit and her red nipple didn't help and I opened my mouth to apologize. "Sorry Tanya, I guess I got a little carried away," I began even though I didn't mean it. "You're just so sexy it makes me stop thinking." My apology seemed to appease her because she gave me a seductive smile and crawled back on the bed. "Alright, just take it slow and easy this time," Tanya said. I did as she asked. I was slow and soft with her. Though she did have a sexy body and I wanted to fuck her, my dick didn't want to cooperate. I began to lose my erection. Even her giving me head couldn't fully bring it back. I closed my eyes tightly thinking of her scream from earlier and the tears in her eyes when I had twisted her nipples. My dick jumped into action and I quickly pulled her to me fucking her pussy roughly until I came. As I grew I realized what I was; A sadist. I researched my love for giving pain and soon found women online willing to receive it. Though I knew a few dominants that were in relationships with their subs I never was. I didn't consider myself a Dom though I guess that's what you could call me and I didn't think I was relationship material. I had yet to find a woman that interested me for more than a week and I liked it that way. I barely had time to make for sex let alone girlfriends, what with running the business and all. After college I began to work for my father's business until ten years later I was running it. He had built his company from scratch and dabbled with many businesses from real estate to clothing companies. We even had business with companies throughout Europe. I tried to take a break every few months to satisfy my needs though that wasn't always possible. "RED!" The scream of the color broke me from my thoughts. I looked at the woman's raw back; I was one more whip from breaking skin. I could see the tears running down her face and between her red flesh and her tears I felt on the verge of cumming. She had screamed red though and I knew I had to stop even if I didn't want to. I didn't say a word as I undid the leather cuffs around her wrists so she was no longer suspended from my ceiling. She sniffled, still crying and not meeting my eyes. I should've known she was going to break. As the years passed, my thirst to give more pain grew and most, actually all the women I had recently hooked up with have broken. They couldn't take the amount of pain I needed to inflict to get off and they couldn't seem to get passed the pain to get off themselves. "I'm sor-" she began but I cut her off. "You know where the door is," I said. I made sure to lock my playroom door once she left and headed upstairs to my bedroom. I contemplated a cold shower but decided instead to take lay in bed. I had to be back at work tomorrow after being gone last month on a business trip in France and then taking a break for three weeks after getting back. Sighing I looked down at my massive erection, it had yet to go down. The images of the woman, whose name I completely forgot, were keeping me hard with her tear stained face and fresh raw back. I gripped my cock squeezing it tightly in my fist as I pumped. In my mind she hadn't called red. She had let me whip her until tiny rivulets of blood ran down her back. Her tears were running