Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Special Note: For those of you who have read the first chapter … please go back and reread it to be current. I recently revised the story. I added and deleted somethings that will be important to understand the story. You might wonder why this happened when the last chapter you read was like this. I apologize for this inconvenience, but I had a change in the direction I wanted to take the story. I would like to thank my wonderful betas for reading this chapter. Both of them have been a great inspiration, to me. They have held my hand and encouraged me, even when I wanted to give up. Thanks for princess07890, cullennbella, dannibags, and piesmom. In this chapter, we find out how Bella got her start at writing and some of the trials she had to go through to get to where she is. She finds her greatest inspiration along the way. If I were to write the story similar to my life, this would be the version I would have like to taken. Bella follows in my shoes and this is what I experienced while entering the fandom. With the exception that I haven't met Edward yet; though, I'm still holding out … Enjoy… Chapter 1 "Writing with Errors" Bella's POV I sat in front of my laptop, aimlessly staring at the screen in front of me with Facebook open. Once my crops were planted and all the latest updates were read from everyone I was friends with, I retired to my couch. I sighed as I closed the laptop. I walked to the kitchen and poured another cup of coffee, then parked my butt on the couch to watch another episode of CSI. My life couldn't get any duller at the moment. That was my life, day in and day out, for the past couple of years. I had no friends or family. Some could argue that I was alone in the world, but I had my cats, and that was all that mattered to me. I had three cats, and they kept me sane with their unwavering love. Goatee, whom I named because of the little goatee he sported under his chin, was my tuxedo cat and extremely loveable. He was toilet trained, and I still couldn't figure out how he learned how to do that. I sure as hell didn't waste my time to train him. He even talked to me on occasions, which brightened my day. Anna was my long-haired princess. She was young, and I found her lying in my driveway and had to take her in. Out of the three, she was the one who loved to lie in my lap for hours. Tinker was multicolored and stayed to herself, but she did come out when feeding time came along. I went to work every day at Newton Outfitters, where I have worked since high school. I had to constantly fight off the owner's son; he was always making passes at me. I made the mistake a couple of years ago and finally gave in. I went on a date with Mike. One thing led to another, and we ended up sleeping together. I was lonely and horny, and since he was close and interested, I allowed it to happen. Huge mistake; now I couldn't shake him. Men weren't exactly knocking down my door, and there he was, ready and willing. I hoped the date, sex we had was bad, or my behavior after the fact was such that he would lose interest in me, I had no such luck. The few boys that were around here, I wasn't interested in. The ones I was interested in were gone before I even worked up the courage to ask them out. I had taken a couple of college classes, but quit when my father became ill. I stayed here in Forks to take care of him, and when he passed, well, I never left. The day of my father's funeral, I stopped at the gas station to get gas and buy a lottery ticket. Who knew that paying tribute to my father would pay off? I mean, he bought lottery tickets from there all the time; it was something that he liked to do. Since he was no longer with me, I thought, what the hell, and bought one in his honor. He was able to win back a couple of bucks here and there when he bought one, but when I did it in his memory that day, I won millions. After the dust cleared and everything was said and done, I was set for life. I never saw the need go back to Phoenix with my mother; my house, Dad's house, the home I grew up in, I couldn't bear to get rid of it. Also, the car I got; both were paid off, and all I had to worry about were the other monetary things in life. I didn't have to work, but kept my job at Newton's to pass the time. My life changed when I fell at Newton Outfitters one day. I was laid up in bed for weeks on end, trying to recover from the surgery I had to have. Walking was something I always had trouble with and apparently when I fell over the stupid parking block in front of the store, well, I did more harm than good. The doctor told me that years of constantly falling had weakened the ligaments in my ankle, and they needed to repair the damage. Since I was alone, the doctor wanted me to hire a nurse to help me out. I did; she cleaned and did a couple of things around the house, and I spent the majority of the time in bed. I needed something to occupy my time, so I finally picked up the books I had been dying to read. I had seen 'Sunrise' the movie, and it was okay, but never thought anything of it. When I learned 'Curve' was coming out, which was the sequel, I bought the books to read, but never did read them. The movie was okay, but it didn't really do anything for me. Then they made another movie, 'Darkening', and I was hooked. I didn't have anything else to do, and I had the books at the house. 'Darkening' had really drawn me in. I started reading the first one, and I could feel the love pouring off the pages. I couldn't get enough and quickly picked up the sequel, and cried during the first four chapters. When I finally managed to get to where the movies had ended, I couldn't wait for it to be released to see what was going to happen to them. So, being that I couldn't move and the newest movie wasn't out yet, I read the last book. 'Enduring Sunrise' still left me wanting more. I couldn't get enough. I felt like an addict. I started perusing the author's website looking for updates about the books or movies. I was shocked to learn that the author had written 'Witching Hour,' from a different characters point of view. That story would never see the light of the day because someone had to go and mess things up for the rest of us. After reading everything she had and reading all the outtakes that never made it into the books, I still wasn't satisfied and needed more. One day while searching her page, I found a site for Sunrise fans. Fantasyjunkie was a website devoted to the characters of 'Sunrise'. I was shocked to see that people were writing stories about my favorite couple and their families. I thought my prayers were answered. I clicked on a story featuring my favorite pair and got lost once again in their love. But after reading it, I felt let down when my lovers didn't sail into the sunset. I decided that if all the stories on that website ended like that story, I never wanted to read from there again. I headed back over to the author's website, looking for something else, something that would bring me joy, something to heal the loneliness I felt inside, and something to idle the time I had to spend in bed. Scrolling her list of fan sites, I finally stumbled on, another website devoted to the 'Sunrise Series'. They also allowed people to write stories. I was giddy with anticipation as I scrolled through the stories and read each author's own little blurb talking about their stories. They even had contests, and stories with lemons; I couldn't for the life of me figure out what lemons were. So I had to learn the lingo for the site. After a couple of interesting reads, I had finally found my home, and my reason for living. I was blowing through stories like a crack addict with an endless supply. I would finish them in record time. I would search for more and save them to my browser bar to read later. I was reading so many stories that, after a while, I forgot which ones I loved and which ones I had already read. I would start a story, only to realize that I had read that one before; I put a stop to that when I learned how to favorite them. So, I would favor them and move on. Eventually, I started dreaming and thinking about my own stories I could write. I held myself back; I knew I wasn't good enough. I had only been an average student in school, and English was my worst subject. I would think and dream, though, and the stories would bounce around in my mind, constantly plaguing me to write them. Once I was back on my feet, and back to work, Mrs. Newton insisted that she set me up with someone. The first suggestion was her son, but when I adamantly declined, she started picking others. I went on a couple of dates, but I couldn't pull myself away from my stories. When those were failures, she found others who were willing to go out with me. Where she found these men was beyond me. None of them held my interest and were nowhere near as exciting as the world that was created within my stories. I had a couple of guys who hung in there, and we successfully went out several times. However, once they came over to my house and watched as I successfully ignored them to read an update from my favorite author, they too lost interest in me. When I would get excited about a new story I was reading, I would tell Mrs. Newton about it. She looked at me like I was crazy, or something. Hell, even Mike lost interest in me after hearing about all the stories. Some would argue that I was obsessed, but I didn't think I was. I had just found my source of happiness, and my creative muse. I couldn't help but think about the stories I wanted to write, and when I slipped and told Mike about wanting to write, he laughed in my face and told me that I could never make it as a writer. He pissed me off; I mean, what did he know about the world? He was twenty-eight years old and still lived with his mother. I finally broke down and wrote the story that plagued my mind. It followed the author's original story line where she had left off. I needed more and I wondered how many other people out there were like me. I wondered if anyone would even like my stories. I finally