Quattro Amore Beta'd By: dannibags and piesmom Disclaimer (If Applicable): All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement was intended. This story will contain graphic lemons, drug use (only a little), and adult situations. The bar on Fourth and Vine looked the same as every place on the block to Edward as he stepped out of the taxi, and paid his fare. He allowed the smell of cheap wine and stale cigarettes to wash over him as he entered the establishment. It wasn't the best place to look for a companion for the night, but it was either this place or the club downtown called 'La Push' where all the twenty something kids hung out. And, he wasn't about to go there. It had been awhile since Edward had been able to experience the feel of a woman, and to tell you the truth, his hand was getting a little boring. Edward had taken time off to take care of his sick mother. In doing so, he put looking for a girlfriend on the back burner for a while. After his mother's death, it took Edward months to finally get everything settled with his mother's estate. Now that everything was handled, it was time to start looking again. Loneliness was another factor driving his choice to head out tonight. After his mother died, he had no one left that he truly loved. He never knew his father, and she was the only family he had ever known. And, now that she was gone, he figured it was time to find someone to keep him from feeling so empty inside. It was time to get back into the swing of things. Tonight's objective was simple; it would be solving two problems at once, at least for an hour or so. One was getting laid, and the other was to not be alone for just one hour of the day. Sure, he could have had his pick of nurses in his office, but Edward was never one to mix business with pleasure. Edward knew women thought he was nice looking because of the way the nurses were constantly falling over themselves to help him out. But, he never understood why they would behave that way. He always considered himself too lanky and too small for a man. Even though he was proportionally equal in his height and weight, Edward didn't compare to his colleague, Emmett McCarty. The bar on Fourth and Vine wasn't the biggest place. Actually it was more like a hole in the wall type joint. It seemed all of the middle aged population here in Milling Fort, SC gathered here looking for love in all the wrong places. Either people were looking to hook up, drown their sorrows, or avoid their spouses. Actually, the 'Lonely Hearts Bar' was the saddest place to be at on a Saturday night. Edward walked around the bar and picked a seat toward the back so he could see the entrance of the bar, hoping to weed out the ones he didn't want early on. The bartender walked over. "What can I get ya?" the bartender asked, wiping down the bar. "Club Soda," Edward said. He didn't want to drink tonight. Edward had heard that sometimes when a man got older that alcohol sometimes stumped one's enthusiasm as a lover. And, tonight he didn't want to disappoint, if he was given the chance. Edward knew he wasn't a spring chicken anymore and turning thirty-five only increased his odds of it happening to him. Across the bar in a darkly lit corner sat Heidi. She was here every weekend watching the front doors of the 'Lonely Hearts Bar', waiting for someone special to walk through. She always came home lucky when she visited this bar, and tonight wouldn't be an exception. She watched as a man walked through the doors and approached the end of the bar. He sat so his body was facing the door. He wanted to be able to see if someone of interest walked in also. He was looking for someone like I was , she thought. She sipped her wine and waited to see if anyone approached him. She didn't want to make waves for him if he was meeting a girlfriend and would potentially ask both of them. While she waited, she sized him up; he was nice looking with red brown hair, tall and lean, green eyes, and he was dressed like he had money. He would make an excellent addition to her collection of men. When no one approached the man, Heidi grabbed her glass and walked toward the bar where he sat. She walked up just as he placed another order with the bartender. "Another club soda," he said, motioning toward his glass when he got the bartender's attention. "Why are you ordering club soda?" Heidi asked, inserting herself into his world. Edward turned and looked her up and down, trying to decide if he should start a conversation with her or not. She was rather pretty to him. She had long brown hair, crystal blue eyes, and a megawatt smile. She was appealing, and he decided to open up to her. "I might have a beer later. I'm not much of a drinker," he said, smiling his patented crooked smile that usually had the women at the clinic falling at his feet. "Heidi," she said, holding out her hand. "Edward," he said, reaching out to take her hand in his and pulling them up to his lips to kiss her knuckles. "Wow, such a gentleman. So Edward, what do you do for a living?" she asked, sipping her wine. She figured a little bit of flattery might help her in the long run. "I am a pediatrician. What do you do for a living?" he asked, trying to get to know her a little better. "Business owner. I own a restaurant on Third Street," she said, smiling at him. Heidi and Aro Volturi owned 'La Bella Italia', a little Italian bistro. They were still relatively new to the area; so no one knew about her being married. Aro was more of a silent partner in the business, money and brains. Heidi was the pretty face. So even if she was recognized, it didn't matter. No one knew the difference between Aro and a stranger walking down the street. Heidi was satisfied with her male choice. Now, if only she could locate the woman Aro wanted tonight, her little trip would be successful. Meanwhile, Bella entered the bar on Fourth and Vine, wanting to drown her sorrows. She walked to the bar and took the closest seat toward the doors. When the bartender approached, she requested the whole bottle of Southern Comfort. She hoped it would help improve the mood she was in. Bella had the worst day of her life. She had walked in on her longtime boyfriend, Jake, who was fucking another man. Now, if it had been a woman, she would have been pissed and ready to kick ass, but since it was a man, it hurt her ego. She had given him eight years of her life. He never wanted to get married, and now she knew why he never asked. Tonight, everything was being put into perspective for her. Heidi watched out of the corner of her eye as the attractive woman entered the bar. Heidi sized her up quickly and noticed that she was Aro's type; long brown hair, brown eyes, short in build, thick around her hips and thighs; plus she had nice big tits that he liked. " Perfect!" Heidi thought. "A fucking man, let alone his best damn friend," Bella muttered to herself, as she poured the first of what would be many shots. Bella had tried to be a good girlfriend and supportive of his weird tendencies. But, now everything had fallen into place in her mind. Why he couldn't please me in bed? Why he never wanted to look me in the eyes? Why he never asked me to marry him? And, why he always knew the designer brands, and what looked best on me? These were all the questions that were answered in a matter of seconds when she opened the door. "The entire fucking time, I bet," she muttered, before she turned up the shot glass and drank the first one of the night. The burn in the back of her throat only appeased her for a second before she tossed another shot down. "Edward, would you excuse me for a moment?" Heidi asked, smiling at him. "Sure," Edward said, thinking she was heading towards the ladies room, but when she strolled toward the woman at the end of the bar, Edward's thoughts changed. Maybe the two were potential friends. Was she letting her know there was a possibility she would be leaving with me tonight? He was letting his head below his belt run the head above the belt for now. "Excuse me," Heidi said. Bella looked up from her third shot and stared into the crystal blue eyes of a woman. "Can I help you?" Bella asked, a little pissed that she was being interrupted, but she decided to look the woman up and down, trying to figure out what she wanted. "Maybe, but that depends entirely on you. Do you mind if I sit here?" she asked, pointing to the empty stool beside Bella. Edward watched as the two chatted at the end of the bar for a moment before his own needs took over, and he decided to hit the head. "It's a free country," Bella said, turning her attention back to the shot glass and bottle in front of her. "Man troubles?" Heidi inquired, figuring that was the only reason a woman like her was in a bar like this tonight. "Something like that," Bella responded, taking the fourth shot, hoping to erase the image she saw this afternoon. "I'm Heidi," she said, holding out her hand for Bella to shake. "Bella." She reached out and shook Heidi's hand. "What if … I said the gentleman at the end of the bar was interested in a lady friend tonight?" Heidi asked, hoping she had found her third partner for the night. Bella looked up from her shot glass and into the eyes of a bearded man with tattoos and no front teeth. He grinned at her broadly and hopeful. "I would say good luck with that, but I am not interested," she said, toasting toward her then turning her shot glass up again. Bella didn't want that kind of man, and she prayed that he wouldn't start looking better by the time she finished her bottle. Bella didn't really know what she wanted tonight. All she knew was she wanted to erase the memories of this afternoon and the last eight years. Heidi looked down at the end of the bar noticing that Edward had left his spot, and looked into the eyes of the man that Bella has seen. A shiver ran down her spine as she gazed upon the bearded man, and he winked hoping he would have the pleasure of both women tonight. Heidi briefly wondered where Edward had gone, but spotted him coming from the men's room. "No, not him," she replied quickly, having found Edward walking back to his seat. Once he was seated again, Heidi asked Bella again. "Look, I am here because my boyfriend of eight years cheated on me with his best friend, who happens to be a man. I am not interested in toothless over there," Bella said, pointing in the direction of the bearded fellow at the end of the bar close to Edward. "No honey, look again. The fellow with piercing