Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement was intended. Story inspiration the song 'Shooting Star' by Bad Company, and the movie 'Almost Famous.' Setting of this story is the early 1980s. Song for this chapter – Down at the Whiskey- Motley Crue, I have the link on my Facebook page for those who would like to hear it. www dot facebook backslash groups backslash carolinacullenfanfictions Warning: This story will have drug use, alcohol abuse, and graphic situations. Please be advised if this is not something you wish to read please back out now. Thanks to dannibags for suggesting this story, for correcting my errors, and for being awesome. Also, Piesmom for making sure that everything is good before its début. This story will update once a month, I will try to make the updates around mid-month because of another story I started that will post at the first. So, be sure to follow at the bottom to receive notification of updates. ~Carolina Chapter 1 " Down at the Whiskey" The Gods of Rock–N-Roll inspired us: Clapton, Pete Townsend, John Bonham, Jimmy Page, Keith Moon, Pete Carr, Joe Perry, Ozzy Osbourne and Mick Jagger; I could list the greats all day long. We aspired to be just like them in every way, shape , and form. My life had been planned from the moment I strapped a guitar onto my chest. The ultimate plan was to make it big someday, but that was the hard part. When I was a freshman at Forks High School, I soaked up every note and riff I could find. Learning to play by ear as I went and by the end of school that year, a couple guys and I started a band. Emmett played the drums, Mike played the bass, Garrett sang lead vocals, and I sang backup and played lead guitar. At first, we were nothing more than a garage band at best. Not everyone had the drive and devotion that I did. Nevertheless, we practiced and worked as hard as we could. By the time we were juniors , we were so good that we played at local cafes and a couple of dances at the school. That was the year that our plans became more concrete. The plan after graduation was that the boys and I were going to head out to LA to see if we could finally get a shot at being famous. Why wait until after graduation and not headed out now? Well, in case we didn't make it in LA , we would come home with our tails tucked between our legs, and go to college like we should have. That was the only way our parents would allow us to go. It wasn't the best plan , but it had potential. We all got jobs after school, during the summer, and worked around our gigs. We practiced every chance we got. All the money we made working and the money from the shows went into a bucket at my house. We saved everything we could. The only way you were allowed to keep money out was for gas or something that couldn't be avoided; even that had to be approved by the other members of the band. When my parents offered to buy me a car junior year, I declined and asked that the money they would have spent on a car be placed in the bucket. They were reluctant at first, but once they saw how determined the four of us were, there was no stopping them from throwing their money in. It was the last two weeks of our senior year when things started to take off. We booked a couple of clubs in Seattle and a good little buzz started about our band. The crowd was intense that first night we played at club 'Twilight'. We had never played somewhere that wild and crazy before. The stage was huge and a cage wrapped around the entire thing, which I couldn't understand until the first band played. The crowd got rowdy and started throwing beer bottles at the stage while booing their performance. I was shocked at first, which brought my nervousness to the surface. I mean, what if they didn't like us? The cage might keep the beer bottles from hitting us, but we would still be covered in beer by the end of the night. Right before they called us on stage the nerves of everyone hit an all time high. Garrett, the lead singer and main one who wrote our few original songs, was the first to suffer. We had started the intro to one of our originals when he ran to the back of the stage to puke. I didn't know what to do, but it was obvious that Garrett wouldn't be joining us for the first part. I motioned to Emmett to keep the drum line running and nodded to Mike to keep playing. I stepped up to the microphone and belted out the first verse of our song. I kept an eye on Garrett, and once he had calmed his body, he joined in on the second half of our song. We had only been scheduled to sing three songs. The first song went okay ; everyone cheered and no bottles were thrown. When I started the intro to 'Lunar Eclipse,' our second song , the crowd was loving it. They pulled out their lighters and waved them in the air, swaying their bodies to the beat. By the time the third and final song finished , the crowd was wild. The roar of the crowd was deafening. At the end of the night, the manager came to us wanting to know if we would be interested in doing a set every Friday, and we jumped at the chance. However, having an every weekend performance would mean that we would have to quit our other jobs. Plus, we had only planned to stay in town for another two weeks, but it would depend. With us having a gig that was more permanent, we might be persuaded to stay in town just a little longer. Things didn't work out like we had thought they might with the gig in Seattle. No sooner than our caps from graduation hit the ground , our bags where packed and we were LA bound. I can still remember the day I left the house. " Don't cry mama," I said to my mom as I hugged her for the seventh time. " Please don't go," she said through her tears. " Come Esme, let the boy go," Carlisle pled. " Just smile and wave goodbye," I said wiping the tears from her face. " Just wait ... I'm gonna be a big star someday, and this day will seem like nothing," I said trying to be positive about everything. " I know baby. No mother wants to see the day when her child leaves the house for the first time." She reminded me several times to change my underwear, to eat, and take care of myself. I smiled and pulled from her embrace. Once in the car , I turned around to see the smiling faces of my parents with tears in their eyes. I waved at them and pulled off for our long journey to LA. It didn't really take that long for us to get to 'Sunset Boulevard'. The Sunset Strip was known to be the haven of several groups. The greats like Led Zeppelin, The Doors, and The Byrds were known to hang out at the places along the strip back in their day, while Motley Crue, Ratt, and Van Halen are lining up to play down at 'Whisky a Go Go'. The strip was one and a half miles that housed restaurants, bars , and clubs. The boys and I were excited to be here, but tired from the trip and decided that first thing in the morning , we would start working on getting a couple of gigs in the area. The main placed we wanted to play was at 'Whiskey a Go Go' ; it was our first stop. If that didn't work , we planned on hitting up 'The Roxy', 'Pandora's Box' , and 'London Fog.' After that, we didn't know where to go, but decided we would stick it out to the end. We pulled into the Continental Hyatt house that we were staying at for the next couple of days. If we didn't get a gig soon , I didn't know where we would be staying after that. After getting into our rooms , we walked down to the Rainbow Bar and Grill for something to eat. No sooner than the doors opened, I was stunned. There were celebrities and rockers alike all having dinner or drinking at the bar. We didn't move an inch, just stood there looking at everyone. We were officially in the heart of rock n roll. One of the men from behind the bar ushered us in and sat us at a table. We didn't talk for a good ten minutes until one of the celebrities walked over to the table and welcomed us. After that, we were golden and ordered our meal. We finally worked up enough courage to talk to a couple of celebs and everyone was extremely friendly. It was like one giant party and everyone was friends with everyone. They even gave us some weed and told us where to go if we needed more. While stoned out of our minds , we wrote the first chords and words to another song sitting on the steps of the Hyatt. The following morning , we hit the pavement and talked to all the managers at the clubs on the strip. We didn't get a gig, and things really needed to shape up soon or we would be heading home, and not happily. ~AASS~ It took us a month to get to perform at 'London Fog' and we had already been living out of the back of Emmett's van for the last two weeks. We were hungry and dirty. The manager there was gracious enough to give us an advance on the show. This allowed us to head back to the Hyatt for a warm meal, a hot shower, and a warm bed for a week or two. The following week , we did the concert and things went well, but nothing came of doing the show. The manager was mildly impressed and pushed for us to come up with more original material; being a cover band would only get us so far. He told us to come back when we had five original songs. We worked and thought and when we weren't trying to write something , we were looking for something to eat or somewhere to shower again. It took us two fucking months to finally add three more original songs to our set. We walked back into 'London Fog' with our new songs, and had another appearance along with another advance payment. Before the gig , we practiced, practiced, practiced, and then drank and smoked every drop of money up. So, doing the show was now the key to keeping us in LA longer. This time things went much better. We meet Jasper Whitlock. Jasper was the nephew of some big wig in the music industry. After talking to him in the wee hours of the morning, we had a few more things to try. He used his contacts and was able to get us more shows; a couple at the Whiskey, one at the 'Troubadour', plus the three performances we now had at 'London Fog'. Things were starting to take shape with Jasper's managing skills.