Lucette (Lucy)Fortune is 121 years old and trying to live her life in repentance for the lives she took as a newborn by being a French teacher for the freshman class of Central Kitsap High. Although she has over seventy years of teaching experience, things are going to change when a certain Resesme Cullen enrolls in her class. Canon, No Ness/Jake romance Chapter 1 Part 1 "Although, I did complete my doctrine in psychology, I am not offended if you all want to refer to me as Ms. Fortune instead of Doctor Fortune. In fact, it's pretty funny. I promise that French this year shall be a killer." I mused with an even heartfelt smile. I could hear each sticky, enticing heart beat either slow or speed up in reply. I turned to the chalk board and started writing. My penmanship was even and beautiful like my father had shown me all those years ago. Only this time, my careful hands made no errors. I spoke over the sound of young contracting and expanding lungs. "My name is Lucette Fortune, but colleagues call me Lucy. As you can tell from my accent I am from a French language dominate country. I was born in small place named Geneva in Switzerland. French is my first language although I speak Swedish, Italian, and obviously English." I turned to the class and looked under my glasses. I saw few smiles, but mostly at my flawless appearance rather than my attempt at humor. I fixed my glasses as normally as possible and turn back to the board. I found that the prop of glasses softened the blow of how bizarre my eyes looked with these in furiously itchy brown contacts to hide my bright red iris. "I am 24 years old. I'm only child and I live alone in my condo in the Northern part of Silverdale. This is my 3rd year as a teacher, but I am new to Central Kitsap High as well as being new to the Washington Area. That makes us both freshmen." I made another look to my students with a warm smile. "I like to have fun, but take my native tongue very seriously, so I expect a lot out of you guys." I looked out at the 14 pairs eyes staring me down. I was the new teacher here, at the first day of high school. I was as nervous as the new set of freshman in front of me. Or least I tried to seem that way. I managed to restrict a few minor details about my life. One: I was a vampire. Everything else was fairly true. I am 21-phyiscally, but I had to jack up my forged ID age to make it sound more possible for all my achievements. I was new to this school, and to this area, but I have taught and practiced psychology in Universities in Germany, Switzerland, and France. I have visited America at least twice, but this is my first year lowering my roots and teaching… prepubescent children . What an experience would it mingling with the young of this generation. One girl with ruby red hair raised her hand two rows from the back. With her movement her scent wafted through the air in waves. "Yes?" "Will we have a lot of homework?" Her voice was high pitched. I grinned. "Well, depends on how much we get done during class. Let's dive in shall we? I introduced myself, now each of you stand up and tell me your name, age, and if you know any foreign language. If you don't know anything, tell me a language you would like to learn. You do not need to feel pressured to say French, but you will get extra credit." Some the class laughed and I suggest the red head go first. She stood up. Her body was lanky and I could smell the roll of toilet paper stuffed in her bra. Poor girl. "My name is Megan Cronly. I'm 14, and I don't know any language besides English. I want to learn French to become a model in France." "Fantastique, Megan. France is truly a place for sure a beautiful Fashonista, such as yourself." I say clapping my hands together. Megan smiles at me and I know that I will be on the best teacher list in her opinion. As time continued, each child stood up and spoke and I tried to give a push of encouragement in each one despite some of their odd taste. All of their blood smelt great, but I learned to channel my blood lust into my passion for teaching. I have a talent for bringing out the best in people. Both literal and figuratively. My afterlife provided me with the vampire talent of being able to emit a wave that makes people's talent even more pronounced. I can make the hobby cyclist good enough to match anyone racing. However, if I focus enough I could also make someone absolutely terrible at something as well. Luckily this talent has an on and off switch. Sadly my other vampire talents did not. I heard one male student who name was apparently Greg whisper "She's single. Jackpot. I've never seen anyone hotter than her." And his friend responded with a crude comment about my butt. This was the part of being a vampire that you think would be always a distraction, but after a while you got used to it. Of course I was beautiful in their eyes. It's how I hunted- or how I used to hunt. I had to pretend that boy was out of my range of hearing as I continued to let my students' converse with one another. I found it amusing that my fellow teachers would have to spend weeks to get to know everyone's name, but I had no issue remembering each name. "Ok now that we all know each other, how about we play a little game. It's called, guess who. Based on everyone's short description, we try to guess what talents everyone has. It's a little childish for young adults like yourself, but humor me. It's the first day of school, and I doubt piling on the French will make you excited for the year" I grinned and reached over to pull a basket out from under the desk. "Write down something you can do well, and don't share with your partner. Fold it up and placed it inside the basket." I walked around to collect the pieces of paper and was extra careful not to accidently brush hands with my students. The same blonde hair kid looked up at me with a bug eyed expression. Like he was going into shock, and judging by his skyrocketing pulse, I'm sure that was the case. "Kevin? Are you ok?" I asked after he didn't put his paper in the basket. He simply stared up at me in amazement, a pool of drool starting in the corner of his mouth. "Huh! Yes I am fine!" He fumbled to throw his paper into the basket, but he was off about a centimeter. He would knock over the basket and although I had plenty time to react, I had trained my body and mind to react the human way. I let his clumsy hand knock over the basket of notes, making the class giggle and mock the poor boy. "Oh! I'm so sorry, Ms. Fortune! Here let me…" Again he was off another inch making his body crash into his desk. I could have moved out the way, but with so many eyes on me, I had to get this right. I grimaced probably a second too early as the desk turned over and fell on my feet. I didn't feel anything, but I grunted and managed out a loud yelp- perhaps a bit too overplayed, but I have never faked an injury before and I really had to sell the 'I feel pain' thing. If the class wasn't laughing, before they were sure hooping and hollering now. Kevin who was already fair skinned was red as an apple. Some more beefy looking boys near me helped me remove the desk off my feet and I thanked them kindly. I got control of the class, and told them that I was fine and there was no need for concern. Kevin apologized and then laid his head on his desk for the rest of the class period. He didn't even bother to play the game. When the bell rung, Kevin tried to hurry out, but the red head cut him off. "Way to kill the awesome new Teacher, Kevin." She chuckled before walking out before him. The two beefy boys followed behind her like she was some sort of princess. I had to repress my urge to roll my eyes. Perhaps dealing with highschoolers was not so interesting after all. The new class started to pile in as quickly as the old ones left and I smiled and waved as the class stumbled to their seats as many took double takes of me, before whispering how pretty I looked. When the late bell rang, I turned to the chalk board and restarted my earlier rant. It was my last class before lunch and I was starting to believe that teenager from my time, had not really changed from now. Sure the taste in music and clothes were outlandish at best. But they were just as hormonal and easily bored. I used my charm and dazzle to attempt to get them excited for the school year, which worked wonders. By now, all of students (three periods worth) had left the class talking about how "cool" I was compared to the other teachers. This gave me full gratification, but also unnerved me. I couldn't help, but feel a little bad for tricking their tiny minds into think I was normal. If they knew how monstrous I could be, the whole lot of them would run away screaming and crying bloody murder. I waited and watched each of the new students pile in and each was excited. I guess they must have heard the news about me. Everything was going normal until I saw her. Well I smelt her way before she entered, but when I saw her, my careful face dropped. It wasn't the fact she was the prettiest student thus far, but her smell… She smelt of roses. Her blood was intoxicating, but her skin sang of vampire. I could hear her heart, but there was something so particular about this student's pulse. What was that other scent she held? Woods maybe, but worst? In fact the scent of something revolting lingered on the edges of her clothes The bouncy movement of her curls stopped as she stared me down. She was tightly clutching her books to her chest so I was sure she was going to snap in half. She stared right through me and for a second I was afraid she knew something she should not have had. Impossible! I had meet a few other vampires in my travels and while I researched my heritage. None of them could have withstood the smell of his girl. Maybe there many vampires in Forks like me… Or maybe not. I relaxed and extended my hand to gesture for her to come in. "French 101, right? You are in the right place." She smiled a little bit and nodded. She was dressed to nine in a blue cotton button up dress and some black converses. Her bronze curls were perfectly framing her face, but her tight jaw didn't ease up she carefully walked a few steps to me and I smiled encouragingly. "I don't bite." I grinned at her and her eyes went wide, before she laughed out loud. It was short burst that didn't have too much humor in it. I wonder what was going through her head. She took her seat in the back