Chapter One: Begging the question part I. "What?" her voice was piled up with innocence and sheer disbelief at my expression. "Did you honestly think that I couldn't do intense research myself? Clearly I am not as dizzy as you think I am, Bella. Like I wouldn't realize my own daughter was a vampire!" Renee snorted as though I had offended her by insulting her intelligence. I sat there clearly shaken with my mother and shocked beyond words could even express. I took a careful glance at Edward next to me- who in return was staring at a very wry and slightly apologetic Alice shrugging her pixie like shoulders. Not even a second ago she had returned from a hunt with Edward, Jasper and Rosalie, but a little too late to bring her gift of seeing the future of my mother arriving at my home. Carlisle and Esme were exchanging nervous glances at my mother who just tore down years- if not decade's worth of careful hiding and plotting to preserve the family's secret. The very same secret, which is as of one year to this date, was officially mine to keep. Rosalie was staring me down as she was first one to talk since my mother had showed up in the main house flags blazing and asked to see me. Carlisle had tried his best to keep the human lady was seeing me sitting on the couch, but her tiny frame rushed to my side. My mind had been in a stupor for words to explain my enhanced appearance, but my mom hugged me as if I was not a danger to her and said in a proud voice "Bella! Love! You look great to be undead! How is married life treating my little girl?" It was then a few seconds later little Alice rushed in the door, mouth open to proclaim what we already guessed so a split second decision to drop in on the Cullen's home. Rosalie's voice was clear and beautiful, clearly unnerved an octave hirer than usual. "Bella, why'd you tell her?" she said. "I didn't." I whispered. "How did she get here?" I asked openly still looking at my mother smiling like she won the lottery. "I flew Bella. I debated on wheatear or not I should see you since I was in the area! But I finally thought I'd drop- well just as I was driving past the home! Lovely place by the way. Very lovely…" her tone was envious and completely not the fact she was surrounded by vampires. "Um. Excuse me, but- what did you say Ma'am?" Jasper asked curiously. Renee blinked hard then clapped her hand together like she always does when she has an "oops!" moment. "Oh dear! Yes yes! Dear Cullens, Don't worry! I don't have plains on staying long. As generous as Edward says his family is, I wouldn't ever just show up and expect room and board! I am just making a little house call!" " Mom !" I cried almost painfully. As if that was the problem here! "You should be here! You shouldn't be…" I started to tell her how dangerous it was, but she rolled her eyes. "So you married a vampire, love. Doesn't mean you have to exclude me in your endeavors!" "Oh my God!" Edward exclaimed suddenly. "Her thoughts. She actually means this!" Esme unthawed from next to Carlisle and walked over to us. "Renee, please. You know about us?" "After Bella stopped trying to talk to me and Charlie got all weird when mentioning Bella or Edward. I took matters into my own hands. I spent so many hours knee deep in books about the occult! I even found some wondrous pumpkin spice beard recipes! But it took a while before even I could piece together what maybe happened. I made up my mind a long time ago, Bella was hiding something- the poor doll is not really good at lying." Renee winked at me. "Finally I realized that my daughter married a vampire! And I thought I was lucky to find a pro baseballer! What a story. I decided, that Bella would tell me, when she perceived I was ready to know- which I guess was never!" René frowned at me. "That hurts, Isabella. I saw you pushing me away! What's the big deal?" "The big deal is that your life is in danger! What the voultori find out!" my mind raced at the fear. Not to long had they stepped foot in forks wanting my daughter's head on a stick. I winced at the memory, but Renee shrugged. "Don't know what that is, but it is nothing compared to the cold shoulder you are going get, young lady." I cannot believe this right now! My jaw fell open and I had quickly fixed it with an unsettling crack of my teeth grinding. I looked over to Alice was shrugged again. "The voultori aren't going to find out." She said in her sing song voice. "They aren't coming back to Forks anytime soon actually. Aro actually decided a checkup is needed 90 years from now. I guess being so old makes long periods of time seem like two weeks. Either that or he too embarrassed to show his face…." Edward grimaced. "90 years? Seems like something Aro would do. His age did distort time… by then…" his words trailed as he looked at my mother, and I knew where he was heading. By then, We would have left Forks to avoid notice. I looked at my mom who was admiring the house again. "Beautiful, Esme. Just beautiful. Every time I come here, it's always the same awe. Tell me how long it took to design this." My mother said smiling calmly. I looked at Jasper who was grimacing more than usual. Not from pain, but from confusion. He wasn't making her feel calm. She was actually calm. In fact it was almost scary how perfectly at ease she was right now knowing what she knows. Edward sighed at the same time Alice laughed at something only the two of them could see. "We can trust her." They said in unison. I guess Alice checked the future out for bad things to happen, but for once we were in the clear. It seemed so strange. With that validation everyone melted, everyone- excluding Emmett who never tensed up anyways and continued playing some mindless video game the entire time. The next hour was a flurry of questions. "How'd you pick vampires?" "Who have she told?" "Where was Phil?" "How long was she in town and why?" Renee giggled at the attention and spitfired out answers. "Google. I typed in pale, gorgeous, and cold. I found some books, and tried to look for anything that sounded like my son-in-law. I haven't told anyone. Not even my husband, not that he'd believe me! He thinks it's a new hobby I picked up! Pfft! Phil! Oh honey he is fine. He has a game here in a day or two. I've known for a while, but I just decided to gather up my courage and see my little scream queen! My Bella a Vampire! Wow-wee! I have plans to leave to Florida in a week with Phil!" "And I thought, Bella was a card." Mused Japser. "I've never seen anyone quite so…refined around us expect Bella, Ma'am." Renee was floored! She and I was so used to me having to be the parent, that it felt so odd to feel like a kid in her booming presence, and she loved it. I couldn't help, but smile at my mother. Truth be told- I missed her dearly. More than I realized once she was in my life again. Carlisle spoke up. "You must have questions too, Mrs. Swan." His formality made my mother wrinkle her nose. "Oh please. Mrs. Swan would be my mother in law and I'd prefer if you didn't talk her up! Call me Renee! And yes. I was wondering if you could give me a tour of this enchanting house!" During her hour stay my mother never once questioned our lively hood as a coven of monsters. Not even crossed her mind according to Edward was surprised, yet bemused by the whole thing. As though the idea was perfectly natural and ordinary to her! That was the Renee charm I had so dearly missed. Over the next hour mom made it her business to walk into even room in the main house and chat Esme and Carlisle down about how perfect it was. She made attempts to speak with each of my brothers and sisters actually. She bubbled to Alice and how much she loved her shoes, told Jasper that she loved her southern accent on such a sweet young man. She gawked at the violence on Emmett's video game and demanded her teach her how to play later- earning Emmett's favor effectively. Even normally Prude Rose, was whisked into a conversation with my mother and enjoying it. Finally her eyes rested on my husband and she grinned and leveled her head to look him in the eyes. "Now Edward. I trust you are keeping Bella happy? I mean it's obvious she is happier than a clam, but I want to hear it out of your mouth." Edward grinned and told Renee on how I was the joy of his life and my happiness was his one true goal. Renee swooned as the hopeless romantic she is and nudged me. "What a keeper, eh?" she whispered to me, not knowing that the whole room had heard. Once she had a conversation with everyone present, she looked at frowned and spun around and danced to the kitchen area. Esme had told her to say as long as she liked and to make herself comfortable here. My mom turned down spending the night- not because she was scared, but because she and Phil were already booked in a hotel in Port Angeles. "Mom." I said knowing she'd hear me. I rolled my eyes knowing that she hadn't changed in the less! "You know you cannot be made forever!" Renee looked at me, and then snorted. I frowned heavily, but Edward managed a tightly controlled laugh. He loved to me all flustered. I shot him a cold look before stepping up to my mom. "You know- you really should not have showed up with permission." I say. She didn't answer me. "I was looking out for you, by avoiding you. There are things mom- things I never want to put you through. Things in my life that humans…I mean you…cannot…." I trailed off unable on how to say it. Renee looked at me and hugged me again. "Oh Bella! Will you ever be young?" she ask me and despite my rage I laugh. My mother smelt so good that my throat started to itch, but more so there was another feeling: Love. Not the blazing desire like with Edward, but the motherly love only we could understand. "Bella. It's ok. I promise, you will be safe. I will be safe. I wouldn't want to ruin your joy, but I had to see you. Even if it was once more…" she hugged her tighter and I carefully held my breath as I nuzzled in. The feeling of a mother's embrace gave me a thrill. She pulled back and looked at me smiling. "So this Charile was confused about." She joked. I smiled back as she started to talk to me again. For one idle second, I wasn't Bella Cullen. I was Isabella Swan back in Phoenix Arizona. However as if on que, my little peace was broken when a very heavy footed Jake walked into the house. "Hey! We are home! Got any food?!" she ask in a noisy voice. I hissed at Jake, but Renee didn't notice. "Jacob Black! Is that you. My god! I haven't seen you since you were in diapers! My