Coffee Shop AU. Trying my hand at some Solangelo (Will x Nico )... In this they are both nineteen, making Jason, Percy, Annabeth, Piper and Reyna are all twenty-one, Frank, Hazel are only eighteen, and Leo is twenty. Jason is bisexual for purposes of the plot - Trust me when I say Will x Jason wont last long. It won't. I just wanted angst and drama.. Sorry? I have plans. Lots of plans. *coughs* anyways, I'll get back to writing my other fic - Emphasis - eventually. I just needed a change of pace for a second. I really needed a fanfic where Nico wasn't some weak, docile, completely submissive bottom. Not my style, but that isn't saying Nico won't have any weakness... Anywhore, before I start on a rant I really hope everyone enjoys this fanfiction. I know I'm excited for it. Most likely there will be rotating point of views, probably Will and Nico. Disclaimer: I own none of the characters, they all belong to Rick Riordan. Please comment and review! My thanks, Enjoy! "The truly scary thing about undiscovered lies is that they have a greater capacity to diminish us than exposed ones. They erode our strength, our self-esteem, our very foundation." ― Cheryl Hughes Nico could still remember the day he'd met William for the first time. It had been a stupidly hot outside, mid-summer and already Nico was craving the cool winter air. He was no fan of winter in itself, autumn was more his thing, but any cool weather would be better than the hot beating sun. Nico stood in front of the rotating fan, the coffee shop he worked in was an outdoor one, their manager Chiron insisting that they always leave the doors to the small patio open. Café Half-Blood was the name of the shop, not that Nico could understand what had brought about such a terrible name, anything was better than Half-Blood. It made them sound like some sort of cult. He probably fit the part of a cult too, more than once in his life he'd had people stare a little too long at his piercings. At the thought he reached up to fiddle with the silver stub through his right eyebrow. Nico sighed in relief as the fan turned his way towards the counter, the cool air played with his dark hair, cooling the sweat he could feel beading on his body. He could go for a nap right now; Jason was due to come back from his break any second to help Nico. Not that there was anyone in the café, most people seemed to have taken to the indoors, staying out of the sun. At that moment he heard footsteps enter through the open door, muffling a pained groan Nico drew himself up off of the counter to his full height - which he was proud to say he could now look both Jason and Percy in the eye (nearly), they didn't tease him about his height anymore, mostly just his own scrawniness. The stifled groan quickly became a sharp inhale as Nico watched the customer look around nervously before turning to smile at him. Said customer was hot. Not just sweating hot, but gorgeous hot. Nico was ignoring Golden Boy's choice of style - poorly matched bright shorts with a bright florescent orange top - and instead found himself openly ogling him from head to toe. Toes peaked out from flip flops, and gorgeous length or finely muscled tanned skin stretched before him. Nico absentmindedly wondered if the temperature had suddenly increased in the room. Golden Boy bore a resemblance to Jason, gold hair and bright blue eyes, but where Jason was well-muscled and borderline bulky, Golden Boy was a lithe sort of muscled. His skin was also darker, a shade that someone only could achieve when they spent years out under the sun. He also had (adorable) freckles and was missing the scar on his upper lip that Jason had earned in his high school days. Golden Boy's smile was also nicer - not that Nico would ever disclose this to anyone. It took Nico a whole second or two to realise that said Golden Boy was staring at him intently with wide blue eyes, that smile attached to his face. Nico also took note, with some satisfaction, that he was slightly taller than Golden Boy by the slightest inch. Forcing some sort of a smile - which he suspected was more of a grimace - on his face Nico spoke, "Sorry, how can I help you?" He tried to sound enthusiastic about his job, but found his gaze unable to tear away from deep blue eyes. "Ah," Golden Boy said, looking around the café and then peering behind Nico as if he was trying to find someone. "Sorry I just-" He shifted from foot to foot, his top teeth catching his lower lip. Nico's thoughts strayed again, wondering if Golden Boy was single and if flirting would potentially get him anywhere. He hadn't been on a decent date in years and Golden Boy didn't seem the type to be too rude if he got hit on by a guy... "Is Jason around?" "Jason?" Nico said, his hopes of flirting and dates plummeting down into his stomach. Why would this guy be looking for Jason...? A sudden thought occurred to Nico and his shoulders slumped. "You're Jason's boyfriend I guess, Will is it?" Golden Boy - or Will's, smile brightened, if that was even possible. "Yeah! I am actually; he said to come meet him for his break today." Nico narrowed his eyes. "Jason is on is break right now, he should be coming back soon." His tone was a little sharper, a little harsher than he had intentionally meant, but - to his annoyance - he found that Will's smile didn't even waver. "I missed it?" Will said, leaning forward on the counter. "Oh well, I guess I'll have a drink or something while I wait." Nico scowled. He suddenly found that Golden Boy Will was slightly more unattractive than before. He didn't seem to care that he was late and missed Jason's break, and on top of that Will was taken, which only managed to put Nico further into a sour mood. "What do you want?" Nico asked. Will pursed his lips. "Lemonade?" "Lemonade." Nico repeated his voice flat. He punched the order into the machine. "Size?" "Medium." Once Nico had collected the money from Will, who had tried to get a discount much to Nico's annoyance he turned to begin making Will's lemonade. Will watched him as he worked, and Nico was all too aware of the others eyes following him as he moved. He shot a glare over his shoulder, and was only met with Will's smile. "Does Jason always have his break now?" Will asked. Nico nodded as he passed Will the drink, the cool condensation from the glass leaving water on his hand. He wiped it off on his shirt. "Normally, yeah." Will's lips pursed around the straw in his mouth; he took a deep sip, and the loud slurping noise that followed made Nico wince. "He must have gotten his times mixed up today then," Will said absentmindedly. He stirred the straw in his drink before looking up at Nico with a large smile. "So, Nico, tell me about yourself. Jason's mentioned you a few times to me, but I want to get to know Death Boy a little better." Will grinned. Nico winced again, his scowling deepening. Death Boy was Jason and Percy's nickname for him back when they'd been in high school together. Hearing the name from Will wasn't something that would improve his mood. He could already feel his shirt sticking to his back. "I'm going to kill him later," He muttered, not only for not mentioning to him that his boyfriend was a ball of sunshine, but also for mentioning that nickname. Will laughed; his head tipping back as he did. "I'd rather you didn't actually," He said. "Come on Nico; don't make me have to force you to play twenty-questions with me." Nico grimaced - something he had a feeling he'd be doing a lot of around Will. "How about no?" "How about yes?" Will countered, smiling from behind his cup like he knew some secret that Nico didn't. "Here, I'll start," He said. "What's your favourite colour?" "I'd really rather not play these stupid games with you." "Mine's orange." Will said, ignoring Nico's comment. Nico dropped his gaze to Will's orange shirt, his brow raising as he pointedly stared at Will's shirt. "I can see that." He felt a swell of pride when Will turned away from him, a hint of red on his cheeks that disappeared almost as quickly as it had come. Will sighed. "I'm guessing yours is black?" "What if it's hot pink?" Nick offered, leaning on a counter behind him. Silently he prayed for Jason's return, he didn't like questions. Especially questions about himself. "Is it?" Nico rolled his eyes at Will's surprised but hopeful expression. "No, really, did you think it was hot pink?" "It could have been," Will said. "My friend Connor's favourite colour is pink." "Well mine isn't." Nico said, tugging at the collar of his shirt in discomfort from the sweltering heat, he found it aggravating how Will seemed unaffected by it. "What is your favourite colour then?" Nico glanced towards Will. "Blue." Will grinned, and Nico's eyes narrowed dangerously. "What's with the creepy grin?" "Nothing," Will said, though he was obviously unnaturally pleased about something. Nico scowled. "It can't be nothing if you look like your smile is going to spilt your entire face apart." "Whose smile is splitting their face apart?" Nico breathed a sigh of relief as he heard the new voice from behind him. Turning slightly Nico scowled at his friend who had just strolled out from the back room. "Jason, thank god you're here." Nico said. "Come put a leash on your boyfriend." Jason cocked an eyebrow, his blue gaze drifting to from Nico to Will. "Kinky." He said, strolling over to lean across the counter and give Will a quick kiss. Nico glanced away as he did, feeling as if he was intruding on a private scene. "You up for it Will?" Jason asked. Will, to his credit, had the decency to flush a flattering shade of red to his boyfriends teasing question. His lemonade was still trapped in his hands before Jason leaned over and plucked it from Will to take a sip. "A leash?" Will said, and Nico snorted. Jason turned to look back at Nico, his hand moving to push his glasses further up his nose as he handed the drink back to Will. "Nico hasn't been bothering you has he? He gets nasty when it's hot outside. Messes with his Bad Boy outfit." Nico scowled. "There's nothing wrong with skinny jeans during the summer." "Except that they're painfully hot." Jason pointed out. Will glanced to Nico bare legs; even he wasn't able to withstand the heat forever. He'd caved and wore shorts today, much to his agony, his legs were ghastly pale. Even with his best efforts to get into shape his legs were still thin and pathetic with small, fine dark hairs covering them. "Nico and I were making progress," Will said, speaking to Jason. "I managed to get his favourite colour out of him." Jason raised an eyebrow. "Black?" Will laughed. "Blue." They both looked at Nico, who was now feeling uncomfortable with the sudden attention; he shrugged and crossed his arms over his chest. "Black was last week's colour." As Jason's attention was drawn back to Will, Nico let his gaze roam over his best friend and his boyfriend. The differences between the two of them were much more apparent now. Jason fair blond hair was nearly white and far shorter than Will's shaggy cut, Will's shoulders were also slimmer