"That blonde guy has been staring at you since he came in," Johanna pointed out. I snuck a glance toward the corner table where a broad shouldered, blonde guy sat drinking hot chocolate and conversing with a pretty blonde who grinned and giggled her way through lunch. Blonde guy catches me staring and smiled, no smirked then looks away. Vague recognition swept over me, "oh shit," I said as Johanna looked at me puzzled, "Its Peeta Mellark, I know him from high school." "He's fucking hot," she stated matter of factly. I took the empty trays into the back and busied myself with the mundane task of placing glasses and cutlery in the dishwasher. I had agreed to work here part time to pay towards my new apartment during the winter when there was less work at my main job at the national park. My mind drifted back to Peeta Mellark. In high school he had tried to befriend me, but I was kind of a bitch to him. Maybe if I had given him a chance I wouldn't be in the mess I am in right now. Too late to change things, I tell myself. I continue to wait tables and catch Peeta's eye and this time I smile at him acknowledging his presence. Sort of a confirmation that I see and remember him. He looks good, his shoulders have filled out and his hair is neat, curls covering the nape of his neck. He was pretty athletic at school, if I remember correctly he was involved in wrestling. I'm thankful that Johanna is serving their table, I really don't know what I would say to him anyway. I think back to high school where I was sullen and stubborn. My dad had walked out on us when when I was twelve and my mom had been ill for a while in the years following, her mental health had suffered and I found myself becoming the primary carer for both her and my younger sister Prim. Back then I stuck to a small number of close friends and didn't care to make more. My best friend Gale who had lost his dad in an accident was a constant source of protection and reassurance, we were united in our shitty circumstances. Gale is two years older than me, he had left high school as I reached sixteen and gone to a local college to be near his mom and help her with his 3 younger siblings. That left me in high school with Madge Undersee, as quiet as a mouse before you got to know her and a welcome friend who didn't push me to talk or force me to get involved in typical high school shit. Peeta Mellark hung with a different crowd, his father owned a bakery in town and Peeta was known for having the best snacks at school. He was also known for his sports, artistic prowess and good looks. I was sure he couldn't be all perfect, until he started talking to me during lunch one afternoon. "Hey Katniss," he said as he stood before Madge and I. We were discussing the possible contents of the pudding cup, Madge looked surprised and blushed when Peeta interrupted, god knows why, he wasn't staring at her like he was with me. He took a seat across from us, the silence was awkward. "Do you mind if I sit here?" I did mind, Peeta and I had never really talked though sometimes he would smile at me if I caught his eye. Deciding I better say something, I don't agree but state, "I don't own the cafeteria." "No but it's polite to ask anyway." He looks nervous as he starts eating a sandwich. His friends are staring over from their usual table. "I think your friends are wondering why you aren't sitting with them." I point out. I relax a bit, maybe he's had an argument with them or something and needed to sit elsewhere without being obvious and alone. "Yeah probably. I didn't tell then I had plans." "Plans?" I'm curious now, plans which involved sitting with Madge and I for lunch? I didn't even want him to be here, he was drawing unnecessary attention to us. "Well I figured I'd have lunch here so we could talk." "We?" He flushed, his cheeks crimson. It was cute. He made direct eye contact as he said. "Well I figured I should talk to you now it's not so impossible." It was my turn to blush now. "It was impossible before?" "No, but your friend Gale was always around and I wasn't sure if he would approve of other guys talking to you." "Well I don't see that it's his business." "Oh." "He's not my boyfriend." I don't know why I volunteered this information. I didn't want Peeta Mellark to even talk to me. "Do you want a cookie?" Madge politely took a chocolate chip cookie from the bag. I just stared at him suspiciously. "Thanks." Says Madge, confusion clearly reads from her face. "So why do you want to talk to me?" Let's get to the point, I thought. "Are you always this direct?" He asked, though it appeared to me he's trying to stall for time in order to explain the sudden intrusion of my daily lunch routine. "Mostly." Madge answered then smiled at me smugly. Fuck her, I thought. "Well like I said, I wanted to approach before but I...I thought Gale was maybe your boyfriend or something..." "Oh I have to go!" 'Madge suddenly announced, "I have to talk to my chem teacher. Thanks for the cookie. See you Katniss." And she rushed off leaving me startled and slightly less comfortable alone with Peeta. "So Gale isn't your boyfriend?" "I already said no." "Ever?" "He's my best friend, what does it matter to you anyway?" I scowled, what was with all the questions. "I thought we could be friends too, well I would like to be your friend..." He trailed off, the conversation didn't seem to be going his way. Should I have been fawning over him and batting my eyelashes at everything he says? I'd seen those other girls, it was pathetic. "You know this is random and a little weird." He laughed, "Yeah...I've wanted to talk to you for a long time I just...I don't know...I would have done it differently but today just seemed now or never." Peeta Mellark wanted to talk to me? For a long time? Oh god. I was slightly embarrassed by his attention and disclosure of...a secret long standing crush? I had butterflies and I inwardly cursed myself for being even remotely excited or flattered or whatever the hell it is. "Who made the cookies?" I asked, attempting to change the subject. "My dad, do you like then?" "They are amazing, I love when a cookie is still soft after being freshly baked." He grinned at this, "So I should always bring cookies." "Always?" Had he intended on doing this often? "Well I figure if you are talking to me you might even have lunch with me tomorrow." I thought it over, it was lunch in a cafeteria full of people from our classes and he had cookies, he surely could not have had many expectations of me. But then I really did not need any more friends and I certainly did not want to encourage his attentions. "I'm not saying we," I emphasised the we, "can have lunch together, but I'm certainly not stopping you from sitting with Madge and I." He grinned again and started talking about music and food and I found myself staring at his blue eyes, intrigued as to why he even wanted to talk to me...liked me. I could feel eyes on us both and I'm sure there were whispers. And that's how it started, Peeta Mellark ate lunch with Madge and I every day. Eventually he worked up the courage to ask me to hang out outside of school. "I can't, I have plans weekend." It was true. "Oh," he looked disappointed, "Another time maybe?" "Maybe." He looked hopeful and I felt bad about saying no. I found I liked Peeta Mellark the more I got to know him. He wasn't the typical sports loving douchebag I had come to expect and he certainly didn't force us to engage in his conversation. Though Madge and I appeared to find it easy to talk to him. He was surprisingly charming. True to his word he brought cookies and sometimes even cheese buns which he would split with me for lunch. They were amazing. "Can I at least drive you home?" "You have a car?" I had only ever seen Peeta within school, I had never noticed him arrive or leave. "Well it's my brothers car but he lets me use it sometimes." He smiled sheepishly. Gale wasn't able to pick me up today because his sister had an appointment with the paediatrician. "I guess, but don't you live on the other side of town?" "That's the beauty of a car Katniss, you can drive all the way back." He was mocking me. A cheeky grin on his face. There were those butterflies again. I hated the lack of self control I had over myself around him. "Then yeah." We got into his brothers beat up car and Peeta started the engine. The radio blasted and he reduced the volume, his hand skimmed mine as I tried to buckle my seatbelt. I stared straight ahead uncomfortable with the close proximity. My hand tingled where he'd skimmed my flesh. One of us had to break the silence. "I could give you a ride to school whenever..." He trailed off. "It's fine I walk in the mornings, I like the fresh air and after school Gale picks Madge and I up most days." "Oh. Well we should swap numbers just in case...you know in case you change your mind or Gale can't pick you guys up." He handed me his phone and I entered my number obligingly. "Well thanks." I watched as he wiped the palms of his hands on his jeans then continued driving. I wondered if he was a nervous driver. "Are you sure you are a competent driver?" I half joked. "Err yeah, I'm just...you make me nervous." "Nervous? You?" I scoffed, you never seem to have a problem with talking to people." "Not people Katniss, just you." He sighed almost as though he was frustrated at something. "Why do I make you nervous?" I knew deep down but part of me wanted to hear him say it. "You know why." "All I know is that you always wanted to talk to me and you didn't because of Gale." "Katniss are you really going to make me do this." He pulled up outside my house, I never even considered the fact he got here without direction. "Do what?" I asked innocently. He stared straight ahead, his hands gripping the wheel. "Tell you that I like you. That I can't stop thinking about you and I can't figure out if you like me too or if there's even a slight chance you would consider going out with me." He didn't look at me, just continued to stare at the bonnet of the car. "Peeta I..." I hadn't thought this through, hadn't thought far enough ahead to what my response would be. "I don't date." Was all I could manage. "Can't or don't want to?" He asked. "Don't want to." We sat in an awkward silence for what felt like a lifetime. "Do you think that could change?" He sounded hopeful and I felt like a terrible person because I was too pessimistic, too damaged by my parents to even consider ruining anyone else's future. "I don't think so, not anytime soon." "We can still be friends." It sounded like a question. "Of course. I'm sorry Peeta." I don't want to leave it like