Hi all! I have returned! *g* Technically, I'm not supposed to be posting this, as I've decided to have a rule about not posting an unfinished story. But--I've decided to bend the rules and give it to you anyway. I think I'll manage to finish the last couple of uncooperative chapters before it's time to post them. I'd tell you how many chapters there are, but I don't know yet. I've also come to the rather painful decision that I'm going to post every other day. *winces* Even saying it hurts. Of course, that is subject to change if conditions aren't met: namely, if I don't get reviews. I'm not gonna bust my butt to get chapters up if I don't know people are enjoying them, and two--everyone knows this one: if I don't have enough time. Schedules have a nasty habit of changing, so it may push a chapter back a day or two if something happens, but I shall try to be diligent and prompt. Um . . . Can't think of anything else, so that makes all for the pre-story notes. *g* Title: Dance of Puppets Author: Maranwe Rating: PG-13, might be higher for later chapters but I'm not sure. I'll warn of questionable material before each chapter. Spoilers: Yes. Lol. Okay, let's see: for False Reality, I think, Of Memories and Nightmares, I know; First Meetings (Cassia and Sio's story) and . . . That's probably it. I think that's it. Summary: Begins about three months after Of Memories and Nightmares. Aragorn and Legolas have been healing in Mirkwood, and the twins, Elladan and Elrohir, have been trying to keep their mind off their little brother so as not to worry. They accepted a simple errand to that effect and left Rivendell for a peaceful little excursion. The reappearance of a dispised evil grabs the twins and sends Aragorn and Legolas on a race to find them--when they aren't even sure they're missing. Will the unseen hands of fate guide them true? Or are there other forces at work, forces more dangerous than the nurturing hands of the Valar? Disclaimer: They aren't mine. Celboril belongs to Cassia and Siobahn, and I somehow forgot to ask if I could use him, so if he doesn't appear later, that's because I didn't get permission to use him. *winces* But he's their's, and Tolkien's aren't mine, and the only one's that are mind are evil, it seems. Gee, that's nice. No, wait, hehe. Never mind, I found some of mine that aren't evil. Warnings: Violence. Some pretty nasty violence at the end that I blame on holiday stress. *g* Nasty traffic, holding me up. Lol. This story is dedicated to all my wonderful reviewers from Of Memories and Nightmares and False Reality because you all make it so much fun to write. Thanks so much! Last story responses are at the end of the chapter. Review and have fun! Happy New Years! Prologue A cloaked and hooded figure strode quickly through the streets of Corstratveil, a small town with a reputation for being cut-throat, a place where people could go when they did not want any questions asked. The buildings were simple and slightly run-down, the streets muddy and unkempt. The few people outside as dusk cloaked the land glanced at him and scurried out of the way. They did not know who he was, and they did not want to know. The figure's steps were light, almost unnaturally so, as he made his way through the town to a certain building, seeming to almost glide across the ground. It was distinguishable only by its severe disrepair, an air of gloom hanging over the place like a shroud. Without a sound, he turned and pushed through the knobby door into the shabby building. There was little light, and the light there was cast harsh and deep shadows. All wore hooded cloaks, and few paid more than cursory attention to the newly arrived figure, save to mark his passage in case he proved a threat. None would challenge him. No one was ever challenged. That was the beauty of the place. Each person's business was his own. He paused inside the door, his gaze unseen, scanning the occupants of the room. Most shrunk as they felt his gaze, whether they knew why a shiver ran up their spine or not. Only one did not. The dark figure strode over to a small table situated in a quiet corner of the room, secluded from the rest of the occupants by impression if not by a barrier. Deadly power hidden behind flimsy cloth, he crossed the room and saw the figure before him shift uncomfortably. He spoke, "Everything is in order." It was a statement that would brook no denial. The one across from him nodded. "It is, my lord." "Good." Dark, gleeful anticipation sounded in his voice, sending a chill down the spine of his accomplice. "Good. You know where they are?" Another nod. "Sources confirmed their position yesterday. Everyone is in place." "Do not strike too soon, Conyc. It would be . . . devastating if you were to mess up. My Master would not be pleased. You know what happens when my Master is not pleased, do you not, Conyc?" His voice was silky, an anticipatory glee hiding under his words of warning. He would actually enjoy nothing more than to have an excuse to . . . play with the man before him. He swallowed. "Yes, my lord." "When he is not pleased, I am not pleased. You do not want me to be displeased." The man's hands tightened where they rested, betraying his anxious agitation. Silence hung in the air before he found his voice. "They will be ours, my lord." "See to it personally," the dark figure instructed, then he rose. The one before him watched, knowing that any failure of the plan would result in pain for him. As quickly as the figure had come, he was gone, faded away to join with the shadows of the night that had crept upon the city in their absence, inseparable from the darkness that surrounded him. When this was over, the fate of Isildur's heir would be assured, and the elves who harbored him would know his wrath. He had an old friend to show his place. ~*~*~*~*~* Aragorn jerked awake with a gasp. His hand immediately sought out his sword at his side, but his fingers caught naught but the flesh of his hip. Panic shot through him and he sat up quickly, silver eyes darting around rapidly to locate the threat. His mind screamed danger. But with the coming of wakefulness came the realization of place, and the calming of fears. He knew where he was, knew who he was with, and knew there was no reason to fear. That no one else was in his room only served to enhance that fact. With a hand that shook slightly from reaction, he pushed back his unruly hair, and his eyes automatically sought the balcony that hung off his room where heavy curtains were drawn across the entrance, moving slightly with the strong wind that battered them. Tossing back the fabric that covered his legs, he swung them over the side and moved to his feet, slowly pulling a quilt around his shoulders to ward off the chill as he moved to stand outside. The cold immediately bit through his bare feet, making them ache terribly, but he did not mind, not yet. It was his hands that gave him trouble, but he ignored them, too. The full feel of winter hung over the forest of Mirkwood, the trees bare of their leaves and waving in the powerful bursts of cold air that tossed them to and fro. Snow covered the ground in irregular piles, some also claiming residence on the balcony, and it crunched beneath his feet before melting, the cold biting into his feet before numbing them completely. When he reached the railing, he brushed off some of the snow, watching idly as it fell to the ground, then he turned his gaze to the stars. Thranduil's palace was the only place in Mirkwood where one could see the stars, and the ranger was thankful for the view as he sought out the light of Earendil. What troubled his heart, he could not tell, but a shadow was growing in his mind, speaking of danger, yet he did not think he was in danger. Mirkwood, while not one of the safest realms, was safe enough. And though the elves were not the friendliest towards humans would not harm a guest under their liege's care. King Thranduil himself was perhaps not the kindest elf, but he was far from the cruelest, and the young man knew he was safe in the king's house. That meant the danger must come from another quarter. Immediately, his thoughts turned to his family. Little was ever wrong with Elrond, but the same could not be said of his sons. Elladan and Elrohir were the two most trouble-prone elves, with the possible exception of Legolas, in all of Middle-earth. He had no idea where they could possibly be, but he had the awful feeling that they were in trouble. In trouble, and there was no way he could help. It was that helplessness that hurt the most. He looked back down to his hands, watching in seeming fascination as his fingers traced over the remaining snow on the balustrade, randomly forming a pattern in the snow. There was nothing he could do, and he would have to trust that they would be well. Sometimes that was hard, though, because he worried about his brothers just as much as they worried about him. A frown hung about the corners of his lips, his eyebrows drawn together in consternation. Why were bad things always happening around him? Why could he not keep his family and friends safe? Why, no matter how hard he tried, were they always in danger? Why did he have to have a heritage that would never let him escape it? Why was he always getting injured? Why was he edain, weaker, vulnerable? Why did everything have to be so complicated? He snorted and shook his head, adding one more question to the list of questions he had: why was none of this new? They were all old questions he had yet to find answers--satisfying answers--to. The answers he did have calmed him none at all. Most of them could be summed up with a simple phrase, the answer inherent in his identity: Isildur's heir. With a tired sigh, he pulled his arm back and clenched his fists in the soft fabric around his shoulders, drawing it closer to him, forcing his fingers to bend and tighten around the fabric. It was galling that that which he did not want, he could not get rid of, but that which he wanted he could not achieve. He shivered as the cold seeped in through his feet and cut through the light elven material around his shoulders, a fine trembling that was not held even from his lips, and he could hear his teeth chattering lightly but uncontrollably. He clenched his jaw shut, but that did not stop the shivers that wracked his frame. "Are you trying to get sick, human?" a voice demanded from behind him. The ranger turned, looking back at his friend of several years. The elf prince hovered just past the curtains dressed simply in a light pair of pants and a loose long sleeved shirt. His hair was pulled back from his face simply, loose from the braids he usually kept them in. For all that he looked sleep disheveled, Aragorn would have been hard pressed to say his friend had actually slept. "Are you making these late night visits a habit?" the young man shot back, arching an eyebrow expectantly. Legolas smiled and walked the