Premise based loosely on the show Workaholics, situations based on my experiences in the weird hippie/corporate cyclone that is the Silicon Valley tech industry. Check out my Tumblr (nachodiablo) for my headcanon castings (tagged Palo Alto). A million thanks to my betas (real-live-lycanthrope, mirgaxus, and whenifeedthetree on Tumblr) who are truly awesome writers as well! I'll be aiming for an update every Sunday. Thanks for reading! Monday, March 10, 2014, 7:00 am Sirius groans into his pillow as the alarm on his phone screeches loud enough to shatter glass. Or at least loud enough to shatter his throbbing brain into a million pieces. After four tries, he is able to silence the alarm as he lies on his back, rubbing his eyes and surveying his surroundings blearily. He's in his own room, which is good. James is lying in bed with him, his head at the foot of the bed, his dirty feet shoved into Sirius' face, which is not so good, although not altogether unexpected. "Prongs. Time to get up." Sirius digs a fingernail into James' heel, making him shriek as he kicks towards Sirius' nose. "Fuck, Pads. S'not time to get up yet, we only went to bed a few minutes ago." James is hanging halfway off the bed, groping around for his glasses, his hair sticking up wildly. "Ugh. Every Sunday, Moony warns us that we should take it easy, and every Monday, I curse us for not listening to him." He groans, stretching a bit. "Damn it, Pads, how old is this fucking mattress? Worse than sleeping on a garbage bag filled with packing peanuts. Should've bunked with Moony. One of the Prewetts was entertaining a guest in my room last night. Might have been both Prewetts, actually. Might have been five Prewetts." Sirius fumbles at his nightstand for a hair tie, pulling his long, tangled locks into a messy bun. Spotting a glass of water, he grabs it and brings it up to his lips to take a sip. "I'm parched. My mouth is like a desert. A desert that's caught on fire. In the middle of August. On the sun." "Pads, that's not water, that's vodka, I think." "Even better." Sirius throws back the liquid with a grimace, standing up and stretching. "Come on, get your ass in gear. You take the first shower, I'll wake Moony." Sirius shoves James the rest of the way off the bed, ignoring the curses as he stumbles around his bedroom, rummaging through his drawers until he finds a clean t-shirt to pull over his head. Once he hears the shower water running, he heads out of the bedroom towards the living room. He makes his way over to the sound system, turning on his Spotify and jamming his phone into the hookup, making his way to the kitchen over the rhythmic thumping of N.E.R.D.'s Lapdance. "Morning, Pads. I'm making waffles, do you want some?" Peter is barefoot and shirtless in the kitchen, a bright smile on his face as he leans against the counter filling his vape pen with pot, James' rugby sweats resting snugly around his hips. Sirius scowls. "Why the fuck are you still here? I told you, you need to start sleeping in that stranger-danger van of yours. I'm tired of waking up to your ugly face every morning. And you're not making waffles, you're putting Eggos in the fucking toaster." Peter looks indignant as he passes the pen to Sirius, who takes it with a frown. "They aren't Eggos, dude, they're the organic waffles, with flax seed and stuff. You all need to be upping your omega threes, especially Moony." Sirius rolls his eyes, passing back the pen. "Moony's not going to eat that shit, especially not while he's off his meds. I'll make him his smoothie once I get him up." "Cool. I bought some spirulina powder. You should throw this in, tons of protein, and it's good for autoimmune conditions." Peter holds up a bag of what looks like powdered moss. Sirius throws a hand towel at Peter's face. "I'm not putting whatever the hell that actually is into Moony's smoothie, Dr. Oz. You're so full of shit. Reading the labels on the bulk bins at Whole Foods doesn't make you a nutrition expert." Peter balks a bit. "Hey, I got it from James' acupuncturist. It's legit." "An endorsement from an acupuncturist makes me even more skeptical. The quack probably emptied the contents of his vacuum into a bag, dyed it green, and put a $40 price tag on it. Same as you do with that cutty ditch weed you sell to the high school kids." James comes into the kitchen, a towel wrapped around his waist, his hair wet and bedraggled. "Waffles? Yesssss! You're a treasure, Wormy." Peter drops two waffles onto a frisbee, pushing them over to James along with the syrup and butter. "At least someone here appreciates my mad cooking skills. We're out of clean plates, sorry Prongs." James waves a hand carelessly. "Doesn't matter. Frisbees and plates are interchangeable here at casa de marauders. And disregard Padfoot's tastes. Just listen to this music. Pads, do you ever listen to anything that was recorded in this decade?" Sirius snorts. "I know you're not hating on Pharrell. Besides, Pharrell recorded Happy in this decade. I'll take his old stuff over that, thanks." The song switches to Bear Hands' Giants. "There we go, some Moony-tunes are playing. That's my cue to leave you shitheads here with your cardboard waffles and wake him up." James raises an eyebrow. "You gonna make him his smoothie this morning?" Sirius knits his eyebrows together. "Yeah, don't I always?" James and Peter say nothing as they exchange a knowing look. Sirius punches James on the arm, hard, before stalking out of the room. "I fucking hate you both," he calls over his shoulder. Sirius does not like it when James and Peter speculate on his relationship with Remus. He's Remus' best friend. He's the one who takes Remus to the doctor and sits with him while he's waiting to get his blood work done. He's the one who drives Remus to his vegan meetups, since Remus does not have a driver's license. He's the one who lays his head in Remus' lap when they watch horror movies so that Remus can run his fingers through Sirius' hair, yanking on it during the particularly gory and scary parts. It's almost as if they're dating. It's all the best parts of dating, really. Except they definitely are not dating. And they won't ever be. Because if they were to start dating, then they'd have to discuss … the other thing. The thing that Sirius doesn't discuss with anyone, because it's none of their fucking business, and besides, it doesn't make any sense. Not even to himself. Sirius slides silently into Remus' room, even though he knows Remus has to be awake by now. There is no sign of movement from the lump of blankets in the center of the bed. Sirius sits down gently next to the lump, resting one hand lightly atop the pile before he begins to viciously poke at it with his fingers. "Moony, time to get up. You taking a shower? If so, you'd better hurry up before I use all the hot water." "You know you don't bathe, you mangy mutt." Remus' words are muffled beneath the blankets. "It can't possibly be time to get up yet. I just went to bed five minutes ago, lulled to sleep by the dulcet tones of a Prewett orgy in Prongs' room." Sirius wrinkles his nose. "Fucking gross, Moony. C'mon, I know you're cranky, but you'll be even crankier if we're late." "We're late every day." "And you're cranky every day." Sirius pulls Remus' covers off with a flourish, causing Remus to throw a pillow at his face before stretching out on the bed, grinning and running his hands through his tight curls. "Fine, I'll get in the shower, but I'm using that fancy bath jelly you got from Lush." Remus stands up, bending down slowly to touch his toes and wincing slightly as he rolls back up to standing. Sirius frowns. "You feeling okay this morning, Moony? Any pain?" Remus shrugs, a humorless smile on his face. "A bit, but nothing major. I'll be glad when I get the MRI done this week. Hopefully insurance will approve the TNF inhibitors this time. Fucking tired of dealing with those jackasses, Pads. Being off meds sucks." Remus begins rummaging through a laundry basket, looking for a pair of boxers that are clean, eventually pulling out a black pair that Sirius knows are his. He pushes the thought out of his mind, trying not to blush. "Do you need a ride to the doctor this week, then? You didn't mention it. I can drive you, just let me know when it is." The ghost of a smile on Remus' face widens into a genuine grin. "You don't have to, Pads. Stanford med will send a cab." Sirius smirks. "Yeah, but then I don't get out of work. Lily won't give me any shit if she knows I'm taking her precious Rem to the rheumatologist. And we can grab lunch. Maybe stop for vegan cupcakes?" He flashes a winning grin, one he knows Remus won't be able to say no to. Remus sighs, throwing his head back dramatically. "Fine, Pads, you can escort me. But you're paying for lunch. And you're not allowed to ask the doctor if you can have a bag of tongue depressors to bring home." "You drive a hard bargain, Moony, but I accept. Now get your ass in the shower. Your smoothie will be ready to go when you're out." Remus rolls his eyes. "I'm capable of feeding myself, Pads. But thank you. I don't know how you manage to get the fruit-to-greens ratio so perfect. Mine always taste like grass clippings." Sirius bites his bottom lip as he tucks a stray lock of hair behind his ear. "No worries, Moony. We all have our own gifts. Blending kale seamlessly into a smoothie just happens to be mine." He turns and saunters back to the kitchen, where he begins rummaging through the fridge, ignoring Peter's babbling about some girl he was talking to last night as he tosses vanilla soymilk, kale, banana, mango, hemp seeds, and almond butter into the blender. Partition by Beyonce kicks on through the sound system, and James glides out of his room, wearing only plaid boxers and socks, gyrating his hips as he sings along. Sirius pretends not to notice. Feeding James' constant thirst for attention only makes it worse. He continues to pretend not to notice when Peter begins to lip sync along, doing some sort of weird raver moves that make him look like he's being electrocuted. He can't keep a straight face, however, once Remus rolls out of the bathroom, in a white tshirt and Sirius' boxers, and begins grinding exaggeratedly with James, his natural grace making the ridiculous moves look beautiful, if a bit stiff from his illness, as he grabs the vape pen from Peter and inhales, not missing a beat. Remus relaxed and laughing is a sight that Sirius sees far too little of these days, since he's been off his meds. Sirius begins to pelt them with balled up napkins and take-out duck sauce packets as he snickers and mocks their questionable dancing skills. Monday, March 10, 2014, 9:17 am "Is that a parking spot? Fuck, no, it's another Smart car. Why do so many people drive to work when the company gives us free train passes?" James is fuming as he navigates his Prius through the Godric Media parking lot, trying halfheartedly to avoid his slow-moving coworkers walking in the middle of the road. "Maybe they all missed their trains and had to drive in because their roommates threw exploding duck sauce packets at them during breakfast and they