All I Want for Yuletide Is To Be Home By Evendim This is a not for profit work of fan fiction based upon the works of Professor J.R.R. Tolkien. Ancir is my own long established character For Susan W. who requested a Hurin tale at Christmas, for Mthespinner for providing the inspiration, and for loved ones far from hearth and home. ooOoo 13 Ringare, 2988 Third Age, Minas Tirith Faramir II of the House of Hurin, five years of age, and the younger son of Steward Denethor, was curled up on the window seat of his father's Study. He had been placed there by his nanny, a dried out husk of a woman by the name of Nana Elen. That this domestic was in sole charge of the little lord ought to be enough to fetch back Finduilas of Dol Amroth's Shade. From the moment the two women had met they had engaged in a battle of wills over how the children of the Citadel ought to be raised. Lady Fin had demanded the nanny be dismissed, but her husband had gently reminded his hot-headed wife that it was traditional for a nanny to take the family name, and to pass from generation to generation until retirement. Flashback - 2984 Third Age, Minas Tirith "Why, Elen was my own nanny, and have I suffered from the experience?" Denethor said incredulously. "Of course you have suffered by it," Finduilas retorted, "otherwise we would not be having this conversation. I am not some weak-headed little ninny, husband, I do know that our sons never may be as ordinary boys. I have bitten my tongue until it blisters trying not to display…how did you phrase it? Ah, yes, 'undue sentiment' over the lack of actual input I am allowed to make in the nursery, but when I find evidence to the fact that…crone…has been beating our son…why are you smiling? Are you not listening to me? She actually had the effrontery to admit she had smacked Boromir on the legs with a ruler!" "It's a lioness that you are," Denethor said as he drew his wife down to sit upon his lap as he worked by his desk, "all teeth, and claws, and fur raised in a hackle," "Faramir is but six months old, and I do not want that hag left alone with my baby," Finduilas punctuated this statement by punching her husband's shoulder, "…Denethor!" "I shall speak with Nana Elen personally, and order her to refrain from smacking Boromir, shall that serve?" Denethor asked. "No, it shall not serve, for the old gargoyle shall simper, and curtsey, and mash her gums, and then the instant you are gone she shall slither back into her old ways! I warn you, husband, she goes, or I go!" But it had been Finduilas who had gone, taken at the too early age of thirty years and eight, and Nana Elen re-arranged the nursery to celebrate. ooOoo Present (2988 T.A.) Faramir was bored. He had little to stimulate his fertile little mind, for Nana had decreed that little boys should be seen and not heard. He had been sitting without being heard for two hours, and his father was still dictating letters to something called a scribe. Faramir shifted closer to the window pane and, glancing round to see if he was being observed, he breathed upon the horn pane until it misted, and then he drew a stylized horse. Head, body, four stick legs, bushy tail and mane. He then watched it disappear as the mist cleared, almost as though the horse had galloped away. This was better. He had enjoyed drawing the horse. Perhaps now he could draw a tree? Once again he huffed and puffed over the pane, and then he frowned in concentration as he piled triangles atop one another, planted the resultant tree in a tub, and with one fingertip he dotted it all over with imaginary yuletide candles. "Pretty…!" he whispered, and now his throat hurt, for he was trying very hard not to cry as he recalled the beautiful Yule tree that he, and Papa, and Mama, and Ancir, and Boromir had fetched from the Pelennor last year, and how they had watched the model ships float down the Anduin, lit with candles, carrying the prayers and the hopes of their owners to the 'One'. A choked little whimper escaped the child, and miraculously his father heard it. "What is wrong, child? Do you need to be relieved?" "I have to wee, papa," Faramir said and now there was a tell-tale little fidget to back his claim. "Come, then, and be careful when you use the little step," said Denethor, "last time you toppled and bruised your knee." "Did I so?" Faramir frowned, trying to recall falling off the small wooden step placed by the bowl to aid him. "Nana Elen said so," the Steward replied, and Faramir sighed, and nodded in silence before crossing the huge room to the bathing chamber. "Thank you, Tallis, that is all for today, you are excused," said Denethor. The scribe stood, bowed to his lord, gathered the documents they were preparing into a bundle, and left. Denethor wandered to the window, intending to gaze out over the Pelennor, when he caught the last of Faramir's tree as it evaporated from the window pane. "Jhulte la Valista," Denethor named the festival of lights, now almost upon them, just one year ago his beloved Fin had been by his side, and now his life was a desert. "I 'membered to flush, papa, and wash my paws," said Faramir, and Denethor smiled, and raised his hand to pet the child's fox coloured hair when Faramir flinched, and ducked the contact. "Whatever is the matter, child? I was not about to strike you!" Faramir seemed incapable of coming up with a response of any kind, and so Denethor lifted him under the arms and stood him upon the velvet upholstered window seat. "I saw your tree," said Denethor, "it was very good." "Did you see the lights, too, papa?" Faramir was suddenly animated. Common ground at last, recalling a happier time, when their 'Sunshine' had been alive. "I did indeed, almost as pretty as the tree we had in the Merethrond last Yule," said Denethor. "I miss Boromir, papa," Faramir confessed, "and…Ancir…too!" Denethor just knew that Faramir had omitted Finduilas not to upset his father. "As do I, but we discussed this, did we not? How your brother must learn to be an esquire before he may learn to be a soldier, and that when one is sworn to service, one may not run home upon a whim," said Denethor. "Could he not use his horse, then" Faramir replied "if he cannot find a wh… a whim?" "Oh, child, how may I make you understand? We Hurin's have many privileges , and so we must set an example to others, about serving Gondor," said Denethor. "I do not feel prili-veged , papa, I feel sad. I wish Boromir was here, and we could chop down a tree, and fetch the Yule log like always!" "Faramir…!" Denethor began to explain that so much had changed when a knock came at the outer doors, and Faramir's eyes flew towards them, it was time to go back to the nursery, back to his hateful nanny. Denethor noted the shift in his son's demeanour, and made a mental note to pay more heed to the goings on in the nursery. "I came to fetch this young rascal, your lordship," said Elen. Denethor only now noticed how intimidating she must be to so small a child, with her grim face, and her uniform of crow-black bombazine. "Protocol demands you do not address my son as any sort of 'rascal'," Denethor said acidly, "and you shall be pleased to learn he no longer falls off the step beside the lavatory, one less hazard to the child bruising his legs." Elen's eyes narrowed, had she just been put on warning? Her gimlet gaze strayed towards Faramir, and Denethor noted the action. "Go with Nanny, little one, and come again upon the morrow," said the Steward and this, too, was a new development. "Nursery must be kept to schedule," chided Elen and Denethor glared at her with open distaste. "All of Gondor keeps my calendar, madam, see to it my son is fetched to me upon the morrow!" Elen bobbed the shallowest of curtsies, no doubt citing her rheumatism as an excuse for her blatant insolence, and then she took Faramir by the hand and led him away. The only word that described the look upon the child's wan little face was haunted . ooOoo Dol Amroth "We never shall clean this pile of tack before bedtime, Ori," said Ancir, the heir of Forlong of Lossarnach. He and Boromir was of equal ages, both were ten years of age, and both were in training as esquires in the cavalry of Boromir's grandsire, Adrahil, the Prince of Dol Amroth. Ancir paused to push his long copper hair out of his eyes. Golden brown eyes, which Boromir routinely insisted were topaz, mainly because it always fired Ancir's temper. "Now I have saddle soap in my hair; another demerit earned come inspection!" "Even if we did nothing wrong, still we would earn demerits," Boromir opined. "You seem to weather the roughest of treatment without rancour," Ancir sighed. "What cannot be changed must be borne," said Boromir, and that throwaway statement would come to be the credo of Gondor's Captain General in eleven swiftly passing years. For now, it was merely a glib rejoinder by one worn out boy to his best friend upon Arda. "Besides, bullies feed off fear, and so I choose to see them starve." "Does none of this awful situation break you, Boromir?" Ancir was beginning to believe what the Master at Arms fed him daily; that he was weak, and girly, and better suited to the kitchens…as a scullion! "Not the work, nor the training, even the beatings are bearable to me, I have that plodding asinine aspect to my nature that tolerates such abuse, but one thing would break me if 'ere I let it. The separation from my darling little brother," said Boromir, and suddenly the bluster was all but gone, and Ancir saw his friend fighting back tears, and gasping as though choking as his throat all but closed. "Oh, Boromir, I had not thought…here am I bleating about my own misery, when you have that same misery to bear, and the absence of Faramir besides. You shame, me, brother," said Ancir. Brother, well, in all ways that mattered, save blood. Ancir's mother, Lady Gilmith, had died birthing Forlong's only child. Finduilas had fostered him from six months of age, and Ancir had become an appendage to the Hurin family from that time onwards. Boromir and he were of the same age, and Ancir viewed Faramir as his little brother. "All things pass," Boromir said shakily, "and so shall this episode in our lives. I know that you are not enamoured of the cavalry as a career, but for me soldiering is all I have ever wanted. I believe it is fitting that I should learn my trade from the ground upwards, for I shall be given the Captaincy-General, and I must not be found wanting when the time comes." "Your father has confirmed this?" Ancir asked in a whisper. It was not an automatic appointment, but the Steward knew a born soldier when he saw one, and his eldest son had first lifted his sire's blade (a full six inches proud of the floor) while yet crawling. "He has, and that is why I must repay his belief in me by bearing this training with fortitude. I am conscious of the honour he has paid me, and I know that by the time I am fit to hold that Office, he shall sorely need me," said Boromir. "You