Twiglet's Tribulation By Evendim This is a not for profit work of fan fiction based upon the works of Professor J.R.R. Tolkien. Brethilas, Thalion, Pharin, Culurien and Emmelin are my own characters. ooOoo For Nantucket Briar His world was perfect in every way, this tiny son of Thranduil. He woke to the sound of singing, pouring forth from the fairest elleth in the entire Greenwood, his beloved naneth, Thranduil's queen, Pharin. His name was Legolas, ' green leaf' , but he had been fondly dubbed 'Twiglet' by the king, who had labelled his youngest son: 'The smallest branch on the Greenwood family tree… twiglet .' Twiglet's days were filled with love and devotion by the beauteous Pharin. She would not permit the servants to attend this precious little elfling. Five fair sons she had borne for the Greenwood, but this her youngest son, her darling green leaf, this one was hers to rear, for the succession was secured four times over, and the yawning age gap between this little one and his four elder brothers made it possible for Thranduil to indulge Pharin's maternal instincts. Time was their ally, hers and Twiglet both. Or so Pharin thought. The day had dawned much as any other day. Beyond the caverns of the subterranean palace the early morning mist draped, veil-like, over the land. The woodland creatures scurried to and fro, fetching food for hungry offspring, as did Queen Pharin, for Legolas had a grumpy expression upon his fair little face, a sign that he was feeling hollow, and expected to be fed. Her majesty was not reduced to foraging though; she simply took her place at her husband's table and settled their little son by her side, preparing to break their fast in the vast dining chamber, in company with the entire court. "Yonder," said a blond elf of many years standing, for the elves displayed their longevity in the wisdom couched behind their eyes, "is one ravening little squab!" "Hush, for your voice carries, Thalion," replied Brethilas "like the tread of a troll within an empty cave!" Thalion, one time principal healer of the Greenwood, now numbered in the army of the king as his breakfast companion's Adjutant, sniffed expressively and replied: "One speaks as one finds, and that diminutive elfling could eat both of us under the table." "Do I scent a wager upon the wind?" Brigade Commander Brethilas, younger of the two ellyn, but senior in rank none the less, asked. "Likely the squab has just expelled… wager , eh?" Brethilas saw a crafty look steal into Thalion's opportunistic mind, and knew the bait had been taken; hook, line, and sinker. "If you should be proved correct, I shall polish your entire collection of Noldorin daggers," Brethilas vowed. "That is no mean feat, and I freely admit I personally detest the chore. In the unlikely event of my defeat, what forfeit must I make?" Thalion was merely jumping the requisite hoops. Mentally he was already passing the odious metal polish to the innocent by his side. "You shall clean my tack until I may view my fair visage reflected in the mithril chasing," said Brethilas as he casually inspected a hang nail. "I loathe cleaning tack even more than I loathe buffing my daggers, however, I accept your challenge, for I never have seen that squab so hungry of a morn," Thalion chuckled. "Your word is your bond, o ancient one," said Brethilas. "What do you know that I do not?" Thalion asked of a sudden, his brow almost creasing as he swivelled his blue eyes hither and thither, seeking some departure from the normal household routine. "What a suspicious old war horse you are mellon nin ," Brethilas chuckled. Meanwhile, at the king's own board, Queen Pharin was nervously twisting her napkin as the butler, Galion, personally supervised the serving of the ruling family's break of fast. Today was the day that saw the withdrawal of the elfling's customary bread and milk. How would Legolas take to regular oatmeal? Even laced with honey…? Pharin rubbed her temples in anticipation of a squall! Thranduil, knowing every nuance of his beloved queen, placed his be-ringed hand upon Pharin's own cool one and asked: "What ails thee, sweeting?" "Legolas…he expects…well, not oatmeal, I fear a tantrum hervyn ," said Pharin. "Do you recall Aranhil's first introduction to oatmeal?" Thranduil mused. "He bit Galion," the queen said ruefully. "Over the intervening centuries Galion has… leathered …somewhat. Legolas with his missing front teeth poses no serious threat to our butler," said Thranduil. Naturally, the king had not intended the usage of 'our' to include Pharin; he was simply exercising the royal prerogative; Thranduil, autonomous, regal, and utterly un-assailable in his kingly authority. "Say it not!" Pharin groaned. "He has…spirit…I see much of my father in our youngest. Fortunately, he has been gifted with Oropher's better attributes," Thranduil opined. "Naneth…what is thith?" Legolas asked as he peered into the bowl of oatmeal. "It is oatmeal, little one. Shall you have some syrup to sweeten it?" Pharin kept her cool despite the growing squall. "I has bread and milk, Naneth!" Legolas wailed. "Hmm, oatmeal," said the king, "…yum." "Why is Adar telling fibs, Naneth?" Legolas enquired with a fierce glare. "Adar adores his oatmeal, come, eat," coaxed Pharin. "Legowas wants his bwead and milk!" "Legowas… Legolas …shall eat that which is set before him," Thranduil decreed. "We command it!" Brethilas smirked as he leaned towards his companion and whispered: "Ensure you get all the saddle soap off the reins. One abhors the way it feels against one's hands." "Why you…! You knew. You had prior knowledge of this. I shall have my revenge, have no fear," Thalion vowed. "Legowas hates the nasty oatmeal," percolated from the elfling seated at the table opposite. "Bright, shiny, mithril chasing," Brethilas sighed, "does make such a good impression." "My boot shall make a better impression," growled Thalion, "once seated deeply into your backside!" "Sour grapes," Brethilas accused as he daintily supped his oatmeal. ooOoo It was a relief to be out of doors, given the trial that breakfast had become. Pharin straightened her back, and shook her head to free her long, trapped, blonde hair after such a vigorous gallop. Seated before her upon her saddle, little Legolas was clasping tightly at her hands. He had taken to riding like a duckling takes to water, clinging fearlessly to his mamma as she sent her feisty mare over terrain that challenged even the most proficient riders. The little prince was tugging at the sleeve of her grey suede riding habit. "'gain, naneth, ride fast again," he pleaded. "Lasbelin must rest, she is regaining her breath. Remember what your Adar told you, elfling, that a good rider always cares for his mount above himself," Pharin gently rebuked her son. "It is such a beautiful day, Twiglet, such a beautiful day, my little son. Shall we pick blackberries for a pie?" "Ooh, wets!" Legolas lisped. No matter how many times he did this it still reduced Pharin to laughter. Oh, what a difference those two front teeth would make when they finally emerged. "Down you go, let me lower you to the ground. I have a gather sack in my saddle bag, large enough for the berries we shall need to bake our pie," said the queen. "Shall we save some pie for adar, too?" Legolas enquired. "Of course," said Pharin, "your adar adores blackberry pie." "Much more than he 'dores oatmeal," Legolas muttered. "One cannot eat one's favourite food at each and every meal, little elfling," Pharin chided. "Why?" "Because one would become bored with one's favourite food, and besides, plain fare never hurt any elf," Pharin explained. That dreaded word 'why' had reared its ugly head, soon to be followed by its close relations, when, where, and who, no doubt. Had the royal couple's other four sons been so inquisitive at this stage in their development? Probably, but had she shown them the unerring patience that she showered upon Twiglet, of that she was less certain. Legolas sensed this was one debate he simply could not win, and so he let the topic slide, and took up another in its stead. "Naneth, Falion says that when Legowas is big enough he will go to a place called…uhm…Rivaldell. Was Falion telling fibs?" Pharin stopped in her tracks, disturbed that the tradition of fostering had been broached out with the elfling's family circle. Gathering her scattered wits, she composed a reply that she hoped would mollify her anxious little son. "Falion… Thalion …ought not to fill your little head with such tales," said the queen. "But did he tell Legowas fibs?" "When you are older, when your Adar decides the time is right, you will go on a journey to a land called Rivendell ," said Pharin. Rivaldell! Oh, wait until she next saw that lunatic Thalion! If Legolas were to repeat such a witticism to Lord Elrond…! Aiee…! "I is going on a 'venture?" Legolas was beginning to see this frightening development in a new light. "I am going on an adventure, Legolas," Pharin corrected. "You is going too, naneth!" Legolas was bouncing on the spot from excitement. "No, no, you misunderstand. Blackberries," the queen was downcast, she had been steadfastly ignoring this upcoming separation, but now it had been dragged out of the shadows and laid out before her. The enforced separation from her darling little Twiglet was an ever present spectre at Pharin's feast. The time was not yet upon her, but all too soon she would be parted from this little leaf, and her heart would surely fracture. Unaware of the effect his revelation had wrought upon his mother, Twiglet now set off with the gather sack to seek out a rich seam of blackberries. The elfling was back to his usual irrepressible self, singing some new ditty he had just composed. "Here we is a gavering, underneef the twees," warbled Twiglet. "Valar have mercy," Pharin sighed. "…me and my naneth, picking black-berr-ees!" " Sidh …!" Pharin begged for peace . "Naneth, what is that huge ugly fing watching us from behind the twees?" "No more of Thalion's silliness, Legolas. You really must not listen to that wretched ellon's tall tales!" "Legowas is not playing games, naneth. See the nasty monster behind that twee," the child insisted. "No, no, it is not possible, they never have been discovered this close!" Pharin seized her little son, and hauled him to stand behind her as she drew the short-bladed sword in the rig at her flank and held it outstretched in a defensive attitude. Legolas was now genuinely terrified, for he never had witnessed his mother act in such an aggressive fashion. Instinctively he knew she was protecting him from danger. Behind them, from the forest road, Lasbelin could be heard whinnying as she pawed at the ground, the scent of evil tickling her nostrils. "Naneth, Legowas is fwightened. May we go now, naneth?" Legolas begged. "Go to Lasbelin, if you try very hard, you can clamber into the saddle. She will bear you back to the Palace. Go, go now, if you love me, obey me!" "Leave you here, naneth? Nooo!" the little elfling wailed. "You are a prince of the blood, and so obey your rightful queen. Ride to the Palace and give the alarm. Go now, nin - ion , and remember that I love you!" Legolas sketched a ragged little bow, and then he ran, weeping, to where the chestnut mare stood waiting patiently by the roadside. With great difficulty he hauled himself up into the saddle, a feat he only achieved due to Lasbelin's patience. With one backward glance he committed his beautiful naneth to memory, sensing somehow that he would never see her again, and then he told the mare to go home, and he held fast to the saddle pommel as she took off at speed with her precious cargo. Pharin held