Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of the characters from it. I make no money from the writing/publishing of this story. ... Draco Malfoy stood in the middle of the garishly lit living room and looked out over the party goers with a frown. He glanced up at a clock on the wall and his scowl deepened. His eyes searched the crowd and found the host of the party. He wove his way toward her and then tapped her on the shoulder. "Have you seen Astoria!?" he shouted over the din of the loud hip hop music that was blaring. The host waved her hand impatiently in Draco's general direction without breaking her liplock on the enthusiastic man that was in front of her. Draco huffed and rolled his eyes as he turned away from them to try another patron. "Has anyone seen Astoria!?" he called out, his anger mounting at how foolish he felt at having misplaced his fiancée. So involved in their own frivolity, no one paid him any attention. With another irritated huff, Draco snatched a bottle of booze from the hand of a random passing guest and stalked out to the back yard of the property. "Fucking, stupid Muggle party," he groused as he trudged across the large lawn. "Honestly...I use the loo for two minutes and she disappears." He took several large swigs of the cheap liquor in his hand as he made his way to a dark, quiet-looking back corner of the yard...away from the loud chaos of the party. He plopped down on the ground beside a large, strange apparatus set-up there. He didn't really bother looking at it. "Weirdo Muggle things," he mumbled to himself as he leaned against one of the apparatus's metal legs. He furrowed his brow at the brightly lit house full of people and sighed. He was at a Muggle party. At a Muggle house. In a Muggle neighborhood. Listening to obnoxious Muggle music. Drinking terrible Muggle booze. Pouting to himself as he leaned against a foreign Muggle thing while his fiancée was lost in a crowd of simple Muggle people. "Why in the bloody hell did I let Astoria talk me into this?" he questioned himself out loud. "Because you wanted to make her happy?" Draco startled at the quiet female voice that floated down to him from over the apparatus and he spilled a portion of his pilfered drink down the front of his shirt. "Damn it all," he cursed as he brushed at the wet spot and set down the bottle. He turned and looked upward. "Do you take delight in scaring the wits out of people, whoever you are?" A small laugh answered him and he stood up. "Who do... oh Merlin's saggy arse," Draco said as he recognized the girl lying in the center of the bizarre circular structure. "What the hell are you doing here, Granger?" he demanded as he watched Hermione Granger fold her hands behind her head to gaze skyward. "Nice to see you too, Malfoy. What's it been? Five years?" she said pleasantly, eyes still to the stars above and face glowing in the bright moonlight. "Six," Draco said coolly. "Are you stalking me?" "You'd never have known if I was," Hermione replied evenly as she finally turned her face to him. "Never thought I'd see you again...certainly not at a Muggle party of all places." "This was not my idea," he said sulkily. "And I'd have been quite content to have never seen you again if it's all the same." Hermione laughed. "Still the charmer." "Why are you here?" Draco asked again. Hermione shrugged where she lay. "I am here because I was invited...well...I'm at this party because I was invited. I'm out here lying on this trampoline because I've been reminded that I don't belong." Draco frowned a little. "Trampleen?" he asked, steadfastly avoiding whatever other nonsense she was trying to bring up. Hermione sat up and her sullen expression lifted a tad. "You've never seen a trampoline?" she asked with a mean little smirk. "I'm sorry, I've not made a habit of familiarizing myself with useless Muggle equipment," he said with a defensive sneer. Hermione simply laughed again. "From what I've heard, you don't familiarize yourself with a whole lot of anything beyond what's inside your Manor." "I like things quiet," Draco replied with an annoyed glance back at the house. He wrinkled his nose a bit. "Can I expect the joy of running into the Weasel here as well?" Hermione's shoulders slumped ever so slightly. "No. We don't see much of each other anymore," she said quietly. "Potter?" Draco asked, looking down and brushing at the wet stain on his shirt again. "I'm not here with anyone you'd know," Hermione said as she shifted to kneel on the trampoline. Draco looked up at her as she did so and raised a curious eyebrow at the way the entire surface beneath her dipped and sprung back up as she moved. "What is this tramoline?" Draco asked, eyeing the edge of the circular base warily. Hermione gave him a small smile. "Trampoline. It's something Muggles do for fun. You jump on it." "Jumping for fun?" Draco asked incredulously. "You don't think jumping is fun?" Draco scoffed at her question. "I've only ever jumped when required." "And mostly through metaphorical hoops?" Hermione said with a tilt of her head. Draco narrowed his eyes. "Still like to sound swotty with large words, I see." "I used a large word?" Hermione asked innocently as she steadied herself on the unstable mesh of the trampoline with her hands and got to her feet. Draco turned back to frown at the house. "Damn it, where is that woman?" "Congratulations on your engagement, by the way," Hermione said lightly. Draco looked back up at her and his eyes went wide as she held out her arms to balance and then jumped. She sprung high from the surface and came back down only to rocket back up higher. "Jesus, Granger! Get the fuck down from there! Are you daft?" "Worried I'll get hurt?" she asked idly as she bounced on her bare feet. "And here I thought you never cared." Draco shook his head with an irritated growl. "Just…will you get down? I'd prefer not to be found at the scene of a famous war heroine's death when you break your stupid neck, thank you. Plus you're making me dizzy." "I'm not a heroine. And I think you'd enjoy this," Hermione said simply as she continued to jump. Draco looked slightly queasy and shook his head. "There is no fucking way I'd get on this death trap," he said as he backed a step away at the sight of the springs straining around the edge of the trampoline each time Hermione landed. "Still a coward too then?" she taunted. "Some things never change I suppose." Draco gave her a cold steely glare. "And you still think that blindly plunging one's self into danger without question is the only thing that equates to bravery. Excuse me…" He started to walk away. "I'm sorry," Hermione called out suddenly, halting her legs to bob to a stop. Draco stopped midstride and turned back to her. "What?" Hermione pursed her lips and gave him a quick scrutinizing look. "I'm…I'm sorry I called you a coward. That wasn't fair of me." Draco inhaled deeply and stepped back up to the trampoline. He looked up at her silently for a moment. "Not the worst thing I've been called, I assure you," he said quietly as he leaned forward on the trampoline's edge. "Nor I," Hermione said with a distant gaze at the ground. Draco frowned with a resigned sigh and after a long minute began to pull himself up onto the trampoline. "What are you doing?" Hermione asked surprised as she snapped her attention back to him. "You said I'd enjoy this and I'm having a shite night so…show me what the bloody hell to do before I change my mind," he blurted out in a nervous rush as he struggled to get over the edge. Hermione gave him an uncertain look, but offered out her hand for him to take. "I'm not quite that out of shape, Granger," he said with a hesitant glance at her hand, "I think I can still manage to lift my own legs." He hoisted himself the rest of the way onto the trampoline without help. "Afraid of catching my Mudblood cooties?" Hermione teased as she let her hand fall back to her side. "Don't say that word," Draco said seriously, "and no. The only thing I'm sure to catch for being with you is a whole mess of shite from Astoria. But seeing as how I'm going to give her hell for abandoning me at a Muggle party, I think we'll be even." "Never thought I'd live to see the day when Draco Malfoy would denounce the use of his favorite racial slur," Hermione said making sure to keep her voice friendly. "Yes, well, I never thought I'd be at a Muggle party, standing on a tramampoline at eleven at night with Potter's golden girl either. Tonight's just a whole lot of peculiar. Now are you going to show me what to do or what?" he said as he took a few wobbly steps into the center of the trampoline. Hermione gave him a crooked smile as she watched him inspect the springy plane beneath him by pressing a foot tentatively into it. "First, take off your shoes," Hermione said. Draco raised an eyebrow at her, but unsteadily toed off his shoes and kicked them over the edge. "Now you simply jump," she continued. "Just try to keep away from the edges so you don't accidentally jump off, and to start I would do small jumps. Sometimes these things can propel you pretty high if you go too hard." Draco gave her an uneasy look. "Show me?" Hermione nodded. "Small jumps to start," she said again, taking a small hop to begin a steady bounce where she stood. Draco twisted his lip anxiously as he studied her form. "Go on," Hermione encouraged. Draco sucked in a deep breath and then held out his arms. He took a tiny hop and a huge grin spread across his face when he bounced successfully. "Keep going," Hermione smiled back as she increased the force of her jumps. With obvious caution, Draco slowly began to allow himself to bounce a little higher. "Well, what do you think?" Hermione asked as she watched him wave his arms a bit to keep steady as he landed each jump. "I think Muggles are either certifiably insane," Draco answered with a laugh, "or complete fucking geniuses. At this point I can't be sure." "Then you need to jump higher," Hermione laughed back as she coiled her thigh muscles tightly and rocketed upward. Draco's knees buckled as he hit a bad bounce and he braced himself on all fours as he was jostled when Hermione landed and shot up again. He tried to get up, but found it nearly impossible to do so as Hermione continued to send the tight mesh of the trampoline dipping and springing with her movements. "Will you stop?" Draco called desperately, cringing slightly at the screechy squeaking of the springs all around them. Hermione slowed to a stop. "Sorry," she said as she looked down at him. She stepped up to him and offered out her hand again. Draco glanced up at her and then looked guardedly at the hand. He swiveled his head around to look about the yard as if to see if anyone was watching and then tentatively reached up and took it. He allowed Hermione to help pull him to his feet and then went to pull his hand away. Hermione clasped it tighter. "It might be easier if we jump together," Hermione suggested, holding out her other hand to