Warning? There's Piper bashing in this. The reason I say that is because it is glaringly obvious. I do like Piper's character, but I needed a villian-y person, and she fit the bill. Therefore, your warning here. Other Warning: Sort of Character Death, but not exactly, so don't stop reading just because Jason's a paranoid shit. Dial Tone Jason let out a soft sigh as he felt Piper shifting on his chest. He didn't open his eyes, no need to let her know he was awake yet. He wanted to bask in the feeling of waking up in the middle of the afternoon, his girlfriend laying on top of him. It didn't matter that they had slept on the uncomfortable couch rather than their bed, or that whatever movie they had fallen asleep to was long over. All that mattered was Piper and that neither of them had to work today. How long had it been since they had an entire day together? He couldn't remember. "Jay." Piper kissed his cheek. "Come on, I know you're awake. Your nose started doing the twitchy thing. That always means you're awake." The blond let out a little huff. "Shush...I am sleeping and you should be too." Piper snorted and kissed his lips this time. "It's almost noon and I'm hungry." Reluctantly, he open one eye, only to be met with Piper's blinding smile. "How about I make lunch?" Jason stubbornly shook his head, tightening his arms around her waist. "No. I want to hold you a while longer. We don't get to do this often." "Do what?" Piper tilted her head a bit, making her look every bit like the dove Jason always compared her to. "Cuddle? Sex? Because I'm pretty sure we did enough of that last night." She grinned, successfully wiggling from her boyfriend's arms. "We have all day for that. After lunch, we can do both, again, if you really want." "Please dove." Jason watch as she waved him off, slipping on his shirt before padding her way to the kitchen. He couldn't help smiling. It didn't matter if their relationship had gotten off to a rocky start, with not even remembering how they began dating. What matter was that they were happy now. That's all that ever mattered. Brinnnnnggggg. Brinnnnnggggg. Groaning, Jason felt around until he'd gotten a hold of his jeans, getting his phone from the pocket. "I swear, if Leo is calling me, I'll kill him," he grumbled. Leo knew that this was the only day he would get with Piper, and only Piper, for a while. His best friend should know not to interrupt that for whatever silly idea he had at the moment. Number Unknown blinked across the screen. The corner of Jason's lips dipped as he considered not answering it. But he couldn't do that. Thalia was doing that traveling thing this year with that lesbian cult she called friends and had warned him some of the hotels' numbers she called from might not show up. Letting out an annoyed huff, he answered. "Hello?" There was no telling the trouble Thalia could get herself into. " H-hi. S-sorry for interrupting your Sunday afternoon ." Jason rolled his eyes as he listened to the nervous voice on the phone. He had gotten enough calls from advertising companies to know what a newbie sounded like. Readying to hang up, he parted his lips to tell the guy to fucking off when, " But I'm about to die and I wanted someone to talk to before that happened. " Jason nearly fell off the couch. "What do you mean you're about to die?" The yell got caught in his throat and it came out as more of a harsh whisper. There was a tiny whimper from the other line. Swallowing, he took a breath to calm himself. "What's your name and what do you mean kid?" " S'not a kid ," he muttered and Jason almost smile. Definitely a kid. " Percy Jackson, and my plane's crashing. Everyone's calling someone, but I don't have anyone left. My mom died last year and my best friend...she's getting married tomorrow. I can't ruin that for her. " He sniffled. "Al-alright. Don't worry Perce. I'm sure the pilots are going to do something. You're not going to crash. You'll be there for her wedding." There was a pause and Jason could almost see Percy shrugging. " Probably going to drown; we're heading for the ocean. Ha. I never thought the thing I loved so much would be the death of me ." He let out a bitter laugh. " The water was my safe haven growing up. Whenever I wanted to get away from Gabe, I'd head to the harbor. It was calming ." Jason could almost hear the smile on Percy's face and that caused his lips to twitch upward. "Really? Tell me more about the water. Did you like the fish, too?" " Yeah. I had a little fish bowl when I was growing up; it was always with me. I swore to my mom that the fish were talking to me. They were my only friends for the longest time ." "I've never been much a fan of the water myself, but my ex-girlfriend had these two dogs we used to walk together. We went to a local park and would watch the ducks and coral fish in the ponds all day while the dogs played." At this point, Jason wasn't thinking about what he said, as long as it was pleasant. He would say anything to make Percy's last moments happy. No one deserved to die in terror. There was a smile in his tone as he spoke this time, " Really? I love dogs. I have one back in New York, Mrs. O'Leary. My brother and his girlfriend is taking care of him while I'm at Annabeth's wedding." "That's nice of him Perce." There was a pause. "Uhm, I know you don't really know me, but can you do me a favor? My best friend's name is Annabeth Diana Chase and she's getting married at the San Francisco Jordan Dog Park tomorrow. I know, odd place for a wedding but Annie insisted. Anyway, it would mean a lot of me if you could get in touch with her and tell her I'm sorry for not making it. I'm sure they'll call her once the plane crash goes on the news, she's the first contact on my medical records, but I'd like her to know before. Please ?" Jason's throat tightened. Percy was giving up on life. He didn't think there was any chance of him making it out alive. "Yeah. Of course. Annabeth Chase. San Francisco. Wedding at Jordan Dog Park. I'll get in touch with her today. I promise Percy." His chest felt heavy. "My name is Jason. Jason Grace. See? We aren't strangers anymore." He could almost see the smile Percy gave as he laughed. " I guess you're right about that, Jason. Thanks. I really needed that. You're such a great guy. I bet we could have been great friends in life. " "Don't talk like that! Percy, you're going to live. Do you understand me? Good. Think about all the fun stuff we'll do together once your plane lands. I'll come pick you up from the airport and bring you to Annabeth's wedding, okay? I'll even be your date if you don't have one. We can go to the aquarium afterwards and see all the fish you love so much. Sounds great, doesn't it?" " I wish I had met a nice guy like you before...That sounds great. Can we go to the San Francisco zoo, too? Annabeth always promised to bring me, but things get in the way. " "Of course. Tell me more about your life. Your brother's watching Mrs. O'Leary, isn't he? Tell me about him, or Mrs. O'Leary, or his girlfriend. Whatever makes you smile the most." " Tyson's a great kid. He's all grown up now, but not really. He's still a kid at times and is the best kind of person. Ella's his girlfriend. She's good for him; they're good for each other. Mrs. O'Leary just fits them all together. " Jason closed his eyes and pictured the smile on Percy's face. It warmed his entire body. "I love them more than anything. They're the only family I have left since Mom died. Well, I guess you could be family too. You're putting up with me. Thank you Jason Gr— " Beeeeeeeeeeep. Jason dropped his phone at hearing the dial tone. It was too loud and too long. It was the complete opposite of Percy Jackson's voice and that is what he blamed the tears on. He wasn't crying because Percy actually sounded like a nice guy, or because Percy was right. They could have been friends if they ever met. But that wouldn't happen. The wonder that is Percy Jackson was gone and there was nothing Jason could do about it. All that was left was to find this Annabeth's chick before tomorrow and tell her that Percy couldn't make it. Maybe tell her that Percy was sending him since he couldn't be there? It was cruel not to tell her that her best friend was dead, but obviously Percy hadn't want to ruin her wedding day. Yeah, he could respect the guy's wishes. Even if it involved a little lying, he could respect his wishes. "Jason?" the blond didn't even look up as Piper watched into the room. He heard a clatter of plates then felt the couch dip. Arms wrapped around him. "Baby, what's wrong? Who was that on the phone? Is Leo okay? He didn't do anything stupid and get himself killed, did he?" He let out a choked sob and shook his head. "Leo's fine. J-just..." Jason took a breath. He met Piper's eyes and knew this wasn't something he wanted to put on her. She'd worry about him and he couldn't have that. "Just my dad. He's being a dick and...I got to sort some shit out. Sorry to ruin our day like this." He gave her a sheepish smile. Piper glared and slapped his arm. "Fuck you, Grace. You scared me." Shaking her head, she motioned to the coffee table. "Eat your lunch first. After that, well, they'll be other days." She kissed his cheek before grabbing her own plate. "Yeah, other days," Jason agreed. But not for Percy Jackson, who deserved to go see the aquarium and zoo like I promised. But there was nothing he could do about that so he kept silent. Dial Tone It was almost an hour later when Jason was ready to leave. He had a task ahead of him, trying to find this Annabeth girl. It wasn't going to be easy. San Francisco was a big city and there was probably a lot of Jordan Dog Parks. Plus, there was the chance that Percy had gotten the name wrong. After all, what woman would want to get married in a dog park? "Fuck." Jason groaned, remembering what was so familiar. "Piper? Do we still have the invite from Reyna?" Piper frowned. "Invite from Reyna?" She turned off the shower, grabbing a towel as she walked into their room. "Why do you need something from your ex ?" Jason slowly turned to face her. " Dad . You know how much he likes Reyna. 'Sides, she works for his company. If anyone can calm that man down, it's Reyna." Smiling, he wrapped his arms around his girlfriend. "I'm with you . All Reyna is to me is someone I used to know. Also, someone who happens to work for my father. Calm down." The girl raised her eyebrows. "If you can cheat with me, you can cheat on me," she huffed, moving from his arms. "It's on your dresser. If you go, you're taking me with you, but I'd prefer not