Summary: The village lived in fear of the Nightmare Man, attacking their village youth as he pleased. To Percy, that was nothing more than a legend, even when he had his own encounter with this man, who he came to refer to as his dark angel. Little did he realize, this one encounter would change not only how he saw things, but also fate's plan. Trigger Warning: Minor character death. His Dark Angel Percy jumped back as the curtains were yanked out from around him. Immediately he met his mother's eyes, the deep blues wide with fear. Instantly, Sally snatched her son into her arms, securing the curtains to prevent him from seeing out. "I told you to go to bed," she chided when her boy started to protest. Crossing his arms over his chest, Percy's own green eyes widened and lips poked out into a pout that he discovered was impossible for his mother to resist. "But Mommy! Fluffy ran outside and I want her back," he whined loudly. Sally's lips twitched as if she wanted to frown, but stopped herself from doing so in front of her son. "You know the rules, Perseus. No going out after dark," she warned him. He did know the rules; his mother went over them often. He also knew the reason for the 'not going outside after dark' rule. Apparently, his mommy believed too much in the scary stories his grandparents told about the Nightmare Man, someone who came and killed people in their village on the June and December full moons. Percy knew he wasn't real and he couldn't understand why his mommy insisted on pretending like he was. With that in mind, Percy let out another whine, both in protest and from the use of that hated name. "But Moooommmy, all the other boys are allowed to go out after dark!" He wildly gestured to the window to make his point. Just the other night, Jason Grace and Leo Valdez from a street over had asked Sally if Percy could come outside and go night swimming with them. Obviously, the answer had been no. "Even Annabeth and Silly are allowed outside at night." At the mentioned of Silena Beauregard, Sally flinched and her lips dipped in a frown. That was when Percy knew something was wrong. He never saw his mommy frown unless something was. "I don't know what Annabeth's family is thinking, letting her out," she said, more to herself than her son. Then, she turned those stern blue eyes on him. "Silena, on the other hand, is quite a bit older than you Perseus. She's well on her way to womanhood while you, young man, are barely six. What Silena's family allows her to do...that is their business." Her voice grew heavy and Percy tried to wipe away the tears building up in his mom's eyes. They never fell. Instead, Percy was set down and told to go to bed again. He didn't argue and watched his mother wonder off. She didn't like seeming anything but happy in front of him and that's why he was so worried. Following her, though, would only make the whole situation worse, so he went to his room and tucked himself into his little cot. Sleep didn't come that night as he listened to his mommy attempt to stop her sobs. He couldn't understand why she would cry over hearing Silena's name. She loved Silly just as much as Percy did, often having the older girl watch her son when she had to leave their village for work. In fact, Sally knew Silena was easily her son's favorite person with how much he asked for her. Knowing that only left the five year old even more confused. Meow. That was the sound that made Percy jump out of his bed. "Fluffy?" Hearing more meows, he scurried out of his room and through the house. His mother was asleep, if her even breathing said anything, but he still paused outside her door to check. Once sure that little noises wouldn't wake her, he slipped out the house in bare feet, thinking his shoes would have made too much noise coming in. Meow. "Fluffy?" He whisper-yelled the way children did. Percy saw the ball of white fur dart through the light of the full moon and into the shadows of a building. Not hesitating, he started after his friend. That was when he came. He morphed from the shadows with a set sneer in his flawless features. A mess of black curls surrounded his olive skin and Percy found he couldn't look away from the midnight colored eyes that shone with something the shadows surrounding him didn't have. He resembled a dark angel. For that reason, Percy couldn't find it in himself to be afraid of the beautiful creature. Seeing his kitten in the man's hands only further gave reason why he couldn't fear this being. Then, the dark angel dropped to his knees and held out the kitten for Percy. The angel's voice was smooth like honey as it whispered against his ear, "Lucky child. Never again come out in the darkness, lest you wish to see the true horror of it." The angel was gone as quickly as he came. Heeding his advice, Percy tucked the kitten into his arms and ran back inside. Not once did he associate this beautiful creature with the Nightmare Man in his grandparents' stories. The Nightmare Man was an evil thing who hurt people. This shadow angel gave him his kitten back and said the same warning Silly and his Mom had multiple times before. There as no reason for his mind to make the connection. Sally hadn't questioned why their kitten was on Percy's bed when she checked on him in the morning, only hugging her child tightly to her chest. If he looked closely, Percy could see the tear stains on her cheeks from where she had, undoubtedly, cried the night before. He didn't realized she had already been out that morning, speaking with neighbors, and the tears were fresher than that. Thankfully, her son had not asked to go outside during the night ever again. Unfortunately, though Sally shouldn't have been surprised, when he failed to see her over the next few says, Percy asked why his Silly no longer wanted come over and play with him. To that, Sally did not have an answer and could barely contain her tears. It wasn't until he had grown older that Percy discovered the real reason why Silena had basically disappeared and no one spoke her name anymore. "Went away," they said. Apparently, Charlie went away too, and Michel Yew, and a bully a few years older than him named Drew Tanka. A lot of people around Silly's age "went away" over the next few years and everyone acted as if they didn't noticed. Percy, of course, noticed but knew better than to question it. No one answered his questions, anyway. His Dark Angel When he was twelve, an older boy in school had told Percy and a number of children his age the truth of the oldest legend of their village. Percy had grown knowing him from his grandparents' stories. That's all the Nightmare Man had ever been to Percy as a child, a character in a story meant to frighten him into doing as his mother asked. It had only worked until he meet his dark angel. Hearing the old story after so many years was also when he was finally able to connected the similarities because his dark angel and this Nightmare Man legend. That had made all the fear he had once felt for the evil creature disappear completely. His dark angel was something different, a new adventure. There was no way he was evil, despite what Luke said. The angel had been given the chance to kill Percy, a defenseless child, but instead given sent the child back to bed with his pet. That was not evil. "He likes young men and women best," Luke Castellan told them, Percy barely listening to him. "He doesn't take the elders. There is something about them that tastes different, our people have speculated. He takes someone every six months, always on a full moon"—'like the story of the wolf,' Leo whispered in Percy's ear, to which Percy had promptly rolled his eyes, only to be ignored as usual—"but doesn't hesitate to take another if our village angers him enough. Best you hope the lot of you are lucky." At this point, Luke had smirked wickedly, a strange gleam in his eyes that frightened the majority of them. "When you grow old enough, you'll turn against one another, just watch. Half of you won't make it to adulthood and will die by the Nightmare Man's hand." Apparently, that June, Luke had grown old enough because Percy stopped seeing him after the night of the fully moon. According to Annabeth, the Mayor and his 'goons'—Annabeth's word, not his—had forced Luke from the house kicking and screaming, Ms. Castellan begging them not to as they went. Thinking about it, he didn't see Ms. Castellan much after that, either. Luke deserved it with the way he treated people, especially his mother. Ms. Castellan was probably better off. Considering the nature of thoughts like that would turn his friends against him, Percy kept silent, even as they continued to plague him. It wasn't until he was fifteen that his dark angel was brought to the forefront of his mind again. Until then, he had busied himself with distractions. The dark thoughts had stayed at bay, mostly, until Sally Jackson grew sick and Percy's world was covered in shadows. More than anything, he forced himself to keep up the appearance of a happy teenager for everyone else's sake. Things would be much worse if he lost the few friends he had. It was Annabeth, who had become his best friend after Silena died—because he refused to denying what "going away" really meant any longer, who brought his angel up. Of all the people of their age group, she had been the closest to Luke and it was understandable his death would shake her up the most. Once she had found her cooping method, the blonde girl suggested their little group of friends make a vow to stick together. She, as well as Percy, had observed that it was often the peers who decided whom would be left to the Nightmare Man. If they didn't betray one another, nothing would happen. Everyone had agreed, Percy more to keep up appearances than everything. After all, these people could decide his fate. He couldn't have them thinking he was more observant than he appeared. Years went by and things got better. Sally Jackson overcame her illness and was able to keep a steady job; Percy's father came back in the picture, if only briefly, offering them support. Percy let his guard down and allowed himself to see the world with rose tinted glasses. He discovered, quickly, it was easier to be oblivious to everything bad happening. His angel slipped further away from him along with those dark thoughts that had haunted him for years. His chest felt hallow, but he ignored this for favor of his rosy world. It was just a few months after Percy had turned eighteen when something went wrong. That vow the little group of them hadn't faulted, yet. The problem was, they were the last of their age in the village, the last people of a decent age for the Nightmare Man. Everyone else, the elders had already sent to death. Though, when the elders came to them and told them to choose, they hadn't. Percy was so proud of his friends; they hadn't betrayed one another. Instead, the lot of them locked themselves away on that December full moon and the Nightmare Man didn't kill. Or, that was the story the parents told, but Percy knew