Aromate (Aye-ro-mate) - A soulmate of yours in a friend way. Some swearing later on, not too much, but still, you've been warned. AROMATE "I can't do this" Percy Jackson sighed from one side of the room. It was too early in the morning to be doing this anyways but his best friend, Annabeth Chase, insisted. "Come on, Seaweed Brain. A little bit more and we'll be done" The blonde girl encouraged him. How she thought studying for a test five days early and at 10:30 in the morning on a Saturday, Percy will never know. "We're supposed to be relaxing today" he said and laid down on the mattress, his English book still on his lap, "Saturday isn't really a good time to be doing Shakespeare" "It's always a good time to learn Shakespeare" Annabeth said, made her way over, and laid down next to him. She took his hand and started playing with his little finger, "Besides, we're with each other. It's always relaxing" she added. She's right, he realized. Always right. That's what happens when you have a best friend that's an absolute genius from birth. You tend to lose arguments and be wrong quiet often. Despite all this, he always knew one thing – they were meant to be. "Fine" he grumbled in frustration. Annabeth squeezed his hand and helped him – more like carried his entire weight – so he could sit up. He tried focusing, but 10 minutes later their study session turned into a pillow fight. Annabeth was awakened to the sound of the doorbell ringing from downstairs. She skipped down the stairs as silently as she could, hoping her father wouldn't wake. She knew it could only be one person at this time of day. That's the promise she made with him anyways, to reach out to each other whenever they felt the need to, no matter how small. As she opened the door open slowly, there he was. He was soaked from head to toe. As Annabeth looked over his shoulder she could see the relentless rain outside. Droplets of water fell from the sky nonstop and without mercy. Her eyes then shifted back to the boy in front of her, her best friend. He looked pained, hurt unlike she's never seen him. She knows him better than anyone else in the world, and she knows he doesn't like to vent to her or whine. But she insisted because she wanted to hear what he has to say. She wanted to share her problems with him because she knows he would always insist on doing the same with her. His eyes slowly left the ground and met Annabeth's. No other word was spoken as Annabeth walked over and embraced him. She could feel Percy's back move and his breath hitch as he cried on her shoulder. "Rachel broke up with me" he whispered to her. She gripped him tighter, swaying back and forth on her feet, rubbing his back and calming him down. She tried whispering soothing words in his ear, but she wasn't sure if they were helping. She led him into the house and set Percy on the couch, excusing herself to make some hot chocolate for both of them in the kitchen. "I don't know what I did wrong" he concluded his explanation. Annabeth knew how Rachel meant to Percy. She knew how much love and adoration he gave that girl. He even admitted to her, before he did his girlfriend, that he was in love. "You did nothing wrong. She's just too blind to see how much effort you were pouring into making her happy." "I thought she loved me too" he stated, "what'd she think that could've made her change her mind?" "Seaweed Brain, it doesn't matter what she thought. She doesn't deserve you. There are plenty of other girls out there that can return that same love that you give, that you deserve to get. And once Rachel realizes the mistake she's made she'll come crawling back to you." Percy took a moment to think as Annabeth observed closely. There was a small shift in his eyes, barely noticeable. Annabeth knew she hit the right spot as he gave a small laugh. He wrapped his arm around her shoulders and squeezed her gently to his side. "Why are you right all the time?" he asked. "Because I'm your best friend and I know you" "You're my best friend?" Percy asked in mock surprise, raised eyebrows and all, "And all this time I thought it was one sided" "I don't have a choice, do I?" "How'd you beat me again?" Percy yelled in frustration and surprise. Even through all his years of playing video games, he has never been flustered or scared of anyone. No one's ever managed to push his buttons to make him go over the edge. That was until he made the mistake of introducing them to a certain girl. "I'm skilled" Annabeth said with a smile. "We'll see about that" Percy said with determination. The rest of the game didn't go too brightly for him. He has a reputation amongst friends to be the best player who everyone challenged and no one ever beat. "You know, I should coach your friends, Perce" Annabeth taunted, "Maybe then you won't be undefeated and I could make pretty good money" she added a smile as she looked at the 'Winner' screen. Percy dropped the controller on the ground as Annabeth put her feet on his shoulders. She started moving them, rocking Percy back and forth like a sock in a washing machine from his seat on the carpet below her. "Say it" she commanded him. "Say what?" he asked in mock confusion. He's had to go through this several times before, but this time he was frustrated with himself. He thought that maybe, just maybe, Annabeth could give him an out and show some mercy. "You know what. The longer you drag this out, the worse it'll get" she said and shoved him down to the floor with her feet. She stood up and looked down at him. "Now say it" she commanded again. "No" Percy refused and tried standing up, only to find the same foot that was on his shoulder on his ribs, pinning him to the ground. Annabeth was no weakling, mind you, Percy can vouch for that one. "Say it" she raised her voice and crossed her arms. She tried to pretend like she was angry, but how could she suppress a smile when every single time they play these games together it always ends up the same way? "No" Percy protested and tried standing up again. He made it to his knees before he was tackled down. As he looked up, a curtain of golden blonde hair was covering most of his vision around him. All he could see and feel were the grey eyes of his best friend and her hands pinning his on the floor. "I know you don't want this to happen again, so I have a proposal" Annabeth offered and smiled at him. By the way she did, Percy could tell she was up to no good, "Say these few lines and I won't ever do this to you again" Percy took a moment to think this through. By now he was sure she was trapping him, but what choice did he have? "Whatever, what do I need to say?" he surrendered. Annabeth's grin became bigger than he's ever seen it, "Say you can't beat me" "But I did beat you!" "That was when you first showed me this game! Now say it!" Percy sighed. Again, always right, "I can't beat you" he muttered out as quietly as he could. "Can't hear you, Seaweed Brain" "I can't beat you" he repeated in defeat. "Say I'm a genius" "You're a genius" "Now say Wise Girl is my queen" "Wise Girl is my queen. There. Can I get up now?" Annabeth had a broad smile on her face as she stood up and offered her hand to Percy. "I hate you" "You love me, Seaweed Brain. Don't lie" Annabeth said with her arms around her best friend's waist. "I never said I don't" "Do you think he'll like this?" Annabeth asked with a short, knee length dress in her hands. By the way Percy was looking at her, she could tell he was uneasy. Happy for her, yes, but something about him was different. "You're overdoing it" He said from the seat he took on her bed. "It's my first date, Seaweed Brain. I don't want him to think I'm a hag" "You're not a hag! Don't say that" The boy stood up and hugged her. "You aren't like the other girls at school. You don't have to get in a big fancy dress to look beautiful" "I'm nervous. How was it so easy for you with Rachel?" she asked him. She remembers the time he first asked his ex-girlfriend out. He called her over to help with picking his outfit, just like she did now, but he was calm, cool, and collected. It was like he had years of dating experience under his belt. So now, naturally, she looked to him for advice, because there will never be a better person for her to ask. "It was natural for me, I guess. I didn't have strong feelings for her at first, so I wasn't nervous. Just think of how much fun you're going to have after the first 10 or 15 minutes are over, the jokes you could be cracking in the theater with him. Just have a positive mindset. Don't over think it, because you tend to do that, and everything will be fine. You'll see, just let it happen" "Thanks Seaweed Brain. I'm still surprised you approved of him" she told him. There was small history between Percy and Annabeth's date, Ryan. They aren't enemies but they're nowhere near friends. "If he makes you happy, that's all that matters to me" After a short 10 minutes, Annabeth was at the door wearing the clothes Percy picked out for her; a white shirt, a black jacket, dark jeans and black and white converse. "Do I look okay?" she asked one last time before opening the door. "Stop worrying so much!" Percy said with an amused smile plastered on his face, "The only time I've ever seen you like this is before that architecture test where you used me as your study partner" "I needed someone to help me summarize" she said honestly. At the time, it was true. She realized that the best way for her to memorize the material is to say it out loud. The victim was Percy. They were both in Annabeth's room for countless hours, the girl spouting out random facts that the boy could never even pretend to understand, as hard as he tried. But it was worth it when she came back with a perfect score. "You look great" Percy said as he gave her a small hug. "Go have fun for me" he smiled and went upstairs. Annabeth stepped over to the door and opened it slowly, the brown haired boy on the other side waiting for her with a smile. "Hey" he greeted. "Hi" she answered nervously. "You look great" he added. Annabeth smiled and took the hand he extended to her, "Shall we?" he offered and stepped away from the house with her. Three months in and there were complications for Annabeth. Ryan's been getting more and more distant; most of the time where they were together, she felt like she was being pressured by him, pushed to do things she didn't necessarily want. So she did the one thing she always does when she needs help. "What should I do?" she asked Percy as they held hands, "I didn't even enjoy my first kiss. I don't know if I should break it off or…I'm stuck" Percy's