AN: Hello my lovely readers! Yes, it's me again :) I watched a deleted scene of BD part 2 and thought that Carlisle wouldn't be very pleased about Edwards aggressive behavior towards Jacob in the house - either the coven leader was presented or not! The upcoming day after Bella punched Jacob in full anger and the whole family was watching outside on the porch, Edward couldn't help it, but snickered in a spiteful manner. That is my take of what would've been happen between Edward and his father ... Flames will be ignored ;) and lovely reviews will be answered as always! Happy reading, friends! Enjoy! Love, Vanessa Disclaimer: All of the fantastic Twilight world belongs to Stephenie Meyer! Not mine! Warning: Mention and on-screen spanking in chapter! There is also bad language! So don`t like it – Don`t read it, please! Thanks: A very big THANK YOU to my awesome beta for proof-reading, sorting my errors out and putting in the well needed american slang! You did a wonderful job and I love my little one-shot that way veeeeery much! Edward`s POV Awesome! She actually punched him! My Bella threw Jacob out of my father's house, She sent him flying over the staircase and into the front yard! I was grinning as she ran after him, even as Jacob scrambled to explain himself! Bella was furious! I couldn't help it. I snickered loudly as I took in the scene in front of me. If she didn't beat the crap out of him, I thought, I would do it myself. Not only had he imprinted on our little daughter, the stupid wolf nick-named her after the Loch Ness monster! An ugly monster! I knew that Bella wouldn't like that ... and now I saw I was right. I watched, still smiling, as Jacob landed hard on the forest floor again. Seth leapt in to help him, but was grabbed by my beautiful vampire wife and thrown through the air like a wet bagful of something! He hobbled away, whimpering softly, walking to one of the tree. Leah was at his side in seconds to calm him. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Dad moving, taking one careful step towards the staircase. He was worried about Seth's well-being and I could tell he wasn't amused about the scene playing out in our garden. Relax, Dad ... It's only a wolf! Thank God he wasn't the mind-reader here ... Still smiling, I kept my eyes on Jacob who had finally stood up and was trying to talk Bella down - to soothe Bellas anger. "Edward." My father suddenly rebuked me in his mind. "Can it!" I watched Carlisle's expression carefully! His face showed worry and stress! He crossed his arms over his chest, not amused at all by my erratic behavior. I opened my mouth, but I was not clear what I wanted to tell my father. I grinned widely again, even though I knew better ... "What? It's funny! She can throw him around! She's much stronger than him now!" "Stronger than you too!" My brother Emmett beamed as he stood in the background near our front door. I moved my face towards him and growled softly but in warning. "Shut up, Emmett!" Why is he always barging in? Carlisle shot me a look and spoke aloud now. "I told you to stop, didn't I? ... But if you want to continue, Edward, we can have a conversation in private in the study in a few seconds. Get it?" My eyes grew bigger as I stared at my father. Our whole family grew quiet and watched me instead of Bella, Jacob and the rest of the wolf pack! I cleared my throat nervously as I paid full attention to my Dad. "Oh, come on!" I tried to play it down. "I'm only joking around!" Carlisle nodded once. "And you think it's funny that Jacob is getting hurt ... again?" Again? Why ...? "Ah, sorry? What are you saying, Dad?" He turned to Bella. Without raising his voice he addressed her. "Bella? Could you and Jacob take a little walk with the rest of the family please, whilst I have a necessary talk with Edward?" Whilst? His English accent had surfaced. Not a good sign. My father watched me silently, and suddenly I knew that he hadn't really requested the little walk - he had ordered them to leave! Great ... I will get an earful in a few minutes. Bella looked at Jake, and both nodded. Esme went inside to get Alice, Jasper, Rosalie and Renesmee. I saw in their minds that I looked a bit shocked as my whole family, except my father and me, left our home and slowly walked into the forest. Bella looked back and threw me a worried glance. She wasn't sure what was going on now, but she could feel it wasn't going to be pretty. A few seconds later they had vanished through the trees. I kept my position on the porch as Carlisle slowly stepped next to me. "I am talking and you are listening now." I gulped and listened as he went on in his low but firm voice. "I know that you don't like him and I can see that you'll never be the best of friends! Not now, nor in the future. And I know that his imprinting on Renesmee certainly hasn't done any good for your friendship with Jacob!" "We don't have a friendship-" The sudden burning pain in my backside sent me to my toes! I gritted my teeth, trying not to show pain. I gulped again as I shifted my body and focused on Dad, who raised an eyebrow at me. He was angry now ... "I told you to listen, not to interrupt, right?" Good job, Idiot! What in hell are you doing here? Making him more angry then he already is? "Yes, right," I answered slowly and tried to stop the urge putting my hand on my bottom rubbing the pain away. "I am sorry." Dad watched me closely for another few seconds, then moved even closer, looking down at the right side of my face. I wasn't moving an inch - staying at attention, waiting for my coven-leader and father to chop my head off ... "I know the situation with Bella has been very stressful and hard the last few days, okay? For all of us! Even for Jacob Black!" I listened and barely held back a snarl as he mentioned Jacob's name. "But Bella has a very deep friendship with him, Edward, and you really have to accept that - for her sake and yours. She ... she has known him since she was very young and doesn't want to lose him. Bella doesn't want to choose between the two of you. I think we had that talk a while earlier in private, right?" He thought for a brief moment and went on. "I don't want anybody in this family hurt. Physically or mentally! Not by outsiders and definitely not by other family members! And I ... well... I rank Jacob among us because he is good for Bella and Bella needs him. Have I made myself clear?" "What do you want me to do, Dad?" I asked him angrily, clearly revealing I was irritated by the we-are-one-family shit. "Apologize?" "That would be a very good start! Yes!" I felt more and more exhausted with the whole situation. Bella and my newborn child weren't here and I had to answer to my angry father about something that I felt wasn't even worth talking about! "He ... he didn't even notice!" Carlisle put a finger to my chin, moving my head slowly a few inches to the right side so that I was looking directly at him. "I noticed!" I shrugged my shoulders. "Dad? What's the deal here?!" The next thing happened so damn fast that I didn't even have the chance to blink. He was in front of me in a split-second, grabbing me by the collar of my button-down shirt, pulling me into his face and snarling at me. " Deal ? ... You and I don't make deals! I tell you what to do and you will do it without questioning it! If I tell you to apologize to Jacob for your rotten behavior ... You. Are. To. Obey. Me! " He emphasized every single word in the last sentence, let go of the collar and jammed his index-finger into my shirt and chest. "Do you understand me?" Really? ... No! You- "Dad! You are making a mountain out of a molehill!" The look he gave me now was ... not to be misunderstood. Dad took a deep breath to emphasize his point. "You want to do this the hard way? Good! You will get it your way, Edward! Your choice ... Come with me!" Oh shit ... Without another word he pulled me with him and through the front door into the entryway. We walked at a human pace to the staircase. He gave me such a hard shove on my back that I almost lost my balance on the first step. I caught myself by grabbing the bannister. I climbed upstairs and turned in the direction of my father's study. I stopped and opened the door. As I went to his mahogany I heard the door close with a low click. It was too quiet. The study was cleaned up - nothing out of place. One guest chair was placed in front of the desk. The desk top was clear as well. I could feel his eyes on me, watching, judging my actions from earlier. I didn't turn around – I just peered at the large library behind his chair. I wanted to focus on something other than his thoughts ... "Edward, you did very well last night - as I heard from Rosalie." Wow! Now he is proud of me? I watched him from across the room. He had taken position at the door. "Thanks, Dad but it had to be done, right? There wasn't a chance I would give up on her or Renesmee! Rose did a good job, too by the way. Don't you think she was a nurse or something like that in her past?" He gave me a look and went over to me. "Are you changing the subject now?" "No, I-" "Do not." Carlisle told me firmly. "Yes Sir." He rounded the large mahogany, not taking his eyes off me! I could feel his anger and disappointment. Carlisle made a stop behind the chair and placed his hands on the back of the chair, tapping his fingers lightly against it. I felt more and more nervous. If he wanted to speak with me alone up here in his study meant only one thing - without a doubt: Punishment! A tough dressing-down and punishment to be exact! Thank God Bella was a few miles away now with the rest of my family so she wouldn't have to witness her hundred-plus year-old vampire husband spanked by his father with his pants down! Can't I wiggle myself out of this mess? I sighed. "Oh, Dad, come on! It was no big deal! I thought it was hilarious that Bella was so damn furious that she threw that stink-like-hell dog through our front yard! ... And that she yelled at him!" I shrugged my shoulders not really getting it why my father was that upset about the little scene ... I thought it was funny! "Do you also think it was funny that Bella hurt poor Seth, who only came to Jacob's rescue?" He opened the top drawer of his desk. He glanced inside, then stared at my poor posture again. "Are you going to answer me in the next few minutes or do I have to call your mother to tell her that we need more time for our discussion, Edward?"