I sat looking down at the house, listening to two heart beats, smelling one familiar scent, Jasper, the foulness of one, and the rest were merely there. I watched my old friend walk about the house looking confused, I wondered if he remembered changing me and killing my brother. I saw the copper haired one before, a long time ago, while passing through a town, he was talking to Jasper, and they booth looked up in my direction. With panic, I dropped from my spot and started heading north. I could hear some talk behind me a ways and another heart beat and a mild wet dog smell. When I looked to my left I saw a large gray wolf running towards me, I stopped right before he tackled me and was pinning me to the ground. I looked into the wolf's eyes, he looked happy. I felt myself smile as if I knew who this was but I didn't. I heard Jasper and the copper one not far away, "She wasn't looking for you, but caught your scent," the copper one said. "I thought I left her dying, not changing," Jasper sounded shocked as they walked into view the wolf let me up but stayed close to me as if he was trying to protect me. "Jazzy!" I laughed with a giant smile on my face. "Jo?" he looked more confused than he did earlier. "But you-" "Obviously not, dork!" I walked forward and he embraced me in a hug. When he pulled back he didn't let his hands off my shoulders, "you look different…it's a good different!" he added the last part like he offended me. I laughed, "we'll I mean, I really enjoy my hair and the fact that my skin in flawless!" I still remember when his eyes were a nice shade of chocolate, the gold tone now threw me off a little bit. The copper one coughed, "oh! Josephine, this is Edward Cullen my adoptive brother." I reached out and shook hands with Edward. "I'm sorry to interrupt, but your wolf friend here seems to be jealous." I shook my head and looked at the wolf who was watching Jasper with hate, "I know that wolves normally don't get this big, so I assumed that he was a shape shifter, but I have no clue who he is." Edward looked at me with a little confusion, "well, I don't know how much you know about a tribe near here, but they are able to turn into wolves and they imprint." I looked up at Jasper who shrugged his shoulders. "The mutt is in love with you," Edward added without hesitation. "His name is Drake." I looked over at the wolf who glanced at me with delight but went back looking at Jasper like he was food, I stepped in between them. "I don't understand anything that is going on here, but I'm willing to learn?" Jasper smiled, "it's good to see you, Jo." He smacked my shoulder. "I don't know how long you'll be around this area but if you want you can stay with my family and meet everyone." "I would really enjoy that!" I said, looking at Edward who nodded in agreement. I turned to the wolf, "I don't know who or what you are or how you found me, but um…I willing to know you too." The wolf actually smiled and his eyes became softer and he followed behind Jasper, Edward and I. "Edward is able to read minds," Jasper said. "I got that when he spoke for the hound back there," I joked. "I'm able to feel and control one's emotions, my wife, Alice is able to see visons of people's decisions, Edward's wife Bella is able to keep people from using their powers on herself and anyone else she puts that field around, and their daughter Renesmee can show you her thoughts or images by touching you," he seemed to really enjoy his family. "Do you have any abilities besides drinking blood from humans?" "Why yes!" I laughed and used my ability to pick up some rocks without touching them and throwing them at a tree. "I can control or move things," I said not wanting to show him anymore. I didn't enjoy my power because in times of stress I couldn't control it. "Impressive!" Jasper had a little skip in his step that I hadn't seen since before he had joined the military. "I want you to know that the rest of us have rules and have made a treaty with the tribe close by that we don't feed off of humans…So, if you wish to stay here, you have to find an alternative." "I want you to know that I haven't fed off of someone who was innocent," I heard my tone change defensively. "I noticed that you had remarkable self-control when you heard my daughter's heart," Edward said. "I haven't known anyone who wouldn't even think about killing a human when that's what they live off of." "I remember the first time I encountered a human after I was changed," I uttered. "It was a child no more the age of five, she looked up at me with tears in her eyes asking me if I knew where her ma was. I didn't know what to do and the burn in my throat was terrifying me. I watched her cling to this handmade doll that she had and I felt sadness of my own when she began to cry. I kept telling myself that you needed to help her so I did, I picked her up and started running. I found a hospital a few towns over and the blood from the soldiers was destroying me, but I knew that I couldn't allow this child to fear me. I took her to a nurse and said that you need to find someone to take care of her, she's alone, the nurse had taken one look at my dress and thought that I had been injured and tried to make me stay." I felt a lump in my throat form and wanted to cry with this memory. "After I left the child with the nurse and had gathered more strength of my own, I watched the child grow and she saw me once while working with her horse, she was in her teens then. 'You're my godmother,' she said in a sweet southern tone, 'I know you've been there for me when no one else was.' I had embraced her that one time and never saw her again, telling her that no matter what, to remember me and to keep safe." I started to choke up and stop. "I went to her funeral." "That's where you learned to control yourself," Edward chimed in. "Never heard of a newborn besides my wife to have that much of control." "I have an unreasonable soft spot for the innocent," I added before we got closer to the house and the foul wet dog smell became more abrupt and the heart beats were loud. "I always went after murders myself to feed off of." "Can't disagree with that." When we got the house a shorter than me, pixie haired girl came dancing down the stairs into Jasper's arms, I smiled at her when she looked at me. "Josephine?" she asked. "Jasper said minor things of a childhood friend," she smiled brightly at me. "Must be you!" I curtsied, "pleasure to meet the wife of Jasper." "Nice to meet one of his friends!" she laughed a little. "Grew up together and then she stayed with my property while I was in the war," Jasper sounded way too sophisticated now. "I remember coming back one time and she and Tallulah had made me this wonderful sugar glazed ham." "Tallulah is doing well," I looked at Jasper and watched his expression go back into confusion. "She was a vampire all along!" I laughed hard. "She got married to another vampire that I found when I went searching for my brother, his name is William and he's from England. They now live in Virginia." "I would have never guessed," Jasper pondered for a moment. "I guess now that I think about it, I should have known." "I said the same thing." "Too much catching up," Edward grumbled. "Drake is getting impatient." I smiled and looked at the wolf who was laying on the ground looking up at me. "Is this what you would call puppy love?" I asked with a smile. Alice giggled a little bit. "Well," she sounded happy, "you should meet everyone else. You may be the thing we need to brighten things up again." "Are y'all depressed?" I asked, following them up the steps and then feeling upset about leaving Drake there. "No," Jasper expressed. "Just bored." "Oh, so you need someone to keep you on your toes? I can do that!" A hearty laughter came from the room to the right, "exactly just what we need!" "Emmett!" a stricter voice snapped. "No." "What?" he laughed. "It's just humor!" I watched the blonde haired gal roll her eyes and the tall, dark haired, and very muscular guy sitting next to her, whom I assumed was Emmett. "Emmett. Rose," Alice sang, "this is an old friend of Jasper's, Josephine, who may be staying with us for some time." The blonde gave a little smile and turned her attention to a television with no volume on. Emmett stood up and approached me, I felt intimidated by how much taller than me he was, I'm only five two, he has to be at least six five! I took a minor step back and he laughed at me. "I'm sorry," I whispered. "I don't think that I've ever met someone so tall." I could hear my voice fade as I talked. "Jacob's taller," a women's voice sounded next to Edward. I watched Edward kiss her cheek, she was pretty with brown hair that framed her face in slight waves. "I'm Bella," she said with a smile in her voice. "Jo," I said lightly. I could hear more voices throughout the house, "who is that?" I assumed this was Jacob because this man was a lot taller than Emmett, his skin was darker and his tone sounded nasty. "Jacob," Bella said, "this is Jo." He looked at me with disgust and I noticed a girl standing behind him, he stepped to keep her out of my view. I looked at him like he was mental. "I'm not gonna hurt her," I said. "I don't believe that for a second," he snapped. "She won't," Edward assured. The girl stepped around Jacob and looked at me with confidence, she was shy and didn't say anything, but she was the perfect mix between Edward and Bella. She stood in front of me and touched my hand with hers and showed me that Jacob was her boyfriend, she was no older than fourteen and was absolutely beautiful. She then showed me that Jacob was a wolf and had imprinted on her. I smiled and told her that she was remarkable, then she retreated back to Jacob. I stood there and felt at peace with all the vampires that I had met, knowing that there were two more that were upstairs talking that I had yet to have the pleasure of knowing. I heard them both come down the stairs shortly after having a brief conversation with Bella about our past. The male was blonde and looked young but too wise to be living here and the lady with him had caramel colored hair and was very motherly looking. The blonde looked at me questioningly and then at Edward who nodded. "I'm Carlisle Cullen," he announced. "This is my wife Esme and I see that you have met the rest of my family." I smiled, "I'm Josephine Marie." "Please," Carlisle said. "Where are you from?" Esme asked in a sweet voice. "Texas," I