Densha here, I've been up and about reading manga and what not (Mostly in the romance Genre). So this is where the general idea of the story came from. I am very inexperienced when it comes to writing about romance and i hope this story will be a stepping stone in overcoming that. Well enough from me, enjoy. Doubt that the stars are fire Doubt that the sun does move Doubt truth to be a lie But never doubt I love His breathing was hitched. His heart beat was becoming faster. Sweat dropped from his jaw. Her face was very close. So very close that he could feel the warmth of her breath. Damn, that was a bit lewd. Even for him. Her striking grey eyes stared back into his. He blinked cautiously. He had fallen rather gloriously on top of the girl, the smartest girl in Olympia High. Any way you look at it, it was very bad. He blushed as he noticed that their fingers were slightly touching one another. A…" He tried to talk. But the best he could do was a single syllable. He should have gotten off her by now. Then, why was he so frozen in place, on top of a girl nonetheless? Moral and ethical reasoning implicated that he should just get off her, apologize and then pretend nothing ever happened. But his brain did not want that. Damn retarded brain. "Please…" It sounded like a whisper from her, delicate and soft, just like how her skin looked like. It felt like a romantic cliché to him. No… it looked like a romantic cliché. The hallway was dark. There was absolutely no one, which was fortunate in his part. He was already disliked by everyone as a delinquent at school, or they would say. He didn't want to be known as a molester also. Do you know how seriously disgusting that sounded? The girl moved his hand. It slowly inched closer towards his face. Was she going to stroke his cheek and confess her undying love for him? Yeah, that sounded cliché. Maybe… "Please…" She continued calmly. "Get off me you pervert" "Eh?" Slap. It stung like hell. The blond girl stood up, straightened her skirt, and took off without a word. Of course that would happen. He sat on the ground, staring at her retiring figure as he cradled his red cheek. "Ow" a rather late reply. A moment later, a head comically popped up from the other hallway, with a curious look on her face. A stunning girl with black hair and blue eyes came out of hiding. "I would have thought that would have work" She said to the boy. "Why the hell did you push me you crazy freak?" A tick formed on his head. "Annabeth Chase now hates me" "I thought that you guys might actually have a connection" She placed her finger on her cheek cutely. "Like those things in manga and romance movies, where the guy crashes into the girl or something of the sort. Then after a few misunderstandings, fall deeply in love with each other" she giggled innocently. "What demented world do you think we live in?" The boy clenched his head. "I thought you were a pro in romantic stuff." "I am a pro… technically" Pro in romance novels and movies probably. "What is that supposed to even mean?" How is one even technically a pro in romance? It's either you are or you aren't. "Nevertheless" the girl interjected. "My plan would have worked, if you had been more attractive" "Oi" He retort at the blatant insult. "…But we can work on that" She gave a foxy grin. The boy sighed audibly. What in the world did he get himself into? … Percy Jackson, a boy with raven black hair, currently attending Olympia High School as a second year student. He's subpar academically. Not extracurricular activities. Occasionally fights. He has accumulated a considerable amount of suspension during the past year. Not well known by peers. There is also a lacking of friends. Romantic history non-existent as well as romantic… "Oi, what do you think you're writing about me?" Percy pulled the laptop off Silena Beauregard. "I'm simply writing what I know about you" Silena explained as a matter of fact. "'Subpar academically'…" Percy glared at her. "What's that supposed to mean?" "Basically, it means you're stupid" "I know what it means!" He retorted. He registered the second part of her insult albeit very late "And I'm not stupid!" Percy did a spit take at the last part "R-Romantic history N-Non-existent?" He stuttered. "I'll have you know…" His sweat dropped. That part was actually true, not that he will admit it to anyone, even to the she devil in front of him. She smirked. As if she knew what he was thinking about. "'I'll have you know'…what?" She said in a teasing manner. "Nothing" He reluctantly gave the laptop back to the girl. "Why are you writing about me anyways?" "Lady Aphrodite asked me to do so" Aphrodite. Hearing that name gave him the shivers. It was why he was in this predicament in the first place. What was his predicament you may ask? Well, it all started in a dream. A gorgeous lady appeared and explained some nonsense about love and the little things. Honestly, Percy wasn't even listening to her. A pretty face was one thing to stare at, but hearing that pretty face was another thing altogether. Apparently, being a person of luckless romance was a sore sight for the Lady of Romance. So she decided, without Percy's consent of course, to spice up his love life, not like he had any to begin with. Percy shrugged off the dream of being the cause of eating too much beef jerky before bed. Like hell Aphrodite came into his dream personally and told him that he basically sucked as a human being. That was until one of the most attractive girls in school, Silena Beauregard, had went to talk to him. Now, if you think there's nothing wrong with that, then you probably aren't familiar the social hierarchy of students. Pretty girls, like Silena, were on top of the social pyramid. While people like Percy, were on the foot on the pyramid. There's a very obvious social gap. And people tend to respect that. Usually, people of the upper stratum would not be caught dead with the people of the lower stratum. It was just naturally how it all worked. Wolves stay with their packs. Lions stay with their pride. So it didn't come to a surprise that Percy would suspect ulterior motives from the girl, like she had been forced on a dare to talk with the scary and creepy guy. Source: Percy. It caught stares (glares) when people saw the both of them walk together to school. It was at that time that Silena introduced herself as one of Lady Aphrodite's little helpers. It was at that time also, that Percy almost lost sanity. He tried to get rid of the girl, first by just running away every time he saw the girl, then after that didn't work. He tried to scare her. Result: Not effective. It did have a detrimental effect on his masculinity. So he was content to have her around. As long as she didn't bother him in anyway or form. Later that day, she pushed him onto the smartest girl in school, Lovely. "So when is the going to stop?" Percy asked the girl. "When is what going to stop?" "All the romance bullshit and what not" He leaned back into his chair. "I was pretty comfortable in my old life thank you very much" Silena thought about it. "Never" she answered deadpanned. "Eh?" "Well usually we would have an approximate on how long we ' help ' people" She explained. Yeah right it's helping. "…But it usually depends on the person, particularly their stats" Silena turned the laptop around so it would face Percy. "Yours however are very interesting." Percy read the laptop. "What are those supposed to be, my stats?" "Yes, and it seems" She stood up and pointed at his face. "You, by far, are the most unattractive person in the entire school. No sway-" "Oi" "-no class" "Oi" "- and no romantic sense at all" She finished. "No wonder lady Aphrodite made it seemed like a challenge." "Alright, alright, as much as I love being insulted, I get what you mean. If I am such a hopeless case after all" he said sheepishly. "Then forget about me then" She shook her head and smiled. "You never give up on love" Whoa, whoa. Don't say that while making that face. You don't want me to fall in love with you right? "…whatever" Percy looked away. This was going to be a big bother to him. … "So fancy telling me why the hell you're following me home?!" Percy asked as he clenched his teeth. "Oh, is it a problem?" Silena replied gingerly. "Hell yes it's a problem! I don't want random strangers barging into my house" "But I'm not a stranger." "I've only met you today," Crazy bitch "-that counts as being a stranger. And furthermore, I want at least peace in my own house" "Oh, is this the place?" She looked up to tall apartment complex. "Don't just go and ignore me!" "It looks different from what I expected." "I don't even want to know what you-" "I imagined you living in an abandoned warehouse" She interjected. I REALLY didn't want to know what you think. … "Be quiet, my mom should be home by now and I really don't want her to hear a loud female voice. It might scare her" Percy opened the door. "I'm home" "Oh" A voice came from the inside. "You're a bit late today" And came into view of her sweet and caring mother. Oh how she was a sight for sore eyes. "Oh…" She noticed a visitor. "Sorry for intruding" She bowed. She'd put up a façade. Percy's eye twitched. "Mom, please tell her that it's incredibly inappropriate for a girl to come home to a boy's house and please tell her to be on the way" Please, please, please can you be a strict mother for the day? "Nonsense Percy, show your friend to the living room" Percy groaned. It looks like mom's not going to be much of a help. Thanks mom. "I brought some biscuits and tea. I'm sorry it's what we have right now. I was just in the middle of making dinner" "Mom you really shouldn't encourage her" Of course he was ignored by the two females. "It's no problem Mrs. Jackson." "Where's Paul?" Finally noticing his stepdad wasn't around. "Paul still has some work at school dearie, he'll be back late" she stepped back into the kitchen. As soon as Percy's mother was out of sight, Silena began pouring a cup of tea and took a bite of a biscuit. "This is good" she commented. "I have absolutely no idea how you're so comfortable now" "There's no reason why I shouldn't be. The place feels homey… and warm" "Well it's my home. This will be the last time you'll see it so you better make it count" Percy grunted as he grab one of the biscuits. Percy wondered why the girl had suddenly gone quiet. She would have responded with a comment or two on how disgusting he was. Percy turned. Her head was casted down and she was shaking slightly. Was she crying? Whoa, no, no, no. He'd made someone cry. He had made a girl cry. Oh damn he wasn't good in a situation like this. He wasn't about to let his mom see a girl cry in the middle of the living room because of him. Shit, what should he do? Shit, what do girls like? He began brainstorming on what girls liked. Do girls like