I don't like flying. Not because I'm afraid of the plane crashing or anything like that, but because sitting in a cramped seat for three hours is very uncomfortable. And they always seat me next to the overweight guy whose B.O. stinks so bad you can smell if from the cockpit. Hopefully this will be the last flight I ever have to take. I don't like Arizona - I kept telling my mom to move out of that blistering desert - but thankfully I don't have much reason to ever return. Heh, look at me, trying to find the bright side this soon after my mom died. I mean, yeah, it sucks that she took her own life, but on the other hand, at least Edward will be able to hold me in his arms again soon. And really, that thought is the only thing that's keeping me going. "Ladies and gentlemen, please take your seats and fasten your seatbelts. We're beginning our descent." I wonder why all these pilots sound alike on the intercom. Like, I'm not even exaggerating, they sound EXACTLY the same. Does the speaker have some sort voice modifier built into it? Are these pilots all related? Is it just the same guy hopping from plane to plane? Do they train you to speak that way in pilot school? Just, argh. I'm so curious. "Excuse me, sir, you need to buckle your seatbelt." The stewardess was talking to bald, clean-shaven guy sitting across the aisle from me. The man looked back at the stewardess and didn't say a word. "Sir, we're gonna be landing soon, so we all need to buckle-" "ALRIGHT EVERY ONE STAY SEATED!" The man leapt from his seat and grabbed the stewardess. He flipped her around and clutched her neck tightly in his elbow. With his free hand, he flipped open his book and pulled out a tiny pistol. The barrel was pushed into the stewardess' ear. "Oh my god. Oh my god." "Shut up, bitch!" "H-help!" "I said, shut it!" The man slammed the butt of his pistol into the woman's skull, instantly knocking her out. Her limp body fell backwards, and her head bounced against my armrest. I couldn't tell if she survived the fall or not, and I wasn't about to check. I just pressed my back firmly into my seat and kept quiet. With a full sprint, the man rushed to the front of the plane and shot the lock off the door leading into the captain's cabin. I heard several more gunshots, but couldn't tell what was happening. A few moments later, one of the passengers peeked into the cabin and relayed the news to the rest of us: everyone was dead. Well now, this is a spicy situation. Our plane is rocketing towards the ground at 500 knots with no one behind the wheel - or the throttle, I guess. I should be panicking like everyone else on the plane, but freaking out isn't gonna do me any good. Best to just say my prayers and wait for the inevitable. Didn't think I'd be reunited with my mom this soon. "Everyone calm down! I can fly this plane!" One of the passengers wearing an expensive suit carefully trudged his way up to the front of the plane. With the plane aimed downward, it was incredibly difficult to move without losing your footing and tumbling around. This guy used the chairs to keep his balance, but once her neared the front, he had to leap into the cabin. Just as the man entered the captain's seat, I saw a young boy - probably four or five years old - slam violently into the ceiling. Poor thing's head snapped so loudly that the sound echoed throughout the plane. Maybe he'll be alright. "Have sex with me!" The stinky loaf sitting beside me grabbed my arm and pleaded for me to have sex with him. I presume he's a virgin and wants to do it before dying. I kinda feel bad for the guy. If the position we were in didn't make sex impossible to have at the moment, I might have indulged him. Oh well. Before I knew it, I felt the plane level out. Although we weren't out of danger just yet, I had faith that there was some way we could all survive this. Sorry mom; that reunion will have to wait. About half an hour later, the plane safely touched the ground. News teams were swarming the plane, with reporters trying their hardest to interview every possible person that was on the flight. I've been through enough for one day; I just wanted to get home. With my cowl covering my head, I snuck through the crowd and made my way for the baggage pickup. Edward should be waiting for me there. As I made my way through the terminals, I finally landed in baggage claim. There he was; the love of my life was sitting on a bench... sitting next to Jessica? Why would Jessica be here? "There she is!" I heard her say to Edward. She jumped from her seat and ran over to me. "H-hey," I said, almost falling over as she tackled me with a fierce hug. "What are you doing here?" "What, you didn't think your best friend missed you all this time?" "N-no, of course not. It's just... y'know, I was only gone for a month." "Ugh, don't remind me. Not having you around just reminded me how boring it was before you moved here." "Heh, I guess." Edward had a shy smile sitting on his face. He had his coat draped over one arm, and a small brown paper bag clasped in his hand. He slowly approached us. I always loved how graceful he was whenever he was around me. I pushed Jessica's hand off my shoulder and slowly walked forward to meet him. Just as I drew close, Jess zipped around me and threw her arms over Edward, pulling him close for a kiss. "Hey, Bella," he said, his eyes opening wide as his lips broke free from Jessica's. I didn't know how to respond. I felt like the plane crashed and I was stuck in a permanent nightmare realm. There was no possible way that the event I just witnessed was real. No way. I refused to believe it. I shut my eyes tight - tighter than I ever had before - so tight that I felt like my eyeballs fell into the center of my skull. Then I felt an icy hand touch my exposed shoulder, and my eyelids shot open. "I think I owe you an explanation." There it was; his soft touch that I longed to feel again for so very long. Tears started swelling in my eyes, but just before they could begin to cascade, Edward took his finger and whisked them away. There had to be a good reason for this. Maybe I should give him the benefit of the doubt and let him explain. "Ok," I said with a sniff. "Let me grab my stuff first." "Already got 'em!" said Jessica, holding my bag. She had run off to grab it while I had my eyes closed. Who said you could touch my stuff, bitch? "T-thanks," I said, angrily taking the bag from her. As we walked out in front of the airport, I noticed that Edward didn't arrive in his car; the two came in Jessica's SUV. I felt very awkward packing my luggage into her trunk. I feel like it'd be easier to just walk home, even in this torrential downpour. Then again, I do sort of need to confront this whole situation. Well, not sort of . I desperately need to figure out what happened while I was away. "Listen, Edward, I-" "Oh, Bella, you didn't hear what happened to the school while you were away, did you? Uh, what am I saying? There's no way you'd know." "Know what?" "Jess, can you hold off on that for now, please?" said Edward. He was trying to concentrate on the road, but when the rain is pouring this hard, it's difficult to see where you're going. I do enjoy how often it rains here, but this rain is really working against me today. Now we have to drive extremely slowly, meaning I get to spend more time with these... these traitors. Maybe I should have just walked. No one spoke a word for several minutes. Normally I'd be ok with this silence, but not today. You don't greet me by kissing my best friend and then staying quiet. "Ok, can we cut the bullshit and talk about what just happened at the airport?" I said in a disgruntled tone. My eyes were locked with Jessica's; mine a burning red, and hers a cool blue. Edward briefly turned to look at Jessica before turning to face the road again. He didn't say a word. "Bella... I'm not gonna beat around the bush here," Jessica started, reaching out a hand to comfort me. I whacked it away and kept my angry gaze fixated on her. "While you were gone, Edward started hanging out at cheerleading practice with Jasper. Jasper hangs around every day to watch Alice, because y'know, boyfriend and girlfriend or whatever." "Can you get to the point?" "Right. Anyway, so the four of us started hanging out and-" "And?" "...and, well, Edward started feeling lonely without you around, so... yeah." "That's it? That's the story?" "Just about, yep." I let out a disgusted sigh and folded my arms. I don't know what kind of excuse I was expecting from Edward, but it certainly wasn't something as simple as that. So what, he just got bored and started dating Jessica? That's doesn't make any sense. If it were that simple, wouldn't he have dated her before I moved into this town? Still, Edward said not a peep the entire time, and I wanted to hear his excuse. I kicked the seat in front of me to get his attention. He swiveled his head to look at me for a split second before looking away. That's it? He has nothing to say? "Ahem." I cleared my throat and furrowed my brows, but Edward didn't pay me any attention. "Did you want some water?" said Jessica, holding up a fresh bottle of water she brought with her. "I'm good." "You sure?" "I said I'm good, alright?" "Geez. Someone's grumpy today." I huffed and turned to stare outside my foggy window. The sooner I could get out of this car, the better. I've had enough of these two to last a lifetime. If Edward doesn't want to talk to me anymore, fine. That's his decision. I lived without him for a month; I can handle this. Though it was difficult to make out anything further than two feet from the car because of how heavy the rainfall was, I was able to notice something rather odd about the streets today. People were out and about, walking peacefully, and without any umbrellas. Come to think of it, Edward and Jessica came to pick me up without umbrellas either. From the weather reports I've read, it's been raining nonstop all weekend. What, are we suddenly boycotting umbrellas in this town? Edward pulled up to a red light and put the car in park. He turned around to look at me for the first time in half an hour, and placed his hand on my thigh. I made it a point to not look directly at him, and continued to stare outside. He gently shook my thigh, but I just ignored him. What, you think you can play around with me? I'm not that kind of girl - and I don't forgive easily either. "Bella," he said in his warm, comforting voice, "I hope we can still be friends." "Hmm," I moaned. There was no way I was gonna get over this any time soon.