July 30, 1980 Neville Longbottom born July 31, 1980 Harry Potter born August 16, 1980, Hogshead Tavern Trelawney prophecy given two weeks prior to school start. Headmaster's Office Hogwarts Sunday October 24, 1980 Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore sat behind his desk, reviewing the latest budget. Fawkes, his familiar, was perched on his stand watching the fireplace. Two leather armchairs had been transfigured and placed in front of the desk. There were two things that most people did not notice about the room due to its normal clutter. The first was that the desk and chair behind it were charmed to stand two inches higher than they should. If one measured the height of the desk or chair from the floor, the measurements would align. However, the magic in play visually raised them when one sat in the desk chair. This was a minor enhancement, but very handy when attempting to influence others in minor and magicless ways. It always amused Albus that most others would defer to someone sitting higher than themselves. Few were immune to the effect. Some notable exceptions had been Tom Riddle, Horace Slughorn and Lily Evans Potter. The second enhancement was to make the person in the desk chair appear larger by five percent. It was another mild method of intimidation that could either make someone feel more trusting or threatened based on the circumstances. He chuckled lightly remembering the hundreds of confessions made to him while he sat quietly looking disappointed at a child. They would break before he even said a single word. At precisely 19:30 hours, the fire in the fireplace changed colors to green and two people stepped out into his office. They were a man and a woman. The woman held a baby. They looked around the office, smiled at Albus and moved towards the empty chairs. Fawkes trilled happily at seeing them. "Head…, Mr. Dumbledore good to see you." James Potter greeted as he helped Lily to her seat. "I'm still unused to calling you anything other than Headmaster or Professor." Lily looked up with a smile, "Good evening. Pardon me while I get Harry settled. I can't believe he has grown so much. Can you believe that he now weighs 6.1 kilos? According to the Healer, he's on the upper end for his height and weight!" She cooed and lightly kissed her son's forehead. "It's good to see the three of you. I appreciate you accepting my invitation. I would have preferred coming to your home tonight." Dumbledore made a moue while James and Lily shared a worried glance, "With the start of the school year, I find that I must stay close to the castle. Would either of you like some refreshments? " Smiling at his wife and son, James asked, "No, we had dinner before coming. And about coming here? That's not a problem, sir. We understand. In your owl, you stated that you had something serious to discuss with us?" Laughing lightly, Albus started, "Already using your Gryffindor forthrightness, eh?" He paused and looked at the family. Lily, feeling a sense of foreboding, looked up from her child at her former Headmaster. The man looked at them with what she deemed his sad grandfather face. She had learned as a student this was the face he used when he wanted someone to do something they didn't want to do, but he felt that they needed to. "What is it, Albus?" While still respectful of the man, she felt closer to him than the use of his last name would allow. "Well, my dears, there has been a prophecy made that after much study, I feel puts a great burden onto Harry. He is to vanquish the Dark Lord." The reaction in the room was immediate. Lily held Harry closer to her bosum. Her smile gone and her protective instincts fully engaged. James stood placing himself between his family and Dumbledore. Angrily he asked, "What the hell does that mean? He's a baby and he's going to beat He Who Must Not Be Named? Are we fighting for nothing? He's going to terrorize the country until Harry is old enough to fight him? What kind of prophecy is this?" "Please calm yourselves." Albus waved his hands in a peaceful manner. "I want to help you in protecting Harry. Let me summarize the contents of the prophecy and see if there are any other interpretations. If we agree, then we will act to protect you all." James didn't move. "If my family is in peril, I need full details." "Yes, my boy, I will give you everything you need to know." Dumbledore genially said. "No, not what you feel we need to know. Everything." Lily calmly, yet forcefully stated. "You are talking about my son. There is nothing, James or I do not need to know in order to keep him safe. You said there is a prophecy. What is it?" "Well, Lily, is it that important to hear the whole thing? I've studied it and can summarize it." "Mr. Dumbledore, if you feel that the prophecy is about Harry, we can go to the Department of Mysteries and ask for the its' retrieval. If it does pertain to Harry, we will get to hear it. If it doesn't, we won't." James interjected. "In fact, if it is a prophecy describing He Who Must Not Be Named and Harry, how did you hear it?" "I really would prefer not to say. This knowledge needs to be kept secret." "From us? His parents?" Lily angrily hissed. She didn't want to raise her voice and disturb her son. She rolled her eyes and looked towards James. "James, I am giving him exactly one minute to tell us the prophecy and how he came to hear it or we are leaving." "Yes, dear." James gently answered Lily. With a sterner tone, he stared at Dumbledore. "We need complete information on any threat to our family. Anything less, could lead to a disaster. Dumbledore?" His respect for his former Headmaster was quickly diminishing. Dumbledore sat, slightly stunned. Before him were James and Lily Potter. James had always trusted him and followed his lead. Lily had never allowed herself to be intimidated by him, had always respected his knowledge and experience and like her husband took his lead on things. He never expected them to push him like this. Seeing that Lily was getting ready to stand up, he began speaking. "Calm yourselves, I will tell you the prophecy." He closed his eyes and brought the memory up via the use of Occlumency. "The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies... I believe the first two lines must be taken together. There were two wizarding children born at the end of July that match the criteria, Harry and Neville Longbottom. Both you and the Longbottoms have defied He Who Must Not Be Named successfully three times. The third line is more ambiguous, yet can be puzzled out. My research tells me that He Who Must Not Be Named will choose the child which will eventually defeat him. Based on my knowledge of him, he will choose Harry. Harry was borne on the thirty-first. He is also a half-blood. Neville was birthed on the thirtieth and is a pure-blood. Since the Dark Lord despises all things not pure-blood and Harry truly was borne as July died, his choice seems obvious. The next line is truly confusing. On the face, it seems that both must be killed by the other before one of them can truly live. How they can both be killed and yet one survive? The last line is a repeat." He opened his eyes and looked at the Potters. "What quack came up with that rubbish?" Lily quietly enquired. "And, He Who Must Not Be Named has killed plenty of pure-bloods. I would think that Neville Longbottom, curse this prophecy, would make more sense since the Longbottoms are being called blood traitors. Isn't that more damning to the Death Eaters? Or, is there something about He Who Must Not Be Named that you haven't told anyone?" "Lily, you have to trust me on this." He began trustingly. "This is the second Dark Lord I have fought and I know how they think." "When it comes to Harry, I trust only James and myself. Don't ask me to trust my son's safety on you." She spat back. "How did you learn this?" Wincing, Dumbledore knew that he would lose whatever influence he had on the Potters if he didn't tell the complete truth at this point. "Lily, I learned this as I was interviewing Sybil Trelawney for the Divinations position. At the end of the interview, she went into a trance and she spoke the words. It is a true prophecy. I checked and found two impressive pieces of evidence. One, she had no knowledge of the trance or the words spoken. Second, the prophecy showed up in the Hall of Prophecy in the DOM. Only true prophecies ever show up there." "So you are telling me that Sybil Trelawney saw this? She's a fraud!" James started to shout before he remembered Harry was in the room. "James, it is true that she hadn't given one before. She had a true vision that night." "So you interviewed her. How is Harry or Neville in danger if you interviewed her here in the castle? Isn't this one of the most secure places in the nation?" Lily asked. "I didn't interview her here." He admitted with ill grace. "I met with her in a room at the Hog's Head." "Still, how can He Who Must Not Be Named be aware of this? Who else was in the room with you or overheard?" James said with agitation. "Sybil and I were in the room by ourselves. Aberforth saw someone listening and chased them off. I heard the commotion. My hope is that they did not hear the whole prophecy." Dumbledore tried to placate the irate couple. "Hope, Dumbledore?" Lily hissed. "We need more than that. Do you or Aberforth know who was listening? Do you know if Voldemort was told? How much was he told?" "It was a Death Eater. So I am certain that Voldemort has been told. I am certain that the spy didn't hear much beyond the first two lines. Sybil was pausing between the lines and I heard the commotion at the end of the second line." He sighed as he told them this. "Who was the Death Eater?" James was rigid with suppressed anger. "If I told you, I fear that you would kill him, James. I cannot condone being a party to murder, even at a remote degree." Albus looked at him chidingly. "So it is okay for them to kill, even babies? And you are too sqeamish to defend the innocent?" Lily rolled her eyes in disgust. She thought, 'This was the man who defeated the last Dark Lord? What did he do sing, ~(I Love You) For Sentimental Reasons~ until Grindlewald surrendered for love?' "I feel that everyone can be redeemed. Killing someone does not give them the chance for redemption." "Baby killers are beyond redemption." hissed Lily. "If they want to kill my son, they deserve to die." James ground out. "Who was it?" "On this, James and Lily, I will not budge. Harry is still safe and killing someone for maybe endangering your son is not just or right." Dumbledore stated firmly. "What of the ones he has killed. No Death Eater