The wind blew harshly against the seven figures standing on the crest of the hill. It whipped at their clothes and scraped their skin raw. Despite it being summer it felt like fall, the cold crisp air burning to inhale. The skies dark with stormy clouds foreshadowing the future. But despite all this, Percy felt determined. He felt warm and his heart beat against his chest as defiantly as he stood. He was confident they could win. He looked at all his friends. His eyes swept over the other six demigods who bravely stood next to him as they faced certain doom. He knew, and they knew, that they were only seven measly demigods against an army of unstoppable giants. No gods were here. No gods were coming to their aid but he was sure that they could win no matter what. He felt a cold wind bitten hand slip into his. He looked next to him at the beautiful blond staring with defiant gray eyes at the army massed below. He smiled and she smiled back. She nodded to him once but that simple nod spoke a thousand words to him. Next to her, Hazel and Frank gave each other a hug. Probably the last they'd ever share. Beside them, Leo stared down at the monsters and giants with a look of utmost anger on his normally happy features. It sent a shiver of fear up Percy's spine. On his other side, Jason gave Piper a lingering kiss. Their eyes were sad as if they both knew something the others didn't. Pipers lip trembled as the brave daughter of Aphrodite whispered something into Jason's ear. Percy couldn't hear it but he knew enough to guess what she was saying. He focused back on the giants. His final enemy. The last fight for the world. He nervously gripped Riptide in his sweaty palm as he swallowed thickly. "We can do this." He said. His voice was strong and he was grateful it didn't give way, that it didn't shake as much as his insides were. Around him his friends murmured in agreement. Together, the seven demigods ran down the hills with a battle cry that could have fooled anyone into thinking the whole world had taken up arms and charged. Things didn't go bad immediately but it wasn't like the Fates had waited until the battle was halfway done before something bad had happened either. At first Percy could have sworn they were winning. The giants they couldn't beat of course, but the other monsters? Piece o' cake. They were surrounded on all sides and every once in a while he would see one of his comrades appear in a gap between the throng of monsters before they were surrounded again. But they were there, and they were fighting and standing and alive. And no one was hurt. Until a blood curdling scream pierced the sounds of battle. Percy almost got decapitated as he tried to find the source of the human sound. And then his blood went cold. The youngest member of the seven, young Hazel, her golden eyes wide with fear and shining with unshed tears, was in the grip of the giant king. He laughed gleefully as he held her in his grip. He tightened his hands around her struggling form and squeezed another painful scream out of her. He was teasing the seven. He knew they were surrounded. He knew they wouldn't be able to reach her in time. It was all Percy could do to try and fight his way towards her. The entire world seemed to be going in slow motion. It was like when he had been sixteen and fighting Kronos again. The air was like liquid syrup and kept him from getting towards his friend. Tears streamed down her cheeks as Porphyrion tightened his grip. His eyes lit with sadistic glee as her screams rippled through the air until a sickening crunch abruptly ended her cries. Her head lolled to the side, eyes wide but glassy in death and Percy could do nothing but watch as blood from her broken body began to seep from between the cracks in the giants fingers and fall onto the earth. He heard screams from his friends as they watched but he could do nothing but stare as the monsters around him laughed at the poor fourteen year old demigod, who's second chance at life had ended in a death worse than before. He let out a wild cry as he lashed out at any monster daring to get in his way. He swung Riptide at the oncoming swarm of any hideous beast brave enough to face him. They all backed away from his glowing blade, giving him a chance to catch his breath and watch as once again, one of his friends died. Because one of the screams he had heard from his friends had been that of Franks, Hazels boyfriend. His cry was so heart broken and tormented that Percy wanted so badly to shut it out. He watched with wide eyes as his friend changed into a ten ton elephant. He trumpeted loudly and charged full speed at the giant king who's grin only spread wider as he spread his arms to embrace the attack. He wasn't aware that an angry god, who's daughter had just been killed, was slowly sending shadows creeping around the giants form to tighten like ropes at a seconds notice. Frank charged into Porphyrion and his tusks jutted from the giants back as he barreled into him head on. The giants smile turned into a surprised 'o' as he fell back. Immediately the shadows lashed out and tightened around him, tying his giant form to the ground. He wailed in pain as Frank began to gore him again and again with his white, blood stained tusks. Porphyrion began to fade as Hades and Frank destroyed him in the name of Hazel Levesque. But the enemy still had the last laugh. With weakening efforts Porphyrion managed to break Franks gray leathery skin with his nails as he hopelessly clawed at Franks leg before he finally disappeared. Frank trumpeted triumphantly. "Frank!" Percy screamed as he swung at a charging Cyclops. "Frank, your leg!" He ducked and rolled as an Earthborn swung at his head. He dared a chance to look at where Frank had been only to see a giant eagle rising steadily into the air and climbing higher and higher until a single arrow sprouted from his wing and he began to plummet to the ground. "No!" Percy cried as he swung Riptide at the legs of a Hellhound and began running towards his falling friend. "No no no!" He saw Frank disappear among the monster army. He saw the ancient beings swarm over his body with malicious glee. He saw the blood flying into the air, bright red. But he felt rather than saw, the earth roll like a wave and toss both him and the monsters to the ground. He barely managed to avoid being impaled by his own blade as he fell to the earth. His vision swam as he tried to catch his breath back. He pushed himself to his feet only to fall again as the earth rolled like the stormy ocean and flung him into the air once again. Riptide flew from his hands but it didn't matter as he blacked out as soon as he landed. When he regained consciousness his head lolled to the side only for his vision to be filled with piles and piles of golden monster dust which was strange as he was pretty sure they hadn't destroyed all the monsters before Gaea's awakening. He pushed himself up with a groan as his head throbbed painfully. He stood unsteadily and looked around slowly to see his friends and twelve powerful gods looking around as well. He stumbled his way towards them but stopped when something bloody and small came across his path, a strange huddle of flesh on the dust covered ground. He took a hesitant step closer and knelt before the broken form. He could hear quiet steps drawing nearer as he stared with unseeing eyes at he body before him. "Hazel...?" He chocked out as his eyes blurred with tears. He felt arms wrap around him but he didn't notice. A sob burst out and it took a second for him to realize it had come from him. But that was understandable. Because the girl who had first greeted him at Camp Jupiter, who had showed him around and stood for him, was lying with a wide, glazed eyes. Her mouth was open and blood trickled from the corner before dropping onto the ground. But that wasn't the only place blood seeped from. Bits of white bone poked out from her skin where the grip of the giant king had broke them. Tears leaked from Percy's eyes as his body shook with mangled sobs. He turned to look at Annabeth and he struggled to let out his words. "Is-is Frank alright?" He asked but her eyes told him all he needed to know. The blood, Gaea awakening, it only proved what he was trying so hard to deny. He gripped his head in his hands and stared at the hard earth. He heard the others crying around him but he continued to simply look down as tears dropped one by one into the dark red puddle at his knees. A shadow cast over him and his head jerked up to stare at the gods with unbridled fury. He bolted to his feet so fast he almost knocked Annabeth over, but he didn't seem to notice. All he could see was the gods standing before him, who had done too little and come too late. "This is all your fault!" He cried out at them, his hands balled into fists at his sides. "Where were you when we needed you?" His lower lip trembled as he fought to control the surge of emotions roiling around inside of him. "They're dead because of you!" The gods faces were stone cold as they watched the hero of Olympus yell at them in anger. "Percy..." Poseidon began, his voice dangerously calm. "No!" Percy yelled. "No, this is your fault! You should have been here sooner, you should have been here!" His sea-green eyes glinted like a sharpened sword, ready to slice and kill anyone who stood before him in his murderous rage. He felt his friends stand around him defensively, five demigods when there should have been seven. "Enough!' Zeus roared, a clap of thunder punctured the sky to accent his words. Percy clamped his teeth shut though he wasn't done with his rant yet. Deathly quiet fell on them all as the king of the gods and the hero of Olympus glared at each other until a daughter of Athena stepped between them. "Lord Zeus," She began. "Percy, calm down, please. While we bicker our friends fight for their lives. They need us back at Camp Half-Blood. We have to go." Percy stared at her blankly. "What?" He asked in confusion. What did she mean, fighting for their lives? "Did the Romans attack?" He asked in panic but it was quickly quelled when she shook her head. "No, the Romans aren't attacking but their in just as much danger." Percy saw Jason stiffen out the corner of his eyes. As the only Roman in their group left, he was bound to be scared for his camp. "Percy, when the gods came they destroyed the rest of Gaea's monster army, but she managed to teleport the giants away." Annabeth explained hurriedly. Percy's blood ran cold as she continued. "They're at camp Half-Blood, we need to go." She turned to the gods with her gray eyes wide and pleading. "Please, can you help us get there?" Zeus frowned at her, still not over Percy's disrespect. He looked around at his family,