1. "Remind me why you chose WSU? Because it's definitely not for the great weather." My best friend Jessica says sarcastically at me. I scowl at her, I love her but after hours in car with her I really don't want to listen to any more complaints. " Hey, you didn't have to come along." I say and stick my tongue out at her. Last semester we were both at San Diego State, we both had planned going to school there since high school. We're both born and raised in Orange County, but after Ian's accident I felt like I needed a change and I decided to transfer. My father moved here after my mom and him divorced. I wanted to be near some family so here we are in Seattle. " Bells, shut up. You know we're a package deal. " She says not even looking at me. Jess is definitely right about being a package deal, we met freshman year of high school and have been inseparable since. In reality I loved that she was here. She was one of few that I really felt that I could count on. The fact that she would leave San Diego state to follow me here, just shows me how great of a friend she is. I snap out of my thoughts as we pull up to our new apartment. It's not far from the university, only a ten-minute drive. It looks just like the pictures we saw on craigslist, and luckily we got it for a steal. Jessica and I both are unemployed she is depending on her family and student aid to get through college. I how ever have enough to last me through college and probably years after that. I still haven't touched in the insurance money I was given when Isaac died. I know it's silly but I feel like if I use it he's really gone. I miss him so much, my other half is gone and I haven't felt the same since. "Earth to Bells, let's go! I can't wait to see the apartment!" Jess says with the biggest smile on her face. " I'm coming, I'm coming!" I yell back. God I love that crazy girl. We spend the rest of the day unpacking, and going over our schedules. We have one class together, but other then that I'm on my own. School starts on Monday, so I'm thankful it's only Saturday. I want to check out the campus and look for the buildings my classes are in. Going to a new school is nerve racking, but I'm excited for the change. A place where no one knows about Ian and me, after a tragedy people never know how to act around you. My stomach growls, is it dinner already? Jess is muttering something to herself in the kitchen; she's probably hungry too. " Come on, let's grab something to eat." " I have a better idea, why don't you change your clothes. Then let's go." Jess says with smirk. " What's wrong with my clothes?" " For one, that shirt has a hole in it. Come on let's get dressed up and grab dinner and maybe a bar. We need to have some fun baby girl!" My first thought was to say no, but Jess was right. We are in new city, and I really want to let myself let go and have some fun for once in along time. I've been so tense lately. "Fine!" I exhale, but secretly I'm excited. " Well that was easy. You're usually such a bore! " Jess says running towards her room. I know she didn't say that to be hurtful, I know haven't been myself since he died. I used to be full of energy like Jess, well maybe not as loud. I know she just misses how we used to be, before the accident. Thirty minutes later we meet in the living room. "Damn girl, you almost look as good as me!" Jess winks at me, and heads out the door. Tonight I chose to wear my favorite black jeans, a blank tank, and my favorite boots. I feel cute and comfortable, with the emphasis on comfortable especially if we're drinking tonight. We have a quick dinner at a local diner near our apartment. It's across the street and I think Jess chose this diner so we wouldn't have to drink and drive. The streets near by are lined with dive bars. It's very different from the Gaslamp district in San Diego where we used to go, when we were at San Diego State. For one, not everything is upscale and fancy. These bars look like they would house locals, not out of towers looking for a good night. Finally Jess chooses a bar, and some how we get in. We're both only twenty but I guess the bouncer fell for Jess' story about how we lost our IDs during the move. She smiles sweetly at him and he steps aside to let us in. The bar looks like an average dive bar, dark walls and floors. It's a Saturday night so it's pretty crowded; we work our way up to the crowded bar and order our drinks. We both take a shot of whiskey, Jameson our favorite. Then we order another Jameson and ginger; I know tomorrow I'm going to be paying for this. " Whoa, look at that guy. He's hot!" Jess practically screams. " Sh! He's looking right at us!" I giggle I think I'm starting to feel the effects of the alcohol. Twenty Minutes later, I'm standing by the bar sipping on my drink and moving to the music. Jess is of course flirting with the "hot" guy, so I patiently wait for her. Well maybe flirting is a bit of an understatement; the way they're dance is practically sex on the dance floor. I laugh to myself while I think of what I should do, I don't want to stand at the bar all night. Surprising, even myself I finish my drink and slam it down on the bar. I walk to the dance floor, and just let loose. My body is moving with the music, and Jess comes towards me. "There's my girl!" She says, as she pulls herself away from the guy she's been dancing with. She turns around to him and says, " Sorry babe, but I'm going to dance with my girl." We dance for some time, but between dancing and the alcohol I'm spent. I can feel the sweat beads roll down my neck to my back. I'm about to walk towards the bar when I feel a hand on the small of my back. I look back getting ready to smack the hand off, when I look up. "Going some where? " The stranger says peering down at me. " I was going to head over to the bar." I yell over the music. " How about one more dance?" He smiles his brown eyes at me. Normally, I would probably decline but I decide what the hell why not. The fact that he's tall and handsome doesn't hurt either. So I muster the sweetest smile I can, and start moving my hips against his. We dance like this for a while, I glance towards the bar and I see Jess once again with the "hot" guy, she's laughing and giving me a thumbs up. I start to feel the handsome stranger's hands creep up the hem of my shirt. I quickly push them away, but he keeps persisting. He's breathing harder and harder and then I feel his tongue as it rolls over my neck. That's when I decide I've had enough, I tell him "Thanks for the dance." As I'm walking away he grabs my arm and pulls me back. " I'm not done with you baby." Now his smile is replaced with a much darker look. He grabs on to me, my back to his chest. He grinds harder and harder, as I struggle away. He's much taller than me and probably weighs double my size, but my father Charlie is a cop and my whole life he has always taught me how to defend myself. So I quickly think of our training, and stomp of the stranger's foot. He winces, and moves back just giving me the right amount to free myself. Just when I think I'm out of his grasp he grabs my wrist so hard I think he's going to break it. The next thing I know I'm being dragged to the hallway near the bathrooms. He shoves me up against the wall and holds my chin in his hands. "Why are you being such a tease baby?" He whispers in my ear. I spit in his face, and scream. I know if I scream loud enough some one in the bathroom has to hear me. "Get your hands off her!" A voice in the distance screams. I don't know where the voice is coming from but I'm suddenly relieved. The man pulls the stranger off me. He punches him straight in the jaw, and he falls back a little but lunges towards my savior. He's not match for my savior, he punches him again but this time in the gut. The suddenly not so handsome stranger falls, and clenches his stomach while muttering a string of curse words. "Don't ever talk to her or look at her again! Get the fuck out of here you piece of shit!" My savior screams at him, looking like he wants to punch him again. "Are you alright? " He asks. I'm in shock and all I can manage is a nod. By now every one at the bar witnessed what happened, Jess is running towards me. She wraps me in her arms, and walks me out back. "Are you okay baby girl? I'm so sorry! I should have been there!" Finally I find my voice . " I'm fine, just a little shaken up. It's not your fault Jess. But can we go home now?" "We'll walk you home, I don't want that bastard following you two." My savior says. I wasn't even aware he followed us out back. He's standing next to the "hot" guy Jess was talking to. "Bella, this is Mike and" she's interrupted. "I'm Eddie, I'm glad you're okay." He says with his fist to his side, he looks so angry and his look as if they are filled with rage. "Thank You, I... I really owe you one. " I stammer out, he makes me nervous. He's absolutely gorgeous. He's tall definitely over six feet with dark brown hair, and a great build. Even with the rage in his eyes, they're beautiful. As he steps in to the light I can see tattoos covering both his arms, I catch myself staring then I realize he's glancing me. Thankfully Jess breaks the awkward silence. " Thanks for walking us home, were just a block away." She starts to walk arm and arm with me holding me tight, while I'm still trying to process everything that just happened. So much for having fun, and letting loose I think to myself. When we arrive at the apartment the guys look behind us and make sure no one has followed us. "Well thanks for walking with us, I really appreciate it. It was nice meeting the both of you." Jess says looking towards Mike. Mike gives her a friendly hug, and they talk for a couple minutes and exchange numbers. " Yeah. Thank you again." I say to Eddie, with out bringing my eyes to his. "You're welcome, that guy was an asshole. I'm sorry that happened to you Bella." 2. "Rise and shine! I made you breakfast, get up Bella." My eyes open then immediately shut when Jess opens the blinds. "It's too early. Ten more minutes!" Jess laughs, "It's already noon Bells." "Shit, was I out