Antarctica. A land seemingly forsaken by the gods. A harsh land, uninhabitable by any mortal. A fierce storm was whipping overhead, the strong winds cutting through the air so fast it was impossible to hear anything past the continuous blowing. Not a soul was in sight. Overhead, that is. Deep in the ground, however, there lay an ever continuous pattern of tunnels. Not naturally formed tunnels, but a carefully devised layer of tunnels that could only be laid out by human hands. It would take a vast contingent of men an entire century to dig these many tunnels. It wasn't carved by a contingent of men. It was painstakingly dug out by one. You could hear his laborious moans as he slowly dug out the hard packed earth with his own hands, slowly, but surely making progress. The man stood six feet tall, with not a single ounce of fat on him. Despite the cold, he wore a loose fitting white tunic, with gold embroidery, making intricate patterns that never seemed to end. His brown jeans fit him well, as plain as they were. Both were smeared with dirt. The man didn't care, as he focused on his task. He hadn't taken a century either. He had taken ten. A mere mortal would not be able to do that. However, this was no mere mortal. His looks seemed to only prove that point. Ebony locks, so long it covered his eyes, lustrous though he hadn't bothered to take care of it. He found no use for care, though he kept it above his neck so that it didn't hinder his movements. A strong chiselled jaw, one that belonged on only statues, or gods. His lips were full, and, despite the harsh environment, not cracked. This man could only be a god. The only imperfection on this man was his hands. His nails split, his hands practically ripped clean of skin, raw and bloody. Bit by bit, he slowly carved his way through the ground underneath the frigid environment, not caring about the freezing temperatures that were unsuitable for mortals. And then, for the first time in about a century, he stopped. The man tilted his head quizzically, hearing the clattering of teeth, the sound of a breath being exhaled, the constant tap of feet on the tunnel floor. He rolled his eyes dismissively, and continued scratching at the earth. His nose twitched as his nose was flooded by a familiar, distinct scent. The man merely ignored the woman next to him, never stopping. It was only when she put a hand tenderly on his arm, did he pause for more than a minute. She winced, taking in the gory sight that was his hands. "Oh, why can't you just let yourself regenerate?" She took up his hands gingerly, cupping them. Bright rays of sunlight started radiating through the cracks between her fingers, illuminating the whole stretch of tunnel. The woman tried to peer past the man's curtain of hair, but she failed to establish eye contact. Looking down, she realised that the rays had long since faded. It took a while to register that they had been prolonging contact. For an extremely long time. Well, to her maybe. She honestly had no idea the amount of time that passed when she was in his presence. That was really enough holding now. She wrenched her hands from his, spinning to face away from him, clearing her throat in embarrassment as her face turned a very pleasant shade of red. It was only until she stepped away from him that she started to feel the cold again. She hunched her shoulders and drew her head in, emulating a turtle, rubbing the exposed parts of her arms trying to regain some semblance of heat. "Why on earth did you wear that out here?" The caverns seemed to fill with his deep, patient voice. There was a hint of amusement as he looked her up and down. The lady spun around and glared at him. Sure, she had dressed this way for him, a scarlet red dress that left her arms and shoulders exposed, held up by a golden necklace. She was rather starting to regret it now, what with the cold. The only part of her that was relatively warm was her face, and that was due to her realising that he was currently… scanning her. At this point, her face was almost the same shade as her dress. "I always wear this, what're you talking about?" Nice cover up . The man plopped himself down on the floor, patting on the ground beside him. The very cold hard ground beside him. The woman raised an eyebrow at him, challenging him to even suggest for her to sit on that again. All he did was grin an award-winning smile at her. She deliberated sitting down next to him, before returning the smile with a devious smirk, and ceremoniously plopped herself down on his lap. The man's cheeks turned slightly red, unnoticed by the woman who was too busy dealing with the cold. "Ger'off me Summer!" The man whined. The woman, who was apparently named Summer, simply leaned back into him. The two sat back for a while, enjoying each other's company. Summer, not one for patience, started humming a tune. A rather out of pitch tune, the man thought. And clearly it showed on his face, because Summer's face loomed over his all of a sudden. "Something wrong?" She applied more pressure onto him. "Yeah, your singing's terrible." The man grinned sheepishly at her, instantly ducking his head and a fireball formed in Summer's hand and lobbed itself over him. It hit the wall, exploding into a harmless flash. Or so they thought. Summer opened her mouth to reply, but was interrupted by a loud crack. A very loud crack. The two remained still for a moment, worried that a sound would set a cave-in off. "Do you think we're safe?" Summer whispered harshly to the man. He slowly nodded, not really instilling confidence in Summer. Another crack sounded. The man slowly put his arms on Summer's waist, and his muscles tensed up, ready to throw her to safety if need be. Wherever that safety might be in this dark ice cave. "I'm going to start inching our way to the entrance, alright?" The man whispered, and Summer nodded. The man slowly got up, and the rate of cracking started to increase. Summer took a slow gulp. They couldn't die, but a cave falling on them would certainly hurt. The man finally got to his feet, gripping Summer close to him. As soon as he set his feet stably on the ground, he grinned triumphantly at her. Before the ground fell out from under him, and everything went dark. When the man came to, he was in a crater, probably made by him, in a cave. There was something weighing down on his chest, and when he craned his neck down, he saw Summer pressed flush down against him, her hair draping over his chest. He carefully lifted her up, giving her a quick spot check to make sure she hadn't broken anything. He laid her gently against a wall, before looking around. Interesting, he'd never seen this before. He inhaled the surrounding air in, and instantly started coughing. The amount of power in this place was… immense. The very air in the cave was brimming with power. Ancient power, never touched in millennia. The ice around here was a perfect insulator too, making sure the energy never escaped. Could this be it? Was this what he was searching for, all these years? He decided to delve deeper into the cave. The more he delved deeper, the more the place piqued his interest. Fossils of mammoth, sea creatures and sabre-tooth cats lined the walls of the cave. It was strange that they would be all found in the same place. He had to stop for a while, admiring the view. Deep in the ice, imprisoned in a translucent ice wall, facing him, was a leviathan of a sea serpent. The beast was thrice as large as any blue whale he had ever seen. Every inch of this beast was armed to the teeth. The spine, lined with spikes, each the height of an elephant. The hide of the beast, lined with a 6 foot thick shell. The tail, designed to propel this gargantuan beast through the water swiftly, with twice as long as its body. Its face was the worst end of it. The mouth was designed to unhinge like a serpent, and that was clear as day, for it was frozen with its mouth gaping wide, as if it was trying to devour an entire village. It's teeth, crooked, making it seem like it would hurt to close its mouth. The eyes, frozen in place for gods knows how long, but still conveying such fury. He held the beast's stare for a while, its hypnotic gaze drawing him. He finally wrenched his eyes off the leviathan and continued on his way. If he had bothered for a last glance, he would have seen the beast's eyes shifting, tracking him. This cave seemed to go on for eternity. The more he moved in, the darker and more ominous it became. Every inch of his being was screaming at him to get out, but he resisted it. He could taste it now. It did leave an unpleasant aftertaste. But with that came the sweet success of victory, accomplishment. What he had been searching for all these years was almost in his grasp. And then he happened across it. A timeless chamber, lined with obsidian walls that seemed to suck in the light around them. But that didn't matter, for in the middle, laid on a simplistic platform, lay an egg. The egg radiated light, so bright it might blind a mortal's eyes. On it was imprinted a symbol of an infinity sign. The man walked in, snatching up the egg triumphantly. It was over. Finally, he had finished. He only had a slight moment to enjoy his moment before the ceiling fell around him. Groaning internally, he ran out. How could he have been so stupid and not check for traps? Gripping the egg hard, he dashed back to the start of the cavern. He could have teleported out, but he needed to get Summer out too. He could almost see her, now. Her and that ridiculously hot dress of hers. But the ceiling falling had extended to this part too, and he saw a rather large crack on top of her forming. He couldn't reach her in time. Just like before. He could still see it, feel it. The hopelessness, the look of desperation on her face, her blond hair whipping around as she was surrounded by monsters. Not again. He made an instant decision. Throwing the egg down, he increased his speed, craning his neck forward in a desperate attempt to grab her. As soon as he grabbed her hand, he teleported out. He turned back for a split second to see a bright flash emanate from the position the egg had been, and when his vision adjusted, he saw a silhouette of a man emerge out. As he felt the particles of Summer and him being swept away by the wind, he made a fervent wish that the man would be crushed under the slates of ice falling. He knew it wouldn't come true. The last thing he heard from the cavern was the roar of a beast that should have been long dead. Olympus. A splendid place, filled with immortals, radiant palaces, and clouds. After all, it was a city high up in the sky. The base structure was made of clouds. Due to this, it was a rather peaceful place. At least it was supposed to be, if not for the commotion from the throne room. If Olympus was