Authors Note Hey everyone if you are reading this because of an email notification i'm just going to say that I am not going to be stopping my other stories and will continue to update 'A Hero Once Broken' but I am bored so here is a new story if been working on. Updates SHOULD come out every Monday but enjoy this chapter! DIAMOND EYES. Percy and Annabeth never happened. After the celebrations following the giant war Percy and Artemis were drugged and eventually Artemis conceived a child in secret. She gave it to Percy and he left camp in search for a normal life. 15 years later and now a respected prospector he and his daughter runs across his old friends in Iceland. How will he react when he and his daughter are apart of the next prophecy. Diamond Eyes Chapter 1 Percy Point of View Location: The Olympus Throne Room . As Percy reflected on the war just waged against Kronos he slowly grew more and more self resenting as he thought of the number of people lost in a war he had caused. He drifted around the throne room, moving group to group, talking to god after god, and felt alone. The throne room was beautiful, despite the immense damage caused by Kronos hours earlier the Gods reverted it into its previous regal self. Around the brim of the room a ringed corridor was separated by brilliant marble columns that stretched to the ceiling, where a colourful mosaic of the constellations shimmered under the fire light. Around the columns luscious green vines snaked up and the smell of nature and floor was thick in the air. The twelve thrones of the Olympians remained and their aura of power felt more incredible than any other time Percy had been here. Most of the people had found themselves in the centre, dancing with friends and partners, or eating luxurious foods found on mahogany banquet tables. Percy continued his drift from person to person before finding himself stood next to the Lord of the Underworld, Hades. He wore a jet black three piece suit with a red tie that contrasted greatly. His long hair had been combed to the side, looking professional and powerful, whilst his black eyes analysed Percy carefully. "Despite what happened in the Underworld Perseus I wanted to thank you for the rule you passed today as your wish. You may be a son of my brother but you have been respectful and caring for Nico so thank you for securing a home for him at camp." Hades spoke out quietly, his voice filled with power. "Lord Hades there is no need to thank me, i'm sure any other demigod would have done the same in my position." Percy replied with a small smile. "Oh Perseus how ignorance is truly bliss. I can understand why Dionysus has a small amount of respect for you as you truly aren't like other demigods. I would love to continue this discussion but it seems like I will have a lot of paperwork to do and will be required at the underworld. If there is help you need in the future after today it is only fair I owe you one." Hades replied with the slightest of smiles. Before Percy could counter and tell him that he had no need to owe a favour the god melted away in a puddle of shadows. Once Hades was gone Percy felt alone once again. He looked around the throne room and smiled for the happiness of his friends. Boisterous laughing rang in the air and the sound of music continued in the background. His friends continued to eat and laugh as he watched from the sidelines and continued reflecting on his year. As he reminisced one of the many raids he carried out a warm voice called for his attention. "You not going to join your friends son?" Percy looked up and his sea green eyes met with calm ocean blue eyes of his father. Poseidon had a small smiles and had dressed up for the evening, wearing a suit with a blue tie. "Nah they're enjoying themselves, and I was wanting to reminisce in quiet." Percy replied with a small shrug. "I see son. I'm proud of you Percy. You fought like a true hero and you defeated two titans." "Dad it was nothing, I fought as well as I could and I nearly died countless times. My mistakes in this war caused the deaths of others-" Percy started but was interrupted. "It's not your fault Percy, they chose to fight and it ended in their deaths. You were an amazing leader and you done everything you could to make sure as much people were safe. Now have a glass, its your sixteenth birthday and we're celebrating." "Is that champagne, dad i'm underage I can't drink alcohol." "Its your birthday son, one drink isn't going to kill you." Poseidon replied with a small smile. Percy smiled and accepted the glass from his father. "To a happy sixteenth birthday." Poseidon toasted with a warm smile gracing his face. Percy smiled and together they toasted. Poseidon had been whisked away by Amphritrite who was wanting to dance and Percy could smell the perfume of the next immortal who wanted to speak with him. "Aphrodite." "Oh Percy, i'm sorry about Annabeth. I was hoping so hard that Mark would not come in between you two but he did. I should have seen it coming-" "Its okay Lady Aphrodite. If Annabeth is happy with him than i'm happy for her." Percy replied quietly. "I'll make up for it I promise. You've also been through a lot so if you need a therapist a daughter of mine works as one for a living here's her card." "Lady Aphrodite, I'm thankful but I don't need it." Percy replied growing confused. "Keep it for safekeeping please, just in case." Aphrodite asked. "Yeah sure I promise." Percy replied. Aphrodite smiled and moved on, and began a discussion with some of her children who were enjoying their meal. Percy continued walking around the edges of the magnificent chamber, taking small sips of the champagne from his glass. He found himself by the hearth and began talking to bessie the Ophiotauras who was in a magnificent ocean tank. "People are going to find you insane if you continue to talk to a sea cow." A regal voice spoke out, capturing Percy's attention. He turned round and was surprised by the source of the voice. It was Lady Artemis who was looking at him with glaring eyes. She was wearing a silver dress given to her by Aphrodite and her auburn hair was tied back into a fishtail braid that slung over her shoulder. Her silver eyes had glared at the drink in his hand since her turned round. "Aren't you underage Perseus, and yet you seem to be drinking?" Artemis questioned with a slight poison tingling her words. "My da- I mean Lord Poseidon gave it to me as a gift, to celebrate the end of the war and as a toast to my birthday." Percy replied quickly. "I see, you should do your best to stay away from alcohol in the future, I have seen it warp people to the brink of death." "Of course my lady, I will do my best to keep that in mind" "Do you mind explaining as to why you have removed yourself from everyone's attention. Usually you would be with friends talking and eating." Artemis asked inquisitively. "I've been thinking about things-" Percy paused, and Artemis raised an eyebrow as if to ask for more information. "I've been thinking what i'm gonna do from now on. Camps gonna be busy and I don't want to be locked up there. And with the Achilles Curse I need to keep honing my skills or I'll slowly go insane. According to Achilles that is." Percy replied, fear slowly tinging on his words. "I see. It would be in the best interest of Olympus for that not to happen then so I'm willing to make a deal. The hunt gets a lot of offers throughout the year that we can not always follow up. So if you wish I can refer them to you. Allows you to release steam whilst making money on the side." Artemis replied with a calm facade. "Lady Artemis I couldn't. Those people have went to you for help, I can't take away work from your hunters like that. Won't they just resent me for doing so." Percy replied with widened eyes. "Listen to me Perseus, the hunters respect you and understand that we do not always have the resources to partake in all hunts so it would be best that they still end up done." Artemis replied calmly. "How can I repay you Lady Artemis-" Percy started but Artemis cut in. "As long as you remain being the honourable man that my hunt respects then you shall be fine. Now before you attempt to argue against me I will be taking my leave as the coming weeks will be long." Artemis replied and walked off with a simple nod of goodbye. * 14 Months Later* Third Person Point of View Location: U.S Highway 2, Ottawa National Forest, Michigan. Percy Jackson had found his journeys to have taken him to Michigan for the week, driving his GMC Sierra Classic on the stretching grey highway. The weather was starting to take a turn for the worst as brilliant white snow began to fall, signifying the start of Winter. It had been a few months since the end of the Giant war and Percy had gotten back into the swing of his old job. Silence grew thick as night drew on and he put on the radio to cool his nerves, and the heavy drum line of Glitter & Gold began to play. Percy kept his eyes on the road and was amazed by how wild the area was, despite the stretching path of concrete beautiful forests extended for miles, the brilliant dark greens growing whiter with each minute of snow that fell. This was his life now and it was perfectly peaceful. He travelled the states meeting new people, trying new food, and gained countless new memories and experiences. The best part of his life now was his job. He was a freelancing hunter, as talented as the hunters of Artemis and just as efficient, creating quite the rivalry between himself and them. But despite that Artemis asked him to do a job for him and he was on his way to deliver. He began to sing along to the song thinking of everything he could to prepare himself for what was soon to happen. He had been asked to go to Damon Lake to hunt a bear that had a taste for human flesh, and he would prefer to be more prepared than Hugh Glass was when his incident with a bear occurred. His body became electrified with excitement as each second that passed and his nerves were on high alert, as if something was wrong in the air. He decided to look away from the road to his left side and could feel the side of his car get smashed off to the opposite side of the road. The smell of burning rubber choked his nostrils and the sound of screeching breaks rang in his ears. He quickly got out of his car and stood on the top of the roof to get a better view of what was going on, in his hands, a brown hunting rifle ready to shoot. Percy removed his hood to clear his peripheral vision and his cold green eyes looked around for anything. About ten feet away where his car had been smashed into, several foot print were hidden in the snow and Percy knew he was in the right spot. He jumped off of his truck and