I was lying in bed, as usual, when Dr. Cullen knocked on the open door and entered my hospital room. He wasn't my usual doctor, but he had come in to talk to me a few times. I smiled at the (impossibly) handsome doctor, until I noticed his expression. He hadn't spoken a single word, but I knew what he had come to tell me. "Please, Dr. Cullen, don't say it. I already know and hearing it will only make it worse." My voice was surprisingly steady as I spoke. I wiped away a single tear before it could fall down my cheek and kept my chin up. I was dying. I couldn't say that is was a surprise. I had been sick and in hospitals so much that I always knew that my time spent living wouldn't be long. There was no cure for cancer, and my heart problems were what they were. I was sitting alone in a hospital room, dying. I was sixteen, with no family, and I was dying. I couldn't help but to laugh. It was too funny, too ironic. Dr. Cullen stood there, looking as close to perfect as a human could get, unsure of what to do. So I kept laughing. I didn't know him well, but I knew he was rich. I knew he loved his job. I knew he had a big family he loved more than anything. I knew he was gorgeous. I knew he had everything I didn't. I laughed so hard my stomach and throat hurt. When I finally began to calm down he sat down in the chair by my bed the people from the state often sat in when they visited me or a nurse who would look at me with pity. "I am sorry Dr. Cullen. Go ahead and do your job. Give me my expiration date, tell me about resting peacefully or heaven or whatever you believe in, and tell me how I should spend my last bit of time alive." He nodded solemnly. "Well you know the cancer has spread and…" I interrupted him. "Excuse me Dr. Cullen, but I already know I am dying and there is no stopping it. So if you would skip over the details of how and just give me my sentence, I would appreciate it." He smiled at me, but I could not tell if he was amused by my indifference or if he pitied me inside. "As you wish. I cannot give you an expiration date, but if I had to estimate I'd say you have about three weeks. I do believe in miracles, I have seen them happen with patients in far worse condition than you. Also, I am supposed to give you this." He handed over a few sheets of paper. "It is an application to the Make a Wish Foundation. Do you know about them?" He asked. I had to fight the urge to roll my eyes. "Yes, they grant the dying wish of sad children. You want to know what I wish for Dr. Cullen?" I asked him. "I must say I do not know, but I can imagine." I pursed my lips and nodded. "I wish that I could spend one day being a part of a family. A mother and a father. Maybe even some siblings or pets. I don't care about the details. For one day I want to be loved. Even if I know it is all pretend and short-lived." I couldn't help but to chuckle a bit. Short-lived. My life was going to be short-lived. I took a deep cleansing breath to calm myself and clear my head. "I am sorry I am putting all of this on you. You are not even my Doctor. I bet you are just the doctor who was on call when my blood work was done. Sorry you had to be the bearer of bad news. Tell your kids I said 'good-bye' when you go home, please." He seemed surprised. "Do you know any of my children?" He asked. "Not personally, but I saw them at school the couple of weeks I was able to go before I got sick again. I have pretty much been in this hospital since the first month of my sophomore year, but I had a class with Rosalie and Jasper and once sat next to Alice and Edward at a school assembly. I saw Emmett in the halls. None of them probably even know my name or will remember me. I didn't have any friends when I moved here, and I obviously don't have family around. I just… I want to say goodbye to somebody. So would you please pass on my message? They seemed like decent kids." I paused for a moment. "Tell your wife I said 'We will meet someday, in the beyond that comes after life'." I laughed and so did he. "I want people say goodbye to. My parents gave me up as soon as I was born. I lived in multiple foster homes and group homes, but never made any friends. No one is going to remember me ten years from now. I know and accept that the same way I have already accepted my death." "I will relay your messages, I promise. But do I get one as well?" "Oh! I can't leave you out, oh doctor I have met maybe three times! What a vital role in my life you have played! I can't imagine not seeing you anymore. So my message to you is simple: though I know it will be terribly difficult, try to go on without me." I was dying. There was nothing I could do to stop it, so why should I let it bring me down? I was honestly not feeling too bad; I guess I had it better than most dying people. Other than the baldness, always chapped lips, the throwing up, and the aches and pains, I normally didn't feel that awful. I took another deep breath, pushing back my emotions and thoughts of dying. "It won't be easy, but I will do my best. Honestly though, Miss Jones, you should not give up on hope." He took my hand in his cold one and squeezed it once before letting it go. I was used to the cold hands of doctors, so his icy touch was nothing unusual. "One, the name my first set of foster parents gave me is Iona, you can call me that. It is what everyone else does. Second, I try to keep low expectations. That way I can't be disappointed. I never expected to have a family, and once I got sick I never expected to get better. I am glad that I don't have to deal with the disappointment of dying alone now… Don't look at me like that. I don't want you to pity me. Nobody adopts kids that are just going to die. I was born with my heart issues and I have known I have cancer since I was ten. But I am here for right now, so don't look at me like that. You could get hit by a bus on the way home." I stuck my tongue out at him. He really did seem too young to be a doctor, but too old to be so good at his job. I was just glad he didn't bring a grief counselor with him. "Alright Iona, I must be on my way. I have other patients to attend to. I will assume you do not want a grief counselor to counselor to come in here?" I shook my head violently at the suggestion. "If you need anything, at anytime, just tell one of the nurses. Whether I am on-call or not, whether it is a doctor you need or just someone to talk to, do not hesitate to have someone call me." With that being said he left me alone. I couldn't help but wonder if he was so kind to all of his patients. Maybe just the ones he felt the most sorry for. I hoped he would actually mention me to his family. Just so some people will realize my existence. I grabbed the remote control and flipped the cannels until I found a rerun of What a Wonderful Life. I thought it was strange that they were playing it in the summer, but watched it anyways. After a while food was brought in and I forced myself to eat the disgusting hospital food. Of course ten minutes later I threw it up. When I was done gagging and coughing and throwing up, I somehow managed to brush my teeth and make it back to my bed. It had grown indescribably more comfortable since twenty minutes ago. I tried to sleep but the room was spinning too fast. Soon after the vomiting party my body decided to give me, a (mean) nurse came in and gave me pain medication and medication for my nausea. I was out like a light within a few minutes, thankfully. I was sitting in a small church of some sort, alone. There was only a man in some kind of robes with is head bowed in prayer over a casket, but I could not hear anything. Th e silence was eerie. I slowly got up from my seat on the pew and walked over to the casket. The man didn't even notice my presence. I peered into the casket and screamed. I was in the casket. I couldn't hear my screams, which scared me and caused me to scream louder. Still nothing. I looked around the room frantically, but other than the priest, it was empty. Something cold was on my arm, shaking me. "Iona, wake up! It is just a dream!" A high pitched voice ordered. My eyes flew open and I took in my surroundings. A hospital room, not a church. The erratic beeping of my heart monitor told me I needed to calm down. I took a deep breath, as I always did, and pushed all the negative emotions and thoughts away. Once the beeping was steadier I looked at the person who had awoken me. I recognized her instantly but was confused to see Alice Cullen standing in my hospital room. Next to her was an equally beautiful, but slightly older woman I could only assume to be Dr. Cullen's wife. "Um hello. Please excuse me but why are you in my room?" I asked them. I glanced at the clock to see it was only seven in the morning. "My name is Esme Cullen; my husband is one of your doctors. He told me when he came home from work last night that Iona Jones said to tell me 'that we will meet someday, in the beyond that comes after life'. I was immediately perplexed and told him I did not know who he was talking about. He went on to tell me that a girl in the hospital wanted someone to say goodbye to, and then relayed your goodbye to our children." I slowly nodded. "I am sorry, but I still do not understand. Why are you here?" I questioned them. Alice spoke this time. "Carlisle is not allowed to talk about patients due to confidentiality and what-not, but he said he felt it was alright to tell us that you were dying and you had no family. Esme wanted to come and meet you last night, but we didn't want to wake you up. So, we decided to come before I have to go to school this morning. And of course I remember you. You gave up your seat so I could sit next to Edward at the school assembly last year, and offered me your jacket even though your teeth were chattering in the cold old gym. Carlisle wanted to tell us about your wish, but said we should ask you about it because he did not