Chapter One King's Cross Station in all its effervescent bustling reflected the feeling in Sirius' chest. At last, at long last, the day had arrived. Two weeks of strict confinement to his room, only being let out for meals, had infused in Sirius a singular obsession: this moment of arrival at Platform Nine and Three Quarters. The wrought iron archway seemed to glow like a beacon of hope. The party consisted of his mother, Andromeda, Narcissa and Regulus. Andromeda and Narcissa immediately went their own ways after bidding a formal goodbye to Walburga. His mother looked extremely uncomfortable in the presence of the general public. Before they had passed through to the platform, she had walked as though with tunnel vision, blocking out the Muggles around her. Being among witches and wizards was an improvement to her, but she gazed warily in all directions, making sure not to touch anything or anyone. Regulus was looking miserable. He saw the reflections of socializing children in his brother's eyes and knew what he was thinking. He could feel the tether between them stretching. Sirius had already phased into his new world in his mind's eye. Regulus didn't want to let go. "Sirius," he whispered, in an attempt that he already knew was futile to keep his brother just a little bit longer. With great difficulty, Sirius tore his attention away from the scene to look at Regulus. Though only a year and a half apart, he was already significantly taller. He put his hands on Regulus' shoulders. "This isn't forever you know," he said, to which Regulus looked even more distraught. Sirius pulled him in for a hug. "It's only for a year," he whispered. "Before you know it, you'll be here with me!" He smiled, then turned and ran for the train before his mother could give him any of her usual warnings. He strolled down the aisle slowly, looking inside each compartment as he went. He passed a group of older students comparing stories from the World Cup. Further on, he passed Andromeda with her group of friends. She smiled and waved when she saw him. With a jolt, the train started to move and he found a compartment with boys who looked to be close to his age. One boy was chatting animatedly to the other two boys. Sirius chose the opposite side without asking whether the seat was available or not. The talkative boy paused. He grinned at Sirius. "I'm James Potter," he said. "Who are you?" "Sirius Black," Sirius said, appreciating James' lack of formality. "And you two?" he nodded to the other boys, who were red haired and clearly twins. "Gideon and Fabian Prewett," they said in unison. "We're third years," one said. "Little James here is starting his first," said the other. He ruffled James' already messy black hair. James playfully swatted his hands away. "Clearly, you are as well." Sirius nodded and lounged back across the seat, putting his hands behind his head and his feet on the wall. "Groovy," the first twin said. "I may be starting my first year," James said, puffing out his chest, "but I have the skills of a seventh year." "James likes to talk big–" one twin said. "–for someone so small," finished the other. "Oh really," Sirius challenged with a lopsided smile. "What spells do you know?" James took his wand from his pocket. " Ducklifors !" he said, pointing it at Sirius. For a brief moment, Sirius was a duck. One of the twins returned him to his natural state and Sirius joined in their laughter. James bowed. Sirius waved his wand at James and said, " Anteoculatia !" James' messy dark hair disappeared and was replaced with antlers. The boys roared with laughter. "It's a good look for you," Sirius said as the laughter died down and James' hair was returned to him. "You'd better be in Slytherin," a voice carried over from the far corner of the compartment. There were two occupants Sirius had not noticed: a thin, dirty haired boy and a pretty, redheaded girl with green eyes, who looked as though she'd been crying. James turned, also seemingly taken by surprise that there were other people present. "Who wants to be in Slytherin?" James asked Sirius. "I think I'd leave, wouldn't you?" Sirius contained his surprise. The way his relatives talked about it, he wasn't aware that there was anyone who didn't want to be in Slytherin. Even Andromeda was proud to represent her House. "My whole family have been in Slytherin," he said. "Blimey," said James, "and I thought you seemed alright!" Sirius grinned. "Maybe I'll break the tradition," he said. He briefly imagined the pleasure of not seeing his family's friends every day for the next seven years. "Where are you heading, if you've got the choice?" James lifted an invisible sword. "'Gryffindor, where dwell the brave at heart!' Like my dad." The dirty haired boy snorted. "Got a problem with that?" James said, puffing his chest out again. "No," said the boy with a sneer, "if you'd rather be brawny than brainy–" "Where are you hoping to go, seeing as you're neither?" Sirius interjected. James doubled over with laughter. The crying girl stood up, shooting them both angry looks. "Come on Severus," she said. "Let's find another compartment." "Ooooo! Let's find another compartment!" Sirius and James mimicked her tone together, laughing. James tried to trip Severus as they passed. "See ya, Snivellus!" one of the twins called. The compartment shook with the laughter of all four boys. "Well we'd best be going," said the other twin after a moment. "Mundugus Fletcher – he's another third year – claims he's brought firewhiskey on board, and we've simply got to know whether or not that's true." They stood up and said simultaneously, "Bye James, bye Sirius!" and exited. James tossed Sirius a Chocolate Frog. "So do your parents expect you to be in Slytherin?" he asked. Sirius frowned. He was hoping the subject would be dropped. "There has never been another option in their minds," he said. "If it wasn't for my cousin Andromeda, I wouldn't even have known that there were other Houses." He sighed. "I came here to get away from my family. If I have to be stuck with them and their friends for the next seven years I might as well just leap off this train now. They don't approve of me and I'm not terribly fond of them." "Well if it helps, you don't seem like a Slytherin," James said bracingly. Sirius gave a half smile and popped the Chocolate Frog into his mouth. "Have you got a broomstick back home?" he asked. "Of course I do!" James said, sitting up straighter. "A Cleansweep Six. Do you?" "I have the same! It's a shame that first years aren't allowed to bring their own brooms." "Utterly moronic," James agreed. "How am I supposed to show off my moves on a dilapidated school broom? You know we're supposed to take flying lessons, right?" Sirius laughed. "I don't need flying lessons!" he said. "I've been flying since I was two! I've fallen off my broom so many times that they should name the Bone Healing Spell after me." "I bet I've fallen from a greater height than you," James challenged. "I doubt that. I bet you cry for your mum when you fall out of bed." "You know nothing of my endurance," James said. "When we get to school I'll prove it to you." "Alright then," Sirius said, crossing his arms. "We shall see." "Who is your favorite Quidditch team?" James asked through a mouthful of Pumpkin Pasty. Sirius smiled dreamily. "I'm partial to the Holyhead Harpies. Aside from their obvious skill, they are a gorgeous group of ladies. I'd let Gwendolyn Morgan concuss me with her broomstick any day." James choked on a Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Bean. They continued to discuss Quidditch teams and the World Cup that Sirius missed out on until the sunlight began to fade and they decided to change into their school robes. There was an unspoken excitement between them. The train began to slow down and a quiet fell upon the two boys. They eyed each other, each silently daring the other to voice his nervousness. Prefects were moving up and down the aisle, trying to keep order. Sirius thought that looked like a futile task. The train stopped and they filed out, Sirius following James to the exit. There were carriages nearby, but to their left they heard a voice saying, "Firs' years this way, firs' years – move on, Fabian, I'm not takin' yer over the lake again – firs' years over here!" The voice was coming from the largest man Sirius had ever seen. Looking up, James stopped in his tracks and Sirius walked right into him. "Who are you?" James asked. "Name's Rubeus Hagrid," the man said. "I'm the one taking yeh up ter the castle. Everyone here? Alrigh', follow me." He waved them on and strode off. Though he was walking, his stride was so long that each student had to run just to keep up with him. The field through which they were running was wet with dew and they were slipping and sliding. Everyone fell at least once in their haste to keep up with Hagrid. They came to a dock that overlooked a massive black lake. There were a dozen or so boats lined up around the area. Directly in front of the lake was their first view of Hogwarts. Sirius had heard all about it from his cousins, but nothing compared to seeing the real thing. Others around him gasped at the sight. "See that, James?" he said, pointing to one of the towers. "If you want to prove your falling skills to me, you'll have no problem jumping right off that tower." "Oh, I could do that with my wand arm behind my back," James said. Hagrid corralled them. "On ter the boats now," he said. "Four of yeh ter a boat." James and Sirius sat on one together and were joined by a girl who introduced herself to them as Marlene McKinnon and a boy named Evan Rosier. Sirius recognized Rosier as one of his family's friends and did not greet him. "FORWARD!" Hagrid ordered the boats. "Sirius," Rosier said importantly. "I didn't see you on the train. Bellatrix wanted me to make sure you made friends with the right people." "Bellatrix doesn't decide for me who my friends are," Sirius said coldly. He turned to James. "What do you reckon lives in this lake?" "Haven't a clue," said James, who seemed to be on board with acting as though Rosier was not present. "What have you got in mind?" Sirius stood up and began rocking the boat back and forth. "What are you doing?" demanded Marlene, who looked green. "I don't like this, I don't like water!" "What sort of childish behavior is this?" said Rosier. "Stop this right now!" James stood up and together they stood on one side of the boat, unbalanced it, and plunged all four of them into the lake. Sirius was submerged completely, but bobbed right back to the top, laughing. The water was ice cold. Marlene was screaming as though she was being murdered. Rosier was sputtering with rage. Hagrid had brought his boat back around. He grabbed Marlene by the back of her robes and returned her to the boat. He picked up Rosier and put him in a different boat with three other boys. James and Sirius were treading water, but they had no chance of getting back into the boat without outside assistance. Other students were watching; half of them were laughing and half seemed to be terrified for their safety. "This isn't s-s-s-s-so b-bad! You can leave us here all night if you like!" Sirius said to Hagrid, who was trying to make his way over to the two boys.