HERE YOU GO, JAHFREEN. NOW LEAVE ME ALONE. also, happy birthday. love you. Greed is Green There's a painting of a boy in the attic. It's hiding in one of the far corners, half behind a broken door. Its gold frame attracts her attention in the first place. It's very large, for a painting, almost like the artist who painted it wanted to have enough room for the boy to stand. The boy, however, isn't standing at all. He's crossed-legged, elbows on his knees, hunched over himself. His dark hair falls over his face. He looks sad, and the first time Annabeth sees him, she can't help but wonder who would paint such a thing. Then she wonders how it ended up in the attic of all places. She finds herself staring at the picture, standing directly in front of it. "Are you going to block my sunlight all day," a voice says, "or are you planning on moving anytime soon?" Annabeth jumps back, startled. She looks behind her, thinking that she hadn't heard anyone else coming up the stairs. "Down here," the voice says again. Annabeth's eyes are drawn to the painting, and she sees the boy staring up at her, his head now resting on his palm. "You're a painting," she says stupidly. "Wow!" the painting replies. "I didn't know that. Aren't you a genius?" This causes Annabeth to blink. She was just insulted by someone's art work. No wonder it is in the attic, if it's this snarky. "No need to be so rude," she says back. "Please accept my apology, daughter of Athena," he says, shifting so he can stand up properly. "How do you know I'm a daughter of Athena?" she asks, surprised. "Your eyes," he replies simply. "You all have grey eyes." "Are you a demigod?" she wonders. "I was. I don't know if I would still be considered one." "Because you're a painting?" she fills in. The boy nods, green eyes uncaring and bored. "Yes." Annabeth finds herself studying the boy. He's quite older than her, about sixteen years old, maybe a bit younger, but definitely not older than that. He's dressed in dark pants, a white button up shirt and a suit jacket. The outfit is definitely old, as is the painting. She can tell the painting is old because the paint, which she thinks is oils, is beginning to crack in some-places, which suggests to her that no one has been looking after it. Maybe they don't care. "How can you talk?" she asks after a moment. "I was a real person," he says, "before they cursed me. Now I'm stuck in here." "Oh," Annabeth says. His answer doesn't satisfy her, but she doesn't know what else to say. "I'm sorry." "Of course you are," the boy says somewhat bitterly, and returns back to sitting hunched over. That was the end of their interactions. Annabeth returns back downstairs, completely forgetting about the Great Prophecy. The next time she sneaks back up is a few weeks later. For a while, she had forgotten about him. But suddenly, an urge filled her, and she finds herself back into the dusty corner. The boy in in his same position, all curled in on himself. Annabeth sits down beside him. "Hello," she whispers, like she was afraid to startle him. The boy looks up at her, his eyes bored. "You're back." "Yes," she says, "I am." "Isn't the attic off limits?" he asks, "or have things changed since I was your age?" "I'm a cabin leader, so I can come up here whenever I want." "You're a bit young," he says, eyeing her. "I'm eleven," she says, proud of herself. "You're still young." "My name is Percy Jackson," he tells her eventually. "Annabeth Chase," she replies. Percy nods and leans back in his painting. It's an odd thing to see, watching a two-dimensional figure interact with their environment like it was three-dimensional. "What year is it, Annabeth?" he asks. His head is back, exposing his Adam's apple. She tells him the date, waiting for his reaction. He pauses for a moment before humming. "I was born in 1893," he says after a moment. "I came to Camp in 1905, when I was twelve. Three years later, I was cursed." "You're fifteen," Annabeth confirms. "You're not that much older than me." "I'm over a hundred years old," he corrects. "Technically, but you've been in limbo for most of it." Percy glares at her, and refuses to say any more. Luke wonders where she goes during the day, but she just shrugs his questions off. When he asks again, she admits that she's been exploring the attic. He doesn't ask again. "What do you have against my mother?' Annabeth finally demands. For some reason, Percy had been very insulting. Even more so than usual. "We're natural enemies," he says, like it was obvious. "And she's a terrible parent." "They all are," Annabeth says, "But she got me a hat for my birthday." "How grand. A hat ," Percy mocks. Annabeth pulls the hat out of her pocket. "Watch this." Once it's on her head, she's invisible. Percy's eyes widened comically. She couldn't deny that she didn't enjoy his surprise. "An invisibility hat," he murmurs. She pulls the hat off her head. "I'm twelve now." He studies her closely. "Still a bit young." "Do you sleep?" she asks one day. Percy looks at her like she's insane. "Of course not, I'm a painting." And that was the end of that. When it's Christmas time, Annabeth brings some decorations to the attic. Percy watches dully from his frame as she places them around him. She eventually moved him from his dusty, crowded corner so he now sits completely uncovered on a section of wall. "I called my dad," she says as she hangs a ornament on the corner of the shiny gold frame. "Call... like a telephone?" "Yes," she says. Percy glares at the little ball, and reaches up to swat it before realizing he can't. A long while ago she realized that Percy didn't know most of the technology she had been talking about, and that he probably grew up somewhere below the poverty line. One day she took the time to explain all of the modern technology. "Continue," he says, like she needs his permission. "I ended up agreeing to coming home for Christmas, and if it works out, I might try going to school." "That's... nice." he says eventually. She studies him carefully. "You'll miss me." "No, of course I won't." She giggles. "You like me." "You're the only person who comes up here," he says defensively. "My only contact to the outside world." "Yeah, yeah." She's lying down on her back, on a blanket she had set out a few months ago, right in front of him. She's tired, after staying up the night before, working on a blueprint. "How'd you end up in there, anyways?" she asks, then regrets it a small bit when she looks up at his face. He's standing, something he enjoys doing after sitting around all day, waiting for her. "How old are you, again?" he asks. "Just turned thirteen, remember?" "Still too young." She rolls over to her side, glaring defiantly at him. "You're an asshole, you know that?" And then she leaves with a huff. Percy is surprised she didn't stamp her feet while she was at it. She's reading him a fantasy book. He doesn't admit it, but he enjoys listening to the story. Every once and awhile he stops her and asks about a reference that he doesn't get. Every few paragraphs, she glances up at him. He's leaning against one end of the painting where the frame cuts off the imaginary, grey world he occupies. His eyes are closed. From what Annabeth is able to figure, his frame acts like a wall. He can only walk across from one side of the frame to the other, but he can walk infinitely backwards. Of course, he stays the same size, like he's walking on the spot, but for him it feels like he's walking miles. Another thing she notices is how handsome he is. She wasn't as able to appreciate it when she was eleven, but boy, now she can. She continues to read, oblivious to the smile that crosses his face, a look of pure bliss. She comes back from another year of school, now fourteen. She settles in quickly, doing the customary greetings. On the inside, she anxious to see one of her closest friends. Even if he's a painting. A rude, annoying painting. "I'm fourteen," she tells him, a hopeful expression on her face. "So?" he asks. "Can you tell me how you ended up in there now?" He hesitates. "I suppose. But it's a long story, and it's almost dinner." She glares at him. "I don't care if I miss dinner." "What I care about is Chiron looking for you and finding you up here with me," he says. "I don't care about if you go hungry." "I don't really mind if he finds out," she says, ignoring his rude comment. "I've been coming up here for years, he can't stop me now." "Yes, he can." "What, lock the attic up?" she snorts. "No," he says leaning forwards. His green eyes that Annabeth has come to know and love darken suddenly. "He'll burn me." "He wouldn't," she says, scandalized that he would say something like that. Chiron is a mentor to her, and she can't imagine him ever doing anything like that. Percy almost looks pleased with himself. "He would. And I'll tell you why..." Annabeth's eyes go larger at the idea of new information. "After dinner," he finishes with a smirk. Asshole. She decides to wait until everyone is at the camp fire before going back up. He's hunched over himself, much like he was the first time he met her. "This better be good," she says once she settles down onto her blankets. He watches her carefully and then begins. "My mother was very poor," he begins, speaking slowly and quietly. The words seem to be slipping out between his lips. "Her parents died when she was young, and they left her no money. She was sent to live with her uncle, after that, but he died before she was even considered a woman. She carried on living in his house until the debt collectors kicked her out. And then she met my father." "Who was he?" Annabeth asked. Percy continued like he hadn't heard her. "She fell in love with him, like they all do, and he left her when she learned she was pregnant with me. No one wanted anything to do with her after that. Her reputation had been ruined." "That's terrible," Annabeth says, picturing herself in the same situation. What would she have done? "Yes, it was. I grew up in poverty, in a run-down house. My mother worked odd jobs just so we could scrape by. When I was around eleven years old, she became sick. It was like a cold, at first, and we thought it would pass. But it just became worse and worse until she was bedridden. She died right before Christmas." The story isn't what she was expecting. "Like I said before, I came to Camp Half-Blood in 1905, when I was about twelve I was claimed by my father soon after I arrived, and I shared a cabin with my brother and sister. It wasn't long after that I grew to love it here. I had enough food to eat for once; it was like heaven. "But after a year or so of my arrival, I began to notice a pattern. Many of the other demigods were wealthy. They could go home after the summer to a family that loved them and didn't have to worry about money. It made me angry." He pauses here and catches her eye. "Do