"Yet now I curse whate'er entices And snares the soul with visions vain; With dazzling cheats and dear devices Confines it in this cave of pain! Cursed be, at once, the high ambition Wherewith the mind itself deludes! Cursed be the glare of apparition That on the finer sense intrudes! Cursed be the lying dream's impression Of name, and fame, and laurelled brow! Cursed, all that flatters as possession, As wife and child, as knave and plow!" (-Goethe's Faust.) Drip drop. There are footsteps and distant shouts. A darkness follows behind. Drip drop. It's an endless plain. An eternity of plains and meadows, floating atop the sky beneath. Drip drop. This is the last chance he's got. ["He's almost dead, won't last long. Wounded too badly, bleeding too quickly. He won't last the hour." "This wasn't supposed to go this way; we weren't supposed to go this far." "What could we do otherwise? He was about to–" "It's all gone wrong, so wrong. What will we–"] Drip drop. He remembers a question; the uttering of a wish. He remembers smiling and a Daedra's laughs. Plains turning to snow and ice with a burst of red glass. Drip drop. "We have a bargain, little hero" OoO He dreams himself waking. Drip drop, it goes. Drip drop, it keeps going. He opens his eyes, and isn't sure what it was that he was doing. Doesn't know anything but the sight of darkness, ice, and snow. He sees a pentagram around him, a thick mixture poured within. Hist sap and amber, blood and a unicorn's horn… A smile and a thousand steps, bare skin is against the snow. He's not sure of his name. Drip drop, it goes, drip drop. He keeps walking, too. Hears rain, but doesn't feel it. Sees, but feels no sunshine or cold. He keeps walking, step after step, not knowing where to go. He leaves the pentagram behind. There is carnage all around him. He feels a strange thirst. Drip drop. Time seems irrelevant and meaningless. He doesn't know how long he's slept; how long he's been here. Fresh air fills his lungs. There is an opening before him. He runs and sees a stone bridge leading to it. Drip, drip. He burns and the light blinds him, making him run back inside. It only stops when the two moons appear in the clear night sky. By then he knows his name and that of the cave behind him. He has succeeded, his wish being granted. "…who are you, then?" "I am part of that power which eternally wills evil and eternally works good." (-Goethe's Faust.) He had first heard his name from the lips of the very arch mage of the College of Winterhold. "Tom Marvolo Riddle?" Harry asked, "is that the person I must find?" The genial old arch mage of the Winterhold College nodded at him, a smile appearing on his face. Albus Dumbledore – a living legend in the study of magic. The very man that had defeated Grindelwald. Three other teachers at the College were with them inside the room – a woman and two men. The room itself was filled with all manner of artifacts, trinkets, and books; both open and closed. A detailed map of Tamriel covered a side of the wall, and in front of it, a view of the recently-ruined city of Winterhold. "What has he done?" The old wizard observed him for a few seconds before replying. "Tom is…" he started, stopping to think. One of the teachers at the college, a certain Minerva McGonagall, frowned worriedly at the start of the phrase. Another one, Alastor Moody, looked furious at the sole mention of the man's name. Harry remained silent, and though curious awaited the arch mage to continue. "He was one of our most promising students, but we were forced to expel him," Dumbledore explained. A certain sadness was visible in his expression. "He's been involved with… Well, we need him to put a stop to his experiments." "Expulsion? What could have he done that is bad enough to merit that?" Harry exclaimed, giving voice to his curiosity. "The College is usually lenient, isn't it?" The other male teacher, who had introduced himself as Horace Slughorn, looked down with apparent regret; and the arch mage gave him a sad smile. Ah, so that was it. Daedras and forbidden knowledge. He had to admit it was ironic. "I'll take care of it." The four wizards smiled. OoO He felt the fires being lit, and just with that, he knew. Harry plunged through the narrow alleyways, worn leather boots meandering and stepping on the slush, the wet wood, the mud, breathing rasping in his chest, blood thumping in his head. He stumbled and sprawled onto his right, nearly falling through a collapsed section of the makeshift pinewood platform covering the ground, laid there painting, peering at the still water below through the broken floor. Remus had been with him until hours before, until they had gotten separated upon nearing the village. The plan itself had been good. Remus had hidden himself in preparation of the full moon, and Harry had entered the known village in search of a man he had only heard rumours and stories about. It was easy to enter a town in the middle of the night, more so an almost-village without any protective walls, and there hadn't supposed to have been any problems. It'd be easier to find his target and find something to feed on if he could roam the alleyways without any surprises or guards. At least, until he had been accidentally found. Not that there was any sign of him now. Some plan, this was, falling apart like it had. The guards of the town still hadn't caught up with him, but the frantic sounds of movement in the distance told Harry everything he needed to know. He had been caught, or well, not yet, exactly. Just noticed. Harry could hear them running through the main streets. His nose full of the smell of them amidst the foul stench of the streets. Fires had been lit, and parties had started to be organised to find him. Harry slowly crept onto his feet, movements silent. One of the floorboard creaked, and he whipped around. There was an arrow coming straight at him. A sharp-looking thing aimed straight at his head, a guard at its other end. Harry threw himself to one side, slipped, and fell on his face. The arrow struck wood. Harry rolled towards the edge of the platform and onto the mud below, expecting an arrow through his back at any moment. He scrambled up, breathing heavy. Mud stuck to his robes, dampening and dirtying the cloth. A bow tensed. He lunged forward and slid beneath the pinewood platform, raising his wand and casting a quick disillusionment spell. A glow lit the mud beneath as energy, summoned, enveloped him. Magic cracked through the air. The glow got stronger. He had to find the wizard whilst the cover of the night lasted. If not, finding the mysterious man again could potentially take months, if not years. Harry inhaled slowly, and felt himself take the colour and texture of the things around him. He pressed forward, making sure he didn't step on the water. Still, there was no way to avoid leaving footprints on the mud. If the guards were apt enough to spot him with his disillusionment charm he'd have to crawl beneath the platform and rely on it for cover. Sneaking and misdirection he'd rely on once he had found the other mage, once he had more time. He eyed the platform above, spotting the guard which had shot at him. 'Tall, pale, hard eyes. Most likely a Nord,' he thought. The man looked weary and frightened, he was looking for him. He'd spot him or alert any allies if Harry wasn't careful. Harry exhaled, directing himself towards the man whilst stepping over and avoiding the stagnant puddles and rocks. He wouldn't risk slipping or giving his location away fully. Harry raised his wand, and muttered a spell. Pale energy gathered, and magic cracked through the air again. He aimed at the Nord. The magic left the wand and hit the man full on, causing him to fall onto the ground petrified. Harry relaxed and looked around as he stepped once again on the platform. Light was dim in the alleys, and only the light of the moons gave any hints of his surroundings. He spotted a particularly empty-looking street and made a dash for it, he'd need to hide until things calmed down and he could return to attempting to find the man. He lunged towards the empty area, keeping himself unseen with the disillusionment spell and hid to a side of it, beneath the portal to an old-looking house. He crouched, almost wishing himself to become a part of the shadows and darkness. The cold winter air blew strong, and Harry hid a grimace. His clothes felt dirty and cold. His worn black boots were coated in a mud that had soiled and further stained his robes. It was hard to even imagine that they had all been elegant and new once upon a time, before they had been worn away badly by time and nature. He had deliberately waited until the two moons had risen high up in the night's sky before making his daring entrance into Dawnstar. Even being a master at illusion magic and sneaking wouldn't save him from what awaited him were he to get caught. It had been three days since he had last even seen a human, and he never had dared to so much as touch Remus, no matter what the kind-hearted werewolf offered for sustenance. The night was cold around him, its air cold and moist, though he didn't really feel it. It was winter still, and no green or warmth could be felt or seen outside. The town's streets had been completely empty and deserted except from a guard on duty or two, both due to the darkness the night brought and the cold winds of winter. The smell of rain hung heavily over the town, and blackened puddles of rainwater lingered in the soaked-through mud. It was late, way past the time for people to stay either outside or awake. Not a soul could be seen in the deserted streets, with only beggars remaining within them. Harry had found himself in a pensive mood, lost in the past as he found himself within the streets of the familiar village. Things had changed, and how thoroughly. Dawnstar. This had been his home, once, before the inhuman thirst and hunger. It was a strange thought. It wasn't exactly the best of times to remember, but with the familiar surroundings he couldn't exactly help it. He had remained away from civilisation for too long, and was surprised to see how much the village had changed through the years. New houses had sprung up, as proud owners wishing to establish themselves settled themselves into the ancient village. Clothing styles had changed and evolved, no longer the same as those Harry remembered in his youth, and only he seemed to have remained frozen in time. Appearance worn and young despite all the change around him, the clothes he wore similarly frozen in time. He was sure that if he let himself, he'd be able to find his old family home. Perhaps it'd still even be occupied by his cousins and their sons and grandsons. Perhaps even by his parents, if they were still alive. It had been far too long, it had all occurred too long ago already. Decades had gone past and he barely felt them except when looking at how the world had changed. It had all started with a wish, then. Noble, urgent, and pure. It almost pained him to remember, despite the good that it had done. Then there had