The waiting room was expensive and elegant, more so than anything Harry had ever had the chance to see. He was sitting on a dark leather sofa facing a huge marble fireplace, his hands clenched on his lap as he tried to keep himself from fidgeting. He knew had never been here before, as the loud complaints his twin, James Potter, showed. No, their mother had somehow managed to get them to go with their father to a meeting with Abraxas Malfoy, all in the spirit of learning how business was usually conducted. They had even had to leave a half-finished game of gobstones behind, and it had only been Euphemia Potter's no-nonsense tone of voice that had made it glaringly clear that their strange trip wasn't up for discussion. Even if neither of them knew or liked Lucius Malfoy – the other had always been too old and they had never really met him. "It'll be a good experience for both of you," was what their father had said. But no words coming from the usually lenient Fleamont Potter had managed to stop him or James from complaining. James still was even now, but Harry had stopped the minute he had seen the manor. They had never been here before – Harry at least knew he certainly hadn't – but he still could recognise the building that they had entered, interior included. He had always known that his dreams weren't exactly normal, though he had never thought much about them. They had always seemed strangely real and vivid, especially when comparing to the ones he knew James had, but he had never really bothered thinking about them. However, Harry was sure that he shouldn't have been able to recognise the centre piece of decoration atop the marble fireplace in the Malfoy's waiting room. Yet there it was, and Harry didn't know what to think about it. All of the rest of the objects were exactly as he remembered, too, even the mirror despite the intricate snake design on its borders. It wasn't normal. It had made him forget completely about any complaints he had said aloud on their way there through the floo network – why was that old photograph exactly the same as what he had seen in his dreams? The people in it were even standing in the same positions, and Harry could even remember what the supposed story behind it was, too, along with the names of the photograph's occupants. Abraxas Malfoy, with short and distinctive blond hair, posing together with a group of his friends from Slytherin – Mulciber, Avery, Lestrange, and a sullen-looking one he was sure was called Tom Riddle. It had been taken in their fifth year at Hogwarts, when a wolf some student had been illegally keeping had attacked a student... or had it been a basilisk? Harry couldn't really remember the details, he hadn't bothered noting down the dream. Yet there it was, defiantly looking exactly the same as what he had seen in his dream, and Harry didn't know what to make of it. Were things supposed to be the same as in dreams? Of course, not everything was the same only the furniture – the people he had seen talking whilst looking at the picture were nowhere to be seen, and, to top it off, it was also daytime. He knew the fireplace had been the only thing lighting the room when he had dreamt of this. Dreams weren't supposed to be like this, or were they? Should Harry ask his father about it? He knew James wouldn't believe him, that was for sure. He'd just accuse him of lying. The door to the waiting room suddenly opened, and Harry felt his father suddenly get up and stand. "Abraxas," he greeted, bowing politely and with a slight smile on his lips. "Fleamont, it's a pleasure to see you here," a tall, blond man said with a similarly polite bow and smile. "I trust you didn't have to wait for too long?" Harry's father laughed and shook his head, "not at all, we just barely arrived." He then turned to Harry and James, gesturing at them. "These are my sons - James and Harry. I thought it would be best if they accompanied me today to see how business is often conducted." Harry immediately copied the bow his father had given the man, and James followed soon afterwards. Abraxas nodded, smiling slightly and bowing again "the sooner one can introduce our children to the ways of society, the better." He was wearing a golden ring, Harry noticed, one he could again recognise. Fleamont kept his smile firmly in place. "Shall we get started then? I believe we were about to reach an agreement on the price for my company and the rights to the Sleekeazy's Hair Potion." "Of course," Abraxas replied. "If you would follow me, Fleamont. Agreeing on the final terms shouldn't be too hard, I'm sure. Should I tell Lucius to come meet your sons?" Harry knew he shouldn't interrupt the conversation between the two men, especially not when they were about to decide what James and him would be doing whilst they were finishing an agreement, but he couldn't get the strange photograph out of his head. However, he knew it could very well be his only chance, and he really didn't want to spend the next weeks wondering about why the photograph he had seen in his dreams existed and was there at all. Harry gulped and clenched his left hand. He then straightened his back in the same way he had seen his father do whenever he was about to meet an important client or business partner, and looked straight at Abraxas. "Mr. Malfoy, sir," he said, trying to not sound as nervous as he felt. He wasn't sure his father would like the interruption or the strange question. "If it's okay to ask, is that photograph, the one on the fireplace, from your fifth year at Hogwarts?" His father was about to protest and tell him off for asking the strange question when Abraxas, looking as surprised as someone could be, replied. "It is, in fact," he said, staring right at Harry. He then moved to get the picture, and a soft look appeared briefly in his eyes as he looked at it. "Why do you ask?" Harry looked to a side, suddenly nervous. He wasn't sure he would be able to hold the man's curious and intent gaze. "A basilisk or a wolf, I can't remember, attacked some students at Hogwarts that year too, right?" Harry continued, ignoring the man's question, excited that the man had confirmed what he had dreamed. Abraxas Malfoy pursed his lips, "it was a wolf cub, yes. A student, Hagrid, if I remember correctly, brought it into the school that year, and it attacked a friend of mine" He then frowned, and Harry knew he definitely shouldn't have been supposed to know about that. Harry grinned, excited. "Oh! I remember, Avery, right? He managed to recover, though. He was saying that whilst you were all looking at the picture frame with everyone in the picture – Mulciber, Lestrange... Someone mentioned something about a basilisk too, but I can't remember who." Nothing, not a word. Total silence. Maybe he should say that he had seen it in one of his dreams? It took him a few moments to reply, and by then both James and his father were looking at him with strange eyes, "I saw it in a dream, sir. I was curious when I saw the photograph, and wanted to see if the story I had heard was true." "It is, but I'm not entirely sure how you could come to know about that through a dream." Harry frowned, he didn't quite understand that either. A full minute had almost gone by before his eyes widened as he remembered something else. He had almost forgotten, and he didn't want to be seen as rude, not with his father around. He looked back at Abraxas for a few seconds, only to immediately look down. "Sorry for being rude, Mr. Malfoy, I had forgotten," he then started saying. "I'm sorry about the dragon pox, I hope you recover soon." Abraxas Malfoy immediately stared at him in utter shock, along with his father. He didn't have the disease, as it turned out. Only James broke the uncomfortable silence that immediately settled around them, grinning with an excitement that didn't match his surroundings as he immediately asked what else Harry had seen in his dream. When he heard from his father that Abraxas had caught dragon pox just a week after their meeting with the reigning Lord Malfoy, Harry felt a strange weight in the pit of his stomach. Everything quickly started changing. OoO James had probably been the most excited out of all of his family, and had immediately started asking questions the minute they had left the Malfoy manor. Harry couldn't have been more grateful for the excited grin that had graced his twin's lips every time he had mentioned and told James of one of his dreams. He had gifted him a nice-looking leather-bound blank notebook with which to keep track of his dreams. Would a snake bite their grandfather, Henry Potter? And if it did, would Orion Black also end up having trouble passing a law at the Wizengamot because of a scandal? They had quickly made a game out of trying to see if each of the things Harry had dreamt of came to happen, and it was all settled in their minds when they saw on a newspaper that the star seeker of the Montrose Magpies had fallen from his broom in the middle of their match against the Wimbourne Wasps. James had been particularly impressed at that one, Harry noticed. "That settles it, Harry. We'll make a fortune betting on quidditch matches!" Harry wasn't sure how to feel about about that, and didn't know whether he had the heart to tell James that he didn't usually dream about quidditch results and wasn't sure it would be okay to use his dreams like that. He hadn't really been fully honest with his twin, though, and hadn't really mentioned the fears that he had had after being able to guess like that that Abraxas Malfoy was going to catch dragon pox. Still, he was glad that James had been so excited for him. His parents... They had been different, and hadn't looked excited in any way. His mother had stared at him awkwardly for a few seconds before hugging him and praising his ability. She had smiled, she really had, but Harry could tell she was worried. "Having the sight is a great gift, Harry," she had said. "You'll have to be careful from now on." His father had just briefly congratulated him before starting to write a letter to an esteemed professor he knew. Harry had tried his best not to mind, and had instead just spent the better of his days playing quidditch with his brother. Only Harry's great-uncle, Charlus Potter, had been the only one to react normally, rather than with the eerie and reverent sort of silence his parents had first looked at him with. He had treated Harry differently, and whilst he had offered Harry praise and congratulated him, he had quickly started soothing Harry's fears. "Anyone can change their fate, Harry," Charlus had said, with a confident voice. "Never forget that, no matter what you see. Don't think for a second anything you see makes you guilty of it." Harry couldn't have been happier at hearing that. Life had just started going back to normal when his parents received the visit of the professor that his father had written to after the Abraxas incident. Harry couldn't have been more excited to meet the man, as had been James: Albus Dumbledore, the famous headmaster of Hogwarts. He was old, as