Royal Engagement (Gale/Madge) (Prompt) " we've been engaged to be married since we were three but this is the first time we've met and your portraits really don't do you justice" A/N: this is a prompt I got from tumblr that Hawtsee asked me to do. It's been on tumblr for a while. And since NurseKelly said yes yes yes to making it a full-fledged fic...here it is! In a faraway place known as Capitola, Margret (Madge) Undersee was resting on her silk covered bed with the recent Cosmopolitan magazine laid across one of her pillows. It was around 11 in the morning and Princess Madge had yet to get out of bed. And no one was forcing her today because her parents were away on business (more like scoping out her future husband for any flaws) and the employees wouldn't dare to wake her unless it was an emergency. So when her trusty butler Thomas knocks on her door, a small pit of anger boils in her stomach. She had been planning on wasting her time today; she hadn't had a day off since the Christmas season. "Sorry to bother you, Princess, but you got a package in the mail from you know who…" Thom raises his eyebrows suggestively, a warm smile filling up his entire face. The anger that resigned in Madge's stomach quickly vanished at the sound of a package. Her own lips lifted in a smile as Thomas ducks back out the door and slides in a large cardboard box. Madge scrambles off her bed and kneels on the floor in front of the large box. She lifts her head up and grins at Thom, excitement lighting up every feature of her face. Madge has been receiving packages since she was 12 years old. Inside each box would hold something new and different from her soon to be husband. And even after all these years, the excitement and giddiness of the little girl's joy never left her every time she would receive one. Crown Prince Gale Hawthorne was an interesting person to Madge. She has never met him before except in the pictures he sent in every box. She always found that he had an interesting view on life and love and just everything. And he had an eye for art, much like her cook's son, Peeta. (They would get along, she decides.) Gale loved photography in the same way Peeta loved painting and drawing. Gale always sent some of his latest photos; some were pictures with him in it and some were not. She felt like she traveled with him, even if it was just a beautiful picture of his backyard at Christmas time. Thom hands Madge his Swiss Army knife, blade already extended. She tears open the box, quickly handing Thom back the knife and folding out the flaps. Inside the box laid canvas pictures of outdoor landscapes – a lot of a forest that she knew was basically in his backyard. She flips over everyone until she finds the letter she was looking for taped to the back. She sets it aside on her desk for now as her hand dive back into the box, grasping a white envelope. This is what she looks for every time. Inside, Polaroid pictures were stuffed in. She took out a handful of the hundreds and shuffled through them. This is the place she would find him. He had a way of sneaking into images without taking the main focus off whatever was around him, but it was here that Madge found herself surrounded by the only focus – him. She had a dire need to meet him after she looks through them. She wanted to know what made him take such beautiful pictures and how he knew what to take pictures of. He had a chiseled face, always clean cut and smooth. Never a beard hair in sight. His hair was always messy in his pictures, never the perfectly styled style he wore to all the balls and dinners. In his pictures, he was himself and she loved that more than the man she saw on magazine covers like Cosmo . They didn't accurately describe the man the way he did himself. They always had him come off sexy (well he was), not the down to earth, extremely grounded, big brother that he actually was. That's why the pictures were her favorite part of every package. Thom shuffles through the box quietly, making sure nothing was going to hurt her. He finds a plastic canister of hot chocolate. He slides the lid off the can and the strong scene of hot cocoa and peppermint fills the room. It was something Seamlyn had that Capitola did not. It was a cheaper way (Seamlyn didn't have the same financial stability as Capitola does) to sell the real stuff. Tea came in bags, hot chocolate in powder, orange juice wasn't readily available but they most definitely had oranges. And Madge always found them the sweetest ones, too. They were also included in the package. "Why does he always send you food? Does he not think we feed you here?" Thom chuckles low under his breath, still smelling the peppermint hot chocolate. Madge laughs, "He sends them because he knows I like them and we do not have them here. It's one of the thing I looks forward to in this marriage – all the exotic foods that we don't have." Thom shakes his head slowly while sliding the lid back onto the can and taking out another item from the box. It was hand drawn picture of a blonde princess with a taller dark haired prince beside her. She knew they were royalty by the crowns that adorned their heads and the jewels that they wore. Underneath was a child's messy handwriting and below that a neater, boyish handwriting. It read: Princess Madge and Prince Gale soon to be married. And below that read in boyish handwriting: she's getting a little too carried away just thinking about it. She's already counting down the days. A gentle smile tugs on Madge's lips. Posy, Gale's younger sister, has always like Madge despite the fact that all she knows about her is she has blonde hair and blue eyes and was a lot shorter than Gale. The wedding wasn't even until another year or so. And the last thing that was left in the box was a glass jar filled with alcohol from his two younger brothers, Rory and Vick. At Madge's age, in Seamlyn, she would be allowed to drink. So as a gift for her birthday, the boys sent some of Seamlyn's finest wine. "Thank you, Thomas…for bring the package." He nods, taking that as cue to leave. He shuts the door softly behind him. Madge collects the items back into the box before she springs to her feet, eager to read his latest letter. She won't answer back because she father permits it, but she loves that he continues to write. She felt like she knew him through his letters and she wished she could do the same for him. His letter reads: Dearest Madge, I have a lot to tell you since my last letter. But I'll start with this: I still wait for your letter every day. I'm starting to feel like I'm annoying you, writing so many letters, I mean. Now, I don't know if you will receive this before your parent's departure, but if you do, could you send with them a picture of yourself. The one I have is god awfully old and you still had a child's chubby cheeks and long curly hair. I had been informed that you have changed drastically since that photo was taken and it slowly killing me as to what you look like. I imagine you are more beautiful than that silly old picture entails, but I have no way of knowing! I laugh as I write this, but I feel the playing field is uneven. You know what I look like now with every package I send, but I still have no way of knowing what you truly look like. You parents can tell me a thousand times just how beautiful you are, but I don't know if I can believe them until I see one for myself. As I said before, I imagine you are very beautiful and even if you weren't I would still love you just the same. I wait until the day I will meet you in person…too bad that is so far away. With my deepest curiosity, Gale If only she had received the package a day earlier. She would have sent him a picture. Of course she would have to take one and who knows if she could get that done without an entire photo-shoot taking place. Effie would have a hay day with that. But as you can see, her parents have already left. But maybe she could send a picture… "Thom!" she yells, jumping out of bed and scrambling for her door. She runs right into Thom's chest. "What is the matter, Princess?" "Can you take a picture of me?" Silence fills the air for a moment, a look of bewilderment settles on Thom's face. "Well, can you?" "What for, Princess?" "I would like to send one to Gale…" upon Thom's look of question, she adds: "He sends me so many with him in it, I just want to return the favor." "Princess, I don't know…your father…" "Oh screw my father! Just take one for me and please keep it on the down low…" she lowers her voice and glance around Thom to make sure no servant or Effie was around to eavesdrop and get her master plan destroyed. "I can't have my father finding out. Please, Thom, this is important." "Well…alright, but nothing out of the ordinary , Princess." Madge swats at Thom's chest and he laughs. She tries hard not to smile but she can't help the small tug of her lips. Sometimes Thom could get under her skin. "Hurry, and remember to be secretive. No one but us should know about this!" he rolls his eyes but heads down the long set of winding stair to get one of the cameras the Undersee's owned. Madge rushes off to her closet the second Thom's back is out of sight. She filters through her many dresses desperately searching for the perfect dress to wear. She wants to look her best for her soon to be husband, and it seems that dress is missing. A knock sounds on the door, Madge's Aunt May peeks her head around the door, "So I heard you're sending a picture to the Prince Gale with his luscious hair and strong jaw…oh!" she pretends to faint just thinking about Gale. Madge. Has. Never. Said. Anything. Like. That. To. Anyone. About. Gale. Hawthorne. But still, her cheeks tinge a bright pink. "Thom! What happened to the down low!?" she yells, knowing he would behind the still partly opened door. "Sorry, she's deceptive, I'm telling you!" he apologizes through the wood. Aunt May flicks her hair behind her, "All in a day's work!" Madge rolls her eyes, "Now, down to business. If you're going to send a picture to the boy you'll be making babies with, you're going to have to have the perfect dress . Am I right, or am I right?" "As always, correct." Madge rubs her hands together, anticipating the big reveal of some really gorgeous dress. She was only a little embarrassment by the implications of her aunt. "Drumroll, please, Thom!" Thom bangs on the back of the door, pushing it open to reveal a gorgeous royal blue, bejeweled gown in May's hands. Madge gasps, bringing her hands up to her mouth. In May's hands was a floor length, fitted gown that would make Madge's already baby blues pop like the ocean outside her window. It would accent her ladylike curves and