Paranoia Drabble #1 (Gale/Madge) A/N: Welcome to the Mini Stories! It means so much that you click on it! I do have to mention that not all the stories will be Gadge, but will always contain Gale (Team Gale!) ! So you can pick and choose what you want. I am accepting recommendations and reviews are always welcome (be as critical or kind as you like). P.S. I called them all Drabbles in the word document I have them all in, but most are one shots. Based off of Joseph Finder's Paranoia. Excellent read, I do recommend. Gale's hands were sweating. He was so nervous and he had every right to be. He was sneaking around Undersee Enterprise. He was fucking the CEO of the company – Madge Undersee . He may or may not be coming too attached to the CEO for his liking. This job a cover job, she was the heart of everything Undersee Enterprise had to offer. But god he did like their private moments. But mostly importantly, if he didn't get what Reynolds wanted his head was on the chopping block, not Madge's overly sized, white covered bed. It was 10 pm and the windows around his cubicle have already automatically tinted like every night. His eyes hurt from staring at the white light burning from his screen. A long list of all Undersee Enterprise's employees was pulled up and YouTube on another tab. His heart was hammering in his chest and he could feel his chest painfully tighten every time some other workaholic walked lazily passed his cube. He could swear they walked by slowly to see what he was doing . They knew , they knew what he was doing and that just made him more sick to his stomach. He pressed his lips together painfully and copied and pasted the list into a word document and saved it to his flash drive. He coughed once, he seemed to have picked up the cold from the guy in the next cubicle over. The guy that was always sweaty and always in Gale's cube. It freaked him out, he couldn't do any snooping when that guy never left him alone. Gale just waits for the FBI to show up one day out of the blue and arrest him for his fraud. They haven't come yet, but Gale still waits for it. His paranoia levels are through the roof. And Madge Undersee didn't help. He loved to be around her, loved it . Like more than life, loved it. But he waited, like he did in his cube every day, for her to whisper sexily in his ear: "Gotcha." But that never came either. His phone lit up, illuminating his small space even more. He hunkered down in his chair more like the little bit more light was going to put up a flare that screamed Intruder! Intruder! Intruder! Madge Undersee: Get off your computer and come visit me, workaholic. He smiled at her text for a moment before his stomach dropped off the cliff that the building sat on, the powerful ocean roaring and crashing passing below. Did she know? Could she possibly know what I was looking at? His sweaty hands were even slicker. He closed his eyes and held in a deep breath. Gale Hawthorne: I'd love too, but I have a big project to present to the CEO tomorrow. It has to be perfect, wouldn't want to disappoint her. He imagined that cute little smile with the cute little dimples form on her face. If he knew one thing, he knew when she was smiling. It was like a 6th sense to him and he loved the rush of it. Madge Undersee: I'm sure she'll love it. Even if she doesn't, she won't be able to get passed that face and butt of yours. ;) She was flirting. So was he. It was what they did. Somehow, flirting about work was too much to handle that he almost logged off and raced to his car. That big white and glass house on edge of a different cliff with woods surrounding it was the only destination he wanted to find. But he couldn't. Reynolds was getting antsy and that prison bunk was too scary to think about it. That prison bunk was already stepping on his heels. He swallowed thickly. Sometimes he hated his iPhone – more like her iPhone. She knew he read her text that he stupidly opened. Now he had to say something, anything to get her off his back. It's like she was breathing down his neck without actually being here and that frightened him more than the prison bunk. It scared him more because she was the only real factor between him and that prison bunk. A shiver ran up his spine. Gale Hawthorne: How 'bout I finish this up as quick as possible, grab a bite to eat, and then head out to your place? Madge Undersee: How 'bout we go to your place tonight? He bit his lip. They definitely could not go to his place. For one, it was dump, for two, Reynolds could get in too easily, and for three, there was stuff she just couldn't see like the documents he shouldn't have. But mostly it was because he didn't want her to see where he lived. It was small and dirty. It was in a bad part of town where the water smelled like rotten eggs (sometimes he wondered if he should be drinking it), and that was saying it worked at all. Some days, most days, it didn't and he had to hurry over to Thom's apartment for a quick shower. It was always the days he woke up late. But to say in the least, he was embarrassed of his place. It wasn't grand or worth multimillions like hers, she would probably be disgusted of it. She would fire him on the spot that second she set foot in the moldy, smelly place that smell of death and rodents. He didn't open the text message; he left it to sit on his lock screen. He went back to searching up directories and project plans. The one thing he needed wasn't anywhere, though, and it infuriating him to no end. Where was Project Alamo!? That was his ticket out of all the spying and sneaking. Maybe he could even keep his job at Undersee Enterprise, and maybe just maybe he could finally let himself have the girl. The screen lit up with the unread message again. It was like it was demanding him to answer, eyeing him down through the camera. His fingers froze over the keyboard… could Madge see through the camera...was she watching him? He felt a bead of sweat run from under his armpit to the waistband of his dress pants. He swallowed thickly again. His chest felt compressed, like an elephant was leaning on it. Another deep breath, he told himself. Another deep breath that didn't work to calm his nerves. I put a piece of tape over the camera. Madge Undersee: I'll make you food. Steak? Lobster? McDonalds plain double cheeseburgers? The girl was nothing if not persistent. She had a private chief because she couldn't cook to save her life. That he knew for sure, too. The first time she ever made him food was the time she attempted to make mac and cheese, and she forgot the milk and butter. He remember, fondly if he might add, politely yelling: "Whoa, whoa, whoa, what about milk and butter?" she had smiled sheepishly at him, her face a bright, rosy pink and said: "You need milk and butter?" he had laughed at her and nudged her aside as he took control of finishing it. Her noodles were over cooked but he didn't say a word. She had attempted and that meant the world to him. Everything, actually. This time he answers back. Gale Hawthorne: Mmm, sounds tempting, but I still have a lot to do. Go ahead and eat without me if you haven't. I'll just swing by some place and grab something on my way. More like, let me swing by Reynolds place to drop off the flash drive, than rush to your place and hope I don't die of hunger. Reynolds was really getting on his nerves. But every time Gale thinks he might just say fuck it, I'm done, that damn prison bunk comes back in his mind and he's scared shitless. That prison bunk would scare any man. Madge Undersee: Okay. It was a bad thing when Madge Undersee answered with one word texts. It either meant she was mad or she was up too no good. He clenched his jaw and wished for the improbable: that it was neither. He continued his search on Project Alamo and kept coming up short. Every time he thought he was close to finding something, he was 10 steps behind and the computer beeped at him. He jumped every time that mechanical beep sounded through its speakers. The elevator dings to his right. He quickly opened the PowerPoint and Word document for the presentation tomorrow just in case someone important was making their rounds. Turns out it was someone important. Someone too important… Hands covered his eyes and a paper bag hit his nose. McDonalds…Madge. "Guess who?" He smiled falsely because he was about to crap his pants. She's here . What if she looks at the tabs he has opened? His heart hammered in his chest. "I really hope this isn't the cleaning lady, Patty. And I hope that food is for me." She giggled sweetly in his ear. She kissed the shell of his ear, "Would Patty do this?" she asked before kissing the nape of his neck. Heat rushed up his neck and his jack hammering heart just went into overdrive. He was gonna die, and he knew it, too. "Or this?" she licked the spot she just kissed and blow softly on it. It drove him up a wall, something he'd like to do to her. "Or this?" she shifted and kissed his lips, he could smell the expensive perfume she wore – sweet and sugary like her. "Maybe, I don't know her very well." She mussed up his hair in wild waves – he really needed a haircut, it was starting to look like Niagara Falls. She pushed his chair back and sat on the corner of his knee. She lean forward and leaned over the McDonalds bag. She pulled out two double cheeseburgers, two French fries, and two apple pies. She handed him one of each item before digging into hers. She settled with her back against his desk which helped slow his heartbeat. Her short frame settled comfortably against his knees, her feet dangling in the air because his chair was up so high. She was only 5'4 but she could eat a lot. And she wasn't one of those I can only eat salad once a week with no dressing and cube of cheese a day for the rest. She ate , and when he says that he means it. She eats some of the most unhealthy foods known to man but she works her ass off to keep her muscular frame. Tiny, but a fighter. Definitely not a Princess like he tends to call her. "Is that good, Princess?" her noses wrinkles up at the nickname. He adores that look. She nods because she has a mouthful. "You?" she says around her hand because of the cheesy burger in her mouth. He smiles and nods. She twists around and looks at his screen. Her hand moves towards the mouse. Thinking fast, he grabs her wrist and twists it around to kiss the inside of it. She blushes. "You can wait." He says huskily. She rolls her eyes, "I'm the boss, if I want to check up on my workers I will." She turns back around and