Chapter I Tara "Just why am I here again?" A beautiful woman was holding my arm in a tight vice-like grip. Right above my elbow. Here . Just where is " Here " Capital H? Looking around I didn't know what to think. Definitely "Capital H" It seemed that everything here was capital. I was in a throneroom, for giants. Twelve giganourmous (that IS a word) thrones were positioned in a semi-circle around something that looked like a bonfire on a silver platter. Eleven giants in dresses (Even the men!?) were seated on the thrones. One was empty. It was right in middle. I looked at the vice-woman holding me. She was wearing the same kind of dress the rest of the giants ( even the men!) were wearing. Not dresses, togas! "Just where am I?" Again I was ignored. Or well... Eleven stern, concerned, annoyed and even frightened looks were directed at me. Yay... Attention... *sarcasm* *wink* "What have you done!?" Somebody in the throneroom spoke up. My eyes darted to the speaker. It was a young girl, maybe twelve? Thirteen? I don't know. She was pretty. Pfft. "This human is our only hope" I was pretty quick to decide that: No, I don't like Vice-Woman. Her voice was cold and icy and controlled. Bad news for me. "How will a mortal be of help to our children?" A guy who looked alarmingly like Sean Bean, leaned over his knees, and was now staring me up and down. "We will bless her" A cold smile spread on Vice-Womans face as the rest of the twelve began shouting and protesting all together at the same time. "All of us!?" "It has never been done before!" "How will we know she won't turn against us?!" "A mortal with that much power?" "We can't!" "KILL HER!" Everybody looked at the tuff guy who had just proposed to: "Kill her" "Really Ares?" A pretty woman with grey eyes and black curly hair massaged her temples. "I think it's a good idea!" Mick Jagger had apparently joined the party. Now they were arguing on: How to kill me, when to kill me and why. "Enough!" I shouted to what i now realised wasn't cross-dressing giants, but greek gods. "You're all gonna shut up and listen!" I pointed to Vice-Woman, (Who had now let go of my arm and was smirking satisfied) "Who are you?" She made an annoying grimace and looked at me with disgust. "When speaking to a god it is normal courtesy to say "Lord" and "Lady"" "You'll be known as "Lady-Vice"" I turned around, ignoring the gasps and muffled giggles from the rest of the gods. "Where am I?" I crossed my arms, demanding respect. "You're on Olympus" The kindness in the pretty womans voice took me by surprise. "And I am Athena" She added. "Godess of wisdom and battle strategy!" Actually knowing something in this eff'ed up situation gave me courage. Athena just smiled at me, and I smiled back. "Okay..." I started pacing the floor. "How did I end up on a mountain in Greece?" Lady-Vice walked past me and started growing. At first I thought she was going to explode. It would have been fun. But she stopped when she was about the same size as the others (Which was huge BTW). She sat down next to Cross-Dresser Sean Bean and looked at me with her eyebrows raised as to say: "Now that I'm a giant, I bet you're scared of me". Dream about it Vicy. "You're not in Greece" The pretty young girl spoke up again. Her hair was brown and her skin was pale, her eyes were sorta grey-yellow. "But... Mount Olympus" "Is the center of power in the western world" A guy with sandy hair and elfish looks interrupted me. "Hermes" He waved awkwardly as he introduced himself. "So... Olympus moves with the time?" Athena nodded approvingly at me. "Okay. But-why-am-I-here!?" I blurted out my question ever so elegantly and instantly covered my mouth. "I'd like to know that too!" A squeely-girly-blondy-popular-girl-voice complained. Lady-Vice straightened her back and said something in greek. I got the last word. Something about tartar-sauce. Apparently tartar-sauce is taboo, because everybody either gasped, screamed or just looked at me. "Like" The blonde popular-girl-in-high-school-goddess (who just HAD to be Aphrodite) swallowed a lump in her throat- "She walked through?" Lady Vice shook her head. "She stayed there" More gasps. Aphrodite placed a hand over her heart and looked at me with pity. "For six months" Aphrodite screamed. Then she stood up, tears flowing down her cheeks, shrunk to normal size and hugged me tightly. I could smell her expensive perfume. It was like being choked in the strong scent. Which for some reason triggered me off completely. I started gasping for air. She let go. But it was too late. Pictures of darkness ran through my mind, red clouds, breating acid, drinking fire. Being in constant danger. Fearing for my life every moment, of every day. I had fallen to my knees. Aphrodite had jumped away from me. Like I was contagious. Like I was a freak. Something told me I was used to being treated like a freak. Something from a different life. I stopped hyperventilating. "I'm not from here am I?" Lady Vice stood up. "This is Tara" She gestured to me. Something about the name sounded familiar. "She is from a land far to the north. A land where other gods reign. The nordic gods." As she went along I remembered. I remembered a white house on a field. corn ready for reaping. Horses. Cats. Once a dog. But was I alone? I couldn't seem to clear the fog in my head, not before Lady Vice went on anyway. "She never felt like she belonged. Not in Denmark" Denmark that was it! My head started hurting as an entire language popped out of my memory, no two languages popped out. "One day it was to much and she ran away" Now I just felt bad. I remember leaving at 5 Am. "I probably really hurt my parents" Aphrodite was the only one close enough to hear my mumble. She offered me her hand to help me up. It was nice of her, but i think i can stand up by myself. "She flew to New York City where she was homeless for six months and..." "STOP"the aggresivness in my own words surprised me. Considering I was seconds away from breaking into tears, my voice was pretty steady. "It hurts to remember so... Please just-" My voice cracked and I looked away "Just get to the point" My arms were crossed, this time more pathetic and protective. Aphrodite looked at me with pity. Pretty much everyone did. But Athena seemed to admire me more. "The crew of The Argo II Has the Athena Parthenos. But without Percy and Annabeth..." "They will be falling apart" Artemis finished the sentence no one else would. "Where do I come in in all of this?" Okay, truth be told. I was tired. Tired of not knowing what was going on, where I was, WHY I was there, where i was going and why a bunch of cross-dressing GREEK GOD-GIANTS WERE LOKING AT ME LIKE I WAS AN INFANT ORPHAN- WITH NO ARMS! *Poker face* "YES! I'm DYING to know " Everybody facepalmed. "Hades, this is serious!" "I thought it was funny..." The god of death was no-doubt very funny.. ha ha... I simply didn't have time to enjoy his great godly humor. "Ha ha Hades..." I crossed my arms in a mocking manner. "You're so funny you're going to kill me" Hades looked at me with hope in his eyes, hope of a new pun-partner. (that IS a word) "Back on track!" A god with (Let me be honest) a horribly misshaped face lead the attention back to Lady-Vice. "Hera" A man with sea-green eyes stared her down. "You have some explaining to do" "I already said we're going to bless her" Everybody opened their mouths at the same time, but Lady-Screwdriver held up her hands in a stop everything gesture (No pun intended) "I have also summoned other... smaller gods..." "Who are you calling a "smaller god"!" "Iris!" Aphrodite looked (And sounded) like a fangirl obsessing over her favourite artist. "Aphrodite" Iris looked anything but exited. She couldn't escape the hug though. She fought bravely, and went down with honour. She hugged Aphrodite back with one arm and half-a-heart. "Is this the girl?" Iris was smiling and pointing at me, while looking at Hera (LADY-VICE) "Yes Iris. That is Tara" Iris was still smiling. And she was normal-sized, which was nice! "I'm Iris, the goddess of rainbows" She flashed me a huge smile and shook my hand. Then she slapped my black jeans. And they turned bright yellow. How do I react to that? "Um..." I looked at the rainbow goddess with questioning eyes. "Too much black depresses me" She was still smiling, but it wasn't annoying. It was nice. Everything was weird and uncomfortable and there she was. Smiling, lighting everything up, just by being there. Like a rainbow after a thunderstorm. A promise. The promise that the sun will shine again. A promise I needed. "Iris have you seen the Algea? I would have expected them by now" Lady-Screwdriver was grinding her hands impatiently. "The Algea?" Four or five different gods asked at the same time. "There is a dark side of power, that is what will balance her" Hera looked at me suspiciously and continued her lecture in greek. It seemed like she was slowly convincing the other gods. After ten minutes of greek scolding all the gods grew restless. The one with the misshaped face was the first to talk. "Very well mother" Hephaestus held up his hand as if giving in. "She will have my blessing" After that all of the gods seemed to agree, some in english, some in greek. One with a Haiku... I am so awesome The girl gets my blessing My hair is perfect I just mentally facepalmed at Apollos Haiku. Still a lot of questions were buzzing in the back of my head, but I was starting to understand the situation. Still, a few questions were un-ignorable. "What does it mean to get someones "blessing" and who am I supposed to help and for the love of Zeus Apollo... Just... cut the Haikus!" "Oooooh ooooooh can I explain it?" Aphrodite was jumping up and down like an overly-happy teenage girl. "Sure, why not?" Hades made a motion with his hand as if whether my questions were answered by a caffeinated teenage girl, or a person didn't matter. "Well" Aphrodite began putting a hand on my shoulder and dragging me away "When gods have children with mortals..." Walking back to the throneroom, I wasn't sure I was ever gonna be hole again. Can you imagine a biology-class. Like where the teacher talks about sex and stuff... Imagine doing that, only DNA, monsters, something about space, superpowers, scents, and animal sex were for unspoken reasons mixed into the conversation. I'm just going to go cry in a corner if that's alright... "Honey you look pale!" I felt like throwing up. "Are you alright?" NO! "I'm just a bit overwhelmed is all" Overwhelmed was an understatement. "Aphrodite hon!" Hera called out over the room, catching her attention. "The Algea are here!" Aphrodite grabbed me by the shoulders and turned me around to face her. She was surprisingly strong. "Tara" She looked serious. The whole "Teenage-girl" thing was gone, and I saw real, deep worry in her eyes. "Getting a gods blessing basically means that they give you the power of their children, their strongest children. But where it would be a natural part of the child, it will more be like... Like" She fanned her face looking for the right words. Obviously stressed. "Like, if it is an extension of the demi-god, it will be