"So Frank, what do you think Mr. Brunner is going to assign for this week's homework?" Hazel questioned Frank as he rummaged through his slim locker, struggling to get his bag untangled from whatever it was coiled around. "I—uh—hold on," Frank muttered, his attention focused on finding what piece of crap in his locker his bag was tangled to. "Frank, are you listening?" Hazel chided. "Sort of." he said, his mind was still not concentrating on her words. Hazel emitted a sigh before receding to the last possible option to remove Frank from his own little world. Well, a world that specifically involved his bag and a metal piece of trash attached to his locker. "Frank! I think your grandmother is here!" All Hazel heard was a mouse like squeak that emanated from Frank's position and him thudding onto the tiled floor. Hazel "Well that didn't go as planned," Hazel said to herself quietly. She untangled Frank's bag and pondered what to do with the unconscious boy on the hallway floor. While she closed her locker and put her locker key in her schoolbag, Leo almost tripped over Frank, and said with a cheery grin on his face, "Hazel, did you hear?" Hazel shook her head in response, spotting Annabeth trailing behind Leo in her peripheral. Unlike Leo, Annabeth took a chance to blatantly step over Frank's unconscious and limp body. "There's a new kid, well, there will be a new kid. I hear that he's been kicked out of four different schools!" Leo chimed. Annabeth rolled her eyes. "Leo, you know we all have problems. Well, at least I do. Maybe he's got ADHD like us." Annabeth said, realizing she was defending some kid she didn't even know. Realization crossed her mind that yesterday, when Leo said she was defensive, he was actually right. "Okay, maybe you were right yesterday, Leo." Hazel nodded, slinging her bag over her back. Hazel turned to Annabeth and Leo. "Well, I guess since Ross moved away last week we could use another 'recruit' in our little group. Leo and Annabeth nodded apprehensively, silently agreeing with Hazel. "Does this new kid have a name Leo?" Leo shrugged, glancing at Annabeth. "Yeah, I think his name goes something like—oh yeah! It's Percy Jackson. His name is Percy Jackson." "Percy Jackson, eh?" Hazel nodded, intrigued by this boy's profile. "Anything else about him?" Leo shrugged once more. "Annabeth?" She looked back at Leo. "I know I get good grades, but that's class work. I don't know everything, Leo." Annabeth crossed her arms. "Fine, fine." Leo answered, backing away. He knew an angry Annabeth was something he didn't want to experience. "So Annabeth, do you know whether he goes on a bus, walks, or gets dropped off?" Hazel inquired. Annabeth tried to recall what system he took when traveling to school. "Honestly? I don't really—" Leo cut her off abruptly. "He takes a bus," he announced, "That's what our homeroom teacher said anyways." Leo continued, talking pointedly about him and Annabeth. "Alright then." Hazel beamed, "Let's gather the rest of our group, it's time to meet Percy Jackson." From beneath them they heard a weak moan of pain, signaling that Frank had woken from his slumber. For a minute, Hazel, Leo and Annabeth seemed to, in some sort of comedic way, stare at him for longer than likely needed. "We—we should probably get him shouldn't we?" Annabeth chimed in quietly. "I—uh—yes." Hazel responded. "Percy, remember that you have my phone number in your bag, you have Gabe's number in your bag—" Percy nearly repulsed at Smelly Gabe's name. Ignoring his obvious, 'pretend to nearly throw up because Gabe was mentioned' move, his mother continued as the sound of the exhaust released by a school bus neared. "Just please Percy," she looked at him with pleading eyes. "try not to get kicked out of this one okay?" Percy stared at his mother's begging expression. His mother was the only one there to comfort her and he's let her down more than enough to fail her once again, thinking he's tried as much as he could just to come back to Gabe's sneering face and her saddened eyes. "Yeah, I promise mom. I won't get kicked out of this one." Percy's mom released a grin as she pulled him into a hug. At this point Percy was just about breathing in the gas fumes the exhaust emitted from the school bus. He could almost hear and see all the kids pointing and laughing, everyone making fun of him on the other side of those windows, mocking him for hugging his mom. He could feel all these things happening and yet it only drove him to hold onto her tighter. Percy's mother let go and planted her arms on his shoulders comfortingly. "Now go rock that school buddy." "When do buses come again?" Frank openly questioned as he huddled his arms, due to the fall breeze that hit them every other minute or so. Jason stepped besides Frank, his eyes narrowed as if he were thoroughly examining the wind and it's movements. "About - now." Jason interrupted, as a bus pulled out in front of the school, emitting a large blow of gas. "That's super bad for the environment." Hazel sighed. Jason silently agreed as a thought popped into his mind. "Grover isn't going to like that our new friend catches a bus to school." he noted. Leo groaned, imagining his reaction. "Hey, where are Grover and Luke?" Annabeth thought back to this morning, "Oh, I know! Luke's at the YC meeting and-" "YC?" Leo questioned. Annabeth rolled her eyes, "Year Council, stupid." He grinned. "And Grover - well - I haven't seen Grover anywhere today." Hazel agreed, "Yeah, neither." "He's probably late." Jason said honestly. "Yeah, maybe." "So, which one's him?" Hazel asked, trying to hide most of her excitement. "Don't worry, Uncle Leo's got this." Piper jogged up to the group, yelling out phrases that only she could hear over the crowd of students racing into the group. "Can't hear you Pipes!" Jason nodded, laughing at her. She reached the group, panting. "Where - where's - the - the new guy?" Jason laughed. "Uncle Leo is sorting it out. Actually, let's check on Leo." "Hey, are you Percy Jackson?" Leo asked. "Uh, no." he rolled his eyes. "Are you-" "I'm Percy Jackson." someone said from the crowd of people flooding out of the bus. "Cool, but uh, where are you?" he asked. The other 5 people were holding in their laughter as Leo scanned the crowd. "Here." A guy with dark hair waved his hands in the air, shoving through the people. "He's the one. He has to be." "So - uh, - how did you know my name?" Percy asked. "One of our teachers, Mr Brunner, is very excited for you to come, for some reason." Hazel answered, curling her hair around her finger in a non-flirtatious way. "Right. And your names are?" Percy smiled. "This is Leo, Hazel, Frank, Piper, Jason, and I'm Annabeth." Percy's eyes fluttered around the six people as he heard the names and then his eyes stopped on Annabeth. "And you already know I'm Percy Jackson." he said, staring into her eyes longer than probably needed. "Yeah, we do." "This is your little group, eh? There's - what - six of you?" Percy asked Hazel. "There used to be seven-" Hazel began to answer. "But then Ross left-" Leo interrupted. "And we need a new recruit." Percy nodded understandingly. "And that's me." Annabeth smiled at him and he blushed. "Uh huh." she said. "We have other friends, you know." Piper said with her hand on her hips. "Yeah, like who?" Percy asked sarcastically. "Like me." A guy with sandy blonde hair came up behind Annabeth. "Luke!" she smiled at him. I wonder if she likes that guy, Percy thought. "So, you're the new guy?" Luke asked. "Why is everyone calling me that?" he complained. "I don't know, maybe cause you're new." Percy rolled his eyes. "Whatever." "Being a Year Counselor, I suppose it would be in my blood to show you around the school before sending you off to your homeroom. From what I've heard, your homeroom teacher is in room A05." Leo beamed at Percy. "Hey! That's me and Annabeth's homeroom teacher!" Percy's eyes darted to Annabeth who seemed half of how happy Leo was. It wasn't ideal, but Percy felt that it was good enough for him.w On the way to homeroom, Percy tried to make conversation with Annabeth, but she wasn't listening to him. He had a strange feeling she wasn't normally like this. "So, you've been kicked out of 4 schools?" Leo asked. Percy rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly. "Yeah.. I - uh - don't like to talk about it. It's just.. Weird things happen at schools I go to. I'm always excluded and stuff." "It's fine Percy." Annabeth reassured in a calm voice. "Leo's just nosy, it's not like you haven't been kicked out a school before Leo. You nearly - oh no, wait - you did burn a school down before. Leo shrugged obliviously. "Hey, as long as the workers here at Goode don't leave the kitchen door open, that trash isn't happening again." Percy released a small chuckle and glanced towards Annabeth, who he found staring back. Percy continued walking even though both Leo and Annabeth had stopped at a previous door. "Uh, Percy." Leo called. "Oh, yeah! Right! Back here!" he said, smiling awkwardly. Percy's mind was on another subject which happened to be Annabeth. Instead of turning around and walking back, Percy just began walking backwards and almost bashed into Leo. "Hey, watch out, Perce. What's on your mind?" Leo chuckled. "Nothing." he replied as the bell went for homeroom. "Wasn't Luke meant to show me around?" Percy asked. "Well I guess we'll have to. Right, Annabeth?" She groaned. "Leo!" She shot him a traumatizing glare, which in Percy's position showed off her stormy gray eyes and made them more vibrant than they already were. Subsiding to not trying to hide that fact he was staring, he was opening admiring Annabeth determination. "Okay, whoa Annabeth, no need to snap me in half, we can just explain to Mr. Brunner that Luke didn't show so we're going to show little Perce here where to go!" Percy cocked an eyebrow at Leo. "Little?" he mocked, "I'm like five inches taller than you." Leo laughed, and put a hand on his shoulder, as if coaxing him. "Oh Perce, that brain of yours needs to start working eh? But don't fret, Uncle Leo is here." Percy gave him a mildly confused, and mostly horrified expression. "Leo, you're freaking him out! Stop being so weird! Don't worry Percy. Oh wait, you should worry, it gets worse." Annabeth scolded. "Sorry, Annabeth, but I'm afraid you don't understand boys very well." Leo sighed. "So, uh, is our homeroom teacher nice?" Percy asked, desperately trying to change the subject. "Depends. He has good days and bad days." Leo replied. "Oh, sounds like-" Percy counted on his fingers. "All 20 teachers I've had in my life." Annabeth studied Percy's expression for several seconds. "Wow, you're not lying teachers? Were you that bad? Or was it just random occurrences that happened to get you kicked out of schools?" Percy thought for a second. "It's fifty-fifty on that part I suppose." Leo glanced between the two, his eyebrows furrowing. "So she can talk about your old crime life with schools but I can't?" Leo complained. Percy shrugged. "Maybe I'm letting her do that because she didn't creep me out, claiming themselves to be taller than their actual height and telling others that they are 'Uncle Leo'." he explained observantly. "Also because she's prettier than you." Annabeth darted her eyes over to Percy who gave her a smirk. She tried to hide a crimson warmth creeping up her neck. "I guess I'll go