Thanks for reading. I wrote this after Mockingjay left me wanting a scene where these two crazy kids could hash out their differences without giving Katniss the chance to run off when she didn't want to deal with it anymore. I also felt that certain accusations were left unexplained, so I threw in some stuff I think might have helped the Capitol to send Peeta off the edge of sanity. Enjoy. Please R&R The claustrophobia was getting to her. This isn't to say that she wasn't suffering from an extensive list of other mental disorders PTSD, codependency, frequent insomnia, anger management issues but as of late, the Claustrophobia was the worst. It probably had something to do with the recent lockdown. While bombs rained down upon the surface, the entire population of District 13 had gone hundreds of feet underground where they were forced to live practically on top of one another adhering to even stricter schedules and spending hours at a time in the dark. When the danger had passed and the lockdown lifted, most of citizens were allowed to return to their homes. The Everdeen family was one of the few that had been forced to relocate. Their old apartment had collapsed in on itself and they had taken up temporary residency on a new floor. Not long after, Katniss had moved in with Johanna on a floor where the bathrooms were shared between all of the dorms on the floor. The moment she saw the group shower area, Katniss decided it was time to use whatever sway she may have to rectify the situation. This was not an issue of modesty or vanity. If anything, it was a desperate grasp at a little privacy. As it currently stood she had none. It had begun a week after Peeta was rescued from the Capitol. After he'd attacked her, she'd noticed that the security officers who roamed the base were keeping as particularly close eye on her. She couldn't help thinking that they were spying . Oh yeah, she was also a little paranoid. Talking her way into a less public shower setting had been easier than she expected. Plutarch had been the most help. He'd gotten a good look at her after the quart quell. There were too many fresh scars on her body and with the new bruises on her neck (not the mention the lovely surgery scar from having her spleen removed), she worried about rumors spreading around. She reminded him that with her new position as mockingjay/savior-of-their-collective-asses, having eyewitnesses to evidence of her humanity could impede the process of political deification they'd be working so hard to achieve for her. In other words, injuries were bad for the hero image. She kind of hated herself for using this tactic, but Plutarch seemed to understand that she needed a few minutes to herself once a day, so he gave her a key to the VIP bathroom, warning her to only go there late at night and not to get caught. "I don't want to get yelled at, just so you can keep your clothes on in front of your neighbors," he told her with a wink. The luxury bathroom turned out to be a six-foot long closet with a shower, counter, trash door, and a wall mirror. It wasn't much, but it offered her a little privacy. So here she was at almost 3am, rinsing the grime and sweat from training off of her body. Since everyone was supposed to be in bed there were no guards around to follow her as she walked the halls. No one was around and she couldn't be happier about it. It was the only time of day that she didn't feel like people were pressing in from all sides. This was the only place she could truly be alone to pour over her thoughts. Lately her thoughts had been a steady stream of everything she was doing wrong. In the course of just a few days she'd managed to alienate herself from almost everyone she cared about…again. She didn't want to be around friends, or her mother, or even Prim. The only time she ever felt human was during training sessions where she and the other soldiers could spend a few hours a day beating the crap lout of each other. It turned out to be very therapeutic for everyone. She adjusted the water and turned up the heat a bit to soothe her sore muscles. Even though she was clean, she lingered for a few minutes. It was a waste of water and 13 wasted nothing, neither did 12 for that matter, but the water ration was ridiculous. At least she got to shower every day. She'd been training constantly and was steadily improving her fighting form. Every workout became a little easier, meaning the trainers had to keep up with her progress to ensure that she was being sufficiently challenged. Today had been a particularly taxing day. They'd held a tournament in the gym today. Everyone was paired off and the winners fought one another, while the losers went back to the mats to practice. Just before the first set of matches began, Peeta came down from his room, flanked by guards and was assigned a partner. "Oh this is great," Johanna had said, "Let's turn Nutjob over there into a more efficient killing machine." Katniss lost her first match, Peeta lost his second. When he saw her in the practice section, he did his best to ignore her. Like herself, he had a partner to spar with. For about the first hour, he was able to focus, his intense stare forward and his hands obediently at his sides whenever she passed, doing his best to concentrate on what the instructor was shouting. After another hour of sweating, he went to the water cooler for a drink and must have gotten too close to where she was practicing with Johanna, because his guards suddenly swooped in. While he'd spent the entire session a relatively calm state, he became suddenly aggressive and had to be dragged from the gym. Just before he was out the door, he looked straight into her eyes and she could see the bloodlust in their depths. It broke her heart. She missed Peeta. The old Peeta. The real Peeta. She was determined that one day, when this was over and Snow was dead, she would find a way to bring him back. His life was her personal duty and she would never be at peace until she was sure that he was safe and happy. Currently, she was failing miserably in that duty and because of her failures, he was forced to suffer with his identity every day. Sometimes she would see the charming man who'd professed his love for her the night before their first games, then other times he was the man who'd tried to strangle her to death. Instinctively, her hand went to the bruises on her neck. The rain over head suddenly went cold, meaning that any second now, the water ration would be up and sure enough, the water shut itself off just moments later. She looked up at the shower head, and let out a sigh before turning and pulling the curtain aside. It was barely an inch off the wall when she saw him. She yanked the curtain back into place, clapping a hand over her mouth to keep the scream in, while gripping the curtain so hard against the wall, she was afraid she'd rip it down. "Come out," said Peeta in a low voice. But she was having trouble moving. She shook so bad, she couldn't keep the tremor out of her voice, "What are you doing here?" "I want to talk. Come out." He was so calm it was unnerving. "How did you get away from the guards?" she demanded. She was trying to keep the fear out of her voice but there were already tears at the edges of her eyes and the lump in her throat was giving her away. "I took care of the guards," he said simply. "Oh, Peeta. You didn't." "Didn't what?" he asked bitterly, "No, I didn't kill them, Katniss. Not that it would have been hard. Security around here seems a little lax, in my opinion." "You're telling me," she quipped back, hoping to keep things light. She surveyed her surroundings looking for something she could use to defend herself with, but there wasn't so much as a used razor. There was a small shampoo bottle that maybe she could slam against his temple if he got close enough, but she was hoping it wouldn't come to that. "Look," she said, "You have to go back. If you get caught here, you'll be in a lot of trouble. She was trying to make it sound like a warning, but as scared as she was, he wasn't buying it. "I'm already in plenty of trouble thanks to you," he told her, "A little more won't hurt me." "What do you want?" she asked coldly, gripping the bottle tightly. It was stupid and she knew it. He was too fast, too strong. If wanted to come into the shower and drag her out, a tiny bottle wouldn't stop him. The thought of what he was there for terrified her. In the milliseconds, it'd taken for her to recognize he was there and shut the curtain, she'd registered the rage and obsession in his eyes. He looked awful. His face was gaunt and his eyes huge like he hadn't slept in days. Seeing those eyes in her mind, reminded her how vulnerable she was truly was, "Are you here to kill me?" Outside of the tiny shower, Peeta cocked his head at the question. He'd gone looking for her now knowing exactly what he was going to do when he found her. When he'd beaten up his guards, his goal had been simply been to see if he could. Success brought too much free time however, and he decided that good or bad, it was time to seek out the one who'd been plaguing his mind nonstop for years. Whether he was going to kill her was still to be decided. He knew he needed answers to questions no one else could help him with. The fact that she was naked was just a bonus. He could hear the fear in her voice, despite her attempts to keep calm. She was brave and would be until the end, but if he wanted her, a flimsy curtain wasn't keeping him out. He felt no guilt for these thoughts, no disgust with himself when he remembered their time together in the arena and on the train. All the times, she'd laid wrapped around him, tempting him with the warmth of her body, the softness of her flesh and had given him nothing more than a few kisses. But then, he'd deluded himself into believing it was enough. It was never enough. He'd risked everything to save her the first time and how did she thank him? By putting him in danger and shoving him toward what should have been his death. She could have at least fucked him a couple of times first. Suddenly a more rational part of his brain crept up on him, reminding him that he'd agreed to sleep beside her. He'd never pushed, never asked, never even made a move. So, why was he there to yell at her for something he'd already agreed to? Wait, said a third voice, of course they'd been together. Hadn't he told the world there was a baby? A secret marriage? A few joyous months together before being shoved back into the arena? No, you made that up, moron. Did you? So many memories of her and in them her body always looked the same, writhing on top of him, being taken from behind, moving under him on cotton sheets. Her