Hello, happy readers! This is a new project I'm working on, inspired by the book/musical Les Miserables. I'm currently involved in a local production of the show and got inspired. If you're familiar with Victor Hugo's amazing body of work, then you should be able to recognize many of the Hunger Games characters for their Les Mis parallels. The main difference is that there are a number of gender swaps. Those who would be male in the show are female in this fic and vice versa in almost every case. Also, if you've read my main fic, Random Reality Shifts, then you'll recognize the use of certain names and a couple of original characters. I hope you enjoy. Pya looked out the window of her new home as the morning dawned over her town- as of yesterday, it was officially her town. She had won the mayoral election in a landslide, wrestling power from the merchants for the first time in generations. The merchants were known for using their wealth to pay for votes, but Pya was well known throughout the District and had used her influence as the town's healer to encourage the entire Seam to vote in its largest turnout in the District's history. In less than 24 hours, she had already managed to reaccess the town's meager budget, meet with the former mayor's advisory council, order necessary safety upgrades to the only school house in town, and still take the time to see patients, all while moving her two children into the official mayor's residence right in the center of the square. She smiled as she thought of her girls. They were the reason she'd done this in the first place. Katniss, barely six, and Primrose, about to turn three, had saved her life when she'd lost her husband. Her initial response had been to retreat into her depression and despair, to stop trying to live and await the inevitable fate, in which her family joined her husband in death. But it was not to be. After a few days of staring into the void, a knock had come to the door. An official from the school stood upon the threshold with a peacekeeper who had threatened to arrest her and take her children away if they continued to come to school unwashed and without lunch. The peacekeeper hadn't actually said much, but the few words he spoke made his intentions very clear: shape up as a parent, or never see your girls again. She couldn't allow that. They would go to the group home, or worse- her late husband's horrible father would be awarded custody. Suddenly the same despair that had made her more than content with letting her children starve to death alongside her became the same fire that made her cling to her sanity. In life or death, they were still a family, and damn it, they were gonna stay that way. It had been just under a year, since she'd lost her husband and she had never been so glad to be alive. She reached out and opened the window before her, taking in a deep breath of the morning air, listening to the sounds of the town as it awoke. She hadn't heard the start of day bustle in years, not since before her marriage when she was merchant herself. Now here she was, standing above it all. From below she could hear people calling to one another as they opened their stores. Mixing with the coal that always hung in the air, she could smell the snow that was coming, that would be upon them within days. She made a mental note to fortify all shelters before the true cold arrived. As she shut the window, she looked down to see a man she didn't know passing by, pulling by the hand, a young boy who couldn't be any older than Katniss. The man glanced up at her and smiled kindly, encouraging her to do the same. She watched him until he and the boy were out of sight then closed the window, feeling a shiver up her spine. Strangers were a very rare occurrence. Once, perhaps twice in the last ten years had she seen someone that she couldn't name on sight. At the very least she should have recognized the child, considering she'd been present for the births of most of the children in town, but aside from a strong resemblance the man he walked beside, she'd never seen him before. Seconds later, both were driven from her mind when the timid knock of a small hand fell upon her door. She opened the large white double doors and looked lovingly down at her daughters who were still in their nightclothes, uttering as single word that made them both gasp with delight. "Pancakes!" Once the girls had been shipped off to school, Pya was given a tour of parts of the town in which she had never ventured before. They took her into the crumbling homeless shelters and group homes for children, into the small hospital and around a tent city that had sprung up over the course of a fortnight. "The poor are a growing problem," said her guide, a young peacekeeper with dark skin and a perpetual sneer, "every day they encroach further upon the good people this town and threaten to take it over. Theft and prostitution run rampant. It won't be long before murders occur." Pya stopped and turned to her guide, "Is this your first winter in 12?" He nodded once, "It is Ma'am." She noted his use of the word "Ma'am," finding it odd that a man from a better place than herself would bother with the term of respect. She could only assume that his had either been a very proper upbringing, or an extremely strict one. Based on how he carried himself, the latter seemed more likely. "You don't have to worry about the poor," she assured him, "At least not these." "Why is that?" "Because half of them will be dead by the spring. The winters here are harsh and most of these people are already half starved. They won't make it." As she'd expected, he seemed satisfied with her reply and moved on. "What you might worry about," she added, "is figuring out where the poor keep coming from. A few families lost their homes, but not this many." "Ma'am?" "I saw a stranger this morning, Captain. I'd like to know where he came from." The peacekeeper went pale, "What did this stranger look like?' "It was hard to see from my window," she said, "but he was perhaps six feet tall. He had sandy colored hair coming out of his cap and very, very blue eyes." "Was he alone?" Pya didn't miss the hungry look in the peacekeeper's eyes as he awaited an answer. "No," she said carefully, "He had a young boy with him. Likely his son. Why, do you know him?" "Yes Ma'am," he said automatically, "He's a deserter from his assigned home." "Assigned home?" she asked confused, "Is he from another District?" "No, Ma'am." In his desperation to avoid the topic, the peacekeeper walked ahead, leading her to one of the coal refineries and showing her around, introducing her to the various shift leaders on the property. Safety concerns in the coal factories were high on her list of priorities and she wanted a first hand look at the dangers her people were facing every day. It was not a pretty sight. Half the machines were falling apart. Rusted gears commonly fell out of alignment, conveyor belts would snap and often were hastily sewn back together because there was no one who knew how to fix them and no replacement was coming. Fires were common and hard to put out. At one point the gears jammed and the only person with hands small enough to unclog the mess was a six year old girl whose parents also worked in the factory. As the little girl cleared the jam, Pya knew that it was only a matter of time before her hand slipped and she lost one of her tiny fingers to the machines. There were more factories to see, but after the first, Pya felt the overwhelming need to go home and hug her children. She returned to her office to make a list for the peacekeeper to take care of, including looking into repairmen from the surrounding Districts for the factories, and hiring construction workers to begin the repairs on the school. She'd expected him to complain, to tell her that it wasn't his job, and that he was only there for her protection detail. Nothing more. Instead, he took the list from her and turned to leave. Before he could reach the door, she called, "Thank you, Aldred." He gave a curt nod, then exited to room to go about his assigned duties. Pya went home to find her girls in their playroom, still marveling over their new treasures. Most of the toys hadn't even left the chest in the corner. Katniss and Primrose were so timid about things that were new and clean- perhaps because they'd always had so few untarnished possessions that they worried they would be scolded if the toys became broken or dirty in any way. It didn't help that the nanny was eyeing both girls with suspicion every time they got too close to the toy box. Pya sent the nanny home, then walked over to the wooden chest, and with one of her shiny new boots, kicked it onto its side, scattering stuffed animals and games into every corner of the room. "Let's play," she said with a smile. Prim was in bed immediately after dinner, still clutching a doll in her arms. Katniss on the other hand was still too excited about her new life to be able to lay down for more than a few minutes. Pya sat her older daughter on the couch and put a big bowl of ice cream into her tiny hands, then pulled a blanket over them both. "Mom," the girl asked, looking up at Pya with large, hopeful eyes, "Are we gonna stay here a long time?" Katniss had always been regarded as a slightly unsettling child by those who didn't know her and her eyes had so much to do with her reputation. Even at such a young age, she had a habit of looking at people in a way that was so calculating and intuitive. She could size others up from the moment she saw them and very often Pya and her husband had not been immune to such searching stares. "I hope so," said Pya being as truthful as she could, "if the people in town like me as mayor, then we'll get to stay here for a very long time." "What about our old house?" "Its still ours, but we don't have to live there." "Who's gonna live there then?" asked Katniss in confused. Before she could reply there was a loud knock on the front door. Well wishers and District officials had been calling on the house all night causing her to wonder if she would ever get the chance to sleep with all the constant welcoming committees hanging around. To her surprise, on the other side of the door, was not the neighbors she was expecting. The stranger from that morning stood looking ashen, holding his son in his arms. His sandy hair was going everywhere and his eyes were wide and panicked as he clutched the limp child to his chest. "Are you the healer?" he asked in a low husky voice. "Yes," she replied warily. "Can you help him," he begged, "Can you help my boy?" Pya reached out, placing a hand on the child's forehead and another up on his neck, searching for the sluggish pulse under his grey tinged skin. He was ice beneath her fingers. "Bring him in,"