It was a cold, wet, rainy day; inother words it was the typical Seattle day, and I hated it. I despise anything that make my feet slosh around until my toes are numb, or that makes my already thick and unmanageable hair any worse than it is on an everyday basis. I hate having to put on two layers of clothing just to make sure that I stay warm without wearing my large oversized coat. Running errands is hard enough for me since I am so klutzy that the government should allow me a handicapped sticker; its only made worse by the slippery surfaces that the rain makes and having to nervously clutch an umbrella in my hand praying to God that it won't slip out of my accident prone fingers and impale someone when they aren't looking. In short I absolutely hate living here. And so the question that I hate to answer most is constantly asked of me. Why would I live somewhere that I hate? The truth is complicated in all of its seeming simplicity. I am now running my mother's bed and breakfast because after five years of happily running it herself she wanted a new adventure. Another great love to explore with a man over a decade younger than she is. So here I am to take care of her pet project; to take care of her the best I can even from afar. She named the inn The Lovely Swan Bed and Breakfast. I hated the name from the beginning. She thought it was clever; a slight pun on Swan with it being our last name. I didn't see the humor in it. It sits outside the city halfway between Seattle and Forks; the small, rainy town I spent my teenage years in. It occurred to my mother one day that she missed the tie to her roots that she was missing while we were living in Arizona. She hated the rain, loved all the sun, but hated having to talk to old friends over the phone. She loved the heat and the fact that she could tan during the year; but she had grown tired of hearing of high school reunions and old girlfriend get togethers rather than participating in them. It had come to be somehow that her hatred for small town life had been outweighed by her desire to go back home and try something new. It had not occurred to her however that I had hated every moment that I spent in that small town. She had always been eccentric; what others would love to call "free spirited" but this was large even for her. She was stuck on the idea of moving back to Washington before she had even formed a plan in her head. But, that was my mother; no plans equaled greater adventures and she was always looking out for adventures. So within six months she had found a nice place that she had determined would become a great bed and breakfast that sat on the outskirts of Forks; neatly placed between small town life and the big city lights. My mother had found her perfect compromise. She could see her old friends; have her home town ties while still having all the adventure that she wanted. The constant stream of new guests from all over the country allowed her to chat and meet new people. That was until five months ago. She had met the much younger rookie ball player Phil. Phil had instantly caught her fancy and during his weeklong stay with us she had pledged her undying love for him. Two weeks ago she followed him off to Florida. I promised to stay here and keep the B&B running while she went and had her fun. It simply didn't seem right to me that she should continue being so unhappy without him when I was capable of giving her all she wanted. My daily reverie of how I had gotten here is broken as I hear the phone ring. I clear my throat and pick up the phone. I expect to hear Angela, one of our few employees, calling out. Valentine's day is coming up and it's all that anyone with a significant other can think about. And since I haven't found anyone that I have been willing to date I am once more alone, and cursing this horrid holiday that Hallmark has decided to make into something other than a superficial validation of what should be already known between two people. Instead it's a high trilling voice. It seems odd to be coming from a person. Since the voice somehow reminds me of the soft sounds of a wind chime; sweet and soothing. "I'd like to reserve three rooms for the weekend," she tells me. And in those few words I can hear the enthusiasm in her voice. I look over the log in book quickly and bite back a groan. I'll have a full house this weekend. There goes wallowing in my "Bella's all alone pity party". "When will you be arriving?" I ask breaking out of my head and thoughts. "Oh, we're on the highway already so maybe in an hour, maybe two tops." "Oh- umm- ok what's the name?" "Cullen, we're from the area, my brother here just needs to get away from people for a while and he won't go on his own. He's a bit of a work-aholic," she says in a stage whisper as if any of this would matter to me. Even though I've heard the inane babbling of plenty of people the affection and enthusiasm which this woman was talking to me was contagious and endearing. And I can't help the giggle that escapes me when I hear the harsh whispers in the background obviously disagreeing with what she had just said. "Well then the Lovely Swan Bed and Breakfast will be just the thing for him. Would you like the rooms next to each other?" I asked going over a mental floor plan in my head. Most of the weekend guests wouldn't be arriving till Friday night. Since it was still early Thursday they could have the pick of the rooms. "Oh no, put one on the first floor and two on the top floor. And don't worry, we can wait ten or fifteen minutes for the rooms to be done when we get there." The certain tone that she had when making her last comment had taken me off guard. It wasn't what she said. I might have to have them wait a few extra minutes to make sure everything was in order. What was odd was the way that she was talking. It wasn't so much a comment as a statement of fact. Either way there was nothing more that I could say as she had already hung up the phone and the dial tone was coming through loud and clear as I slipped off into more thoughts. All in all I didn't mind running this little place. It was quiet enough that I could have plenty of time to myself and the sightseeing kept contact with the guests to a minimum. Not that I didn't like people, I just couldn't seem to relate to them like anyone else. Their worries were not my worries. I didn't like the things that normal twenty five year old females would like. And I couldn't find a man that would be able to hold my interest for longer than a few minutes. I always felt like the outsider in any conversation I had, and I was happier sitting off to the side watching all the action rather than partaking in it. I guess I had gotten all of my highly non-existent social butterfly ways from my father, who seemed to be the only one that understood the value of silence and the beauty of being left alone to decompress at night. The few people I worked with were all nice and good to work with. I was able to get along with them all very well. It was a surprise to me that things had been running so smoothly for me after having my mother run it for years. She had done all the hiring's and yet I was perfectly happy with the way that everything was. If only the weather were just a bit nicer it could very much be a near perfect existence. I busied myself getting the rooms ready, making sure the sheets were clean and that I had everything all set up for check in. Even still, with only me working that night it was too much to do and before I was ready I heard the front door open. I groaned into the empty room and straightened out my blouse. I knew there was no hope for my hair that had gone curly and frizzy from the days incessant rain so I simply pushed it out of my face and made my way quickly into the foyer. What stood before me were the most beautiful people that I had ever seen. None of them truly looked alike and yet the resemblance between them was striking. There was no way to deny that they had to somehow be related to one another. They were simply too beautiful to not be. Standing in the very front was a small woman who could be no more than five feet tall. Her hair seemed perfectly styled in very short spikes that almost framed her devastatingly beautiful face like a halo of black hair. Her big brown eyes stood out beautifully and to me she seemed as if she could be a woodland fairy. Standing beside her was a man that had to easily tower over her by over a foot. He seemed quiet and controlled which was a contrast to how she seemed to nearly vibrate in her spot from the effort it seemed to take to stand still. His blonde hair fell about him in curls and although it gave him a boyish quality there was no denying he was a handsome man. Next to them were the biggest man I had yet to see and the most gorgeous woman that I had ever laid eyes on. I had always known that there wasn't much to look at when it came to myself; but somehow this woman made me feel as if I needed to go and join a circus side show. So beautiful was every feature on her delicately arranged face and body that I could not fathom how any man could walk by her without falling on his knees and declaring himself in love. It was how Romeo had fallen for Juliet; and I was certain that was how it was for her and the man that she was with. There was nothing else to do but fall instantly in love with all of her sophisticated beauty. The man seemed to be two men combined into one overly large one. Even through his thick sweater I could see that every inch of him was carved out of thick muscle. His black hair curled and fell into his eyes and around his face in a careless way which suited the large grin that he wore on his face. And his blue eyes stood out like a clear ocean against the sandy shores of his tanned skin. They were both beautiful and belonged together. The closer that I got to the group the easier it was to spot the quiet man who stood to the back of the group. I could not decide whether he was respecting the two couples privacy or if he was trying not to be seen. It did not really matter though. He seemed quiet and pained almost. He didn't seem the type that would willingly make a stay at a place like this so he must have been the work-aholic. I can't really say how long I've been