This is 100% inspired by a one shot by BoredRavenvlaw620: The Secret Life of Purebloods. I highly recommend you go read that first! General synopsis of that story: tiny baby Draco meets itty bitty Hermione before Hogwarts. It's a darling piece So as always, I own nothing with a capital NOTHING. Not even the inspiration She knows him. Hermione Granger is absolutely sure she knows that boy with the platinum hair from somewhere. He was a rather rude little thing. All she wanted to know was if he had seen her friend's toad and he had the nerve to be salty about it. She had 'harumphed' most decisively and went along her way. But there was something... She doesn't spend too much time focused on it but it festers at the back of her brain. At the sorting feast she hears the name. Draco. A memory comes to her and she watches that same boy, the salty one with the white-blonde hair, reach the dais. The hat hollers "Slytherin" before its battered rim even touches his perfectly coiffed head. The little snot. She knows, from her research in Hogwarts: A History, that Slytherin is reserved for the most cunning, most ambitious, and most pureblooded of students. Which certainly explains why he spoke to her with such distain on the Express. But Draco... that little boy from the... the library? The memories are hazy and vague but she knows them to be true. Maybe Draco is just a really common name amongst Wizards. She will find out later that is not at all the case. The tradition of naming after constellations and stars is almost exclusive to the House of Black. Does he not remember her? Obviously not. Or perhaps he is ashamed of his tiny self, allowing himself to be tainted by "dirty muggles" early in life. It stings and she puts him out of her mind as much as she can. It's hard, however, to ignore him, obsessed as he is with tormenting her and her dear friend Harry. It seems as he's always there, taunting and pushing and demeaning. In second year, when the basilisk is a real threat, the potential for her to honest-to-Godric actually die , he is so flippant about her demise it opens the fresh wounds. Her memories of him have only grown sharper the longer she is around him. After a year of knowing him as "Malfoy" she remembers sitting with their knees touching in the library, of the proud way he told her his name, and most especially, the time she confided in him that she could do magic, showing him her trick of changing the color of a flower in her hand. He had been so surprised but didn't call her strange like that little brat Susan at her primary school. In third year he calls her a Mudblood and her reaction is extreme. Never a physically violent sort by nature, knowing that he has either forgotten her or ignoring that they'd ever met, she is furious he would insult her so. She hauls off and hits him as hard as her thin adolescent arms can hit. There is a moment of pure satisfaction when she sees his eyes tear up before he runs off. Her friends try to comfort her and Hagrid tells her she shouldn't put any stock in such nonsense, but none of them know why it hurts so deeply that her once friend has turned on her so abruptly. For the second time, Hermione does her best to put Draco Malfoy out of her mind and get on with her own path. She is fiercely loyal to Harry and developing a crush on their friend Ron. A war is brewing and yet she finds time for young love and the heartache that follows. In her fifth year, Draco's father is amongst a group that try earnestly to kill her. She knows then that little boy she knew was a fluke. A mistake. A moment in time that wasn't meant to last. This was his future all along. He has been groomed for this hate, following the path of his father. Seeing Lucius Malfoy on the wrong end of his wand strengthens her resolve to forget the boy she thought he was. She sees the fate of Draco Malfoy in his father's cold eyes. Then, the following year, she sees an unknown burden crushing him; a boy still. Draco returns to their sixth year pompous as ever, but by the holidays he is haggard and worn. His weight sloughs off his already thin frame and his eyes tell a story she isn't sure she wants to hear. He tries to murder a sick old man and fails at even that. Harry says he was lowering his wand and she can't help the images battering against her memories. Remember the boy, her mind insists. Remember Draco the boy and tea in the park and flower petals cupped gently in your hand as he grins in awe. Remember when you visited the library every day that summer hoping he would be back and remember the disappointment when he never came. He was lowering his wand. She sees him again at the apex of her own misery. Tortured and starving and bleeding on an exquisite antique rug, he looks down at her, frozen. His aunt is carving her skin, tattooing her lineage and cackling madly over her as she screams and sobs. She loses sight of him but finds his mother staring at her with saucer eyes, one delicate hand hiding her mouth and she knows that Draco might have forgotten but Narcissa has not . Hermione survives a war, riddled with scars though she is, and finds love with Ron Weasley. They try their best but it doesn't click. Not forever. Not for long. They will always love, but they will do it with distance. Her flat feels empty when he leaves, until suddenly it just feels like it's all hers. Draco and Hermione see each other often as their lives really begin. Hermione is a shining star in the field of Mind Magic and Memory Alteration. Having perfected her skills in her attempt to restore the memories of her parents, she is sought after for her talents and finds herself teaching classes and speaking at seminars the world over. Draco, as the head of Malfoy Enterprises, seeks to tap her as a resource for his Magical Medicine division, specifically in the field of Mind healing. She declines of course. She is older and wiser and can forgive many things but Draco, as much as he assures her his prejudice is behind him, still weighs heavy on her heart. Unfortunately, he has also wormed his way in to her social circles. "I don't know why you can't just forgive him, 'Mione. I mean, you said you were what? Like five years old-" "Six," she corrects, interrupting. "Six. Whatever. Who remembers anything from when they were six for Merlin's sake?" "Well I do obviously," she answers back smartly. Ron rolls his eyes at her. "Give the bloke a break. He's really not so bad." Hermione can't tell you how much she would like to return to the days when it was popular amongst her friends to hate Draco Malfoy. Now suddenly it's 'Oh Draco has the best tickets to Quidditch games' and 'did you hear Draco invited us onto his family's yacht?' and 'you know who would be great for a little two on two Quidditch?' Yes of course… fucking Draco. "Yes I'm sure he's peachy." Ron just shrugs and finishes his muffin in one disgustingly large bite. How they dated for three years she isn't sure at this point but she's happy to be on the other side of that relationship, looking back fondly at both the sweet memories and the overdue breakup. "I've got to meet Harry in ten. Can you grab the check? I think I forgot my galleons in my other Auror cloak." His smile is sheepish and hers is indulgent and she ticks off one more reason she's fond of the breakup portion of the relationship. She throws down a handful of wizarding coin and slugs back a generous drink of her mediocre café au lait. What she wouldn't give for a Starbucks in Diagon but alas, some prejudice still lingers and even the most open-minded wizards and witches are wary of muggle culture consuming their own. "Granger." Hermione closes her eyes briefly and takes a fortifying breath before turning on a charming smile and looking up over her shoulder. Draco is standing just behind, looming over her, but with an answering smile. "Hello, Malfoy." "Was that your Weasel of a boyfriend I just missed?" "Not for four years he hasn't been but you keep working on that and I'm sure you'll get it eventually." Syrup would absolutely drip off her words. He chuckles at her and flops down in Ron's vacated seat. "Just making sure things are still the same. He talks about you a lot on the pitch you know. Sure he's not trying to rekindle?" Draco wriggles his eyebrows at her and she only quirks her lip and shakes her head, not rising to his bait. He reaches across the table and snags her drink, taking a large swallow of the last of her coffee. "Hey!" She jerks it back from him only to find the cup empty and give him a glare. "Can I do something for you? I have…" she pretends to check a watch that is not anywhere on her arm, "about one minute of prat conversation available then I really must be going." "You wound me, you know. C'mon, Granger, your boyfriends love me. When are you going to stop playing hard to get." Her eyes narrow. "You do want something," she accuses. Draco, in a very uncharacteristic display, shifts in his seat and actually looks nervous. "I erm… I need your help. Please." Well that catches her attention, though she is cautious. "If this is another attempt to get me to join Malfoy Enterprises-" "No, no. Not that. This is a personal request." "From you?" She clarifies. He snorts, "What, you think I'm passing notes in class for a friend? Yes for me. Would you be willing to meet me somewhere private?" "That's quite forward of you." He rolls his eyes and his shoulders and just generally rolls at her. "Salazar's ballsack, are you always this suspicious?" "With you?" She counters, incredulous. "Bloody hell yes I am." "Fucking… just hold on." He's muttering under his breath and then retrieves from the inside pocket of his very smart blazer, a muggle phone. "What are you doing?" He glares at her. "I'm texting Potter to tell him where we will be so, you know, in case I murder you he'll know where to pick up the body." Remembering that Draco is indeed a part of her circle of friends, though she doesn't exactly count him as such personally, she feels a bit chastised and reaches across the table to place a hand over his just after he sends his message, showing her agreement. "Come on then. Let's… let's just get this over with," she says with just a hint of amusement. He smirks and snaps the phone closed. "I knew you liked me." "Don't push it." She follows him, against her better judgement, to his private flat in muggle London. She's been vaguely aware over the years he no longer lives at the manor. Lucius is there, under an incredibly stringent house arrest with absolutely no use of magic. Even neutered though he is, she has heard Draco mention to their friends that he can hardly stand to look at the man after so many years of living under his thumb and watching his strong and beautiful mother cower and demure under his glare. His private home is spacious but not as ostentatious as she would have expected from the