Disclaimer: So many things here I don't own. "Come on, Pansy. Don't tell me you've not thought about it. You don't know what you've got until it's gone, love. Now I know what I've been missing." Hermione Granger rounds a corner near the library to find Draco Malfoy leaning into Pansy Parkinson. He's making an obvious attempt to reconnect. Hermione rolls her eyes at the ridiculous cliché line he just tried to use but then slows her pace and stays partially hidden when she sees Pansy seem to lean into him. "Merlin, Draco, you always know just what to say..." Her eyes flutter closed and she leans ever closer, their lips nearly connecting, when she stops and puts a hand on his chest. "No. Not this time. You're words are pretty but it never works. We never work. Not before the war and certainly not now." There are tears in the corner of her eyes as she backs away and then Hermione sees her tear down the corridor, away from Slytherin's somewhat-fallen prince. Draco scuffs his shoe on the stone floor, in what seems more agitation than heartbreak, and then turns a corner into the library. Hermione follows just after and takes a seat at a table across from her former rival. He doesn't seem to notice her, intent as he is in looking at a parchment full of notes. Hermione watches him for a moment before digging in to her own work. Until, that is, Daphne Greengrass enters in a huff and flops down across from him. "What did you do to Pans," she hisses in an angry whisper. "I just reminded her what we had. Seems she's not interested in revisiting that connection." Daphne rolls her eyes at him. "You mean you tried to shag her and she realized you don't want her for more than that?" Draco grins a little. "Always the smartest of the witches in my life." He shrugs and tucks the parchment back in his robes. "Pansy and I had fun. I never promised more than that." He seems to regard her for a moment, coming to some decision. Hermione realizes she's been watching the exchange unabashedly and completely ignoring the study guide in front of her. She really should be studying for her Potions exam but something about Draco in 8th year has had her a little intrigued. He seems more open. Casual. He has completely stopped bullying her, Harry, and Ron. Though he still mostly keeps to Slytherin for company, he is relatively polite to other houses and their instructors. Sarcastic and haughty at times, but not cruel. He also, notably, seems to be in constant flirtation with various classmates but has not settled down to a particular witch. "You know," he's saying now, "I only went back to Pansy because she's safe. Familiar. Maybe I'm afraid of rejection. Maybe I don't know what witch might take a chance on me. What about you, Daphne?" He looks at her with smouldering eyes and brushes her hand with his across the table. "Would you take a chance on me?" He sounds so completely out of character, it's all Hermione can do not to snicker. His pick-up lines are atrocious, how can these witches even consider... But again she sees Daphne bite her lip like she's actually thinking about it. "I know better than that, Draco Malfoy. I see past that silver tongue. You'll always take more than you give." She actually looks a little sad as she gets up to walk away. Draco huffs and takes the parchment back out that he had been working on, making notes next to the other writing. XXXXXX An evening mere days after the library encounter, Hermione is patrolling the halls when she finds Malfoy yet again in an intimate setting with a witch. It's not quite curfew so she really has no reason to interfere, but her curiosity was always a dangerous aspect to her personality and she is drawn into listening from around an alcove, mostly hidden from view. The witch giggles at whatever Hermione has just missed and she sees Malfoy move a little closer. "We could take in a Quidditch match maybe, over the hols." "I suppose you wouldn't have any trouble getting tickets then?" she asks with a demure smile. He smirks down at her and chuckles. "I never have trouble getting tickets to anything. In fact," closer still, he leans into the petite girl, "if you want to explore the possibilities in a more private setting, I think I've got two tickets to paradise." The girl giggles again and Hermione nearly chokes. There is no way in all of creation Draco Malfoy came up with that line on his own. Unable to stand it, she continues down the corridor, leaving the safety of her hiding place which causes the witch, who Hermione now recognizes as a pureblood Hufflepuff girl, to step back from the compromising position. Draco in turn glares at her. Megan Jones bites her lip and says, "Well I guess it's time to get to my room. Maybe we can talk again later?" She flashes Draco a smile and then walks away with an embarrassed blush on her cheeks. "Great. Thanks, Granger. Excellent timing." "Sorry but you know it is almost curfew," she says as if she knows he is fully aware of the time. "I'm just beginning my patrol." Unable to control her insatiable questioning mind, she asks, "What are you doing out right now anyway?" "I was having a nice chat with that pretty little Hufflepuff but it seems your swottiness scared her off." "A chat? Seems you were trying to do more than talk." He grins a little and shifts to a more casual stance. "Jealous, Granger?" She snorts before she can help it and raises an eyebrow. "Of those sorry pick-up lines you've been trying? Not in the slightest. I may not be the most sought after witch at Hogwarts but I'm discerning enough to want to be romanced, not picked up like a lady of the night in a tavern." He seems to pout a little, as if he has no idea how ridiculous he sounded. "What's wrong with how I romance? You didn't see her protesting did you? Witches love my poetic flirting." She laughs outright this time and gasps around the word, "poetic?" as incredulous as she can. "You think you sound poetic …?" His completely serious demeanor makes her stop laughing (eventually) and she questions, "Wait... you really think you sound smooth don't you?" "Maybe you just don't appreciate my beautiful use of language and clever turn of phrase." She eyes him and slowly works out, "Wait... what is that parchment you had in the library?" He looks momentarily surprised but hides it with a sneer. "Spying on me now, Granger? How very common. Unless... are you interested?" He smirks and moves a little closer and Hermione is backed into a wall with his lean body angled close and warm. He lowers his voice and brushes a curl from her eyes, his own softening into the burn of an ember. "You can be honest with me. I'm not the same guy I was last year. Do you think I'm sexy, Hermione?" Her breath hitches and he leans even closer, studying her with those haunting grey eyes. "Do you want me? My body?" His fingers trail down her arm delicately enough to make her weep. She seriously considers his question. Does she? Merlin, but he is quite fit and she's not been with anyone since Ron early last summer and holy fucking dragons his lips are so unbelievably close. Does he want her ? "Come on, Sugar… let me know..." The spell is completely broken when Hermione loses all basic function and laughs in his face. Either he's serious and it's hilarious or he's just having a laugh at her expense and laughing first seems her best defense. She pushes around him and waves him off as she heads down the corridor. Calling behind her she advises, "Get to the dungeons, Malfoy. Curfew in three minutes." XXXXXXXXXXXXXX In the coming days, Hermione doesn't notice Malfoy talking to as many other witches but she does notice him looking at her more than once. Probably cross that she saw through his little ruse, ruined his fun in tormenting her. Their next meeting occurs near the Quidditch pitch at nearly dusk on a chilly Friday night. Hermione is trudging back from a visit with Hagrid. She finds she is spending more time with him this year as Ron and Harry are becoming more and more enthralled in their own changing lives. Harry is working toward Auror training at the end of term and his relationship with Ginny has advanced into something much more time consuming and definitely less of a group activity. Ron has rekindled something with Lavender Brown, and thank Merlin for that distraction, quickly mending his 'broken heart' and leaving Hermione free of his sweet but doomed pursuit. She notices Malfoy flying formations alone above the pitch and quickens her pace, not wanting to be the subject of his ridicule. The more she considered their confrontation in the corridor, the more she has decided it was a gag and she was the joke. He lands just ahead of her and she's completely pissed at herself for thinking how amazing he looks in that Quidditch gear. "You're out late tonight, Head Girl." "It's not that late. Anyway, you're still out. A bit of the pot calling the cauldron black I dare say." He chuckles and dismounts his broom. "You've been avoiding me." "Avoiding…? What the ever-loving hell does that mean? I've always avoided you. Much the same as you did me unless you were looking for someone on which to take out your ire." He shrugs like it's nothing. Like seven years just vanish because he wills it so. "I've changed." "Well I've not," she says, haughty, and swings her curls over her shoulder. She re-starts her trek to the castle but he steps in front of her, blocking her path. "Are you afraid to be alone with me?" He asks with a little humour but she can tell he's also actually asking. Like it might bother him if she is. To alleviate any concerns on that front she raises her eyebrows and scoffs. "Of course not." "Then why run away?" She rolls her eyes this time and starts walking again. He falls into pace beside her. "I'm not running, Malfoy. When have we ever spoken outside of insults? Are you honestly asking why I'm not trying to engage you in conversation?" "I'm just wondering why you won't at least reciprocate when I try." "Because you're a prick?" His mirth scales off and he frowns slightly. "You don't really know me at all, has that occurred to you? I mean beyond the part of myself I had to put forward all these years. I'm more than that." A little guilt prickles behind her brain and she stops to look at him. "I'm sure that's true actually. I always assumed there was more underneath. I'm the one that told Harry there's no way you were evil enough to be a Death Eater." The delicious temptation to throw out "guess I was wrong" calls to her but she tempers her biting remark to simply, "no one is just any one thing." He seems to find her words encouraging and grins again. "You for instance, Granger, must be more than a bookish little know-it-all." "Was that supposed to be a compliment? Merlin you are terrible at this." "At what?" "I don't know, whatever this is. Chatting up girls? I mean that ditzy little Hufflepuff seemed impressed I suppose." "Who says I was chatting you up? Just having a conversation." "You chased me down from the pitch to have a conversation with a mudblood?" He looks away and she sees his jaw tense. "I don't use that word