Update as of July 17, 2012: As most of you know, it has been quite a long time since I have updated this story. In the beginning, I promised that I would complete this story, and I have come back to honor that promise. I will attempt once again to share this story and complete it for those of you who have been so devoted and loyal in reading and/or reviewing. Within the next few weeks, I will begin working on it once again by first republishing each chapter after heavily revising them. Please be patient with me as I have a lot going on in my life. I initially had to quit my writing because of personal issues and my lack of time to continue my passion. I have changed as have circumstances in my life, but I am at a point where I want to pick up my writing once again and continue with my tale. I have completed the revision of the first chapter and have decided that I am changing quite a few things but nothing too major. Additionally, I would like for it to be known that although I adore Tolkien's work, I have taken the liberty to create a couple of new races for the purpose of this story. Other than that, I will try my best to stay true to the world he has created. Additionally, I started writing this when I was 15 or so and my writing has drastically improved over the years and hopefully it will begin to show. Since I am trying to get back into the writing business, please be patient with me. For this reason, negative reviews/comments will not be tolerated. :D Thank you for those who have waited eagerly and patiently for my updates. I hope that I will not disappoint you in my future writings. Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters or places (except for my own people of course.) Chapter 1: Fallen " Noro, Koto, noro (Run, Koto, run)!" One simple command was all it took for the midnight black horse to race away in an attempt to flee from the scene of pure chaos and destruction. The rider squinted her eyes hoping to clear her vision enough to steer through the smoky atmosphere before realizing she would have to place her faith in Koto and his abilities. The village had become eerily quiet, a swift change from the happy voices and tinkling laughs issuing forth earlier that day. The sound of Koto's hooves clomping seemed to echo all around her, yet they could not drown out the sound of flames licking up the sides of homes before devouring them entirely, causing wood to splinter and crumble. Whoever was responsible for extinguishing the life of the small village had come and gone quickly, as if acknowledging that a minor duty had been completed and it was on to the next. A powerful force that had now vacated her home had carelessly snuffed out precious lives that had been cultivating for years in a quiet and peaceful corner of Rhovanion. She forced herself to focus on escaping lest the devils should reappear as quickly as they had come and gone. As if sensing that there was still one small flickering flame of life left, her ears picked up the sound of vicious growling from the burning debris. Before she could turn around completely to spot the source, her body pitched forward sharply and her vision exploded briefly. Gasping loudly, her hands barely grasped Koto's mane in time to keep from falling off as the arrow embedded itself into her small body. Expelling a feeble cry, she could feel Koto slowing his pace in concern for his rider. Knowing if they were to stop they would both be joining the rest of the village's inhabitants, she weakly urged him to continue. " Noro (run)." Koto's pace immediately quickened once more, exceeding his original speed across the open field, carrying him and his rider away from the present peril. With her body slumped forward against her dear friend, she turned her head to see that her attacker had disappeared once more perhaps satisfied with the knowledge that she would perish as well in the coming moments. Turning forward again, she allowed Koto to thunder across the grounds as the smoke cleared and the flames were now nothing but a light wave of heat from behind, bringing forth memories of when she would lie facedown on the cool stones surrounding the nearby waterfall and allow the sun to warm her back. That memory was now tarnished as she remembered riding by moments ago and seeing a handful of bodies strewn about the rocks or floating in the water with blood pooling around them. Shaking her head to clear the horrifying images, she eventually slowed Koto with a gentle tug. His pace lessened to a trot, now hearing only the small gasps of pain from the woman. She sat up as best as she could, barely noticing the feel of the wind as it gently blew through the horse's mane and her own hair, before slowly reaching her hand to her back. After fumbling around for a moment, she was able to locate the point of entry. With a quick movement and a sharp intake of breath, the arrow was wrenched through her flesh and into the fresh air. She pulled it around, hoping that the head was still not lodged in her back. She was satisfied to see that the arrow was still somehow intact even though it had been pretty deep and was now saturated with her blood. Reaching down to the bottom of her modest riding dress, she began ripping off a large section of fabric. Once she was satisfied with the length of the strip, she made an attempt to crudely wrap it around her torso and stem the flow of blood. It was no easy feat as she was weak and her shaking hands slipped a few times while trying to tie the knot, as the blood on her hands had not yet dried. With nothing else to treat her wounds and no time to waste, she urged Koto onward with a clear destination in mind. With a firm but gentle squeeze of her legs, the horse took off once more as her mind flashed back to what had just occurred not too long ago. Flinging opening the door, the young female flew into her home, heart racing and eyes darting around the environment. She had just returned from her morning ride and was pleased to be returning with ripe fruit for her family, expecting to be met with smiling faces of her mother and father and teasing comments from her brothers. The fruit had been haphazardly discarded as soon as she reached the burning village. On the floor of her childhood home she observed pools of dark blood. The shade was so surreal but the cruelty of the situation was that it was no artist's paint. This had come from the bodies of her dying or dead loved ones. " Adar? Naneth? (Father? Mother?)", she desperately called out, her voice breaking. She continued on through the living area, frightened at what she would find next. As she rounded the corner, she discovered a limp figure on one side of the bed. " Naneth (Mother)?" Turning the body over, she immediately turned to the side and closed her mismatched eyes, placing her hand over her mouth holding back the urge to wretch. Her dear mother's throat had been slit open, and blood stained her beautiful light blue dress. There was so much blood. How could there be so much blood? Her hands hovered over her mother's body, unsure of what to do. A feeling of absolute helplessness coursed through her body. She could not heal something that no longer had life. She could not care for her mother's wounds as she had done for her when she was a young child. Her trembling hands drifted to her mother's cooling right hand. Grasping it with both of hers, the tears came suddenly and she lowered her head and rested it on their clasped hands. Her chest wracked with sobs as she slightly rocked back and forth on her knees. As she tried to catch her breath, she sat up and kissed her mother's forehead and continued to weep heavily against her muttering apologies that she was not there to protect her or die trying. Moments later, a faint sound could be heard from nearby. Standing up, she followed the sound noticing more blood covering the floor. As she pushed open the door, she let out a gasp. Her father lay on the floor, his eyes still open, his breathing inconsistent and quick. His eyes caught hers and she crossed over to him quickly before falling to her knees heavily. Grabbing her father's hand as she had done to her mother, she looked into his eyes. "W-who did this to you? To our family? Where's Ludo and Caritan?" He shook his head at the mention of her lively and often insufferable brothers. What she would not give to be the brunt of their jests or watch as they planned something devious for a village-dweller before suffering the wrath of said villager after they executed some trick. "It was a quick end. They did not see it coming. Do not worry, my child, for they are in a better place." "This can't be happening," she muttered to herself in disbelief, her eyes searching for a way to save her father whose life was ebbing from his body slowly but surely. "Lehlina," he softly spoke which earned her attention once more. "I know I have never allowed you to venture far from our home, but your safety now depends on it. Go to Mirkwood. I know you remember the path. You were always so eager to pour over maps of the land with me, my bright and inquisitive daughter. I had hoped to one day take you myself, but now you must go alone." Lehlina angrily shook her head. "No, father, we shall go together!" "I cannot my child. You must flee before they find you, for they will surely end you as well." He reached his bloody hand to the small wooden cabinet next to him. He opened the door, and began pawing at a loose section at the bottom under soft fabrics. Leaning over, she began to help him and together they pried off a section and she stared in disbelief at an item wrapped up in a light grey cloth. Wide eyes turning to him, he nodded at her and coughed weakly. Quickly unwrapping the cloth, she held her breath as she pulled out a beautiful necklace. It was a thick silver chain and in the middle of it, was a crystal heart. Her eyes glossed over the item but confusion ruled her thoughts. She knew she had never seen her mother wear this, but was startled as to why as it was so lovely. Could it have belonged to someone else? How was this first time she had seen it? "This was your mother's," he began though his eyes did not completely meet hers as if the truth he spoke was only a half-truth. " It will bring you good luck. We were waiting for the right moment to give it to you but I believe that sadly now is the time. Do not wear it openly, however, my young one. There are so many things you do not know or understand yet. My only regret is that I will not be here to help you with your journey. We should have told you sooner." The girl continued to shake her head in confusion and anger. Nothing he said was making any sense to her. Were these words just deluded thoughts and ramblings of a dying man? " I do not