Azkaban It had been years since I'd seen the sun's bright rays, fourteen long years, but that was to be expected in this hell, where the filthy rats are the least of your worries. In Azkaban, time is the only thing that you cannot escape. Every day, you can feel your soul, or what's left of it, slowly being chiseled away and leaving behind an aching void that immediately fills with bitter hatred, and the burning passion of vengeance. I do not belong here in this low-life scum hole. I am a member of two pureblood wizard families: the Blacks and the Lestranges. Sure, I may have tortured a young couple into insanity, and yes, I used illegal dark magic, but this prison was beneath the likes of me. So what the little urchin of a child the couple had is now an orphan? What doesn't kill you makes you stronger. Unless, you are a filthy piece of blood-traiting riffraff. I laughed maniacally at my own joke. I saw two Dementors glide past my cell; I instantly cut the laughter and buried my face into the cold, stone corner. I kept my eyes tightly shut and my lips pursed. It was always cold and wet inside Azkaban, the torrents of rain never ceasing, but the presence of a Dementor brought the temperature to a frigid level. When I felt the icy air lift, I knew thta they were gone. Though I truly feared nothing apart from my master's easily flared temper, I definitely wanted to avoid the Dementor's Kiss at all costs. If one of those happy suckers took my soul, I would no longer be of any use to the Dark Lord once he released me from this damn prison. I feel it in my black, wretched heart that he will come to rescue me. He needs me. I'm his most loyal servant. The life sentence I'm currently serving is on his behalf. There are no other circumstances in which I would allow myself to endure this horrid treatment, left to rot in this cold, dark, oppressive asylum. My reputation, health, and sanity are on the line every moment I spend in this place. He will break me out of here. He will reward me for my unwavering loyalty after his fall from power. I alone took the initiative to find him, to help him. The imbeciles serving life sentences on the same charge had no hand in the plan. I gathered them together and instructed them to assist me in the torture of the Longbottoms. I remember our short-lived triumph like it was yesterday. I cackled vehemently as the two defenseless aurors writhed in pain, their screams echoing in the air to my delight. They knew where the Dark Lord had retreated in his weakened state, I could feel it. So why wouldn't they just give it and surrender their information? I would have stopped the torture and possibly spared their miserable lives if only they'd given me a confession. Now they had plucked my last nerve. I would get it out of them, one way or another. "Bellatrix, they're not budging. We'd best go before the authorities are alerted." My idiot husband Rodolphus said, clearly panicked. "NO! THE DARK LORD NEEDS US! WE MUST FIND HIM!" I shrieked madly. The young couple was now lying face down on the floor, still heaving from my last Cruciatus attack. As I stepped forward to unleash another hit, two of the three men grabbed me from behind. Rodolphus had me tightly around the waist. His brother, Rabastan, latched onto my right arm, attempting to take my wand. I looked desperately to Barty for help. He caught the pleading look in my eyes and smirked. "Sorry Madame Lestrange, I agree with these two. I think the aurors have had enough. We've certainly had our fun with 'em. I think it's time you gave it up and we get the bloody hell out of here." He said this as though he were addressing a child. I looked up with helpless eyes, begging them to let me take one final shot. They all shrugged, releasing me. I grinned malevolently. The two Longbottoms were lying on the floor, muttering to themselves in hushed tones. When they saw me approaching, they straightened up a little and tried feebly to shield themselves with their arms. I slowly aimed my twelve and three quarter's inch wand toward them, I held it steady, locking my victims in the line of fire. "Please Bellatrix, we have a son. Who will care for him?" Alice Longbottom begged for her life. I eased the tension in my face and formed what could pass as a friendly smile. Just as relief flooded her face, the child she'd spoken of started to wail from somewhere in the back of the house. It refueled my anger. "Not you!" I shouted. And with that, I performed a powerful Cruciatus Curse; I knew the two aurors wouldn't be capturing anymore dark wizards anytime soon. After they lost consciousness, the other Death Eaters and I made for the door. I felt so alive! They hadn't told us anything of value, but my mission to find the Dark Lord was now somehow more hopeful, seemed to be more within my grasp. Just as we closed the door behind us, we heard a wailing alarm go off, filthy muggles unable to hear it of course. A group of roughly ten aurors appeared out of thin air, the white fog of their recent Apparation still swirling around them in loose coils. They started shouting and casting frantic spells our way. My fellow Death Eaters were trying to formulate a plan of some sort, but with all the destruction and chaos, I barely had time to think, much less process anything they were saying. Two bulky men were hot on my tail, tirelessly firing stunning spells my way. " Protego! " I screamed at the top of my lungs. I held my concentration and managed to hold my shield long enough to tire them out. Moving at their now lethargic speed, I was able to find a window to cast my own spell. " Incarcerous! " I bellowed. I watched a few second longer to confirm that I'd hit my target. I felt an ecstatic smile forming on my lips. Finally, the frenzied chase was over. We had escaped unscathed! I felt a pair of strong arms fasten around my waist, pinning my arms to my side. Feeling my dangerous fury flare up inside me, I squirmed frantically, kicking my legs violently. My captor groaned, but his grip did not slacken. I must have smashed a few toes with my high-heeled boots. Realizing that my struggle was a lost cause, I turned my gaze to my companions. All of them were being bound in heavy iron shackles at the hands and feet. The aurors had won. I hung my head in shame, holding back a plethora of foul words. Surprisingly, I also felt tears forming in my eyes. I personally had failed the Dark Lord. I felt the hot tears begin to well up in my eyes as I relived the memory. All I sought was to find him, to be his savior, so that I'd never have to endure another one of his harsh punishments. I just wanted him to think that I was important; to feel the same way about me that I did him. This place was really beginning to affect my mental health. Azkaban, being the dark, musty, cold-hearted place that it was, often leaves me with nothing but my own lonely thoughts, and my miserable self-pity. I slumped back against the rough wall. What did I have to do to make the Dark Lord come to my rescue? I had been trapped in this madhouse for fourteen years; it made me think of all the instances I had tried to reveal my true feelings for him. He'd repeatedly gotten close to requiting the emotions, then rapidly turning hostile and threatening to kill me. Sitting alone in the corner of my cell, my thoughts began to drift again to memories of the past. Finally, no more school. I was free of Hogwarts forever. I was on to bigger and better things. All my friends and I had been talking about for the last year and a half was Voldemort. The way the name felt on my tongue made me grin mischievously. I'd been waiting, just waiting for the opportunity to join his ranks. He'd just started gathering followers about two years ago; already writers of the Daily Prophet were calling him the "villain of the century" and "the most powerful dark wizard of all time." I had kept up with all his activities and muggle attacks in that time period. I was desperate for a chance to meet him and prove my worth. I slipped quietly into the Three Broomsticks. All the craze of graduating left me stressed and exhausted. My entire family had attended the ceremony. They were all anxiously awaiting my departure for home. I'd told them I was going to stay in Hogsmeade for a few days just to spend some time with my friends. All my friends had gone home yesterday, so in truth I just needed to take a breather. Having some time of self-confinement was what I needed under all this stress. I gracefully perched myself onto one of the barstools. The bartender strode over to me and cleared his throat. "What can I get ya darlin'?" He barked. I snorted in disbelief. "I'll take a firewhisky and a butterbeer. Oh, and don't call me darlin'." I retorted crudely. He sauntered off, looking hurt to fetch my drinks. I rested my chin on my hand, surveying the bustling tavern with subtle cynicism. All the occupants seemed to be partially drunk and vivaciously happy. All, except me, and a strange man in the far corner. He wore a sinister black cloak, the hood pulled securely over his eyes so that I could only make out his nose and mouth. Though I was casually scanning over the room, the man seemed to know I was looking directly at him. I dropped my gaze to the floor. After a few painfully slow minutes, I risked a glance his way. Now he was watching me. Although his eyes were covered by his hood, I had a feeling in the pit of my stomach that they were directly on me. I turned back to face the counter. "Here's your drinks. That'll be two Galleons and three Sickles ma'am. Let me know if ya need anything else." The bartender said gruffly, the glasses thundering loudly onto the counter, spilling some of the contents onto the counter. I furrowed my eyebrows crossly at the bartender. He caught the intended hostile expression and swiveled around, beginning to scurry his bulky frame away. "Here's your money, sir!" I spat hatefully, flinging the coins at him. He covered his head with his arms, but the coins spattered over him like angry raindrops and tumbled noisily to the wooden floor. All the merry laughter, singing, and toasting halted. The peaceful drunkards all looked at me disbelievingly, their mouths agape. I glared at them all savagely. They shrank back in fear. Eyebrows still knitted, I leapt off the barstool. I strode furiously around, pointing my wand back and forth over the crowd of people. "Please Madame, we don't want no trouble." A rough looking wizard stuttered. I spun his way at light-speed, jabbing my wand into his throat. He shrank back a little at the pain. I smiled insanely, pressing it more firmly. My breast was now heaving violently. "I don't care what hell you want, you illiterate buffoon!" I shrieked madly. My temper finally bursting, I bellowed, " Silencio! " and all the noise ceased. " Petrificus totalus! " I followed up the silencing spell with a petrifying curse. I took a