Quick story info. If you haven't read my userprofile here are some of the basics for this fanfic. 1. This fanfic is basically the storyline, in better depth, for my Rpg of the same name. (WARNING: this is and will be MY interpretation of the way I see events unfolding in this storyline. The Rpg itself is and always will be affected by the choices and how the the members see the events occurring this is in no way the way they should follow the story.) 2. This is a completely AU storyline, & while there is some romance unlike the original twilight saga this is NOT primarily a romance story. 3. This fanfic will be told from the perspective of one person, my role in the Rpg 4. This isn't going to be short in the slightest. The quick write of the RPGs storyline is at least 3,000 words or more. So this will be much more lengthy. It will have ordinary moments and it will have action moments as well as a lot of tension I just hope you can follow along. ;) 5. Any use of this fanfic for an Rpg is not allowed. If you drawl inspiration from it I would prefer to be informed as such beforehand. (This may be new to see and completely irrelevant to some of you fanfic readers but I find a lot of roleplayers use fanfics for ideas) Anyways that's it for now, I hope you enjoy this ride! Starshine Chapter 1: Just a Spark Fire, screams, and red eyes everywhere. It had been such a long time since the death of Sasha and the child brother they never knew was theirs. Murdered for crimes that should have never been committed. Did she relish in her mother's death for her sins? No . Did she understand why it had been done? Yes . Did her heart not still break as they tore away her family? Irrevocably . Sasha had taken unto herself punishment for her acts but she remained forever their mother for her act of love. She had known what she had done, knew the consequences and had accepted them, but she had refused until her very last breath to let her coven be punished for her misdeed. Repeatedly Tanya found herself contemplating Sasha's reasoning. She had created an immortal child but was it out of sympathy towards it? Had she felt more loneliness within herself though she had daughters? Or had she simply grown tired of immortality and did so because... No , she knew it could not be reason for it. The look of her mother's eyes spoke fear, heartbreak, and sorrow. She was taken she did not choose to leave. For that she and her sisters had grown to both despise and fear the terribly great coven that their world looked to for 'control', the Volturi and in effect became purists for the vampiric laws that had been set into place. After that day things changed they were never the same again. They all felt the loss of Sasha, though Tanya felt it most deeply and to fill the void they began to seek comfort in the arms of men though they faced some difficulties. Even for a fully matured vampire or the most controlled it was difficult for them to resist the lure of the blood that pulsed through their companion males. As a result they would often end up killing their partners in the act which had earned them a rather interesting title among the mortals; Succubus, a demon who would seduce men before killing them. It mattered very little to them and at first the deaths were of no consequence. Only it turned out that not even their human flesh beside them or the essence that flowed from their veins dulled the ache inside and as time passed their hearts began to fill with remorse for killing them. For Tanya although the circumstances were much different they only served to remind her even more vividly of her mother's death. When the ache began to grow instead of lesson even as she lay with them it no longer felt like a suitable way to cope. So she spurned the company of mortal men but the loneliness never lifted and she began to ponder if there was a way for her to continue without it ending in death. At first she believed it to be her lack of feeding before engaging in intimacy that caused her loss of control so she attempted to quench her thirst beforehand. When that didn't work the idea clicked in her mind that it was the steady diet of human blood that made it so difficult and thus she attempted a different kind of diet which had provided fruitful results. Animal blood wasn't as appealing or as delectable as a human's but it took care of her nutritional needs and would suffice as a suitable alternative. Her sisters saw what kind of results it welcomed and enthusiastically followed suit. They had become the first vampire coven to renounce their diet of human lifeblood and though it wasn't easy it was not difficult. They had worked to control their instincts and after a few centuries of the constant diet they had perfected their lifestyle and had been rewarded for their efforts as now framed by their blonde locks stared faces with eyes of golden amber instead of red. Their habits didn't change much and they continued seeking comfort in the arms of men without incident. But even they couldn't beat the pain apart and eventually secluded themselves away. They had chosen Denali. It was not crowded by humans, or short of meals. They could be free to some extent while keeping themselves hidden from the world. Though hidden the sisters would still indulge in pleasures of the flesh to try and alleviate some of their pain but they never hovered too closely to their homes or gave away their identities. Time passed for many a year when their new home was descended upon. A pair, mates even Eleazar and Carmen encountered the sisters in peace. Carmen had found herself ill-suited to the traditional feeding habits of their kind and found the vegetarian lifestyle they had embraced to be favorable which Tanya was happy to explain. With ease Carmen picked up the alternative and though it was with some reluctance as did her mate. They grew closer and closer to the sisters and eventually they were welcomed them into their coven with Tanya taking her natural place as leader among them. In that welcome they built a second house close to the main one so that the two could have privacy or at least the appearance of it. Yes, Tanya had felt a closeness forming between her and her new coven mates, but somewhere she felt that no matter how close she could ever feel to them she would have no more sisters, no brothers, no mother. And as a result the ache in her chest sparked once more. It was with this that she could no longer find comfort in her human flings and the ache grew ever more. Her sisters never quite gave up the role they had been given as succubus' and Tanya wouldn't control them and retain them from their endeavors but she no longer did so herself. The emptiness would never go away and she had begun to accept that and instead tried to find other means of keeping her mind occupied. She felt a hand on her shoulder and turned to find her sister, Kate. The pair she had been recollecting time of had stationed themselves across from her in the doorway with worry on their faces as they looked on at the woman they had claimed as leader. "Are you alright?" Questioned Kate. Her eyes searched for answers in Tanya's while she waited for her sister's response. "I was just thinking of...some things." She finally replied. A forced smile graced her lips to indicate she'd rather not discuss it but she would be perfectly alright. She gestured to her coven mates of the same and they wearily turned giving her space. Kate nodded at her answer not pressing the matter further. Her sister had been lost in her thoughts before ever since Sasha's death so it wasn't as though it was new to her. Though she had thought that her heart had healed a fragment of itself so that she could move on for sometime, but after they were joined by the pair bond she realized she had been wrong. "You should feed it's been too long hasn't it?" She inquired not needing to know her sister's answer to know her statement was moved her head almost mechanically mimicking her sisters motion before she began to step away from her room it had been too long. They didn't hunt for pleasure merely sustenance and they chose their prey carefully. Denali was a national forest and was filled with endangered species as much as it was meal choices. They would simply act as population control to help keep the ecosystem in balance a sort of service that at least gave the idea of a payment for their use of the land. Yes Denali was perfect for them. Tanya moved her head almost mechanically mimicking her sisters motion before she began to step away from her room. It had been too long. She exited their home in a swift movement and took to the snow the ice of the brisk air danced on her skin but she could feel it not. For so long she was deprived of the simplicities that humans bore and eternity had felt unbearable in those moments but she had found something exceptional to give her a taste of what she had lost so long ago. She inhaled deeply bringing in the chilled air to her crystallized body and for a brief moment she felt alive . She stopped after some time surveying the landscape and contemplating what the next meal should be when she heard something out of place. Something was amiss. She glanced to her left and then right at the places her coven had taken up beside her. They must have known it too and so they searched together. It wasn't uncommon for them to have visitors of their kind but it was still rare and their home would not be endangered by anyone . They sped off in the direction that most called to their senses and reached out for any life with the abilities not zeroed in on one goal. Nothing but animals and the presence of the other vampires. They were close now standing atop a high rise hill as they looked down on the terrain to find a group of vampires invading their territory all at different spaces but one familiar presence was that of Stregoni's she had heard vivid enough descriptions of him from Eleazar when he and his mate had joined them. This was no coven it couldn't be. Her sisters looked to her concern written on their faces as they watched to group below but even though her senses were high she felt no threat. Eleazar broke the silence with a whisper that could only be heard because of their proximity. "Stregoni. He wasn't like the other leaders of the Volturi. He may bear no threat at all or he may bring the wrath of the Volturi with him. Whatever the case may be I would recommend caution." She observed them for a moment longer carefully considering his words but she soon quickly caught their banter and antics. They were a coven, but much more as well. It seemed to be a family . She relaxed a little allowing her sisters to do the same. It wasn't until one of their ' guests ' began stalking one of the endangered species of the area that Tanya could not hold back any longer. She