Author's Note's: This is not set in any particular Lord of the Rings time...it is an alternate universe if you will, and the whole Lord of the Rings Story line doesn't have a big effect on it, except the characters are the same and the past is the same...but the whole ring thing didn't happen and in my universe isn't the crisis. Disclaimer: I know Lord of the Rings is a great book and I know that I shouldn't be tampering with something so great...that I can never hope to measure up to the Greatness. I just wanted everyone to know I'm not trying to do better; I'm just trying to make an entertaining story and get interesting thoughts out of my head into some kind of order that might make sense. What I mean is if you have extensive Lord of the Rings background knowledge, don't pick the story apart and judge it on every point...(ex: That wouldn't happen...they wouldn't say that or talk like that...) its just like being that annoying person who yells stuff like that in a movie theater, its just meant to be enjoyed, and with that said I'll give you the complete summary. Summary: An elf banned from her home in Mirkwood, seeks to eliminate the entire Elven race. Revenge is a dish best served cold Adriél didn't look like your typical Wood Elf. Her eyes were a pale lavender, and her fair hair was cut short about an inch above her shoulders. Her dress was in all black, her pants black with knee high leather boots that laced up the front, and a black tunic. At her thigh a dagger was sheathed; the was blade no bigger than her hand and the hilt, molded to her hand as if she was born with it there. On her back a sword was sheathed, it was a double bladed sword, the blade made of a black metal of unknown origin. The hilt was black also with a silver serpent wrapped around it with red jeweled eyes. She wore black gloves, and a black cloak that concealed her face when the hood was up. Though the one thing that revealed her Elvish origins were her tell tale pointed ears. She did all that she could to keep from looking like them, but still others could tell. Adriél wanted nothing to do with her treacherous brethren, except to eliminate them, to purge Middle Earth of their kind. She wasn't a cold blooded killer not really she had her reasons behind her rage. Just a century ago Adriél had befriended an unpopular wizard, Sergon the Black. Yes a black wizard, which is why he was unpopular he was suspected of using dark powers, but Adriél had been intrigued. Sergon began teaching her to use magic, teaching her wizards weren't the only one who could tap into that power. For a while she did this in secret, Sergon found she had an affinity for it. He'd wondered if her Elven bloodline was pure, he thought she might have some wizard in her blood but he never proved it. One day he'd given her an amulet, one with the ability to collect power from other sources like say wizards (In actuality all races had some magical power, but most lacked the ability to use it), but the catch was, the target had to be dead or near death for it to work, and eventually she'd have enough power in that amulet to control the five elements, Earth, fire, wind, water and lightening. He seemed worried for some reason but when she questioned him about it he didn't respond he just told her to use the amulet wisely. That same day his home was stormed by many different people, humans, They burnt it to the ground, and hung him...for some reason unknown to Adriél he didn't once attempt to fight them with magic. Through tears she watched him hang, and he mouthed for her to take his power for herself, she did after much hesitation. The act was seen by other elves from her home in Mirkwood who'd come to see what the commotion was about. She was brought before the king immediately and put through what can only be described as a trail, where they asked her several questions about where she got the amulet and how she knew how to use it, how she learned that magic. She answered them all honestly. Finally the decision was made to ban her from Mirkwood for abuse of power...and as word spread from Mirkwood to Lothlórien to Rivendell they too took up the decision and she was banned from all Elven civilization. For a period of time she hid in lands untraveled by most far in the eastern realm of Middle earth past the dark lands of Mordor, then she took to living among men, at one point she lived in Rohan, then in Gondor, she never stayed in the same place. The anger within her grew, until one day it burst out leaving four Elven bodies in the Nimrodel River, the heads washed ashore later. No one attributed that to her at the time because it had been a century ago no one really remembered. It wasn't until more recently, When she killed more elves from Lórien, that her name even came up. Even then it only came up because Radagast the Brown said an Eagle had seen her do it, and her next direction could be Rivendell. When Elrond heard the news he called a council which consisted of many. There were faces that you may consider familiar, Aragorn son of Arathorn, Legolas Greenleaf, Gandalf the Grey, and Haldir of Lórien. Those who maybe unfamiliar to you are Cienél a Wood Elf from Lórien who came to accompany Haldir, He dressed in gray as with most Elves, his long pale hair was tied back and his green eyes were darting from person to person as if expecting one of them to try something...anything. Then there was Zoríen also a Wood Elf from Lórien, but he was different then most, a hunter. He dressed all in black with leather armor. His blonde hair cut just below his shoulders hung in his face, his bright blue eyes seemed impassive. At his waist he had a sword, concealed in his boot a knife, and on his back an Elven bow and a Quiver of arrows, which now lay beside his chair. Séraméla was another odd looking character she was half wizard half elf. Her skin was dark like caramel but her hair was long and white and fell to her waist. Her eyes were a light blue nearly white. She wore a long white strapless dress with slits in each side, and at the time was bare footed. Her nails were white too, and laying at her feet was a staff made from the Ivory of a Mûmak's tusk, and at the top encase in a tear drop shaped cage of ivory was a crystal clear orb. Séraméla was the one who'd brought the whole situation to Elrond's attention. She happened to be friends with Radagast the Brown and he entrusted her with that information, hoping she would do something about it. There were other elves too, three guards from Lórien that were on duty the night she came and two guards from Mirkwood who accompanied Legolas. When Elrond arrived, the five guards, Legolas, Haldir, and Cienél were having an in depth conversation. Aragorn and Gandalf were talking lightly about one thing or another and Zoríen and Séraméla remained silent. "Gentlemen," Elrond said upon entering, then as his eyes passed over the group they stopped on Séraméla and he quickly corrected himself, "And Lady..." "You all know why we are gathered here, to discuss the recent event that I can't call anything less than a massacre, six Elven guards were murdered, but even earlier and some of you may not know this, four other Elves were killed, their bodies discarded in the Nimrodel river, all from Lórien..." Elrond spoke switching to the Elven tongue for the benefit of those like Cienél who didn't speak the common language. "But its gets worse, it is thought that this is the work of one of our own, an Elven Woman from Mirkwood," Elrond then gestured to Séraméla, "This woman brought all of this to my attention, Séraméla please continue from here, tell us your tale..." At first the woman seemed a bit reluctant to stand, as she scanned her eyes over the group of men, she felt a bit out of place. She flashed an uncertain smile at Elrond who returned it with a reassuring smile and she stood. "A few days ago I spoke to a friend of mind Radagast the Brown, I do so often I enjoy his company and that of his bird friends, this time though he seemed a bit Anxious, he'd asked me if I had ever hear of Adriél the Banished, I had, only a small bit though...only what King Thranduil was willing to share when I questioned him about her, I was basically told that she was an Elven woman who was banished for the abuse of powers not meant for her. I could tell he was holding back a little for good reason too I supposed, Radagast told me that the power she 'Abused' was the power of a Wizard named Sergon the Black, Mind you just because he is a black Wizard does not mean he is evil but that is a common misconception, but in truth the power that most Wizards learn to harness, is neutral, yes there is some power that can corrupt, but mainly it is what you use the power for that determines whether or not you are good or evil, Sergon the Black had the ability to harness dark Magic, and apparently Adriél had a fascination for the wizard's power...actually for any wizard's power, Radagast told me that she had visited him a few times, and for those of you who do not know he is master of shape and changes of hue, there are some reptiles who change hues to blend into there environment and that was one thing Radagast taught her that he now regrets, he taught her how to blend in with the night, or the shadows, but that is nothing compared to what Sergon entrusted her with, he taught her ancient spells, long forgotten by most, and he gave her an amulet...it absorbs magical energy from a dead or nearly dead person, usually from Wizards, though when she has gathered enough power, she will be able to use the elements against us...now, it is said that she has partially mastered the element fire, so the amulet is red...at first it had only been a clear orb with an eagle's claw clutching it...and once all elements are gathered it will turn clear once more, but will glow with the color of the element she uses. But how she got that much power I fine disturbing, Sergon the Black was mobbed by a large group of men, he did not use his power because he did not want to hurt anyone, but they thought he was evil...When Adriél came to visit him she found him hanging from a tree near his house, not dead yet but close, and as Radagast told me Sergon insisted that she take his power...Some elves from Mirkwood came to see what the commotion was outside their town, and they came upon the seen of her taking his power...at first they had thought she had hung him, but of course they quickly accepted the mob explanation because it was hard to believe that she had forced a wizard into a noose, especially her friend. They soon decided her crime was stealing power that did not belong to her, and then she began to explain that she did not steal it that Sergon had told her to