Chapter I She was born in 1976 deep inside the Amazonian rain forest as the only child of a conservative pure blood family, her name was wide known in the greatest sorcery circles with his dad being one of the most powerful wizards in this side of the world. She came to this world on a stormy night of December and the elders prognosticate she'll be the most powerful witch of their lineage, with that said, her father placed charms to protect the house and build a big labyrinth of trees and plants guarded by giant lizards so no one would dare to find her. She started producing magic on her own as toddler by changing the color of the lizards and making flowers grow out of the soil at every baby step she took. At 5 she learned to communicate with the animals that roamed the forest, such as reptiles and mammals, she befriended iguanas and wild dogs, and started having "tea parties" with them at the yard. "Hello..." A tall man spoke behind pitch dark sunglasses, the little girl at his feet frowned and ignored him while she hold a baby iguana in her tiny hands "I'm Joao, I love iguanas too... They're beautiful." She kept her eyes fixed on the iguana's without saying a word." I know a place full of big lizards, would you like to come and see for yourself?" She hesitated and took a last glance of her mom and dad dead bodies lying on the floor of their ballroom, one on top of the other, eyes fixed on eternity. "Okay" she murmured most to herself than anything. "Good girl" Urania woke up covered in sweat and heavy breathing, this dream would haunt her every night without fault. She looked at the clock on the table "2:30", she closed her eyes trying to get back to sleep but found it impossible since she kept seeing the comatose expression of her parents. She needed to be at king's cross at 10:30 so she went again through the list of books and stuff she needed for her stay at Hogwarts. Through the window the moonlight bathed the small room of her hotel in a silver pool of radiance. She poured some coffee while enjoying the night atmosphere London offered. The prophet at the table showed a picture of a sinister looking man "Sirius Black…" she read out loud, this dangerous man escaped Azkaban and was out there looking for his dark lord. With her right hand opened on top of his image she began scanning the picture to obtain information, she felt anger and desperation but nothing dark enough to think of him as a cruel criminal. Her hand let a lingering mark floating on top of the picture when she retreated it and resumed drinking her coffee. She had read everything she needed to know about the war against Voldemort and how a small child had ended it, she felt a connection with him and was eager for a meeting. * She searched every compartment hoping to find this Mr. Lupin that was supposed to wait for her at King's Cross. Urania attracted far too much attention from the black dressed students who stopped in their tracks and popped their heads to look at her at the train hall. She was wearing her favorite muggle band t-shirt, black jeans and a pair of converse. "Who are you?" A pretentious looking boy snapped at her. She eyed him warily. "I'm looking for professor Lupin." He placed his hands on his hips "There's no professor Lupin here, so I suggest you turn back to the muggle hole you came out." She took her wand out and pointed it to his chest, two large boys came to the hall to stand behind him. "Careful who you threaten..."said the platinum haired boy trying to sound sure of himself but his aura told a different story. She pushed the wand more forcefully "step aside at once." He blinked surprised at her. "Don't you know who my father is?" "Step aside or I'll let you know who I AM" Crabbe and Goyle stood protectively in front of the smaller boy and she hexed both of them sending them back to their compartment. The boys struggled to get up while she resumed her search. She found him at the last compartment, sleeping peacefully. "How can someone be so irresponsible...?" Urania sat quietly trying not to disturb him, she looked at his appearance and can't help to think he looked sick. Through the window the mountains filled the landscape and big fluffy clouds started gathering here and there covering the sun, the sky was painted in vibrant blue but the air inside the cabin was getting colder and colder. "Looks like a storm it's coming this way." She commented while the train began its march. Professor Lupin slept with a peaceful expression on his face, there were small scars all across of it and she wondered what kind of life he had before becoming a professor, maybe a renowned auror. The door opened suddenly and two boys and a girl popped their heads. "Mmm... Sorry but this is the only place left... Can we come inside?" She could read a mixture of regret and disappointment in the boy's face. "It's alright I was going to change myself into something more scholar, I'll be back in a few." With that she left them alone while she changed her clothes in the restroom. Bright green robes and brown knee length dragon boots was essential part of Castelo Bruxo outfit. She made her hair twist in the air until it was tied in a braid, non spoken magic at its best. And finally The Castelo Bruxo insignia on top of her breast and a smile on her face. When she got back to the compartment the boys awkwardly shushed each other and she went to sit in front of them next to Lupin. She cleared her throat and extended her hand. "I'm Urania, an exchange student from Castelo Bruxo." They all shook hands and Hermione was hyperventilating "I'm Hermione Granger and this is Ron Weasley and Harry Potter... I've read about your school and all the animals that live there, especially caiporas, it's all in Fantastic Beasts and where to find them." The girl sure spoke a thousand per minute, her frizzy hair framed her little face perfectly and she saw her magical aura glowing around strongly. "You should come too as an exchange student, we welcome students from all over the world all year." Hermione's eyes gleamed with excitement and then disappointment "I can't leave this two, they'd start putting their life's at risk" They both shared a laugh while Ron looked annoyed. "So is this really a professor?" Ron was trying to poke Remus shoulder with his wand when the old lady came by to offer them some food. "My mom made some sandwiches... Do you want some? Rania?" She chuckled and accepted the small gift "now that I remembered..." He continued "my brother had a friend from your school, they used to owl each other until one day Bill said we couldn't afford an exchange trip there... He send bill something nasty in the mail." He made a grimace and continued eating his sandwich. "Well I'm sorry about that..." she bite into her sandwich while smiling at the redheaded "You look worried... Harry isn't it?" The boy looked at her through his glasses and then locked his eyes to his shoes. His magical aura looked dirtied by something dark but at the same time clear like the purest green. While the redhead aura glowed with less intensity than the others. "You three are far too young to be worrying, leave that to us adults." "You're a student too." Said Harry "how old are you?" She gasped and covered her face "never EVER ask a girl her age! Don't you know any better?" And the boy flushed for a brief second while looking at his feet. "I'm just kidding I'm 16... Geez don't take everything literal." A thunder roared in the sky and they all shuddered. "How can he sleep like that?" Hermione punched Ron while he tried to poke at the man again. Then it all went dark, the only light coming from the thunders outside, illuminating briefly their worried faces. The glass froze and she felt a chill ran down her spine, multiple voices filled the small cabin, then feet and hands all over her. "Ouch! Careful boy... Or girl!" A sonorous male voice order them to be quiet and she kept trying to elbow whoever had landed on her ribs. A small fire formed inside of his hand illuminating the space around them, what they saw next paralyzed everyone. A tall figure stood in front of them dressed in a ragged black cape, it loomed over Harry who froze in the spot, she felt the need to cry and her throat dried while she searched for her wand. "Sirius black is not here! Leave!" but it didn't move and the same sonorous voice pronounced a spell and the light that came out of the tip of his wand made the horrendous creature flee in terror. Harry fainted, Hermione looked petrified, Ron was the first to run by his friend side and two other students looked about to cry. The lights came back to everyone's relief and Lupin took out something from his pocket. "Eat this... You'll need it" he gave a small piece of chocolate to each one of them and left to talk to the machinist. "What was that thing?" Urania spoke finally. "No idea..." Ron was perplexed. "Are you girls hurt?" They all look at each other dumbfounded "You were the one who fainted boy." Urania said while she ate her piece of chocolate, the warmth she felt was instant. "But one of you was yelling and crying... It sounded like you were desperate." Hermione knitted her eyebrows "none of us was crying or making any sound Harry... This thing came and you... You fainted." "A dementor..." Said Lupin who had just come back from the front part of the train "they feed on happiness... The most horrendous creatures you can encounter." His small audience was patiently waiting for him to continue. "Eat it... It's not poisoned" Cautiously they started giving small bites to it. "Professor... Why was a dementor here? Oh and I'm Urania Rivadeneira from Castelo Bruxo, pleased to meet you" he shook her hand while examining her clothes. "Pleasure..." Then it hit him "Oh oh... I'm awfully sorry! I was supposed to pick you up at King's Cross my lady..." She shushed him assuring him it was all fine while Ron silently made fun of Remus manners my lady he muttered. "They're desperately looking for Black… but this is the last place where they'll find him" Harry visibly trembled when he heard the name. Urania took his hand reassuringly. "It's alright Harry, dementors can be scary but they're certainly are beatable." Harry straightened himself and forced an "I'm fine" and took his hand away. * Thousands of flying candles stood up in the ceiling while lightings stroke the fake sky on top of their heads. Cheerful students were talking about the train incident while a long line of others waited patiently in front of an old hat. Urania looked overwhelmed sitting at the teachers table next to Remus who insisted on being her chaperon to repay for his past actions. She caught a glance of silver at one of the tables and saw the malicious boy she argued with, looking at her intently. She sent a smile at his direction and then flashed a casual middle finger. The first year students were being sorted with the aid of the hat and every table cheered the respective new members, it was an exciting moment. "Professor Lupin where's Harry?" The man eyed the Gryffindor table "Probably at the