"It's delightful when your imaginations come true, isn't it?" -Anne of Green Gables Steam and a cacophony of babbling voices surrounded Rose Weasley as she tightened her grip on her father's sleeve. Platform nine and three-quarters bustled around her as she followed her parents towards the large scarlet steam engine with the words Hogwarts Express painted on the sides. "Are they here?" she whispered, swiveling her head around to try and make out Aunt Ginny's long red hair or Uncle Harry's tall frame amidst the crowd of people gathered on the platform. "Dad, I thought you said they were going to meet us here?" "They'll get here, Rosie, don't worry," Ron Weasley reassured his daughter, wiggling his sleeve from her grasp and taking her hand, which he squeezed affectionately. "We got here a bit early. Your mum was worried we'd be late." "We might've been, knowing your driving," Rose's mother Hermione retorted indignantly, turning around to scowl. The small brown-haired boy standing next to her cracked a smile, his eyes roving between his parents. "My driving was fine," Rose's dad said loftily, jutting his chin out. His wife rolled her eyes and turned back to their son. Ron glanced down at his daughter and winked at her. Rose giggled. "I think you're a good driver, Daddy," she said, laughing harder when her dad took a mock bow. "Thank you, Rosie," he said. "I always knew you were the most sensible one in the family." "Oh, Ron, there they are!" Rose's mother cried, trotting towards another family who had just emerged from the barrier. Rose let go of her dad's arm as soon as she saw her cousin Albus walking towards her with his parents and siblings. His face was drawn just as hers must have been a moment ago; he looked as though he was going to be sick. He wore muggle clothing and Rose looked down at her new robes, wondering in embarrassment if she ought to have waited until she was on the train to change. "Hello," Aunt Ginny chirped, moving around the trolley piled with trunks and an owl cage in order to hug Rose's mum and dad. "Parked all right then?" Ron asked Uncle Harry. "I did. Hermione didn't believe I could pass a muggle driving test, did you? She thought I'd have to Confund the examiner." "I did not!" Rose's mum exclaimed indignantly. "I had complete faith in you." While the adults chattered on about muggle driving, Albus turned to Rose, his pale face drawn. "Are you ready?" he asked quietly, his eyebrows knitting together. "I think so," Rose answered, taking his hand. She and Al had been planning for the day they would go to Hogwarts together ever since she could remember. Now that the day had come, it seemed, they were both scared out of their minds. "James was telling me all these stories on the drive over—" Albus began, a tell-tale crease appearing in his forehead. "Your dad said not to listen to him," Rose interjected quickly. "Remember, after he told me they keep snakes in the girls bathrooms? Your dad said not to believe anything James says about Hogwarts." "I don't know—" Albus trailed off as they noticed their families meandering down the platform, over to where Hugo, Rose's brother and Lily, Albus' younger sister, stood, talking animatedly. "I don't know what house I want to be in!" Hugo cried, his eyes wide as he watched his parents approach. "I didn't know you had to decide!" "If you're not in Gryffindor, we'll disinherit you," Rose's dad said, "but no pressure." "Ron!" her mum hissed, smacking him in the arm. Lily and Hugo laughed, but Rose's stomach dropped. Glancing at Albus, she knew he felt the same way. "He doesn't mean it," Rose's mum reassured the two incoming first years, placing a hand on their shoulders and giving them a smile. "Really, wherever you're sorted is okay with us." Rose nodded and looked towards her dad in hopes of receiving a confirmation of this sentiment, but he was no longer paying attention to her and Albus. His gaze, and now Uncle Harry's, was fixed on a small family standing nearby, obscured slightly by the steam. "So that's little Scorpius," Rose heard her father mutter under his breath, giving Uncle Harry a pointed look before turning to her. "Make sure you beat him at every test, Rosie. Thank god you inherited your mother's brains." Rose craned her neck and tried to peer around her dad to catch a better look at the boy she was supposed to beat. The steam had thickened, though, and the family was now too fuzzy to make out properly. "Ron, for heaven's sake!" Rose heard her mother admonish. "Don't try to turn them against each other before they've even started school!" "You're right, sorry," Ron murmured, catching Rose's eye and giving her a sharp look. "But don't get too friendly with him though, Rosie. Granddad Weasley would never forgive you if you married a pureblood." Rose opened her mouth to tell her father she hadn't even gotten a proper look at the boy, so she couldn't possibly be wanting to marry him, when a shout diverted everyone. "Hey!" James, Albus' older brother, was running towards them, grinning eagerly. James started babbling as soon as he joined the group, but Rose turned and walked a few steps so she was next to her mother. "Mum?" she whispered, glancing around. Everyone else appeared distracted by James' news. "Yes, dear?" Hermione Weasley bent down slightly so she was eye level with her daughter. "Will Dad really disinherit me if I'm not in Gryffindor?" Rose asked, trying to keep the nervous tremble out of her voice. Her mother's lips quirked up but she didn't laugh as she straightened and pulled Rose into her chest. "No, sweetheart, he won't disinherit you," she said quietly. "He's just joking. You know he has a terrible sense of humor sometimes." Rose mustered a half-hearted chuckle and tilted her head so she could see her mum's face. Standing all of five foot two, Rose's eyes were level with her mother's chin. "I'm going to miss you," she said. Hermione smiled, her eyes misty as she hugged Rose again and patted her hair. "I'm going to miss you too, Rosie," she said softly, kissing Rose's wild red curls. "It's so strange to think you're old enough to be going to Hogwarts when just yesterday you were sitting on my lap learning to read." Rose squeezed her mother tightly for another moment and then let go, feeling significantly lighter. She felt small arms wrap around her waist and turned to find her nine-year-old brother Hugo hugging her, his face pressed awkwardly into her hair. She turned and put her arms around his neck; he was almost taller than her even though she was two years older. His brown hair stuck straight up in the back and tickled her face as he leaned forward. "Bye, Rosie," Hugo said. "Have fun at Hogwarts." "Bye, Hugh," Rose murmured. "I'll write you a letter as soon as I get there." "Will you tell me about the ghosts?" Hugo asked, releasing her and turning his brown eyes towards her excitedly. "Dad told me there's one there who can take his head off!" "Yes," Rose laughed. "I promise I'll tell you about the ghosts." "And the forest?" Hugo continued, bobbing excitedly as he began to name off aspects of Hogwarts their parents had mentioned over the years. "And all the animals Hagrid keeps? And the staircases that move? And the annoying paintings?" "Yes, yes, I'll tell you about all of it," Rose assured him, squeezing his arm. Her father had joined them now and smiled down at her a bit wistfully. When Hugo was satisfied that his sister would fulfill her promise to tell him everything about Hogwarts he stepped back towards his mother and Ron Weasley bent down to give his daughter a hug. "Bye, Rosie," Ron said quietly. "I'll miss you." "I'll miss you too, Daddy," she whispered back. "Remember not to annoy Peeves," her dad muttered, "and be careful around boys, and don't do anything that will get you expelled. If you need anything, you write your mum and me, or else find Fred and he'll help you." "Okay," Rose said, squeezing him tighter. She didn't want to let go. She wanted to stay right there on the platform with her mum and dad and brother. "And remember your mum and I love you," Ron said. "I love you too." "Right, and you're going to have a great year." "Okay." Her dad let go of her and Rose stepped back, turning to Aunt Ginny, who hugged her and whispered a quick, "good luck!" Rose then turned to Uncle Harry, her favorite man in the family right after her dad and cousin Fred. "Goodbye, Rosie Posie," Uncle Harry said, giving her a big hug. He bent down and said right in her ear, "keep an eye on Al for us, love, he might need it." Rose giggled and nodded her head. She glanced towards Al, who was staring at the train with a look of apprehension. Uncle Harry squeezed her shoulder once more and moved towards his son, bending down and speaking quietly to him. "Well, dear, you'd better get on," Rose's mother murmured, taking hold of one end of the heavy trunk labeled R.W. and hoisting it into the carriage. Rose scurried onto the train. Behind her, she could hear Uncle Harry's voice chime out, "it's nearly eleven." A minute later, Albus clambered onto the train behind her. Aunt Ginny heaved the door shut and they moved to a window, leaning out so they could see their families. Rose's mother was crying freely now, fat teardrops rolling down her cheeks. Hugo had coaxed Ron into giving him a piggy back ride and waved enthusiastically from his perch. Out of the corner of her eye Rose caught a flash of blue and she turned to see Teddy Lupin standing on the platform, stretching up tall and kissing her cousin Victoire, who was leaning over the side of the train. Rose could feel Albus shifting beside her and she craned her neck in different directions to catch a glimpse of all the students scrambling to board the train. A fair number of eyes had gravitated towards Albus' dad and Rose felt her face heat up as the stares wandered over to her family and eventually to her and Albus. "Why are they all staring?" Albus muttered beside her, casting dark looks around the platform. "Don't let it bother you," Rose's dad said, smiling brightly and pretending to pose for an invisible camera. "It's me, I'm extremely famous." They all laughed and Rose felt another pang of affection for her father as the train began to slowly roll away. She had the urge to jump through the window and beg her parents to take her back home with them, but then she caught sight of Uncle Harry walking along beside them, his eyes trained on her and Albus and a reassuring smile on his face. He stayed beside them until the train picked up enough speed he could no longer keep up and then he waved until they rounded a corner and he was out of sight. Rose and Albus withdrew from the window and looked at each other expectantly. "I suppose we should find Lucy, then," Al said, his eyes ferreting around nervously as though expecting their cousin, who was also a first year, to magically appear beside them. "She said yesterday she would probably be near the front of the train, since Uncle Percy was stationed there to make sure all the broomsticks met regulation," Rose answered, holding up the hem of her school robes and starting along down the corridor. Albus fell into step beside her quickly. They had gone about halfway down the corridor when they caught sight of Lucy, her