A.N.: I am back if only momentarily. As usual when I find myself back here, I always seem to stumble upon these two. I absolutely love Eomer and Lothiriel, even if Lothi was never actually written into LOTR, I find her character as familiar in my mind as any of the others who do appear there. I hope this does justice to what I imagine of her. This is a one shot because that is basically all I write these days, but I was rereading some of Lialathuveril and Lady Bluejay's stories about this couple and their absolutely fantastic writing (some of the best I have ever read, period.) inspired me to write this. Hope you like it. Drop a comment if you feel so inclined. At First Sight The sun had long dropped from the sky and the stars had come out to greet the guests who crowded in the hall of Meduseld. There were Kings and Queens, Princes and Pricesses, and various soldiers and armed guards all about, mingling in happy companionship with the men and women of the Rohirrim. It had been just yesterday that their King had been buried in the newest mound outside the gates of Edoras and everyone seemed eager to celebrate his memory and the start of peace earned upon the field of battle. One such soldier was hanging back toward the dais with hands resting on his hips where his sword belt should have been. He felt naked without it. Though the loss of the weight of it, as well as that of his armor, should have made him feel lighter, he felt anything but. He was smiling politely to those who walked past him acknowledging them as they did him, but his mind was full of all the tomorrows to come. The Rohirrim around him seemed happy and he wanted them to be, with all his heart, for the rest of his days, but he had no idea how to make that happen. He was just about to raise his goblet to his lips when a tall, fair man with jet black hair to his shoulders approached him. "Eomer! There you are! Why are you hiding back here?" The man asked with a breathlessness that told him the man had been dancing. Eomer had seen the dancing break out in the center of the hall, but with little experience of such things and feeling completely out of spirits and unworthy of the company of a beautiful young lady decided to hang back. "I decided the excitement was too much for me, my friend. I sought refreshment and peace and quiet." "Well you are unlikely to get it now that I am here," the young man pronounced with a laugh. Amrothos, the youngest son of Prince Imrahil, had a character well known to Eomer as they had marched to battle side by side on more than one occasion. His pronouncement was not far from the truth and before Eomer had a chance to excuse himself, Amrothos launched into a lengthy monologue about the attributes of his last dance partner and the other beauties he was promised to dance with at various intervals during the evening. "I've never seen so many beautiful ladies in all my life," he pronounced with a suggestive shove to Eomer, "This would undoubtedly be a good time to find yourself a wife." Eomer simply scowled and crossed his arms; he wouldn't give into Amrothos' teasing with a snarky remark of his own. Instead his eyes strayed back to the dance floor where his eyes followed the movements as if they were in slow motion. The colors of the dresses of the women and the tunics of the men swirled into one mass of greens and reds and other ruddy earth colors. It reminded him of the plains of Rohan waving in the breeze. He was momentarily transfixed as Amrothos continued talking at his side, but just as he began to lose interest in the swirls on the dance floor a bright blue, like the sea he had heard of but never seen, crossed his vision. It swirled along with the other colors of the dance, but with a fluidity that belied the sea it emulated. It was like watching a great tidal wave cover the land like the stories he had heard of Numenor in his lessons when he was a kid. He tried to pull the splashes of blue into one solid form, but found it difficult amongst the tightly dancing couples. He heard like through a fog the voice of Amrothos asking if he was well and then it happened. He saw it. Or more accurately, he saw her. A beautiful young lady, clothed in blue with hair like the blackest night and eyes that sparkled grey with laughter as her partner swirled her in a circle. Her smile stole something from deep inside of him, but he could not name it. He felt his own mouth raise in a smile. "Who is she?" he heard himself ask as if to himself in a whisper. "Who do you mean?" he heard Amrothos utter from close beside him. He must have seen the source of the inquiry for he laughed softly and turned to the unseeing Eomer. "That is Lothiriel, my dear baby sister!" He seemed astonished at the question, but Eomer didn't care about Amrothos, he was transfixed by two glowing orbs of grey. The young lady was giggling now and laughing heartily in turns, clearly enjoying her dance. "Oh dear Lothi," Amrothos continued, "A girl after my own heart. Wild and crazy and as free as the sea. I once saw her jump from the highest cliff in Dol Amroth into the roaring sea below simply because her maid told her 'gently brought up ladies do no such thing'. The look on my father's face was priceless when we brought her in the house dripping wet in her morning dress." Amrothos was laughing now quite lost in his thoughts, but Eomer was no better. He was thinking of the great joy awaiting him, if he could only find a reason to draw closer to her. As he discovered over the course of the night, that very thing was more difficult than it might at first appear. Shortly after leaving Amrothos he had gone to seek her out for a dance, but as soon as he approached, another man stepped up to claim her for the next dance. It was the same situation as they sat down to dinner. He had gone to take her arm to escort her to a seat close to him, but her father had interceded before him. Instead he had taken his sister's arm who was none too happy with him for stealing that pleasure from Faramir. Despite being unable to be near her, he certainly stared at her plenty, thinking of what Amrothos had said. Wild. He liked the idea of that. As he watched her at the dinner table, he could see that spark of fire in her eyes. He was conveniently sat beside Erchirion, her middle brother. Erchirion was a polite, quiet sort of man, with a power and wisdom in his silence. He sat eating his dinner without raising his eyes to share in the conversation around the room, but Eomer could see by the subtle twitches of his cheek, the slight raise of an eyebrow, and the near soft chuckle that Erchirion was paying rapt attention to the goings on of the dinner table. "I hear," Eomer began breaking Erchirion of his diverted attention by addressing him directly, "that the food on our table came largely from Dol Amroth lauders. So it is you I have to thank for such fine fare, then?" Erchirion raised his head elegantly as only his proud regal meen could allow. "As you well know my friend, I am neither a celebrated cook or a very good housekeeper, so praise would be wasted on me. If anyone is to benefit from such praise, it should be my sister, for she has been managing our household since our mother passed." Eomer's eyebrows raised and his eye was drawn down the table to the same face he couldn't keep his eyes off all evening. She was smiling again with a beautiful blush to her pale white cheeks and talking to one of his rangers who sat across the table from her. He hadn't been this envious of a fellow rider of the Rohirrim since he was a lad and had just joined his first Eored. "She is always thinking of others and their needs before her own,"Erchirion said with obvious pride in his voice. His eye had followed Eomer's down the table toward his sister and a certain whimsical, far off look had crossed his face as he spoke. "During the war, she took in refugees from the farming communities and gave them shelter in our home. She fed them, clothed them, entertained them to keep their minds from dark thoughts and when I asked her why she did this, she simply said, 'I did what any person would have done'. You know, I think it was Mithrandir who once said, 'Hope wins wars, not feats of arms'. My sister proved it." Erchirion was smiling now, with so much affection in his eyes as he looked at his sister. Eomer felt the wisdom of her words, but more than that he felt the heart of the person who said it. He couldn't help the images that came to his mind of the young woman holding a small child with sandy colored hair in her arms and cooing over him. He had to close his eyes to shake the image and allow himself to breath once more. When his eyes opened Erchirion was staring at him with curiosity, but that soon turned to understanding as he saw Eomer look down the table again. Eomer realized with one look that Erchirion saw his interest in his sister, even if Erchirion's next words weren't obvious. "She would make any man a very worthy and affectionate wife." Eomer, in his embarrassment, turned back to his food and began scarfing it down, trying not to look about the table anymore. By the time the dinner table was cleared and tankards of ale began to wheel out on either side of the hall, the Rohirrim around the room were back in spirits and talking in lively turns as their voices filled the space. The visitors were less lively and many of the Gondorians drank only a little before they retired. Eomer, for his part, drank sparesly to keep an eye on the hall and make sure no trouble arose, as it almost always did when ale was involved. He instead took the time to have some conversations with Aragorn and a few of the elves. Gimli and Legolas were talking of their battle prowess and drinking too much in one corner and at one point Gimli asked him to break up an argument about whether they should go to Fangorn or Helm's Deep first on their journey they had planned to go on. Eomer had already given permission for them to journey to both locations, but on which held more wonder for the pair, he was at a loss and after much proding, the elf and dwarf promptly gave up on getting anything out of Eomer. Finally, Eomer found himself standing beside the last person he expected to see. Elphir, the eldest of the Dol Amrothian Prince's sons had moved up beside him with purpose. He was the perfect example of what a ruler should be: strong, stern, responsible and leaderly. His face was set in stone as he addressed Eomer in the traditional fashion a Prince might address a King. "My Lord, I wondered if we might broach the subject of greater trade and commerce between our two realms. It has been my wish to have greater ties