Summary: Meet Midnight Lune Potter, Prongs' (Or James Charles Potter's) twin sister. She usually goes by Lune. She didn't go to Hogwarts like James did but this time she will. She will be going into her fifth year of Hogwarts with her brother but James doesn't know this until she founds him bullying a student. Also, she is in the same house as James. Shipping: Sirius Black/OC Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters but Midnight Lune. Chapter One Midnight Lune Potter walked down the grounds of Hogwarts looking for her twin brother, James Charles Potter, when she saw him and three other lads bullying a guy with greasy hair and hook nose. She frowned and walked up to them and cross her arms over her chest and said, "Really, Jimmy? You have to bully this young lad?" James' eyes widen and turn around. His lads turn around, too. "Lune, what are you doing here?" "Well, brother. I am coming to Hogwarts now. Papa thought it was a good idea now," Midnight said with a smirk on her face. Midnight's family calls her by her middle name because she likes it better than her first name. "Brother?" Midnight looked at the lads by James and said, "Yes. I am James' twin sister. Lune Potter. I went to another school until papa said it was a good idea for me to go to Hogwarts now." She walked pass James and the lads and walked up to the guy on that was on the ground staring at her with wide eyes. He thought James' sister was going to hurt him, too. She held her hand down to him and asked, "Are you okay, lad? I am sorry about Jimmy." He looked at her hand and back to her face before he grabbed her hand and she helped him up. The guy looked behind Midnight and saw that James was glaring angrily at him. He looked back at her. "T-thanks." She smiled at him and his heart skip a beat. "You're welcome, lad" she said still with a smile on her face until she turn around with anger in her eyes when she looked at James. James' eyes widen in fear and he stepped back in fear. Midnight point her finger to James and said angrily, "James Charles Potter! How dare you?! Bullying this lad! He did nothing to you!" James knew he had to say something because his lads were there with them but James also knew that he shouldn't say something to Midnight when she is angry. James took a deep breath and said, "Lune..." "Don't 'Lune' me, James Charles! You will leave this lad alone or else!" James took a step back again and James' lads notice this. "Lune. My name is Sirius Black. You do not need to yell at your brother. We are just showing Snape what happens when he is by Lily Evans." Midnight looked back at the guy behind her and asked, "What is your name? Are you friends with this Lily Evans?" "Severus Snape. Yes." She nodded her head and looked back at Sirius and said, "Well, Black, Severus is friend with Lily Evans. There is nothing wrong with that. You, my bloody git brother, and your lads will leave Severus alone or I will make you four leave him alone!" "Lune." Midnight looked at James and said, "Yes." "What house are you in?" "Gryffindor." "Well, Gryffindors do not help Slytherins because they hate each other" he said with a soft voice. "I do not care, Jimmy. Severus does not deserve what you and your lads gives him" Midnight said angrily before she grabbed Severus' hand and walked away from her brother and his lads. When they were away from James and his lads, Midnight let Severus' hand go and looked at Severus and smiled at him. Again, his heart skip a beat. "You didn't have to do that,..." "Lune Potter." "Lune?" "Moon in French. Lune is my middle name. I will allow you to call me by my first name if you want, Severus" she said with a smile on her face. "W-what is your first name?" "Midnight. I do not understand why my mama and papa called me that" she said leaning on the wall looking at Severus in the eyes. "If you want me to. I do not want to call you 'Midnight' if you don't want me to" he said rubbing the back of his neck. She giggled at him and said, "I don't care if you call me 'Midnight.' Just don't tell Jimmy this because I don't allow him call me 'Midnight.'" He smiled and said, "Okay. I will call you 'Midnight.'" She giggled again before she kissed his cheek and skipped away from him. He just stood there staring at her frozen. Chapter Two The next day, Midnight walked down the stairs to the common room when a ginger hair girl walked up to her. "Are you Lune Potter, Potter's twin sister?" "Yes. Why do you ask?" "Because everyone in the school has been talking about Potter's twin sister defending Severus. Everyone was wondering why Potter never told people that he has a sister and why you protect Severus" the girl said. Midnight shrugged her shoulders and said, "I don't care what people think of me because I helped Severus out. Severus doesn't deserve what my brother does to him. All my brother's life, he was a bully. Papa said that Jimmy would grow out of it but I see he didn't." The girl smiled and held her hand out and said, "Nice to meet you and thank you for protecting Severus. My name is Lily Evans." Midnight smiled and asked, "Would you be so kindly show me where the Great Hall is?" Lily smiled and said, "Of course." +SB+ Severus sitting at the Slytherin table thinking of Midnight. Wondering how Midnight could be Potter's twin sister. She is nothing like him. He wants to know her more. He don't know why he wants to know more about Midnight Potter. Twin sister of his enemy. Then he saw her with her black golden wavy hair with her hazel blue eyes walking with Lily Evans. Something changed in his heart. His heart doesn't skip a beat when he looks at Lily but his heart skips a beat when he looks at Midnight. He watched as she walks with Lily to the Gryffindor table. When Midnight and Lily walked pass Potter and his lads, Severus looked at Potter and saw that Potter was glaring angrily at him. Severus just smirked at him before he started to eat his food. +SB+ Sirius Black notice that Snape was staring at Lune (Midnight). "Prongs, Snape is staring at your sister" he told James. James glared angrily at Snape and when Snape looked at him, Snape smirked before he ate his food. James don't know what Snape was planning but he doesn't want Snape have plans with Lune because Lune his (James') sister and he hates Snape. +SB+ After breakfast, Lily was showing Midnight around when Severus walked up to them. "Hello, Lily and Midnight." Lily looked at Midnight confuse and asked, "Why did he called you 'Midnight?'" "My full name is Midnight Lune Potter. I go by my middle name and I told Severus that he can call me 'Midnight' if he wanted. He just shouldn't tell Jimmy this. You can call me 'Midnight' if you want. Just don't tell Jimmy this, Lily" Midnight told Lily. "Okay. When Potter and his lads are around, I will call you 'Lune' and when they are not around, I will call you 'Midnight'" Lily said with a smile on her face. Severus started to walk with them and talk with them. What they didn't know was that James, Sirius, and Remus were following them. James didn't like how close Severus was walking next to Midnight. When they were walking, Midnight grabbed Severus' arm and hugged it and put her head on Severus' shoulder. Lily notice that Severus was blushing but Midnight didn't notice this. "Midnight Lune!" Severus, Lily, and Midnight stopped. Midnight let Severus go and they looked behind them and saw James, Sirius, and Remus. "Midnight? I thought her name was 'Lune'" Sirius said confuse. Midnight cross her arms over her chest and frown at her brother and his lads. "Actually, Black. My name is Midnight but I go by 'Lune'" she said annoyed. "Why do you go by 'Lune?'" Sirius asked. Midnight sighed annoyed and asked annoyed, "Do you idiots have to ask questions about my name? I do not like you lads." Sirius felt pain go through his heart and he don't know why. He just want Midnight to like him. He didn't care that people don't like him but he wants Midnight to like him. He felt his eyes to tear up and he stepped back looking at the wall on his right side. Remus and James saw this. James looked at Midnight and said, "Sis. Please don't us idiots. Why don't you sit with us at lunch and get to know Sirius and Remus. They would like to know about you." Sirius looked at Midnight and was hoping she said yes but what she said hurt him again. Badly this time. "I do not want to know Lupin and Black. I do not want to know people that bullies other people. I do not want know your lads. Sorry, Jimmy. I will stick with Lily and Severus" she said angrily. Sirius just turn around and walked away from them. He don't know why he was feeling like this and he don't like it but he wants Midnight. "Sirius!" He didn't stop. He ran to the Gryffindor tower. When he got to the common room, he ran up to the dorm room. He sat down on his bed and put his head in his hands. "Padfoot? Are you okay?" he heard James asked. He looked up at James and Remus. They gasped in shocked. "What's wrong?" Remus asked sitting down on Sirius' bed. "I don't know. James, what's wrong with me?" he asked crying. "What do you mean, mate?" James asked sitting down on Sirius' bed. "It hurt when Lune doesn't want to know me. I don't know why I am feeling like this, Prongs. I-I..." he couldn't finish what he was saying when he started to cry harder. Sirius got up and went to the bathroom and slammed the door. Remus and James looked at each other. "I think Padfoot is in love with Lune but he doesn't know it yet, Prongs" Remus said. "I think so too, Moony" James said. Chapter Three Midnight was walking with her bag over her shoulder when group of seven year Slytherins walked up to her. There were five of them. They made a circle around Midnight with a smirk on their faces. "What do you want?" Midnight asked. "You are Potter's twin?" "Yes. Now, what do you want?" The leader of the group point his wand to Midnight and said, "We want Potter to pay what he did to us." Before he could curse her, Midnight pull out her wand and curse him first and attack his lads. What she didn't know was that someone else from the Slytherin house was watching her. Their eyes widen when they saw what Midnight did to the five boys. Midnight pick her bag up and walked away from the scene. The person ran to the Slytherins' boys' dorm room before they mirror call their parents and told them about James Potter's twin sister. (Week Later) Midnight was sitting by the Black Lake when a boy, that look like Sirius but younger, walked up to her. "Are you Lune Potter?" "Yes. How can I help you?" "My name is Regulus Black II. Sirius Black's younger brother. Can you help me with something?" he asked her. She stood up and smiled at him and said, "Sure. What do you