Lost and Found: Chapter one AN: This is the continuation of my last story, 'Birthday Present'. If you haven't read that, I guess you can go ahead and read this and understand, but I would really recommend going back to that one first. It has all of the same characters, same rating, everything. SO, if you came for fremione, but haven't read my last story. Go back to that. If you have read it, and just want more, thank you so much. I started a new portion to the story because I felt ending with their leaving for the hunt was appropriate, and that I would be in need of a different title for this part. Hope you all enjoy! She hadn't been thinking when she apparated them here. After being stuck in Grimland palace so long, anywhere outdoors had seemed like a good idea. It was also more likely for them to not be followed, and the first thing she'd thought of in her panic. But it was so painful to look at. Painful enough for her brain not to register Ron's first scream. She turned to look at Harry, who was scanning the empty perimeter, and only then noticed the blood pouring from their friends shirt as he lie on the forest floor. She fell next to him, and immediately began pulling things out of her bag, tearing his shirt away and pouring on half of dittany she'd packed. He continued yelling and his hand gripped her upper thigh, but she took no notice or care. Instead her mind was jumping from how to fix this, and how stupid she'd been to splinch him. She hadn't pictured the clearing, apparition needed a clear image to work properly and she'd had the sight of Fred -standing in the dark, snow at his feet, and a broom by his hips- marring her view. Now her friend was paying for it. She had to walk out. Ron was flicking and unflicked that fucking deluminator and it was messing with her head. There was no way she'd tell him to stop though, with the necklace resting around his throat. He would either begin yelling, grit his teeth and ignore her, or say something purely nasty- and she did not have the head space for any of the three. They had all consecutively decided that after what they had gone through to get ahold of the necklace, they shouldn't risk losing it before they figured out how to destroy it. Which had resulted in the three wearing it in shifts. She hated to say it, because when Ron had it on, his homesickness only came out in anger, and Harry became snappy, but her favorite part of the day was handing it off to one of the boys. The metal chain felt like an anchor attached to her neck. She couldn't focus on a single thing her friends were saying without drifting to the thought of her parents, to the students still at Hogwarts, to Fred. What was normally a slight nagging in the back of her head, was now a constant mountain of fear looming over her. Where day dreams of pumpkin pasties used to fill her time thinking, now was daytime nightmares of death eaters tearing through her unsuspecting parents' home in Australia. Images from her bedtime terrors, that had come after the night of Dumbledore's death, pressed into the back of her eyelids with each blink. Neville lying at her feet shaking from the torture of constant crusatuses, Luna hanging dead eyed over the arm of the old hags statue, Ginny neck twisted at an odd angle, Ron staring blankly at Harry's lifeless body, Fred face torn apart and looking up at the stormy ceiling of the great hall. She kept quiet while the metal rested on her neck. Fearing more than anything what she would say if she didn't. Ron wasn't like that. He voiced loudly how the food they had was practically inedible, and how he had no idea what his family was doing, if they were okay. It bothered her to say the least, but she couldn't blame him, when she had if on she always felt on edge, better he take it out through yelling than magic. Harry kept mostly quiet while it was on, but the slightest thing might set him off. Hermione had learned that simply asking him to hand her a certain book might make him tear his hair out in frustration. But sometimes the necklace changed him in a completely different way, he would be fidgety and wouldn't let go of the map to save his life, insisting on checking it every few minutes. The boy who lived claimed it was for all their friends, but he and Ginny had had some sort of falling out the day of the wedding (she'd figured it out, and hadn't questioned him, he did it for her with Fred, and she felt she owed it to him not to pry) and the witch could tell who he was really intent on watching. Right now he was on watch, and had in fact just began so she could read, but with the damned lights going on and off (though the deluminator didn't change her jug fires) it was maddening to try and pay any attention to her material. So the girl walked out as quiet as she could manage, levitating her jug along with her, and found Harry sitting on a fallen tree outside. "He's doing it again?" Her best friend questioned as she took a seat next to him, but turned the other way. "Yes," she hissed "Its driving me mad" "Why do you think I offered to take first watch" he replied, and she glanced back at him. Harry's knuckles were white, and he was clearly gripping something in his palm. "What have you got?" He held up the snitch and she snorted. "What?" So she held up her own gift from Dumbledore and he laughed as well. "We're all obsessed with them, and I'm not even sure they'll be of any use" "He wouldn't have given them to us if they wouldn't help us." she whispered fingering one of the pages of " Tales of Beatle and the Bard ". Though she was assuring Harry, Hermione wasn't quite sure herself. She'd read the book nearly 100 times over now and hadn't found anything. His brother was insisting they stay open, regardless of the fact that they were only getting a handful of customers each day. Between Hogwarts stating up once more, and people being too scared to leave their homes their business had dropped like a dead cow. Still George claimed they had to stay open, meanwhile the bastard was taking every other day off. "Please stay with me today mate" he begged one day "We're not designing products at the moment, you have the time." "Can't, I'm going over to Angelina's" George had answered putting on his robe to leave. "She can't come here" he snorted. "She doesn't want to leave her parents alone" his twin murmured. Fred didn't let it get to him by now though, he'd done this everyday he had off. Which left him there all day alone. Just him, an empty store, and his head. The Weasley had found it was an awful combination. All day he spent staring at the shelves. Their inventions stared down at him in his seat behind the register and instead of filling him with the same pride they once had, it seemed like they were mocking him. She'd told him more times than he could count that he was ingenious- that she admired him for everything he could do and it was nothing she'd ever be able to pull off. But he couldn't find her. That was what he spent his days off on. Dozens of tracking potions, safety spells, and failed attempts at the silliest things left him shattered every time he tried something new. She'd even left a hairbrush here, which gave him all the DNA he would ever need to find her under normal circumstances, but her concealment spells were better than anything he'd ever be able to pull off to counter them. Fred knew they were Hermione's spells, neither Harry or his little brother would be able to make them strong enough, and she wasn't stupid enough to let them. So on days he had to work, it was all he could think about. What he had done wrong the day before, and how he could do it better tomorrow. When staring at the products began to get to him, the redhead would either get up to eat (Merlin knew how bad the Weasley family stress ate) or call Lupin. His old professor had assured him a hundred times over that they had been in Grimmlund palace a month ago –alive- and had told him what they were doing, but wouldn't let him come with them. However he wouldn't tell Fred exactly what they were doing other than 'It's dangerous, but it needs to be done.' "They haven't come back to Grimmland palace," Remus had sighed one day when he firecalled the older wizard. His face looked disappointed in the embers, "You know that you're the first person I would notify if they did" The older order member had begun staying at the black family home after they had realized that the golden trio had gone there. It was slightly risky, between the death eater's Lupin had spotted outside, and the fact that Snape knew the location, but they had all decided the risk was worth it if the three decided to come back. At first he'd entertained the idea of going to stay there himself. After all, Remus did have a baby on the way and a new wife, did he really need to be risking himself like that? Especially when Fred was there, a bachelor, no children, with a job he really didn't need to be at, and a twin who preferred to spend most of his time away from their home. But after just two visits to see the older wizard he decided that was a very bad idea. The living room still smelled like her, and the cabinets had several boxes of her favorite tea, the shower one of her soap bars. Everywhere he looked in the damned place he could see her, and until she actually came back, Fred didn't need the reminders. Especially since once she did, he didn't even know how she would act around him. She'd told him to shove it the last time they really spoke, and hadn't acted pleased to be around him at all over the summer. Not to mention Hermione had been very chummy with ickle little Ronniekins, perhaps he had shoved her over that edge… Ron , he corrected himself, gritting his teeth. His name is Ron. It was something he'd only began doing recently to himself, when he had realized that he hadn't thought of his brother by his proper name in years. The thought had dawned on him one night eating dinner with Lee over. " Then Ronnie told me I needed to be quiet or he'd tell mum about how we had…." " When was the last time you called him Ron" his friend had cut in, interrupting his tale from when he was younger. " I call him Ron" he said then, sitting up and swirling his firewhisky, this was his third glass. " To his face" the other wizard snorted. "I've never heard you talk about him when he wasn't here and just call him 'Ron'." His face had begun to twist into a sneer, and then he actually thought about it. Aside from actually speaking to his brother or Hermione, he hadn't called Ron by his name in what felt like forever. His friend had gave him a questioning look. "Do you remember?" " Yes" he snapped "I call