Disclaimer: I do not own the Harry Potter characters or universe. Beneath the Venom ~*Chapter 1*~ The seventh and final year at Hogwarts was always the most momentous and stressful of all the school years. There was no exception to this rule for any student. Even those who did not care if they graduated or pursued a career felt the burn of their final year. This was the year of finality. Students were preparing for their N.E.W.T.S. and deciding just who and what they wanted to be outside of the familiar stone walls they had grown up safely within. Beyond the security of the school was the real world with real consequences. It was not wise to proceed unprepared. For Rose Weasley, this year was not too different from any other year. Rose had always been the studious type. Every year she would excel above and beyond what was ever required of a student her age or even of herself. She took every year very seriously as though it were her final year. Since she had entered the school when she was eleven years old she had a plan. Both of her parents were very encouraging but her mother seemed to understand her ambition more so than her father. He still found it disturbing that someone could enjoy school as much as she and her mother did. Rose found intense joy at pushing her brain to the limits and then some. There was great intellectual satisfaction to be held when she found herself buried in school work for hours on end. This was her final year, but she was not concerned. It came as no surprise to her at all when she received a letter, before the year had started, that she was made Head Girl. Since her fifth year she had been a prefect so it only seemed natural that she would be considered for Head Girl. Her parents were absolutely ecstatic for her but it appeared that they had been expecting it all along. For as long as she could remember, she had always done her best to make her parents proud. It was part of what drove her to do so well but there was the added perk that she loved everything about school. She was easily the top in every one of her classes and she was involved in several extra-curricular activities that came with being a prefect and now Head Girl. Upon her father's insistence, she had even tried out for the Quidditch team her second year. She had been accepted and played the Chaser position even still today. Rose's feelings were bittersweet as she thought about the fact that this was her last year at Hogwarts. This was the last time that she was boarding the Hogwarts Express. Her chest felt tight as she stood before doorway of the prefect car located at the front of the train. As Head Girl, it was her duty to instruct the prefects along with the Head Boy. Trying her best to rid the feeling of melancholy, she stepped out of view of the other students and composed herself. Her red, bushy hair was actually manageable today. There was very little frizz and it fell just below her shoulders. She was dressed in her proper Ravenclaw uniform. Her white button up shirt was bright and neat with her collar pressed sharply. The striped tie in her house's colors was tied perfectly and symmetrically nestled in the valley of her throat. Over her shirt and tie was her grey sweater that held a blue stripe at the bottom and along the v-shaped collar to indicate her house. Her grey pleated skirt was ironed perfectly and fell just above her knees, showing just a bit of skin before meeting her knee high grey socks. She had even taken the time to polish her black Mary Janes. Of course her uniform would not be complete without her black Hogwarts robe which now was adorned with her Head Girl badge. Everything about her outfit was pristine and neat, which was just how she liked it. Her father said she inherited that trait from her mother. Taking a deep breath and placing a sweet, bright smile on her face, she strode into the car with overwhelming confidence. This was her last year to make an impression and she would take her job as Head Girl very seriously. It was going to be a bit more taxing seeing as how she was now in charge of all of the prefects from all of the houses instead of only dealing with her house. There were twenty-four prefects in all. Six from each house and two from each year starting from fifth on. However, what she did not see was the Head Boy. The Hogwarts express was scheduled to leave in approximately five minutes and the boy was nowhere to be seen. She did not know who it was so she could not even begin to hunt him down. Even though it was recommended for the prefects to sit with one another, it was not absolutely mandatory. However, it was mandatory that the Head Boy and Girl at least make an appearance to the other prefects. Frowning, she was about to continue without the boy when she heard the car door open. Albus Potter strode in the prefect's car, looking a bit haphazard and slightly out of breath. His mussy black hair was sticking out at odd angles, causing him to shake his head so that he could see beyond his bangs. Rose arched a delicate brow at his entrance. She was confused as to why he was there and she wondered if he had been looking for her specifically. Her desire to be neat wanted her to straighten his gold and crimson tie, finish buttoning up his shirt, and straighten his robes which were half falling off of him. It was when Al finally stood up straight and pulled his robes together that she finally saw it. Gleaming in the light was his Head Boy badge. Rose's eyes widened in surprise before her brows furrowed. Here she had thought they were best friends, let along cousins, and the little prat had decided to keep this information from her. She wasn't sure if she was offended, irritated, or happy. If she had to choose anyone to work closely with for the year it would definitely be Al, but she was bothered by the fact that she had not been told. "Sorry I'm late. Had a bit of a mishap," Al said sheepishly, rubbing the back of his head embarrassedly. " At least he has the decency to look abashed," Rose thought as she shook her head. She would scold his appearance and forgetfulness after they were done speaking to the prefects. Clearing her throat, she turned to speak to the students but was cut off before she could utter a word. "You have got to be kidding me. Whose bright idea was it to make these loons Head Boy and Girl?" a sneer came from the back of the car. Rose growled softly to herself, recognizing who it was without even looking. Sitting in the back was a seventh year that she knew far too well. It was Scorpius Malfoy, sitting smug with his feet propped up as he expelled an aloof, refined air about him. The git thought that he was god's gift to women and he wasn't afraid to show it. His platinum blonde hair was slicked back, keeping his angled, pale face from being obstructed. The boy, despite coming from a prestigious family, barely dressed like it. His Slytherin tie hung loosely around his neck and his white uniform shirt was unbuttoned halfway to reveal a small amount of a toned chest. His attire was supposed to tease and entice women. Clearly it was working for several girls could not seem to tear their eyes away from him. There was disdain burning in his grey eyes and it was directed at Rose and Albus. Albus sighed heavily, even rolling his eyes a bit. He was not even sure when Malfoy had even managed to become a prefect. Their fifth and sixth year he was not one but he clearly was one now. Great, that meant more contact with him than he would have liked to endure. It was bad enough that they went to the same school and were in the same year as one another but now they would have to actually associate with one another. This was supposed to be Albus' year to relax and take it easy. Malfoy made his life more difficult than it had to be since day one. The blonde prat had it out against the Weaslys and the Potters since his and Rose's parents went to school with Scorpius' father. Groaning, he shot a look to Rose, who looked no happier than he did. "Shut it Malfoy. Nobody cares what your pretty boy mouth has to say," she growled, her eyes narrowing into a glare. There was no way she was going to let him ruin her last year. Thankfully for her, he had to listen to her because she was Head Girl. Well, that was the theory anyways. Malfoy didn't listen to anyone really. Before Malfoy had a chance to fire a quip, Rose began speaking to the rest of the prefects. She provided them information for the year as well as what their duties were going to be. Things hardly changed from year to year but it was always good to have a reminder. Not to mention, it was her chance to introduce herself as Head Girl and for Albus to introduce himself as Head Boy. Once Rose and Albus were finished with their speeches, they broke away immediately, finding the car that her brother, Hugo, and his sister, Lily, were sitting in. Hugo and Lily were just as inseparable as she and Albus were. Which brought her back to her original irritation. "So this is how you decided to tell me that you were made Head Boy or did you just forget that I was going to find out," she said with a frown, trying to hide just how hurt she really was. Albus sat down heavily next to his sister as he looked over at Rose, a wide smile plastered on his face. It really was not his intention to hurt her, though he knew there might have been a chance that she received the information wrong. It had meant to be an awesome surprise. "I didn't mean to hurt your feelings but don't you remember a few weeks ago that I told you I had a surprise that I wanted to share with you once we got to school?" he inquired. Rose held a blank look for a moment as she attempted to recall what he was talking about. Frowning further, she ran her index finger down the bridge of her nose a few times as she thought. "I vaguely recall this, but I thought you were going to tell me that you finally got a girlfriend," she said honestly. The exasperated look Albus gave her forced her to laugh out loud a bit. "You act like I don't have a love life of any sort," he said, his eyes wide in disbelief. "Well, you kinda don't," Lily quipped up, poking fun at her brother. Lily Potter was two years younger than her brother which meant that she was entering her fifth year at Hogwarts. Hugo Weasley was doing the same. This was the year they would be preparing for and taking their O.W.L.S. Rose had already offered to tutor them to which Lily eagerly agreed to. Hugo, however, agreed begrudgingly but only because Lily was making him. "This is not a topic for discussion. I have had plenty of girlfriends. It is not a crime to not have one now," he grumbled. Rose shook he her head, amused at how