This is originally UntimelyDisease's story, but he needed to take a break. I'm adopting it for a while because he asked me to. All of the credit goes to UntimelyDisease and the characters' creators! Only the dialogue is mine. The characters that are going to be in the story are: 1. Emilia Marie Howard (Emily or Lia), daughter of Dionysus. 2. Josh Merc (Joshie), son of Dionysus. 3. Damon Richards (Richard), son of Nyx. 4. Cyrus Avant (Avian), son of Kronos. 5. Quillin Ness (Quill), son of Nemesis. NEWER CHARACTERS: 6. Lily Avant, daughter of Gaea. (Cyrus' younger sister, was at Camp Jupiter.) 7. Alessia Reyes, daughter of Morpheus. Congrats if you were chosen, (And as Dionysus would say...) bla, bla bla, hurry up, let's get on with it. :) CHAPTER 1 Damon I can't trust anyone here. As a child of a dark goddess, I think I can do that. The problem is that everyone at this camp is very uneasy when someone with a godly parent with a dark history comes to camp. Nico Di Angelo knows this, and so does Hazel Levesque. I'm really not sure who else. Nico is a really dark fellow, and I'm not liking his attitude. Hazel, on the other hand, lives at the other camp and I don't see her often. Anyway, I'm pretty new here, and I haven't met anyone around but them, because no one is willing to greet me. Only a select few campers said hello and actually talked to me, including Annabeth, Percy, Nico and Hazel. I'm always getting dirty looks from the other campers, especially one girl that just keeps glaring at me. Annabeth told me about that girl; her name is Clarisse, and she's really annoying. She's glaring at me now, matter of fact, as I walk through the path towards the big house. This time, she walks up to me. She looks older than me, which is something, since I'm 19. She grabs the back of my shirt. "Hey, punk." She says. She growls, and I kick her in the chest. She lets go. "If a fight is what you want, I'll cream you." She takes out her spear, and I think I see a spark run from the shaft to the tip. She jabs at me, and suddenly another boy, way younger than me, appears and grabs the spear shaft. "Idiot." He says, and breaks it over his knee. His eyes glow gold, and throws it behind him. "You OK?" He asks. I watch as Clarisse draws another sword from her side. She swings and suddenly, he catches it in midair, like he teleported. "Says the person, like, 5 years younger than me?" I say. He shrugs. Clarisse pulls her blade free and jabs again. This time, he intercepts it with his scythe. "LEAVE!" He says to Clarisse, who immediately, scampers away. "I'm Cyrus. Call me Avian. I'm a son of Kronos." He holds out his hand. I shake it. He has a golden eye and part of his body seems completely normal. The left half, however, is more pale and he has a red eye. "Trust me, she hates me so much already." He says. I nod "Seems like it. I'm Damon." I answer. Suddenly, Avian's knees buckle and he clutches his head as waves of darkness flow off of him. About 30 seconds pass after he falls, he gets back up. He wipes his face off. "Sorry. I have the occasional flashback of where I was born..." He says. "Tartarus. I hate that place." So he does understand me. That's new. "I'm a son of Kronos. You?" He asks. "I'm actually not sure. I think my mother... might be Nyx. I met her once..." Suddenly, we hear yelling from the hill. Avian's already there, looking on at the problem. He takes out a scythe out of nowhere, then charges into the area. I draw my sword and follow him. When I reach the top, he's battling a giant and its army, while another kid is backing up behind him. A monster tries to slice him, and he blocks it, and slices through it. I run up to help. As we battle the army, more and more demigods come and back us up. Avian is grabbing the weapons whenever he can, slicing up the monsters. He runs up Polybote's leg and jumps. They both slash at each other, but it's Avian who hits him. The giant disentigrates. "Don't you need the help of a god to kill a giant?" A boy asks. "Una... How many times do I have to tell you this is a god's weapon? I win the bet." Avian says. He looks at his arm and mutters under his breath. He's got a long scar from where he was cut by Polybote's trident. I see some of him smoking, beginning to disentegrate. Then he eats some ambrosia and the smoking stops. His scythe disappears. So does he. "With him around," Percy says, "It's impossible to know where he is. Now he's probably back in his cabin..." "What the heck is going on here?" says the kid we saw being chased. Now Avian is back. He stretches. "Hey." I say. I'm Damon." "Well, I'm Quillin." He suddenly turns white and morphs into what I hate the most; light. He's 10, at most, and carries no visible weapon. Then he turns back. Chiron gallops up to us and takes us to the Big House. Avian follows him, probably just because he can. He's fifty feet behind us, and suddenly he's at the Big House. "What happened, anyway?" Chiron asks. So we explain about the army Polybotes had. "I think I attracted it with a phone..." Quillin says. He holds up a ruined microchip. "How'd you survive?" I ask. "A phone is a deadly enemy attracter." "I may have used the phone for a shield?" Quillin says. I take out my knives. They're completely made of something black with little glints of white. We're here, at the big house. As we walk in, I think I see a bit of movement out of the corner of my eye. I turn around and look. I see nothing. As we sit down in the basement, Chiron talks to us about godly parentage. I'm making every sense about what he's saying, but I'm not sure about Quillin. "Look out!" Avian yells, and lunges in front of Quillin, narrowly grabbing a sword. Quillan whirls. He jumps on top of the thing. I get up. It's Clarisse, once again. I hate her. "Clarisse! Leave. NOW." Chiron says. She scampers away as a blinding light fills the room. A glowing scale floats above Quillin's head. "All hail Quillin, son of Nemesis." Chiron says. CHAPTER 2 Emilia I walk up the path toward the dining palivion. I sit down at the Dionysus cabin, and my brother Josh meets me there. He's swearing at some other camper. He finishes his conversation and sits down, eager to eat. As the food is passed out, I see a new kid sitting with Avian at the Kronos cabin table.. They have nothing in common, but Chiron sits with them too, talking. Chiron stands up. "As you all probably know, today is Capture the Flag. Currently, Ares and Kronos have the flags. And Avian... no time freeze." "Aww..." he says. Mumbling to himself, he says, "I've still got a counted number of powers they don't know..." Only I hear it because I'm sitting directly behind him, one table away. "Kronos cabin has teamed with Nemesis, Hermes, Athena, and Hephaestus. Ares has teamed with everyone else." Chiron announces. As dinner wraps up, we run into the woods. I immediatly approach Avian and ask him for the plan. He nods, and gets a glint in his eye. His red eye. "We'll use the three-pronged attack; You take your brother and Pollux and Connor and his squad and go mid. Me and Nemesis will take left, and I'll take Travis' squad. Athena will take right. Annabeth and I worked this out earlier." I nod. "Come on, you guys." I say. I run up the middle as the horn sounds. I hear fighting break out to the right. "They'll be fine." I say. We step into a veil of fog. Not fog, mist. My team disappears, so it's only me standing. Suddenly, I'm surrounded by campers. They all have their swords drawn and ready for battle. As I step to face them, suddenly they all turn around. a moment of fighting, and they all fall. Avian stands behind them, grinning. "Needed some help?" He asks. I nod. "Thanks." I say. I hear Josh yelling, "Shut your motha f***ing mouth, mate!" (Yes, he australian...) then I hear a gun. The mist vaporizes, and we're back standing in a pack, Avian with us. As we make our way through the woods, I hear the sound of something whistling. As I snap my head to the left, an blunted arrow flies towards me. Avian intercepts the arrow with his sword. There suddenly is a crack, and another blunted arrow hits Avian in the side of the head. His face snaps back, and he falls. Sam steps into the clearing. I see Kayla perched on a tree a bit away. She's about to fire another shot and I grab her bow with a grape vine and toss it. I gets tangled in another tree. She jumps and grabs it, but the string breaks. She draws her sword and wanders into the woods. "I'm going to have to stop you here." Sam says. I raise my hand, and suddenly grape vines wrap completely around him. We run past him. He slices through the vines, and raises his sword. He fires three bursts at me. I dodge the first and block the second. The third is about to hit me when something blocks it. A grapevine shoots from the ground. "What?" I wonder out loud. I didn't summon it. Sam shrugs he's about to fire another burst, when another grape vine throws him into the air about ten feet, then someone smacks him down with a sickening crunch. It's my dad, Dionysus. 'Not... fair." Sam mumbles. "What's with a god interrupting our game?" "Dad?!" I ask. "What did you do to him?!" I ask. He grins and teleports away from me. "You OK?" I ask Sam. "Get him back here; I really want to use my powers on him." He answers. "Not now." I say. "Be back later." Josh grabs the flag. Our pack runs back the path we took, avoiding newly planted traps and other people.. As we cross the creek, another horn rings out, declaring the win. The flag shimmers and changes from a boar head to a grapevine symbol. "Dionysus has the flag!" Chiron announces. As all the campers are rounded up, we head over to the campfire. As we cook out marshmallows and sing campfire songs, I think I'm forgetting something. Kayla is busy fixing her bow. I hit myself in the head and Josh looks over. "You know what I'm forgetting?" I ask him. "I think I'm forgetting something." He shakes his head. "I'd probably remember, unless my ADHD is acting up." He answers. As the campfire wraps up, the flame is extenguished. There are still lights, though, but I'm not sure. I walk towards them. Kayla's eyes are lit up, as are Will's and Austin's. "Gods! That's what I was forgetting!" Kayla exclaims. "Where's Sam?" "In the woods." I answer. "We need to find him!" Leo follows me and Kayla. Chiron steps over to me. "What are you doing?" He asks. "Chiron, Sam is still out there in the woods!" I yell. "They're two strong demigods." He says "They'll be able to- "Who's the second?" I ask him, but in my heart, I already know who it is. Cyrus. CHAPTER 3 Cyrus I wake up in the middle of the forest. As a son of Kronos, I can tell