After all that he had survived, Ron couldn't believe that this was how his life was going to end. Fifty wands stood against the throats of those he loved while his fingers grasped uselessly at empty air. He was positioned as best he could to cover both Harry and Neville - an advantage of his height – yet he didn't think for a second that his cover would save them. The effectiveness of noble sacrifice had been depleted years ago, Ron thought bitterly. He wondered if Lily Potter had thought the same or if her faith had been stronger. Unfortunately for Ron, he was a strategist. He knew how to count moves, predict outcomes. He had only grown sharper since the War had made him maneuver real people. His work was in reality and lately reality had little room for faith. He could see that, like so many others, his loves would not survive him. They would all die here. Yet, Gods, he loved his husbands enough to pretend otherwise, if only for a moment. Ron closed his eyes. How had they come to this? He knew, intellectually, but he didn't like to think about it. Yet, with the ozone tinge of spellsmoke hanging as heavy in the air as the sorrow in his heart, he was heedless to fight the memories. He lost himself in them, mind drifting relentlessly to that first, terrible summer. May, 1998. They had lost Tonks and Ron's father at the Battle of Hogwarts but not so many others. That was due mostly to the surprising change of the Malfoy family's heart, Ron could admit now. They had driven Voldemort from their manor in the summer of fourth year and turned informant in the same breath. With that one move, the Dark had been fractured and the Grey destabilized. The War had still been hell but time had given Ron room to recognize at least some of the blessings that had taken place. The death of Sirius Black, some two weeks after the Battle, hadn't weathered time so well at all. Ron's stomach twisted. Harry's howl upon learning the news still haunted his mind. They had taken some peace in knowing that Sirius had died as he would have wished: defending his husband, Severus, and their unborn child – but his sacrifice had been in vain. Severus' life and that of their child had been taken before the grass had grown over Sirius' grave. Revenge taken by the leaderless Dark, the aurors had eventually declared. With Sirius and Severus gone, the Black fortune had fallen to their remaining heir, Harry Potter and his wife, Ginny Potter nee Weasley. With that inheritance, Harry had also received a desire for revenge. Immediately, Harry had volunteered his services to the aurors hunting down Dark remnants. Ron had joined, too. He had been unwilling to let his best friend get himself killed even if his own wife, Hermione, would be remaining at home like Ginny. Or, well. That had all been done immediately after the funerals. It had felt like they had spent all of May '98 burying people. Hell, by now it felt like burying people was all they had ever done. Despite throwing themselves into hunting down the Dark, the first week of June had finished before Ron had even had an inkling of how much danger they were truly in. He had come home early from auror training, hoping to surprise his wife. He had brought flowers. He had figured that she could use some cheering up after all those "awful lies" Rita Skeeter was writing about her in the paper. Or maybe he was just trying to alleviate his own guilt. By that point, Ron had known that he had fallen in love with Harry. He had also known that his feelings for Neville weren't much less. Before he'd had the time to drag himself further over the coals, however, Ron had heard the words that he would never forget: '" The papers will be talking about us for ages, Hermione! 'Heart-broken War Widows Mourn Heroic Husbands!' Have you ever heard of anything better?'" The sound of a pair of wineglasses clinking together had rung across the kitchen. Ron had just barely been able hear them from the entrance way but the sound was unmistakable. '" No, especially after all the shit we've been through. Thank God Molly had that Amortentia recipe on hand or this would have all been much harder,'" Hermione had mused aloud. Ginny had hummed agreeably. '"Hiding it in the muffins was genius. Don't even need those marriage contracts of Dumbledore's, now. Those things have been gathering dust for ages." " Yes, this really was much more natural. Now all that's left to do is take the livestock to market!'" They had giggled together, then. A high, girlish shriek that had haunted Ron in his dreams for weeks to come. Still did, some nights, though obviously not for much longer, Ron thought bitterly. Still, they had at least managed some revenge. Little had the women known, Ron and Harry had only eaten those genius muffins when they couldn't refuse them. They had tasted absolutely terrible, after all. Harry and Ron had thrown them out every chance they'd had. That had certainly explained why the love they had felt for their wives had seemed to fade while they were away at auror camp. They had both felt so terrible for falling in love with each other and Neville while they were away fighting rogue Death Eaters that the Amortentia poisoning and murder plot had nearly been a relief. Ron could only imagine how surprised Ginny and Hermione were when the marriage termination papers were served. Amortentia use had made them effective immediately. At the time, they had naively thought that the divorce would be enough. Ron, Harry, and Neville had dropped out of the auror camps and spent the summer together in the tropics, courting each other and figuring out the little details of their relationship. They had traveled in the muggle world, spent days spoiling each other rotten, and generally forgotten about magic. On the final day of August, Ron had said his vows – this time free of Amortentia. However, while Ron had been getting married, in Wizarding Britain Lucius Malfoy had bled out on the Ministry steps. Without his voice moderating a conservative, extreme-Light House of Lords, a slew of laws had passed. One of the most terrible was the 'Peaceful Creatures' Bill. This had detailed the new laws for the euthanization of dangerous magical creatures – including werewolves. Consigned to a new category ('XXXXXX – murderous, terminate immediately'), groups of wizards and witches had branded themselves as hunters and stormed across the nation. Remus Malfoy, blindsided by the bill and in London to organize Lucius' final affairs, had been struck down in the streets. Teddy Malfoy, toddler son of Lucius and Remus, would have perished as well, had it not been for Narcissa Shacklebolt. She had been able to spirit the boy away, though not for long. Caught attempting to flee to the Americas with Teddy and Kingsley Shacklebolt, all three had been executed for treason. Kingsley's status as interim-Minister for Magic had been stripped from him only two days before. The Wizengamot had cited "Dark bias" as justification for his removal. Ron could only assume that the tossers had meant his fair treatment of magical creatures and his marriage to the former Lady Malfoy by that. By all accounts, magical Britain had lost its mind at that point. Riots had broken out and been viciously suppressed. The subtle attacks on purebloods, Dark magicals, and other opponents to the extreme Light became blunt. Mad-Eye Moody had roused something of a resistance, but he had fallen after no less than thirty-four aurors attacked his base of operations. Ron had heard that his famous last words ran along the lines of: "I would have been dead by now if you'd learned fuck all from me! CONSTANT VIGILANCE!" Ron, Harry, and Neville had arrived back in Britain what seemed to Ron to be a day late and a penny short. Or, well, maybe a few months late. He often tortured himself wondering if they could have put a stop to all of the bloodshed if they had just remained in the Britain. Maybe they would have died. Maybe that would have been better. Ron would never know. All he knew was what had been. He knew that when they had tried to Floo back home after their wedding, they had been cut-off from their destination and detained by the Ministry. He knew that that had been its own kind of hell – one they wouldn't have escaped if not for, of all miserable people, Dolores Umbridge. She had freed Harry, Neville, and Ron from the bowels of the Ministry, then died by an Aveda Kedvra meant for Harry. She had saved his life. Ron still wasn't quite able to wrap his head around that. Her last words had been to Harry, as she had guided them through the halls: "I will not lie, Mr. Potter. The Ministry is no longer worth saving—I do not think it is able to be saved." After that, life had become a haphazard blur of helter-skelter movement, desperation, and violence. They had gathered the fragile embers of Moody's Resistance, shamelessly using Harry's fame to stoke what they could to flame. They had set up safe houses for hunted magicals and persecuted creatures. They had played jump rope with the lines between Light magic, Dark magic, and plain evil. The Ministry had hunted them. Harry had been branded a Dark Lord. Safe houses had been destroyed. So, so many people had died. Of Ron's family, he was the only brother left. Desolation clawed at him daily; he buried it with a bitter smirk. At least they had all made it to the new millennium, even if some hadn't seen the year close out, as in Percy's case. Rumour said that Percy had died at the Minister's desk, just before blowing up the whole sodding hellhole. There was more to it than that, Ron knew, but thought that that was still a fitting legacy for his brother. Fred and George, not to be outdone by Percy, had gone out with a blaze of glory just this February. They had taken most Diagon Alley, by then dominated by a gallows for the condemned, with them. Bill had died with his unlikely mate, Fenrir Greyback, a month later. Ron had received word that Charlie had died saving a safe house just a handful of days ago. Ron swallowed, pushing back his swelling grief. Of all his family, Percy had been the only one who had managed to die on his own terms. Seemed awfully poetic, looking back. Percy always had made a plan for everything. Rita Skeeter, Merlin bless her soul, had done her very best to expose what was going on. Her articles had started with the War, detailing the entire torrid reign of Minister Rufus Scrimgeour. She had dedicatedly covered the Final Battle, asking hard questions about how the War was fought. Why were children on the frontline? Why was Voldemort's takeover even possible after the First War? Then, when the officials had proclaimed the War was over but the fighting and death hadn't seemed to stop, she had gone deeper. Even in the days before Sirius had died, she had been writing exposés on Hermione Weasley's moves in the Ministry. On the suspicious deaths of Amelia Bones and her niece, Susan. On the horrible attack on the Avery & Patil law firm and the murder of Parvati Patil. As the violence had worn on, Rita had only become more critical of the Ministry. She had been forced from the Prophet by October of 1998. She had then gone underground, working with Luna and Theo Nott to distribute a rebel newspaper – the Cassandra Times. Rita's assistants, Lavender