Full story description: It can be tough remembering who we are when we forget the memories of our past... Annabeth has always been a sweet girl, despite the way she's been treated. In a world of mishaps her kind heart has been tormented and her mind twisted. So when she decides to forget the boy she loved as a child as a way to heal her broken heart, her life starts to turn upside down. She now deals with social anxiety, an evil step mother, a neglecting father and the treacherous place called Goode High School. Her kindness is her blessing but also her curse... It's not so easy walking through those halls when you're the nerdy shy girl, terrified of speaking to anyone and making it your life's goal to be invisible. But when she finds herself growing closer to Goode's most popular student, the famous Percy Jackson, her life is changed forever. She now deals with constant flashbacks of a mysterious boy she clearly used to know as a child and they've all seemed to coincidently come around the moment she met Percy. Despite her developing feelings for this heart throb and the way he makes her smile even through the darkest of times, she must keep them secret and avoid him at all costs. If anyone knew she was falling in love with him, her invisibility cloak would be torn apart forever. The only one to tame his untameable heart... But Percy has a dark secret and when being close to him puts her own life in danger, Annabeth must decide, on top of trying to find herself, whether this boy is worth risking everything for... Hey readers! It's A.W.G here, tackling the fanfiction world of Percy Jackson again. It's been a while. Some of you may know me as the author of Kisses in the Rain which I took down, unfortunately, but if you're new, welcome! This story as been my baby for over 2 years and I've poured my heart and soul into it. So if you're into tones of PERCABETH mush, cliche drama, passionate make out scenes and fluffy cuteness! You've come to the right place :) I admit, this chapter is a long one and it takes a while to kick off but I promise if you stick with it, you won't regret it! This story will take you on a roller coaster of emotional girly sighs and giggles and give you Percabeth obssessive disorder. Don't argue with me, it's a thing okay because I have it! ;) Just a few pointers before you can dive in: 1) I am ENGLISH! That means I spell things the English way! I know the majority of people on here are from the USA (and I love you guys) but please don't knock me for spelling things differently. For example, I spell colour this way ;) 2) I like to include song tributes in some scenes to create the mood. This doesn't mean you have to listen to them but they were the songs I wrote the scenes to and it gives you an incite as to what was going through my head at the time. 3) I don't own the PJO characters, obviously, but I've personalised them a little to the story. 4) This fanfic involves some swearing, a little violence and VERY minor sexual references but only occasionally. Most of the story is rated T to be honest but I rated it M just to be on the safe side. - I will let you know at the beginning of each chapter if it's particularly violent or sweary. So now we got that out of the way... ENJOY! X May your choices reflect you hopes, not your fears. — Nelson Mandela Prologue You can never really appreciate a moment until it becomes a memory. At least that's what I've learnt. Sure you might be thankful in the moment but it's not until the present becomes the past and the future becomes a road that not even the sanest of people would go down, that you wish you could just go back and be there again. It's in the end that we all tend to look back, I think. But it was only just the beginning. They call me Annabeth, I guess. I don't know who 'they' is though. I can't really remember the last person I had a real conversation with. 16 years I've been here, but it feels longer. Course, you can't really blame me, I attend Goode High School which is probably one of the most prestigious schools in New York for sports but definitely not for a nice welcoming atmosphere. Like any cliché school, Goode is your average hell hole where anyone who isn't anyone probably cries on a daily basis. I'm trying though. I'm really trying. I've never been a quitter really, or someone that sulks in the corner when life doesn't go to plan. 'Carry on through and finish what you started' as Atticus would say. Patient and appreciating; that's what I've always been taught to be. Quiet, for sure, but kind as well. I've never been one to argue or complain. My mother used to tell me that I hardly ever cried when I was younger and on my first night in this world, I slept soundly like...well like a baby. I never threw tantrums or argued with her, I hadn't really been brought up that way and I'd loved her too much. It's not that I was shy back then or afraid of getting my point of view across because it was the complete opposite. I was very strong as a child. Smart, strong and brave but never callous. Always gentle and respectful. People used to call me the 'golden child', of course that's all changed now. The old Annabeth has gone. Sometimes I'd like to think it's other people's fault but really I can only blame myself. Blame myself for being weak and letting people influence me more and more. The thing about being a weak minded person, is that people begin to get a satisfaction out of controlling you. Nowadays, you could say that I'm your everyday nerdy shy girl with social anxiety and outstanding grades. I'm not usually the one to talk about myself though, I find the topic 'me' uncomfortable. I'm more of the sit in the background so hopefully no one notices me, type of girl. I am literally invisible in that school. Don't get me wrong, I like it this way and it's better this way because then I don't have to worry about silly things like friends and relationships and all that drama. It's just me and my books and that's the way it's always been. That's the way it always will be. I'm different you see, I don't even fit into my own family anymore, let alone High School. I'm 'inhumanly' smart for my age apparently, according to the therapist I'd visited a few years back for my social anxiety. I've done an IQ test, scoring 180 but I didn't believe it for a second. I mean, Einstein's IQ is like 160 and there is no way I could be smarter than a genius like him. You'd think it's a gift to have this much knowledge inside one's head but at times it can be strange, overwhelming and sometimes it makes me feel like an alien—like I don't belong. I've skipped a grade, so now I'm a senior instead of a junior, and I've been doing online college since the age of 12. I was originally going to go straight to university after my sophomore year but for some reason my father wanted me to finish High School. Maybe he just doesn't want to pay for my college application. That wouldn't really surprise me anymore. Not since the split. My family are originally from England but we moved to New York for my mother's work. My dad, Frederick Chase, is a workaholic who's never home and hardly pays attention to me even when he is home. He used to though…once upon a time. I only see him once or twice a year really. My parents split when I was 6 and I lived with my mother for a few years but when I was 10 I was carted off to live with my dad. The few years I spent with my mother were some of the best years of my life, it had really affected me when I was taken from her. Something to do with Social Services thinking she wasn't fit to look after me because she was so busy with work all the time. My mother built her own architecture company when she was just 19 years old. 'Athena Associates' started out small and now it's gone global. It's probably the most famous architecture firm in the world. Practically every college graduate wants to go there if they studied architecture, it's like the go-to place for it. If you can get a job at Athena Associates you can get a job anywhere. Someday, I hope I can work for her and maybe even take over the company. Someday. But in reality, she's probably forgotten all about me. I haven't spoken to her in almost 3 years. I know where she is, I know her home and work address but still I won't go see her. I figured she wouldn't want me to. It's like she never even loved me. I wonder if she even remembers me. My relationship with my dad is different now too. I think I'm just a sad reminder of my mother for him because we look so alike. We had been really close once but when I moved in after the 'split', he hated looking after me. He used to leave the room when I cried and most of the time he'd just tell Helen, his new wife, to look after me and she was never nice. I was always asking when I could see my mother again. I guess a little girl was too much for him to handle. It came to the point where he used his work as an excuse to avoid me. Sometimes I can't even picture his face. I have to look at old family photos just to remember what his long lost smile looks like. I missed it, it used to be the cause of my own smile once upon a time. It's no wonder my family don't pay attention to me though, I wouldn't describe myself as anything special or significant, apart from my grades there's nothing remotely interesting about me. I wouldn't say I was pretty but I wouldn't say I was ugly either. I'm just average— average light blonde, long, wavy hair, boring grey eyes, average height, average lightly tanned skin, average everything. I'm just your every day average geek. They should call me Average Annabeth. You hardly notice me because I'm always hiding behind a book or homework paper that's not due in for weeks but I'll be doing it the day it was set anyway. I even use glasses to hide behind, though I have perfect eyesight. They're just a pair of plain black square glasses; the kind that look fashionable on models but not on me. I guess you could say that's another thing people tease me about when they actually notice I'm there. I suppose sometimes I just want to give up, go crawl under my covers and sleep it all away but I never do, I'll never put myself on that level. I'll always stay strong. I swear. I never tell anyone this because I know they won't understand. Who would I tell anyway? There's no one to tell. I'm okay though. I'm used to being alone I guess. It's not the loneliness that gets to me the most. No, the worst thing is being forgotten by someone you can't forget... Chapter 1 Little Miss Invisible Annabeth POV Tuesday