This story incorporates pieces of the LotR book and movies so don't be confused by parts you may not recognize from the movie. I'd like to thank the author of the LotR epic "The Traveler" for giving me the inspiration and courage to finally post this (I've been writing this for quite some time). Enjoy, please review A LOT, and any advice would be greatly appreciated, but please don't be too mean, it's my first fanfic, and I'm hoping for it to be an epic. Read and Review please. It's finally here, my Redo of the first chapter. Sorry this has taken so long, now that I have a bit more time I can make the beginning as detailed as I originally intended, review with your thoughts, and enjoy : ) It had been a hard day of college, reports piling up, and my finals next week; I thought I'd be crushed beneath my mountains of work. I walked from my house to the library everyday, always running by the old sturdy oak tree in front of my house as I did. The old tree had been outside my house as long as I could remember; despite my parents desire to tear it down. I had just arrived at the local library to study for my final I had in two hours on Nomenclature, when I found a pleasant surprise. "Ben!" I shouted, seeing my old high school friend. "Hey Derek," he replied, "What are you doing here?" "Final studying, what are you doing here?" "O a few friends decided to pay a visit to home before our second semester started," he chuckled softly to himself. "We got out a week ago." I thought to myself what a lucky devil he was when what he had said finally donned on me. "Friends? Who else is with you?" Ben laughed, knowing I would ask that, "Clark, Alex and Liz, they wanted to come here too, they'd all be happy to see you." He gave me a nudge and a wink; he knew that I had had the biggest crush on Liz during high school. I rushed up to them; they were all hanging out in the fiction section, my personal favorite part of the library. "Hi guys I said, shaking Clark and Alex's hands, and giving Liz a quick hug, it's so good to see you again." "Hi Derek," said Liz, "it is nice to see you again," she giggled as she always did, I could feel myself blush. In high school I had always thought she had the cutest laugh. Clark and Alex were making fake kissing motions at me behind her as she spoke. "Long time no see Derek," said Alex, I couldn't believe how huge he and Ben had gotten; their time in the army had done wonders. "We were just talking about you." "Me?" I asked, "Why?" "Because we found this," he revealed a strange edition of the Lord of the Rings by J.R.R Tolkien from behind his back. I had never seen it before, the words were in a green shimmering print and the pictures glowed a golden hue. "Wow," I stepped forward, admiring the picture of the Shire adorning the front, seeing as how I had always been an avid Tolkien fan. I've never seen this copy, and I come here all the time," I turned to Clark. "Where did you find it?" "Liz saw it glowing from the bookcase and we thought of you, since you bored us to death with this book back when we were in high school." "I always found your lectures on the book interesting," Liz added. "But I was always a Shakespeare buff myself." "Glad I never listened to you," Ben chuckled softly. "I could never read past the first ten pages, and those movies always put me to sleep." "Thanks for finding these guys; if I ever have time after the finals I'll be sure to check this out." Unable to resist I opened to the first page, an act would change my life forever. The ink seemed to run and merge together, at first I thought I had ruined it, until they began to swirl into the book, forming a tornado within the pages. I felt a strong force and pretty soon I was unable to hold my ground, losing my footing I fell forward…into the book. My last image before I blacked out was four outlines following me in. As I woke up I realized the splitting pain in the back of my head, cradling my skull I rose to my feet, and almost fell down again at the sight which stood before me. I stood before a massive forest upon an open grassy plain; a small town loomed on the horizon with smoke rising from old fashioned chimneys. I didn't know what to think of what had happened to me, curiosity grabbed me as I searched around me; there was no sign of the library or my friends anywhere in sight. Breathing heavily I made all speed towards the small town, hoping to find answers there. A gate stood before the entrance to the town, a view port opened, allowing an old man to peek out, eyeing me with paranoid interest. "Who are you? And what is your business here?" he asked in a gruff voice, I immediately didn't like the look of him, though he looked oddly familiar. "Um," I couldn't think of what to say so I said the first thing that came to mind. "My name is Derek, and I don't see why my business should be any of yours." "Okay okay," said the old man. "Everyone is so queer today, I meant no disrespect, you may pass." As I passed through the opening door, I got a better view of the town. It was made up of a grouping of old wooden houses lined up, the people seemed to be shorter than the average person I knew but I paid it little mind. After walking for several moments I found a building with a sign hanging over the entrance, I nearly fell over again in shock. I read it several times, quickly at first and slowly to be sure I was reading it correctly "The Prancing Pony." "No way," I whispered to myself. "No way." Was this the village of Bree? I had to know, taking a deep breath I entered the inn hesitantly. "Well hello there young sir," I turned quickly, a rather tall portly man was standing behind the counter, "I'm afraid we have no rooms left to a gentleman of your size, but the tavern is always open to weary travelers from afar." Looking down I realized he was probably referring to my T-shirt and blue jeans, which were covered with mud and quite wet from the heavy rain outside. "Thank you Mr.? I expected the name, but had to be sure. "Butterburs me name. Help yerself to some refreshments," he finished before picking up a tray of mugs and disappearing into the tavern. I found my first seat and sat down, having finally proven to myself what had happened had happened. I had entered the Lord of the Rings…middle-earth. So caught up in my troubles I didn't notice a tall cloaked man sitting in the corner, his eyes fell upon me for a half moment, then returned to the one he had been watching all night. Usually this would be a dream come true for me, yet I didn't know what was going on. If this world followed the book or if I was stuck in here forever, I was afraid I may not find anyone who could help me. I was on the verge of screaming out in frustration, when the sound of nearby singing broke me from my madness. There is an inn a merry old inn Beneath an old grey hill And there they brew a beer so brown That the Man in the Moon himself came down One night to drink his fill I whipped around, to see none other than a small, little over four foot tall, man dancing on the tables singing, his hand resting in his coat pocket. Hope filled me again for I knew that that man was none other than Frodo Baggins, or at least I hoped so. I rushed over to greet him, when he tripped and fell over; I saw a glimmer of gold over his head, before he vanished into thin air. Looking left and right for him I knew he would reappear in a few moments, and he did. Deciding not to interrupt this I watched as the hobbit picked himself up. After apologizing to Mr. Butterbur for the hassle he made his way upstairs toward the rooms, the cloaked man subtly walked up the stairs shortly after, no doubt he was following Frodo, so I followed him. The upper level was dark and almost devoid of light, however a lantern hanging from the stairwell quickly remedied my situation and I continued up, my heart pounding in my chest. I made my way to a door that appeared slightly ajar, summoning all my courage I leaned up against it and listened closely. "Disappear entirely that is a rare gift…frightened?...not nearly frightened….what hunts you," was all I could make out. Before I could hear anymore the door suddenly flew open, a hand reached out, grabbing me and pulling me in, throwing me onto the bed. "Who are you?" asked the cloaked man, his face now fully revealed. He had black hair which ended a little past his shoulders; it was quite unruly, tangled and curly like he had never owned a comb. "Answer me," he yelled a little louder. "M-my name is Derek," I stuttered. "Don't worry I'm a friend." As I finished three more hobbits rushed in, yelling at the stranger, just as I remembered. After knowing these three were no threat he returned his attention to me. "What did you hear?" "I know all about his task," I felt a little braver now with Sam, Merry, and Pippin present. "I also know that the Nazgul hunt him." My heart was pounding as I spoke, praying that he would believe me. "How could you know that?" asked the cloaked man, who I knew was Aragorn, or Strider at this point. "Are you a servant of the enemy?" "NO!" I shouted, fearful he may slay me in belief that I served Mordor. "I don't serve the dark lord Sauron." "And how can we trust you?" Strider asked, inching closer threateningly. "Um…um," I stuttered once more, thinking desperately of some piece of information I was aware of that could prove my allegiances. "You are Aragorn son of Arathorn…um, friend of Gandalf the Grey, the grey pilgrim who owns one of the three elven rings, he…" Before I could say another word of near-senseless babble Strider quickly closed the gap between us, slapping his palm over my mouth. "How could you possibly know the location of one of the three elven rings?" He whispered harshly." "Does it matter? I'm here to help," I responded, prying his hand off my mouth. "Were I a servant of the enemy would I not have given that information to Sauron? The road ahead is filled with danger and you could use some help" "Hmm," Strider grumbled. "Whether that story is true or not, with knowledge like that I can't simply leave you here to be discovered by the ringwraiths, you shall accompany us in our escape from Bree in the morning." None of us slept well that night, as we were awoken by shrieks from the Prancing Pony, Strider had taken us to an old house across the town. "What are they?" Frodo asked, for though he had fled from them he still did not know of their origins. "Men…once," Strider responded. "Great kings of men, who in their greed accepted the nine rings of power, eventually becoming slaves to Sauron's