I wanted to take Annabeth on a date. A peaceful one. No monsters, no gods, just the two of us somewhere in New York. Being a demigod, I didn't have a chance. First of all, I picked Annabeth up from school, where we were finishing up our senior year of high school. A harpy or two got in my way, but my dad had fit out my front bumper with Celestial Bronze, so I just drove through them. By the way, my dad's Poseidon. Ancient Greek god of the sea, though he's not so ancient. Anyway, I waited outside the school. She came out late. And by late I mean late. She came out following the crowd of everyone else by at least a minute and a half. She was holding another girl by the arm and her shirt was covered in blood. I jumped out of the car, running towards her. "Seaweed Brain!" she called. "She's a demigod. Monster attack, but we'll be fine. Two-headed Hydra, not bad at all." I shrugged. But she seemed to be fine, so they got in the car. "Hey," the girl said to me. "What's your name?" Annabeth glared daggers at her, though I don't know why. The girl was just trying to be friendly…? "I'm Percy Jackson," I said. "Annabeth explain everything to you yet?" "Kind of," she said. "And my name's Ellen. Apparently…daughter of Athena?" "Cool," I said. She seemed to be taking it well, which was good. Kind of like Nico, compared to Bianca. Damnit. Never mind. "So, we'll need to drop her off at Camp before we go on our date ," Annabeth said, emphasizing the word. "That okay?" "Sure," I said. "How old are you?" "Sixteen," Ellen answered. "Junior." I nodded. Hit the gas, and we were gone. Now, one cool thing about my car is that when my dad saw I was a responsible driver, he wrapped a lot of Mist around the car. So I could go as fast as I wanted…and the mortals would never even see me! Awesome. Anyway, we made it to Camp in twenty minutes. Annabeth walked Ellen over to our champion of Nike, Jake, who was guarding the Fleece while Peleus was on vacation, and he took her on the tour. Before he left with her, though, he told Annabeth something, which Annabeth seemed surprised about. When she came back to the car, I was burning with excitement. So I tried the subtle approach to learn what I wanted to know. "Hey," I said. "What'd Jake say?' "Well, he said that Hermes discovered Baucis and Philemon chose rebirth recently," she said. "Together, their reborn selves have opened a restaurant in New York." "Okay," I said. "You wanna go?" "Well-" she said, looking uncertain, "will that mess up your plans for tonight?" "No way," I said. And it really wouldn't. "All I'd planned for tonight was drive around until you saw somewhere you wanted to go. Their place sounds good as any." "Okay," she said. "It's a little dive called the Pitcher." "Great," I said. "Let's go." We found the place on Google Maps. Now, the thing is, demigods aren't really supposed to use technology. But we assumed since we were moving and in a nice car like this, we wouldn't be as attractive. Boy, were we wrong. We found the Pitcher pretty easily; it was small, but nice and clean inside. The only staff were two middle-aged people, man and wife. "Hello," the lady said as we entered. "Welcome to the Pitcher!" The place was empty at the moment, so she let us pick our table. We chose a four-person one, so we could both face the glass front of the place. "Hello," she said, coming over to our table with a pad of paper. "I'm Becca. And my husband over there is Phil…" The man waved at us. "Would you like to start with a drink and some appetizers?" Becca/Baucis asked us. Annabeth ordered lemon Perrier. I ordered Coke. She smiled in a genuinely friendly way and went to the kitchen, quickly bringing us our drinks. We looked at the menu. They had an impressive selection of cheese, which came with grapes and honey. However, I was kind of tired of the healthiness of the food at Camp, so I opted for a cheeseburger, barbecue sauce, onion rings, bacon, all that good stuff. Annabeth got a salad. When I raised an eyebrow, she just flicked me upside the head. As we got our food, which was cooked in record time and tasted great, the door burst open. We jumped to our feet, reaching for our weapons. In scrambled a middle aged man and a girl about our age, probably his daughter. "Father, please," she said. "This has gone on for too long. If you would just…" she stopped when she saw us. Annabeth and I sat down, but we kept a wary eye on the two. They didn't seem to be monsters, but there was something about them that didn't seem quite mortal… Becca went over to the man, who seemed like he had a serious case of ADHD. He was tapping his feet and fingers nervously, rubbing his stomach at times, and rocking back and forth violently. "Sir, would you like to start off with an appetizer or some…" He cut her off. "Sorry, ma'am, but I'm quite literally starving. Bring me the fastest meal you can cook, right away." The daughter glared at her father. "And I'll have a water, thanks." When she looked at me, I felt like she could've been a sister of mine. So like the sea, I could feel my father's aura coming from her. But she wasn't my sister… Becca came back with the water, and told the man that his meal, a cheese sandwich, would be out shortly. "Good, good," he muttered, and kept up his nervous movements. "Is it just me," I whispered to Annabeth, "or is something up with that guy." She shrugged. "I don't know. But he doesn't seem a threat." I took a nervous bite of my burger. The guy's head whipped around. His eyes narrowed when he saw me eating. "In the good days, they would be killed for such impudence," I heard him growl to his daughter. "Yes, father, but you're not a king any more, remember that," she said. Then she flashed a smile at me. Annabeth made a face. "Percy, I think you may be right. Something is off." Then the girl got up and came over to us. Annabeth put her hand on my knee. "Hello," the girl said. "Nice to meet you. My name's Mestra." I glanced at Annabeth, to see if she remembered the name. She frowned and shook her head. "Nice to meet you," she said, shaking the girl's hand. "I'm Annabeth." The girl's smile only widened. I shook too. "I'm Percy," I said. "Did you want something?" "No," she said. "But would you like…" Becca came back with the sandwich. Mestra's father took the sandwich in his fists and gulped it down while Becca was still there. I gaped, I guess, because Annabeth had to close my mouth. Mestra sighed and went over to her father. "Father, you need to try to control yourself," she said. "Control myself? Control myself! I just spent two years in unimaginable torment and you're telling me to control myself!" Something told me this guy hadn't been a P.O.W. I thought about standing up. Annabeth held me down. "Percy, if this guy turns out to be a monster, we're gonna need to save Becca and Phil. They're just mortals. And this guy looks like he could eat an elephant." True. Mestra's father had just ordered a huge meal, including but not limited to, two whole chickens, a few loaves' worth of garlic bread, and a burger like mine. I took another cautious bite. When Becca came back with the food a while later, the guy dug right in. Without missing a beat, he demolished a chicken and a truly impressive amount of fries. In one minute. For pretty much half an hour, the guy ate his way through his massive order, unfortunately taking frequent trips to the restroom. Finally the tray was full of empty plates and bowls. Then he waved Becca over. Check? No way. He ordered more. At this point, I knew he was a monster. Duh, you may be thinking. But I was on a date, not really paying attention to the guy. Until Mestra came over again. Ignoring Annabeth's glare, she leaned against the table edge. "I forgot to introduce my father," she said lazily. "His name…" she laughed. "His name's Erischthon. Funny name, isn't it?" Annabeth got to her feet. "Percy, I think we need to go." "What?" I asked. She rolled her eyes. " Outside, " she hissed at me. "Oh, okay," I said. We walked outside, having paid the bill already. When we were at the car, Annabeth said, "Erischthon's that guy who cut down the huge tree! Remember him?" Now, I knew plenty of guys who'd cut down huge trees, from Paul Bunyan to Paul my stepdad, so I wasn't quite at her train of thought yet. "Um…" I said, trying desperately to come up with a name. "Was that the guy who made the Argo?" She rolled her eyes again. Annabeth seems to do that a lot nowadays. No idea why. "Seaweed Brain, that's Argus." "But Argus is the guy with a hundred eyes!" "There were two of them. Anyway, Erischthon is this king who cut down the tree, killed a dryad, angered Demeter, and then Demeter sent Famine to go and torture him. Erischthon got hungrier and hungrier, bankrupting his kingdom to buy food, until finally he began to eat himself." "Okay, that's disgusting." "Yeah, well, it's one of the Greek classics. Deal with it." "What about his daughter?" "Well, if I remember the story right, your dad had fallen in love with her. So when this guy Erischthon needed money, he went and sold her as a slave. But your dad gave her the blessing of shapeshifting, so whenever her master's back was turned, she changed shape, and got away. So Erischthon kept selling her, but since it took too long, he finally ate himself." "So why's he back here now?" "I'm guessing he's a monster, back from Tartarus." "But not Mestra, right?" Annabeth shrugged. "I just don't know, Percy. We could ask her…" We went back inside. Erischthon was still going through plate after plate of food. Becca was watching him with slight interest and disgust. Mestra was drinking a glass of water. Annabeth and I went over to the table. Mestra smiled. "Hello again," she said. "Percy, Annabeth. My father is still very hungry from his time in Tartarus…" So we were right. And Erischthon was a monster. But it seemed like he wasn't a terrible one. Just…a ridiculously hungry guy. "So…" I said. "How long have you guys been reformed?" "We just emerged from the pit tonight," Mestra said, flashing another smile. "I feel no hunger, needing only water to sustain me. My father, on the other hand, needs food…So good that restaurants nowadays let you eat for free." Wait, what? "You do know that you will have to pay when you're done, right?" I said, slowly. Her eyes widened ridiculously. "Father." "What?" he grunted, not looking up from his pot of stew. "We will have to pay for this, the demigods say." "How did you know we were demigods?" Annabeth asked, at the same time that Erischthon said, "No." "What do you mean, no?" I asked him, and Mestra answered Annabeth, "My father smelled the buttered bread. We are monsters, you know." "I'm not going to pay ," Erischthon said. "I'm a king!" "Not here, father, you're not," Mestra said gently. "There are no kings nowadays." "Well, these are Greeks. They can pay for it." "Nope," I said. "Got