AN: Yes this is an OC story, yes it will be centered around my OC, yes there is a better reason for her joining the marauders than I want her to , no she will not be a central character in Harry Potter's story, yes she will be part of his story, yes it will go that long, yes some things will change due to her presence because I think it's pretty boring to write the same plot as the books but most of the important stuff will still happen. For instance, SPOILER James and Lily still die because that is absolutely necessary for the storyline. Also, if I ever save someone from dying, expect there to be consequences or at least a plausible reason set in motion by a previous changed event in-story. This starts in her first year and on, but first year is boring so I'll only have two or three chapters on it. Also, starting in second year, there will be chapters that focus on the marauders, and maybe some other characters like Lily, Frank, Snape, etc if I'm feeling particularly willing to share the spotlight. And most of the important story-building stuff happens in the last years of Hogwarts and after, so that'll probably be the majority of the story. A little blond girl, she couldn't have been more than eleven years old, looked around the station nervously. This was her first year; how to get onto the platform again? Oh, run through a wall. Yes, her dad was magic, but she didn't think he was crazy! "Serena, don't worry. We'll be right behind you." Her mother, a tall brunette, smiled in reassurance. She smiled wanly back; she couldn't find the gumption to be excited yet. She hadn't had a good night's sleep for a while. "Alright…" She said slowly, starting to shuffle forward. Intuitively, she knew this wouldn't work. But maybe the wall could sense fear… yes, it could sense fear and wouldn't let anyone that was nervous through. No, plenty of first years were nervous. But then how could some muggles get onto the platform and some not? Maybe it worked on belief? Then could she not get in? Wait, that didn't make sense either, seeing as she had just passed through without a problem… Anything magic can come through, and only Muggles who know? But how would the wall know- "Serena, you're going to miss the train!" Her dad's laughing finally broke through her mental debate and she blinked in confusion for a couple moments before turning and hugging them. She resolved to let the magic doorway issue drop; she could go on about it forever. "I'll miss you." She said quietly as they hugged her back. "We will too, honey." Her dad smiled. "Take care, and send us a lot of letters." Her mom added, tears pricking at her eyes as she hugged Serena closer to her. "Mom, I need to get on the train." She said quietly. "Oh, right." She said sheepishly, letting Serena go. "I'll send a letter at least once a week." She smiled as she grabbed her trolley and headed towards the train. "Excuse me, may I sit here?" Serena asked a little while later, opening the door to a compartment. Inside were three girls, two with brown hair and one with black. "Oh, of course," smiled one of the brunettes. "I'm Alice." "I'm Grace." Smiled the black haired one. "Abigail." The second brunette said, turning her nose up snobbily. "Serena Wendal. It's nice to meet you." She said quietly as she sat in the seat closest to the door. "We were just talking about what houses we wanted to be in, Serena. Do you have a preference?" Alice asked with a smile. It was obvious to Serena that Alice was the nice, outgoing, friend-making one; Abigail was probably a pure blood, as she just had that better-than-you vibe; and Grace was nice, but shy. Serena scolded herself, stopping that train of thought. She needed to stop analyzing everyone she met; that was one reason she had no friends. "Well my father was in Gryffindor, but I think I would rather be in Ravenclaw or maybe Hufflepuff. That way I wouldn't have to be in the center of house rivalry." She said after a moment. "I want to be in Gryffindor," Alice stated with a smile, "But Ravenclaw sounds good too." "Hufflepuff sounds nice…" Grace said quietly, fiddling with the necklace that she was wearing. Abigail snorted as she said that. "Hufflepuff is a house for duffers. The only place worth going is Gryffindor." Alice and Serena frowned at her and Grace looked at her lap, Serena could swear there were tears in the corner of her eyes. "Hufflepuff is where loyal and hard working people go, actually. All Gryffindor has for qualifications is that they need to be brave; they could be brain dead and mean and still get in." Serena stated, pulling out a book and starting to read so she wouldn't have to look at whatever look she was sure Abigail was giving her at the moment. She flinched when her book was slapped to the ground as Abigail stalked out of the compartment and then just stared at her lap. She already had an enemy. This was just her luck; her facts had gotten her in trouble once again, and she could already tell Abigail was going to be popular. All of Abigail's friends would hate her too. That was just wonderful. At least no one thought she was crazy yet, she just had to be more careful. But maybe everyone in the magical world could do that- no. Her father had been too surprised. He said he had never seen anything like it before. "Thank you." The quiet voice snapped Serena out of her thoughts once more; she needed to get used to being around people. The voice was Grace, who was standing in front of her and offering her the fallen book: Hogwarts a History . It was a pretty interesting book, but the whole thing seemed a little too good to be true. Serena suspected that whoever wrote it only put in the better parts. Wait- she was doing it again. "Thank you." She said quietly, taking the book and not acknowledging the expression of gratitude that Grace had given her. She didn't know how to respond, and she didn't want to come off sounding like a big-headed prick so she just pretended not to hear. Pretty much the rest of the train ride was spent with Alice and Grace talking to each other, occasionally pulling Serena into the conversation even though she was perfectly content with just continuing to read. At the point when the trolley lady came and they each bought a few things; Serena only bought chocolate frogs and a few packs of Bertie Botts. She had made it her mission to memorize what beans were what color. When the train finally stopped, Serena had gotten through the whole of Hogwarts a History and started on the first year transfiguration book. She filed out of the train with everyone else, sticking with Grace and Alice for the simple fact that they were the only ones she knew wouldn't be hostile to her. "FIRS' YEARS OV'R HERE!" Bellowed a gigantic voice. Alice and Grace looked at each other with wide eyes, but Serena just stared at the giant man. Her father had told her about him. That was Hagrid, the grounds keeper. He had been expelled from school for some reason, but Dumbledore had let him work on the grounds instead of sending him away. That made Serena think Dumbledore thought Hagrid was innocent (that was a mouthful). "Come on Serena!" Alice said, yanking on her hand to get her moving and interrupting her train of thought. "Coming." She said, walking with the two other girls towards the giant man. Giant was a good word to describe him. He wasn't like an actual giant, she had read about them, and he was much too small to be one. Of course he was also much too large to be a normal human. Could he be a half-giant? Or maybe not exactly half, but just have some giant in his ancestry. How would that work, if a human and a giant got married? It's like a mini Chihuahua and a- "FOUR TO A BOAT!" It was probably good that train of thought was stopped. "Come on, Serena. There's one right here." Grace said, pulling Serena slightly forward as Alice led the way. "Hey. I'm Alice. This is Grace, and that's Serena. What's your name?" Alice said to the lone boy in the boat. "Matt." The boy said shortly, hands clasped so tightly on his robes that his knuckles were white. He was scared. Grace and Alice saw it too, but they didn't seem scared. Should she be scared? She wasn't really; maybe she would be when it came to the sorting. There were lots of stories about the sorting, but she didn't really believe any of them. One was that each of them had to fight a troll, which would take way too long first of all, and second, how would that determine houses? If they were going by stereotypes, then it would be pretty easy. Hufflepuffs would cower, Slytherins would try to sacrifice someone else (probably a Gryffindor), Ravenclaws would somehow magically know what spell to use, and Gryffindors would charge head-on at it. But that really wouldn't prove anything, and her dad always insisted that (despite being placed in Gryffindor) he would have high-tailed it if he ever met a troll in first year. "Serena, you need to stop zoning out like that, we're already at the castle!" Alice chided, pulling Serena to her feet and out of the boat. "You're name's too long. I'm gonna call you Sear, is that alright?" "Sear?" Serena asked, but before she could inquire further, a stern-looking woman with grey hair pulled into a tight bun spoke up. "Thank you Hagrid, I will take them from here. I am Professor McGonagall, head of Gryffindor house." Serena glanced around and realized that she had once again zoned out, and they were now standing in front of a set of large double doors that probably led to the dining room. "Welcome to Hogwarts," said Professor McGonagall. "The start-of-term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your houses. The Sorting is a very important ceremony because, while you are here, your house will be something like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with the rest of your house, sleep in your house dormitory, and spend free time in your house common room. "The four houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each house has its own noble history and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts, your triumphs will earn your house points, while any rule breaking will lose house points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the house cup; a great honor. I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever house becomes yours. "The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the rest of the school. I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting." After saying that, her eyes lingered specifically over four boys. Two had black hair, one short one long, who looked like they had been rough-housing. The one with sandy blond hair looked generally shabby, and the last one was just a mess. "I shall return when we are ready for you. Please wait quietly." As soon as she left, the room exploded with noise. So much for quiet. A scream came from the back of the group, causing all first years to turn and gasp at