Dusk and Summer By- An Unknown Foreign Beauty Chapter 1- What I need is money It is the second time when she wakes up from a bad dream. Her fingers stretch out seeking for Prim's warmth, and finding her sleeping form beside her. Assured she prop herself up on one elbow. The street light pouring from the glass window beside her, gives her enough light to see her. Her little sister Prim is curled up on her side, cocooned against her body. In sleep she looks like a normal kid, which she was two years ago. Her shrunken cheeks look a bit fuller, and her bony frame still holds the life, for which she is fighting for. Her eyes are moving beneath her closed lids. Probably she is having a bad dream like her. Of course she does. Sighing, Katniss Everdreen sits up on the bed, looks at Prim's bald head, which was once full of bright golden hair. She blinks, trying to realize the truth of her baby sister fighting the battle with cancer. She doesn't know how long she can keep fighting or how long she can support her. Because she has lost her last job yesterday morning. Quietly she slips out of the bed, careful not waking Prim. She slips the dressing gown on her shoulder, and moves near the window. It is almost dawn, and the city is getting ready for another busy day. From the twenty-fifth floor, she can spot one or two people in the road, getting ready for their work. She looks at her own reflection on the glass of the window, and the dark circles that line her eyes. Her grey eyes which were once painted with smolder are now dull and hollow. Her braid lays half done on her shoulder, and she doesn't care to braid it anymore. All she knows she has to do something to get money and keep her sister alive. But after losing the job, she actually doesn't know how to do this. There is a tap at the door of the storage closet of the flat that she is sharing with the Howthorne family. This family rents the storage closet to Katniss when she decides to move in to the city after her mother's sudden admission to the mental asylum. She is still grateful for it. Truthfully, she can't even live up to this day, if not Gale Howthrone, the eldest son of the house, managed a job for her in his shop. Katniss fists a bundle of tissues to wipe away the tears at the corner of her eyes. "Come in," she calls, her voice muffled behind the tissues. Gale pokes his head from behind the door; he is already dressed for the shop. His gray eyes flickers down the length of her body before he scowls. "Catnip, you're not ready?" he says at her broken face. "It's almost time." Katniss drops her ball of tissue in a trashcan and raises her grey eyes to him, "You know the reason well, Gale." Her voice is as cold as ice, "And you were there…" "Well, well…" Gale raises his hands in surrender, "I know it very well. Besides…" His eyes give a hint of smile, "We share the same fate." Puzzled, Katniss runs her eyes down to his length, and his job uniform, "But you're still wearing the uniform…" "It's just eyewash." Gale shakes his head, a sarcastic smirk lingers to his lips, "Actually I don't want to make my family worried." Katniss watches him for a few moments, and licks her lips. Gale is the only earning member in the family. His mother and his five siblings are still dependent on his earning. She glances at Prim's sleeping form, and then moves her eyes to Gale, "But how?" "After you storm out from the shop, I tried to stand up for you." He smiles lightly, "I tried to tell the manager that you can't steal the cash. But he is a thick headed man." "It was a conspiracy." Katniss nodes, as Gale spreads out the bread he has brought for Prim. "Mother sent it for her." He settles the plate down while Katniss peeps inside the refrigerator. It is empty. Gale follows her, but continues pretending that he hasn't noticed. "I guess, Prim doesn't know either." He leans against the wall watching the sick girl sleeping peacefully in the bed. "No," Letting a sigh to escape, Katniss closes the refrigerator and turns to find Gale, "I wonder how I'll tell her." "You don't have to." Gale replies quietly, taking her hand, "Just give her eyewash as I do." It isn't the best idea, but looking at Prim's peaceful sleeping face Katniss decides to obey him. He can be her brother, she thinks. With the same grey eyes, dark hair and olive skin. But still there is something about him, she doesn't know. They support each other in hard times, like this one. She knows it after living with him for so many years. She always admires him for this quality. Quietly she dresses up in her job uniform. And it gives Katniss the satisfaction that she hasn't face Prim with the harsh reality. Then she arranges all the foods on the table for Prim, and leaves a note on the fridge. Then she opens the door, and slips into the roads of the city with Gale. The city isn't as merciful as it looks from outside. Finding a job is the hardest work in this place. So, at the end of the day, Katniss finds herself standing in front of a bar, watching the people dancing and eating inside. The sight of the foods makes her stomach growl, and subconsciously she licks her lips. She just forgets how hungry she is. "Hungry, Catnip?" A voice says from behind. Katniss startles to find Gale standing behind her, with a sarcastic smirk on his face. "Hmm…" she turns her eyes away from him, and continues staring at the people eating inside. "I just guess how lucky they are to have so much money!" "And they also know how to waste it." Gale lets out a laugh, pointing at a blonde haired man, holding five bottles in the crook of his elbow at once. He is growling with the waiter about something. "When we don't have single money to buy a loaf of bread, he just drinks them away." "Yes," Katniss sees the man opening a bottle of champagne, and taking a sip from it. The memories of the Christmas party she had long ago, when her father brought two bottles of champagne to their home, flashes across her mind. And also milkshake. Prim loves milkshake. She forgets how it actually tastes. "What a wastage!" She sighs watching the man begging for another. But this time she finds the blonde man arguing on something with the waiter. She narrows her eyes, trying to realize the fact, and then she notices the blonde man's empty wallet on the table. So he is running out of money. Suddenly she feels a surge of savage happiness to see another person in the same condition like herself, but then something disturbs her thoughts. The waiter who is arguing with the blonde man, grabs his collar, and lands his sturdy fist on his jaw, knocking the drunken man off his chair. The glass in his hand shatters, sending the blood red liquor running on the floor. She is supposed to be happy to see another filthy rich man turning into a bottomless pit. But somehow it reminds her of her own past, when she was thrown out of a food shop, because she was out of money. The waiter drags the man to the door, and kicks his bottom. The drunken man rolls to the street like a rag doll right at her feet. "Filthy bottomless pit." The waiter throws a disgusted look at the man, and Katniss standing behind him. Once again, she remembers Prim's helpless look when the waiter snatches the food out of her hand. She remembers her tears. When the waiter turns back to kick the drunken man again, she retrieves a knife from her pocket and throws at the waiter, missing his throat for an inch. She braces herself to deflect his hit, but it doesn't come. Because the drunken man somehow manages to get on his feet and punches the waiter, knocking him to the ground. Two more waiters appear behind them, one to help their fallen colleague; another is ready to punch the drunken man. People peer though the glass windows to enjoy the impending fight. Before he can land his fist on the drunken man, Gale punches the waiter down. "Come," He says, taking Katniss's hand. The hell breaks loose. Katniss obeys Gale, and follows him, without worrying about the drunken man. Few more people in waiter's uniforms appear from the bar, pointing at them. Gale takes a glance of their followers and leads Katniss forward. "Wait here." He shoves her in the alley, and he takes a different way. Katniss watches him disappearing inside a trashcan. And soon their followers appears, completely puzzled with their sudden disappearance. Katniss holds her breath, and sees them taking a different path. She waits in the darkness for a while, thinking about their followers to return. But no, they don't. Letting a sigh to escape, she looks at the trashcan. She must get Gale out of it, before he smells horrible. Cautiously she turns, only to find the man for whom she got into trouble a moment ago. "Very impressive." The drunken man steps forward, taking a sip from the liquor bottle which he has managed to steal in this commotion. "You're really a piece of work." His expression is very much sober. "You.." Katniss approaches him carefully, with a pure disgust in her face. Her expression brings a small smile to his lips. Katniss can't decide whether it from joy or disgust. "You don't seem very happy to meet me." She can't even read this man. A moment ago he was only a drunken jerk, and now he is speaking like he is someone important. And his words are biting. Katniss swallows her confusion. Whatever he is, she doesn't care. She lifts her chin, and look into his eyes, "There is no reason to be happy to see a rich man turning into a bottomless pit." "I can see that in your eyes girl." He licks his lips and takes another sip from his bottle, "And I must say I'm not happy to meet you either." Katniss frowns. Anger begins to creep up inside her, but looking into his clear blue eyes, she decides to swallow her temper. "May I know the reason?" "No one is happy to meet the hungry eyes watching me while I eat." Her cheeks flush, but she decides not to let it show. But the man continues, ignoring her angry expressions, "Although my money is running out, but I don't like to be in debt in some petite girl like you." Katniss stops herself from attacking the man. "What do you mean?" Instead she lets her works flow through her gritted teeth, "If you think I'm here to beg money from you, and then you're wrong. I may lost my job, or have a sister fighting with cancer, but that doesn't make me to beg money from a man like you, who waste them in unnecessary things. The money you've spent for your liquor in one month can prolong my sister's life for another." He licks his lips, his gray eyes flickering with the same stubborn flame that Katniss' holds. He seems to consider her words and then shakes his head as if he is just coming to the answer for the first time. "Is that me or my liquor you hate, sweetheart?" His lips curl with a smirk. Again he is acting very confusing. She can't hate this man either, but