Posting of Story & Feedback: Greetings all. I have completely finished writing this short story (21,344 words in total and split into 10 chapters), however, unlike in the past where I uploaded a completed story in one day, I am going to trial posting the chapters over several days. If you choose to leave feedback the only thing I would ask is that any criticism you may choose to make be constructive. As fair warning to any Thranduil haters out there my portrayal of his character will be much more favourable than as written for the movies. Author's Note: This A/N is just to give some basic background to the story so if you want to skip it feel free. It may be a bit lengthy, but rest assured I certainly will not be putting ones of similar length at the start of each chapter! :) This story could possibly be considered a sequel to my Hobbit story (The Revelation of Truth) as there are some minor references to events in that story, but there are no major plot points that tie into it. Although I probably should have been solely focused on my own original work I could not resist writing this when inspiration struck. The idea for this story came to me when I was on holiday in Ireland last year and had the opportunity to see some of their beautiful woodlands. They truly are the real Elven kingdoms of our world! I hoped I might meet an Elf in one of them! Sadly, this did not occur. :'( The main idea for this story is based on my own curiosity as to what transpired in Mirkwood leading up to Legolas' revelation at the Council of Elrond that Gollum had escaped. I spent a lot of time perusing LOTR (including the Appendices – in particular Appendix B), Unfinished Tales, The Hobbit, The Silmarillion and Morgoth's Ring (from Christopher Tolkien's The History of Middle Earth) to confirm a proper timeframe for specific events and obtain information pertaining to the innate character of the Elves, along with their physical, spiritual and (if you like) magical natures. The two main quotes that struck me as quite significant (so far as this story's plot is concerned) are:- "The Wood-elves have him in prison, but they treat him with such kindness as they can find in their wise hearts." – Gandalf to Frodo in Fellowship of the Ring, Book 1, Chapter 2 – The Shadow of the Past "How came the folk of Thranduil to fail in their trust?" "Not through lack of watchfulness, but perhaps through over-kindliness…we had not the heart to keep him ever in dungeons under the earth." – Legolas to Aragorn in Fellowship of the Ring, Book 2, Chapter 2 – The Council of Elrond These quotes are quite important to the plot as they allow a glimpse into the character of Thranduil who as king was the only one who held the authority to permit Gollum's walks in the forest. And as we saw in The Hobbit (the book NOT the movie!) when he believed he had a band of thieving dwarves on his hands, he did possess the power to command that any prisoner "not be allowed to pass the doors of their little prisons". On the subject of Thranduil, I do not write him as PJ and his scriptwriters did. As my favourite character from when I first read both The Hobbit and LOTR as a child (a bit before the movies came out!), I have always had my own idea on what he would be like and therefore my main source of inspiration for his character are Professor Tolkien's own words on him and on the intrinsic nature of Elves. The only thing I took from the movies was Lee Pace's physical appearance and his emotive performance (certainly not the appalling script they gave him!). Therefore, the relationship between Thranduil and Legolas is much warmer and closer to what a normal elven father/son bond should be. I will also mention that in this story Aragorn is referred to only as Strider or Estel. For those of you who are curious or have not been able to read certain books, at the end of each chapter posted I will attempt to give a full reference to the main quotes/materials that assisted me with particular aspects of the story. As there were quite a few source materials and quotes I may forget to mention some, so I do apologise in advance. :) Acknowledgement: As mentioned in my Hobbit story, I would like to acknowledge the website www . arwen-undomiel for the variety of elven names that are not recognised as being original Tolkien creations. I would also like to once again acknowledge fellow member AzureSkye23 for their wonderful idea of encouraging stories that contain canon Thranduil. If you have not yet checked out their story 'Arkenstone' I highly recommend it. A special thank you must go to YouTube account holder Suki Wong for her lovely video entitled "Lee Pace/Thranduil MV: Memories". It certainly helped inspire my imagination and is a beautiful tribute to a fantastic character and the song is now one of my favourites. Please check it out for yourself if you can – I am sure you will not regret it. :) Dedication: Finally, I will end this rather long introduction with the same dedication as in my Hobbit story: I dedicate this fanfic to "the greatest king" of the woodland realm, Thranduil, and of course to the wonderful Professor Tolkien without whom this beautiful character and the rest of Middle Earth would not exist. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. DISCLAIMER: I do not own the recognised characters mentioned in this story. They by right belong to Professor JRR Tolkien , creator of the Middle Earth world and all associated novels, including The Hobbit, Lord of the Rings and Unfinished Tales. Any recognised dialogue/events pertaining to The Hobbit, Lord of the Rings or Unfinished Tales are the property of Professor JRR Tolkien . The unrecognised dialogue/events of the story are from my own imagination and represent my impression on the actions, thoughts and feelings of the characters surrounding the aforementioned recognised events. I am not making any profit from this story. THE PROVIDENCE OF MERCY " The quality of mercy is not strain'd, it droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven… 'Tis mightiest in the mightiest: it becomes the throned monarch better than his crown." – William Shakespeare (The Merchant of Venice) Part 1 – Journey into Mirkwood For many the sight of the dark shadow of Mirkwood Forest would evoke a sense of dread; its once tranquil and pleasant wood now infested with creatures of unspeakable evil that preyed upon unwary travellers, despite the untiring efforts of the Wood-Elves to quell their numbers. However, to the tall, grim-faced and travel-weary man that approached the entrance to the ancient elven path on the forest's western border in the early hours of the morning, there was only an overwhelming sense of relief that his unpleasant task was almost done. 'Move!' The sharp order to the wretched creature in front of him elicited only a miserable whine and a muttered curse, followed by a hoarse, ' gollum! ' Tightening his grip on the halter around his prisoner's neck, the man suppressed the desire to kick the treacherous thing that had led both he and Gandalf on a long and arduous search of several years; a search that had taken them to the perilous Mountains of Shadow and the borders of Mordor. 'Wretched we are, precious, yess, wretched,' the creature moaned weakly. 'Nasty man hurts us, gollum, gollum . Takes us and not a crumb does he feeds us! No, indeed, precious. We curses him, yess, curses him forever we does.' Ignoring his prisoner's complaints, the man silently examined the huge and gnarled tree trunks that guarded the forest's edge, their twisted branches bearing a host of long, dark leaves that provided a protective shield for the more peaceful, though still quite dangerous, inhabitants of the forest. A strong sense of elf-magic also pervaded the area. 'NO!' The horrible shriek was immediately followed by the creature scrambling backwards, its scrawny body desperately seeking to escape as its enormous eyes stared fearfully into the forest. 'Wants to take us to see Elves, fierce Elves filled with nasty light that burns! No, we won't go, precious.' Having brought the creature's movements to a forceful stop with a short jerk on the halter, the man gave a harsh warning: 'be silent; or I shall replace the binding over your mouth.' Snivelling miserably, the creature shot a malevolent look toward the man but did not dare utter another word. However, a very different voice did speak; the stern, but not unpleasant, sound coming from inside the hidden depths of the forest. 'Declare your name and allegiance prior to entering the Woodland Realm of Mirkwood,' it commanded, 'ere we place our own binding upon you.' Straightening to his full height, the man looked in the direction of the voice. 'I am known by several names,' he replied, his words spoken fluently in the elven-tongue. 'I am friend to Gandalf the Grey and known to your own king, Thranduil, son of Oropher. I hold captive the one called Gollum.' A moment of silence passed. Then, from out of the forest stepped a tall, fair Elf, arrayed in garments of green and brown with white gems sparkling on his collar and belt; the arrow fitted to his bow was pointed with deadly precision at the man. 'Such information may easily have been learnt by a servant of Sauron who would seek to deceive us,' he declared. 'Even your appearance may be a deceit. If you truly are who you have claimed to be then I shall demand proof of it.' A small smile, lightly tinged with humour, softened the man's grim countenance. 'You are Legolas, son of Thranduil,' he stated, 'and your father once had to reprimand you for attempting to drink a glass of Dorwinion wine when you were but a year old in the age of men.' The arm holding the bow slowly lowered and the severe expression in the Elf's eyes began to lessen. 'Only my parents and one other knew of that occasion so it is certainly not a story of which the enemy would have any knowledge! Whom do I have to thank for revealing it to you?' The smile on the man's face deepened. 'When your father visited Imladris for the last time when I was a child he caught me attempting to do the same thing. He made the comparison between us quite clear. He also mentioned that given it was potent enough to make even hard-headed Elves drowsy, a child from the race of men should certainly wait until they were quite advanced in age before consuming it.' 'Wise counsel that I am sure you heeded, Estel,' Legolas replied laughing. 'In this one's presence I am known only as Strider and I would prefer to keep it that way.' His eyes narrowing in suspicion as he looked down at the whimpering creature that was shying away from the sight of Legolas, Strider explained, 'there are few who can say they have been into the very heart of Mordor and lived to tell the tale. This creature is one; but there is a great sense of malice about him and I do not trust his seeming escape from the enemy. When your borders drew near I must confess that I was heartily relieved in the knowledge that I would soon be free of his company.' His light footsteps leaving no mark on the ground as he walked toward his friend, Legolas glanced at the cringing, emaciated form of the creature and, with all his former mirth vanished, said solemnly, 'I am sorry that our greeting was not the warm welcome