Well this is my second time-travel story, but this one only goes back three years instead of thirty, so hopefully it'll be a bit different to others that are out there. This one (I hope) has a different beginning than we normally see, but I do like history to rewrite itself with this type of story, so Harry Potter will be 17 and the Harry of the original universe is David Potter, 14. David has the scar, but Harry is still the BWL. I quite like the name Three Turns Later , so I think I'll stick with that for now. Obviously, anyone or anything recognisable belongs to JKR and no copyright infringements are intended. This is a blanket disclaimer for the whole story, so there will not be one each chapter. AU. Harry mysteriously gets a letter and a Time-Turner from Dumbledore (after his death) when he goes to the Room of Requirement after breaking up with Ginny. The letter said he should go back to his parents' Seventh Year and save everyone from the First Blood War, but he ignores the old Headmaster's advice and goes back three years, to 1994 where he meets David Potter, his 14-year-old brother who bares the lightning scar from Voldemort's curse rebounding off of Harry. Join Harry in rewriting history from 1994 for Quidditch, girls, Tournaments and Voldemort as he stops the Dark Lord's rise supporting by his family. "No," Harry said as he was talking to Ginny in the Gryffindor Common Room. "Hermione is like the sister I never had. I've never had any feelings for her that weren't platonic." Ginny nodded and smiled as though she had a lot on her mind, but then she just walked up and hugged Harry. "Why do I feel like this is goodbye?" he asked as she stepped back, understanding his reasoning for going after the Horcruxes the way he was, with only Hermione and Ron for company. "Because it's easier to say goodbye," she replied. "And then see you later, than it is to say I'll see you later and then never see you again." She started letting tears silently fall down her face, but then she pushed him towards the door, without giving him a chance to look back at her. As he got out of the door, he turned to find that the Fat Lady's portrait had closed over the entrance to the Common Room and she would not give him access. He walked over to the Room of Requirement to let off some steam, and decided that he wished that Voldemort had been properly defeated the first time. When Hermione and Ron came into the Room to check on him, Ron punched him between the eyes, breaking his glasses and probably his nose, then walked out to go find his sister and comfort her. Hermione, despite Harry thinking she would slap him for breaking Ginny's heart, repaired his glasses just like she had on the first train ride to Hogwarts. She confessed that she wished that Voldemort would have been defeated properly the first time. To both of their surprise, the Room provided them with a Time-Turner, which also came with a note that looked to be written in Albus Dumbledore's handwriting. Harry, If you are reading this, then I have failed to keep Tom Riddle away from the world. This Time-Turner is not the average Time-Turner – it turns back years instead of hours – it is a device of my own creation and will rewrite history to fit you into whatever time period you travel to. You are also unlikely to be in the company of your friend Ronald, only your friend Hermione; if I am truly honest, I did not expect your friendship to last through the Triwizard Tournament after what happened when your name came out of the Goblet of Fire. It is up to you when you go back, but you will stay your current age; personally I would recommend twenty-one years ago, which is when your parents were finishing their fifth year at Hogwarts. As I said, history would rewrite and you would be remembered by others for things that you yourself have not done, but you would be able to recall them as though you had. Whatever time you do go back to, give this letter to the past (or would it be present?) me and I will know what has happened. Yours in good faith, A.P.W.B.D. June 1997 "Hermione?" asked Harry. "Did you know that Dumbledore made his own Time-Turner?" She shook her head and he continued. "He said it could turn back years instead of hours. He thinks I should go back to when my parents were finishing their OWLs. But I don't think that I should." She made to speak but he cut her off abruptly. "Hear me out Hermione. If I go back just three years, to the end of third year, I'll be entering my seventh year and I'll be able to stop Cedric dying and stop Voldemort from coming back. I might even be able to get Sirius' name cleared by getting Pettigrew. And with everything that I had to do for the Tournament in fourth year, I'll have a better chance of getting him than I did in third year. Before you even say it, I know that revenge on Pettigrew won't get my parents back, but at least it'll free Sirius. That Harry will have a godfather that's able to be there for him – it's something I never got Hermione!" "Harry, I think we should do what Professor Dumbledore said and go back to 1976," replied Hermione, but Harry cut her off. "It doesn't matter what Dumbledore said Hermione," he yelled. "He's dead and he is never coming back, just accept that. He can't control my life anymore, so you can come back with me or stay here. Either way, I'm going back to the end of third year. I guess I'll see you whether you're fourteen or seventeen." He shrugged and turned to grab the Time-Turner. He turned back to Hermione and said, "Last chance to join me Hermione. I'm going to go whether or not you want me to." When she didn't move, he turned the Time-Turner and with a swirl of magic, he was gone into the currents of time; alone. "Harry Potter! Where have you been?" yelled Angelina Johnson. "Wood's been looking everywhere for you. We have a team meeting in ten minutes; it's in the Common Room because everyone had to go look for you." "Angelina," replied Harry. "Get everyone to come to the corridor with Barnabus the Barmy teaching trolls to dance the ballet. I have a place to show you all. Tell Wood that there won't be any spies able to overhear our conversation and he'll come." Sure enough, Wood did come, and within five minutes the entire Gryffindor Quidditch team, including reserves, were waiting outside the Room of Requirement, although only Harry knew what it truly was. When he started pacing outside the Room, the team thought that he was going crazy, until the third pace, when a door appeared out of nowhere. The whole team, minus Harry, was shocked, and when the door opened to reveal a room with all the things a good Quidditch team meeting needed, they all barged in through the door and had to look around the Room. "Well, Harry. How'd you do it?" asked a voice from behind Harry. When he turned around, he saw a person that could have been confused for a young James Potter, if it wasn't for the lack of glasses and the neat hair that had a red shine to it when the light hit it just right. "Wouldn't you like to know David?" Harry cheekily grinned, because that felt like the right thing to do at the time. "Do you want to get a private room with Katie? Hmm?" Harry chuckled at his younger brother's beetroot red face and turned away when he heard Wood calling him over. "Potter, quit teasing your brother and get over here!" yelled Wood. The seventh year Keeper, who was extremely excited about the Quidditch match the next day, although he maintained a calm exterior persona while he was addressing his team. When Harry finally walked over, followed by David, who was glaring mutinously at the back of Harry's head, Wood began talking strategy. "Potter." When both Potters looked up, Wood corrected his speech. " David , you always end up getting hurt by the end of the year. I want you to do your best to avoid one of your adventures until after the Final if you must. Harry, make sure he doesn't do anything stupid. If you have to, write to your mother if he gets any ideas," Wood elaborated, while jabbing a thumb at David. "Spinnet, Johnson. You two and Harry need to get as many points as you can. Slytherin used some dirty tactics against us, and we got a lot of penalties, but if we're going to stand a chance of a rematch against them in the Final, we need to beat Hufflepuff by 300 points, but that includes the Snitch, so David wait until we're 150 points up before you catch the Snitch," said Wood passionately. "Our Ravenclaw match was postponed so that's on after lunch tomorrow. We just need to beat Ravenclaw but we need the points against Hufflepuff. Fred, George I want one of you to keep a keen eye on Diggory, he's their best chance at getting points at the moment, and I heard that their Chasers are arguing. We won't be so lucky against Ravenclaw so both of you, just take out anybody that you can." He turned to everyone in the Room. "I don't want you to waste your energy against Hufflepuff just to burn out against Ravenclaw and lose. This is the best Gryffindor team that I have seen in my seven years, so that trophy should have been ours last year, but the teachers betrayed us and cancelled Quidditch. Each of you has the ability to win us the trophy, so I want each of you to be playing your hardest tomorrow in both matches." He looked at Harry, Angelina and Alicia. "Chasers, I'm going to let the reserves start against Hufflepuff, so that you aren't dead on your broom for Ravenclaw. Reserve Chasers, front and centre!" When he said that, Ginny Weasley, Katie Bell and Romilda Vane moved from the back of the crowd. "You three will be starting tomorrow against Hufflepuff, but if you don't work hard, you'll be quickly benched and the starters will be put on straight away. Do you understand?" They all agreed that they understood. Katie nodded frustratingly, because she had been able to try out for the team in her second year, but that boy Harry Potter had been too good at the time. He was better now, possibly the best Chaser at Hogwarts, but Katie was better now as well. She wanted to prove that she was good enough to play Chaser for Gryffindor. She didn't dislike Harry, but he wasn't her favourite person in the world. "Good morning wizards and witches!" came the voice of Lee Jordan through the magically enhanced megaphone. "Today we have, not one, but two matches for you today! As you know, Madam Hooch has decided to introduce a final for the Houses to face off for the Quidditch Cup. Today's matches are both Gryffindor matches. The scheduled Gryffindor vs Hufflepuff match will be played this morning, and after a lunch break, the postponed Gryffindor vs Ravenclaw match will be played. At the moment Ravenclaw will play Slytherin in the Final in two weeks' time, but Gryffindor can replace Ravenclaw in that match if they win both matches." He introduced the Hufflepuff team, and it was time to introduce the Gryffindor team. "Today for Gryffindor, we have the reserve Chasers starting the match