Hello!! Blood here!! I know it has been forever since I have done anything on ff, but I do have an excuse! School work is horrible and I have been doing sooo much wiht horsebackriding and clubs that I have had next to no time on the computor! Please forgive me!!! If anyone who is reading this is reading my Ghost Hunt story I am soooo sorry! I will get around to updating that eventually! I promise! This story was actually a school assignment. The assignment was for creative writing and it was to choose a character from a piece of literature and write a prequal about that character. I chose LoTR and Eowyn. First of all I have never really liked Eowyn but I tried to keep her in charcter! Also, there is no Araforn in this! I know it is a Romance but you'll see more if you read it! Anyway, feedback is apreciated! Disclaimer: BLOOD OF THE WOLF OWNS NOTHING!!! EXCEPT PLOT AND THE ORIGINAL CHARACTERS! DON'T SUE ME PLEASE! Turning the Heart to Stone "Eowyn! Oh Lady Eowyn, where are you? Oh where in Eorl's name has that girl run off to?!" The grey-haired woman swept past the stables, her scarlet gown billowing about her stout figure as she searched for her young charge. She was flustered to the state of calling upon the name of the first king and exasperation had etched grave lines into her age-worn features. Her deep voice, capable of both bringing a misbehaving child to hand and soothing the fears of a nightmare, broke through the air. She started to mumble under her breath, "Her uncle is going to be here soon and that cursed girl has run off again! Oh! What am I going to do with her? If only her sweet mother was here, rest her poor soul. I swear Lady Theodwyn is sending curses down upon me for not keeping track of her daughter! What if that fool child runs into a warg pack? Or worse, what if she runs into one of her uncle's political rivals?! Oh no! Oh dear!" The castle nurse kept muttering to herself, beginning to panic as her imagination started to go wild with horrifying things that could be happening to her young Lady. Finally she stopped herself, "No, she's probably back at the kitchens begging a sweet from the cook, yes, that's it, it's got to be." Nodding briskly to herself, Sophia turned and stormed toward the kitchen, a stern scolding already falling from her lips. No sooner had the robust woman disappeared down the lane than a golden head poked over the edge of the hayloft. Once the blonde could no longer hear the woman, she scrambled down the ladder and ducked into a stall. The animal whose stall the girl had chosen as refuge regarded the girl-child with white-rimmed eyes and flaring nostrils. She stood tall for a human of fifteen years and her hair, the color of sun-ripened-wheat, had come loose from her waist long plait and much of it framed her face in wispy strands. A simple silver circlet kept the loose locks from getting in her eyes and served as the only evidence of her high rank. Her well-made green wool dress was ripped and stained. Dirt smudged her freckled face. She was no courtly beauty, but neither was she an ugly hag, in fact many found her to be quite pretty. "Hey there Alyr, easy boy." Her voice was soft and sweet to hear and the gelding's ears pricked forward. He let loose a low throaty nicker and thrust his large nose into her arms, nuzzling her and searching for the customary treat. Eowyn laughed at the horse as she happily supplied him with a red apple she had smuggled from the kitchens. She gave the horse a pat and left to grab his brushes and tack. Alyr leaned gratefully into her as she brushed away dirt from his red-brown coat. He sighed deeply in pleasure and with a fully body shake released a cloud of dust into the air, twisting his neck to let her reach all of his itchiest spots. Eowyn smiled at his antics and placed his silver and green pad on his back and then fastened his saddle in place above it. She pulled his bridle over his head and secured it, careful not to get the many pieces of leather tangled in each other. She cast a wary glance about the barn before stepping out of the stall, her gelding alongside her. "Oh, 'ello Li'el Eowyn, ar ya taking Alyr ou' fa' 'a ou'in'?" Eowyn froze at the sound of another human in the stable. Numbness swept through her as her visions of a clean getaway slipped from her fingers. Her shoulders slumped in dejection and she turned to face the head hostler. Glaradhl smiled at the girl, his eyes twinkling with humor, "A' ya' goin ta the East Forest o' the fields?" He laughed as the girl glowed with a hopeful expression on her face and gave her a playful wink. "Jus' make shu'r ya back in time fur ya un'le's arrival, ya fa'er would wan' t'ya ta be 'ere fa yur brother an ya ta keep Theodred an 'is frien's n'tertained." Eowyn face twisted in a grimace at the thought of spending even one minute in her arrogant cousin's company much less his obnoxious companions. "Eomer can deal with them, he actually likes spending time with them." With that she placed a booted toe into the stirrup and swung her leg over Alyr's back. Alyr tossed his head and pranced as his mistress got settled in her seat, eager to run and get out of the city. "Good-bye Glaradhl! I'll be back before my uncle's arrival!" Eowyn turned her gelding's head to the Ertswild road and set off at a brisk trot, Alyr's ground-eating stride had them out of the city in virtually no time at all. Once Eowyn could no longer see the castle gates she leaned forward and gave Alyr the cue to speed up. They passed by the cool waters of the swimming hole where on summer days the city children could be seen playing in the water to cool off. There were no children today, there would be no more in fact for a few months, until the heat of the summer returned. Shortly beyond the pond the winding road disappeared into the cover of the East Forest. The trees were clothed in shining reds and brilliant golds. They resembled the court of her uncle, King Theoden, with his finely dressed courtiers. However, Eowyn much preferred the company of these regal beings than the opinionated members of the royal court. She brought Alyr back down to an easy walk as the path narrowed and became crossed by fallen branches and tree roots that a running horse could easily trip on and break their necks. Eventually their path widened back up into a small clearing. Alyr paused and let loose a brief whinny, being answered by a dark grey mare. Eowyn dismounted and loosened his girth to allow him to eat. The gelding rubbed his forehead against her shoulder, knocking her back, before walking away to join the mare by a patch of green grass. Strong arms encircled her waist and lips brushed her ear, "I was about to think you weren't coming." Eowyn smiled and turned to look into a pair of dark blue eyes. "Don't you have any faith in me at all?" Sykl grinned down at the girl in his arms and planted a loving kiss on her forehead, "Of course I do, just not on your sense of timing." He released her and she punched him lightly in the arm. "Oh! Fair Maiden, how you wound me!" He grabbed his chest and twisted his face as though in great pain, falling to his knees, "I shall die of a broken heart! My love hath forsaken me!" "Hey!" Eowyn scowled at her childhood friend turned lover, "Knock it off!" Sykl laughed at her irritation, "You know, you look so cute when your mad at me." Eowyn childishly stuck her tongue out at him, "Flattery won't help your case at all." Even as she said this her lips twitched into a grin. Sykl saw this and smiled goofily back at her, his expression so absurd that she just had to laugh. "You should know that after all this time you can't stay mad at me!" "Whatever," Eowyn's harsh words were blunted by the smile on her lips. The two of them went to the horses and tightened their girths, preparing to go on their weekly ride. "Let's go meet Dera and Morne at the crossing." Sykl nodded and they turned down the path that Eowyn had entered by. "How's Eomer? I haven't heard from him lately." Eowyn rolled her eyes, "My dear brother has decided that he has no more time to spare with the people of the land, he has to learn how to fight and kill and take over after father dies. He's too busy to even talk to me anymore." Sykl frowned and as Eowyn went on his frown deepened, "It's not just him, everyone has begun to act strangely, I mean, Sophia has been making me stay away from the barn and stay inside for lessons. I had to hide out in the hayloft in order to make it out here today." "I'm sure it's not all that bad." Eowyn glared at him, "My father keeps insisting that I can't leave the castle without an armed escort." Sykl whipped his head around, "What?!" His words were surprisingly forceful and Eowyn just stared at him, struck dumb. The horses came to a halt. "Eowyn, there is probably a reason that your father wouldn't want you off of the keep grounds alone, what if someone's issued a threat? Rohan has enemies Eowyn, and you make a damned good target for anyone who wants to hurt the stability of the kingdom." Eowyn gaped slack-jawed at him. "We have to get you back to the castle, let's go." "But Sykl-" No! We are going back." Eowyn was actually so alarmed by the sudden change in attitude of her lover and long-time friend that she just sat there, eyes filling with tears as he led them forward out of the woods. Just as they were about to leave the cover of the trees Sykl paused and looked back at Eowyn. His chest tightened at the sight of tears on her cheeks, pained with the knowledge that he had put them there. "Hey," his voice was soft, "I'm sorry, I just worry about you, and I know your father does too. Please, just promise me that next time you come out you'll at least bring Detran with you." Eowyn's eyes flashed at the mention of her father's Captain of the Guard, "I think I'd rather not come out at all then to be forced to have a nursemaid with me where I go." Sykl moved Tryx alongside Alyr so that his knee touched Eowyn's. He reached out one hand and cupped her cheek, leaning forward he placed a kiss on her brow before resting his forehead against hers. "Please Love." Eowyn's shoulders slumped in resignation. "Come on Eowyn, let's give Tryx and Alyr a good run, they really do need it." Eowyn glanced up at Sykl and gave him a lopsided grin, "Are you sure your pride can take losing to a girl?" "You'd have to beat me first." "Prepare to lose!" Much of Eowyn's good humor had returned. Their horses sprang forward. Eowyn, perfectly poised above Alyr's withers, urged the strong gelding to overtake Sykl and his mare, but Sykl was known for his horsemanship and the two were neck-in-neck as they rounded to the straight-away that led to the swimming hole. With the finish line in sight, the two competitors pressed harder at their