Night Shift Trigger warnings : Depictions of violence, blood and substance abuse. This is a story about murder after all. Also, I would like to state that I am a medic and I have work in psychiatric hospitals, but this is set in a fictional place with fictional laws so there is a lot of creative license. Night shifts are usually calm and quiet. Sometimes one of the patients on the left wing—the ones that are here because they have some sort of addiction—gets anxious and tries to escape, probably to have a drink, a sniff or whatever they do, but most nights there are no altercations. We simply take turns to make rounds and watch the patients on the monitor. That is why these are my favorite shifts. I've been working here two nights, while also doing a day shift for the past three weeks. I don't get paid for it, but it will look great on my application for Nurse School next year. And it's a great place to work. The nurses and the doctors all have been very nice to me and seem very pleased with my work. I don't do much either, but I learn a lot from my coworkers, and in the night shifts I am allowed to study a little, which is a lot more that I would do at home where the internet is constantly distracting me. There is no reason for me to suspect this night shift would be any different, until everything is turned upside down with his arrival well after 3 am. The air becomes instantly electric, and the patients all seem to sense it. Nobody is in their rooms, despite our orders for them to go back to them, when the doors burst open and his screams interrupt the, so far, calmness of the night. I don't get to see him at first. I am too busy moving the rest of the patients into the next room, while he is being flanked by at least three police officers. Nobody told us he was coming in, so the nurses immediately panic since they are nowhere ready to sedate him. I can hear them running around in the nurse station, preparing the sedative, directing the officers to take the new inmate to the available room. When another volunteer relieves me, I go to see how I can help. I pride myself of being very good at my work, very careful of how I treat the patients and quick on my feet at every situation. But nothing prepares me for what I see when I reach the room where they are trying to hold him down. His eyes are blood-shot and out of focus, no trace of the shining blue I remember but completely black from his dilated pupils. His golden curls are disheveled and covered in what seems to be dried blood. His face is contorted in a mixture of pain, anger and fear, and his movements are erratic and wild. But I still recognized him. Even though he looks nothing like himself, like the boy I remember sharing a classroom in school with for fourteen years, the boy who gave me his sandwich the day when I was eleven and I didn't bring lunch because my mother was too depressed over my father and sister's deaths to remember to make me lunch in the first place. And I am frozen in my spot when he turns to me and looks at me right in the eye. At first I think he recognizes me, the way he zeros in on me across the room. The way he launches himself at me, maybe I think he is coming to ask for my help. I can't even explain to myself why I don't react. But then his hands are around my throat, squeezing the air out of me. I panic, knowing I have no chance to defend myself from this strong, wild man, but then I see the rage draining out of his features and the hold on my neck loosens until they can pull him away from me. I hold my neck in my hands, caressing the bruised skin, while the personnel carries the now unconscious Peeta Mellark to his bed, where he'll be restrained. Nurse Boggs, a tall, dark skinned man, who apparently was the responsible for saving me, looks at me with a mixture of amusement and concern. "Go take a break, Miss Katniss" he says, dismissing me from the room. I walk away from the scene, feeling utterly defeated and very confused. I never knew much of Peeta Mellark, but it's still hard to reconcile this image with the memories of a smiley boy with golden curls and a sunny disposition. And he was brought here by police officers, which usually indicates some sort of alleged crime. "Everdeen, wait up" a familiar voice brings me back from my eerie thoughts. I look around to find a mop of curly red hair and bright eyes looking curiously at me. "Someone it's a little distracted today. You walked right by me and didn't even notice" Darius pouts, feigning being hurt. His childish attitude makes me laugh, a completely ridiculous image for a man wearing a police officer uniform. "Sorry, Darius. That new patient left me a little confused," I explain. "Ugh, I know what you mean. Who would have thought that the ever smiling Peeta Mellark could be capable of committing such a atrocious crime?" he ponders out loud. "Atrocious crime?" I hiss in horror. Darius cringes. "Don't repeat this, but they say it was like a scene out of a horror movie. Blood everywhere and severed limbs." He pauses, all trace of playfulness gone from his features. "He's very dangerous, Everdeen. Be careful". After Darius and the rest of the other policemen leave, our new inmate is left is his room. He's still sedated and expected to remain that way until morning. I try to obtain more information from the personnel, but there's very little. The police left behind some paper forms, but his case is mostly confidential, so it's not very detailed. It's around 7 am, when the personnel from the next shift arrives, that we get more news about the whole ordeal. It's Cressida, another volunteer, who fills us in the scoop, since apparently it has been all over the news. "This guy, Peeta Meellirk…" she says. "Mellark," I correct her but she ignores me. "He was found by his mother, who had gone to some charity event, in the middle of the living room surrounded by the severed bodies of his father and older brother…drenched in their blood or something. They are talking about a ritual sacrifice". "He was a little dirty, but I doubt he took a bath in it," Nurse Jackson cuts her off. "Anyway, they say he was really aggressive and they had to call three units of policemen to control him," she continues. "That we did saw," chimes in Nurse Boggs. "He attacked Miss Katniss when he got here." Cressida turns to me, wide-eyed. "Oh, God, Katniss. That's so scary!" I shrug, trying to appear nonchalant, like I didn't feel like I was going to die in that moment. Like it wouldn't have happened if it weren't for Nurse Boggs. The conversation eventually dies out and they start talking about more trivial things, like movies or parties. Today is Saturday, so I don't have classes to attend. I stay way over the end of my shift, listening carefully all the information the nurses share with each other and with the doctors. Doctor Aurelius, a grey haired man with thick glasses, is assigned to the case. He is supposed to evaluate his mental health, to establish if he is responsible or not for the deaths of his father and older brother. I am about to leave when the doctor pulls me away and asks me if I can go see him in his office. "Miss Everdeen, please take a seat," he smiles at me. I have always like doctor Aurelius. He's very quiet and polite, and all his patients seem to like him. He's especially sweet with us, the volunteers, always offering us help to get books from the library or the recent articles from the medical magazines. "I just wanted to make sure you were alright after what happened last night," he tells me when I am seated across from him in his office. "I'm fine. Don't worry," I shrug, but I'm unconsciously rubbing my still sore neck. "Nurse Boggs stepped in really fast". "Yes, that's good. I'm glad he was there," he agrees. "Did he caught you off guard? You never seem to have problems taking care of yourself and he's not our first aggressive patient". "No… I mean, yes" I stumble over my words. The doctor lifts an eyebrow in question and I sigh. "I think he might have recognize me or something… I knew him… from school". Doctor Aurelius nods absentmindedly. "I never expected him to be here," I add. "Well, his mother says he's been acting strangely for months now. She mentioned an incident with his friend, Finnick. But apparently the boy didn't want to press charges against him." "I could help you get information from school and our old classmates if you need anything," I suggest. "Miss Everdeen, I don't think you should get involved in his case if you already know him," Doctor Aurelius admonishes. I shake my head. He might be right, I'm too close, I'm not objective about this at all, but I can't let him see that. "We were never close or anything. We went to school together but ran in completely different circles. We were never friends. Barely even talk to each other so nothing to worry," I explain. All of this is true and yet I feel as if I were lying. Even if we were never friends I still feel a certain connection to this boy, who helped me in times of need. The doctor gives me a look, like he does not believe me so I insist, "I'm not too close. I've not seen him in years. No conflict of interest, I swear". The doctor lets me go and I go home to try and sleep a couple hours before I study for the upcoming exam I have next week, but my mind remains in the hospital. I keep on wondering how is Peeta doing, how did he came to that… I never knew much of him, but he always seemed pretty normal to me. Definitely not the time you peg for a murderer. Eventually I give up on sleeping and turn on the television. The local news only talk about the Baker Slicer, which is how they call him, a pun on them being a family of bakers that they must assume is clever instead of disrespectful, but they share no new information. They show bits of a press conference thrown by Commander Cray and District Attorney Abernathy, which is mainly dodging questions about information they had no disclosed yet and calling the population to remain calm. But is their incessant mindless comments what finally loll me to sleep. The news seems to die pretty quickly with no new development in the case. At the hospital I resume my normal tasks and hear occasionally about his progress. They keep him very sedated at first since every time they try to take them off he gets extremely agitated. But, as the first week passes, he seems to calm down a bit. By the time they start wearing him off the sedation, I unintentionally end up on his care when Rue, the other volunteer on my shift, begs me to take her place. "Please, Katniss, his story freaks me out. I really don't think I can do it," she tells me. So we switch the assigned rooms and get on with the work. It's almost midnight when I finally go into