Notre Dame of Panem Inspired by the novel The Hunchback of Notre Dame written by Victor Hugo, and the homonymous film adaptation made by Disney. Summary: Rue is the bell-ringer of the cathedral of Notre Dam, a lonely girl with a deforming scar in her face. Raised by the misogynous and racist Minister of Justice, Coriolanus Snow, she was made to believe she was undeserving of love. But an escapade to the Festival of Fools would lead her to meet a silver-eyed dancer who would open her eyes to the world outside the cathedral. First part of Notre Dame of Panem, written for Prompts in Panem, Day four: Green. Trigger warnings: Contains violence, death of major character, sexual content and sexual abuse. It also refers to issues related to LGBT-themes, racism and rape culture. Part 1: Rue, the lonely bell-ringer. The sun is up and so I am. It's almost time for the first ring of the bells so I need to hurry if I don't want to be late. And I can't be late. I take the shortcut through the cathedral roof, sliding between the gargoyles and saluting them on my way to work. "Hello, Thresh," I say to the big one, with a serious expression. "Hello, Chaff," I say to the one missing a hand that seems to smirk my way. "Hello, Seeder," I say to the one with the pretty eyes, almost feminine. I arrive to the bell tower with enough time to spare and I watch the sunrise. The colors in the sky and the fresh, cool air make my heart swell. Our beautiful city of Panem, a familiar face, yet unknown in so many ways. Because, even though I have seen the same landscape for my entire 17 years old life, I have never left the cathedral. I sigh and turn to the bells. I like ringing the bells. I feel like it's my way to communicate with the rest of the world, even if I've never actually meet it. Because, although none of the citizens of Panem know my name, they live following the pace of my bells. They wake with the first ringing of the day, the go to work with the second, the know it's time for lunch by the time the fifth comes along, and it's the last ringing the one who marks the bed-time for the pious. Once the four-note music fades in the awakening city, I return to my chambers. I can't take my shortcut at this time since someone might see me, but I avoid the rest of the people of the church nonetheless. I've been told that none of them wants to see me, which, considering my ugly outside, is understandable. My master, the benevolent Minister of Justice Coriolanus Snow, is the only one who dares to see my disgusting face. He told me once that he is afraid of people thinking the huge, deforming scar over my forehead and left eye is a mark of the devil and will ask for me to be sentenced to the bonfire. By the time I return to my chambers, it's already time for my first meal, so I prepare the table and tidy up the place. A little coo distracts me from my chores and I run to the window. A small little bird has his small paw trapped in the edge of the window. I approach it slowly, my hands in his line of vision, until it learns to trust me and stops trying to escape. I smile while caressing the soft fathers of his back. Then, quickly but carefully, I release it and the beautiful bird flies away. I look at it for a moment, elevated over the grandiose city, completely free. I wish I could have wings that could take me as high and far as they take them. I wish I were a bird instead of this horrible monster, who has to live in hiding, who lives in fear. "Have you been slacking this morning, you careless creature?" the voice rings in my ears and my mind freezes. I turn quickly, but not making eye contact. I don't want to upset him more than I already did. "What excuse do you have to not be studying already?" he questions me. "I apologize, your grace," I breathe out, careful not to raise my voice too much. "There was a bird in the window and…" "Enough of that nonsense," he interrupts me. "Eat your breakfast quickly so we can start with our lesson. I must go earlier today and you're making me waste precious time." I run to the table, almost knocking it but managing to catch everything on time. I still don't look at the Master, even though the fact that he has to leave earlier slims the chances of a punishment for today. I eat my meal in silence, not daring to lift my face from the table. I hear my master tapping his foot against the wooden floor and sighing. "My unsullied beast, you don't know how fortunate you are to be here in this precious sanctuary. You're absolutely oblivious of the marvelous gift that I have given you by keeping you pure, untainted from the outside world," the master ponders. "There're so many temptations outside the cathedral walls, my creature. And a deformed monster like you would have no option but to succumb to the ways of the devils and his minions, the gypsies." "I value so much all the things you do for me, your grace," I dare to say. "And it speaks of your immense misericord that you give so much to an unworthy beast like myself." I look up and see the master nodding, pursing his puffy red lips in deep though. "It does, indeed. It speaks volumes of my benevolent nature. But it is because of that same reason that I must protect you from the decadence that falls all over Panem." He stands and I finish eating the last of my old piece of bread. After, I swiftly clean the table and go looking for my books to start my studies. As part of his gift to me, to save me from the flames of hell and the eternal damnation, I've been educated and I know how to read and write. Everyday I must read from the Bible and some other books the master brings me to feed my spirit. "I, on the other hand, must attend to the epitome of decadence, obligated due to my high rank position. Festival of Fools is an appropriate name indeed for such a ridiculous display of sinfulness," he whines. "But, enough nonsense, my creature. Read me what you've got there! On this day, more than any other, we need to listen to something holy." —·— When the master leaves I find myself restless. Every year I watch the Festival of Fools from the security of the bell tower, where I can hear the music and see most of the shows without exposing my self to be discovered. But today I want to go and see everything from up close. People drink a lot on this day and there's a big chance no one will notice me. I am supposed to never leave this cathedral for my own protection, but I have always dreamed of going to sing and dance with the rest of Panem. Even if it is only for a day. I climb down through the side of the cathedral, hoping nobody can see me and trusting that if the gargoyles don't conceal me enough, that the festivities will do it instead. The closer I am to the ground, the louder I can hear the tumult of the streets and faster my heart jumps in my chest. The moment my feet touch the ground, my stomach drops. I did it. Even if I climb right up and go back to my studies, even if the master never finds out about my escape, I can't undo this. I am disobeying him, dishonoring his trust when he has done so much for me. I really am a hideous, repulsive monster. I am about to climb back up when I hear children running towards me. They can see me. If they can see me then I go back, because they would see it and alert their parents. I panic. One of them has noticed me and it's starting to walk my way. I adjust the hoodie of my coat and run in the other direction. I find myself in the middle of the celebration. The Festival of Fools is the most popular festivity in Panem, the only day when it's allowed to dress up in shiny colors and express yourself in anyway you want, without the Peacekeepers detaining you for bad misconduct. The view of the dances and hollering is very different from what I've seen years before up in the bell tower. But not only the people changes, the city transforms in its entirely. The square is decorated in paper of various colors and they put up a makeshift stage, where some people do different types of shows to entertain the crowd. Gypsies mostly run the Festival, another reason for my master to despise the holiday. This extravagantly handsome man, dress in a ridiculous outfit that intents to portray him as a half fish-man of sorts, is shouting what sounds like poetry. But his poetry sounds nothing like the poetry master Snow has brought to my chambers for me to read. His words speak of skin and fire, of color and desire. His words make my body tremble in fascination and fear at the same time. This is the temptation his grace always talked about. I adjust my hoodie and move out of the crowd, trying to put the more distance I can between the decadent man and I. Suddenly I collide with a small animal, which lets out a bleat in protest. "Careful, friend. You don't want to be kick by a goat. Trust me, I should know," a musical voice rings next to me. I turn, careful not to show my face, and find myself staring at a lean and gorgeous girl, clad in a red sparkly dress. Her hair is dark like her skin, the perfect tone to resemble an olive about to ripe. Her eyes shine and dance, with an impossible tone of silver, trying to look through the hoodie. "And now, the main show of the evening!" the voice of the poet resonates in the square. The girl sobers up and makes a little reverence as a good bye, before diving into the crowd. "The ever beautiful and positively dazzling, Silver." The man jumps to the back of the stage, which suddenly seems to be covered in smoke. People cheer, completely unconcerned that there must be a fire in the middle of the show. I am about to run to the cathedral when I see her. The gorgeous girl I run into not a minute ago, emerging from the smoke, all in red, like she was a flame itself. The image is overwhelming as it is, but then the music starts. The guitar resonates, and the man from before sings with a raspy voice a lonely song about lost loved ones. The girl starts moving then, following rhythmically the accords, and her dress sparkles with every move she makes giving the illusion of real fire encasing her slim and gracious body. I am unable to move from my spot, dazzled by the elegance of her dancing, the curves of her body and the sparkle of her silvery eyes that seem to outshine the dress itself. Her hands snake around her body, in a never-ending ritual. Suddenly, I feel the urge to dance with her, to hold her, to… I look away, feeling sinful. I don't even know what my feelings means, but it can't be a good thing. I must go back to the cathedral before I