Short Notice: I DO NOT OWN HARRY POTTER. I'm just playing with the characters. Also, English is not my first language and this is my first story, so sorry. Constructive critics are very welcome. Also: This story has Cursing, Sexual Contents and Incest (Not of Main Characters) A Tender Moment The Beginning The house was dark and cold, the magic of this house felt tainted, heavy and uncomfortable but maybe that was because she was a Muggleborn, she had never heard the boys complaint about it, they only said that the house was "creepy". This was nothing new, but now, that Harry and Ron weren't here to lighting up the atmosphere, it was even more suffocating. She told them to find food and supplies, as much as they could find without arousing suspicion, so now she had two hours until meeting them in the agreed location. At least Walburgas Black's portrait was silent. 'Being alone in this fucking house was my goddamn fault, I told them to go' she thought while whispering Reducio on some books and putting them in her bag carefully, because books are fragile. With a smile she remember last year when she had convinced Harry and Ron to study with her at the library, Ron had been mistreating "Ministry's Approved Potions, Concoctions and Salves", mandatory read and courtesy of Umbridge, even if the book was shite, it was still a book and Hermione had snapped asking him if he was a Neanderthal and why he didn't know how to treat books, what followed was silence until Ron ask "What is a Neanderthal? Have you spend to much time with Luna?" and Harry couldn't hold his laugh and by the time Madam Prince came to see what was all the racket, the three adolescent were laughing in tears. She remember detention fondly that day. She looked around the bedroom she had been using only to change, sleeping alone in this house even before Sirius's death, was difficult for her, the magic of the house always felt wrong to her. She usually share with Ginny, but now that they were alone it was an unanimous and silent decision to sleep in the same room, for security, of course. Feeling that she was forgetting something, she double check the room... there, in the nightstand was "The Tales of Beedle the Bard". ' Jesus Christ, where did my brain go?' With a sigh she sat on the bed and grabbed the book. She had read it a couple of dozen of times, and... it was just a stupid children's book. That train of thought took her to a place in her mind she didn't want to visit, Dumbledore's death. Harry had told them everything that he had witnessed in the Astronomy Tower, over and over again per her request, not missing any detail. Finally he snapped and said enough, he didn't understand why she needed to come back to that day, he didn't understand that she felt guilty because she and Luna had let Professor Snape go to the Astronomy Tower trusting that he was on their side. But if she was honest with herself, in a deeper and darker corner of her mind... the one that storage the thoughts that Hermione will never speak out loud, she hoped that Professor Snape was still fighting for the Light. Hermione had spent a lot of time defending Professor Snape when Harry and Ron were being disrespecful, and now... and now everything pointed out that they were right. Before Hogwarts, Hermione's father had given her books with characters like Sherlock Holmes, Hercules Poirot and James Bond, so her mind always went beyond appearances and tried to look beyond the first glance, to seek out what was hidden. When she first discovered the Wizard World, she was amaze by a lot of things: the magic, the creatures... the absurde of doubling the size of a room with just a wand, breaking the laws of Physics. But one thing that seemed to disappoint her over and over again, was the lack of deep thought she encountered in adults. Sure, when wizards and witches had to create astonishing things they thrive in imagination, but thinking about plots or schemes, corruption in any kind, political scandals or just questioning why things were as they were, then wizards were happy to look the other away... they didn't try to change things or improve them. 'It's no surprise that Voldemort is a halfblood...Muggle raised thinker freshly imported...' Hermione winced at her own thoughts. She put the book in the bag, stupid book or not, Dumbledore had left it to her. She noticed that she had taken the habit of "Muggle Cursing" (as Ronald put it) in her mind, but rarely out loud. Because her dad has always said that people who curse were more honest and genuine, her mother had heartily disagree. For a moment Hermione expression showed a small wishful smile as she thought of her parents but quickly was replaced for a grimace of pain and shame when she remembered that her parents were no more, Monica and Wendell Wilkins were safe and sound in Australia with no memory of having a daughter. 'Stop...just stop, finish this and then go looking for them, when the danger passes' BANG! In a blink Hermione rise and had her wand in hand, she heard noises of things breaking and laughter. It could have been looters but she wasn't going to bet her life on it, more probably they were Death Eaters that had finally broke through the wards protecting Grimmauld Place. ' Fuck!' She cleared her mind and picture the place of encounter with Harry and Ron, she'd just Disillusion herself and hide until they arrived. She took a deep breath and prepared to Appareted... Destination, Determination and Deliberation. Nothing happend. Hermione's eyes snapped open when she realized they had Anti-Apparition wards in place and any second now a Death Eater would be coming through the bedroom door and she would be caught. In full panic she looked for places to hide, under the bed, the closet... obvious places. Muggle horror movies flashed through her mind... ' Not like this, please not now and not like this' BANG! The bedroom door suddenly opened with such force it hit the wall and time stopped. Standing there was Professor Snape. He had frozen while looking at her, the sounds below them were getting louder. Then time must have restarted because she heard a soft "fuck" and was shoved to the closet, her head hit a hanger, and she felt him entering after her and closing the closet's door. His breathing was shaking while he sealed the closet door, casting a Muffliato and the strongest Notice-Me-Not Charm that Hermione had never felt, the magic was basicly dripping from the closet. The were standing facing each other, the closet was pitch black and very narrow it seems, being that his breathing was hitting her forehead. 'They are going to notice the magic... oh my god I'm dead' But then... so was he. And then she felt rage, because she had been right, this was a plot worthy of James Bond, Severus Snape was protecting her and he was going to die for it. She knew he was preparing to talk thanks to the change in his breathing, but Hermione was furious, didn't he know that if he died he would never have his final twist? When James Bond or Sherlock Holmes explained that they were more clever all along and that's why the good guys always win. Didn't he know that Harry needed that twist and every advantage possible? And he was going to die today, right now, to protect her... the annoying know-it-all. "What the fuck do you think you are doing?" Hermione whispered harshly. Silence, he seems to have stopped breathing and years of Potion classes told her he was livid. So she kept going because she was going to die anyway, so angry that she didn't register what she was saying. "You can't die today, all that hard work and you are going to die for protecting me?" He started to breath again, this time was controlled, very controlled. Hermione thought he was trying control his temper and not hit her... so she kept going. "What the hell is wrong with you? Go out there and tell them you found Harry Potter's Mudblood friend, and then kill me before they torture me, please don't die today for me, Harry might need you." And then, she heard herself, saying those word... words that they might very well being spoken as a request of a friend about to die, to not suffer, to have mercy... Her mind flashed at what Harry told them Dumbledore's last words had been when he was cornered in the Astronomy Tower "Severus...please..." 'Oh my god, no' "Professor..." Hermione's voice break, Professor Snape flinched like he had been slapped. "Oh Profe-" "Granger shut up" his voice was low and dangerous. This time she listened, she was silent when a Death Eater entered the room. She felt her body and her breath shake, and was afraid that she was making noise and they were going to die because of her and her stupid panic. ' Please, no...' The Death Eater was looking around the room, it seems that after finding it empty he was looking for something else. Suddenly he walk to the door, and Hermione took a breath, once in the hallway he turned back to look at the room, he flicked his wand at the nightstand and speak with hatred Confringo! Several things happened at once, Severus covered Hermione's mouth with his hand and push her against the closet's wall covering her body with his own, hidding his face in her neck while the furniture exploded in a hundred pieces, the sound of the explosion was loud and seconds later the hallway was rushed by another Death Eater. "Amycus! What was that? Did you find something?" a feminine voice. "Nothing, I just wanted to break something, this is the Household of the Noble House of Black and it looks like trash, it just makes me sick Alecto" a rough voice answered. Hermione shuddered violently and without thinking, her arms rise to Professor Snape's waist and hugged him tight, needing the support, she put her head in his shoulder and hoped for this to pass. Severus froze, he was listening carefully at what was being said, he knew who they were and knew this could get very ugly, very fast. But then he felt her arms around him, trying to find comfort for her fear... and just once he wanted to be held like it matter, like someone cared if he died, to comfort him when he was scared because no amount of lies or half-trues were going to be good enough if they found them in the closet. That last thought almost made him laugh, being killed because he was found with a student (ex-student, whatever) hugging in a closet, it was hilarious. Stress, obviously. So he let go of Hermione's mouth, took a deep breath next to her neck and hugged her back. One hand went around her waist and the other to the back of her head. Hermione's eyes were full with tears, and she let them fall on Severus's Death Eater cloak. She felt Severus breathing in her neck, and his arms around her, he was being careful, treating her with tenderness. So she did the same, her right hand went up to his shoulder blades and down to his middle back, her left hand went to the back of his neck and started caressing his hair, like her mother used to do when she was upset. They just had to wait it out. ' Please, we can't die today...' "Oh brother, what did you expect? Bloodtraitors and those Order's fucks were living here, they have no respect for tradition, but don't be mad...