Hello Readers! Welcome to my second story called "Love is Free, not bought." If you are one of my followers and you're like, "Hey, where is Chapter 7. in 'Forbidden Love and a Forgotten past'?" Don't worry, it's coming. If you just saw this story and wanted to read it, by all means, read it, but check out my other story too. I feel that that story is way better written and I only wrote the first chapter of this one so far. I wanted to write this because I feel that the things in this story aren't said enough, abuse is not the excuse and taking advantage of someone is even worse. If anyone is going through any of the events in this story, you may PM me if you want, for support or just to talk. I am here for you. That is only a suggestion. Thank you to all who are reading this, now on with the story! Chapter 1. ~Annabeth's pov~ It all started when I was younger. My family was very poor and we had to make ends meet. It was my father and I. My mother had left for no reason and we had to provide for the two of us. I worked at a drugstore, my father knew. Then my father got married. My stepmother already had two sons, so we had to provide for all five of us now. We were middle class for a while, until my stepmother became sick. Where am I going with this? Believe me, you'll find out. So my stepmother became sick and we had to get her some medicine. I was twelve and now I had two jobs. But my dad never knew that. He was just happy that I was able to bring home some money. No one knew my job, but me, my stepmother and my customers. Before I say anymore, I will tell you, I am a virgin. Enough said right? Yes, I would offer up my body to those who wanted it and paid a great amount of money. See, I would give them my body, but when it got to the point of any type of sex, that's when I would knock them out. How? I did say I worked at a store. A drug store to be exact. I would use something I either bought or stole from the store or I could just grab an item somewhere off to the side a hit them in the head if needed. And I always got away. The drug I used would make the person forget me and my face, so I would never have to run from someone who was unsatisfied with my job. My stepmother said it was the only way I could help my family. Even if they weren't blood, I still cared for my step brothers. My stepmother was a different story. See, she was the reason I got into this mess. She forced me to do it. I would never have done anything like this to myself. She wanted the money for her greedy self so she could get better, but she was willing to put me at risk for her safety. She never loved me. Now let's fast forward. I am currently sixteen years old. My stepmother is healthy and there are no more medical bills, we are (somewhat) happy and are no longer poor. How my secret got out, I don't know. In my first year of high school, I met Luke. Captain of the soccer team (soccer is the main sport at my school, not football), the guy every girl wanted. Everyone but me. He targeted me and at the end of my sophomore year, he invited me to a party. Stupid me. He was a junior and I was a sophomore. I found him attractive but never really had a crush on him, and I decided to go with him. So I was technically a junior and Luke was technically a senior, and we went to the party together. Never trust horny guys and don't go anywhere with them alone, go with a group of friends and don't leave each others sides. Luke, being a stereotypical guy, wanted what stereotypical guys want. He knew that I had once sold my body to people and wanted to try me out for free. He tried to get me drunk and once he thought I was, he pulled me to his car and drove to an abandoned factory. He began to touch me and I played drunk. I looked around for anything that could help me. I settled with the boot he was wearing, steel-toed and heavy. He torn off his clothes and tried to get mine off when I grabbed his boot off the car floor and smashed it into the side of his head. I got out of his car and ran, calling my dad, tears in my eyes. I promised myself not to cry but when he answered and asked why I was calling him so early, I burst into tears and ugly snorts. My father picked me up only ten minutes later. Normally it would have taken twenty to half an hour, but he knew I was in trouble. I told my dad what happened but not enough that he would go digging into my story and be able to find out the truth, about where I got all the money I was getting when I was twelve and all the things I had gone through that I never should have gone through at that age. When I left the party that night, I had not known that Luke was going to tell everyone about my past. What he didn't know was that I never actually had sex, and he said he had sex with me. And here I am today. Starting my junior year at the same school as last year, forced by my stepmother. Looking in the mirror, I bring my hands to my face, pushing my hair back. My hair looked like it normally does, bouncy, curly and blonde. I shake my head, hands resting on my cheeks. "Don't listen to them. They all know something, but it's not true. Don't get sucked into their lies." I repeated this five times, my counselor suggested it. He also suggested I go to a different school but my stepmother told me to grow up and decided against it, telling my dad and the counselor that I had come to her saying that I wanted to go back to that horrible school. And I even heard that there was a new principal this year. One who doesn't know the students yet. One who is young and inexperienced. I pulled on my book bag and looked at the time. 7:20. I walked out of my room and my dad took me to school. When we were outside of the school, my dad stopped the car and I got out. "You don't have to go. We can find another school." My dad said more as a plead more than a suggestion. I hesitated for a moment. I remembered what my stepmother had said. If I said anything to my dad about switching schools, she would put me back into the unpleasant business I once had to go through. Why she wanted me to go to this school so bad, I had no idea. "No, I'm okay dad. I'll be okay." I gave him a kiss and closed the door. I looked at the car in front of me and saw the driver grab at the person in the passenger seat, yanking the hair of that poor person. Then the person in the passenger seat grab the arm of the driver. He twisted it and I heard a yelp. The door opened and a boy stepped out, he had black hair. I heard curses from inside the car as it drove off and the boy pulled out his cell phone. He began speaking in a hushed voice and after about a minute he hung up. I turned around, hoping that he didn't see me watching him. My dad was still waiting there and had seen the whole thing. He didn't drive off until I was safely inside. I walked to my locker, we were given our locker numbers, unofficial classes and combinations during the summer after we got our ID's and pictures taken. I still had time to get to class, there was almost no one out in the hallway. I pulled out my stuff and put it in my locker, only leaving three notebooks for my first three classes. Still five minutes. People began to fill the hallway. Anywhere would be good but in a crowded hallway with people from last year, people who knew the lie Luke had told them, everyone who knew my secret. I pulled out my unofficial schedule that I got during the summer and headed to my first class, social studies. When I got there, the teacher began passing out official schedules. I picked up my stuff, I had to walk to the other end of the building in three minutes. When the one minute bell rang, I ran the remainder of the way to class and looked up. Not fast enough. I ran into someone. A boy, messy black hair, sea green eyes, I wanted to melt. He was handsome, way more than Luke and he was my age because otherwise he wouldn't have been in this class...unless he flunked. He was tall, around six foot maybe, compared to me at five foot nine. As we smashed into each other, I dropped my social studies book I grabbed from my last teacher and it hit the floor with a thud. "Oh, I'm so sorry." The boy said, scooping up my book. As he bent down I looked at the class, no one had noticed me yet. He came back into my view and smiled. He rubbed the back of his neck and I saw his cheeks color. I felt my own cheeks grow warm. Yup. Never seen him around before. "Sorry again." "It's alright. Thank you for picking it up." "I'm Percy. Percy Jackson." "Annabeth Chase." He smiled. "I'm new here, could you maybe show me around? Well, unless you're new here too." The bell rang. "Oh, no. I have been here since freshman year. I can show you around. Are you free after school?" "Should be." "Alright, meet me here." I replied. "Good morning everyone. I'm your teacher this semester. Call me Mr. J. Here are your seats." He projected a seating chart on the front board and everyone got into their seats. To my disappointment I sat across the room from Percy. When he found me staring, he smiled and waved, catching to attention of no other than Rachel who sat next to him. "Ew! I have to be in the same class as that!?" She yelled pointing a finger at me. I pulled my head down as everyone followed her finger to me. Percy looked confused, he didn't know. But that didn't mean he wouldn't find out sooner or later. "Rachel, have respect for your classmates, now, let's start the first day off with a pop quiz!" Everyone groaned, but I don't know if it was because of the quiz or me. I stayed quiet the rest of the hour. Even after the quiz was over and we could talk to people around us. Instead I pulled out my phone and listened to music. I looked over my schedule and found my next class was English. I looked up and I saw Percy next to the teacher, who was reading Percy the questions. Percy was answering them out loud. The bell rang and I was the first one out of the classroom. "Hey! Annabeth, wait up!" I heard through my earbuds, it was Percy. "Yes?" I asked politely. "I need help finding my next class.