"Potter." Harry Potter turned his head towards the voice that had suddenly broken through the conversation that his friends had been having about the Quidditch World Cup. Standing in the doorway was a unfamiliar girl with long, golden-blonde tied into a ponytail. Despite it being several hours before the Hogwarts express would be nearing Hogwarts, the girl had changed into their school robes and wore a black plain work robe along with grey canvas shoes. Harry found his eyes drawn towards her robes, and immediately tensed. They were trimmed with green cotton, and on the right side of her chest was the emblazoned grey-green sigil of a serpent. The symbol of the Slytherin. Harry looked up at the girl and noticed her grey-blue eyes immediately darken when their stares met. Unsure of how to respond, Harry breathed a small amount of relief when his best-friend Hermione Granger did so for him. "I'm sorry, but is there something that you need?" Hermione asked politely, placing her book and wand down onto her lap "Yeah, what do you want? Has Malfoy and the rest of the snakes sent you here to rile us up? You can shove off if that's the case. We're in the middle of something here." Ron Weasley said harshly, gesturing towards Harry, Hermione and their fellow Gryffindor Neville Longbottom The blonde-haired girl scowled at Ron, shaking her head at his best-friend in almost mock disbelief. "Charming as always, Weasley. If you must know, I wasn't sent by Malfoy or any of my fellow quote-on-quote 'snakes'. Nor am I here to disrupt your catch up tea party. I just need to speak with Potter for a moment. Urgently. And alone." Harry raised his brow at that. Why would someone from Slytherin wish to speak with him? Better yet, someone he had not recollection of knowing. It was hard for him to believe that her intentions were good. As hard as Ron's tone had been, it did cause him to wonder. Was Malfoy trying to play a trick on him by sending some third-year to coax him away from his friends? Would he be led into an ambush and circled by Slytherins, stunned and thrown off the moving train. Or even worse, cursed and then oblivated with a false memory? He wouldn't put it past the son of Lucius Malfoy to do something so dark, especially to someone he hated. "Wait, I know you." Hermione suddenly exclaimed, her eyes alight with mild curiosity. "We do Ancient Runes and Arithmancy together. Daphne Greengrass, I presume?" The girl nodded. "One in the same, Granger. We also have Potions, Care of the Magical Creatures, Transfiguration and Defence classes together, though judging by the blank expressions on Weasley's and Potter's, I assume that they still don't recognise me." She was right. He tried hard to remember if he had ever noticed Daphne Greengrass throughout their first three years at Hogwarts, though at that moment he could not recall any looks or words exchanged between them. The only interactions Harry had had with Slytherins were with Malfoy and his gang, as well as Pansy Parkinson and her haggle. Harry was unsure if Daphne had been ever apart of those groups. To him, they all blended into the same sneering face. Daphne smirked at Ron's befuddled face, and shifted her gaze towards Neville. "You remember me, don't you Longbottom? Or have you lived up to your reputation and forgotten?" Neville's face flushed, with the round-faced boy barely muttering a reply to the girl, "Your mother's gala last summer. I remember talking to you." "Oh, that is indeed surprising. I for sure thought you would have forgotten," Daphne said flippantly. "A pity you can remember that and not Professor Snape's or McGonagall's instructions in class. You might scrape even an Acceptable if you could, and not an exploding cauldron of Confusing Concoction into your face." Neville's blue eyes dimmed, and he lowered his head in shame. "What do you want, Greengrass?" Harry finally asked, feeling bad for his friend. "If you want to talk to me, you can do so in front of my friends." "So distrustful, Potter. I can't decide if I am annoyed or impressed. However, the matter I need to speak to you about is not something that I can say in front of your friends. Let's just say that is situation for the eyes of only those named Potter and Greengrass." "What does that mean?" Hermione queried, before Harry could respond. "Is this something to do with Harry's parents?" Daphne Greengrass' blue eyes glistened. " Close , Granger. Quite close." Daphne sighed in frustration, "Merlin's beard, if you truly don't trust me, I can swear for you lot on my magic that I have no ill-intentions towards Potter. Nor will coming with me cause him bodily harm. I'm not like Malfoy and his ilk. But I need to speak with, Potter. Alone." Harry contemplated what she was saying. Despite having never spoken to this girl prior to this moment, Greengrass was willing to swear on her magic that she was not attempting to mislead him. For a moment, he briefly considered making the girl take the oath. As much as he suspected that she was sincere in her intentions, he could never be too sure with Slytherins. "You should go, Harry," Hermione was the first person to speak in the momentary lapse of silence that had followed. "what she has to say. It couldn't hurt to hear her out." "Yes it could, Hermione," Ron looked at her in bewilderment, clearly shocked at her suggestion, "She's a snake. Like Malfoy, like Crabbe and Goyle, like Parkinson. You know how they treat us and the rest of the school. She just wants to lead him right into Malfoy's Death Eater hands!" "Ron, not every Slytherin is like Malfoy," Hermione argued. I know the sample size we've encountered has not...helped in informing our perspective, but stereotyping a person because of their house is ridiculous. Besides, even people from Gryffindor have dabbled in the dark arts." "Like who?" Ron challenged. "Scabbers." Harry pointed out, his voice scarce a whisper. Hermione looked at Harry sympathetically, while Ron looked as if someone had stunned him. Only they understood what Harry was referring too. And it was definitely not Ron's former pet rat. Before Neville or even Greengrass could question him on what he had just said, Harry suddenly stood up and turned to Daphne. "You don't have to take that oath. I'll give you twenty minutes, Greengrass. After that, I'm coming back to my compartment whether you like it or not." "Alright, Potter." Harry looked to Ron, Hermione and Neville, "I'll be right back, guys. Don't worry about me. If anything happens, I can take care of myself" "We know that but still. Are you sure, mate?" "Yeah, Ron. I'm sure." With that, Harry followed Daphne into the hallway. As he left closed the compartment door, he swallowed laughter after hearing Neville ask Ron and Hermione whether Ron's rat had fallen in with the Death Eaters. "You have some interesting friends, Potter." Greengrass said as they walked down the train hallway. "They're good people. Some of the best and most loyal people I know," Harry replied, absentmindedly. "Why, don't you have friends like that?" "Only one. Her name's Tracey Davis. In our year. In Slytherin, you can only trust so many people far enough to count them as friends. I trust Tracey." "I assume she won't be with us when we talk?" "No," Daphne answered, as they continued walking. "It will just be the two of us." Harry did not know if that was meant to be encouraging or disconcerting. By the time they had stopped at her empty compartment (save for two cases of luggage), Harry noticed that the rain had gotten heavier as the train moved further north, the winds growing bolder against the steamy window. As Harry sat down, Daphne locked the compartment door and placed a privacy charm on it. "This matter that you wish to speak to me about must be really important." Harry said, watching as she pocketed her wand away. "You can definitely say that, Potter." Daphne sat down opposite him. Even with the charm, Harry noticed that her posture and demeanor seemed to indicate that she was nervous. "So what's this all about, Greengrass? You seemed awfully cagey in front of my friends." Harry asked. He did not mean to sound impatient or demanding, but he found this entire situation weird. A Slytherin was acting civil towards him. He could not help but be curious. He wondered if she wanted to ask him about what happened in second year - if he really was the heir of Salazar Slytherin. Or what happened with Sirius last year. Those were things he couldn't tell her. Daphne pursued her lips, and looked towards the dreary window. "This is going to be harder than I thought. I guess there's no easy way to ease into this, is there?" She seemed to be talking to herself. Before Harry could say anything, Daphne looked back at him. "Potter, how much do you know about Arthurian legend and the age of Camelot?" Out of all the things Harry had expected her to begin with, that had been on the bottom of his list. "I'm sorry, but what that does have to do with anything?" Daphne gritted her teeth, and closed her eyes briefly as if to reassure herself. "Just answer the damn question." Harry scowled, but chose to oblige her, "Just what Muggles know. Merlin, Morgana, King Arthur, the sword in the stone Excalibur. Knights of the Round Table, Lady in the Water, Guinevere and Lancelot's love affair and all that stuff. I was surprised to find that it was all true, and that Camelot did exist." "It existed alright. I'm surprised you haven't gone out of your way to learn the history of your kind than what that fool ghost Binns drones on in his lessons. Merlin was the greatest wizard of them all, and Morgana was even greater in power than You-Know-Who or Grindelwald combined. Arthur was a Muggleborn born out of his father's affair with a witch, while his son Mordred was born out of an affair he had with his half-sister Morgana. "When Camelot was at it's peak during the days of King Arthur, no nation could best the kingdom that we now know to encompass England. Camelot was a precursor to what we know now as wizarding culture, Potter. Whereas Arthur's grandfather and father outlawed magic and burned so called apostates, Arthur allowed us to flourish and develop. Wizards, witches, wands, broomsticks, owls, pureblood supremacy, the dark arts, potions, magical creatures and fantastic beasts, noble families of magical birth. So much of who we are is derived from those days." "Ok, but what does that have do with what's happening now? I mean, right now in this compartment?" Harry questioned. Daphne hissed, "Patience, Potter. I thought hanging around with Granger and Weasley all the time, you've had learnt to listen. If you let me explain, I promise you'll understand." Harry grunted, and leaned back into his seat. "In the age of Camelot as I said, noble families existed in the plentiful. Most pureblood, with occasional half-blood and Muggleborn lords and ladies. A sharp contrast to today as even though pureblood families do exist and have considerable influence on Wizarding politics, we are scarce and are no longer nobility." "I assume you're a pureblood as well?" Harry was not surprised, sensing already her aura of aristocracy from her attitude. He just hoped that she wasn't like Malfoy in terms of viewpoint. "I am," Daphne nodded, straightening herself proudly. "The Greengrasses are an ancient and well-respected family in the pureblood circle. Though are wealth does not match the Malfoys or the Nott's, we are quite rich and hold sway in wizarding politics. My father and mother both hold interest in several businesses and establishments, as