Hey guys this is my first story ever on this site! I hope you guys enjoy it! "Damn it Piper, this is the fourth time you've made me pull over in the past two hours! We're never going to reach the hotel before dark!" "Oh c'mon, it'll be fun. We'll just check it out, and then we can leave," Piper pleaded. "That's what you said last time," Thalia groaned. "Please. I'll do anything you want when we get to the hotel," Piper said, leaning over the console and peppering Thalia's neck with hot open mouth kisses. "Anything I want?" "Anything, Piper replied breathlessly, now nibbling on her ear. "I'm gonna hold you to that promise," Thalia said, getting out of the car. "C'mon, lets go check this place out." The couple had been planning this road trip for months. They had been thinking about possible vacation spots in the U.S but they couldn't decide on one until Annabeth suggested the idea of a road trip across the states. "Why don't you guys just take a road trip?" Annabeth had asked. "That way you can see everything and you don't have to pick just one destination. I'll even help you guys map out a route and everything." Annabeth had done a really good job at mapping out a route for them that perfectly labeled all their destinations, the hotels they would be staying in, and historical and interesting landmarks they could check out. Too bad it went to waste. Piper was always getting distracted by roadside attractions that she thought were cool and interesting. Although Thalia thought these places were run down and beat-up, she secretly liked going to these kinds of places with Piper. She liked to see her girlfriend's kaleidoscope eyes widen and brighten with excitement when she finds a place or store that she thinks she might like. She loved seeing her happy. They were currently standing outside of a sketchy looking fortune teller shop that Piper had pointed out to. The paint was beginning to peel and fade. It looked as if nobody had set foot in the shop in decades. The green neon sign above read: ESMERALDA's FAMOUS FORTUNES . "Well lets go inside and see if Esmeraldas' in, Thalia grumbled. The couple walks in and is immediately hit with a coat of dust and the smell of rotting wood. "Piper, I swear to god this is the last time we take a detour," Thalia exclaimed , covering her face with her arm. "Agreed," coughed out Piper, "Let's just take a look and be on our way." The couple split up and looked around the shop. The store was bleak and gray. The lights overhead shone faintly, giving the store a haunted house vibe. Thalia inspected the shelves, checking out the shop's merchandise. Esmeralda had a bunch of items that Thalia thought were useless in determining one's fortune. Dream catchers, spirits boards, and magic 8 balls littered the dusty shelves. "Hey Piper, can you believe all the junk she has in here?" Thalia said, reaching for an 8 ball, "I bet none of this stuff even –" Thalia was cut off by Piper's shriek. Thalia dropped the 8 ball and scrambled toward the sound of Piper's voice, knocking over cheap merchandise in the process. "Piper! Piper, where are you?" Thalia shouted. "I'm here," Piper said, "I'm fine. I was just startled by um, what did you say your name was again?" Thalia trotted towards Piper's voice and saw a tall, willowy woman standing near Piper. "I am Esmeralda, my dears. Welcome to my shop." Thalia's hand unconsciously wavered toward her bracelet, Aegis. She didn't feel right about Esmeralda. The woman had a quiet air of power about her. Her hair was not unlike Hazel's except the color was as black as Thalia's. The lady had a wide, easygoing smile and her eyes had wrinkles around them, which suggested she smiled a lot. Her face was round and young but that didn't lessen their caution. They knew gods and monsters could appear and pass as ordinary mortals. Her forest green robes was so silky, it seemed to ripple, as if the cloth was ink spilling off her shoulders. "Peace demigods," Esmeralda said, "I mean you no harm. I merely wanted to offer my services." "How do you know that we are demigods?" Piper asked, lacing a bit of charmspeak in her voice. "Because I am one too. I am a daughter of Hecate, goddess of magic," Esmeralda replied easily. "How can we trust you? Thalia growled at her, "For all we know you could be a monster". "I assure you demigod, I am no monster," Esmeralda stated, "I merely tell fortunes". "C'mon Thalia let's hear our fortunes!" Piper exclaimed. "Tell you what, I'll read your fortunes free of charge," Esmeralda said quickly. "Oh c'mon Thalia it's a free reading! What's the harm in one free reading?" Piper pleaded. Piper looked at her, her eyes growing wider as she pulled her patented wounded puppy look that Thalia could never resist. "Oh for Hades sake," Thalia groaned. "Fine, but just one reading for each of us and then we are leaving." "Excellent choice ladies. Please follow me to the back," Esmeralda said. The girls followed the fortune teller towards the back of the shop, past a doorway covered by a deep purple curtain. Esmeralda pushed back the curtain to reveal her back room. It looked almost like an exact replica of the Hecate cabin back at camp. Shelves crammed with spell books, a big black cauldron in the corner, a cabinet stocked full of ingredients, what seemed to be a broadsword replica over the fireplace, and a giant wooden round table in the center of the room. The torches burned red, giving off light and warmth. "Please, have a seat at my table my dears,"Esmeralda said with a smile. The girls took a seat the table, facing Esmeralda. Esmeralda sat down across from them and asked, "So who would like to go first?" "I will," Piper said. "So how does this work exactly?" Thalia asked sarcastically. "Do you have a crystal ball that you use or what?" "No, nothing so trivial," Esmeralda replied, ignoring the skepticism. "I will be reading your palms". "That sounds cool," Piper said. "So what do I have to do?" "Just place your hands in mine, palms face up please," Esmeralda replied. Piper placed her hands in Esmeraldas, looking up expectantly at her. Esmeralda closed her eyes and began to mutter Latin phrases and incantations. Thalia watched with rapt attention as she listened to Esmeralda. Thalia wasn't fluent in Latin but she caught a few words: past, destiny, fate . The words rang in Thalia's ears. Esmeralda had not lied; she was a daughter of Hecate. This was a true foretelling. Esmeralda opened her eyes and began tracing the lines on Piper's hand. Piper shuddered at the cold touch of the fortune teller. "Well?" Piper asked. "Aren't you going to say anything?" "You have led a remarkable life, Piper Mclean. You have had a very strained relationship with a parental, but you managed to make the most of it. Piper looked down at her hands. After the war, Piper had hopped on the first plane back to San Francisco to talk with her dad. Leo had offered to go with her for moral support, but declined. This was something she had to do on her own. She remembered sitting down with her father in their huge house, and coming clean; Piper telling him about camp, and gods, and finally the potion she had used on him. She had regretted using the potion on him, and felt guilty making him worry about where she had been. They had both cried during the conversation and were now on better terms. It wasn't a perfect relationship but it was better than what they had. Esmeralda slowly traced patterns on Piper's palms. "You are the type of person to care very much for you friends, aren't you? You are hyper aware of your friends' feelings and seem to know exactly what they need," Esmeralda said, observing Piper's palms. Piper remembered back to a few weeks after the war. Leo had been acting strangely that entire week. She had snuck into Bunker 9 to find him, back turned to her, packing a small bag. "Planning on going somewhere Valdez?, she had asked. Leo jumped in surprise, knocking over the contents of his bag. She reached down and picked up a plane ticket and inspected it. "Houston?" she asked, raising her eyebrows. Leo looked down at the floor and said quietly, "It's my mom's birthday next week." Piper's heart broke a little as she moved forward to grasp Leo's hands. "Do you want me to come with you? She had asked him quietly. Leo was quiet for a few moments then he had replied "Now that I think about it, I've always wanted her to meet you. You're my family too. Piper may have cried a little bit at that. Leo wasn't the type to get mushy. The pair had flown out to Houston the next day and visited the cemetery where Esperanza Valdez was buried. They walked hand in hand, silently until they reached her headstone. Leo had kneeled down and placed the sunflowers on her grave. "Happy Birthday Mom, Leo said as he took a seat in front of the headstone. Piper kneeled down beside him, squeezing his hand tightly, letting him know that she was there for him. "I met dad like you said I would, Leo said. He said he was proud of me, proud of who I've become. I like to think that you would be proud of me too. Leo paused a bit then said, "There's someone I want you to meet. Her name is Piper and she is the greatest person in my life. She's always been there for me when I needed her, slapped some sense into me when I needed it, and she always checks in on me when I lock myself away in Bunker 9." Leo nudged her with his elbow and nodded toward the stone, as if giving her permission to speak. "Hi, Miss Valdez. You have a wonderful son, and I am so lucky to have him in my life. He is the best friend I could ask for. He always knows how to cheer me up when I'm down, he always makes me laugh, and he never fails to be there when I need him. "I wish I could have been able to meet the amazing woman who gave me my best friend in person. I'll take good care of him, Miss Valdez". The wind blew, as if acknowledging Piper's words. "Goodbye Mom, Leo said standing up. We'll come visit you again soon." Piper's eyes watered at the memory. She loved Leo dearly and she knew he felt the same about her. They were friends before they knew they were demigods and they would be friends in the Elysium too. "Piper, are you okay?" Thalia asked, concerned about the tears in her girlfriend's eyes. "Yeah, I'm fine. Just got a little emotional," Piper said chuckling. "You can continue," Piper said in Esmeralda's direction. "I'm okay." Esmeralda looked thoughtfully at Piper and began tracing patterns on Piper's palms again. "Hmm, it seems you had lost love but you have found it again", Esmeralda said grinning slyly at the couple. Piper felt a blush creep up her neck. She hadn't told Thalia about just how deep her feelings went. She was just waiting for the right moment. Next to her, Thalia's mind was racing. "Does Piper love me? She wondered. How long has she loved me? And more importantly why hasn't she told me yet?" "Piper, your fortune is as good as I've ever read. You have suffered losses, as we all must, but you have managed to grow through them and not let the past define you. You should