Ok so This is My first story ever written, I now apologise for My mistakes since i know I'm not very fluent on big words , and of course i'm human everyone makes mistakes. This story would be based on Renesmee and Jacob i'm moving it a little around what if bella had twins instead of just renesmee and what if jacob never met renesmee when she was born. Hope you guys like it. I don't own twilight [Renesmee Pov]I sometimes feel out of place while being with my family is not so easy to always be around people who are so outgoing My name is Renesmee Cullen I was born 8 years ago and look about 17 teen I was a really big surprise to my family But i guess the bigger surprise happen the day i was born when my sister esther was born minutes after me it was like since that she stole everyone's hearts hey don't get me wrong i love my sister but she just loves the attention and i'm more of a quite person than she has ever been My family moved away from folks just two days after me and esther were born I do often hear my parents talk about it but i guess i have never known the reason why they decide to move and never care to ask. I don't think my parents give special treatment toward me or my sister but i do think my other family members do which i don't mind but hey that's just me I have always just wish to have someone who gives me their full attention just like how i see my parents and aunts and uncles that's something i'm looking forward to well thank god daddy isn't here right now because i pretty much think he would be pretty angry if he heard my thoughts my family is super over protective with me they haven't allow me to date which i think is very unreasonable since my sister has dated pretty much who ever she has wanted I sometimes think there not a person out there who's really worth not going by my father rules. [Jacob pov] Ever since bella decided her own faith is like the world had a different meaning to me i never actually understood why would she want just a bad life when she could had have the perfect life with me throughout the years i had have all of this questions going through my mind but i guess i would never know. I heard threw seth mind that bella had twins and that she move away right after it i just never care to go and look for her or her stupid kids. After bella left i became my own alpha i was just so tired of having to follow sam around and i was sure not born to follow him i was the rightful alpha and i was positive i wanted to be my own boss, Right after i left sam pack leah and seth follow which i was happy for since they were my truly close friends leah was tired of seeing how happy sam was every time they phase together and seth well let's just say he is in fact my best friend. " Yo Jake what are the plans for tonight " And i almost forgot today was friday night which would include me having more fun than i should . " i don't know why ask if we do the same every other friday" " well just checking if you maybe change your mind and decide to get laid like last friday after i waiting for you man that was just not cool " " well not my fault mia call right before we were suppose to meet up " " yeah yeah jake we all know your excuses you forget about everyone when you see a pretty ass" .Mia was my girl to go to when i needed to have fun she was pretty and all but i just don't need nothing serious which she said she understood but i heard she has been trying find out about the other girls i been with and i might have to let her go because i don't need nobody to be attached to me is not like i'm planning on being serious so why hurt her after all she is pretty cool. "We'll be ready at 8 or im leaving your ass " i knew what everyone said behind my back how i only care about getting laid which was true but yet i had my own business so can't a guy have a little fun. " Jake are there actually any girls left that you haven't been with i'm surprised they even try to get under your pants" Leah said leah was the only woman who was actually a friend and sometimes she was just so annoying " well i guess they just all want to get a piece of this " . "are there any pieces left because i think you have given quite enough already" "Tonight we would find out " i never really thought about it but i guess if no new girls want me i could always go back to the old ones they always want more after being with me. [Esther poh] "Aunt alice i need to go shopping i have a party to attend tonight can we go now" " can i just say this is why i love you so much i'm so glad you share my taste in fashion because bella and renesmee dont im so glad that you like fashion if not the same or more than me " " well is just because renesmee is so boring i'm honestly just thinking she would end up alone " . " Esther you know edward would not allow you to go if he heard what you just said about renesmee " " well thats why im glad they aren't here right now so, can we go now ". "yes we can now shop till there's nothing left to shop " It pretty much annoys me how my family is so over protective over renesmee not my fault she chooses to be the angelic daughter mom and dad want . which makes me glad they left for a couple of weeks for according to them to have husband and wife time which i didn't really care about it just meant i was free to do whatever i wanted and think of whatever i wanted since dad wasn't here to read my mind Is great to not have to always be under control and not think about the fact that i lost my virginity a year ago and to my surprise i been very good at hiding it and hiding all of my other times with many other dudes. I have only dated humans and since me and renesmee can pretty much live on human food and we both kind of find it good it pretty much makes it easier to be with humans since i'm not really tempted to eat them l haven't really found a guy worth my time of day just one night stands but as soon as i do i would do everything in my power for him to be mine forever. Tonight i'm going to bar close to where my parents met , since is not really far from where we live some friends told me it's the spot to have fun i have to check it out myself And of course my aunt alice told me to take renesmee which i never want to since everyone finds her more interesting which i don't know why since she is no fun compare to me and a lot of people think she's prettier which is ridiculous since we look the same except for the hair she has long brown hair and brown big eyes and she's a little more taller and her skin is closer to what mom skin was when she was human mines looks pretty much lighter and i have long black hair with dark big eyes . this are only the small things that make us different and i love because when it comes to me i love to have all the attention to myself. [ Renesmee pov] Esther came to the room a couple of minutes ago asking if i wanted to go to a party with her which pretty much surprise me since she has never actually taken me anywhere is like she acts like i would embarrass her or something And I really didn't want to go but would i ever find that special person always being at home i guess not. So i got up and walk toward her room . " umm esther" " does ms innocent want to say something" " well i decide to go with you tonight " " well look at what we have here i guess ms i never break a glance wants to step out of her little box " " Esther why do you always have to have a comment can't you just be glad i'm going without no little comment " i sometimes can't stand Esther comments she acts as if i portrayed myself as perfect when i really don't. "Heyy renesmee no reason to get your attitude , well be ready by 8:30 and please ask aunt alice to dress you up nice you don't need to be dressing like you are going for a walk " "Alright " This is one of the reason i love having separate rooms because Esther can pretty much get under anybody skin is like her own personal job. I didn't see anything wrong with the way i dress compare to my sister i pretty much dress very decent she pretty much dress as if she made the wrong move all her body parts would show. Which makes me think how does dad even allow her to dress like that well she has always had dad around her little finger nevertheless i would say the whole family which is why she gets away with everything. I walked toward the living room towards where my aunts and uncles were i love them and i know they love me but sometimes they can get under my skin too which i didn't like so much. "Um aunt alice can you help me dress up for tonight i'm going somewhere with esther" and with that they all had eyes of amusements like when you discovered something unreal yea sure i get why i'm like a party pooper always home never wanting to go out but their reactions were pretty much getting me uncomfortable " i never thought i would hear this words from you , of course i would help you sweety is my pleasure" I don't know if this would be good or bad but hey is a step out of my comfort zone . Aunt alice helped me pick out a short black tight dress with long boots up to my knees , while aunt rosalie did my hair and makeup i pretty much look like a different person and if they could cry im sure they would have. After getting ready and doneit was about 8:20 pm and i walk into Esther room and her face almost hit the floor. " dammmm Renesmee how can you possible look this good " And this was in fact the nicest thing she has ever said to me " thanks sister i would never look as good as you though " i said and to be honest i really believe this i always thought my sister was the better looking one even if everyone said i was the prettier twin. [Esther pov ] When renesmee walked into my room i pretty much couldn't believe it she was looking so gorgeous and it actually