Bella sat up in bed abruptly, confused and disoriented and feeling unbelievably turned on. A blush crept it's way up her neck and into her cheeks as she looked around the unfamiliar room, remembering where she was. After a moment she let herself fall backward on the bed and covered her face, groaning. As embarrassed as she was, she was still six kinds of hot and bothered. It really had been one hell of a dream. Maybe she'd gotten really lucky and not made noises in her sleep, but she knew there was no hiding the emotional signature from Jasper. She allowed herself to remember it, a small smile twitching at the corners of her lips. Until she felt her bed shaking. Wiping a hand down her face just enough to peer out through the cracks between her fingers, she saw Jasper, shuddering with barely suppressed laughter. Something clicked in Bella's brain at that moment. The douchebag had woken her up. "Sleep well?" he managed to get out before his laughter exploded into the room. Bella closer her eyes and took a deep breath. She exhaled completely before drawing another. Then, she screamed, "Get. OUT!" Jasper took his sweet time standing and sauntering from the room, snickering the entire way. "Asshole," she muttered, knowing full well that he could hear her. "You chose this," his singsong voice came floating back down the hall. Bella thought there was not a single thing he could have said to infuriate her more in that moment. - Jasper had been right. She did choose her current situation. Technically. Not that there were a whole hell of a lot of alternatives at the time. After Edward left, Bella fell apart. Then she learned to put herself back together. If he wanted her to live a normal human life, whatever. Fine. She could do that. So she did. As well as a teenage girl who knew about the existence of vampires could, anyway. She even moved on, a little. Not with anyone, but just enough to realize that maybe her relationship with Edward hadn't been the healthiest. What did they have in common, anyway? With the rose-tinted goggles having been ripped off her so violently, she saw that they probably had nothing but a passing infatuation. In any situation, they definitely didn't have anything that would hold them together for all time. Clearly not on his end, anyway. And the more she looked back, the more she realized it wouldn't have lasted on her end, either. She figured she'd just about burned the majority of her bridges with the normal kids at school, and that was fine with her. She'd been told over and over again that she wasn't normal, after all. Being dumped by a vampire and having a bestie who morphed into a giant wolf definitely gave her a reason to be the weird one. Oddly, she didn't actually wish for things to be any other way. She went ahead and wore the 'weirdo' label with a sense of pride. What the hell did those kids know, anyway? She allowed her friendship with Jake to grow, but only so far - especially once she found out what he was. She was done with being in love with the supernatural and not being able to be part of the club. He still had his obvious crush, but she didn't lead him on or give him any reason to think he had a snowball's chance in hell. It all worked fine in her opinion, until the day of her motorcycle crash. She'd swerved to avoid a fatass skunk in the road, only to smash into a tree. She'd come around in the hospital later on to Alice's relieved and angry face, along with a lot of bumps and bruises and scratches and a nasty headache. Until Alice had arrived, Jake hadn't left her side - and because Alice couldn't see around wolves, she'd thought Bella dead. As did the rest of the Cullen coven. Edward went to play martyr in Italy, Bella and Alice went to save him, and after a couple promises made concerning Bella's human status, a few creepy offers rejected, some thinly veiled threats, and a whole lot of looks that made Bella wonder if she looked like a walking steak to these people, they were free to go. On the way home, Alice had taken Bella aside and informed her that Edward was planning on asking for Bella to take him back, and would not at all like her negative response. In fact, it would be very much in Bella's interest to take the escape route Alice had taken the liberty of setting up. The alternative was death, no matter which way the chips fell. Death by Jake trying to keep Edward away from her, or death by Edward draining her, or death by the Volturi, because Edward would never allow anyone else to taste her blood, even to save her life. She chose the escape option because she was pretty sure she didn't feel like dying painfully quite yet. It never even occurred to her to give Edward another chance. - "Honestly, Charlotte, what the fuck?" Bella griped, poking at her cereal. She'd managed to get past her embarrassment enough now to be angry, and Charlotte happened to be in the kitchen, so she got to hear the whole story. "I don't know what to tell ya, sugar. He seems to get unusual satisfaction from screwing with you." "I don't even know if it was my own dream, or if he manipulated my emotions to make me have it," she whined. "Oh, now that I do know," Charlotte nodded seriously and leaned in conspiratorially. "See, about an hour before you woke, he started seemin' all distracted, looking toward your room and fidgetin' a lot. Eventually he made it up there, and you know the rest, but seems to me that you got under his skin. Not the other way 'round." Bella took a bite of her breakfast, a little more aggressively than was necessary, and chewed thoughtfully while she pondered Charlotte's revelation. - Alice's escape plan just so happened to be an absolutely terrifying experience. During a layover, Bella had slipped into the ladies' room for a breather from her would-be murderous vampire ex, and promptly been kidnapped by an unknown ladypire. She was bound, gagged, blindfolded and thrown unceremoniously into a backseat - a fact she could only really tell by the cushioning. Then, she'd been driven somewhere, for a length of time she couldn't determine, partially because she fell asleep. When she'd come to, it was to a grinning Jasper wiping the drool from her chin with his finger. Had she known then that he was mocking her, she might have put up a bigger fuss and tried to get out of the vehicle. Instead, she smiled at him as best she could around her gag and was glad to see a familiar face. She assumed he'd put her back out immediately, because the next thing she knew she was waking up in an unfamiliar bed with her bonds removed and clothes changed. Charlotte had walked right in at that point, introducing herself and talking a mile a minute. Bella later realized it was because she'd been a little nervous, but at the time it was all she could do to keep up. Charlotte apologized for the binding and gagging thing, saying she wasn't sure how far she needed to go to make it look real, so she just went whole hog about it. Then, she reassured Bella that she had changed her clothing herself - no, no, the boys didn't see any naughty bits or her granny panties. Which, by the way, Charlotte happened to know a great store for 'real' underwear, which just so happened to have free shipping online this week. As soon as she said 'online', Bella knew they were going to be great friends. - After breakfast, Bella wandered outside for some alone time. She'd grabbed a random book on her way out the door, but in truth she had no intention of reading. She just wanted an excuse not to have to socialize. Some vampires around this place didn't seem to understand that their company was not always welcome. She settled herself into a chair on the deck, opened the book's cover, and started to ponder her morning a bit more fully. Had she really affected Jasper in such a way? If that was the case, why was he being such a shit to her? It was bad enough that she had these dreams. She had them often, actually, since she'd gotten over the shock of Edward leaving her. She shrugged it off as teenage hormones. It's not like the male participants ever had a face or a distinct voice. She was definitely the star in her nighttime mind movies. Usually, she just took care of things when she woke up like she had today. When she did, she could usually go a little while without having one. The only problem was, now she lived in a house with three super-hearing vampires, and that was pretty much a mood killer. There was no way Bella could think of that might make her alright with the idea of getting herself off knowing she could be heard - and felt. There was also no way she was getting them to leave the house. The deal was that she not be left entirely alone until after her change, in case Edward happened to be dumb enough to try coming for her and stumble upon his opportune moment. Even in her frustrated state, she recognized that her safety was more important than an orgasm. The struggle was real, though. She shifted a bit, trying to focus on just about anything else. The book she'd grabbed just so happened to be one of Charlotte's bodice rippers. Awesome. - "You're an idiot," Charlotte said, flopping over the edge of the sofa opposite Jasper. He'd been staring out the window at Bella. The length of time she was spending on that particular page didn't escape him. Nor did the feeling emanating from her. He turned his gaze to Charlotte without moving his head, waiting for her to elaborate. He didn't have to wait long. "Just what is it you think you're doing with her, anyway? Why bother to embarrass her all the time?" "At first, it wasn't intentional," he admitted. "Then, it was just fun and easy." "And now?" Jasper was silent. Peter eventually supplied, "Now, it's the only way she pays him any attention at all." He sighed. He never really could get much past these two. "I don't know what else to do, really." "You like her, don't you?" "That's not even worth entertaining until she's changed, and you both know that." "And who will be doing the changing?" Jasper growled, and the couple fell over themselves laughing. - After Charlotte had swept from the room, Bella had risen from the bed to find some clothes and found a letter addressed to her on top of the dresser. She correctly assumed who it was from, and read it so greedily that she needed to stop and read it again. This was no short missive, and the information in it was both a bit of a shock and important to Bella's continued well being. First, Alice had laid out a few strict rules for her happiness and survival. One, that she absolutely must be changed as per her agreement with the Volturi, before her next birthday. Bella had made her choice on that count in Volterra, and changing her mind now would be catastrophic on many levels. Second, that she needed to spend at least a little while human first, to let things settle in her mind and to prepare herself. If she didn't, her anger afterward would be out of control, which could lead to some very horrifying