This is my first attempt at a T rated fanfic story. It seems weird after years of never writing smut, to write it for several months and then try to write something without it. But I couldn't bring myself to write a lemon for Tolkein. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. This story takes place in the part in The Return of the King, after Faramir and Eowyn were healed by Aragorn at the House of the Healing. I wanted to elaborate on what happened during the weeks when they were both in the care of the healers while everyone else was fighting for the fate of them all. As far as being based on the movie or the book more, it tends to be more faithful to the book with the exception of the character changes made to Faramir to make him more human in his actions, allowing him a place to aspire to, instead of being a man of great esteem from the start. Also, much will follow in the vein of what happens after that point, but I am taking some creative license to fit in a little sport and have fun with two of my favorite characters! Hope you like what I cooked up. Thanks to my super beta, A Cullen Wannabe. She got this chapter back to me lightning fast and helped push me to make it better. Thanks for the love, hon. In the days and weeks that followed the Battle of Pelennor Fields, much changed for those in the care of the Warden. In their time together, The White Lady of Rohan and the newly named Steward of Gondor grew to know each other as Eowyn and Faramir. Their daily walks in the gardens of the House of the Healing worked wonders on Faramir as his strength returned and he saw hope in the Princess that he had not yet known in his 35 years. Yet he saw the melancholy that had haunted her steps had waned but a little, and this troubled him greatly. On one such day he went to the garden as he often did to meet his fellow captive, but this day he did not bring good tidings. "My Lord." Faramir turned to see Eowyn dressed in a pale blue dress, his mother's robe of deep blue with the stars that filled the night's sky embroidered on the fabric that clung to her slight frame. "My Lady, may we not after all these days drop the formality? I have news for you, but I know not how you will take it." "It isn't…dear God, not my brother. Please tell me that Eomer has not been harmed-" Faramir took Eowyn's forearms in his hands, steadying her as he broke into her worried torrent. "Eowyn, your brother is well, and the news from the fields has not changed. The news is of me. The Warden has seen me fit to take up the charge of the Steward of Gondor while the Lord Aragorn is still in battle. Tonight I return to the chambers that once housed my father and take his seat on the lower throne in the Great Hall of Minas Tirith." "You leave me here? I did not see your desertion coming, sir; but I understand it. I only wish that I was not left here alone. Even Merry has gone with the Fellowship to meet whatever end comes to them. When will I see the land beyond these walls, Faramir?" "My dear Lady, you must give me a chance to take up my position. Do you not remember the promise I made to do for you whatever was within my power to do? The power is mine now to wield, and I swear to you that I will rattle the bars of your cage some. Keep faith." Eowyn's eyes fell to the ground. "Forgive me, Lord Faramir, I should not have eluded that I think so little of you. Of course I believe you to be true to your word. It is just that I will miss your company and the walks we have taken. You don't treat me as though I was a glass ornament to be looked upon but never removed from its place of reverence." "I do not think that your people see you in such a light. You are the great warrior of Rohan, the one who slew the evil no living man could kill. Even before then, your uncle asked you to take up his place as leader while he went to war, a duty you cast aside in following him to battle." "Is it your intent to shame me, Faramir?" Eowyn pulled away and looked off into the mountains beyond the wall. "No, that was never my intent. I was simply trying to illustrate that you are of value to many beside me. You know not what your friendship has meant to me. I fear that without your aid, I would be in far worse shape than I am at the moment." "Once again, you give me too much praise. I am no healer, I do not have a light touch and I am far deadlier with a wooden spoon than I could ever be with a sword." Faramir took her hand. He led her to a bench near the wall and looked deep into her eyes. "But that, my friend, is how you have healed me. Anyone can tend an injured body, but you have healed my very soul. I regret that I must return to the Citadel, but please remain here. I will come to visit as often as my position allows." "I will wait for your coming, and any news it may bring." Faramir took his friend's face in his hands and kissed her forehead before resting his upon it. Pulling away, he exited the House of the Healing and returned to the Citadel. Days passed with little but the change from day to night to alert Eowyn of the passage of time. Faramir had not come to see her, and her privileges had not been extended. She did not blame him for leaving her while more pressing matters were at hand, but as her mind grew restless, her body grew weaker. She continued to fade slowly until the day, some five days after his release from confinement, did Faramir see the Warden himself waiting in the outer chamber of the Throne Room. Faramir's smile grew as he thought of the tongue lashing that would have driven the Warden to inquire about any changes in Eowyn's care, but the words that were soon spoken stilled his heart. "My Lord Steward, Lady Eowyn is most unwell." "What is it, a relapse?" "No. She has been stoic since your departure, but it wasn't until one of the ladies went to rouse her this morning that we realized the severity of it. She will not rise." The doors to the Citadel soon flew open as the Steward ran across the square and into the House of the Healing. Following the familiar halls, he soon reached the room he had arranged for Eowyn to have after they first met, for it had the best view eastward. Opening her door, he saw her form in the bed and rushed to her side. "Eowyn? Please, awaken." Her eyes fluttered for a moment before the grey of her eyes met the same shade in his. "I told them not to worry you with news of me." "Why would you do such a thing? It is a great worry for me to see you such as this. It is unbearable. I would take your place in that bed if it were within my power…" then a thought entered his mind. "Yet, I know some things that are. Warden?" He called as the man entered the room where Faramir knelt beside the woman he now knew would be the only one to hold his heart. "This House will be a residence for the Lady, but she will no longer be confined. Each morning, I, or one of my guards, if I am unable, will come and fetch her. She will spend the day seeing our city under a watchful eye and will return here each evening. Now, fetch me a small carriage, for I fear the Lady is too weak to walk the streets today." Faramir wrapped his mother's robe about her shoulders. He then swung her into his arms as he carried her towards the front doors and to the waiting cart, which was padded with a down mattress and several pillows to make it suitable for riding in. Eowyn was lowered into the cart and Faramir climbed in as well, wrapping her in blankets for propriety and warmth as they set off for the lower levels of the city. As they explored, color returned to her cheeks and a smile graced her lips. Her laughter peeling and echoing off the high walls of the city. "This reminds me of the races in Rohan as a child. A majority of them were simply a man and his horse, but for those too weak to ride, they fashioned carts and they had a race of their own. That was my first race, although I do not remember it much myself." "Who told you the story?" Faramir was excited to hear this story as it brought some true animation out of her. "My brother, Eomer. It was a race between the members of the royal family. My father rode with Eomer and me with him while my cousin Theodred rode with King Théoden. According to Eomer, my father gave me the reins and I was the one driving the cart when we won. He always tells me I was the youngest Rohirrim to win an official race." "Did they make the royal race an annual event?" Eowyn looked out at the buildings they rode past. "No. My father was killed my Orcs a few months later, and my mother died soon after. The King still allowed the cart races, but we were made to ride on our own. When I was too young, Eomer bore me on his horse, so that I would know how to carry myself on a horse when I was allowed to take lessons. My brother and cousin took particular care to teach me riding and swordplay. They are largely responsible for my skill." "I'm sorry; I didn't mean to bring up painful memories." Faramir took her hand and she turned back to him. "Do not apologize. It may not be the happiest time to think on, but it is what made me who I am today. It is what led me to Windfola." "Windfola?" Faramir looked down where Eowyn had rested her head against his shoulder. "She was my horse. My uncle had her sired for me and when I was old enough to take a new horse, I was presented with her. She was a fine horse, easy to disguise, which is an important thing for a Princess that would sneak out to ride. I won many races paired with her. Besides my King, she was the most tragic loss I suffered on the fields of Pelennor." "Windfola was your horse in the battle?" Faramir looked on in sadness, for he knew that to the people of Rohan, their horses were revered as cherished member of the family. "If I had known…" "There is nothing you could have done for her." "But I could have done something to ease your pain. You've lost so much." "I will endure it, as the women of my land have always done." Eowyn spoke no more of Rohan that afternoon and Faramir did not press the