Disclaimer Chapter 1- I have no mouth and I must scream ?, 2023 The candle flickered, casting strange shadows over the page. It was the only source of light; there were no scones, for the edges were sharp and tempting, and no windows either, they knew his every secret ability. His remaining fingers, scarred and crooked and old, scraped across the paper with a thin rasp. There was an hourglass in the corner. He could barely hear the hiss of sand coarse against his remaining ear. That there was no sand behind the shattered glass didn't quiet the sound any more than breaking the time-turner had stopped time. It must have been winter, or else late fall. The cold strained inside his bones and he could feel the damp of a rainstorm outside. There was a respectful knock at the reinforced door. "Professor? Are you awake?" He didn't reply. The door creaked open briefly, letting in a gust of air and snuffing the candle out. "Professor?" Severus' dull black eyes squinted at the bright doorway. His face, wrinkled and ravaged by war, was perfectly blank but his hands shook over the book. Draco shuffled over, lighting the candle again with a casual flick of his wand before hastily stuffing it away in an enchanted holder. They both knew the Dark Master forbade Snape access to any form of weapon even as the spy's sharp mind and quick reflexes deteriorated in the secluded darkness. His former student sat down slowly, staring at the blazing wick. He cleared his throat after a moment, watching his godfather and prisoner out of the corner of his eye. "Pansy's pregnant again." He smiled weakly, looking for the tiniest glimmer of emotion from the captured spy. Severus opened his mouth, felt the musty air rush over the empty space, and shut it with a defeated click. He watched Draco unblinkingly. The young man coughed into his hand and continued in a tight voice, "Daedalus asked about you, wanted to see his favourite teacher." They were both silent, but Malfoy could almost, almost hear the professor's sharp retort 'a teacher of death eaters, it seems'. Certainly, he could see the helplessly enraged spark in the older man's eyes. He got to his feet with a mournful sigh, ready to give up, when his lowered gaze drifted over to the book laid open across the desk. Long distant time-travel, a fanciful thought in the mind of a modern wizard, was a developed skill among the Men in Saffron - "Already?" He asked quietly. Draco loosened the wand holder with frozen, clumsy fingers, wincing slightly as it hit the ground. "If this doesn't work..." The heir voice shook and died. Snape's stony eyes softened minutely. Draco could lose everything. Draco drew in a deep breath and left without looking back, locking the door behind him. A faint smile floated to the surface of Severus' impassive face as he hobbled over and scooped it up. He wouldn't have much time and no more chances. Too much was at stake. Severus came back to himself slowly, in bits and pieces. First, was he injured? Ten fingers and eight toes wiggled obediently, a higher number than he had gone to sleep with. Muscles tightened and relaxed, some of which he knew had been torn out years ago. The simple taste of sleep souring his tongue was enough to trigger a wave of emotion that he barely managed to choke back. Next, was he alone? Hearing that had decayed under an onslaught of screams and curses jumped to attention, filtering out the sound of his own heart-beat and breathing. Complete silence. The last question was the most important; where was he? Severus risked opening one eye a sliver, knowing the lashes would hide his black gaze, and glanced cautiously around. He was in bed, in his old Hogwart's quarters that he had last seen crumbling in a blaze of Fiendfyre. The walls were blank, the floor bare, the furniture lacking and in need of repair; yes, it was home. Severus opened both eyes fully and clutched at his bedding with miraculously straight fingers, swallowing hard while his watery gaze locked on the stone ceiling. It took a few minutes to gather himself enough to rise, still clinging to his blankets like a frightened child, and stumble into the bathroom. The light was aching in his mind, though the actual physical eyes were used to it and Snape stomped down the urge to crawl into a spare cubby, wrapped up in the blanket. Soundless night had a way of rubbing off on a person. The potions master stepped up to the mirror. His skin was still pale and unhealthy, but it seemed like porcelain after the ghastly mug he had grown reluctantly used to. His hair, though greasy, wasn't shorn down to his skull or shot through with grey and save for the familiar bulk of his badly broken nose, Severus' face was largely free of scars. He leaned closer to the reflection, watching the grey fog spread under his breath, searching his eyes for a hint of the torture, years spent wasting away in isolation, filled with spite and fury and regret. His body was disrespectfully hale. Severus lifted one spindly hand, clenched tight under the blanket, and shattered the mirror. Glass shards tore apart the material and scattered dangerously around his bare feet. He stood in the bathroom for several seconds, breathing hard, jaw tight, before stepping carelessly through the mess and back to his bed. His wand was under his pillow, just like it always was in the golden days. It felt like the handshake of an old friend, but squirmed unhappily in his tight grip. He cast tempus wordlessly and the wand reluctantly obeyed; it wasn't his anymore, the spy had changed too much. He would need a new wand. 6:13 AM, August 7, 1995 Severus had gone back almost thirty years. Not far enough to save Lily or stop the Dark Master's return, but far enough to win the War. He got dressed hastily, cleaning the blood from his feet with a forceful swish and shoved on dragon-hide boots. He had lost all feeling in his hands and feet from years of Cruciatus curse but the pain in his toes reminded him that the damage wasn't as extensive yet. Severus was almost to the door, feverish at the thought of seeing Albus, Minerva, Fillius, even the dratted, long-dead dunderheads, when he realised that he couldn't even remember half the children, never mind his schedule, small recent events, who he had been quarreling with- He sat on his couch, staring out into the distance. This wouldn't be easy. He summoned a piece of parchment, quill, and inkpot wandlessly and quickly jotted down; 1995. Umbridge, DA group, Ministry attack, Black dies. Snape tapped the quill against the pot, revealing in the steadiness of his hands. The past was more important to remember at the moment, so he drew a line through the sentence and continued. 1994. Dark Mas- He hissed impatiently and crossed out the word. It hadn't happened yet. Dark Lord returns. Diggory dies. HQ at Grimmauld. He looked over it a few times. Yes, that seemed like the basics. He could blame not recalling who won Quidditch or some nonsense on his anti-social nature. He remembered something else, Albus wants Potter to learn Legilimency. Potter is still a brat. He underlined the last part several times. Before, they had developed a grudging respect for each other's skill and determination, even when it seemed they were on opposite sides. One of his greatest regrets was that Potter had died thinking he was the only Order member left, the last man standing. There was a pocket of resistance in Whales, hidden by a Secret Keeper. Severus had been discovered four years after Potter's death, almost immediately following the Whales group's discovery. Severus read the short list several times before crumpling it up and burning it with a thought. Separation from both his tongue and his wand made silent wandless spells second-nature. He had the thread when it came to the past, or so he hoped, but Snape wasn't sure what to do now. What was the most important task? Destroy the Dark M-Lord , he thought firmly, keep everyone alive, if possible. Albus and Potter, at the very least . His floo chimed, nearly sending the time-traveler into panic. The name Minerva McGonagall flashed in red over the dead fireplace. It could have been worse; it could have been Albus. The Legilimens slammed his walls firmly into place. They, at least, had only grown stronger with age, and a wizard's magic was more closely tied to the mind than the body. After checking his mental defenses thoroughly, Severus answered the floo call. Minerva's head appeared in the swirling flames, fierce and alive. The spy bit down on the inside of his cheek. It had been a nasty curse that took the old lioness down, a flesh devouring spell that started at the toes and worked its way up - "Severus?" The feline animagus said, looking concerned. Snape got the impression that she had called his name a few times. "Are you alright?" The potions master opened his mouth to reply and hesitated instinctively. "Yes," He stated without inflection. "You.. woke me up." His voice was foreign and rough to his ears, and he caught himself pausing mid-sentence to listen with surreal fascination. How long had it been since he last talked? Before Daedalus was born, four, eight, ten years? Ten years since he lost his tongue? "Is something wrong?" Minerva squinted skeptically at the spy through the flames. "Harry Potter's hearing has been scheduled. It's on the 12th." The hearing! He had almost forgotten about that. Hadn't he refused to act as guard detail? The Dementors, he remembered. Never could stand them. They were a favourite tool of the Dark Lord's and Severus had been unable to summon a patronus since the death of the Headmaster. "Did you need me?" The witch was definitely suspicious now. Severus Snape was never helpful. "Are you sure you're not sick, Severus?" She asked kindly. "If you don't need me," Snape sneered coldly, "I am returning to bed." Minerva perked up immediately. That was more like the snarky young potions master she knew. "Albus has asked you to be a guard during the trial. The won't convict, they can't," she assured him confidently, "but just in case..." "I am to act as a scapegoat then? Grab the brat and run when they want to slap his wrist?" " Azkaban is no slap on the wrist!" Minerva snapped angrily. "Unless you are a death eater, that is!" Severus bowed his head slightly. It was a low blow, they both knew it. He must have stepped over the line, he thought mournfully. It had been too long. Through the comforting curtain of his hair, he saw McGonagall flinch guiltily. "Ah'm sorry, Severus." She apologetically sighed. "Ah did'n' mean that." Strange, the things that he had once hardly noticed were suddenly important. Minerva's Scottish accent always thickened when she was upset, like how Lily's Southern and his Irish ones popped up when they argued. "I'll attend," Severus pretended to sound reluctant and annoyed. "After all, you never can know when a death eater will pop up disguised as an owl." His lips twitched slightly. Minerva smiled, amused and relieved. "Don't give them any ideas! The hearing is at 9 am. I'll tell Albus you agreed." The flames vanished abruptly and Snape fell back onto his couch like his strings had been cut. Ten minutes with Minerva had him feeling like a wrung-out sock, how would he be able to face Potter, never mind Albus? Severus rubbed his wand, drawing strength from the familiar grooves and bumps. He had a few days to recover. He would make it count. The first thing the time-traveling spy did was buy a