Hy guys! So this is my first Harry Potter fanfic, and I have a warning: it will be very loooong. I'm going to talk about sometimes violent or hard themes, which might bother some, and there will probably be slash (much further). This fic is rated for a reason! I may do some mistakes as English isn't my native language, feel free to point them out if it annoys you. Anyway, I hope you will like it! Warning: violence, blood A New Order Prologue Harry was 10 when he heard the voice for the first time. He was waiting in the living room, his eyes staring at the floor. He knew what was coming. He was used to it. Monster. They liked to call him that. Freak, Degenerate, Animal. His uncle liked to beat him; Harry knew that. He could see it on his uncle's face, he could read it in his mind. His aunt Petunia just sat and watched, but she never moved or did anything. She was just staring at him with contempt, while her son was laughing and encouraging his father. Harry had learned to stop screaming. He stopped crying, he never begged, for it would only bring more pain. Uncle Vernon liked to see him hurt, because he was scared and hateful. Harry knew it. And uncle Vernon, through his dull mind, knew that Harry knew as well, in a way. It only enraged him more. This time, Vernon had chosen a metallic bar to hit his nephew. He didn't have any purpose to it, he was angry, and Harry existed. But this time, Vernon didn't look like he would stop beating him. Harry heard his bones crack, until he couldn't hold his screams, and started to see black dots in front of his eyes. He was already so fragile, he hadn't eaten anything in the last three days. He was staring at Petunia. Help me, his eyes said, for it might be your last chance to help me. Then the voice came. Harry... He didn't notice it. He was in pain, like never before. He couldn't concentrate on anything else than the pain of the cold metallic bar breaking his bones into pieces, the screams of his cousin, the blank stare of Petunia until he passed out from the pain. Harry woke up at the same place he had fainted, in the middle of the Dursley's living room. Everything was dark around him. The clock's ticks were the only sound in the room. He tried to get up, but he couldn't. He looked at his leg. Broken, obviously. The pain was unbearable, but he didn't scream, nor cry. Doing it would be admitting that they had won, that they had broken him. He wasn't broken. He only needed some bandages, he told himself, and a safe place to rest. But the pain doesn't stop when you want it to. It isn't that simple. The biggest part of his wounds had already healed. He tried to breathe slowly, focusing on it for a moment. It was one of the reasons they hated him. He was able to do things. They couldn't understand it, so they wanted it to disappear. He hated them for that. He could forgive the hate, he could forgive the insults, but the pain, even after he had healed himself, the pain stayed. Harry felt his heart rushing trough his feelings. He couldn't fully understand how he felt. He was sad, terrified, angry, and tired, so tired; and that combination was literally hurting his heart. He pressed his hand against his chest, screaming silently, trying to make it go away. But it wouldn't. Around him, a dark dust was slowly spreading, and everything started shaking. He looked around, seeking for anything that might help him. This was when he saw them: the knives, waiting patiently, shining coldly under the moonlight illuminating the room. He felt his heart calm down. Somehow, he finally rose, while staring at the knives. They were hypnotic. He wasn't thinking anymore. He only took one of them, slowly, enjoying the noise of the blade against the folder. It was a real melody, something cold, calm. A blade's lullaby. The pain in his legs seemed to have moved into some sort of determination, of nothingness. He could feel it, but it was like it was somebody else's. He wasn't even shaking. His body and mind were blank. He only remembered what his cousin said to him, only a few hours earlier, when he saw Harry trying to escape the house silently. " Nobody would even notice if you died, freak". If that so , he thought, nobody will never notice if I happen to kill you, my dear . They would notice the Dursleys's absence, and in a day or two find the bodies, but who would remember the little pile of rags which used to be somewhere in the corner? Slowly, he limped into the stairs, one step after the other. His leg was bleeding, and he did his best to ignore the pain, which was slowly returning. It was a living hell. Not that it changed from usual, but for the first time he was acknowledging it. Somehow, he felt like someone was helping him. He felt like someone was actually trying to cast the pain away. Poor me, he thought, Am I so lonely that I'm making imaginary friends? He pushed the door to the Dursleys's room. They were here, silently sleeping, peaceful. Disgusting. At this very moment, he knew how superior he was, how scared of him, how tiny, how helpless they were. He knew that he had something more. His shadow grew on their sleeping bodies, and for an instant, he thought it was like death was already over them. His hand tightened on the knife. Do it... He moved silently, and stood on the mattress, over his uncle. He will start with him, not only because he was the most dangerous, but because Petunia loved him. And above all people in this world, it was Petunia that he hated the most. He wanted to hurt her. Suddenly, Vernon opened his eyes. They looked at each other for a second. Harry could see himself, pale, green eyes glowing from the inside, unpleasant smile on his face, the knife shining in his hand. The hit Vernon sends into Harry's belly made the young boy fly across the room. Fear came back as he crashed on the corridor's floor and felt his ribs cracks. He immediately ran for his "room", the small cupboard under the stairs, half limping, half crawling, his uncle on his heels. In the panic, he had let the knife go. "COME BACK HERE YOU WORTHLESS PIECE OF-", he heard upstairs. He had to heal, he had to leave. Otherwise, he would die, he knew it. He tried to concentrate, but he was too frightened. He heard his uncle's footstep's on the stairs, he heard his mad thoughts. I'm going to kill this little brat, he doesn't belong to this world, how dare he raise his filthy hands on me... Harry couldn't breathe anymore. Partly because of the concentration he needed to fix his leg, partly because he now had ribs trying to pierce trough his lungs and every movement was painful. He tried to think of an escape. His neighbours wouldn't help, they never did. They were the same as the Dursleys, more quiet in the hatred, maybe. One of the children looked a bit like himself, he had the same cadaverous features, the sames wounds on his body, but not as often, maybe was he in a better situation, but what could two children could do more than one? He had no family. He couldn't have any friends as he was locked up most part of the year. He couldn't deal with the police, he was seeking freedom, not jail. Unless... His uncle was drumming at the door, but Harry wanted it closed, so it remained in place. But he couldn't go on like that. He had nowhere to go. His emotions were like a storm in his chest, and he felt like his skull was going to explode, to split in half from the lightning shaped scar he had on the forehead. " Get out of here! I'm going to fucking kill you!" his uncle shouted at the door. "No." The noises stopped as Uncle Vernon stood still under the shock. That was his chance. Harry threw himself through the door and jumped on him. He only needed a single touch. He put his hand on his uncle's, and looked into his eyes. Images came to his mind. He saw his uncle meeting Petunia. He saw the birth of Dursley. He saw many things he didn't want to, but he didn't care. Everywhere he passed, he destroyed everything. Memory after memory, neuron after neuron, in an instant uncle Vernon didn't exist anymore. He had become an object. A doll, a big reddish doll. Harry only noticed Petunia's screams when it was over. The boy violently turned towards her. She was holding her beloved son against her as if her only arms could save him from the boy. In the corridor, of her dull-faced husband, two green orbs were staring at her in the shadows. It only took an instant for Harry to put her out of his way. When his cousin finally fell on the floor, he sat into the couch. He never had the right to do so before, and the feeling was exquisite, even with the pain that made all his body shiver. He was exhausted, but he was mostly sad. His anger had faded away at the exact moment he knew he had won, and that he had won so easily. Now, he knew it was the only way, and that at one point or another he would have had to come to this. He had no way out, and this situation was the only one he could have ended in. He watched the bodies of his family laying on the floor, slowly breathing as he felt asleep, and for the first time in his life he wasn't afraid to wake up. He woke up at midday, and his leg was almost healed. He used to heal a lot quicker, but exhaustion and the gravity of his wounds had made his body weaker. The Dursleys were still on the floor, not giving any sign of independent movement. Even if he had the strongest will to get rid of them soon, Harry needed them. He needed money, and he needed to avoid suspicion. Luckily, it was Sunday, so their absence wouldn't be noticed. He rose his hand and focused on what he wanted them to do. They rose in the same shaky movement, and started to prepare breakfast. Their faces were blank. He would have to work on that, but for now he was full with joy as he commanded them to do as he saw fit. It was only after he painfully took his first shower of the week that the idea stroke him. He wasn't alone in this. He had seen the other boy making things levitating, he had seen how he was looking at him. He had to go and talk to him, to offer a sanctuary in this house. Here, he knew, they would be safe from the others. He went into his cousin's room, and started to move the furniture, as it would be his for now on. He chose his cousin's best clothes, dark trousers and a well-cut shirt, admired himself in the mirror. The clothes were obviously too big for him, but he felt better. He sat on the bed, which he had put just under the window for it was the first time he could look at the street without being chased or cleaning something, and thought about his plans. He had to make a choice. Would he himself enslaved (because