Summary: At age ten, Harry discovers his magic and has his scar burned off his head by a gang of muggles. Adopted by a thrown-together family of Hufflepuffs, he quietly begins researching Harry Potter in hopes that he can fake his own death and start life anew, having learned that attention was a bad omen. Meanwhile, neutral pureblood Emir Shafiq, quietly teaching himself beyond his year hoping to escape to the muggle world, begins to notice things about Castor Ptolemy Dee, the homeless muggleborn Hufflepuff that everybody else has taken at face value… 1 Quick feet raced over hard granite, knobbly knees shuddering and lungs heaving as Harry hopped over a temporary wire fence with mild effort and curved around a corner, the yells and snaps of weapons behind him. He had been lucky enough to go unnoticed by this sort until now, but running through the Surrey-serving marketplace, hopping around stalls and diving through produce, he wished he'd had something less drastic occur, perhaps to train him for this moment. It surely would have helped him avoid the thugs. Cursing his jangling pocket, and the small amount of remaining money squirreled away inside for his ride home, he dashed past an apple stall and dove behind a pear merchant, remaining only long enough to assure his pursuers were still inclined to chase after what little coin he had. I can't let them have it, he thought frantically, skidding past a foreign vendor selling little charms and keychains, if I give them the money I won't be able to get home. Shouts from behind him tempted him to react. Conflicted, he was distracted enough that he found himself run towards the thinner streets. He could feel a dull ache working its way through his Seeing another scowling face, he dodged to the side - and into a dark alley. He nearly tripped over his own feet trying to stop, turning around swiftly to keep his eyes on his pursuers while he looked for escape. He didn't bother to observe most of the gang, their leather jackets noticeable enough in the hot August air to tell them apart. The leader - at least who Harry assumed was the leader - reached forward and snatched up his chin, a cruel smirk marring the blond teen's face. "Alright, you know the drill, kid," He hissed, pushing Harry backwards into the wall. Still holding him by the chin, he reached towards something in his pocket. "Hand over what cash you've got. You don't want the alternative." Threats. Clear and simple. Harry honestly didn't want to cross this guy - he knew he had no chance of winning any fight. He'd almost started reaching for his pocket when he forcibly reminded himself what lay waiting for him if he didn't get home. Starvation on the streets. He pulled up memories of Vernon, threatening him, reminding him of how useless he was. Nobody would offer a freak money to get home; nobody would hire him for any kind of work, either. Without money, he would die alone and hungry... Conflicted, he said nothing, merely stared at the teen holding his face harshly in place and gulped. "A'right, you had your chance," the leader decided. "Oi, Rick, hold him still while I torch this guy." Before Harry could even register what he meant by 'torch', He was grabbed roughly. He squirmed, twisting violently until someone punched him in the stomach, forcing him to stop and heave. He abruptly noticed his glasses were gone and found himself staring at something made of gleaming metal, though he couldn't make out the details. There was no warning. Simply a click , a burst of flame, and a fierce burning sensation around his scar. He had withstood burning before, but on his fingertips when cooking, or his back or stomach when Petunia hit him with a hot pan. This was constant, and it wasn't long before he screamed, desperately kicking, though nothing worked. It felt like forever. An eternal moment where all that existed was a pain, a flux of incredible pain and numbness, then pain again, a constant pattern as his very skin crackled with fire. "Shut up !" The blond demanded. 'Rick' attempted to cover Harry's mouth, hands scrambling to avoid the blistering flames, but it was too late - he could hear frantic footsteps far off, getting closer, and the blond turned off the fire and dashed off. He slumped down, screwing his eyes shut, and breathed a shuddering sigh of relief. His head still ached and hurt, but there wasn't much he could do about that. There was no cold water to soak his burns in, no relief for his injuries. The voices were getting closer. He distinctly heard a feminine voice crying out, "That's right, get outta here!" as the gang fled, escaping the bad position as quickly as they could. He dared a look, eying the fuzzy shapes in an attempt to focus on them. A hand began patting down the ground around him, looking for his glasses, as a form approached him. Hearing and feeling his glasses - thank god they weren't broken again - he stuck them on his face and blinked. The girl approaching him had a strange aura about her. Casual sneakers slapped the pavement in a confident rhythm as she walked with purpose. Black jeans hugged her frame, and she finally stopped in front of him, digging into her duffel bag for something as a critical eye looked him over. Trying to focus made him dizzy. His forehead and cheek felt numb and tingly, as if he were trying to feel something but was being cut off. He groaned quietly, too distracted to think about the repercussions of the encounter just yet. "Hey, uh, hold still for a second," she requested. Fresh memories returned and Harry winced, but he did as told and held still, keeping his eyes on her dexterous hands as she snatched up a water bottle and a rather feminine pink cloth, considering her attire. She poured some strange green liquid onto the cloth from a glass bottle, and Harry did a double-take as it disappeared the moment it hit the material. Noticing where his eyes were wandering, she smirked. "Betcha didn't expect someone like me to have a frilly pink cloth, yeah? This one's special." She reached forward and gently began to clean his burn expertly, reviving the stinging pain slightly and making him wince. "Don't worry, little warrior. I'll get you cleaned up so you can go home." "Little warrior?" Harry repeated, bewildered. If he'd been in any state to notice, he would have seen the soft glow emanating from the cloth "Yeah," she agreed, finally taking away the damp cloth and stuffing it back into her bag. Just glancing in, he could see all manners of things - soaps and deodorants and packets of food, like some sort of survival set. "You didn't back down, kiddo. You made those bullies scared enough to get violent. So - warrior." Rising, she offered him a hand. "Can you stand? They got pretty rough with you." Harry nodded quietly, reaching out cautiously, and after a moment of indecision, snatched up her hand in a death-grip and pulled himself up. He could feel his body shaking mercilessly, but a solid hand on his shoulder kept him steady as they began walking. "So," she began, quickly steering him away from the police still chasing the gang off in the distance, "what brings a little guy like yourself to this neck of the woods?" "I was…" he gulped. "I was giving a book back to the library." Petunia had asked him to get a bunch of books last week and had promptly decided they were all useless, and today had remembered them and asked him to return them. She nodded. "Right. Honorable acts and all that. You got a way home?" Harry checked his pockets and felt his stomach drop. "Oh no," he murmured, checking his other pocket just in case. "Oh no. No, no, no…" "Hey, calm down, the fight's elsewhere," she insisted. "Take a breath, that's it, now tell me what's happened that's making you freeze up." A hand reached out and held him steady again, in a grip he could fight if he needed to, and in a jittery moment like this, he calmed himself down by focusing on the inconsequential. He read the patterned words on her shirt to a rhythm - Weird Sisters, Weird Sisters, Weird Sisters - until he was breathing steady again. "I," he choked out. Gulping, he corrected, "My money was stolen. I can't afford the ride home." She frowned. "Right. Where's your fam?" "At the house," he answered immediately. "Uncle Vernon is at work. If I don't get back on time to make dinner…" "If you don't get back?" she prompted, leading him to a bench. She flopped onto a seat and pulled him down with her, a gangly arm reaching around his shoulder. "Speak to me, little warrior. You're strong, yeah? You can tell me." Harry took a deep breath and went for it. "Vernon'll beat me if I don't get back in time to make dinner." For a terrible moment, there was silence. Then, quietly, she murmured, "I know how it is, little warrior. Nah, little don't do you justice. You're straight-up warrior." Something about this filled him with pride. It was small, and as of yet barely noticeable, but he corrected his posture a little, holding his head a little higher. "The same thing happened to me. Pops wasn't the best guy. Can't blame him, though," she allowed. "He just didn't understand me." "I don't think I understand me," Harry admitted, whispering to keep it secret. "Hey, um…" "Gracie," she supplied. "Go on, warrior. Tell me what's on your mind." "Promise you won't hate me?" He asked childishly. It was somewhat juvenile, he knew that, but he needed the reassurance. She nodded. "Nah, it's kind of hard to hate people," Gracie smirked. "Don't worry. Go straight ahead." He beamed at her for a few seconds, revelling in the freedom of being able to say anything he wanted. Then, taking a deep breath, he let it out. "I… weird things happen around me sometimes. That's why Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia hate me so much, and why they let Dudley bully me." It was like lifting a weight off his chest. He felt a little lighter, a little… floaty. "Weird, you say?" Gracie mused. "What kinda weird? There's lots of kinds of weird. I won't judge." Harry nodded. "Weird. Once, Aunt Petunia decided to cut my hair, and all I could think about was how ridiculous I'd look." he murmured. "The next day, my hair had grown back." Shades of something serious flashed over her face, but she returned quickly to her casual calm. "Anything else?" she asked softly, patting his head in a fond gesture. "Once," he continued, "when Dudley's gang was chasing me, I… well, one moment I was running, the next I was on the roof." He shrugged. "I swear I don't know how I got there. I just… was." "Would've been pretty useful if you could do it on demand, huh?" she nodded, a thoughtful look on her face. "Mhm," Harry agreed, stretching. "But my freakishness doesn't always do useful things. Like, one time, it turned my teacher's hair blue." "Your… freakishness?" she repeated softly. "Warrior. That sounds more like superpowers to me, not 'freakishness'." Harry shrugged. "Well, it's what the Dursleys call me. I mean, when they're angry, they call me 'freak', and because the freakishness causes them to get angry…" He shrugged, explanation given, and pulled up his legs to hug them in a comforting way - the way he did when soothing himself in his cupboard. Gracie pulled him into a one-armed hug. It wasn't demanding, nor was it hurtful. Just a hug, a simple hug, holding him and offering him a