LATEST UPDATE 2017-01-04 NEXT UPDATE SCHEDULED 2017-02-01 Any questions? Message me! Reviews are always appreciated! 1 Harry Potter sat on the roof of Hogwarts, staring at the sky. Life had finally slowed down for him. He was finishing school. He wasn't fighting for his life. But no matter what he did, he was still on edge, like something could kill him at any moment. With a sigh, he hopped off and closed his eyes. When he opened his eyes again, he was faced with something he expected but didn't quite know how to describe. There was space all around him, empty and colourless, and before him was a shadowy, hunched something that observed him calmly. His only logical conclusion was that this was Death. "Hello?" he asked the being before him. He couldn't move, couldn't breathe - but he didn't need to. He felt his body relaxing like it was succumbing to sleep. A cold, spidery hand managed to touch him, despite his lack of body, and he felt a chill in his spine wake him up. Bothering to see again, he shuddered at the sight of a large, vaguely humanoid being - if a great black cloak, thrown over mismatched, crackling bones, could be called humanoid. Something was being shown to him, so he paid attention and watched as concepts - ideas - flew through his mind. Death. Life. Prophecy. A story incomplete; an imbalance in the world. Life again. Death again. Prophecy once more. "The prophecy?" Harry asked. Confirmation. Agreement. A repeat of imbalance, and then a quick barrage of life-death-life-death… combined with himself and Voldemort. He paused to remember the words of the Prophecy, and ones were placed in his thoughts for him - either must die at the hand of the other. He felt a sickly feeling crawl into his chest, like a worm thrashing in his stomach, far more unpleasant than any butterfly could be. A concern, a worry he hadn't dared acknowledge suddenly came easily. "Will I be able to die?" Death, the being pushing ideas into his head, pulled away for a terrible moment, then returned. Confirmation. Confusion… a strange idea which seemed, really, to fit the description of 'mistake'. It was strange having firm evidence that the gods were not perfect, that they could indeed make mistakes… but now wasn't really the time to ponder over that. He thought for a moment. "I was supposed to die," he suggested. A strange yes and no which made barely any sense, but slowly organized itself. The idea of soul. Then shackles, tying him to Earth - shackles which, for some reason, made him think of prophecy. Then, rewind. Everything he'd seen - going backwards to his first moments. Then forward again - but the shackles fell away. "I do it again," Harry repeated for clarity, "and I'll be able to die?" A simple feeling which translated as 'yes'. Then another idea - the self. Death took the idea and pulled it slowly apart, until the self was soul and body - and then placed the soul inside of another body. "I'll be someone else," Harry offered. Agreement. Harry paused to think. "Will I have to kill Voldemort at the same time he kills me?" A pause, then a feeling similar to rejection - a no, then. The separated self returned, and the body was animated, and held an item - an item which Harry observed looked like a bracelet with the Deathly Hallows on it. The animated body pressed the bracelet to Voldemort's skin, and he heard the whistling screams of horcruxes, saw vague forms fly past. "I get Harry Potter's body to touch the symbol to Voldemort's skin," Harry summarized, "And Voldemort dies?" Agreement, and a twitch of amusement and a weird appeased-thankfulness mix. Harry found himself smiling. "So I go back in time," he began, "as someone else." A nod from the skeletal form, the first physical indication of understanding. "I make sure my former body presses that symbol to Voldemort's skin, killing Voldemort." Another nod. Harry smiled. "Then I die naturally, and Harry's body dies naturally, and everything goes back to the way it's supposed to be." He could almost hear a distant voice agreeing with him - but it was more a strange rattle than anything. He brushed it off without a thought and nodded. "I… will I remember this? Or my past life?" A pulse of confirmation, a tinge of humour. "Then I'm ready whenever you want to… send me, I suppose. I've waited long enough to die, so if this is what it takes…" Harry attempted to express himself, and found his emotion conveyed. This, more than anything, pleased Death. Death's hand reached out, and Harry was suddenly physical again. He could feel himself being pulled in all directions, but stayed still as Death drew the hallows on Harry's wrist. With a final scratch, Death sent Harry on his way. Nicolas Flamel had lived a fulfilling life. Creating the Philosopher's Stone at forty, he'd proceeded to live through the ages with his wife, Perenelle, out in a small town called Devon. At six hundred and fifty four, he could definitely say that his life had been successful. Rising for a new day, he dressed quickly and laid a kiss on his stirring wife's forehead, smiling gently at her. That he'd been able to bring his wife with him on his ageless journey was a gift he would never doubt. Alas - the one thing he'd never had or done was raise a child of his own. With a gentle sigh, he began heading for the door out of their bedchambers when a sudden chill crept down his back, reminding him instantly of a memory from long ago. It had been at the moment he had created the stone that he had first met Death, and made him a promise. He sighed and turned, expecting any moment for his debt to be forcefully paid. He had waited quite long, anyways. Death stood over his wife, a looming creature of darkness and bones, which observed her carefully. Then, with a small gesture, it dragged him helplessly back onto his bed. "Is it time for me to pay my debts to you?" Nicolas asked simply. His wife had woken, and she watched in mild fear and awe. Being old dulled your reactions to everything, and it seemed his wife was no exception. Death seemed to pause entirely, then slowly dragged a limb over Nicolas's head. With a nod, a rattling, ominous voice filled the room. "I have a favour to ask of you and your mate," Death announced. "And yes. Once this favour is done, I wish you to return, Nicolas, Perenelle." Nicolas nodded. "Whatever I can do - consider it done." "As with I," Perenelle said, finding her voice. Death seemed to take on an eerie eagerness. "I have with me a soul with a duty to fulfill," he explained. "A strong soul. He will be born by you, Perenelle, and I ask this; guide him until he is ready to face his task. Nicolas, listen always to his words. Be the family Fate ripped from him when she decided to play with my souls," he hissed, "until the passing of the 21st season of his life. Then, and without delay, I will return you to myself." The elderly pair glanced at each other momentarily, then bowed deeply in mutual appreciation. Death seemed confused, but nodded to each and stepped away slowly. Nicolas found his voice. "Death - thank you. You have given us our one greatest wish - a child of our own. We will raise him as best we can." Perenelle nodded in teary-eyed agreement, and if one was able to perceive the complex and minute ways Death expressed itself, happiness would have been closest to Death's emotion. With a final step back, Death faded, leaving Nicolas and Perenelle to prepare to raise a child. 2 Harry was born into the world, ironically, at the exact same moment as Harry James Potter, the boy-who-lived - late on July the 31st, in 1980. While Harry's new body, as well as his old one, had been born, he hadn't been able to take control of it yet. Natural order took over, and he was refused control for months. Instead, he watched his new parents with adoration and deep love he never thought he'd feel. The kindness shown in each movement, the love in each glance at his cot - the love his two parents, Nicolas and Perenelle, showed each other - healed Harry's heart. Here, he was named Nico - presumably after his father. He was showered with gifts from the small families' acquaintances and friends, and found himself, for once, with so many people caring about him that he didn't know what to do about it all. His being special didn't get him suspicious glances or awkward stares, but admiration, as they glanced at the hallows etched into his wrist, as if he were blessed instead of cursed. However, the older he got, the more nervous he felt. He knew - he knew - what was to happen to Harry Potter. If he were just able to control his body, he could warn them somehow - save Harry's parents, his parents. As time went on, he came to accept it - but he had always wished someone was there to protect them, that someone cared… But time marched on without pause, and the war continued to rage on - and with each passing day Nico felt certain that the news would soon arrive of the Potter's death. Perenelle was a naturally gentle soul. With a loving husband and over six hundred years of life under her belt, she was a master of empathy and sympathy, and could tell at a glance when people were feeling sad or uncomfortable. It was harder, however, to interpret complex emotions from a child - something that had always been kept from her. She treated her little Nico with great care, taking any advice she could get. So, it was with a shock that she woke to Nico wailing terribly. Leaping out of bed, she snatched up a nightgown and threw it over herself, heading quickly towards her son's crib. He had always been a quiet and peaceful child, and such an outburst was unheard of from the baby. Reaching out, she peered into the crib and was met with a strange sight. Somehow, her son had gotten his hands on a newspaper. He was staring at the front page in apparent horror, and he turned to look at her with soft, wet eyes. "Harry," he said clearly - the first word he'd ever said - and with such mourning that Perenelle found herself reaching forward without a thought. She lifted him, newspaper and all, into her arms and cooed softly, letting him nuzzle into her shoulder in an attempt to dry his eyes. "'Arry," he burbled again, in clear distress, as he pushed the newspaper towards her. She caught it and flipped it out to read, peering at the page. There was a picture of a small house in a community Perenelle recalled as Godric's Hollow. The headline made her read it twice - POTTER SACRIFICE KILLS VOLDEMORT! - before she dared to believe it. "Harry!" Nico slurred urgently, pointing at the house. Small, soft hands reached to the paper and gripped it, small sniffles emerging from his throat. "Who is Harry?" Perenelle asked softly, though she knew Nico wouldn't be able to answer very clearly. She scanned the article until she reached what she needed. Aurors on the scene reported only two dead - but the true miracle lies in one-year-old Harry Potter, who lost his parents this fateful night. Reports state that when Voldemort tried to kill Harry, Harry's magic bounced away the killing curse, reflecting it upon Voldemort himself. You heard right - Harry Potter has done the impossible and