LATEST UPDATE 2017-01-04 NEXT UPDATE SCHEDULED 2017-02-01 Any questions? Message me! Reviews are always appreciated! CHAPTER 1 - Fiendfyre Harry James Potter woke up to the sound of magic. Magic, of course, does not have a sound, but he could feel the buzz in the air, the tingling of the skin that being near magic gave him. It was an easy, under-the-skin feeling that he barely noticed, but considering he was at the Dursleys and it was a month before his thirteenth birthday, he felt he had the right to be alarmed. Leaving his room quickly, he dashed down the steps and grabbed Vernon's keys, opening the door and racing out. He defended his eyes against the glare of crackling fire as he quickly realized what was happening. Magical fire darted over the roof of the house just across the road and down a little, the yells and calls of concern from the neighbours ringing out and interrupting an otherwise-silent night. He dashed towards the place, unable to think of what to do but otherwise hopeful that he could somehow help out. In hindsight, he supposed nobody expected a thirteen-year-old boy to heroically dash into a blazing, wizard-made fire and rescue people. Harry James Potter, of course, expected himself to, mostly because he'd lived the last two years with people simultaneously protecting him with extreme measures and expecting him to kill Dark Lords, overgrown snakes, and wayward professors. For that reason, Harry ran headfirst into the fire, which was a very stupid, very brave, and ultimately very Gryffindor thing to do. Fire felt like ice. Or at least, it did once the burn left his nerves, or however what was happening was happening. He didn't know how long he spent in the fire and on fire, but he knew that each time the fire licked at his body new sounds and feelings of pain emerged, an endless, tireless pain that travelled over his face and down his side as he dove away from it. Despite this, he caught sight of a little girl in the corner. When it struck him that this was all he could save, he swung her up along his side which was not on fire, raced towards the nearest window, and jumped through. What remained of his clothes were ripped with a muffled tearing sound as he hit the ground before he could prepare himself, his body finally stopping with a dull thump that made the world suddenly go quiet, the crackling blaze behind him ignored. Getting up again, he smiled as the last of the fire on his skin was doused and fought off by his natural magic and began struggling to his feet and stumbling away from the fire, the soft sobs of the little girl in his arms the source of strength he needed to keep going. He didn't even react as he saw a few people apparate onto the lawn in front of him; he could barely see, he doubted he'd even brought his glasses with him, but he could just about see the familiar colours of the uniforms he recognized as ministry standard. A blond boy raced up to him, and he barely had time to question anything before reaching out to him, handing the girl off to him with a relieved sigh. His job was done. He could rest. Harry closed his eyes, and the world went black. "Father, help!" Draco called, immediately wincing at the childishness of the statement but ignoring it in favour of keeping his eyes on the two muggles that had somehow escaped the fire. He briefly wondered how they'd survived; after all, they did not have ready access to water via the aguamenti spell. He ignored it in favour of handing the small girl off to his flustered father - how strange it was for his father to be flustered - and reached out to grab the boy muggle who had handed the girl to him before promptly fainting. The moment he touched the boy he felt a ripple of magic connect them, and he let out a choked gasp as he felt his magic pour into the muggle boy immediately, the smouldering burns healing themselves automatically. For a rather dull moment he considered the possibility that the muggle was stealing his magic, but before he could follow that notion the magic slowed enough that his core could keep up, and finally the strain on his body relaxed, though he felt like if he tried any menial labour he'd collapse within an hour. He gagged at the gruesome sight. Never had he seen the aftermath of a fire quite like this; while before he'd only seen minor burns, this was major; It would scar eternally. It ripped up and down the right side of the boy's face; it appeared as if his eye had been melted over entirely. They'd have to spell it out if he was to live comfortably. His other eye was screwed shut, and the entire right side of his body had burns. His clothes had been meager, and ultimately unhelpful armor; they were burned away almost completely. He was barely decent. The girl, strangely, was practically unscathed, and Draco considered the very Gryffindorish thought that the boy had protected the muggle girl with his body. It would certainly make logic out of the miracle survivors, if only a little bit. The girl in his father's hands was given to an emergency officer who cast a barrage of spells, causing her to forget ever seeing them and sleep peacefully as she was taken by another man in muggle clothing, who raced over to the crowd of muggles at the other end of the house as a pair of on-duty aurors apparated in and began immediately scanning the area of the house. "We've got to leave, we're not supposed to be here," his father said briefly, taking Draco's hand. "Stay still while I get us out of here." Draco didn't know what possessed him. He supposed it was the strangely informal and rugged way his father was speaking that made it sound sane. "Father, the muggle boy, he's hurt!" Hah. Like that was supposed to explain anything. Apparently it did. "Grab his hand and stay still, you-" He grumbled some vague half-hearted insult, and before long the world was melting around them, and the familiar feel of apparition gripped his body. When his body returned to consciousness, Harry had the luck of hearing an explanation of everything that had happened to him. "The perpetrators were caught. Wannabe followers of the Dark Lord, giving the muggles 'what they deserved'... damages are heavy but reparable. Spell used was Fiendfyre, which rebounded on the caster, the bastard. Good riddance." The huff of what Harry assumed was an auror, and the familiar chill of a voice he recognized. "I see," Lucius Malfoy said noncommittally. "And the… muggle boy, Healer Joneson?" Harry could feel Lucius's eye twitch as he uttered the word 'muggle', as if speaking of a dog's doings. "He'll recover, thanks to your son," Joneson said, shocking Harry into silence. "His body's sustained loads of burns, and I can't safely remove the scars of them all, unfortunately. His eyes are non-functional, but we're looking into a magical eye for him, considering he's bonded to your son." Harry tested his non-existent eyes with a silent screech of unhappiness. How was he supposed to kill the dark lord blind?! Heck, he didn't even know how he'd eat breakfast blind! Wait, no, magical eyes… he soothed his nerves and listened. "Yes, about that…" Lucius drawled. At least Harry knew where Draco's grumbling tones came from. "I don't suppose there are any ill effects of having a human familiar? After all, it's rather… unheard of to have one that is of equal or superior intelligence." Joneson hummed thoughtfully. "I don't believe so, no," He nodded. "It should be suitable. Bonds are formed by a bridge between the magical cores of two beings, so the only difference is that the muggle will be able to store about the same amount of magic a wizard can. Since he's a muggle, of course, his body won't accept the magic, so Draco should have no problem accessing the magic as if it were his own." This alarmed Harry even more than the loss of his eyes. He didn't want to think what would happen if Draco tried to use his magic… although, considering how his life went, it wasn't an unwelcome change compared to the other things in his life. It was far more enticing than being attacked by wayward professors, ripped souls, or basilisks, no matter how much he wished he wasn't bonded to Malfoy. It would be annoying, and at worst painful, but he'd dealt with being beaten by the Dursleys before his Hogwarts letters. He could deal with Draco… and if he hurt Harry, he could pull Draco's magic. Wait…. MUGGLE? He tested his magic gently; no, it was definitely still there, thank goodness. He felt the magical bond, which reached out of the room and into another, probably where Draco was. "He's waking up," the Healer said suddenly, bringing Harry to his senses. As the tingle of diagnostic spells trickled over him, he suddenly had a very stupid and very ridiculous idea. One; nobody here recognized him, meaning his facial disfigurement was great enough that nobody recognized him as Harry Potter. Two: being Draco's familiar meant he'd get to go to Hogwarts. Three; Ditto to above also means that he would get to escape the pure torture that was his tireless life of running between an abusive family and the world's expectations. Since nobody recognized him as even being magical , he highly doubted Ol' Voldy would have a rat's ass of a chance at finding him. And anyways, no-one would believe that he willingly became Draco's familiar. It was a rather easy decision; he'd roll with it in a bid for freedom. Maybe he could fake amnesia? Just then, he heard Draco's voice calling through the house. "Father? May I see him now?" "Quiet, son, he's just waking up," Lucius scolded, "but yes, you may. Enter quietly." The steps approached and finally slowed at the door, and Harry felt the solid, familiar magic rolling off of the person next to him, standing stiffly at the edge of the bed. "Do you know what happened to you?" Harry chose his words carefully. "I was running… from the fire. There was a girl... Is she safe?" Draco snorted at him. He could imagine Draco's expression now. "Yes, Alice is fine. I'm sure you'll be interested to know that your eyes have literally melted out of your face." Harry gulped. "I know. The… healer? Joneson? Said so. What's all this about a familiar bond? Sounds like something from a fantasy novel." Draco's magic smirked. He didn't know how else to describe it; the strange magical signature literally felt like it was smirking with a knowing smugness, something so Draco it made Harry want to roll his non-existent eyes. "Here's an answer; I'm a wizard. You, somehow, have become my familiar, which means you're basically a storage space for magic. I'm looking forward to being able to manage stronger spells." Harry faked a light gasp. "Prove it," he breathed, eager to see how Draco would go about it. There was a sudden pulse in the bond, and Harry felt a surge of magic being pushed into his body. He breathed in sharply, then settled, finally resting when his body accepted the new magic. It was a bit different from his own magic - separate somehow - but it was proof enough. "Alright, I believe you." Harry said quietly, a stray hand tracing a line over his neck as he tenderly felt the alien magic inside his body. It felt so strange , yet somehow… it was alright. "Good," Draco said firmly. "Now. You do understand this means you'll have to be fully obliviated