LAST UPDATE 2017-01-04 NEXT CHECK-IN SCHEDULED 2017-02-01 Got any questions? Message me! Reviews are always appreciated! CHAPTER 1 Harry felt his stomach rumble, and winced. Even at the Dursley's, he'd never been this hungry. It was times like this he debated the pros and cons of being abandoned, but he was quickly reminded of the frequent beatings, the endless chores, and suddenly being hungry and cold was nothing at all. Still, however, it had struck him that day - just a few weeks after his eighth birthday - that the Dursleys truly did not want him. They had left him to fend for himself in a wild, confusing world. He could still see, in his mind's eye, their car, chugging off into the distance, disappearing on the horizon while he watched with wet eyes. He slipped easily through the crowd of street-folk and reached the store he'd been frequenting. He had been 'working' there since day three of abandonment; the workers there, while unable to pay him for his hard work, were often able to slip him the tail ends of meals if he was lucky. He could only do odd jobs and make smaller meals in the kitchens, but it was much better than wasting his time starving on the streets. Jacob, a college student studying business, was his main donor. Quickly diving behind the counter, another waiter shifted slightly and pointed Harry in the direction of the kitchens, where he was sure to find Jacob. Shooting the girl a short smile, he flew into the kitchens, stopping right in front of Jacob, and gave the young man a winning smile. "Here to help?" Jacob asked kindly. "Hey, one of the ladies accidentally ordered an extra salad. Want it? I don't care to waste perfectly good food." Harry nodded vigorously, and he went to one side, tearing into the food as quickly as he could while retaining some semblance of politeness. Soon, it was time to work, and Harry quickly started in, helping the boisterous cooks create masterpiece after masterpiece. Jacob watched the young waif with not a little sadness. He wanted desperately to bring this child to someone who could love him, but there wasn't much he could do beyond allow the boy to eat the leftovers and join them in the cooking, so he had at least a few survival skills. Who knows - maybe, someday, one of the cooks would start his own restaurant, and hire an older and wiser Harry onto his staff. Turning back to his work, he nodded gently to the workers who shot him sympathetic glances. Balancing the plates expertly, he walked briskly up to his latest client, an elderly businessman who had decided, for some reason, to eat out today, though he rarely made waves in the community. "Your meal, sir," he said politely, revealing the dishes with a teensy bit of flair. The businessman, Lord Franz, nodded and smiled, thanking him under his breath, so only Jacob could hear. Smiling, he went back the way he came. Lord Franz was feeling ill. He could tell that his time was approaching; he felt it in the very air. He watched in an almost terrified fascination as his hand shook, trying to get food into his mouth. He was merely enjoying what would probably be his last few days alive. As his sharp eyes studied the restaurant, he caught sight of alien movements and found his eyes drifting away from the expensive materials and towards the kitchens. It was difficult to see inside, but if he angled himself just right… There was a tingling in his hand, and then he was suddenly thrown to the ground, stranger in his own body and helpless to defend. Jacob heard the thud , and by the time the screams began he was already dashing over. Much to his chagrin, Harry was dogging his heels, his frail body surprisingly athletic. Diving to the man's side and restraining him, he asked quickly, "Any medication we can give him? Anything? " The silence as he wrestled the man's convulsing body was almost painful to hear. So there wasn't anything to be done. He prayed to all that was holy that the man would survive; he'd been particularly friendly for a wealthy client. Such a nice man didn't deserve to die like so. A tingling feeling rose on his back, and for whatever reason, he suddenly thought that he needed to move away so the waif could get at him. He was complying before he could even think it over, letting little Harry shuffle to the man's shaking sides. Placing a hand on the man's chest, he asked, "Are you alright, sir?" Instantly the man's features warped into relaxation, then a weak smile of relief, though it was markedly confused. He turned to focus blearily on the youth. "Yes, young boy, I will be." He turned his head to his shocked chauffeur, who had just run in during the commotion to see the boy soothing the elderly man's seizures with a mere touch. "Will you join me at my manor? I have a few questions for you." It was a split-second decision to bring the child and ask. For some reason, he just felt that it was right, that it was meant to be like this. A boy would touch him and soothe his seizures in an instant, and he would ask to take him in. His chauffeur and butler seemed gobsmacked by the suggestion, but he followed the request easily and the young waif was soon waving goodbye, joining Lord Franz on his way home. Lord Franz noted the hopeful expression on the face of his waiter from the restaurant. As they drove off into the distance, he glanced at the frail, emaciated child sitting obediently next to him. His luck has come, he thought. I won't let him down, young man. It took three days for Lord David Franz to fully recover. In the time he spent bound to his sheets, Harry was welcomed graciously into the Franz family home. It was by no means huge as far as mansions, but it was strangely empty; no pictures adorned the pale-blue walls, no objects were too personal; it was all quite solemn and didn't feel like home at all. However, for one who had never had a home, this was as close as he'd ever felt to it, and so it quickly became a place Harry loved dearly. A young maid, Helda, took a particular shine to him, taking on his care personally. The first day she had tucked him to bed and prepared his room appropriately; she knew, from the look on the chauffeur's face, that they may finally have an heir on their hands, and if she added a bit of extra flair from personal fondness… nobody needed to know. The second day, Harry awoke and asked, "Am I dreaming?" With a shake of her head, Helda guided him through the house, explaining the situation. She quickly caught him up and began surreptitiously teaching him a few basic manners and skills; it would do well for him to make a good impression in case anyone came in the next few hours. None did, but she still felt proud of his progress as he bowed kindly to each maid and butler that helped him. He was already a favourite in the small mansion by the time Lord Franz's personal butler called for the young waif, stating that Franz wished to speak with him. The room Franz was in was barely less plain than the others; it held a single photograph, of a small family, on a bedside table, along with a simple lamp. Harry gave Lord Franz a short and polite bow. "I hope you're feeling better, Lord Franz," Harry said politely. He dearly hoped Franz found his manners adequate. "Fret not, dear boy," the Lord replied, chuckling. "Just call me David. What is your name?" "Harry, Harry Potter," the boy replied, shifting a bit. Lord David patted the side of the bed, and Harry reluctantly hopped up onto it. "Harry, I know it may sound strange," he murmured, dismissing his butler silently. Once gone, he continued, "but it was because of you I am safe. My seizures are frequent and uncontrollable; I'll admit it was rash of me to go outside safety like that. I feel life slipping from my hands quicker each day." Harry looked incredibly concerned, a small, bony hand placing itself gently in David's. "Don't worry, I've got some fight yet," David soothed. Once Harry relaxed, he continued, "you are unique, Harry, I can tell. Your very touch was able to cure me without a moment's delay. Do you know why?" Harry tensed. Pulling his hand away, he replied, "You'll hate me." "Never," David replied. "You saved my life, Harry. How could I hate someone kind enough to do so?" Harry breathed out one long, shuddery breath. "Okay. I'm a freak." This struck deep into David's heart. He knew those words. As many elderly did, he recalled his own memory of that hated word. His father, disapproving, glaring at him. "Look at you, you little freak, so weak. How could you ever continue my line? The Franz family will be a disgrace." " I'm sorry, father," David replied monotonously. Inside, he vowed never to be as such. Himself, staring at his wife, at the toddler in her hands. "You know I need an heir," he said unhappily. "She is woefully incompetent. How will I ever continue my line?" " You won't," his wife hisses, and then she was gone, leaving him forever - but in that blind, pig-headed moment, he doesn't recognize the image of himself in the pair, and is left to despair over their return for many years to come. "You are not a freak," Franz replied evenly. He chose his words carefully. "Why would you believe as such?" "Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon told me so," Harry admitted. "I keep doing weird things. I'm bad luck." Franz shook his head, but played along. "What sort of weird things?" "Whenever I'm upset, or angry, or scared," Harry admitted, "I do weird things… I once teleported to the roof of a building. Another time I turned my teacher's hair blue. I levitated some toys once, until Dudley caught me." Franz didn't probe the subject. Bad memories were better left behind them, lest they hurt regardless of the attention paid. "Those all sound like wonderful things to be able to do," Franz answered softly. Jokingly, he continued, "I'm sure you could make a fortune changing the colour of people's hair with a moment's thought." Harry seemed to consider that for a moment. "That would be nice," he admitted, a bit happier. "Does that mean… do you really not mind my freakishness?" "Stop calling it that," David protested. "It saved my life. I'd say you were a very special child, Harry." Harry shone like the sun. By dinnertime, the staff were falling over themselves to shower the dear boy with love. He was waited upon hand and foot, and he continued to charm the residents of the household with his kind heart and shy demeanor. Harry took seat across from David, and together they ate in an amicable silence. "This is some of the loveliest food I've ever had," Harry admitted. "Thank you, David." "Thank the cook," David winked. He hadn't had this much fun in… in… he couldn't remember feeling this free before. Pulling himself up, he decided to be direct. "I suppose your parents will want you back." "They died." David lowered his head and apologized quietly. Harry apparently had sharp ears, because he nodded as he heard it. "My aunt and uncle left me in London, so you can leave me there." "Actually, Harry," David felt ever so young once more, so nervous and workable, "I was thinking instead that you might stay with me, as a Franz." Harry's forest-green eyes,