It's been a very long time since I last wrote Scorrose, so I apologise in advance. It was 9:04am on a Wednesday, and Rose Weasley was fast asleep in Scorpius Malfoy's flat. If this had been a Saturday, this wouldn't have been a problem. If this had occurred at her home, it would still have been problematic because she was late for work, but it would have been easier to resolve for a number of reasons. As it was, Rose was asleep in a flat on the other side of England to her own, whilst her younger cousin, Lily, was going to apparate into her empty flat in three, two, one… BANG! Both Rose and Scorpius bolted upright, Rose accidentally whacking Scorpius in the face with a flailing limb, as a bright red man danced and screamed in mid-air. "Merlin!" Scorpius exclaimed, rubbing the corner of his mouth as he spoke. "What in the name of Merlin's best underwear is that ?" Rose shook her head as she leapt out of bed, landing with a painful bang on the wooden flooring. "Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit ! I'm fucked." When she caught sight of the slightly reproaching look on Scorpius' face, she rolled her eyes. "What? Just because you're too chicken to say anything more than Merlin's underpants doesn't mean that we all are. Fuck , where's my bra?" She began looking through the pile of her clothing on the floor, desperately trying to find the first of many layers of clothing. Damn her decision yesterday to wear an outfit which actually required effort to put on. "You still haven't answered the question about what on earth that racket – which is still going on – is, Weazie." Scorpius was lying back in bed again, though he didn't look comfortable in the slightest; his hands were clamped over his ears, his face contorted in what looked like pain. "It's my intruder alert on my flat," Rose explained, now wearing a complete set of underwear. She was now holding the dress which presented the next challenge. "It's programmed to alert me immediately, and continually, until I turn it off or go and investigate. It must be Lily to meet me to go to the office – why did we make the decision to come to yours last night?" She looked up at Scorpius briefly, her brow furrowing. Why aren't you getting ready for work, we're late!" "Please. Turn. It. Off," Scorpius replied through gritted teeth, ignoring Rose's question about his apparent lack of desire to go to work. "You've got my wand from whatever kinky practice it was you wanted it for last night – just point it at the alarm. Dammit, I've lost an earring – and a shoe! Am I ever getting to fucking work?" She kicked the side of the bed in frustration, and though it helped release a little of her irritation, the sudden pain made her decide it hadn't been worth it. "And so Lily's still at the flat?" Scorpius asked as he sat upright to look for Rose's wand. Upon finding it, he pointed it at the alarm, the foolishness he felt at doing so fading the moment that the racket stopped. "Accio Rose's other earring that she's lost." The earring flew from across the room to hit Scorpius in the face, though Rose had it in her ear faster than he could blink. " Obviously she is, idiot. Fuck, how am I going to explain not being there?" "You met a tall, dark stranger last night who swept you off your feet to have fantastic sex?" Scorpius tried to joke, but one look at Rose's stormy expression told him it had been a mistake – a major one. " Maybe if you didn't insist on keeping us so quiet it's as if we don't exist, Lily wouldn't always be an accidental cockblocker," Rose snapped, pulling her shoe on. " Maybe if you weren't so embarrassed by me, we could be normal – and I could stop being so late for work!" Scorpius didn't know what to say; the silence that had descended upon the room seemed never ending and unbreakable, at least until Rose grabbed her wand and said, "I won't be coming over tonight." With a bang, she disapparated, leaving a stunned Scorpius behind. .-. "So where were you this morning?" Lily asked Rose as they stood in the queue to reach the sandwich fridge in the staff canteen. As they inched closer she added, "if there's a cheese and pickle, grab it. Greg got the last one yesterday and I had to deal with his smug face all afternoon." Rose, being slightly taller than her cousin, strained to look above their colleagues' heads in order to look at the selection of sandwiches on offer. In an effort to avoid answering Lily's question, she began to narrate all the sandwiches she could see. "Well, on the top shelf there's…just ham, then what looks like ham on brown bread meaning there's mayo in it…and also tuna sandwiches. I can see something that looks like cheese…" "Rose." Lily's tone was firm. "I know which sandwiches we sell. Why weren't you at home?" Unable to avoid the question for a second time, Rose took a few seconds to reply. "I went for a run, lost track of the time, and ended up getting back just after you tried to get into the flat. Sorry, by the way, if I made you late." She wasn't quite sure if the noise that came out of Lily's mouth was more of a snort or a laugh, but either way, it was loud – loud enough for everyone in the queue to turn and look at them for a brief moment of time. "Sorry but that's the funniest thing I've ever heard," Lily replied, still spluttering. " You go for run in a morning? You set five alarms just to make yourself turn the heating on, then set another ten to get yourself to work vaguely on time." She leaned in closer to Rose, her voice lowered. "Also, you're wearing yesterday's clothes." They moved a step forwards this time, ever closer to Lily's goal of getting the last cheese and pickle sandwich. "No I'm not!" Rose exclaimed. "Yesterday, my dress was black and white, remember? The one I got with you." Raising an eyebrow, Lily shot her cousin a knowing look, one that suggested that it was a mistake for Rose to have even attempted to best her. "Yes, we did go shopping together and buy that dress; that's how I know that it's the same one. You've just done a cheeky colour swap on it, to make it purple and white; they definitely didn't sell it or you'd have bought that instead. Now tell me, who's the tall, dark and handsome stranger who managed to bed you?" Spluttering, Rose could feel herself blushing; her cheeks had always flushed red the moment she felt the slightest embarrassment, which had always been unfortunate her family's reputation. There was no way she could carry on with the poor 'I went for a run' excuse that her boss had accepted. "First off, you should have taken your dad's job as head of the Auror department; you're too good at noticing things," Rose started, noting how little Lily's expression changed. Uncle Harry had died two years before, and only recently had Lily stopped wincing whenever he was mentioned. "Secondly, yes, there was a guy but it's definitely not serious; I really don't think I'll see him again." "So it's not someone from work then? Shame, I was looking forward to watching you try and sneakily meet up around the building. Get a shift on, Rosie, or else icky Greg will run up by us and get the last sandwich!" Thinking that her cousin cared a little too much about this competition with Greg, Rose simply shook her head as she took a tiny step closer to the sandwich fridge. Something had to be done about this queuing system, she thought; whilst it had worked when approximately fifty people worked in the Wizard-Muggle liaison office, it just wasn't feasible nowadays. With the expansion of Muggle technology into the wizarding world came a greater infrastructure to ensure that there was consistency between the two groups. What was a crime in the Muggle world was now, largely due to Rose's efforts in petitioning the Wizarding Parliament, also a crime in the wizarding world. This had led to the streamlining of all legislation in the Ministry of Magic. It was in this sector of the Muggle Relations Department that both Rose and Lily worked; located in Manchester, it was the only department which resided outside of the Ministry building. All this meant was that it took thirteen minutes to reach the front of the lunch queue rather than four, and made the staff working in the canteen grumpy. "Nah, he's too posh to work somewhere like this. He's in law." Immediately, Rose regretted speaking; there were only so many men who worked in wizarding law who were under the age of thirty. Most prominent of them all was, of course, Scorpius. Thankfully though, they had almost reached the sandwich fridge, and Lily's gaze was fixated on the cheese and pickle sandwich…and the man standing beside the fridge. He turned round to face the queue and waved and smiled before picking up the sandwich Lily wanted. "Son of a bitch," Lily muttered. And with that, Rose knew she had dodged a bullet…for now. .-. When she returned home that evening with a massive wodge of paperwork, Rose had received fourteen missed calls, three text messages, and a patronus message, all of which were from Scorpius. Immediately, she set the phone down and turned it over so that she wouldn't see the screen flash up with another message; she also silenced the patronus message, and moved into another room so that she wouldn't see Scorpius's face. Perhaps she had overreacted. That would be a fair assumption to make based on the situation of the morning: it looked as though she had overslept and, irritated at herself, had taken it out on Scorpius and his refusal to let anyone know they were in a relationship. The truth was though that this had been going on a lot longer than just one incident. For six months, all she had heard was 'we need to keep it quiet – no one will be happy we're together,' or words to that effect. At first, she had agreed; there had been too much bad blood between the Potter-Weasley and the Malfoy clans for them to be an accepted couple: after all, Uncle Harry had had Draco Malfoy's gambling problem exposed, and Scorpius's friends (though admittedly not Scorpius himself) had played a major part in Albus's suicide attempt. But that was behind them now. Most of the wizarding world had accepted Draco's problem, and Albus had, after therapy, acknowledged the fact that the bullying he had undergone was not condoned by Scorpius. It was for this latter reason alone that Rose had even spoken to Scorpius at the event at which he had first asked her to go for a drink. It had been in January of this year, she recalled, at an event here many of the Ministry's Department Heads had met with various other wizarding professionals to renegotiate contracts for the good of the wizarding people. It was dry, intense negotiations which Rose wasn't even a part of; she had been brought along by her boss so that she could 'acclimate to the atmosphere' as she would be taking over 'in a few years'. The only good things about it were that there was free wine and she didn't have to conduct any business. Which was a good thing – because she was planning on consuming as much as possible without embarrassing herself. Scorpius had been the only other person she recognised,