My Adulterous Wife, a twilight fanfic By Mikarin Aoi Summary: When Emmett learns of his wife's infidelity, what will he do and how far will he go for Rosalie to stop her sexual vice? Warning: Rated M for Mature content Genre: Hurt/Comfort/Angst, Alternate Universe Pairing: Emmett/Rosalie and Edward/Bella (All Human) Disclaimer: I don't own the Twilight Saga. Author's Note: I have a feeling that the only ones who will be able to relate to this story are people who actually know the pain of infidelity… who have experienced the pain firsthand… like me. I guess I'll just have to see for myself in whatever feedback I get through reviews… IMPORTANT! Just like my first fanfic " The Only Way ," this story has disturbing matters and just like I used the dark personalities of Carlisle and Esme there, in this one, Emmett and Rosalie's dark sides will be revealed, which to you, dear reader, will most likely be "out of character." I seemingly like writing the dark personalities of fictional characters… Same warning as I had in " The Only Way "… This is about a painful, dysfunctional relationship which includes disgrace, humiliation, and shame. I advise whoever finds this offensive that you go back to the previous page and skip this awfully depressing, disconcerting read. It isn't my intention to bring forth any unpleasant memories through this written work of art. I dedicate this fanfic to my fiancé . Our relationship inspired me to write this story, love. Te amo. ~Aoi. ~Chapter One~ Solace for Adulterers November 2012 Of course I couldn't disagree to anyone claiming that my wife's beauty was otherworldly. Her beauty was ethereal, and the vision of her perfectly shaped figure was something so forbidden, that in her presence alone, you could drown from the sin of observing her perfection, blessed by the fact that you're alive to witness such flawlessness. Skin as pale as the splendid magnificence of the moon, lips as red as the garnet stone studded in her engagement ring, eyes tinted so deep between the mixtures of a blue rose and the fragile tenderness of the shade found in violets, hair the color of fine riches in a merchant's pocket falling down her back in cascading waves, its texture as fine and smooth as silk. Milk and honey, that's what she was to me. Milk denoted everything about her. Her elegance, her genteel presence, the refined manners she upheld, the smoothness in her ringing bell-like voice, the shy color of her skin, it all reminded me of milk. Honey was for her absolute charm, her innate ability to draw human beings as easily as attracting hungry bees with their jealous stings, ready to penetrate her skin and kill her off with their spiteful venom, wanting to rid the Earth of her unnatural beauty which they were all envious of. Her name, as delicate as how she looks, composed of two flowers as beautiful as she. The elegant grace one sees in a rose, combined with the sprightly life one finds in a lily make up her identity as Rosalie. Her parents have always been fascinated by their daughter's beauty ever since her birth and so decided that one name wasn't enough to make her special. They added Lillian, adding more lilies to her personality. Being her husband made me more blessed than anyone else. More lucky than any other man could be. I should feel ecstatic that the world's most beautiful woman belonged to me. I should love her as much as she loves her beauty. I should. But I don't. One thing her beauty didn't account for, was her inner attitude that she kept so well hidden in front of other's wondrous gaze they laid upon her. Only I knew who she really was. Who that woman was under all those glittering clothes, how she behaved when eyes were turned away, what she was doing behind my back, hidden from the world, I knew her deepest and innermost secrets. Why wouldn't I know? She is my wife, after all… And though she thinks I wouldn't figure it out, she underestimated my sense of intuition. She can't hide anything from me. Ever since I slid that engagement ring on her finger, I've known everything about her. Known all she was capable of doing. The one thing that she was more than capable of doing was something that came so easily to someone as beautiful as her. Since before she said yes to my proposal, I already knew she had plenty of other suitors, probably more suitable than I was for her. But she chose me. Now, I know I should be content that she chose me, but even though she did so, she didn't settle down. I'd expect this from rich men who'd marry but never really "settle." But in this case, the rich, young beauty from the Cullen family was the one who couldn't settle even though she's already married. "Mr. McCarty?" Turning my gaze away from the poisonous bitch that was my wife, I met the green eyes of Edward Anthony Masen, Jr., the host of this uneventful gala my wife loved attending. Who incidentally was also the man she was fucking behind my back. Who, for some distasteful twist in this story, was also the husband of Rosalie's younger sister Isabella. The Cullens consist of Carlisle and Esme, parents to Jasper, Rosalie Lillian and Isabella Marie and parents-in-law to me, Edward and Alice, Jasper's wife. Edward here, our host for tonight, is Bella's husband, therefore, the brother-in-law of Rosalie. What would happen, I wondered, if Bella were to find out that the sister she so loathes, was fucking her husband? And what would happen to Edward if his wife found out? Ah, a scandal this huge would be worth so much to paparazzi. But I didn't intend for this to get out. I had different plans in mind. I'd handle this in my own way. "Mr. Masen," I acknowledged with a courteous nod. He handed me a wineglass filled with the best red wine Italy can offer, the Brunello di Montalcino. I had to admit, our host here had fine taste in wine that spoke of both wealth and class. We both sipped our drinks in silence, both of us scanning the room filled with all kinds of socialites, both our wives amongst the throngs of people. "Wonderful evening, isn't it?" he then spoke up, pissing me off that he broke the decent, civil silence that was going on between us just seconds ago. "Absolutely." I kept my words to a minimum, trying to rein my anger in. I knew very well it wasn't Edward's idea to be fucking my wife. Rosalie was a goddamn natural when it came to seducing. I couldn't blame Edward for giving in to the luscious temptation especially with the way my wife kept emanating all these pheromones, latching it onto every person that moved. "Will you be bidding at the auction?" For some reason, this bastard didn't pick up on my hint of unwillingness to respond with longer sentences, clearly stating that conversing with him wasn't something I was eager about. "If there's something that'll interest me," I answered curtly. "But most likely, Rosalie will find something that's worth her interest." Watching him closely, I was impressed that no reaction whatsoever came from the mention of my wife's name. Instead, he replied with, "I guess I'll see both you and your wife in the Grand Hall, then" and left with a polite nod. 'Fuck, I want this goddamn night to be over already. If only Rosalie wasn't into all this shit–' "Darling!" 'Speak of the devil and she always appears.' From afar, I watched how my wife sauntered over to me, stunning as hell in that glitzy red gown that reached the floor. Why women always felt the need to sweep the floors clean with those floor-length gowns of theirs, I had no idea. But damn those designers for making such revealing gowns to be so fucking tempting. No matter how much I despised my wife for cheating, I wanted to just rip that red piece into shreds and fuck her while she's just in those outrageously high heels of hers. Damn her, only she had the ability to make me feel this pathetic. Champagne in one hand, she made her way to me. The sway in her hips was hypnotic, and those two slits on the sides of her dress showed off her gorgeous legs that I wanted to spread apart, making the mound of her pussy visible to me. 'Fuck, calm yourself, man,' I cursed inwardly. Things didn't get any better as my eyes dropped to her breasts, swelling brazenly under the V-shape neckline, her cleavage such a seductive sight, an open invitation to stare. God, that woman is the death of my existence, of any man's existence, for that matter. It was an excruciatingly difficult task to be angry at such a cheating whore if all I can think of is her writhing body under mine as I pound into that wet cunt of hers. "There you are, I was looking for you!" she trilled from afar, catching the attention of some people who turned around to see who she was referring to. As she arrived by my side, she quickly dropped a kiss on my cheek then slid her arm around mine, her hands eagerly clinging onto the material of my suit jacket, her fingers sending my mind reeling as they trailed along my arm. She always had this hypnotizing effect whenever she touched me, even through the thickest of clothing. "The auctions' about to begin, let's go, baby," she chirped happily, already pulling me in the direction to the Grand Hall. Keeping her in full sight during the event, I watched how she spent time talking to Edward and to another man I didn't recognize. The auction was boring as hell. Nothing of interest came up on the stage, but my wife ended up buying three totally unimportant things that would only take up more space in our home. My anger seemed to ebb away during the endless dross being shown onstage, until I caught sight of her hand, which was resting on Edward's thigh, sliding back and forth on the fabric covering his leg, while her other hand rested on the other guy's arm. Bitch was going too far. Just a little more and I'd be ready to explode. How can she just think I'd never figure it out, if she was as blatant as a drunkard lying to a sober person? I wasn't one to meddle into relationships, but suddenly, the thought of telling Bella occurred to me. Though she and Rosalie were never the best of friends, in fact, the total opposite, I still cared for her since she was my sister-in-law after all. But if she'd find out through me that Edward was cheating, she wouldn't be able to handle the pain as much as I'm able to keep control of my own within myself. Bella's self-destructive nature would return and who knows, might end her up in rehabilitation again. Edward was the one who helped her out of it. How ironic that he'll become part of the reason why she'd start using and cutting again. My anger resurfaced and part of it was for Bella, if only she knew what her older sister was doing. I needed to teach my wife a lesson until she'd stop being this slut who even had the galls to steal her own sister's husband through sex. And afterwards, Edward would get a piece of what he deserves. But let's begin with my wife. She, after all, is the core and bane of this family dilemma. ~o~ Waiting by the driveway leading up to Edward's mansion for my car to be brought out front, my wife's voice from behind me made me turn around. "Hey, darling, you go