Part of a Mother's Duty, a twilight fanfic By Mikarin Aoi Summary: Nervous with what lay ahead, specifically what would be happening on his honeymoon bed, Edward goes to the person he calls his "mother for all intents and purposes" for guidance. Warning: Rated M for Mature Content & I for Incest ( IF you really see Esme as Edward's mother) Genre: Family/Romance Pairing: Edward/Esme Disclaimer: I own… a lot of things. I just don't own the Twilight Saga. I don't even wanna own it, so it's all good. I do own this story/fanfic though. Author's Note: Incest, incest, incest. Don't flame me. I've warned you enough. I'm still working on about 3 works of Incest, and this one is the fourth and last that came to mind yet the first one to be posted. Others are Carlisle/Rosalie, Esme/Rosalie, and Edward/Rosalie. Without further ado, I give you… ~Aoi. ~Chapter One~ A Son's Request "Esme?" From his scent alone, I knew it was my favorite son who uttered my name. Turning around to the sound of his deep, mellow voice, I then raised my head to meet the gaze of his golden eyes. He was quite a tall young man. Young, since he's physically stuck in his seventeen-year-old body. "What is it, Edward?" I then asked, examining the beautiful expression on his face, which showed a slight distress in the way his brows were drawn together, his eyes falling to the ground. How odd, Edward was never one to stray from looking straight at the person he was talking to. Something was off, something was bothering him, I could tell. From the small smile tugging at his lips, I knew I was right. With his ability to read minds, it was no surprise that whatever I was thinking right at this moment was shared information that I unwillingly imparted onto his vampire sensibilities. "I wanted to ask you about… the coming as one of a couple…" 'Coming as one?' It took me a minute to arrive at what he was hinting at. Thoroughly surprised to find that my son came to me for advice on his uncertainties and anxieties on what would be transpiring on his wedding night, I then spoke up, "Wouldn't you feel more comfortable hearing about it from Carlisle?" An imperceptible shake of his head told me otherwise. "I want to know how it would feel for her… I need to know from someone who's experienced what she should be experiencing on our wedding night… And who better to ask than… my mother…" I could tell, this conversation was far more uncomfortable for him than it was for me. Probably because being a mother, I was expecting questions like these. Rosalie, Alice, and even Emmett and Jasper sometimes did come to me, asking me questions I think they could've known or found out for themselves on their own. With them coming to me for answers, I really did feel like their mother. And it was a wonderful feeling. That gift of knowing that I am one of the people they would consider approaching when it came to an embarrassing question or moment, it was one precious gem I was bestowed with. So now, as Edward waited for me to explain the intimacy he'd be fulfilling for him and Bella on their wedding night, I couldn't do anything but smile. My Edward really is such a gentleman. Always sick with worry for his soul mate, his other half. Always wanting what's best for her, what was safest for her, since hurting her would be his own downfall. How much he loved her was visible in everything he did. This family could see it. From the first time we saw his mood change, we knew how much Bella affected his entire being. So overjoyed was I for him upon knowing that he found what I found in my Carlisle in his Bella, that how could I not possibly help him now? And so, taking his hand, I led him up the stairs and stopped before the open door to his room. The bed he bought for Bella was still there, and the day it was brought over to our house was one lively afternoon, where all of us immediately flocked into my son's room. I chuckled at the memory. "Look who's about to get it on!" Emmett whooped, his booming laughter reverberating in the room. "Oooh, Edward, I see so many possible outcomes to this!" Alice giggled. Rosalie was just standing there, feigning boredom, but from the corner of her lips, there lay a slight hint of a smile by the upward tilt it had. "Guess it's time, brother," Jasper noted in a serious tone though he was smiling. Carlisle was just beaming at our children with his arms folded across his chest, his body leaning against the doorframe. I was standing beside my bronze-haired son, who was taking in all the comments and the laughter. His gaze was so focused on the bed, and I could tell even back then that he had thoughts about what could happen on that very bed that very night Bella would be sleeping over before the fight with the newborns. And yet, I knew that he wouldn't let anything happen to her before the right time. I knew how much he valued Bella's sanctity. He was old-fashioned, traditional. And so after a while, we all left the room, knowing that nothing would really happen that night. Now, though, they were going to finally consummate their love, through the Sacrament of Marriage and through their first intimate night together as one. This time, I knew, he really had to worry about this. As I looked up at Edward, I saw him thoroughly amused. "How was going down memory lane?" he then quipped. "Oh, stop it, Edward. You shouldn't always comment on everything I'm thinking," I slightly reprimanded him. He gave out a soft, quiet laugh. Ah, that laugh that had the ability to light up my frozen heart. The one that I've never heard before Bella came into his life. That laugh was so pure, so free, and so real. For he had finally found his happiness. He found her . My Edward is a wonderful son. He was blessed with a miraculous gift, his ability to read minds, and was rewarded the one thing he truly deserved. A beautiful piece of his soul that he found in his Bella. And though his mind reading ability was both a curse and a blessing, I was always intrigued by it. Realizing that I was letting my thoughts wander off from the topic which he came forward with, I smiled up at my son. "Before making it to the bed, don't forget to carry her across the threshold of the room, all right?" "I remember that, Mom," he then said lightheartedly, seemingly finding it funny that I reminded him of that fact. "Well then, would you like to practice?" Hesitant and unsure, Edward stood there, unmoving, his eyes glued to the floor. "Come on, I'll lead you through it step-by-step," I told him reassuringly, taking his hand in mine and as he finally lifted his eyes to mine, I gave him a smile to tell him it was all right. With a smile in return, he gave me a slight nod before he bent down to sweep me off my feet quite swiftly. I found myself in his arms, one arm wrapped around his nape, the palm of my right hand leaning against his chest. "Good, that's good. That was perfect. You're such a sweet, romantic, perfect gentleman, my son." He smiled at that and with one step, took us into the sanctuary of his room. Carrying me to the bed, he gently placed me down upon it. Then, he didn't move, like he was waiting for my next instruction. "Come to me, Edward," I called to him, reaching out my arms to welcome him in them. He was nervous, I could tell. "Come to your mother, son," I urged him. And as his knee finally met the soft comfort of the bed, he carefully lifted his other over my legs and was by then straddling me, until he leant his body forward against mine, carefully leaving part of his weight off my body by his arms that were firmly planted on either side of my head. Wrapping my arms around his neck, I pulled him in closer until his head rested against my shoulder. "Good. Give yourself some closeness before becoming real intimate, Edward. Being close to your loved one reinforces the vows you just uttered few hours before your final act of consummation. It talks about how even though sex hasn't been part of your relationship yet, just being in the presence of your loved one can be called the quintessence of gifts and treasures." Taking his cheeks in my palms, I then lifted his head to look into his eyes and make sure he was listening to every word I was saying. "Treasure her virginity the last few moments, for what will come next will both break you as a man and at the same time; fortify you. Becoming one can break a man for every single fragile nerve and bundle insider her – it will all be surrendered to you. Girls nowadays no longer keep their purity and throw it away just to experience the sensual carnal pleasure due to curiosity. Bella, obviously, wants to give everything up to you. And this is what you have to be utterly grateful for. But the knowledge that she wants to offer up everything to you is something tremendous that can make a man weak. For the fear of failing her will present itself right there, at that very moment, stronger than ever before. At the same time though, along with the fear, you get the strength and knowledge that you'll be able to protect her from that point on forward because she entrusts her whole being to you. That wholehearted trust to you will make you strive for everything just to be what she always needs." Quiet stillness surrounded us and I knew he was tasting the weight of my words, seemingly fearing them just by hearing them. With a light kiss that I planted upon his cheek, I told him, "I know you won't fail her. And I know that you will always, always protect her, like you have perfectly demonstrated and done so far. I am so very proud of you, Edward." "Thank you, Mother," Edward then whispered in reply with the deepest sincerity in his words. I was so proud of my son. "Now, when it comes to kissing, I don't think I have to teach you that. I've seen you kiss her dozens of times. And I don't see any red flags. Be very gentle with her, my son. I know you are. Just never forget to do it, for what will happen next can become like the frenzy we vampires experience once we get a taste of even a single drop of blood. You have to be patient and have confidence in your self-control. If you overthink everything, things might just go downhill, and nothing will rise up." Adding a deep nod to the raise of my eyebrow to ask if he knew what I meant, he chuckled and said, "Yes, I understand, Mom." "Good. Now, taking off her clothes. As this is her first time, try not ripping it off her body, like every male vampire seemingly loves doing in this household, will you, please?" I told him, trying to lighten up the serious mood that had quietly taken place after my speech about taking a woman's virginity. At that, Edward gifted me another laugh of his. His beautiful laughter coming from his lovely, shapely lips rang so vividly in my ears. Reaching up to them, I laughed along with him, my thumb tracing the curve of his