A/N: Here it is, a little late, the out-take from my story, Entwined. (Story ID 10118610). This content is 18+. That's right - lemons. Poly, slash. M/M/F. As always, please review. And if you haven't checked out Entwined, go have a read. Thanks! Leah, Felix and Demetri – Entwined Out-take Demetri suppressed an irritated growl as he carefully turned the page of a brittle old tome. Volterra had a library dedicated to ancient manuscripts; first editions, and other very rare and delicate treasures. It was climate controlled, away from UV, and accessible only to certain vampires. Humans were not allowed in; the moisture from their breath and oil from their bodies were incompatible with the preservation of the library's contents. The last thing Demetri wanted to be doing right now was combing through this library for information about the Lady Bella. But the Masters had ordered the search, and until Jane returned, he was the only one in Volterra, aside from the Masters and their former companions, who spoke and read ancient Greek. He was also the only one aside from Jane and Aro who had learned the even older Mycenaean Linear B script. So here he was, stuck in this dimly-lit room, not breathing, as he poured over texts several thousand years older than he. He turned another page, cursing. It had taken a thousand years, but he had finally found his mate. And instead of claiming her, instead of claiming them both, he was duty-bound to research . As he diligently searched page after page, he thought about his Felix. They had loved each other since the moment they met. They had been closer than companions, but Master Marcus had never seen the mate-bond between them. However, something had changed with Leah's appearance. He could feel it. He was certain that there would be a mate-bond with Felix now, just as there was with Leah. He wanted to sink his teeth into Felix's shoulder; he had never marked him, not in all their years together. Now he wanted to see his mark, perfect and prominent, etched on the flesh of both his mates. A shout to the supernatural that they were his . And he wanted to be marked as theirs. He had not spoken to Leah about marking, but surely the shifters would do the same thing? He would ask her. He also wanted to check with Master Marcus. Even if there was no mate-bond with Felix, he would now mark his long-time companion. At the very least they were bound for eternity through Leah. He was roused from his thoughts and his research when he heard the doors unseal. Turning, he was surprised to find Master Aro walking in alone. "Hello, Master," he greeted. "It is good to see you. The Lady Bella is well, I trust?" "Indeed, Demetri, she is." Aro's expression was soft, thinking about his love. "She has come through the change admirably. She had a little trouble controlling her possessiveness when she met the Sisters, but it has been taken care of. Marcus is with her now; she has decided to try to meet them again. Caius is having some fun in the dungeon. Have you learned anything at all here?" "I have not." Demetri gestured to a few shelves. "These are the items I have searched, but I think we must look back, into the Mycenaean etchings. Most of those are fragments though, as you know. I started with the most recent documents, the ones that date most closely to your change. I thought I'd work my way back. It will take several days, I fear." He tried not to scowl, but his eyes darkened a bit in frustration. Aro watched is Captain closely, then held out his hand. After a minute, catching up to all the research, and Demetri's current thoughts, he let go. "I admire you, Demetri," he stated, with more seriousness than he normally displayed. "You are loyal, dedicated, and controlled. Leah mentioned you had not had any time together since we got back. I would not have blamed you had you skipped the introduction to the Sisters. "I promised your mate, or mates as the case may be, that you would have time for yourselves. I give that to you now, but I would like you to stop and see Marcus first. I think you are right about Felix, and Marcus will give you certainty. You are released from your task. Go claim your mates." "Thank-you, Master," Demetri bowed and turned. He paused to wait for the door to unseal. "Demetri," Aro added, "do not let me see you on duty in the next two days. And remember that your she-wolf does need human food, and plenty of it. Enjoy yourselves. She and Felix are in the gardens." "I am so glad to be out of there!" Leah exclaimed, spreading her arms high, and stretching. "Between the time change, jet lag, and watching you play Santa all night, I can't decide if I'm tired or hyper. It's a good thing I don't need a lot of sleep since I shifted." She lowered her arms and started walking along the garden path. "It's pretty out here. A lot different than La Push. Different trees. Warmer, too." "Yes, well we are a lot farther south, my mate. But you will travel the world with us in the future, and see places that remind you of home, and places so remarkably different you'll wonder how they can both exist on the same planet." Felix led her to a stone bench, pulling her down onto his lap. She lost track of how long they sat there, completely quiet. She closed her eyes, not quite fully relaxed, and felt his nose nestled at the nape of her neck, breathing her in. "Your scent is as complex as you are, she-wolf. It is unidentifiable in individual components. You smell like the forest in the springtime after a storm. When the sun has begun to show itself again and you can still smell the ozone from the lightning, the fresh rain clinging to the leaves, new evergreen needles, as well as the old ones composting beneath the trees. Wet rocks, blossoming bushes, small flowers, new plants pushing through rich black soil, mushrooms, evaporation, sunlight, a cool breeze carrying the scent of the nearby ocean." He smiled as her face showed her disbelief. "As I said: you are complex." "And incredibly alluring." Demetri's voice sounded from the garden entrance. Leah and Felix stood quickly, smiles lighting both their faces at his appearance. Striding quickly up to them, Demetri continued, "He is right about your scent, though. I have never come across anyone whose personal fragrance is as intricate as yours. It is as amazing, and as indescribably beautiful, as you are." Leah's eyes filled with tears as she reached for her second imprint. She put her hands on his cheeks, running her fingers up and through his hair. "I missed you," she breathed. Then she brought her lips to touch his softly. "I missed you," he said, as he kissed her back, "and you." He turned to Felix, grabbing the large vampire by the neck and jerking him down for a fast, rough kiss. "Come," he said firmly. "It is time to claim my mates." He nodded at Felix's hopeful expression. "I have confirmed it with Marcus, Felix. With the addition of Leah, the bond has been made between us as well. I will mark you tonight, my boy." Leah's heart stuttered when she heard that. Marking. Vampire's did that too, and it made sense that her mates would want to mark her, just as she wanted to mark them. But. . . "Fuck! Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuckity-fuck!" she yelled, kicking at the bushes lining the path. "Damn, fucking SHIT! Demetri looked at his she-wolf, who was shouting curses to the sky, arms flailing and feet stomping. She was magnificent in her rage, but he would not accept this behaviour at the moment. He grabbed the tops of her arms, stilling her movements, and gave her one small shake. "Stop, Leah!" he commanded. "I will not have you do this! I do not know what the problem is, but we cannot help if you throw a fit of temper instead of talking to us. Calm down now!" "Leah," Felix's tone was angry and hurt. While Demetri was dealing with her tantrum, Felix had thought about what set her off. "Does it bother you that he and I are mates after all? Or that he wants to claim me and mark me for all to see? I can think of no other reason for your outburst. Just as you denying me would tear out my soul, this petty jealousy will tear us all apart." Leah snapped her mouth shut at Demetri's actions and Felix's words. She glared at the larger vampire. "Yes, I'm jealous, but not about the two of you, idiot! Didn't I make clear how the thought of both of you together makes me? I'm glad you have bonded as mates; you have always been each other's mate in spirit." She took a breath, softening her gaze as she saw confusion and concern in both their darkened gazes. "I'm pissed off and jealous because you can mark each other, but you can't mark me. You can carry my mark, but I will never carry yours, as much as I want to. Vampire venom is poisonous to shifters." Demetri wrapped his arms around the she-wolf, hugging her tightly. He understood, but knew that she was mistaken. Picking her up so she wrapped her legs around his waist, he kissed her until her heart began to race with desire instead of anger. "Come, we will go to our rooms. I will wait no longer to have you both naked beneath me. I ordered food before I came, and it will be waiting there for you, my Leah." He ran to their rooms, Felix following close behind. Entering, he was pleased to see that a tray had been left on the small table by the couch. Fruit, nuts, dark chocolate, and wrapped pastries. It would keep. Laying Leah on the bed, he stripped at vampire speed and started to undress her. "Strip, Felix. You will please me while I talk to her about marking. And then we will all satisfy each other. I have waited too long to fuck you both." Felix shed his clothes in the blink of an eye, and Demetri had Leah naked just as quickly. She felt a rush of heat and wetness as she watched the powerful vampire drop to his knees at the foot of the bed and take Demetri's cock into his mouth and hands. Leah groaned at the sight. "Spirits, that's hot." She sat at the edge of the bed, Felix between her legs, and ran her hands over his shoulders, reaching around to play with his nipples. Felix groaned and closed his eyes, his own member hardening. "Mmmm, that's it, my boy," Demetri moaned, "suck me. You're so good at that." He fisted his hands in his long-time lover's hair, thrusting slowly in and out of the burly male's mouth. "Look, Leah. Isn't he beautiful on his knees for us? Twist his nipples a bit. Yes, just like that. Hear him groan. Look down. Do you see his cock, long and thick, straining for attention, weeping for us? He's got a spot on his neck, either side. Nip at that spot and his cock jumps, every time. He whimpers, and it's the most amazing sound. That's where we'll mark him. You on one side, and me on the other. "That's where he and I will mark you, too." Demetri gave Leah a warning look when she looked up, mouth open in protest. "Silence, mate. We could not hurt you even if we wanted to. Even if you do think our venom could poison you, I know that it