Hi I'm Lexie Cullen I have one blood related older brother called Edward and I am 17 but our family is different not because we are all adopted by Dr Cullen and his wife but we are all vampires yes even me and I have the most tremendous power ever I can copy gifts like I look at a vampire and if they have a power than I can then also do that power like with Edward he is a mind-reader I looked at him when I was a vampire and now I can read minds too. But I am a very weak and weird vampire. Oh yeah and I have one power that no other vampire has I can control darkness like I say 'shadows appear' and these shadows appear and do EVERYTHING I say and they can also make these shadow swords OMG I adore them. The thing is that we aren't actually related but we say that we are cause we say that Rosaline and Jasper are twins. There not. And that we are siblings the rest off us but it seems that all off the older one have found there blood singer (soul mate) like Edward has Bella, Rosaline and Emmett, Carlisle (adoptive dad) and Esme (adoptive mum) and Alice and Jasper. I am friends with the wolves and I am the only Vampire that is allowed to cross the treaty line my best wolf mates are Seth, Leah and Jake I also get on with the others. Anyway Edward and Bella are now married and they have a half-vampire half-human child called Renesmee who is my niece so I'm a auntie YAY oh wait one more important thing my Vampire friends is a girl in my year called Lily and a boy two years older than me called Levi and all of Carlisle's friends oh and Kieran and Jack but they aren't mates they are just allies. Uh oh Alice is coming. "Lexie guess what" Alice the pixie doppelganger asked me "Avenged sevenfold is here and they want me to join their band" I asked hopefully but then again she probably wants me to go shopping…..again "No silly we're going shopping" she chirped yeah I told ya I hate shopping with Alice I don't know whats wrong with her but she is POSSESSD with shopping I mean she has 17 wardrobes full of clothes and half of it she doesn't even wear she just plays dress-up with Renesmee… unfortunate lass. "No" I said bluntly "Oh please you can bring your friends" She begged god she never gives up does she "Alice why on earth would Levi, Josh, Matt and Andy want to go shopping?" I asked does she forget that my mate is Levi and not just Lily then I smelt Rosaline come (Vampires have different scents so you can tell if another Vampire is around or if one had been where you are unless they hide it with lots of perfume or deodorant etc ) "Lexie and Alice come here we have a important announcement" she said plainly I don't think she is in a good mood but then again she is always miserable so me and Alice looked at each other and went down "So what's the announcement" I asked then I noticed the pack was here "Listen up you know Alice had that vision of the Volturi coming" Edward said oh I remember now they were coming to destroy Renesme. Uh oh the Volturi a.k.a the vampire kings all they want is power which is why they want me because with me they would be 'unstoppable' " They are coming" he said with worry in his tone, wow I never thought I'd see the day that my big brother was scared. "Then we will fight" I said everyone looked at me "Carlisle we have friends all over the world" I commented "No they will die" He had put his foot down "Actually Lexie has a good idea there but what if we didn't fight that's it Carlisle we can get your friends and get them to see the truth if enough people knew then we could convince the Volturi to listen" Edward convinced. Carlisle agreed. This all Irina's fault she is our cousin from Denali Coven and she saw Renesme and thought that she wasn't mortal so basically she thought she was a vampire and vampire children were banned and the punishment was death. Irina came to settle with us because she had fallen out with my family but not me I was her favourite. "I'm sure Lily and Levi wouldn't mind helping or any of my other friends" I said because they are also Vampires but then again all my mates are "Very well we'll start with our cousins the Denali's" Carlisle said YES we are gonna fight the Volturi. "Guys I'm going to co-op" I shouted as I was about to go out the door I was blocked by Emmett "Why we don't eat food" he questioned "I'm going to meet Levi and Lily" I answered poking my tounge out "Goodnight Renesmee" I heard Bella say as she tucked the infant in to bed she was growing up fast she looked 7 but in reality she is 3 months old we were all getting anxious about how long we had with her but I had done some research and half breeds live foREVer they stop growing at 20 or something like that anyway I should get going it is 10:55 and I have to meet my mates at 1am so I ran out the door all the way to co-op vampire speed oh yeah that reminds me about my mates I am also friends with my mate Lily's boyfriend he is called Jack and his best mate is called Kieran and my other mate is Levi but Levi and Kieran hate each other but we are all vampires so I control their emotions and make them feel calm and happy then they get annoyed with me oh well anyways I finally got to co-op but I got thirsty so I drained a drunk man behind some bins it was like 11 at night so I quickly ran to the nearest ocean and swam right to the bottom and found a massive boulder picked it up and shoved him under then I shot out the water and ran all the way back when I got there it was 1am and I found Levi and Lily there waiting for me. "Where were you?" Lily asked me slightly worried so I quickly explained everything to them including the part about the Volturi "Oh hell yeah I'm in" Levi said as he put he arm round my shoulder I should of known he's always up for a fight "Yeah I'll help too especially for my mate no-one is gonna kill my best mates niece" Lily said cheerfully and with that we ran back to my house to tell Carlisle then when we got there Kieran and Jack were there turns out they came looking for me….. Whoops. "Are we nearly there yet" I moaned as me, Edward, Jake, Bella, Renesmee and Levi were on our way to see our cousins the Denali's "Great I stink of wet dog" I moaned but Jake didn't care cause we get on I'm just doing I to wind him up he just nudged me while Levi just smirked at me with his arm round my shoulders eventually I got so bored I decided to read peoples minds first up Levi Why cant Lexie see that I really love her OMG I did not just here that right anyway next up Jake I think Renesmee is my imprint but if I tell Bella she will kill me hmm interesting right Renesmee's turn Where are we going? Who is the Volturi and who is the Denali coven? Wow she has no idea what is going on right Edward it's your turn Lexie why are you reading my mind stop it I'm trying to drive here! Whoops. Right now Bella Stupid Irina this is all her fault I shall kill her when I next see her wow that's scary. We finally got out the car and I sprinted to Kate and she wrapped me in a hug and she didn't electrocute me and I didn't to her we get on soo well "Hey Lexie whats wrong" Tanya asked me "Tanya we need your help the Volturi and coming for Renesmee" I explained "Keep that thing away from us we will be killed" Kate said "No just listen she isn't immortal. She is half" Edward said and lucky Renesmee has a power to show people her thoughts or her past just by touch "Just let her show you" Edward pleaded then slowly and carefully Tanya bent down to her height and as Renesmee lightly touched her face I could see that Tanya was seeing what she wanted her to the Tanya finally spoke "It's true she isn't immortal" she looked at her coven and then at us we will help you fight then I looked at Levi and smiled he smiled back then we went home. It's been 3 months and now we are sharing our home with a whole load of different vampires we had: The Amazon Coven Kachiri Senna Zafrina The Denali Coven Eleazar Carmen Kate Tanya The Egyptian coven Amun Kebi Tia Benjamin The Irish coven Maggie Siobhan Liam The Romanian coven Stefan Vladimir The American Nomads Garrett Mary Peter Charlotte Randall The European nomads Alistair Charles Makenna Most of these people I didn't know we also had Kieran, Lily, Levi and Jack and the wolves but they stayed in there territory in La Push the me and Alice both had a vision we saw the Volturi they were on their way and they were close but Alice wasn't here her and Jasper had run off to go and find another half breed to show that they weren't dangerous but me and Bella are shields and we can protect other people and we are safe from Aro and his gang and then I dropped a vase that I was carrying to put on the table "What did you see" Emmett asked everyone was staring at me I told him and everyone heard then there was chaos "PACK IT IN!" Emmett shouted and I get scared of fights, shouting and all that type of stuff so I ran to the attic with Alistair we're not really a people person. "Scared ya huh" Alistair asked "Yeah you coming down we need a meeting to discuss whats gunna happen" I said and it worked we went down to join in. "We need to start heading to where the battle will be" Edward said "They aren't looking for a chat they want to fight" Rosaline added "Then it's a fight they'll get" I said smirking "NO no-one here is going to die for us" Carlisle said then Tanya and her coven stood up and said "We will help you fight" then as soon as she said that everyone else stood up and agreed to fight When we got to the battle field I felt Levi hold my hand and I didn't pull back I know he was smiling Lily on the other hand was just smirking and I know she wasn't gunna forget this. After 5 minutes the Volturi showed up the first people who stood out to me were the twins, Jane and Alec, Jane with the power to make you feel pain, now mine thank-you very much to the devil's daughter, and Alec with the power to take away all your senses, also mine now thank-you to the devil's son. I decided to read Aro's mind since Edward hid me behind a load of people I still read it where is little Lexie Cullen we could use her with her we would be unstoppable. Then I sent a mind message to