A/N: So many of you asked for another Pertemis fanfic . . . so here it is. I've never seen one where Percy gets really messed up by Annabeth's death, so guess what? Warning: Percy will be somewhat (very) depressed in this first chapter. Things will get a bit worse before he gets to his love interest, whoever she is. This may become a sister story to The Proctor of Judgment, which is why I made the first chapter the way it is. Chapter 1- BOOM! An explosion rippled across camp, making the Poseidon Cabin shake while Percy rushed to the window. It took him a few seconds to comprehend what he was seeing: the Athena Cabin was gone. Debris was flying through the air, damaging a few other cabins. Annabeth was at Archery. . . . . right? He thought, already dreading the the results The demigod ran out of the cabin and over to the crater that used to be the Athena Cabin, looking into the crater that marked the grave of who knows how many Athena campers. A glint of bronze on the edge of his sight caught Percy's attention as he looked around. It was a dagger, with a well-worn hilt and a familiar sheath lying nearby. Annabeth's "Percy?" Connor called, "You okay?" Connor ran up to my side, following my gaze until he spotted the dagger as well, "Oh, gods. I'm so sorry, Percy." "She's gone." Percy's voice was hollow, lifeless and in shock. "She's gone. Annabeth's gone." "Percy, it's gonna be okay, alright?" Connor patted him on the back, "Come on, Chiron's calling a meeting." "She's gone." "I know. Come with me, Percy." Connor grabbed his hand and started pulling him towards the Big House. Percy's legs moved of their own accord while his eyes and mind were focused on the dagger. "She's gone." "Ah, Perseus and Connor. Please, sit." Chiron motioned to a pair of chairs when the two of them reached the Big House. The rest of the people present looked at the son of Poseidon with pity, but he was too numb to even feel it. "This is an emergency meeting to find out what happened to the Athena Cabin." Chiron announced, but most of the people around the ping-pong table weren't really paying attention, "It was a magical explosion, we know that much. It was not caused by Greek Fire or any mortal explosive." "Declan." stated Perseus, his voice empty of emotion. Clarisse nodded, "He's the only son of Hecate powerful enough to do this." "But," Chiron cut in, "we have no evidence that is was him. The death toll is currently nineteen children of Athena and a daughter of Aphrodite, Drew Tanaka. Hecate has no grudge against Athena, and if it was an attack on that particular daughter of Aphrodite, why would he destroy up the entire Athena Cabin?" "Does it matter?" Clarisse countered, "We have twenty dead, and the only one powerful enough to cause that kind of magical explosion. Who, if you'd notice, is not here." Then Mr. D flashed in, "Right, where is the brat? Zeus wants a villain, so I'm bringing him one. Clara, get Dennis." Chiron coughed politely, "Clarisse and Declan, actually, but I beg you not to rule on Declan's innocence so early." Clarisse glared at the centaur, "I have my orders, Chiron." With that, Clarisse turned and strode out of the room, her third electric spear already in her hand. Chiron turned back to Mr. D, "Declan couldn't have done something like this! He fought in both the Titan and Giant Wars, and very valiantly, I might add. He has no motive to do this, and he had much better opportunities in the past!" "It doesn't matter." The son of Poseidon's voice was hollow, but with an undercurrent of anger, "Declan was the only one who could've killed Anna . . . Annabeth." His head fell into his hands, tears flowing into the. palms, "I'm not letting him go, Chiron. If the Olympians don't kill him, I will." "Perseus, my boy, don't do this." Chiron pleaded, "Don't make a decision you will regret." Percy gritted his teeth, forcing the tears back, "The only thing I'll regret is if I'm not the one to kill him." Just then, Clarisse came back, shoving Declan in front of him. Chiron turned back to Dionysus, "I do not believe Declan would have done such a deplorable act!" "Zeus' orders." Mr. D spat, "I'm taking this brat up to Olympus." Chiron, defeated, turned to the son of Hecate, "Do not be afraid. We can prove your innocence." Dionysus grabbed Declan's arm and flashed away. Percy sat slumped into the chair, staring listlessly into the green surface of the ping-pong table. ‡—XXXXX—‡ "Jackson, you'll have to get up sometime." Clarisse growled. "My answer is the same as it was three hours ago." Percy replied, still looking at the table. "She's dead." "Oh, boo-hoo, Jackson." Clarisse snarled, "You think you're the only one who lost someone today? I had friends in the Athena Cabin to. Close friends. But you don't see me moping around." "They weren't her." "Oh, and that makes them unimportant?" demanded Clarisse, "You think that your girlfriend is the only life that mattered? Well, you're fucking wrong , Jackson. You know who else mattered? Mal. Scott. Grayson. Philip. Taylor. Maybe they don't matter to you, High and Mighty Jackson, but they matter to me ." Percy still didn't move, then Clarisse screamed in rage and stabbed me with the blunt end of her spear. Electricity arced through his spasming body, sending it to the floor. "What's your problem, la Rue?" Percy shouted, getting up, "You think you can just stab people when you're angry?" "I can stab you , Jackson." Clarisse yelled back. The son of Poseidon balled his fists and sent a right hook to Clarisse's jaw. She stumbled back before raising her fists as well. They pummeled each other with our bare hands, taking out all thier anger and grief on one another. Percy's finger dislocated after a particularly hard punch to the daughter of Ares' ribs, but he kept going. An elbow slammed into the demigod's ribs, cracking at least one and sent him stumbling backwards. The daugther of Ares grabbed Percy by the shirt collar, lifting him up and throwing him into the table. As his staggered to his feet, Percy grabbed a chair and flung it at her. Clarisse's left arm broke with a crack as the chair hit it, but she just grinned and lunged at the demigod. Percy was body-slammed into the wall before Clarisse grabbed his shoulders and shoved the demigod into the table again. The son of Poseidon growled, swinging to his feet and grabbing Clarisse's arms before slamming his forehead into her nose. Blood exploded from it as broke, most of it landing on Percy's face before he threw her into the door. It broke under the force, sending her into the hall. The demigod lunged after her, ready for more when he heard a desperate voice. "Stop!" Chiron ordered, "What have you done?" Reluctantly, Percy stood back as he waited for to Clarisse get to her feet. She didn't, and the son of Poseidon joined her on the floor a few seconds later. ‡—XXXXX—‡ Percy's chest was a mass of bruises when he came around. "Hey Chiron, he's awake!" Cameron called. Cameron was the head of the Nemesis Cabin, and was an old friend of Percy's from before the Titan War. Chiron clip-clopped over, looking down at the young man with disapproval, "Why would you fight with Clarisse like that?" "I was grieving. She was grieving. We helped each other." Percy replied, feeling alive for the first time since she died, "Believe me, it helped." "Perseus, my boy, you had over fifteen broken bones, and twice that cracked." Chiron replied, "There is bruising all over your body, and even internal bleeding. Whatever "help" she gave you, it came at a horrible price." Percy's throat tightened, "Is Clarisse. . ." "Dead?" Chiron shrugged, "That remains to be seen. Some of her nose went backwards into her skull, but she had fewer broken bones and less internal bleeding. She is currently in Apollo's palace, unconscious." The son of Poseidon sighed in relief, "So I just have kitchen duty?" Chiron nodded, "For the next three months. Along with Clarisse." Percy nodded, and Chiron turned away before looking over his shoulder at the demigod, "Perseus, if you need help coping with Annabeth's death you can always come to me." Like hell, Percy thought. He knew better than to get up and get what he wanted, instead turning to Cameron, "Can you get me a sheet of paper and a pencil?" "Sure." The son of Nemesis headed out, then returned a few minutes with a notebook and a few pencils, "Chiron told me you have to stay there for the rest of the day, at least. The night passed while you were unconscious, by the way." "Thanks, Cameron." Percy took opened the notebook then sat back, thinking. Once he made up his mind, the demigod started writing, Clarisse, Thank you. The fighting knocked some sense into me, and it feels like something's changed, Just fighting again kinda. . . woke me up, I guess. Growling unhappily, Percy tore that sheet of paper, and started a new page. Clarisse, Thank you. The fight helped me get out of that mood. Ever since Annabeth's death, I felt empty and hollow- The demigod ripped that one up as well. He didn't want a replacement for Annabeth. He didn't want to make it sound like he wanted to become boyfriend to Clarisse. He just wanted to say thanks. Clarisse, Get well soon, and thank you for everything. Percy Jackson Percy looked at the finished note with satisfaction, then folded it up and turned back to the notebook with nothing to do. So he started writing: 12/24/2015- Journal One? You know, I never thought I'd ever write in a journal. But hey, I'm stuck in a bed for the rest of the day, what else can I do? So I guess this is it. Yesterday, Annabeth died. I don't want to say she was the love of my life, but I think she was. When she died, I just stopped thinking and feeling, mostly. Should I put the date of her death in here? I mean, it's just a day before the date I put down at the top, right? Whatever: 12/23/2015. There we go. Now it's just a number. Shouldn't I feel, like, angry at her death? Sad? Empty? I've read something, somewhere, that says sad comes later. Shock comes first, and I think that's past now. So where am I? Lost? Whatever. The future is what matters, right? 12/25/2015- Journal Two Clarisse's fine, by the way. Apparently fighting helped her, too. I got out of my bed, but I can't do anything "strenuous" for the next week. So guess what? I'm writing here again. Clarisse is still in bed, though. I got Annabeth's dagger from Travis, and Connor found her necklace, somehow. Hell, I thought it would be in Europe after that explosion. Anyways, they're both hanging on the wall. The pain is coming, too. Every time I look at the necklace, I just . . . . I just . . . . . ah, whatever. The future is what matters, right? 12/28/2016- Journal Five Clarisse is conscious again, finally. We also served the first day of kitchen duty together. We didn't talk at all, only washing with silence. Then, after we were done, Clarisse took out her dagger and made a cut on her arm, about five inches."One inch for every one of my friends who died there." She said. If I did that, would Annabeth only be one inch? Would I make it two? Three inches? Gods, every time I look at that dagger, it hurts. Like homesickness, maybe. Like