Chap. 1: A New Teacher and Camp "Hello, class. I am Artemis Callisto. You will call me Ms. Callisto." A four year-old Percy Jackson couldn't help but wonder -their new gym teacher didn't look like the other ones. And she had a funny name, too Artemis look over the class she was supposed to be teaching. She knew Orion was here -along with several other monsters. The vice principal, at least, was a manticore, and a math teacher looked like a Fury -why would Hades send his servants here? The monsters she could deal with, though. Orion was a different story. But now there was a complication to an already risky operation: A demigod. More than that, a son of Poseidon, and years after the Pact of the Three was made. Four years old, or thereabouts. He wasn't supposed to exist. So Artemis pushed a cart of balls into the middle of the gym and told the students to do whatever they wanted, but it had to be gym-related. Then she watched. The boy was certainly somewhat athletic, and willing to help anyone back up to their feet after they tripped or tumbled. A heavy hand fell on her shoulder. "How are you doing today, Ms. Callisto?" Orion asked politely. "Well, Mr. Bowman. I am doing well." Artemis replied in kind, "I take it you are not planning any . . . surprises today?" Orion smiled, the kind face she once knew spoiled by the scars and mechanical eyes, "Oh, I thought I'd give you a few days to settle in." "I would thank you for your generosity, but I am not in the habit of talking to boorish males." The giant man tutted, "So impolite, Ms. Callisto. Are you trying to teach your students to be rude as well?" "To you, perhaps. I wonder why you have not laid waste to the entire school yet." Artemis asked, not expecting an answer. "Unlike you gods, I try not to kill innocent children. The only reason your head is not my trophy is I need time to escape, and that does not allow for fighting you." Orion replied, "However, rest assured that should you enter hostilities, I will not hesitate. After all, Zeus has much more blood on his hands than I could ever spill." Artemis frowned but stayed silent as Orion moved away. The boy she was keeping an eye on was looking after the giant in fear and wonder. Her frown deepened. ├-┼-X-X-X-┼-┤ Artemis breathed out slowly, raising her bow and aiming at Orion's undefended back as he walked through the empty school hallways. Her aim was centered on his heart, and her arrow flew true. Orion howled in pain, falling to one knee and putting a hand to his chest, "ARGH! I warned you, Artemis! Did you think you could defeat me with no demigod to aid you?" "No." answered the goddess, "But I have no need to risk my Hunters on this operation." "You . . ." the giant chucked as blood flowed from around the arrow in his chest. His hand fell to his pocket, pressing a button. Fire bloomed from every classroom and hallway as explosions erupted around the school, turning it to a cinder with both of them inside. And one other, uninvited guest. Percy peeked around the corner, seeing the scary man slump down with an arrow sticking through him. Saw him reach into his pocket. Then he was thrown forward from the force of an explosion not ten feet away from him, sending twisted and shattered metal shards into his back as he flew through the air like Superman, slamming into the scary man. His outstretched hands with untidy nails opened only the tiniest of scratches on Orion's face. Enough for a single drop of blood to form. The giant's eyes widened, "Nooooo!" Then he was gone. That was all it took to kill a giant. Artemis ran forward, kicking Orion's dissolving body out of the way and picking up the boy. He was alive -barely. Metal shards were sticking out of his flesh, and his back was badly burned. She swore, reactively pressing her hands to the boy's body. Pure sliver light flowed from her hands, healing the worst of the wounds. There was only so much she could do -her agreement with the Fates that let her interact with mortals bound much of her power. But she could heal some . . . and hope for the rest. Gods damn it, he wasn't suppose to be here. ├-┼-X-X-X-┼-┤ "Can we risk more nectar, Lady Artemis?" a voice said, barely reaching Percy's groggy state of near-unconsciousness. "Very little." came the voice of his gym teacher. "I can try nature magic, milady." came another voice, slightly different. "Do so." Featherlight hands touched his temples, and his mouth was open. Some delicious liquid seeped into his mouth. It tasted like vanilla pudding. After it came what felt like leaves. They weren't sweet, salty, or sour. A little tangy, maybe. A soft song also reached him -not in any language he recognized. The song seemed to speak to the parts of him that hurt the most, easing them and healing his wounds. "He'll be up soon, milady." It was the third voice again. "Good." The first voice came again, "Lady Artemis, are you sure about this? We've never tried it before." "Get them early enough, and even males can be trained." Percy whimpered in pain, opening his eyes and trying to get up. He was strapped to a bed, and all the muscles in his four-year old body couldn't break them. "Mom?" he asked, looking around, "Where's Mom?" "Hush, now." Artemis said, going with her instincts -she had some connection to the mothering domain through her own mother, and let it guide her, "I'm your new mother." "New . . . mother?" asked Percy uncertainly. "Yes, and these are your new sisters, Zoë, Pheobe, Naomi, and Celyn." Artemis pointed out, "Rest now. You will need your strength in the days to come." ├-┼-X-X-X-┼-┤ Zoë ruffled a seven-year old Percy's hair as the son of Poseidon tried to bend a short, weak bow. "Thou must center the recurve on thy calf." she explained, demonstrating. Percy nodded, copying her. Years of eating the Hunter's fare and elementary training under Artemis' tutelage stripped away all his baby fat early, replacing it with fledgling muscle. "Now, take thy bowstring and slip the loop over one end, nestling it into the notches on either end." instructed the master Hunter, again demonstrating, "Once thou is finished, slip the opposite loop on the opposite end." Percy followed her orders, stringing his first bow in short order. "Dost thou see the target?" Zoë asked, pointing. It was fairly close, only some ten meters away. The son of Poseidon nodded. "Take aim." Percy held the bow up, pointing it at the target as he saw many, many other Hunters do. Zoë paced around him, correcting a few minor flaws -but it was mostly correct. "Thou must hold form for two minutes." ordered the daughter of Atlas. Percy nodded, doing his best to hold the bow steady and keep his form tight. Zoë didn't expect him to make it -rather, have it be a goal he could attain by the end of today or midway tomorrow. By one minute, his bow arm started shaking lightly of keeping even this small bow up and level. By a minute and a half, it ached. But he didn't stop. At two minutes, Zoë called time. Percy, relieved, let his arms drop to his side. The Hunter let him rest and massage his arm for fifteen seconds before speaking again, "Now resume thy form." Percy sprung to it, doing his absolute best to emulate his previous stance. Again Zoë circled him, correcting mistakes where she found them. This happened again and again over the course of an hour, and by the end of it Percy could assume the right form over half the time, and hold it well. "Zoë, why are we practicing this?" asked the son of Poseidon, legitimately confused, "If I can get the stance right now, why keep trying?" "A Hunter can never think about their form, in combat, nor can they take time to remember where exactly their quiver is or estimate the range to the target. It must all be instinctual." Zoë then proceeded to prove her point, turning and dropping into a perfect firing position, her hand going to her quiver as fast as lighting as she put arrows through lightly fluttering leaves. Percy looked on in awe, "Can you teach me how to do that?" "I shall teach thou that and much, much more in time, little brother." ├-┼-X-X-X-┼-┤ Nine years old now, Percy was given a pair of dull Celestial Bronze knives and was facing Pheobe in a clear, sandy area Artemis summoned to train it. "Give it a swing." instructed the Hunter, "Get a feel for it." Percy did so, swinging the knives around, "Why do we use knives when we could shoot them from dozens of meters away?" Pheobe didn't smile -she rarely did- but her tone wasn't unkind, "Sometime you won't have room to fire a bow -or you won't have time. That's when blades come out." As he started feeling the weight of the knives, the Hunter stepped in, "Hold them higher up the hilts. You want your second joint to point the same way the blade does -towards the enemy." Percy nodded, adjusting his grip accordingly, until Pheobe signaled that it was good enough, "Now, hit those dummies a few times." The little Hunter-to-be nodded happily, moving over and taking a swing. His dulled knife twisted in his hands as the heavy armor the dummy wore turned it. Percy frowned as Pheobe came over. "You have to hold the knife tightly, and aim for chinks in the enemy's armor. Otherwise, your blades will never cause damage." instructed the expert Hunter, "Speed and agility is more important that raw strength when wielding knives -but never think strength isn't crucial. Without it, you couldn't drive your strikes home." The demigod nodded obediently. "Good. We'll start on unarmed combat in an hour." ├-┼-X-X-X-┼-┤ "You're late." Celyn observed as Percy stumbled into her neck of the woods at eleven years old. "Sorry, big sis. Pheobe kept me on knifework for a long time." Percy replied. "She obsesses over it too much." she sighed, "What do you know of nature magic?" "Satyrs and nymphs use it a lot." Percy answered, "Usually, they channel it through something, like reed pipes." "Correct. Usually, Hunters gain some magic through their oath with Artemis -the ability to communicate with our wolves, birds, and other creatures, or move silently through the forest." Celyn said, "Most Hunters have a rudimentary connection with nature -though I, and perhaps you as well, have much more." "You're a daughter of Pan, right?" asked the demigod, "And that's where you get your power. But why would I be different than anyone else?" "Artemis poured a large portion of her power into you to keep you alive." Celyn gestured, "Powerful magic like that affects someone's body -especially if they're young." "Okay . . . what do you want me to do?" "For starters, press your hand against this tree." Celyn motioned to the particular tree. Percy nodded, stepping forward and laying his right hand against it. It felt warm, warmer than it should, and he could feel something flowing beneath his fingertips. "Unlike most powers granted by the gods, nature magic is very open-ended." Celyn informed him, "With practice, you can see through the eyes of any denizen of the forest, if you concentrate. Let me show you something I can do." The Hunter carefully plucked a leaf from a tree, holding it between her fingers and closing her eyes, "I can sense life all around me. Ants climbing the tree next to you, and the worms burrowing through the ground