Chapter 1: Broken Bird - KPOV *Present time* The woods are especially full of sounds today, as I near the hollowed tree where I've always stored my hunting supplies. There are dozens of birds singing and flapping around the treetops above, and I can hear leaves rustling all around me. I can hear some wild turkeys going about their noisy business, off to the right from where I stand. Suddenly, I hear twigs snapping a few paces behind me, somewhere to my left. For a moment, fear of the unseen enemy grips me tightly. I have to force myself to focus and slow my breathing, not wanting to give away my position. After what feels like a lifetime, I remember that I'm not in The Games anymore. I retell myself that I'm safe, at home, in the woods back in Twelve. As the loud pounding in my ears starts to die down, I am able to identify the sound that turns out to be a harmless deer. I close my eyes, release a shaky breath, and I shake off the leftover adrenaline. I want to try to keep my mind off so many horrible memories. As if I could ever forget – I think to myself and brace myself on the tree for support as some of the most painful memories invade my mind. It has been a year since I assassinated Coin, was declared mentally unstable, and sent back to Twelve. Even after all this time, I can still hear the bombs that killed Prim drumming in my ears, just as I can still feel the heat of their fire blast upon my skin. Their deafening sound still thunders within each increasing heart beat in my chest. Thinking of that day, always reminds me of all the things that lead up to it. If reminds me of all I endured and the destruction I witnessed, and I fight the feeling of guilt from gripping me too tightly as it once did. I still remember the agony of hearing Prims name called the day of the reaping, me volunteering, begging Gale to help my mother sister, the train, meeting Haymitch aboard the train, Effie, Peeta, the training, the scoring, meeting Cinna, the cornucopia, the count down pounding in my ears, the running, the blood, the canons, the fighting, the tracker-jackers, Rue, more canons, the mutts… the dammed berries! I can feel my chest tightening and I know I'm on the verge of a panic episode, but the thoughts don't stop. The second Reaping, Peeta volunteering for Haymitch, Cinna being beaten, Peeta hitting the force field, the poisonous misty fog, losing Maggs, the monkeys, the jabberjays, Johanna, Wiress, the spinning cornucopia, Beetee and the lightning, losing Peeta, finding Finnick… shooting my arrow and destroying the arena! It's all too much, it's all much too real again and I find myself gasping for breath that I can't seem to catch. " Sweetheart, don't forget to breathe... Match my breathing… That's right, Princess… slowly inhale and let it out… again… You can cry but breathe… I've got you." I start to hear Haymitch's voice in my head. Still leaning on the tree, I try to do as he instructs. I've lost count of how many times he's done this for me in reality. He may live across from me in The Victor's Village, but some days it seems like he's all but moved into my house. I know he'd rather be at his place getting drunk and sleeping it off, but I also know he does it for me. It's for him then, that I do as he always tell me and I try to regulate my breathing again. While I do, I question for the hundredth time, why he does it time and again, and wonder how he always finds the strength and patience to put up with me. Eventually, even after I've calmed some, I'm still unable to keep my mind from wandering to some of the less terrible, but still somber memories after the war was done. *Flashback(s)* The Capitol's healers told us my episodes would happen from time to time, so they taught Haymitch how to help settle me when they did. Before leaving my mother in charge at The Capital's hospital, she'd given me a bottle of some pills, saying she'd replenish them as I needed them. I was instructed to take one every night to help me sleep and to always carry one with me, in case of a sudden flashback. I knew wouldn't, because I knew I deserved to suffer for all the pain I'd brought upon all those I knew and cared about. I remember the first couple of months after my return, I was so numb to everything. I couldn't cry, I couldn't feel, and I couldn't sleep. I vaguely remember understanding how my mother had become the way she was after my father had died. Through it all, Haymitch was by my side. After the first several nights, he had to force me to take the damned pill. I was sure he did it so he could get some sleep, as well. Eventually, that became a nightly routine until I finally stopped fighting it, and took the pill calmly. I still couldn't cry or feel anything but I did sleep. However, sleep only enabled the nightmares to come. I hated them for being so real and often awoke screaming, but the pills effects would make me too drowsy to remain awake. The nightmares would return again and again. Sometimes, I felt Haymitch tucking me back in or tenderly speaking words that were meant to be soothing until the pills' effects would lull me back into different nightmares. Other times, I'd fall back asleep alone and scared. During those nights, I missed Peeta the most but knew I wouldn't allow my darkness to spread onto over him. I never returned Peeta's messages, which Haymitch would scribble down for me. Actually, I tended to avoid everyone else's messages as well. I did always make a point to have Haymitch tell anyone who asked for me, that I wished them well. I felt that was the most I could do. I knew I was worrying Haymitch and I wanted to try to be better for him, but I just couldn't bring myself to care. The day Buttercup amazingly found his way back home about four months later, I had a severe brake down. I remember it felt like all the emotions I'd been numb to, suddenly took over me... all at once. The strongest by far, were grief and overwhelming guilt. Those were much too much for me to handle. The grief for everyone I'd lost was so painfully gut-wrenching. Yet still, grief was nothing compared to the guilt I felt. I knew that everyone I loved and lost, that all the souls that lost their lives in the war... i knew that it was because of me. If I'd just eaten those berries at the end of my first Games… everyone, especially those closest to me, would still be alive and well. That same night, Haymitch walked in on me trying to swallow all the pills from the refill bottle that had just arrived from my mother. I tried to fight him off, all the while crying and begging for him to just let me go, to let it end. I fought, I kicked and I screamed at him for making me throw up. It was a losing battle since the pills were already making me too drowsy to fight him effectively. He took my pitiful punches and my pathetic kicks until all that was left, were my sobs. Then, he'd just held me until I'd exhausted myself to sleep. Over the next days and nights, he remained watchful as ever. I knew he feared I'd make another attempt on my miserable life and he was right to think so. He removed razors and mirrors, as well as any glass I could get my hands on. He flushed all cleaning liquids and medications. I was certain he was sleeping outside my door at night. I realized one night I lay awake fighting sleep, that he'd been sober though it all. That was confirmed the next morning when I went looking for some alcohol to drink away some of the pain. He smiled sadly at me and asked how I hadn't noticed he'd been clean for weeks. Again, I realized I was failing him and hurting him. I didn't know what to say, so I added that to the long list of things I already felt guilty for. Several weeks after that, I woke up one morning to so many sounds that confused me. Haymitch had arranged a reunion of sorts. It was more of an intervention, but Effie insisted on calling it a reunion to heal our souls. After the shock wore off and all greetings were out of the way, Effie told me that Haymitch had been very worried for me. She said he'd mentioned my ramblings of guilt the night of my breakdown, so she suggested we all get together. Everyone readily aggreed, she told me. I had a few intense moments with Peeta and Gale before breakfast that day. Then, breakfast had taken an interesting turn as i made several observations. During that time, they all took turns reminding me that they'd all lost someone or multiple people, because of Snow, which i already knew. Apparently though, I had been so involved in my own pain, that I had ignored all of theirs. They each went on to tell me that they knew, very well, that The Mockingjay had been a symbol born out of a desperate population that was far too tired of being beat down figuratively and physically, by Snow. They told me Snow was to blame for our losses just as much as Coin was, for launching the war itself. They kept repeating that I was a piece in their power game, and not to blame for any of it. I found myself listening and understanding what they were saying. I even agreed that some things they were saying made sense, but it was hard to let go of the guilt. Eventually, it was Pollux that got through to me. His hand gestures were translated by Cressida, but each word was expressed on his face, and I finally started to believe the truth. I started to feel some relief as the guilt began to melt away in the form of tears streaking down my cheeks. My tears didn't get far before Pollux gently wiped each one of them away. Out reunion lasted about two weeks, although some of them had to leave after the first week. Pollux stayed the longest and neither, Haymitch or I, minded at all. He was a quiet person, but so expressive. He'd begun teaching Haymitch and I his hand language until we knew the basics pretty well but we also kept a note pad for anything that was too complicated for us to understand. He'd even accompanied me on a couple of hunting outings, but those wound up pretty fruitless. As quiet as he was, he was a heavy stepper … at least that's what I blamed it on and not that he was a distraction to me. I would frequently think back to the look in his eyes the day he'd wiped my tears away, as well as other times we'd shared. I had started to recognize something in him that I'd never noticed before. Aside from realizing he was right about everything and how passionate he was when in communicating with his hands, and how the sincerity that poured off him seemed almost palpable... What struck me more, above everything, was the tenderness he displayed with me. Being that close to him felt so much more intense and powerful than anything I'd ever felt with Gale or Peeta. I just didn't know