I looked out the small window of the air plane. I was finally leaving my home town where people now stared at me, had hushed conversations whenever I came around, and where my parents couldn't even look at me. I took a deep breath, I was moving up to Forks, Washington to live with my uncle and cousin. "The captain has put on the fasten seatbelt sign, we are now starting our descent into Seattle, Washington" the stewardess said over the intercom. I refastened my seatbelt and waited as we landed. I walked out of the airport and found my uncle Charlie waiting for me inside of a police car. "Hey Uncle Charlie" I said hugging him as I came up to the car. "Hey kiddo it's been a long time" Charlie said putting my bags in the trunk. "Yeah it's been awhile" I said as we started our drive to his house. We soon pulled up to an old house that looked exactly as I remembered it from the last time I was here. "I see you and Bella aren't into the whole redecorating thing" I said looking around the house. "Well, the flat screen is new" Charlie said gesturing toward the television. "It's nice" I said, "football fan?" I asked noting that the pregame was on. "Yeah, if you want to watch the game, Billy and his son Jacob are coming over, you remember them right?" Charlie asked leading me up the stairs. "Yeah, I remember" I said following him. "So, Bella and I cleaned some space in the bathroom, and here is your room" Charlie said showing me a small room. The room was light blue with a queen sized bed in one corner that had black sheets and a quilt with a wolf sprawled over the black comforter. There was a wooden desk in another corner and dresser next the closet with a mirror hanging over the dresser. Various framed photos and paintings hung on the walls also. "I wasn't sure how you would want it set up, so I got Bella..." he trailed off when I gave him a look. The Bella I remembered growing up wouldn't have decorate a room this nicely. "...Who got her friend, Alice, to decorate it" Charlie said setting a couple of my bags in the room. "Thank you" was all I could say, "the quilt is really nice" I said noting the slight irony. "Yeah, it was a gift from Billy" Charlie explained. "Thank you, Charlie, for letting me stay here" I said. "No problem, uh, that should be Billy" Charlie said when we heard a knock at the door. After I got most of my clothes unpacked I went down stairs and found Charlie sitting with two other people. One was about my age maybe a year younger with long wavy black hair and sat on the couch with Charlie. The other was older with long black hair also, but he sat in a wheel chair next to the couch. "I was wondering when you were going to come down" Charlie said as I walked down the stairs. All three of them turned around and looked at me, maybe I shouldn't of came down. "Malia this is Billy and his son Jacob. Billy, Jacob, you remember my niece Malia" Charlie introduced us. "Yeah of course, you use to visit during the summer" Jacob said with a smile. "It's nice to have you back, it's been a while since the last time you were up here" Billy said sticking out his hand. I took his hand and shook it, "yeah it's nice to be staying for a while" I said, my current plan was to finish high school here then to find the pack and live with them. When I had first turned a small pack had helped me learn to control it, at least somewhat. "Oh, and thank you for the quilt, it's... fitting " I said searching for the right word. "Of course, the wolf is sacred to the Quileute tribe, you know" Billy said. "Really now" I said honestly interested. "Yeah, because we're supposedly descended from wolves " Jacob said sarcastically. "Hey mock all you want but it's true" Billy said taking his son's antics light heartedly. I watched the rest of the game with them sitting in the recliner next to the couch. "So Charlie, no Bella again?" Billy asked when another commercial came on. "No, she's out with Edward" Charlie said with a slight tone that meant he must not completely like this Edward guy. I noticed Billy slightly tense up at the name and saw Jacob fidget slightly too. Hm, I wonder what this guy did to get such a response. The game soon ended and Billy and Jacob left, when they left I got a better look at Jacob and noticed just how tall and muscular he was. I ate with Charlie, some sort of fried fish, well what I assumed was fish, and soon after Bella came home. "Hey Bella" I said as she walked through the door. "Oh my god, Malia, I completely forgot you came today" Bella said giving me an awkward hug. I smiled to myself, yup she was the same old awkward Bella just like her dad. "Yeah, don't worry it's fine, it's been awhile" I said. We caught up for a little while more before I went up stairs to go to sleep. I changed into some pajams before crawling into my new bed. That night I had the same dream I had been having for the past year. I was driving a car trying to get home as fast as I could. "I can't believe this, Luka, how stupid could you be? You're just lucky mom and dad don't find out" I shouted in the car to my younger brother. "Come on it's not that bad, you used to do it all the time" Luka slurred in the passenger seat. "You don't get it Luka-" I was cut off when I suddenly slammed on the breaks in the middle of an intersection, I hadn't seen the red light. The car honked at me as it swerved around me. I turned to Luka just as I saw large headlights of a semi truck come towards us. I woke up panting covered in sweat. Where am I? I thought to myself as I looked around the dark. Reality soon came back to me and I remembered where I was. Once I got my breathing under control I checked the time and saw that it was five in the morning. I sighed, I knew I wasn't going to get anymore sleep so I decided to get up and shower. Once I showered I changed into a loose black tank top with a gray wolf design printed on it, black jeans and brown mid calf boots. I finished getting ready before grabbing my leather jacket and bag and headed down stairs. I played with my bracelet as I rode with Bella to school. "Two more hikers found dead outside-" the radio announcer was cut off when Bella changed the station. "So do a lot of hikers get killed out here?" I asked, something didn't seem right about it. "Ugh, yeah there's a lot of animal attacks, in the woods" Bella said hesitating in the middle of her sentence. "Hm, not so different than Maryland" I said. I would have to go into the woods and investigate it later today. We soon reached the school and I didn't realize just how cloudy it was until I looked up at the school. I got out of the car and I noticed five kids staring at us. Two girls sat in a red convertible, with my enhanced vision I could see one had long curly blonde hair, she was was pale with golden eyes and extremely beautiful. The other had short brown hair with the same paleness and golden eyes. A large jeep was parked next to them with two guys, one was large and muscular, even larger than Jacob, and short brown hair. The one next to him was slimmer with shaggy golden hair. Next was a Volvo with a tall guy with light brown hair. They all shared the same paleness and golden eyes. "Why are they staring at us like that?" I asked walking beside Bella. The last guy with the Volvo suddenly walked up to us. "Melia this is Edward my, um, boyfriend. Edward this is Malia my cousin" Bella said as Edward put an arm around her. "So you're Edward, Charlie has told me about you" I said. "Good things I'm sure" Edward said with a small laugh. I suddenly felt a tingle in my mind, as if something was trying to worm it's way into my thoughts. That's when it hit me, their extreme paleness, all of them being painfully beautiful, the same inhuman colored eyes, they were vampires. The pack had told me about vampires and how some of them had special powers. I quickly shut my mind and the tingling stopped. "Let's just say Charlie isn't exactly your number one fan. I should get to the front office to get my schedule, it was nice to meet you" I said to Edward's shocked face. I quickly got my schedule and the day went by quickly when all I could think of was Edward and family were a vampires. The biggest question though was, did Bella know about them? When I was finally back at Charlie's house I told Bella I was going for a walk. I quickly ran into the woods next to the house. Once I was far enough in the woods I changed into my wolf form. I took a moment to stretch before I took off running through the trees. After about an hour of running I picked up multiple scents. They smelled like wolves but they smelt too clean to be real wolves. Were there other werewolves in this area? My head suddenly perked up and my ears pointed as I heard a howl in the distance. My ears twitched as more howls joined. I quickly took off when I realized the wolves were getting closer to me. I ran back Charlie's house as fast as I could. When I reached the old house I changed back to my human form and went into the house. "Hey, we were wondering when you were going to come back" Bella said from the living room. I quickly noticed that Edward was sitting next to her and Charlie was on the recliner. I got some left over pasta that Bella made and sat on the opposite end of the couch than Bella and Edward. "Hey Charlie are there any wolves around here?" I asked suddenly causing Edward to stare at me. "Wolves? Well I've never seen any but yeah there's a good chance they're out there, why?" he asked taking a sip of his beer. "When I was on my walk I heard some howls far away" I explained simply. I could feel Edward staring at me as if he was trying to burn holes through me. I quickly excused myself after I finished eating and went upstairs. I spent the rest of the night doing homework and researching wolves in the area. Before I knew it I looked at the clock on my laptop and saw that it was one in the morning. "Crap" I said as turned off my computer. I changed into some pajamas and went to sleep. My sleep was short lived, though, as I woke up panting and sweating, again. I had the same nightmare except this time it was ten times worse. I sat up in my bed putting my face in my hands and cried as I remembered the night of the accident. Once I got my tears under control I ran my fingers through my hair as I took deep breaths. When I calmed down