Disclaimer: Lord of the Rings is owned by J.R.R. Tolkien, his family, New Line cinema, etc. I'm only dabbling my unworthy fingers in his Great Works. Credit: Tuckborough dot net & en dot wikipedia dot org/wiki/A_Elbereth_Gilthoniel Summary: The White Wizard explains the folly of angering a Gamgee to the Prince of Mirkwood during the journey from the Black Gates to the Field of Cormallen. Shelob's Bane The journey to Ithilien, which had commenced earlier that day, proceeded at a steady pace and soon the mixed company of Men, Elves, Hobbits and Dwarf would escape the fetid air of the Black Lands, allowing their wounded a better chance of recovery. But night was drawing close and the King called for the company to halt and take their rest until dawn brightened their path once more. As instructed, horses were tethered and carts laden with injured and weary soldiers were brought to a standstill as the more able-bodied among them went about the duty of setting up a camp. After assuring himself of the continued good health of Frodo and Sam in the tent which had been erected for the short stay, Gandalf left them to the capable hands of Aragorn and now stood by his small fire searching his robe for the elusive pouch of Old Toby he had pocketed earlier. On finally locating his quarry, he settled himself by the fire and began to stuff his pipe with his dwindling supply of weed, frowning at the little which remained. He really must speak with Aragorn about procuring more as soon as possible! How was a Wizard to think without a decent pouch full of the Shire's best kept secret? Lighting his pipe, Gandalf was soon enjoying the pleasing fumes that issued through its stem. Ah, that's better! As Gandalf allowed himself to finally relax, his mind began to mull over the various discoveries he had made while delving into the memories of the hobbits as they lay recovering in the healing sleep which Aragorn had placed them under. The Eagles had rescued them only two days ago, but the hobbits had been in a such a state that he was not entirely certain they would survive the night. Were it not for the healing powers of a certain ranger - and the stubbornness of a certain Gamgee - Frodo would have gladly forsaken his chance to live and Sam, the most loyal of friends, would not have been able to bear life without him. Gandalf closed his eyes and thanked the Valar for the delivery of both Ringbearers. It would have been a hollow victory indeed if they had died after all their triumphs. Each anniversary of the fall of Sauron would forever have been tinged with the bitter taste of grief for the remaining Fellowship. "Mithrandir, are you well?" Gandalf was startled out of his thoughts by the question and looked up to see Legolas watching him with concern. "Ah, Legolas! Yes. All is well. I was merely pondering our very good fortune at having Frodo and Samwise returned to us." "Praise the Valar indeed for the gift of their continued presence!" declared the Prince of Mirkwood in agreement. "And for the courage and strength they possess which has ensured that all peoples and lands shall flourish and grow, threatened no longer by the foulness of Mordor!" "Their courage and strength have been great indeed," replied Gandalf. "Many doughty warriors have I met, and many noble Lords with hearts resolved to fight for their peoples and lands when needed. Yet the greatest of these - even were they armed with the burning spirit of righteousness and the mightiest sword of Elven craft - could not have accomplished what our two young friends have so recently brought to pass." His wrinkled face was wreathed in a smile as Legolas took a seat opposite him. "Have you gazed into their memories this day?" queried the elf. "I have. It is best to do these things while they slumber still and my intrusion cannot harm them." "And what did you see, Mithrandir? We know so little yet of the trials they faced, or how they came by all of their wounds." Gandalf did not answer immediately, taking instead a long puff of his pipe and inhaling deeply while he considered how much he was willing to discuss at this point. What he had seen was terrible and painful. He had explored the memories of Frodo's journey the day after his rescue and they had given him much to dwell on. It was as he suspected it might have been, in the end. Frodo could not part with his burden and finally succumbed to the infliction of his Ring-induced desire. Fortunately, his loyal companion had been spared the agony of a decision which would have surely destroyed his soul too - had he actually been able to carry the deed through to its horrific conclusion. Gollum interceded most violently, biting the One Ring from Frodo's very finger and taking it into the fiery lake with him when he plunged to his doom. But although the Ring's demise had freed Frodo from his short-lived madness, a mantle of guilt had now settled on the hobbit's frail shoulders and he was not wearing it well. Gandalf would gladly have shed him of that cursed cloak and taken it upon his own shoulders instead. Alas! That was not possible. So he would have to make do with his own guilt at the necessity of including Frodo on the Quest in the first place, having known what it may do to him. That was a bitter enough cup to drink from! In the meantime, he would be grateful for Frodo's survival and the chance he now had to discover the joy in life again. Perhaps that would allow him to shed the dark mantle he bore. And his faithful friend would be there every step of the way to tend to his needs and comfort him; for had it not been for Sam, the Ringbearer would have gladly walked into the welcoming arms of Death despite Aragorn's heartfelt pleas. Sam ... The wizard allowed a smile to turn his lips upwards. In all his long years walking the lands of Middle Earth, he had rarely encountered such an indomitable person as the humble gardener. A modest and self-deprecating hobbit, to be sure; yet the most treasured of friends and one of the brightest sons ever to rise from the sleepy lands of the Shire. "You asked what I saw, Legolas, so I shall tell you: I saw the Sun," Gandalf finally replied. "He bathed me in his golden light and kissed my weary forehead with his unquenchable hope." "He?" asked Legolas, slightly confused at the Istar's riddling ways. Gandalf expelled a breath of Old Toby and the smoke took the form of a glowing orb with rays dancing from it before dissipating on the gentle breeze. Legolas would have been impressed if he hadn't had the misfortune of inhaling it; the elf struggled not to cough or otherwise ruin his air of elegant disdain for his friend's bad habit. "You had better get used to that you know," said Gandalf in a moment of humour, nodding at the dying wisps of fragrant smoke. "Gimli is very fond of his pipe and would as soon begin extolling the virtues of Fangorn than give it up." "I made no complaint, Mithrandir," retorted Legolas, a touch haughtily. "And do not forget that Gimli has sworn to visit Fangorn with me, so he may yet discover that there are virtues to be found there. Before long, there may be many Dwarven songs of trees to replace his desire for inhaling plants." The White Wizard gave a great shout of laughter at the thought of Gimli so enraptured by the dark forest he would have been happy to chop down a few weeks ago, that he would willingly discard his pipe and burst into song at the very mention of its name. "That is a charming thought, Thranduillion!" he gasped after recovering his breath. "I wish you good fortune in your task to convert our Dwarven friend from tree-hater to tree-coddler!" Legolas feigned affront, but Gandalf did not miss the twinkle in his eyes. "Gimli does not hate trees. He has merely yet to discover his affinity with them." "Affinity, you say? An interesting choice of words. Tell me, Legolas, where is Gimli at this time? It is most unusual to have the pleasure of your company without also enjoying the pleasure of his." The Prince of Mirkwood was clearly reluctant to confess his friend's whereabouts, but eventually relented with a smile of his own. "As you were not to be found in the hobbits' tent, he remained there with the intention of persuading Aragorn to restock his dwindling supply of leaf!" Wizard and elf laughed together at the enormity of Legolas' task. When they had sufficiently recovered from their amusement, Legolas spoke again. "You were speaking of the Sun, Mithrandir?" "Yes, the Sun." Gandalf took another puff of Old Toby, sobering considerably as he recalled the trials of the two Shirefolk. "This afternoon I sat with Samwise on the hobbits' wagon, and I travelled the road from Parth Galen to the Crack of Doom through his memories. And fell was this road, my friend! Filled with trials and horrors, hunger and treachery, fear and violence! But always there was the warmth of a golden ray of hope on my back, urging me on to the end of the road, ensuring my safety. Even in dreams, Master Gamgee will look to the comfort of his friends, it seems!" He finished his pipe and knocked out the remnants of its leaf, extinguishing the glowing embers. "There are many deeds worthy of a song in Sam's memory, Legolas - and many are the hurts he has gladly endured to aid his friend's journey to that terrible place. Some of which, like Frodo's, may never heal. I will not speak of them all whilst the rest of our Fellowship remains scattered throughout the camp, for we should all be together for that. But there is one deed that I shall tell you of now, for our dear gardener would more than likely dismiss it out of hand, and I believe it deserves more credit than that." Legolas sat at rapt attention, savouring Gandalf's every word. "You will find this tale of particular interest, given that you call Mirkwood your home," offered the Istar tantalisingly. Legolas' eyes widened in curiosity. "Indeed? I am most curious to learn what you mean by that, Mithrandir . " "How long has your home been defiled by the great spiders, young Prince?" Confusion at the apparent irrelevance flitted across the elf's face, followed by anger at the recollection of the foul creatures which infested his cherished forest. "As long as I have lived and breathed - and longer still than that, I fear. For many years we have fought their intrusion in our forest. Their webs choke the trees amidst which they are spun and they feast on any errant traveller - Elf, Man or otherwise - whose heavy misfortune leads them to become trapped in their evil threads. Long have my woodland kin and I hunted these creatures down, but still they blight our lands! I curse them and the evil that spawned them!" "In that case, let me allow you the pleasure of knowing that the evil which spawned them is suffering untold agonies as we speak - if she yet lives at all." Gandalf laughed to see the rapid transformation of the fair elf's mien, which was now lit by a glorious smile. "What do you mean by this?" exclaimed Legolas. "You saw this in Sam's mind? How did he come to see such a thing? How did it come to pass?" His face fell as realisation hit. "Oh, what sorrow to know that their hobbit eyes