Disclaimer: Lord of the Rings is owned by J.R.R. Tolkien, his family, New Line cinema, etc . I have written this short story purely for my own enjoyment. This story is a tie-in to 'Concerning Sam.' Reading that may help to understand this, but is not truly necessary. Much Ado about Mushrooms Chapter 1 Farlibar hummed quietly to himself as he stood before a broad, squat bench in the cooks' tent with his arms up to his elbows in a bucket of soapy water. Another large wooden bucket of warm water was beside it and a stack of fresh towels lay next to that, ready to dry the clean dishes for deposit on the sturdy table nearby where they would be kept for use later that day. Other hobbit cooks and their apprentices milled about cleaning dishes and checking what ingredients were needed for the main meal later that afternoon. It had been a morning of heady excitement with the arrival of the Big Folk on the Shire's borders - Kings and Elves, Lords and Ladies - and the stocky hobbit cook from the Floating Log was surprised to have made it through the day so far without fainting dead away from the anxiety that he would be directly approached by one of the grand company. Although a confident cook, he was an otherwise shy hobbit and didn't know if his poor nerves could take such excitement. He had been reticent to come to the Brandywine Bridge to see so many Big Folk - happy to cook the food instead and send it on its way with the other very willing hobbits - but Mistress Goodenough had insisted that he should get out more and be more sociable-like. So he had, albeit reluctantly, carried the great platters of food to the field with the others in the hope he could blend into the background and not catch the attention of the rather intimidating (if well-dressed) giants currently occupying the field across the river. Fortunately, he had managed to stay out of the way so far, other than delivering the delicious dishes to the long table the King himself would be eating at in the great pavilion which lay just outside the cooks' tent. The King himself ! The sturdy cook shook his dark head in awe. Never in all his life had he thought to be cooking for such a grand and important person! He wouldn't even know how to greet such a one! Was it Your Lordship? Your Kingship? Your Worship? No matter, it wasn't like he'd ever meet him. Farlibar hadn't really believed he existed at all until he showed up on the Brandywine Bridge and bowed at the Mayor of Michel Delving. Bowed at Mayor Sam ! And the Queen and all those other important people doing likewise! What on earth had the Mayor done that a King from a foreign land would come all the way down here just to bow at him? What Great Deed could have inspired such admiration from such a lordly figure? As he washed the never-ending stack of dirty plates he allowed himself to mull over what favour the Mayor could have performed for the King that would have procured such an honourable visit. He wasn't possessed of a particularly vivid imagination (unless it had to do with the preparation of food) so his wonderings were rather limited in their scope to what little he knew of Master Gamgee. Had he helped with planting the Royal Gardens? No, you half-cooked sausage! They'll have plenty of gardeners in their fine city , he admonished himself. It must've been more than that! He knew that Mayor Sam had spent a while outside the Shire in the King's company while on some kind of adventure, something which he'd always found quite odd. The respectable gardener did not strike him as the kind of flighty hobbit that would pack up and leave his homelands on some undercooked notion of exploring the outside world. He couldn't imagine any sensible hobbit that would do anything of the sort. Suddenly, an image of the uppity Master of Buckland flashed through his mind and Farlibar's mouth thinned in annoyance, remembering how the well-dressed hobbit had slighted his fare the previous summer. Whereas he was not one to gainsay his betters and always tried to treat the insufferable Master with respect (hard as that was), the memory of their first encounter was still enough to irk the normally reasonable cook. To make things worse, on the (thankfully) rare occasions he had encountered him since, the young Master had still not shown the proper appreciation for his culinary skills! He'd be exactly the kind of queer person I'd expect to drop everything and leave on some daft journey, he thought rather uncharitably , not our down-to-earth Mayor Gamgee! Still, it could not be denied that the steady, sensible Master of Bag End had 'done a Mad Baggins' and left the borders of the Shire in his youth. And the previous Master of the Hill had gone with him. Farlibar was convinced that Bag End was cursed and hoped he never had reason to put even one hairy foot in it! Why, if he ever did who knew what could happen? If half of what that cheeky Buckland upstart spouted was true, he could be off riding Oliphaunts in the deserts of the Far Eastern Lands Where Night Never Falls before he knew what had happened to him - and all completely against his better judgement! He shuddered at the thought and returned to his contemplation of Mayor Sam's Great Deeds. The most famous gardener in the Shire was also known by some to be a fair cook. He had heard the Thain himself mention it during one of his stop-overs in Frogmorton. Well that's it then! He cooked for him on their travels! Great platefuls of mushrooms, tomatoes, bacon and sizzling fried potatoes! Proper hobbit food, the likes of which he never tasted before. Rinsing a soapy platter in the bucket of warm water, Farlibar felt slightly more satisfied with this answer. He thought it highly plausible that some foreigner had survived on bread and cold meat all their life, waiting for the day a sensible hobbit would come to their rescue and introduce them to the culinary delights of the Shire. It was just the luck of the Mayor that the foreigner he found was a King in disguise! Why, he was probably so grateful to get a proper meal he'd've showered Mayor Sam with gifts and titles! He dried the plate and set it on the table. Farlibar thought back to a few hours previously when the King had first arrived. He was a tall, dark man with regal features and an air of unspoken command. It was clear that all his company had great respect for him. Or maybe it was fear? Probably scared of him because of all that hair sprouting out his face. It's not natural! He dipped another dirty plate in the warm soapy water, scrubbing it to remove all the gravy remnants. For all the man's grandeur he had been very thin, compared to a hobbit. He'd probably sought out Mayor Sam all the way to the Shire to get another decent meal! He'd noticed that the strange foreigners didn't eat nearly a healthy amount of food - why, most of them didn't even take second helpings! Farlibar was scandalised at such a thing. How could they live so long and grow so tall on one serving of food at meal times? Didn't these Big Folk have enough sense to at least feed their King properly? He'd waste away to nothing and then what would they do? Still, he mused, apart from their very odd eating habits, they seemed like a good enough sort of folk - if a bit too grandiose for his comfort. And some of the men as tall as trees! The cook suddenly shivered, feeling a bit ill at the thought of having his head so far away from the ground. That's enough of that Farlibar Barleyburn, he told himself . Your head's exactly where it should be, so just be grateful for it and pay no mind that these Men look like they've been stretched beyond all good reason! Thankful for his own anatomical correctness and relieved at having stumbled over the cause of the King's gratitude, he continued with the repetitive, but surprisingly soothing, task of dip, scrub, rinse and the mountain of dishes began to dwindle as he lost himself to ruminations of over-stretched hobbits with hairless feet and no appetites. So lost was he in thought, that he didn't hear the approach of two hobbits until one of them practically coughed in his ear. With a yelp of surprise he stumbled back from the bucket of soapy water and the plate he held slipped from his wet grasp, bouncing off the packed grassy earth the cooks' tent was pitched on and rolling under the bench. Whirling around, he spied two of the objects of his earlier musings standing in front of him - one of them not entirely welcome. That annoying Brandybuck! And he was not trying very hard to wipe the smirk off his face, although Farlibar reined in his tongue when he saw that the Thain stood by him. The Thain! Of the Shire! Here, in the cooks' tent! Farlibar had a sudden moment of unease. What would bring two such important hobbits (even though one of them was a blight on the landscape) here when there were Lords and Ladies outside waiting to hang off their every word? Was something wrong? He gulped. Had he done something wrong? "Mr Thain, Mr Brandybuck, is everything in order sirs?" The Thain was looking at him in such a solemn manner that Farlibar's unease increased. Had he done something? Had he offended one of the Big Folk perhaps? He wracked his brains trying to think what he may have said or done to cause offence, but found nothing. In fact, he had been so intimidated by the tall people roaming the field outside that he'd only left the cooks' tent to deliver food to the King's table before the Royal Party had been seated and had not encountered anyone other than a few guards. Had he managed to slight one of them? The Thain's green eyes seemed to bore hot holes through his skull and the smirk on the Bucklander's face was not helping matters. Farlibar began to squirm on the spot and finally the head Took spoke. "Are you the cook from the Inn at Frogmorton?" demanded the authoritative voice of the green-eyed Took. "Why, yes sir. Farlibar. Farlibar Barleyburn at your service and your family's," he sputtered nervously. "Hmmph," replied the Thain and Farlibar thought he heard a note of disapproval in the tone. "And are you responsible for the baked mushrooms served to the King's table earlier this afternoon?" The Frogmorton cook was thrown by this. His food? What was wrong with his food? He thought he'd offended one of the Royal Guards, but no! The Thain had found fault with his food. He was honestly puzzled by this. He'd prepared those mushrooms himself only an hour and a half before the Big Folk arrived and he'd stuffed them with cheese, chopped tomato and potato shavings before baking them. They had been soft, juicy and oozing with flavour and he'd topped them off with a sprinkling of black pepper. They were one of his better accompaniments! He raised his head proudly, sure that the Thain could not possibly be here to complain about his superb mushroom dish and said: "That I am Mr Thain, sir. Cooked mostly the meats, certainly, but I couldn't not serve up my best mushroom dish for such a distinguished company." It was amazing how confident he felt in his skill as a cook! Some hobbits found great acclaim