On the Offensive Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners the original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary: Bella Swan has one life mission: to reveal and bring down all corrupt institutions through her investigative journalism. And she's starting with U-Dub's crooked sports teams. But when she is reunited with her ultimate crush and star quarterback, Edward Cullen, snarky and conceited Bella is forced to reevaluate everything she thought she knew about life, love and morals. All human, all original couples. B POV "…And finally, to Bella Swan, the reporter, who cracked the underground system of football players and their illicit grade operation...good job." My editor and boyfriend, Mike Newton, raised his glass of cider (too many faculty advisors in the room to sneak out the real champagne) in a toast. I smiled in satisfaction, raising my glass as well to my significant other and looking over all the other jealous so-called reporters. They smiled in fake contentment but I knew just how jealous and petty they felt. I loved it. When I had started working at The Daily , everyone had been sure that I had gotten a lucky break when I showed up with a story that had gotten six Huskies cheerleaders kicked off the squad and three Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders arrested. Then when my small lull (or as I call it, my vacation) started they assumed it had been my pretty face, the one that Mike was infamous for salivating over, that kept me on the paper. If they only knew. I had spent the next few months of my freshman year, laying low, waiting for the perfect moment to make my opening. Right before finals started, my first official article appeared. It detailed the account of how the basketball coach bet against his own team and guaranteed his winnings by making sure that the team was unprepared and completely wrecked for games. Even to the point of feeding them energy bars that made them gain weight instead of...well whatever it is that energy bars actually do. I think someone saw Mean Girls one too many times. That article was picked up by three papers: Seattle Press, Miami Herald and The Democrat . Good but not great. What I wanted more than anything was for my article to be picked up by the New York Times . This article was going to get it. Gambling coach was lame and inconsequential. A school wide operation that insured the football team's dumbest players were able to make the grade so they could continue to play was gold . While I hadn't been able to get proof that Dean Volturi had been in on it, I just knew in my gut that he was. And my gut didn't lie. Three first string players had already been suspended, pending a case by the school's disciplinary board, after having been named in the article. Those three were the only ones whose names I could confirm but I was sure after a full scale investigation that more would be suspended and once the administration was convinced of what I had told them, they would be expelled. There was nothing that riled me up more than the sports teams getting special treatment at school. It was my life's mission to make sure that the corrupt corporations that bent the rules while regular people got screwed where brought down and this was only the beginning. When I graduated next year, no one was going to be safe. That was the reason that I had chosen U-Dub, I knew from my research that it was one of the most corrupt institutions in the United States. Irony considering the motto of the school, Lux sit , meant 'Let There Be Light.' Either way, corruption meant stories. The articles that I would write here would be sure to get me noticed by the big papers, and hated by all other reporters along the way. I shivered in satisfaction. I loved my life. Well most of it anyway. "Congrats babe." Mike said slithering on over to my side. God, how I wish the cider in my cup was something hard. Mike wrapped an arm around my waist and pressed a soft kiss to my cheek. "This is sure to get picked up once the word gets out. Give it a few hours." He gave me a wink and rubbed his hand in soft circles at my waist. While I had more than enough talent to get by on my own, my fellow colleagues weren't wrong in their assumption that I had used Mike's attraction to my advantage. Mike was a stepping stone to something better but in order to get there, I needed to make sure that he wasn't going to get in my way. This was a simple means to an end. It would've been nice if he had been able to scratch my sexually stimulated itch but no one had before, so I had no choice to do it myself and I had no means to judge Mike with just because he had mundane taste. "Don't worry." I assured him. "I'll stay here as long as it takes to wait for their call." I patted his cheek sharply and turned back to chug down my glass of cider. This call was coming. I knew it. It had to. Five Hours Later... I tapped my desk anxiously angry at the goddamn newspapers and myself. I was so fucking stupid. Of course they wouldn't pick up this stupid article. It was poorly written with horrible vocabulary. I mean I had used the word clandestine . "Who the fuck uses the word clandestine anymore?" I screeched angrily and threw my favorite knick-knack, a Hogwarts sorting hat, across the room. I let out another scream of frustration and couldn't help but let out a tear of anger. Thank God I wasn't in my dorm right now. I don't think I could've handled having my roommate, Alice, seeing my cry. If there was something you could be sure that I hated it was crying, especially if I was the one doing it. Alice would insist on some ritualistic girl friendship ceremony to get over it. I loved Alice but I hated that ridiculous shit. I wiped the tear on my hand, careful not to get it on my practically new sweater dress. I had very few dresses and I didn't normally wear them but today I had felt good about the article and thought wearing the dress would be a good idea. I had killer legs and if people were going to stare at me in jealousy, I was sure as hell going to look good while they did. Bang! Bang! Bang! The noise continued repeating and I realized that someone was slamming against the door. This room was only used by The Daily , therefore most staff reporters and editors got their own desks and computers, the only people who had keys were those who had desks. Whoever was trying to get in here wasn't on staff and definitely didn't have a key. Bang! Bang! Bang! My internal alarms started pounding in my ears, overshadowing the sound of someone trying to break in. My breathing picked up and I tried my best to get it under control. I was a cop's daughter, the Police Chief's daughter for God's sake. Hell, I had a Taser! Bang! Bang! Bang! I quickly grabbed said Taser out of my purse and made my way into a dark corner turning off all the lights that I could. The door finally crashed open, hitting the wall and was subsequently slammed closed. I could hear multiple footsteps, heavy and soft, shuffling across the wooden floorboards. I heard an infectious, booming laugh and a sharp shush. " Shut up! Do you want to get caught?" A girl hissed. "I don't necessarily think this was the best plan of action." I felt myself stifle a gasp, I knew that soft, velvety voice. Edward Cullen. The star quarterback for U-Dub's football team. Meaning that the other two voices were part of his trio, Rosalie Cullen, head cheerleader and his sister, and Emmett McCarthy, the best linebacker in half a century at U-Dub. "Look let's just find her desk and try to find whatever evidence it is that she has before she can turn it over to the school board!" Rosalie snapped at the two boys. One of them turned on a flashlight and I tried to melt into the wall. They fumbled around, looking at each desk, most likely trying to figure out which was mine. "Here!" Emmett cried suddenly and I saw the light flash over in the direction of my desk. Dammit . It wasn't until I heard Rosalie try to yank open my drawers that I couldn't take their prepubescent attempt at sleuthing anymore. I took a deep breath and walked over as stealthily as I could. Once I was right in front of them, I mustered up all the courage that I could. "Can I help you?" I said as snottily as I could. All three of them jumped up in surprise, freezing as if they had seen a ghost. Then again in my dress, shoes and perfectly coiffed hair, they probably had. "Get out of here!" I cried and pointed my Taser at them threateningly. Rosalie and Emmett ran out of the room quickly, dropping the flashlight on the floor but Edward stood rooted to his spot, clutching my purse in his hand. "Let go of my purse. Unless you have some cross dressing tendencies, in which you and I will be having a completely different conversation." I teased and held out my hand. He stepped closer and brought himself into the direct trajectory of the flashlight. He looked up at me, meeting my eyes for the first time in years. My body froze, my skin erupting in goose bumps and electricity coursing through my body. His smell overpowered me as he moved closer. I had always loved the way he smelled, rugged, sharp, fresh; like the meadow I was so found of walking through back home. My breaths stopped as he reached over, placing the purse in my outstretched hand, our fingers brushing briefly, fire starting at his touch. I instinctively coiled back and my purse fell on the floor, the items scattering all over the floor. I had forgotten what it felt like to be around him. What it felt like to touch him, smell him… He made a move to pick the items up but I stopped him quickly. "Leave them, I'll get it later." "Sorry." He mumbled gruffly in a voice that made me tingle, especially at my core. "For the purse or scaring the absolute crap out of me or trying to steal my hard work? Which by the way," I cried as he tried to open his mouth but I continued to cut him off. "Wouldn't have worked anyway since it's all on my computer, which A, you don't have the password to, and B, I have backups for." He stood stunned and seemingly frozen in place. With the light, I could barely make out the clarity of his green eyes but I had seen them before and I knew that it was like looking through a pool with a deep green tint that faded into slight amber flecks in the center. I knew how treacherous it was to lie to those eyes. "So I ask again, which are you sorry for?" I snapped, impressed by my ability to swoon and regret while still whip out retorts at the same time. "Hey! You know, you started this!" He spat like a small child throwing a tantrum with poor evidence to his cause. "If you hadn't had written