- Gift Giving Gala: For Raven (Raven of the Shadows) / Prompts: Luna/Draco, Post-War, no Rolf - Jewel Day Challenge: Agate Necklace - Write a Light/Dark!AU - 2017 Drabbles: Cobweb Pairings/Characters: Luna/Draco Word Count: 4,927 Draco took a drag on the cigarette he was pinching between his fingers as he stared into the jagged mouth of a cave. It had taken him weeks to find the location of the dark wizard that had been terrorizing Britain since 2007, but he had finally honed in on a possible base location. More importantly than anything, Harry Potter was finally going to get off his back. Having the chosen one as his boss in the Auror office had its perks, but mostly his presence just irritated Draco. He had wanted to steer as far away from this mission as possible — the new terror just reminded him far too much of the Dark Lord — but Harry had insisted he lead the mission. ' After all, you have expert experience in being on the wrong side of the war.' Draco snarled to himself as he remembered Harry's words all those years ago. He had been joking — Draco could tell by the way his eyes glittered and his lips curled upwards. But Draco didn't have as light a sense of humour as Harry did. Of course, his pride meant that he had to take the mission. There was no way he could turn this one down, especially not when he had previously been on the wrong side of the war. A cold wind whistled through the entrance to the cave, and Draco wished he had thought to bring backup. He hadn't really expected to land a lead while he was travelling alone. Any thoughts of turning around and returning with more wizards were quelled when he stepped into the opening of the cave: he could sense the heavy wards that surrounded it. Clearly, Draco had stumbled through the wards on a whim. It might prove impossible to find the cave again. He braced himself with his wand and started the tentative venture into the cave. The daylight closed behind him almost immediately, blanketing him in darkness. Cursing under his breath, he silently cast a muffling spell on his feet, and waded through the puddles that littered the rocky ground. Before long, the water below him grew thicker, and the stones and twigs that he stepped on broke and snapped easily beneath his feet. Swallowing uneasily, he realised that he was wading through the blood and bones of many small animals. Finally, he came to a large clearing within the cave. There was a slash in the roof of the cave, and a shard of light shone through, illuminating the clearing. A single, enormous chair sat in the centre of the clearing, crafted from a pale, creamy stone. When Draco squinted his eyes, he realised that the throne was actually made from hundreds of skulls and bones. A woman sat naked atop the throne. She was crouched in an almost feral position, with her knees up by her face. She was obscenely thin; her ribs jutted through her almost translucent skin and her elbows were sharp. The shadow cast by the high back of the throne she sat on shrouded her face, but her tresses of silvery hair fell over her shoulders and breasts, seeming to glitter in the light. Draco brushed a cobweb out of his face and held his wand aloft, hoping that the dark wizard wasn't around his prisoner. He hoped to make a quick rescue and return to the Ministry as soon as she was safe— "—come out, Draco." The voice was soft and strangely familiar. It seemed to bounce off every corner of the cave. He stared ahead at the woman on the throne, who remained unmoving. The only reason Draco didn't mistake her for a statue was for the rise and fall of her chest. Gathering his courage, Draco stepped forwards into the clearing and advanced upon the stranger. "Don't worry," he murmured in what he hoped was a soothing tone. "You're safe now. I'm going to take you back to London and—" The woman held up her hand dismissively, and Draco suddenly felt as though he was choking on his tongue. He spluttered and coughed, dropping his wand and falling to his knees, clutching his throat. When she dropped her hand, air flooded back into his lungs — but his wand was gone. "You?" he gasped in an incredulous tone, staring up at the woman whose face he still couldn't see. "But you're — you're just a girl!" "Girl," repeated the woman softly. She stood up from her throne and stepped into the light, advancing upon Draco. He shuffled backwards on his behind, feeling around desperately for his wand. "Don't you recognise me, Draco?" He saw wide, silver eyes, and was reminded suddenly of a girl from a long time ago. A girl with dirty-blonde hair, radishes in her ears and a string of Butterbeer corks around her neck. A girl who wore high-tops with vibrant laces instead of regulation school shoes. A girl who ate pudding for breakfast, lunch and dinner. He could hardly believe that this was the same girl. The silver eyes were no longer vacant and mystical, but manic and full of hatred. Her hair was almost white, and she wore no quirky jewellery. In fact, she wore nothing at all, and seemed less than bothered that she had been disturbed whilst nude. "Lovegood," Draco panted, gazing up at her. "Luna. Luna Lovegood." The shadow of a smile crossed her hollow face. "I haven't been called that in a long time." She lifted her hand again, pointing a long finger at Draco. Her sharp nails were an inch long and embedded with dirt and gunk. "Draco Malfoy," she murmured, her lips barely moving. "Time to die." "Wait," Draco gasped. "Why? Just tell me why?" Luna snatched back her finger. "Revenge," she whispered, and a single tear made a steady track down her dirty cheek. "For what happened to my father." As Luna looked up at the crack in the roof of the cave, Draco dug his hand into the back pocket of his jeans. He kept a weapon back there that he never wanted to use, but Harry had insisted he learned how to use one in case his wand was compromised. 'Like now,' he thought urgently, and yanked the small glock out of his pocket. While Luna's vision was averted, he pointed the gun at her right shoulder and fired. oOo Draco wanted to go straight to the Ministry with the girl, he really did. But as he hauled the grubby, naked form onto his shoulder, he was reminded of how he had willingly allowed her to be locked in his basement and tortured by his superiors, so many years ago. Unfortunately, he owed her one. Grumbling to himself, he gently laid Luna Lovegood down on the cold stone floor of that same basement, and set to magically healing the bullet wound on her shoulder. He carefully eased a heavy dose of Calming Drought into her slack mouth, and clothed her in one of his mother's old dresses that he found in a closet upstairs. Feeling much more comfortable now that Luna was dressed, healed and asleep, Draco performed every protective ward on the basement that he knew, and fastened a set of heavy silver shackles to her wrists. He hadn't really wanted to use them. They were a dark artefact that Bellatrix Lestrange had brought into the manor when they kidnapped the goblin. But Luna was clearly riddled with dark magic now, and Draco had seen just how easily she could perform wandless magic. If he didn't take the necessary precautions, he might wind up dead. When Luna was safely locked in the basement, Draco sat down at the dining table and wrote a quick letter to Harry. Cave was full of evidence but empty. No witch or wizard found on the premises. I was spliced upon return. It is necessary for me to take time off this mission to recover from my injuries. -D An owl returned with Draco's response within the hour. Thank you for your efforts. A squad will be sent to the cave to recover any evidence. You are granted five days of sickness leave. Faithfully, Harry Draco stared at the door to the basement once he had read the letter. Five days. He had five days to find out what on earth had happened to Luna. oOo Draco had the house elves prepare Luna a simple bowl of porridge oats and a jug of coffee, and leave the tray by the door. He knew Luna had an affinity for magical creatures, and he didn't trust that she wouldn't manage to somehow twist their little minds against him. He collected the tray and advanced down into the basement, closing and locking the door sharply behind him. "Stand at the back of the room where I can see you," he ordered into the dark room. He remained on the stairwell for a few moments, where he knew the wards still protected him. Luna rushed in front of the staircase suddenly, looking just as wild as she did yesterday. However, there was something a little more comical to her appearance now. The grey dress she wore was too big, making her look even more childlike than normal. "Do you want to eat?" Draco asked. "Stand back!" Slowly, Luna backed up against the wall, her silvery eyes glowing through the shadows. Draco slid the tray into the basement first, and removed his wand from his pocket. Holding it in front of him dangerously, he entered the basement. Almost immediately, Luna let out a guttural, animalistic shriek. She ran towards Draco, with her eyes wide and insane, and her lips pulled back in a snarl. Draco remained where he stood. As soon as Luna was less than an inch away from his face, the shackles around her wrists yanked her to the ground. She screamed out in pain, and blood trickled down her wrists. Draco knelt beside her and tapped one of the cold metal binds. "Every time you try to attack the owner of these shackles, a three inch spike will perforate your wrists. You have six spikes in each shackle. The final spike will sever your Ulnar artery, and you will slowly bleed out." A strange sound, similar to a laugh, escaped Luna's lips. "Draco Malfoy," she murmured. "Using dark objects once again." Draco pulled Luna into a sitting position. "Only for truly dark creatures," he replied quietly, and nudged the tray towards Luna with his foot. "Now, eat. We have a lot of work to do." Luna ignored the spoon that was placed beside the bowl, choosing instead to plunge her face into the bowl of hot oatmeal. She slurped up the porridge greedily, and stared at the jug of coffee when she was finished. Draco wiped her face with a towel, before pouring a cup of coffee and holding the scalding liquid to her lips. She drank gratefully, never averting her eyes from his. "Why have you not turned me over to the authorities?" she demanded to know, once she had had her fill of coffee. Draco sat on a stool in the corner of the basement. "There was a time when you were locked in this basement when you were innocent," Draco murmured. "Also, it would break Harry's heart if he knew that you were the one causing havoc across Britain. Not to mention Ginny, Neville, Hermione…all of your friends." "I have no friends," she spat. "No friends came to my aid when I needed them." Draco put his elbows on his knees and leaned forwards. "Tell me what happened. To you; to your father." oOo It was 2005 when Xenophilius Lovegood was arrested on suspicion of crimes in relation to Voldemort's reign of terror. Long