Just an idea I had! :) This is my first PJO and Kickin' it crossover. And I know that this is a crossover and that it is in the PJO archive, but I have the same story in the crossover section, and not a lot of people follow that section, so I decided to put it in here as well! :) I know that this is a lot like the DC TV show Arrow. And trust me, I would know since it's my favourite show. And I am going to put Arrow in my disclaimer. So please, hold the comments that state I copied the show because I know that I have taken parts of the show. Disclaimer: I do not own Kickin' it, PJO or Arrow! (Even though it is not in this story.) Percy's POV I stared at my surroundings as I got out of the taxi that was parked outside an apartment building in New York. Wow, I thought. So much has changed since I was last here. I reached the boot of the car just as the driver had lugged my bags out and plopped it on the ground. "Mate," he started breathlessly. "What's in this thing?" He said pointing at the heavier bag. The corner of my mouth twitched up. "I'm sorry sir, but I don't think that that is any of your business. Correct me if I'm wrong?" I said innocently, hoping that the driver took it nicely. Luckily, the driver let out a small chuckle. "Fair enough." I smiled genuinely as I picked up one of my duffle bags and threw it over my shoulder, resting it there. I reached into my pocket with my free hand and pulled out one 20 dollar note and a 10, making up the total of $26.50 with a tip of $3.50. "Keep the change," I insisted as I handed him the money before picking up the second bag. The driver smiled as he thanked me and hopped back in the car. I took a step back as the car sped off to who knows where. Once the car was out of sight, I turned around to come face to face with an apartment complex. It looked to be about 14, 15 floors high, with possible underground parking. It looked to be about 4, maybe 5 years old. So fairly new. My eyes scaled the building as I continued my observation. My eyes narrowed as they came across a weird thing hanging off the side of the building, but let out a sigh once I saw that it was just someone cleaning the windows. I finally started my way to the front doors of the building. ~0~0~0~ The dude at the desk looked like he just saw a puppy get kicked. I walked up to him slowly as I took in what the building looked like from the inside. There was some nice couches and tables in what looked like a waiting area and there seemed to be a coffee machine sitting on the table. The walls were a light grey with multicoloured tiles as the floor. I unconsciously rubbed my shoe against the floor while I walked to see if it was slippery or not. I was able to move my foot freely across the floor, but not so much so I could slip. When I looked back up, I noticed the man give me a funny look. I mentally kicked myself as I knew that little inspection would've looked weird coming from a normal, every day 18 year old boy. I mentally scoffed. If only he knew the reason why... Once I reached the desk, the man glared at me like I had just started World War Three. "Name," he finally said as he looked back down at his computer. "Percy Jackson," I answered simply. I saw the man start to type. P, e, r, c... Then he stopped all of a sudden. He slowly looked up to meet my eyes, the look of sadness now completely gone from his face. "Wait. Percy Jackson? As in the boy who went missing at the age of 14? The one that was then found on a small island just off the coast of Russia?" He queried, slightly astounded. I nodded my head slightly as my face hardened, my mental mask going back up. Great, I thought. They know me here as well. "If you don't mind, but I prefer to not speak of that time." I stated simply, with a slight edge to my voice that said that this was not up for discussion. He seemed shocked for a second at my reaction, but then pity took over his face as he looked back down at his computer as he continued to type the rest of my name. I slightly clenched my teeth as I saw the pity on his face. That was one of the reasons I left Seaford. To get away from the looks of pity on people's faces I pass on the street. I don't need anyones pity and I defiantly don't want it. I was only home for two days before I decided to head back to my old city which I was in when I was taken. But even though the looks of pity played a part in my decision to leave, the main reason was something far more important... "Room 1357, 13th floor Mr Jackson," the man's voice brought me out of my thoughts as I saw him holding out his hand that contained a key card. I put one of my bags on the ground as I took the card gratefully. I then proceeded to pick up the bag as I said my thanks. He gave me one last pitying look as I started my way towards the stairs. I clenched my teeth a bit tighter before I calmed myself as I did not want to look to tense as it would look weird. I could also tell that he would be sending a questioning look my way as he noticed that I was heading in the opposite direction of the elevator, but instead was now lightly kicking open the door to the stairway. I preferred to get as much cardio done as possible. I had to stay in shape if what I was going to do was to succeed. And my... Hideout... was a good 10 minute walk, and an even shorter run thanks to my fitness. But of course, no one could know my true ability. Even when I go to school, when I'm out in public, even just in the lobby of my apartment building. No one can know, especially after I make my first appearance to the public behind the mask... ~0~0~0~ The world is a blur as the black bag that once covered my head is ripped off. Once my eyes eventually re-focus, I am able to take in my surroundings. I'm in what looks like a cabin, sitting on a chair with my hands tied behind my back. I'm facing a small kitchen and table that has food and rubbish scattered all over it. I can feel my back heat up and realised that there is probably a fire lit behind me. My eyes continue to fly around the room as I get more and more scared and nervous about where I am and why I am here. Then all of a sudden I hear a door open then slam shut. My head whips around to see a man about 6.2 walk in. He has on black military boots and dark cargo pants. He has on a long black coat and is wearing a wide brimmed hat that I can see a bit of blond hair poking out from underneath. "I see your awake, Percy Jackson," he stated with a slight smirk that sent a shiver up my spine. "H-how do you k-know my n-name?" I stuttered as I felt my eyes glaze over from the forming tears. The man chuckled. "Do you really think I would kidnap someone who I didn't even know the name of?" He questioned, but with no intention of receiving an answer. "What do you want?" I queried with as much confidence as I could muster, which wasn't very much. "What I want is money!" He exclaimed. "I want fame, fortune! I want it all! And with your help, I am going to get that." My mind immediately supplied the fact that he kidnapped me for money. He wanted to demand a ransom from my (filthy rich) parents. "I know what must be going through your little 14 year old brain," the man said, breaking me from my thoughts. "No I did not kidnap you for a ransom, but I did kidnap you because of your wealth." He said cryptically as he walked slowly around me. "T-then why would y-you kidnap me but n-not w-want money?" I questioned, all my previous confidence gone. Then, all of a sudden, he slammed his hands down on the arm rests scaring the crap out of me and was just inches away from my face. "Since I was a kid, all the rich kids would tease and bully me because of my little amount of wealth. They would brag about their riches. Now, that's all gonna change," he had now taken his hands off of the arm rests and continued walking around me. Once he had done a full circle, he had noticed the confused expression on my face. "Don't worry kid. There's always a chance that you'll be the one to survive." He added with a mischievous smirk. But before I could question further, he had his men, (who I now realised had been standing guard by the door, guns in their hands) chuck the bag back on my head, then I felt a solid object come in contact with the back of my head, then all went dark, but not before I heard one last statement. "Welcome to Russia kid." ~0~0~0~ The apartment was a reasonable size. As soon as you walked in, the living room was on your left, the kitchen on your right, then a hallway leading to three doors (which I'm guessing contained the bedroom, bathroom, and laundry) right in front of me. The living room contained a brown leather three seater couch, a similar texture Lazyboy (which I will not be getting out of), a 40 inch flatscreen TV and a coffee table in between the table and the big couch. Now, I know what your probably thinking. 'Flatscreen TV? Lazyboy? How on earth can a 18 year-old boy like you afford that?'. Well, I can't. But my filthy rich parents can. With my Mum being the Mayor of Seaford and my Dad owing the biggest and most successful cruise ship franchise in the world, you kinda get sick of seeing green. My parents weren't to happy about me leaving, but when I promised that they could pay my expenses for the first month, they reluctantly agreed. You see, I'm a very independent person who doesn't like relying on other people for anything, so giving my parents that, was very hard for me. I dropped my bags as I ran my hand over the couch. I lifted my hand and looked at it, surprised to see that there was no dust. Looks like my parents tipped the cleaning boy pretty well. The kitchen was really nice, but I had to move the knives so they were in a more accessible position for me to get one quickly. Ya know, just in case. I was right, the three rooms at the end of the hallway consisted of a well-sized bedroom, clean bathroom, and functioning laundry. After I had inspected those rooms, I went back round the apartment, doing a more thorough check. Once I had finished and found nothing wrong, I went back to the living room to get my bags before proceeding to take them to my