Summary: Lucius Malfoy finds a way to put the Patriarch of House Gresham, his family's long-time competitor, in his debt. The great houses of the land are divided in a struggle for power, but Lucius will mercilessly bend this advantage to his benefit in the form of entry to The Guild to train his son, and the scion of House Nott, Theo. Thus tipping the balance in the favor of House Malfoy. Universe: Almost completely AU. Lots of the original characters, and the tone of the conflict is the same, but tons of things aren't the same here. Medieval-Era: all people are wizards, warlocks, mages, witches, etc. There are common-folk magical people, and wealthy wizarding families. Schooling is more of a "privilege" than it is an entitlement and is done with private tutors and by way of the family's teachings, depending on your family. There will be more on this in the story. Hermione's family name has been changed to Gresham, and there are more OC characters included. Because I can. Rating: M. Not for children or people easily offended. Themes will include, but not exclude ANYTHING. This includes brutality and implied (off screen) non-con. (MAYBE: I NEED TO GET INTO FUTURE CHAPS TO DECIDE FOR SURE). There will be lots of sex things: het-con, self-gratification, fantasies, some BDSM. I don't even know where my devious mind might take this, but it might not always be totally wholesome. JUST SO YOU KNOW NOW. Maybe I'll even throw a wrench in everything and go totally dry on the bodice-ripping. HAHA! (ok, I doubt that). Suffice to say this is an adult-themed story. Swearing, deception, everything exciting in a book. If you still live at home and are young enough that you need to ask your parents permissions; please read this and realize that it probably wasn't meant for your age group. I cannot control what young people get up to on the interwebs, but please understand I am not posting this to ruin innocents or childhoods, or whatever. On that note, however, I have not written fantasy in 20 years. I would like actual feedback on this work. I'd like to make it great for everyone reading! Authors Note: I do not own the characters, or the original personalities behind them. JKR has that privilege. I wrote this original story line with all of my own OCs that had nothing to do with HP in any fashion. However, after years of this story sitting on a shelf, I dusted it off and started revisions, as well as subbing out these characters with HP ones. So as a result, people like Loren and Ursa are original to my story line and are in no way related to the HP people. So yes; Ursa is named for a constellation. But she's not a Black. I was just too lazy and set in my mind to change her name. I inserted the Malfoys and other HP families in places where there were originally my own characters in this story. Maybe someday I'll just post the original and people can decide which one they like better. But, for now, I really hope someone in this vast interweb enjoys reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it. Because I love me some good old fashioned D&D, and I LOVE me some HP as well. Enjoy! …... Chapter 1 The summer days were almost over in the Reach, but the sun remained determined and bright as it cast its rays through the leaves that danced along the branches among the soft breezes and sunshine. It was a time that was fairly pleasant to simply wander the upper skyways of the keep, or find oneself walking toward the yard as the heat of the day crept ever upward. Such time was precious for the Lady of House Gresham, but she savored it whenever she could; between raising two children, maintaining the household and securing time alone with her Lord and husband, Ursa Gresham never missed an opportunity to savor the good weather when it was present. The mountains surrounding Gresham Keep stretched high into the sky with sudden and jagged peaks that dwarfed the castle in their center. Protected by miles and miles of winding mountains in either direction, the sky above was perfectly blue in this early evening. Ursa smiled and closed her book on her lap, closing her eyes and savoring the warmth around her. It had been a perfect summer already, and she felt her contentment humming along her bones as her magic rippled along joyously. Her resplendent moment was interrupted as the sounds of nickering horse soared up from the courtyard below her. The familiar sound of her husband's mount as he brought him to halt and dismount. Ursa frowned a little and opened her eyes to confirm for herself what she heard; there below her was the dark hair and eyes of her Lord and husband, Loren Gresham. His horse was coated with sweat that glistened against his chestnut coat. He had rode his horse hard and fast to reach the Keep. Harder than he should have , she thought to herself. His attendants bringing up the afters of his procession were similarly put out of place. Her chin tilted to one side as she took in the character of his face; he frowned darkly, his eyes looked full of storms and rage and his brows were pulled down fiercely over them. She placed her book to the table next to her and rose without waving or calling out to attract Lord Gresham's attentions. Ursa simply swept up her gowns and walked herself decidedly towards the doors to their rooms, and out of their chambers. From the chambers high in the Keep, she made haste to descend the steps and walks through their home to intercept her husband deeper inside the walls of their home. Sounds of household staff and various staff were being bidden away as she understood that Loren to be bidding them out of his company. She quickened her feet as she approached the double doors of Loren's private study to find that the doors were parted, if only slightly. This was Loren's way of permitting her entry inside. There was an unspoken language about her Lord that had taken only the first year of their marriage to commit to memory, and she knew this to mean her Lord and husband wished her with him. Loren had been away a number of weeks already, and Ursa could feel her heart begin to beat wildly at the knowledge that she would be able to feel the warmth of his arms around her again. His hands and breath filled with the fire of his love for his wife. It felt like too long a time to be apart from him, and her heart ached to fall back into closeness with him once again. While being apart for several weeks was not unusual, it was frequent that Ursa would join him on his travels. Loren took great pride in his wife; she was not only a great beauty, but she had an exceptional aptitude. The eldest of the siblings of House Allerton, her family had instilled in Ursa a great love of knowledge and learning. House Allerton itself had, on countless occasion, produced some of the greatest scholars the lands had known. Brilliant and agile minds, which Loren prized greatly in his beloved wife. Along with her relentless nature, he never ceased to find himself in utter enjoyment with her presence. But more than that; he loved her greatly for it. He valued her mind above all others. Unlike many houses, their marriage have never been one brought forth for any conveniences. Loren had, at his earliest opportunity, pursued Ursa and done so without relent. Much to her clandestine pleasure. While she never gave him any direct affirmation that she desired his pursuit, she very stealthily cast him the errant and well-aimed veiled smile when he was near her. Such subtly was one of the only things she was allowed in the presence of any suitor, and she used this to every advantage to convey to him her encouragement of his interests. Stolen glances and smiles turned to blushes and passing grazes of fingers in secrecy. Those in turn became tactile diversions of chaperones as they lingered together around turns in passageways and dark corners to exchange meaningful glances, and feathery touches on cheeks. The light brushing of lips in darkened alcoves that lasted fleeting moments as they absconded as quickly as they arrived. Such was the little game they created together as Loren bent his father's ear to allow him to consider a suit for Ursa's hand. Much to Loren's absolute delight, House Allerton acquiesced to the suit without hesitation. A longtime ally of House Gresham, there was little apprehension between houses to overcome in the pursuit. Terms were drawn and executed, and a marriage was accorded easily. The anticipation that Ursa felt, and has always felt when the blaze of Loren's eyes was on her was no more lessened by the years of their marriage than it had been when they were young, and he courted her. Oh, how he loathed the traditions and stifling requirements of a courtly pursuit of her. To desire her so greatly and yet be allowed not more than the kissing of her fingers, or the touch of her wrist in his hand caused him many nights of torment. The way she partially veiled her bronze orbs to him with a slight smile to entreat him to her heart. It drove him positively mad. On the surface they parlayed in polite exchanges and discussions, but beneath the surface, underneath the little bows and curtseys, his desire for Ursa was nothing short of ungentlemanly. Ursa swept a final corner to the large double doors of Loren's personal study. Her eyes alighted to the sight of her husband's back, and she realized immediately that something was not right in this picture; Loren never faced away from her when he returned to their House. He always faced in wait for Ursa to join him, no matter what outcomes they were to reveal to each other, no matter how long they had spent apart. Wordlessly she swept into the room, and closed the doors behind her. Without so much as a glance Loren spoke to her in a dull and unmoved tone; "Silence, and lock them." Ursa did as she was asked and cast the appropriate number of silencing and locking charms that would prove to Loren that whatever was spoken behind these doors, it would ensure all necessary secrecy. She approached her husband slowly, bringing herself to his side behind a sitting chair in front of the hearth within the room and looked to his face. His normally warm pallor seemed practically ashen and dull. His eyes open, but as if they weren't really seeing what was before him. Feeling the nerves tighten in her midsection, she placed her hands at the top of the wooden chair she stood behind, not more than an arms distance from her husband. He said nothing, gave no indication that he was even aware anymore that she stood just a small space away from him. The tone of their normal greetings to each other not even lingering on their own tongues. The tension in this room gave Ursa a deepening sense of unease, but she was reticent to break the silence right away. She knew Loren better than any other could ever claim, and his composure was one that was best served in coming to her and not the opposite. The silence had begun to feel like an eternity by the time Loren took a noisy breath in and let it back out again. Risking breaking his reverie, Ursa let a hand move out to him, to touch his right arm as she stood in her silence to respect the temper of