Author's Note: So I noticed there are not a lot of Renesmee's twin fanfiction, and even fewer that are good, finished, or even realistic. I see so many where the Cullens and Renesmee are just awful to her sister for no reason. It's okay, but I doubt that would happen. I think the Cullens would be neglectful at worst. Anyways, I wanted to tell a similar story, where Renesmee still get's more attention, and the sister is in the background, but also with staying pretty loyal to the Cullens' personality. I mean, Bella and Edward suddenly abusing the sister just because she was unexpected? Unlikely. I decided to write the sister as having depression. People with depression don't always realize or feel that they are loved as much as they actually are. I don't know if anyone else noticed, but in the book, Bella showed a lot of symptoms of this. In New Moon she definitely went off the wagon, but in the other books the signs are there too. Her sense of low self-worth, the way she isolated and pushed away those who cared because she didn't feel she deserved it, her spiral in New Moon? All of it points to depression. That, and Edward had it too, no doubt about that. So I figured it wouldn't be stretch for one of the girls to inherit it, and who better than the 'baby' sister who is naturally introverted, and isn't paid as much attention due to her bigger 'perfect' sister who has a loud personality. It happens in the best of families. More attention is often given to the child who is loud and 'in your face', the kind you can't ignore, as opposed to the other child who is quiet and well behaved. It doesn't mean they are any less loved, it just happens. But to the child being ignored, it doesn't feel that way, especially one suffering from such depression. In case you haven't figured it out yet here it is: Yes, the Cullens do love her. If you're looking for Cullen bashing, I suggest you leave. If you're looking for the abuse of a child, more than minor neglectfulness, then LEAVE. Otherwise, enjoy. Please Read and Review. I am eager to hear your thoughts. My first memory was of my father's face, covered in blood, staring down at me with shock. Later I discovered the reason to be that there was two of us, twins. They had prepared for one, Renesmee, but not me. I think this fact was what set the tone for the rest of my life. The next was a blur of faces as my father passed me off to someone else. Something I would forever secretly resent was the fact that I never got to see my mother before the change. Ren was always willing to show me, but it didn't make it sting any less (I wasn't always able to say her full name, and I refused to use that awful nick name, 'Nessie.' I would always consider Jake an ass for calling her that.) . ' She got to be held by her first, loved by her first, and I wasn't even held by my own father for 10 seconds before he gave me away' , I couldn't help but think bitterly. My parents weren't even the ones to name me. Aunt Rosalie did. I felt sad. I wanted to be held by the warm voice that was our shelter until a few hours ago. I knew my sister did too, but seeing as she already had a chance in her arms, she was a bit more content to wait in the arms of our aunts and uncles. A whimper escaped my throat. Instantly cold arms reached out to pick me up. Long blonde curls and loving gold eyes filled my vision. "Shush, it's okay, don't be upset sweetie." She gently rocked me. I quieted. A few minutes passed, her gently rocking and soft humming soothing my anxiety. "Rosalie, has Edward come downstairs yet?" She shook her head. The voice sighed. 'Edward?' I wondered who that was. She spoke softly, "You should try to convince him to see the girls Carlisle. They need their father." I didn't hear a response. "Don't worry little one, your father loves you both, he just needs to stay by Bella right now." She was silent for a moment. "I think you need a name, you can't just be nameless for the next three days. Since Bella can't and Edward won't, I'll just do it myself." 'Bella…She must be THE voice. My mother.' My heart warmed at the thought. Aunt Rosalie considered me, staring thoughtfully down at me. "Those green eyes of yours remind me of my mother, intense and beautiful. I suppose you inherited the innocent 'doe-like' quality from your mother." A gentle hand brushed against my side, making me giggle. Her face lit up at the sound. "Her name was Nicole, though my father always called her Nicki. She never did let anyone else get away with that. Just him." An indecipherable emotion covered her face. After a moment she whispered, "Hmm…Nicki. Yes, I think that name is perfect." I loved it. Finally I had been named. My entire being now had an identity, something that made me…real. Like I actually mattered enough to be worthy of a name. I wasn't a nameless child, unexpected and…more than likely….unwanted. It has been 6 years since then. Not much has changed. My mother awoke three days after, and sought out Renesmee. Another factor that foreshadowed my place in my family's lives. I don't really blame her though. She had only known about her when she lost consciousness. There she was. My cocoon, my mother. She was so beautiful. From the pallor of her flawless skin to her soft red eyes. Most would be frightened by them, but not me. I didn't know what they really meant, only that she had them, so they were beautiful. I was so awed by her very presence I hadn't uttered a single sound at the sight of her. Her gentle eyes moved toward Ren. She gasped. "Has it only been three days?" Father murmured something in her ear. I watched as she stared at Ren in amazement. My chest hurt slightly. Why didn't she look at me? Was something wrong with me? Did she not love me? I instinctively leaned closer to Uncle Emmett, attempting to get rid of the rejection I felt. Mother, unknowing of my presence, took a step forward. The room sprang into action immediately, with everyone but Aunt Rosalie and Aunt Alice moving toward mother with speed that my eyes couldn't quite keep up with. Uncle Emmett, who was previously holding me, handed me to Ren's wolf, who refused to move from my sister. He pulled me against his way to hot chest, causing me to squirm and glare at him. I was going to bite him, until I felt Ren lightly touch my hand. Her meaning was clear. 'Please be nice, I like Jacob, and pay attention! Mommy's here.' I pulled at her hand. What's a Mommy? Ren scrunched her nose, then explained. 'Mommy is Mother.' Oh. Aunt Alice simply rolled her eyes at them. I was confused. Mommy wouldn't hurt us. So why did everyone act like she would? However, my focus was brought back to Mommy as I heard her gasp once more. I looked back in time to meet her gaze. All the hurt I felt before melted away as she kept her eyes on me. I felt warm inside. For a brief moment, I wondered what this new feeling was. It felt so good. " Happy." My eyes snapped to Father's. His ember eyes looked at me with the same look I had seem in Aunt Rosalie and Uncle Emmett's eyes. Only, it was so much more. I liked it. I felt so safe, like I was cared for and wanted when people looked at me like that. Like the way they look at Ren. I tilted my head. What? He smiled at me. "You feel happy sweetheart. That's what that feeling is." Happy? I was happy. His smile grew. I suddenly realized that everyone was looking at me. Aunt Rosalie looked at me with that look that she has always looked at me with, Uncle Emmett was grinning, and Grandma and Grandpa's were staring with soft, caring eyes. Aunt Alice squealed and cooed at me, while Uncle Jasper gave me a little smile and nod. And Mommy stared at me the way she was looking at Ren, only with wider eyes. The attention was too much, so I blushed and ducked my head against wolf boy's shoulder. All around me were chuckles and awing, which only grew as I felt Ren check on me with concern. I kept my head down until I felt cool hands touch me. Face still partially hidden, I peaked at who it was. Him. My Father. He gently lifted me into his arms and held me close. "Hello Nicki. I'm your Daddy." Daddy? I have a Daddy. My heartbeat raced. I couldn't look away from his face for a moment. Something inside me shifted. I had always wanted to be held by Mommy. I wanted it from the moment I realized what she was. But it wasn't until that second that I remembered that Father hadn't held me for long. Only long enough to pass me on. Having him hold me, seeing that look on his face, filled me with such warmth. I was wanted. Father's face suddenly changed, his smile fading and eyes losing that happy shine. He pulled me closer, seemingly sad. At the time I didn't understand that he was responding to my rather depressing thoughts. I didn't understand the guilt he felt. I only knew that I had suddenly made him sad, which hurt. What did I do wrong? " Nothing sweetheart. You haven't done a thing. I'm just being silly right now. We love you, both your Mommy and I." He placed a kiss on my head. I giggled. At that time Mommy growled. She sounded mad. I turned my head to look, and saw her glaring at the wolf boy. Mommy was trying to hold Ren, and wolf boy wasn't letting her. I glared too. Was he stupid? Ren wanted our Mommy! Not him! Grandma grabbed Ren and took her out of the room. Then Father handed me to Aunt Rosalie, who followed her. No! I wanted to meet Mommy! Why didn't she hold me? I wanted her love. Wolf boy wouldn't try to stop her from holding me, hold me! Mommy, look at me. The last few moments of my first meeting with Mommy and Father ended with like that, me trying desperately to get her to see me, and Mommy staring straight ahead, too angry to glance back at the child behind silently begging for her. And Father walking with her, a sad glance over his shoulder at me. ...I would like to say that my family does love me. They do. I just think that they pay Renesmee more attention than they do me. I could understand. Renesmee had this sort of aura around her. She was so perfect, and beautiful and charming. Being near her makes you want to smile. I never resented her for that though, she wasn't trying to take the attention off me. Actually, Renesmee is a really great sister. Whenever she sees me being left out or my feelings hurt, she'll go above and beyond to ensure I'm included or make me happy again. She is the one I turn to when I have no one else. But sometimes there is nothing she can do. I could never tell my parents how I feel because it would rack them with guilt, and I didn't want to sound like a selfish brat. I can't help but think it's also partly my