A longish one shot of another one of those ideas that just would not leave me alone. It is my own homage to a great story that I read recently called 'The Blackest of Souls' by FateRogue and the places that it took me to. Particularly in the first few chapters. If you hadn't guessed from the summary this story is going to be considerably darker than my usual fare. Not much in the way of fluff and fun here I'm afraid as this is from that deep, dark place at the depressive end of my mind which makes, thankfully, infrequent appearances. Some major bashing of the 'light' characters including quite a few of everybodys fanfic favourites going on here so don't be expecting a happy ending for everyone. Or anyone much for that matter. Only my second foray into the minefield that is 'first person' perspective so please forgive any rookie errors that I may make along the way. Do I really need to say that this will be massively AU and OOC. . I'm not JKR and I don't make any money from this. Which is a bit of a shame. DtR xx. . ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) . The Ghost of Azkaban. . March the Twelfth, Nineteen Ninety Four. That's the day my life ended. What happened in the graveyard that Cedric and I were transported to at the end of the third task of the Tri-Wizard Tournament was bad enough, but how people reacted when I reappeared with his lifeless body in my arms was worse. The accusations and incriminations that came my way had me so stunned that I barely managed to get two words out before I was dragged off to a Ministry holding cell. They didn't heal my wounds before they started my 'interrogation'. In fact, the Minister and his attack dogs of the Auror division seemed to take some perverse pleasure in seeing my body shaking and twitching with the after effects of the cruciatus with which I had been repeatedly hit. Even with my poor physical and mental state it was obvious that they didn't get the answers that they wanted from me, but I had nothing to give them but the truth. The truth of what had actually happened was, it appeared, the last thing that the Magical government wanted. Something that I might have picked up on if I hadn't been so distracted by the twitching and the bleeding and the pain. But probably not. I wasn't exactly blessed with an over-abundance of perceptive thinking even on my best day back then. If I had of been, I might have shut my damn mouth before spilling things that nobody wanted to hear. Still not healed, still not fed, not allowed to sleep or rest, I was dragged in front of the Wizengamot early the next day and put on trial for the murder of Cedric Diggory. I was draped in an open, black robe that showed the blood stains on my shirt beneath, chained into the defendant's chair and silenced with a wave of Kingsley Shacklebolt's wand. That was the moment, I think, that I realised that Albus Dumbledore actually wanted me to be found guilty. The old meddler was always putting my happiness, well-being, life and sanity at risk for his own, unstated, purposes. Although I was at a loss to reason how me being tried (and likely convicted) for a murder that I didn't commit helped his 'greater good'. Still, he was one of the good guys and I trusted him to do what was right so that I didn't actually end up in prison for something that I didn't do. Merlin, what a fucking idiot I was. The fact that the Weasleys betrayed me was not exactly a surprise. Ronald had been doing it every year since I had known him and Percy was one of the most insufferable, head up his arse, authority figures are never wrong, tossers that I have ever met. They had to have got it from somewhere and after the old ginger bitch had taken her turn on the stand I knew where. Indeed, the only one that truly disappointed me was Ginny. I had saved her from the diary and protected her from the backlash of those seeking vengeance in the aftermath of the Chamber of Secrets business. I had thought her an ally. I had thought her a friend. So, for her to accuse me of the vile and disgusting things that she did that day was like a knife in my guts. I finally realised, with the way that she twisted that knife so delicately and so viciously, that she was as much of a cunt as her harridan of a mother. Then she had spoken and my world collapsed. Hermione Granger was my everything. I lived to make the clever girl with the bushy hair and buck teeth smile. It made my heart flutter and my limbs go all ... floopy and floppy. She had been my best friend and not so secret crush since the day I had first met her. That was why, when she started talking about my crazy, stalkerish pursuit of her (all true, I'm afraid) and my constant inappropriate touching and attempts at forced seduction (not true but I admit that I had definitely thought about doing that), it hurt so much. Even more than the Weasleys it was Hermione's quiet, sobbing, voice as she laid out her made up events and false claims, that damned me. That she could lie so completely about me, even under orders from her beloved Headmaster, well ... it didn't just break my heart. It shattered it. The only person who even attempted to help me was Luna Lovegood. Dear, sweet, naive, Luna. My vigorous defense of her during those early days when she had been bullied so relentlessly had made me something of a heroine to the poor girl and she apparently wanted to return the favour. Her strange, distracted, rambling about my inherent goodness and pure intentions did nothing to offset the previous testimony and when she started talking about nargles and wrackspurts I knew it was over. I loved her for trying, but it was over. Guilty. It was done. I didn't blame the jury. There was no other verdict that they could have given, considering the 'evidence' that Umbridge had fabricated and the damning character assassination that they had heard from witness after witness. And I as received my sentence my stoic, silent resolve finally broke. Life. Azkaban. I am not proud of my reaction to those words but I believe that I may be forgiven the screaming and the hysterical break down that I had then, desperately calling for the Headmaster, for anyone, to help me. Stronger men and women than me have done similar when faced with the fate that was about to befall me. So here I was in my own personal hell. I was dumped into the smallest cell of the deepest dungeon in the ancient, prison island. No light reached down here. Ever. The only time the darkness retreated even slightly was when my meagre ration of thin gruel was pushed through the normally closed grate at the bottom of the heavy door. Of course, whoever delivered the 'meals' never entered and never spoke. Far from the heroine of the light I was now the most despised criminal in Wizarding Britain and I was left alone. Alone in the dark. Just my own thoughts and the Dementors to keep me company. Things were actually okay for the first few ... days? ... weeks? ... months? I had no way of knowing. The hideous creatures that guarded and visited me feasted on something that I couldn't feel, but while they had burned through, what I now know to be Voldemort's soul fragment, I actually felt lighter. Okay, so the flashes of his memories that I got during their frequent visits weren't very nice but I was still me. I felt better. More alive. It wasn't destined to last. Once they had taken his soul they started in on mine. And it didn't take very long for me to break. Terrified and alone. Doomed to re-live the worst days of my life under the tender attentions of my new jailers in the pitch black, foul smelling, pit with the stench of the betrayal of those I had trusted and my own own filth heavy in my nostrils. I broke easily and forever. Jasmine Potter died in that hole, never to return. . After what felt like several lifetimes alone in the dark with my nightmares, I was suddenly awoken by the screeching of rusty hinges as the door to my cell was forced open. I scuttled away into the furthest corner of my 'home', now unused to and scared by the dim light that entered. "Get her up." A rough cloak was thrown over me and was pulled to my feet. I whimpered and immediately collapsed back to the filthy floor as my atrophied limbs screamed in pain. I tried to weakly protest through being lifted and carried bodily out into the prison proper but my voice was gone, destroyed by months upon months of howling in terror. Whimpering in pain and fear hadn't really been my style before but that girl, the 'girl who lived' was gone. I didn't know what was left but it appeared that crying wasn't well thought of now either and I sucked it up and forced myself to silence. Even the crippling pain from the jostling as I was carried, none too gently, out of Azkaban didn't make me call out. It felt humiliating to be carried like a rag doll but I was prepared to put up with it for now. I needed to regain some strength and it had to be done the old fashioned way. From what I heard, as I was unceremoniously dumped into a warm leather lined cocoon, any magic would be more likely to kill me than heal me since I was so weak. This was obviously the reason that this muggle automobile was being used to move me to, wherever my new accommodation would be, as well. The confusion at my sudden release was beginning to crowd in on me now. I needed more information. Curled into a ball on the back seat of the roomy car I feigned sleep in order to listen in to their conversation. It was quite enlightening. "I don't like this Moody. We shouldn't be taking her there of all places." Moody? As in Mad-eye Moody the ex-Auror who had been one of my interrogators? "You don't have to like it Tonks, you just have to do it." Yep, that was Mad-eye alright. The bastard. "Dumbledore wants her at the Weasleys and that's where she's going. Besides I can't think of anyone who will take better care of her than Molly." I could. Voldemort would be better than Molly fucking Weasley. Or maybe Satan. "But they betrayed her. She's going to ... " I was just thinking that I was starting to like this vaguely familiar 'Tonks' person when Moody cut us both off. "She's going to do as she's damn well told Nymphadora . And so are you. Now shut up and let me concentrate on keeping this damned muggle death-trap on the bloody road." She didn't shut up totally and continued to question her mentor. It was from this ride that I first learned many of the details of the events at the Department of Mysteries and the death of Sirius Black. As well as the very public appearance of Lord Voldemort and the subsequent vindication of my innocence from his own lips. I heard all of it, took it all in, and felt ... nothing. The destruction of my soul had been so complete that I couldn't feel anything much. No joy at my release, no sadness at the death of