This new story is a response to Final Master X2's Harry Potter Challenge. I have been wanting to do a gender change fic for a while now but have always shied away from it due to the existance of fics like Branchwraith's brilliant Season of Change and the equally wonderful offering by Nemesis13, Another Day in the Life. I just hope that I can pay tribute to the genre and that I don't screw it up too badly. For this challenge James and Lily Potter had to be alive and the Boy Who lived had to have a sibling. Other than that and the whole turning into a girl thing I have a pretty good deal of latitude here so let's list out the active AU changes. 1. Voldemort is dead. Really dead. Deceased. He is no more. He has shuffled off his mortal coil. For some reason I really want to start singing about lumberjacks here. 2. The Potters weren't killed and the Longbottoms weren't tortured into insanity. 3. Sirius Black was not disowned by his father and has acceded to the position of Lord Black on his parent's death. There are others but those are the three main one's to keep in mind. Now there will be some adventure but this is mainly a story of friendship and love. Let's face it, this is going to be shameless fluff and I am in no way going to apologise for it. Femslash is the order of the day and those of you who were dismayed by me dumping Hermione in Silent World will be glad to know that our favourite Gryffindor bookworm is going to play a major part here. The rating is T, so if you're expecting graphic sex scenes ... well ... don't. This isn't because I have any moral objections to them it's just that I am truly horrible at writing them. Properly pants. So knowing my limitations I've decided to do what I do best and simply avoid it. Right. Off we go then. The Potterverse is still JKR's and I'm still working. Damn it. DtR xx. ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) Fortunate Son? Chapter 1. Changing Man Far above the pitch Harry potter felt the breeze against his face as he gripped his Nimbus 2000 broom lightly in his pale, slender hands and smiled with genuine pleasure. He drifted on the warm air currents in a lazy, looping figure of eight simply allowing the light wind to push him along with no extraneous effort on his part. Up here, away from the pressures of his exams and the expectations of his family, he felt truly free. Free from his loving but overbearing parents and their not so subtle hints that he should be a better student, or a better seeker, or a better son. Not that he was bad at any of those things. He just didn't excel at them. In all honesty he was simply average. His grades in school were good but not great, his performance at quidditch was decent but not exceptional and his connection with his parents was okay but not special. He was a totally average Fourteen year old boy, and while that might be okay for some, for the fabled 'Boy who Lived', it was simply not good enough. Not for his mother and father, not for his professors and not for the wizarding world in general. Not by a long way. The only people it was good enough for was his sister, Rose and his best friend Neville. Harry Potter and Neville Longbottom had been friends since before they could walk or talk. They had grown up together in the aftermath of the great wizarding war, which had been ended by Harry's, completely unconscious and unremembered (by him at least) defeat of the Dark Lord Voldemort. It was a friendship built on common ground. Two shy, quiet, mild mannered and even tempered boys finding pleasure in the simplicity of nature. Neville's love of plants and Harry's love of flowers and cute fluffy animals led the pair of them to revel in the extensive gardens around both of their homes and in their own company. Born on the same day to best friends, they had been inseperable as toddlers and had only grown closer with time. To their mothers Lily and Alice it was a source of wonder and amusement, to their fathers James and Frank it was cause for concern that the boys were not spending their time in more manly pursuits as they once had. To Harry's little sister, however, they were simply perfect. Well almost perfect. There was only one thing that she would change about them that would have made them even better. While in class Harry's daydreaming tendancies had only got him some poor marks and the occasional detention, in the middle of a quidditch match, the consequences could be a little more serious. Well, as far as most of his Housemates were concerned, anyway. He saw a flash of blonde hair from the corner of his eye as he realised, too late, that Draco had spotted the snitch and was already half way to the fluttering, golden ball. Harry pushed the nose of his broom downwards and took off in a thrilling, intense and downright dangerous vertical dive after his opponent. It would have been incredibly impressive if he had started a bit earlier and managed to actually pass the other boy and catch the snitch but he was too late. He had got distracted, as happened all too often, and today Draco Malfoy's team emerged victorious. Slytherin had won both the match and the cup and Harry knew he was in for an uncomfortable evening in Gryffindor Tower. "Congratulations Draco. Good game." Harry held out his hand to the smirking blonde and was not even slightly surprised when the other boy sneered and didn't take it but smiled superciliously and remarked. "The better man won 'Pansy'. As usual." He shrugged and ignored the insult before turning and silently following his team to the locker room to change. His placid response and actions only earned him jeers, catcalls and cries of 'poofter' from, not only the Slytherins, but also some of his own House as well. It was nothing new. Most of the school looked at his close relationship with Neville and thought he was gay by now. He wasn't but he didn't want to correct those assumptions. Harry may not have been gay but Neville was and he wasn't about to let his best friend face that particular stigma all on his own. So he shouldered his Nimbus, took the insults and the jinxes and headed for the showers, which he knew would be deserted by now. His team mates may not give him as much grief as everyone else did but they still didn't want to shower with a suspected homo. Freshly scrubbed and dressed in clean clothes, Harry left the locker room and was almost immediately engulfed in a warm, sweet smelling embrace. He inhaled the aroma of coconut shampoo and the light cologne of his best friend as he returned the hug just as warmly. "Hey Nev. Miss me did you?" "Always sweetie." He snuggled into his taller friend and smiling, chuckled into the boy's wide, well muscled shoulder. "You know that this kind of thing doesn't exactly help the rumours about us, don't you." "And yet, you still continue." "Well you're just so comfy." "Prat." From her position behind the stands the auburn haired, twelve year old Rose Potter watched her brother and the boy that she considered her other brother leave for the castle arm in arm and clutched her book tightly to her chest. She had liberated this particular tome from the restricted section of the library by persuading a Seventh year Ravenclaw girl to use her pass in the noble pursuit of knowledge. It had taken a while but, after a prolonged campaign of attrition, the older girl had finally succumbed to her tearful eyes, pleading looks and obvious thirst to improve her academic performance. Of course that was all complete rubbish. Rose was quite possibly the most gifted and intelligent young witch to ever pass through the gates of the famous school, even giving the great Hermione Granger a run for her money, despite the three year age gap. But she had wanted this book badly and had used every trick in her extensive mental arsenal to acquire it. She smiled a secret smile and hugged the book to her once more. Morphing the Unmorphable - The Theory and Practice of Ancient Magick . Rose's first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry had not been what you would call an overwhelming success. Even though she had been studying for years before she had arrived here and had easily aced every class that she took, nobody, not even her professors, had really warmed to the girl. The youngest Potter may have had her mother's intelligence in abundance, but she had also inherited her father's penchant for breaking the rules as well as his legendary temper. A temper which she displayed on a regular basis. After not quite three weeks into her first term even Ginny Weasley, the undisputed queen of the dreaded bat-bogey hex, had been seen to be cautiously avoiding the diminutive, green eyed fire cracker. The downside was that Rose didn't have any friends whatsoever, the upside was that nobody, but nobody, talked shit about her brother or Neville anywhere where they thought that she might overhear them. Well not after the Michael Corner incident anyway. That boy had spent nearly a week in the hospital wing having two layers of clothing and his broken wand slowly and uncomfortably removed from a very sensitive part of his anatomy. She had no regrets. The nasty great gobshite had deserved every second of his pain for humiliating Harry and Neville. Not long now, she thought stroking the rare volume in her hands, and she would be able to help all three of them. For a little while at least. Unknown to the Potter siblings or their friend a second pair of eyes watched the progress of the two boys across the playing field. From their vantage point in the third floor window seat, chocolate coloured eyes peered out from beneath a wild, bushy brown fringe and Hermione Granger put her elbows on her thighs, cradled her chin in her hands and sighed deeply. If only she could have that kind of courage. For any student to be so open and so out in the, frankly, backwards culture of the wizarding community was, in itself, pretty brave but for the scions of two such well known and famous families to be doing it was even more incredible. She considered, not for the first time, that she should have chosen differently when the sorting hat offered her the choice between Ravenclaw and Gryffindor. As much as she wanted to get to know and befriend these two two quiet, sensitive, brave young men she just couldn't bring herself to do it. She was afraid to. Afraid of the consequences. She had heard the girls in her dorm talking and it seemed that wizards hated gay people almost as much as they hated muggles, technology and know it alls. If Hermione were to support Harry and Neville then she would be labelled, not incorrectly as it happened, with that same brush, and being a gay, muggle know it all her life would become even more unbearable than it already was. If that were possible. No, courage was definitely not her strong suit. She should have chosen Ravenclaw. After the fiasco of the quidditch match, the disapointment of the end of year exam results and the sullen atmosphere at the Gryffindor table during the final feast, Harry couldn't wait to find his little sister and head for the Hogwart's Express. The prospect of a summer at home, relaxing in his garden