This new story is being written from an idea submitted to me by one of my long time supporters Tenzo51 and as it was a particularly fantastic idea I was more than happy to get on board. I will also be using them as a kind of unofficial Beta and collaborator who deserves and will receive a credit in every chapter written. So we'll be slightly AU with this, it is a femHarry story after all, but using many of the canon components and events, just hopefully in a different and more fun way. As in Silent World and Season of the Witch, OCs and little used characters abound. Also we're setting this twenty years after the time-line in the books since we really want to use some cool tech stuff. If that's not your kind of thing then I advise you to stop now. Same goes for femslash. Lots of that here. Eventually anyway. I'm hoping for a chapter every two weeks, as I feel that this is achievable, but you all know how crap I can be when it comes to updating so don't hold your breath 'kay. Having said that, this writing thing is about fun so let's try to have as much of that as we can too. So let's get started then. Enjoy yourselves I know that I intend to. . I'm not JKR and I don't make any money from this. Which is a bit of a shame. DtR xx. . ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) The Excellent Adventure of a Wolf, a Loony and a Very Bored Heroine. . 1. Weird Science. . In the cafeteria of Kingston primary school there was the usual delineation that occurred in such places where young people gathered together to learn. The popular kids, the sporty kids, the nerdy kids, they all had their separate areas where they grouped together, some for validation from their peers, others for protection. It was like a zoo with it's own messed up set of rules for the miniature predators and their still smaller prey. There was one student, however, who did not fit into any of these time honoured roles and she sat alone at a table smack damn in the centre of this blackboard jungle. If you were to look up the phrase 'socially awkward' in an encyclopedia there would very likely be a photograph of Shelley Elizabeth Potter staring manically back at you just as she was staring at her laptop screen now. With her perpetually messy raven, black hair pulled into a lopsided pony tail, held together with half a dozen brightly coloured pencils, piercing green eyes and the impressive scar on her forehead she was a decidedly pretty, if slightly odd looking, ten year old. And that was before you even got to her clothes. A bright yellow and pink vee necked tank-top over her rumpled, white shirt which almost, but not quite (unfortunately) hid a garish purple and silver starred kipper tie beneath it's overly wide collar. Even though it wasn't purposely designed to do so her outfit had the very welcome bonus of keeping anyone from bothering her. Plus, she at least, thought that it was really pretty. Every other student here at the State sponsored school wore subtle variations on the dull green and grey uniform but Shelley, in this as in most things, definitely marched to the beat of her own drum. She could not abide dull, lazy and, most importantly, the unimaginative and uninteresting use of colour. As was evidenced by the fact that she had turned up on her first day of school, holding her older cousin's hand and dressed in orange and lilac dungarees with a royal purple shirt and pink wellington boots. She had then proceeded to make her meticulously prepared point about why she should be allowed to ignore the dress code to the faculty. A point which she had won. That this may have had more to do with her headteacher's reluctance to let someone of her staggering brilliance turn down a place at his school over somethinng so trivial as a uniform issue mattered not one iota to her. The important thing was that she had won. Shelley, even at the tender age of six, was rabidly prideful and loved nothing more than getting her own way. Especially since she was always right. She had managed to take up an entire table designed for six people with her solitary presence. Well her presence and her vast array of notebooks, an expensive looking laptop computer and possibly the largest applied physics textbook that anyone in her school, including the teachers, had ever seen that is. The truth was that science is hard and even Sheley with an IQ of one hundred and fifty eight struggled with some of it. But then she was only ten years old. Well a few days shy of eleven actually but still, there was plenty of time for her to learn new things and increase that. Her own personal goal was to better Kim Ung-Yong's score of two hundred and ten by the time she hit fourteen which, while it would be hard work, she considered achievable. If she worked her breaks as well as in class that is. As the warning bell rang signalling the end of lunch Miss Potter gathered her computer and her mountain of notebooks into an large, untidy, multi-coloured, beaded bag and stood to leave. This had the undesirable result of displaying the lower half of her selected ensemble for the day to the remaining students and members of staff, all of whom wanted to shudder at it's insanity but wisely repressed the urge. Miss Potter was not known for taking insults to her clothing choices too well and everybody remembered the John Gudgeon incident with stark clarity. It was a bit bloody difficult for them not to remember it. The insanely smart girl had made that poor boy's life a living hell after he had, very unwisely, laughed at her habitual stripey, blue and yellow stockings and pink tartan skirt. She had, at that point, ceased all extra curricular reading and instead put all of her very considerable brain power to the task of driving young Mister Gudgeon to the very brink of insanity ... before pushing him over with a small smile. It was the only time anyone at the school had ever seen Shelley Potter smile and it was not something that they cared to witness again. Normally primary school teachers would have been thrilled to see one of their young charges smile but in Shelley Potter's case they were happy to make an exception. Just as they made an exception for the topics, reading materials and schedules of study that she followed in their classrooms. It may have been her cold, emotionless voice that did it, or perhaps it was the fact that she knew more than they did about ... well, pretty much everything really. Whatever it was, they found that the only way to preserve their dignity was simply to allow her to get on with whatever the hell she did in their lessons without their input or interruption. Basically they left her well alone. Which was just the way she liked it. . On Sunday the Thirty first of July, Shelley awoke with a startled squeak to the gentle rocking of her large cousin tentatively shaking her. Eyes tightly closed and still feigning sleep she reached beneath her pillow and gripped the rough, aged, wooden shaft of her prized possession. Lizzy Borden's hatchet. The very same one that she had reportedly used to hack her parents to death with. Once set, Shelley twisted free and leapt from her bed brandishing the hundred and twenty year old hand axe to face her possible attacker with almost inhuman speed. On seeing who it was that had woken her she relaxed slightly. But only slightly. "You're in my room. You can't be in my room." Shelley frowned. "Nobody's allowed in my room." Now Dudley Dursley, contrary to popular belief, was not stupid. If he had been he would certainly have never survived to be the ripe old age of twelve while living in the same house as his extremely smart, extremely insane, cousin. Even his position of facilitator, middle man and occasional enforcer for her 'homework for cash' business that Shelley had been running for the last four years wouldn't be enough to keep him safe if she really thought that she was being attacked. His old friend Piers Polkiss, or 'nine fingered Piers' as they now called him, could attest to just how fast and how violently she responded to threats. Dudley could live with being scared if he thought about the money, however, as this little side business of hers had proved to be surprisingly lucrative for both of them. Especially after he had moved up to secondary school last September and was able to bring in a more financially powerful class of clientele. It didn't take long for word to get around and after only three weeks at his new school he had everyone, up to and including the sixth formers, coming to him in order to take advantage of Shelley's large brain and her love of homework. This had resulted in a very comfortable standard of living for them and had enabled him to buy that electric guitar that he had been lustfully eyeing for months. Shelley's more significant cut of their ill gotten gains had paid for her top of the line laptop which she had instantly used to set up an ebay account under a false identity. Since that day there seemed to be a never ending flow of packages into their house all of which disappeared straight into her bedroom. This was actually the first time that he had got to see what she had bought (seriously nobody was allowed behind the pink door of the room marked with the legend 'Daddy's Little Princess', not even Vernon) and, despite the current danger, Dudley was more than a little interested. The walls were overflowing with hundreds of books, there were a couple of large whiteboards containing some outrageously difficult looking math problems and a huge, plasma screen TV sitting in one corner. And it was here that the most surprising things were. What caught his attention most was the electronic dance mat and the four dozen or so yuri anime DVD's haphazardly surrounding it. Bloody hell, it turned out that his scary little cousin did actually know how to have some fun. You know, normal kind of fun as opposed to what usually made her laugh like scaring the piss out of the local kids with her weird, psychotic behaviour. Dudley's eyes finally finished their interested gawking and landed on the enraged eleven year old's own emerald orbs once more. Crap. He needed to apologize and to make sure that it was good enough that she would refrain from emulating her strange, American heroine whose hatchet she was still waving ominously in his direction. "I know and I'm really sorry but mum and dad wanted me to get you for your birthday breakfast Shell Bell." It was a risk calling her that pet name that his dad used but Dudley felt that he had very little to lose here. Other than his thumbs and possibly his life of course. Thankfully the green eyed lunatic in the Hello Kitty pajamas brightened immediately at this welcome piece of news and tossed her weapon back onto the bed while treating her large boned cousin to a manic grin. "Oh. Well why didn't you say so Big D. Shall we?" She offered him her arm and the relieved young man escorted her down the stairs for the start of her birthday celebrations. He was in the middle of congratulating himself for avoiding a potentially very painful maiming incident this morning when she spoke again in that odd and not at all comforting monotone. Her