Okay. Another challenge offered and another fic started. I promise this is the last new one for a while until I can get at least two of the others finished. This challenge was again offered by the very lovely Anubis of the Highway Thieves and goes thus; Fleur and Gabrielle Delecour didn't know what it was about the Twin Potter sisters that attracted them so much, Raven and Ruby Potter(can choose different names) didn't know what they did to attract the two hot Veela sisters; the Marauders didn't know whether to be over protective or proud, Lily was happy for them while also being annoyed by the Marauder antics, Hermione was not jealous not bit... oh who is she kidding of course she was, and one Harry Potter(can choose a different name) and his girlfriend were amused by it all. In a way this could be considered another version of my Double Trouble challenge, only not. Requirements: Fleur and Gabrielle must be paired with Raven and Ruby. Gabrielle must be at least 13 and Raven and Ruby at least 14. Hermione must have a crush on at least one Potter sister but is still supportive of them. Harry can be the older or younger brother, and must tease his sisters in a friendly manner about their relationship with Fleur and Gabrielle. James and Lily must be alive and supportive of his daughters' relationship(Lily doesn't care she just wants grandchildren). The magical world is more tolerant of lesbian relations. The Child Who Lived can be any of the Potter siblings or Neville or even a sibling of Neville. Forbidden: Neglectful and abusive Potters and spoiled possible Child Who Lived(including Neville or his sibling). Recomended: Hermione eventually joins the four girls. False Child Who Lived and fake prophecy. Optional: Lily gets the grand baby(ies) she wanted. Fleur, Gabrielle, Raven and Ruby eventually have no problems sharing partners between each other. Gabrielle and Fleur being twins. . Sounds fun right? Well I certainly thought so which is why we're all here after all. Now this one is more of an adventure/romance than the other challenge A Tale of Two Lillies and will not be as intentionally funny as that fic but that's not to say that we can't still have some fun with it. So let's get started then. Enjoy yourselves I know that I intend to. . I'm not JKR and I don't make any money from this. Which is a bit of a shame. DtR xx. . ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) . Of Twins and Harry Potter. . 1. Ravens and Rubies. . There was no doubt in anyone's mind that the Potter's ruled the roost at Hogwarts School of Witchraft and Wizardry. This powerful, wealthy and influential family had, following their part in the destruction of the self styled Lord Voldemort in the Great Blood War thirteen years ago tomorrow night, somewhat taken over the ancient castle. The Dark Bastard had killed James' parents who had been babysitting that night before turning his wand on the littlest Potter. And that was when something strange had happened. The killing curse had rebounded off of baby Harry and shocked Voldemort so badly that he had run straight out the house and right into the path of the approaching worried and vengeful persons of James and Lily. No-one could decide quite exactly which one of ther curses had actualy killed him, James' piercing hex to the chest or Lily's blasting curse that had taken his head clean off. All they knew was that he was dead. Also that you didn't mess with the Potters. The Wizarding world rejoiced. The great and powerful Albus Dumbledore had been the mastermind and the driving force behind the downfall of Voldemort and his Death Eaters even if it was James and Lily Potter who had finally been the ones to kill him. That this could not have been done without his tireless work behind the scenes hunting down Tom Riddle's horcruxes had not been widely known but he had still come away from the war with great honour and respect. His great work finally complete the old man had retired from all of his positions barring that of Chief Warlock. He had needed a rest from the almost constant work of holding down three full time jobs and had decided to concentrate on just one of them. And it wasn't as if Dumbledore had left either of the vacant openings in bad hands either. Garrick Fawley had been talented enough and gracious enough to take on his role with the International Confederation of Wizards and the eminently capable Minerva MacGonagall had been persuaded to step in as the Headmistress of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. With him at the helm as Chief Warlock Britain was now experiencing something of a revival and their International reputation as a place of peace and power was growing. This had led to Britain being chosen to host the Tri-Wizard Tournament this year with all the pride, press attention, pomp and plaudits that it brought. There was the occasional hitch of course. MacGonagall took on a school lacking in staff due to the death or retirement of five professors in under three years but she had used her considerable skills to cajole and/or browbeat the finest talent in the country into joining her teaching revolution. Once James Potter had been appointed Transfiguration master and his wife Lily Potter the Charms mistress they had then worked tirelessly to bring in their allies. So now that they had managed to bring in Remus Lupin as the Potions master and Sirius Black in the Defence Against the Dark Arts post the school was indisputably theirs. This was even more the case now that the Potter children were attending Hogwarts although there was more than a little worrying going on in the heads of the marauders, Lily and even the Headmistress that the girls or even, Merlin forbid, Harry would end up competing in the Tournament. With the amount of trouble that the three of them had either caused or gotten into over the years it was not an unreasonable assumption that at leas one of them would try for it. . Breakfast at the Gryffindor table was always a bit of a boisterous affair, due in large part, to the sheer amount of early rising and overly loud, cheerful buffoons that littered the roster for the House of the lions. The 'boy-who-lived' Harry Potter and his girlfriend Fay Dunbar, who had been newly acquired in September, were sitting back and laughing at the antics of their Housemates while they held hands and fed each other little pieces of bacon. Unfortunately this adorable behaviour drew the attention of the Weasley twins who were lurking nearby looking for just such an opportunity to pounce on their younger friend. "Ah Gred ickle Harrikins is being particularly ... " "Romantic today. Isn't he just though Forge. One wonders ..." "If the lovely Miss Dunbar has promised to ... " "Eeeep!" Harry was alerted to the possibility of danger by the sudden silence of Fred and George. Ony one person could ilicit the kind of fear that would make these two notorious pranksters shut up this quickly. Except, of course that said one person was actually two but being another pair of identical twins they were usually, like the Weasleys, considered a single unit only the Hufflepuff version. Harry's older sisters Raven and Ruby Potter. Harry was far from the only person in Hogwarts who had spent a considerable amount of time wondering exactly how the two most sneaky and cunning witches in the entire school had talked the sorting hat into putting them in the House of the Badgers. He knew from long and bitter experience just how persuasive his siblings could be when they wanted something. Or even when they were just bored and wanted to amuse themselves at his expense by getting him to do something that was guaranteed to incurr their mother's wrath. Not that mum was any better mind you. They had probably learned it from her in the first place. "Bloody hell Potter why are all of your family so damned impossible?" Apparently his girlfriend was of a similar opinion. "Impossibly clever." "Impossibly charming." "Impossibly attractive." "Impossibly ... " "Oh kill me now, they're doing it again." In truth the only reason that they ever spoke like the red headed twin set was to annoy their little brother's girlfriend. It was a lot of fun to watch her go all puce like she was going to explode and then start head butting the table like she was doing now and Raven and Ruby were all about fun. They sniggered and shared a subtle fist bump with the chuckling Harry, one from each side. Fay Dunbar thumped her head into the wooden surface of the table firmly but no so hard that it would have hurt. There was no point in making her headache, which always seemed to make an appearance when her boyfriend's sisters turned up, any worse than it already was. She felt a soothing hand that she knew to be Harry's making little circles on her back and felt the vibrations of his light laughter through it which made her turn her head, looking up at him with a small pout. He was always more amused than annoyed by their antics even though he and by extension she was more often than not the target of them. Well along with their parents and 'uncles' anyway. Pranking family was obviously their favourite game and Fay supposed that she should be pleased that they considered her as such but that still didn't make up for the fact that they were a pair of annoying little cows. Admittedly, thanks to their combined genes from the Potter, Black and Evans families, they were rather stunningly beautiful little cows, but it didn't make them any less annoying. Fay was particularly jealous of their hair which matched their names perfectly. Both of the twins had long, silky, straight black locks hanging right down to their bottoms but, in virtually the only difference in appearance between the two of them, Ruby's was tinged with a trace of red while Raven's had a similar tint but of blue. When you saw them in the right light they really did seem to glitter and shine and made her dry, straw coloured hair seem very uninteresting in comparison. Not that Harry seemed to mind. Her sweet and attentive boyfriend spent simply hours washing, conditioning, brushing and playing with it which attentiveness Fay rewarded with varying amounts of physical affection on a sliding scale of how good he had made her feel. . That morning Hermione Granger sat a few seats away next to Ron's sister Ginny and watched the usual mayhem that followed a visit to their table by the Potter twins with her chin in her hands and a dreamy smile on her face. "You're drooling." "I am not." "Yeah right. One look at tall, dark and gorgeous over there and you're leaking like a cracked cauldron." She paused before continuing with a bit of a leer. "And not just from the mouth I bet." Bloody Ginny. That girl could see straight through her. Thankfully nobody else could or she would be in a whole heap of trouble. Raven Potter. Mmm mmm what she wouldn't do to get her hands (or preferably her mouth and tongue) on, as Ginny so eloquently put it, 'tall, dark and gorgeous' over there. You would think that, being her identical twin sister, Hermione would have been equally as enamoured of Ruby Potter but strangely this was just not the case. She found them, in respect of their personalities anyway, to be very different, the 'red twin' being a lot louder, brasher and much more ... forward than the 'blue twin' something that she had very little time for. She just didn't have that sly, shy, sexiness that