Author's Notes: I'm not sure if I will continue this into Faramir's adolescence and adulthood, but I thought I would just share this with all of you. Thanks for reading. (Ignore the many errors...I will go back and tend to them once I have time). Disclaimer - Faramir, Finduilas, Boromir and Denethor belong to J.R.R. Tolkien. . . . It is not that he does not wish to hate him. No, that is not the issue that stands before him at all! It is only that he is not Boromir. Boromir, you must understand, is perfection. And not just any commonplace sort of the being who is empty of flaws and filled instead with light and glory. He is the perfection, the most singular of all – as the general of war, the orator for peace and justice, the wielder of the mighty sword and the judge of life and death in battle. He treads with ease the delicate balance between gentlest reason and reckless greed of the heart. For both country and for love he grips the shield and carries the blood which stains his hands. He does not tremble beneath the black glower of death. Yes, you must know – Boromir is of the singular kind. A prized jewel amongst the coal of common men, like the formless charcoal of his artless, foolish brother. There is no man who boasts such equal quality. For he who endeavors is but a hollow mimicry. A life needlessly lived in vain. Of course, there are faults in the first born. Small ones, nearly not worth mentioning in size. They hide and poke their eyes out when they think he, the father who knows and sees and hears all, is not aware. Oh, but is he ever aware of them! Never has a man before carried the burden of such cognizance of fault. He sees the unmentionable weakness in the older boy whom he loves with all the heart (the beating thing that also hides, like the flaws in his first born, but it is concealed behind the cold years of loss and callus). They line the righteous brow and the warm familiar grey of the eyes like gaping black fissures. Only he may look upon them and pick them out – he, Denethor, the father and the admiring master of his living breathing craft. Faramir is no masterpiece of open honest skin and the beating pushing blood of a warrior. No, Faramir is second to Boromir in everything. Who is he to deserve love where he has not earned it? The origin of rivalry has many names, many faces, shifting and molding itself to fit the shape of the heart it must inhabit. Fear, doubt, hatred – all of these the grey silhouettes in the colored spectrum we know as concrete, unshakeable forces. For against courage, faith and love they are but silver wraiths in a distant rolling fog. We do not know them like we know their gentle counterparts. We simply feel them, misunderstand the roots coiling around the heart and the mind and the warm phantom soul, and call them ghosts and traitors. " Denethor, he is your son ." But they are not, really. They are just as black and white as any feeling. Every sentiment has a foundation upon which it stands. " I have but one son." The second born son is neither planned nor wanted by his father. When news came of him, in the strange and stifling hot spring of the year 2983, it was not welcomed with the fanfare of a joyous and much anticipated occasion. She had expected surprise, perhaps the first reluctance of shock, even outrage that would dwindle down to a quiet contentment. But none of these were present in the face of her lover, her husband, her one and only haven in this darkening world. Something was beginning to chance in him. And it began with the conception of the second born. She was met with distance, even resentment, and he did not spare her the cruelty of both. After the initial silence, the pleasant numbness of surprise was honed into a hard unyielding layer of new hatred for an unborn child. A defenseless and unknowing infant. Finduilas tempted her husband with softness and affection. But as she grew larger, the months passing and her stomach ripening with the growing young being inside of her, Denethor became more and more aloof to her and their coming second son. The hardness in him was resilient against her slow and measured peeling away, the callus too stiff; it would not budge beneath her prying fingers. She would not turn in the darkness to look on him as she once did in the dead husk of night. She remembers when news of Boromir had reached him. He had been away, she recalls, and upon his return and the imparting of her secret he had showered her in gifts. Flowers and jewels and all the sweets the world in its entirety could render. Within the shadow of his encompassing glow, she fed off the golden shade and held her own against his perfect sentient gleaming. He had told her she'd never looked so beautiful. And she, in turn, had wondered if he had ever boasted the same loveliness. Never again has he carried with him such an inhuman radiance. Like silver Elvish grace taken to human form. Now the gray sullenness has carved itself into his face. Where has the old and beautiful glow gone? We need no second heir. No second born! Finduilas had set her jaw, her teeth locked against her tongue. I will love him as if he were my first, she had replied to him. And so it came to pass... That the second born was delivered into a world without the love of a father. But twice as strong was the love of his ailing mother. "Denethor, please. Will you not even look on him? Will you not go to your son?" "I wish you would not test my wearied patience." "He bears quite a resemblance to his great father." "With the eyes of a foolish mother." "Is it too much to ask of you to love what is ours?" "Boromir is ours. This boy I will not claim as my own. You may have him. But I will not be burdened with such a useless life." Boromir had watched his unborn sibling grow behind his mother's shielding stomach. Never had he missed a kick, a rustling, not the slightest movement went untouched or unheard by the sharp senses of his youth. He had asked his mother so unabashedly what they all were, those strange activities. " What's he doing in there, mama? Is he stretching his legs? Does he wish to come out?" " Why do you not ask him yourself dear one?" " Will he answer?" " No, my darling, for now I fear he cannot. Nor will he be able to for a very long time." Boromir's face had fallen, darkening under the weight of crushed hope. What use was a brother that could not speak? That could not emulate the war cry of the Haradrim and make speeches as the fearless Gondorian warrior? A brother that could not sing or fight or remember the great stories of old? Oh, how his heart had been broken! How stark was the mark of loss which had stained his brow with shadow. Finduilas, with great difficulty, had stooped low to meet the eyes of her crestfallen first born. They had leveled with hers, mirrors of gray, but hers were warm where his were fashioned cold. Like his father's. But in hers, the sleek steely clarity of silver blanched them, like a blush of the light. " But he will hear you, Boromir. He will remember your every word, every speech, every question. When he comes at last, you see, he will already know you…for he will have heard the warmth in your voice." The months had passed slowly for him. And in untarnished wonder that only a child may know and bend to his will, he had waited and he had watched. His mother had grown with a painful steadiness that he could hardly have borne if it were not for those movements. Denethor had thought it silly of his first born, to be enamored so with the abstract shifting about of an unborn child. As the favorite son, he should have known better – better than to disappoint the high expectations of his father's pedestal. Boromir had not understood his father's detachment from certainly had been the gradual unveiling of a miracle. He had not joined them on afternoons when Finduilas rested, her eager son clamoring for another listen, the chance to ask another question and whisper it into the little unseen ear beneath the layers of breath and blood and bone. Those afternoons might have been the most fondly remembered of what little time he had with his mother. For they had been brimming with endless inquiries and he heard much of her clear and silver laughter mingling with the mild summer air. " Why does father not join us? Does he not love him?" " How do you know you do not speak of a sister dear one?" " I just know, mama. I know things." When Faramir finally had come in the dead of winter, he loved the fragile screaming creature the moment he saw him. It had been as if the birth had come in the most unexpected hour, when the world was white and dead and it crunched like old bleached bones beneath his feet. But there it was – life . Proof that it still flourished in winter when it seemed like it had disappeared. And the wonder had been, in the span of a split second, been replaced with an ever growing fondness. " Father, why do you shun him so? Does your love not measure equally for the both of us?" " It is not your place to ask such questions." " No, it is not! My place is in battle. Where I may lay waste to every living thing that comes my way just as skillfully as any mindless animal. Is that not my place? Is this not the fate I was made for?" Silence falls heavily upon them. Denethor wilts beneath it but Boromir does not stagger. He is strong beneath the cold metallic weight of accusation. " I do not wish to discuss such matters with you." " Why? Because I will not understand?" The weathered father turns on him and the great golden hall trembles as his voice rises. "It is not your place!" Softness returns to the old face, the creased mouth and the terrible gray eyes. A sad and weary smile of the fleeting kind appears within the creases. "Do not concern yourself with such needless burdens, my son. They are not yours to bear." But he cannot hide it from the first born. That shadow hanging on the chewed off end of every word. He wants to shake the old man, shake the devils of loathing out of his hardened core. And let Faramir in. Oh, if only he could let Faramir in. Faramir grows as if under the weight of a hungry shadow. The parasitic hatred, perhaps, of a cold and far-away longing deeply embedded in his pale and faintly beating heart. It is not any fault of his own that draws the sickness near and the dark-faced man away. None of these unending strings of ailments which strike him down are his doing or of his wish to be done. It is only that he is weakened by the suckling loathing. The black shade hanging upon every thought turned toward the tall stranger he is told to call by father . Such a name unheard of by his innocent ears. He hears only Boromir speak it in the familiar