Title: Self-crossed Lovers Fandom: Tolkien Rating: T Pairing: Glorfindel/OC Disclaimers: do not own, never will… Genre: Romance Summary: Glorfindel and the Lady never really got along, but is there more to it? Word count: 4012 A/N: I started writing this few months ago, but the Lady's (who shall not be named in this one, but might be named in possible future fics...) a very dear and old character of mine. She's actually 17 years old, as she was born in my head when I was 10 and readingThe Lord Of The Rings for the first time. She really wasn't a literary idea in any form at the time, she merely was who I was when I played pretend in Tolkien's world with my the best friend, and in the years she changed and shifted to what is now. This isn't in any way the first time I try writing something with her in it, but it's the first time the work wasn't aborted, and I kind of give the cretid for it to Glorfindel, since he's the main character in this, and the main point of view. I always worry about Mary-Sue and the likes, and I know how easy it is to fall there, but really today, as a 27 (in 14 days XD) yo young woman, the only thing I'm really interested in, when I write my female characters, is to write strong interesting ladies, with a story (which won't be touched much here), a mind of their own, and a personality I like. I know I have a typecast when I write females. I'm not very good at writing frail, emotional, delicate women or girls, 'cause that's not really what I am, and I often struggle at understanding that kind of character enough not to try and qwrite it, 'cause I feel I wouldn't be able to give them enough credit as my own creatures. And this makes me very conscious I might fall and end up with two feet in Masy-Sue Land, so I don't often publish. But this I'm actually quite proud of. So without much futher ado, I'd like to thank: First and foremost: J. R. R. Tolkien fro creating this great world and mithology I used as canvas for my OC, and so often as an escape from the reality of life. My friends Mirdjan Hyle, who stuck by me while I shaped and reshaped this, and gelped me get out of a couple of tight spots (and really stans way too much girl crap from be for being a straight guy XD), and Blackgrrrl and Drusilla, who betaed this for me. Thanks guys, seriously 3 Even if you're not on LJ. Self-crossed Lovers Glorfindel gasps as he feels her moulding into him. It's not the first time they do this, but it's usually the result of harsh words and anger, fast, dirty and shameful, and there is rarely the time, or even the will, to let lasciviousness fall onto them. After all, they never liked each other. Since the first blasted time they met, it has always been strong words, irritation and disagreement, to the point that all they try to do when possible is avoid or ignore each other. It has been like that for at least a hundred years, surely more. Possibly a couple of centuries, he doesn't really know. When you have lived through the most of two and a half ages (not to count the few millennia during the Years of the Trees) it's hard to really keep count of something as small as years. Even with a couple of millennia of a gap between the First and the Second ages… God, he's old. And she's so young compared to him. A child of the Third Age, barely more than a thousand years old. Yet, she has on him an effect so strong he can barely keep his wits when it comes to her. Their first time had been after one of many councils in Elrond's chambers, where she was an emissary of the King her father. And of course they ended up at daggers drawn, because no matter how sensible she would make her points seem, in his mind she was too young and rash to really know what really went on outside the borders of her realm. After Elrond, always the diplomat, had called a couple of days reset before the two of them managed to pull out real daggers, in his anger Glorfindel had sought her to get her to see how wrong she was in her position, but to his annoyance it had took him the best part of an hour to find the woodland elleth, and he had been way more aggressive than intended. The result had been a spectacular fight that came to an end when she tried to leave and he had stopped her by grabbing her hand and kissing her forcefully. That had been an unexpected turn of action. The resulting angry sex against a column of the balcony where they were standing even more so, but it had been mind blowing enough to have him question himself, not that he managed to find any answers. The following Council meeting had been extremely polite, while still tense, and the two of them had avoided looking or talking directly at each other, and while Elrond was usually very observant he had seemed to miss the real reason, and had complimented him about trying to show some restraint while dealing with his aversions. For a the most part of a year they had managed to avoid each other. After all she was supposedly promised to Elladan, even if it was pretty clear that the two young lover were acting as such mostly to please the respective fathers. They would have been much better off as partner in mischief rather than in life, but sometimes politics got in the way of love. They liked each other and liked spending time together (even under silken bed sheets, as Elrohir pointed out while mocking his brother), and that was more than most elves could hope for. But anyway, even if she hadn't been promised to another, Glorfindel strongly disliked her, and had no interest in having anything to do with her, no matter how mind blowing angry sex could have been. Or at least that had been the position he was keen on keeping. And so, as he avoided her pretending to do so for the sake of Elladan and for his still strong aversion to her character, she seemed to simply not acknowledge his existence if not needed. It hadn't been hard, all things considered, since quite soon after their "altercation", as he had come to call it, she had left to return to her wooden realm, where she was to remain until the beginning of summer. She was a warrior and heir to the throne, and winter was a harsh season in the woodland realm. Her and her guard would have been needed back at home to fight the dark beasts that threatened their kingdom. It was late spring when word came that the Lady and a small portion of her guard would have been back just in time for the summer celebrations. While it was glad news for most of the people of the Last Homely House, Glorfindel dreaded the moment the wooden elves would have set foot in Imlàdris. On the early morning of the last day of spring he was scouting the eastern border of the Hidden Valley when he found himself attacked by a small company of orcs. They were probably on their way back to their rotten holes when they had seen him, since it was hardly past dawn, and he found himself in a slight disadvantage, being one against ten. He had been wounded, his left arm scraped by a blunt orc dagger, and the loss of blood, even if not massive, had slightly slowed him down. He had just pierced the last beast's heart when he heard the unmistakable noise of steal against bone and the thud of a head falling to the ground behind him. He turned, ready to fight, only to find her standing there, her long knives dripping orc blood, a corpse in front of her. "It was about to stab you in the back. I doubt Lord Elrond would have appreciated his seneschal being killed by such filth. Come, my guard is near, we'll escort you to Imlàdris." He had been reprimanded by his Lord for scouting alone, and had been forced in bed for a few days to rest and regain his strength, no matter how much he had protested about it. The twins mocking him about being saved by, as they called her, his nemesis, didn't help his mood. It took him a couple of weeks to seek her and try to thank her for saving him. Trying, of course, since the attempted apology resulted in another spectacular fight. Things seemed to be back to normal. At least until the end of summer, when another fight brought them back to square one, panting, sweaty and dishevelled against a wall as they came down from the high of their orgasm. This time it wasn't something that Glorfindel could ignore. Few days later, when he tried to talk to her about it she snarled back to him that there was nothing to talk about. More fighting ensued. More lusty sweaty sex. And it wasn't the last time. Snow came early, and the mountain pass became soon impracticable, which got the woodland elves stuck in Imlàdris for many more months than expected. The Lady was extremely annoyed, and edgy, worried about her homeland. She knew that it was well protected, but she would have felt much better if she were there at her post. To relieve the tension she and her people felt, she asked if she could train her guard alongside Rivendell's own. Elrond gladly gave permission, and Glorfindel found himself around her more often that he would have liked. That the training style of her guard was so different from his own wasn't anything if not unhelpful in relieving the tension amongst the two of them. Many more times they found themselves fighting over small details, and the more childish and petty the fight were, the more likely they were to end up clasping to each other in a dark corner. Glorfindel had to admit it was staring to affect him in a different way than he perhaps would have liked. He found himself throwing glances at her. Noticing the soft curve of her waist under the formal gown she wore on some evenings, the full one of her chest held tight by her training attire. The delicate line of her neck, the thickness of her dark hair, a trait that he knew came from her Noldo mother, rather than from her Sindar father. He found himself more likely to ignore a snarly remark, and less likely to throw the first one. And she also started to be less feisty and maybe more accommodating. Everyone in the household seemed to notice it, and Glorfindel found himself being complimented about finally acting like an adult by Erestor. But it was Gildor who planted the seed of doubt. It figured, his old friend had always been a very good observer, and knew him very well. He apparently had been studying his friend for a while, and had noticed more subtle changes in him than simply avoiding aggressive confrontation. All it took was a simple question. "She looks beautiful tonight, doesn't she?" he had asked, joining Glorfindel one night in the Hall of Fire during a celebration. And the golden elf, without thinking, had found himself answering that yes, yes she did, before realising the implications of it. He had avoided her for a while after the realizations of that evening, leaving the twins in charge of everyday training, and scouting more often than