Warning: Beating, mild rape scene (Literally two sentences describing it) Katniss Everdeen treaded quickly through the darkened streets to her apartment. It was late enough at night. This part of Manhattan wasn't safe at any time of day, especially after dark, and was particularly dangerous for a woman who lived alone. Katniss was well aware of this, but she was broke and the rent was cheap. Plus, the commute wasn't all that bad. It was Saturday night, or early Sunday morning rather, and Katniss had off the next day, and she was thankful for that. After twelve hour shifts three days in a row, it was needed. The typical streetwalkers, drug dealers, and gang members lined the alleyways and back roads. Plenty were hidden under burned out street lamps, entryways into unoccupied stores. Katniss' friend Gale had taught her how to get away from these people when they approached her, he said to give them her purse and run, and which places to avoid altogether. Gale usually walked her home, in fact. But tonight was the only night in the week that he worked into the morning and she had off. He lived on the same floor as her though, and he always checked in on Katniss when he got home. He did have a key after all. She pulled her coat across her chest. It was November, but there was an undeniable chill in the dry air. Plus, her knit sweater and jeans didn't do much to ward of the cold. Her brisk pace brought her closer and closer to the apartment. In fact, she was just a block away when the man approached her. His tall, wide frame towered over her small, thin one. He had blond hair, and would probably be considered good looking by most, but the first that crossed Katniss' mind was monstrous. He appeared cocky, and his eyes had a dangerous glint in them. "Hey, baby," He cooed, placing a firm grip on her shoulder. "If you want my money, just take it. I don't have time for this, not this late at night," Katniss said coldly. In her mind, she was rehearsing the tips Gale had given her, especially if he tried to hurt her. Give him the money. The eyes, the balls, the nose were all good targets. Don't let him get your wrists. He laughed, but his voiced lacked any warmth. "Nah, that's not what I want." His grip on her shoulder tightened when she tried to shake his hand off. Katniss got the worst kind of chills as he whispered, "What I want is you." Oh, Was all Katniss' mind could muster in that moment. Rapes weren't an uncommon occurrence in the neighborhood, Katniss could name a few woman whom she knew in passing that were victims of the act. But she never expected this for her. Being mugged, yes, but raped? For some reason she never even thought of the danger the act posed on her, even living in this neighborhood. But as one calloused hand was placed on her shoulder and the other was trailing up and down her left arm, the threat was all too real. "I'm alright for now," She said evenly. Katniss was surprised that her voice didn't quiver in the slightest. His laugh was airier than the one before. "Alright, alright. You're not the only girl out so late." And just like that, he let her go. Katniss was so shocked that he let off, just like that, that she stood, gaping at him for a few moments before practically running to her apartment. In all of her giddiness in being freed, Katniss didn't notice the figure following her. He waited until he could see that the bitch was no longer on the first floor through the locked, glass front door. How dare she, how dare that stupid piece of trash refuse him. He had let her go at first, sure, but that was his plan. He had learned that by giving them hope, they were easier to crush. He back peddled a few feet so he could see the sign he was looking for, his green light to proceed. Sure enough, within a couple of minutes, soft yellow light poured from two windows on the third floor, specifically the east side of the building. As luck would have it, he would have no need to break into a side door. The window was right next to the fire escape. Katniss practically flung herself on the couch after leaving her compulsory voice mail for Gale after telling him she was home, and safe. He was probably still working, even though almost two in the morning by now. She knew that when she would tell Gale about her run in with this stranger, he wouldn't let her walk home alone for a long time. If he would have to work, she'd imagine he'd arrange for an escort. Yes, Gale was quite overprotective of her, and she him. But they were practically all the other had. Both lost their fathers at a young, both had to look after their families at tender ages. Both knew that if they hadn't had the other, they would have gotten into some bad stuff. Katniss had a weight on her shoulder at fourteen- her mother had to go away for a few months, it wasn't until later she learned that her mother had in-patient depression treatment, but when her mother finally left, it was more of a relief than anything. Before her mother had checked herself in, all she did was sit on the couch all day, staring into space. Katniss forged her mother's signature on things for hers and Prim's school, learned how to do bills, took condolence calls. But, there was only so much a teenager could do- they were threatened with eviction, swimming in debt, and on top of that, Katniss had to tend to her sister, Primrose. She did her best making the both of them look presentable (subsequently keeping the foster home threat a minimal), but with their water, electricity and cable shut off, there was only so much she could do. It was a Tuesday in March; Katniss had no money, and hadn't eaten anything substantial for weeks. The last things she and Prim had eaten for the past week were the chicken fingers and drink the schools supplied for the kids who didn't bring lunch.. She was wandering allies, looking for garbage cans in the snow with edible food, streets with money, anything. She was in the loading area behind a few stores, the scent of breads had lured Katniss in. She searched the garbage can for any edible breads, but before she could, a woman came outside and screamed at her, a stupid brat, to stay out of her trash. In her dazed state, Katniss recognized the woman as Mrs. Mellark, a boy in her class' mother. She was quite a witch, and would snap at the children when she was a lunch mother, and was always curt when Katniss would stop in the bakery with her father. She never really knew Peeta, they had spoken scare of two words to each other in all of their years in school together. He seemed nice enough, but was always surrounded by a large group of kids, who always appeared to be laughing when Peeta spoke. Katniss was something of a loner in school, so it made sense that they never really got to know each other. In those next moments, though, he was her savior. He had come out to ask his mother what the problem was when he saw Katniss. She shuffled him back inside, but not before he shared a pointed look with her, his blue orbs burning into her gray ones. She felt so dejected after this encounter that she slumped next to the garbage cans and let the teas fall freely down her face. She had failed. Her house was falling apart, her mother was on the crazy train, and her sister and herself were emaciated. There was no hope, nothing left to live for. For more than a fleeting moment, she wondered if she would die there in the snow, like the scum of the earth. Something happened that she didn't expect. There was shouting, which she barely registered, footsteps she didn't hear, and a blurry Peeta Mellark standing over her. She hadn't noticed the pure hurt in his eyes until she recalled the event later on. He wasn't hurt because of his mother, physically yes, but not emotionally at the moment. No, he was hurting for her. He was feeling her, a concept completely foreign to Katniss. She didn't realize her was handing her a large white bag until he gently touched her shoulder. "Katniss," He breathed. She looked up at him, so helpless, so fragile, and in that moment she saw something in him that stirred something she no longer thought possible; hope. He was the epitome of hope, and he would remain something like a beacon of life later on in her mind: something that represented pure goodness. "Thank you," She whispered quietly, and took off, not before noticing a dandelion; the first of spring. When she got home, she opened the bag to find four loaves of nutty, raisiny bread, and a neat twenty bill tucked in the bottom. It was later that night that she called her Aunt Twill to come and help the situation at home. She helped with the bills, got her mother admitted, and after that night she went out to look for work, when she found Gale Hawthorne. He was trying to help provide for his family too, and though in the beginning he always complained of what a nuisance she was, he let her stick around and do odd jobs with her. They had a bond ever since. Katniss was snapped out of her reverie to the sound of broken glass. It was quite loud, quite clear, and obviously very near. She turned around to see a dark figure climbing in her window, and froze in fear. Two things in one night, how lucky could this girl get? Whoever this person was, he couldn't see she was home. She darted under the dining room table, the only place to hide. The figure paced around the apartment, searching for something specific. She wondered what it was he was looking for. In her frozen state, Katniss imagined being able to reach one of the cutting knives in her kitchen. If he found her, she needed to protect herself. She just had to. Her breathing was low, even, unperceivable. Maybe she would be safe. Katniss' breathing hitched when two legs appeared in front of her. Would he see her? She had so many questions, fears. Adrenaline was pulsing through her veins. She could feel her heartbeat. Her knees were numb against the old white carpet. It may have been moments or years, she didn't know, but slowly, so slowly, this man lowered himself to her level. She felt faint. It was he. The man from before, the one who came onto her. How had he followed her? Had she really been so daft as not to see that he had followed her? He got into her apartment, how was she so incompetent? These thoughts were wiped clean from her mind when he spoke. "See, I realized that I just couldn't stay away. You seemed like a spitfire, and I like that." He gave her cool, confident grin. "Sounds about right," Katniss whispered, voice calm. She then proceeded to punch him in the face. He looked more enraged than hurt by the act, Katniss' hand probably had the worse of the two injuries, and while one hand touched his wound, the other grabbed her wrist. "Bitch. Seems I was right about you, girl on fire." He pulled her out from under the table roughly, and grabbed her other wrist. "I don't like