"Gatherfirewood, gather firewood, Make the elf do all the work. Typical dwarf, makes the elf do all the work." Legolas muttered these words while picking up sticks, trying in vain to keep his tunic spotlessly clean. Right after Aragorn's coronation Gimli had declared that he was going camping, and he was taking Legolas with him. Legolas tried hard to reject the invitation, saying that they spent enough time sleeping on hard ground in the rain, and wind, and in the midst of wild animals, and that he was just now getting used to a normal mattress, but it was all for naught. It didn't help that the rest of the fellowship ganged up on him, taking Gimli's side, saying a camping trip would be good for him. Not to mention the fact that Aragorn overheard the conversation and also agreed, and being the new king of Gondor, as soon as he decides something, everybody thinks it has to be done. Then Boromir piped up saying he knew the perfect place, just outside of the city. Of course that made Faramir declare he knew an even better place. They argued for a long while, Boromir saying the he was older and knew way more, and Faramir saying that he found all sorts of new places while Boromir was off gallivanting on quests and such. Legolas hoped that they would argue to the point that they would forget what they were fighting about and the whole idea would be dropped, but it was not to be. They eventually agreed on a spot, in fact the place that Boromir had initially suggested. Therefore Legolas found himself alone in the woods, getting more wood while Gimli stayed back at the camp smoking his pipe. As soon as he had a good armful of wood, Legolas turned to go back to the camp. He hadn't yet gone two steps when he froze. He heard a voice, but what it was saying he couldn't quite believe. Silently he crept towards it. The voice got louder as he got nearer, it seemed to be saying something that sounded like "Squeakity squeak squiggens." That what it sounded like for sure, but what could it possibly mean? And that voice, it sounded familiar. He just then spotted a figure through the trees, it was a man. The man's back was turned towards Legolas, but something about him looked very familiar. And the voice, it sounds like… just then the man turned towards Legolas. "Aragorn?" Legolas said incredulously. Aragorn stood speechless for a moment. Clearly he hadn't expected to meet anyone he knew out in the woods. "Legolas? What are you doing here?" "Camping, remember? The camping trip with Gimli that you didn't help at all to get me out of." "Oh yeah." Aragorn smiled slightly. "How's that going for you?" "I really don't want to talk about three days spent with a dwarf that constantly belches and passes gas and snores louder than a herd of Oliphants. But enough about me, what about you? What are you doing in the middle of the woods alone, and what were you saying just before I showed up. That is a tongue I've never heard before." Aragorn looked a little embarrassed. "Would you let it go if I told you that it was top secret information for the king and no one else to know?" Legolas shook his head slightly. Aragorn sighed. "I didn't think so. To be honest, I was gathering information. You think I'm alone because my friend climbed up the tree before you came into view." "Your friend? Who is he? And how would he know I was there, I can see further and am quieter than any other creature in existence." "You may find this near impossible to believe, but elves do not have the best vision. It is a little known fact that squirrels have the best vision ever." "Squirrels?" Legolas said, shock laced into his voice. "Did I just hear you say squirrels?" "You did." Aragorn answered. "It's okay Squeaky, come down." "Sqeaky? Sqeaky? You have a friend who's a squirrel and his name's Squeaky? " There was a scurrying in the leaves before a face popped out. "Squiggens." The furry face said. "Squiggens is the general greeting among squirrels. It is the first word you learn when you start studying their language." Legolas was getting frustrated. "Their language? Squirrels have their own language? Squirrels are just dumb forest animals, they don't speak!" As soon as the words came out of his mouth fur flew in. It didn't take Legolas long to realize that Squeaky had shoved his tail into Legolas' mouth. The squirrel then started beating Legolas' head and chest with his tiny, clawed fists. The elf grabbed the squirrel and pulled him off himself. "I'm sorry, okay, I didn't mean it! Uh, how do you say that in Squirrel, uh squeakers squiggidy squeam…" The squirrel sunk his teeth into Legolas' hand, causing the elf to drop him. Squeaky then shot up the trunk of the tree and sat on a branch just out of Legolas' reach, shouting words at him that Legolas had a feeling were not words that they say in front of their squirrel children. "He bit me!" Legolas yelled, holding his bleeding finger in his other hand. "He better not have rabies! Aragorn, Aragorn? Where are you?" Looking around he spotted his friend lying on the ground, laughing hysterically. "Stop it!" Legolas shouted. Aragorn ignored him and continued laughing. "You were just cussed out by a squirrel, that was definitely the funniest thing I ever saw!" Aragorn chocked the words out between laughter. "I was just attacked by a savage squirrel and your sitting here laughing at me?" Legolas shouted, which made Aragorn laugh that much louder. "Watch what you say about Squeaky, you don't want another beating do you?" Legolas clutched his bloody hand close and looked up suspiciously at the branch where the squirrel was still muttering under his breath. "Now," Aragorn said, "To get back to what we were talking about before you started insulting my friend here, just after you and Gimli left the other day, we started hearing rumors about a ghost, a spirit that has taken form in the evilest way possible. It's been wreaking havoc all over Minas Tirith. Squeaky is one of the best spies in the forest, I figured if anybody had information in would be him." "Well, did he?" "He did. In fact he spoke with this ghost. He was just being friendly and the ghost was extraordinarily rude to him. He knew from that moment the extent of evilness that lay in this creature." "You said it took an evil form. What was the form?" "It was a -" Just then Aragorn looked over Legolas' shoulder and saw something. "DEMON LLAMA!" He screamed. "RUN!" They took off running as Squeaky ran up the tree and started jumping from tree to tree using the top branches. They ran non-stop all the way back to the city gates. As soon as they were safe they fell on the ground breathing heavily. Suddenly Legolas sat up. "Gimli!" He cried. "I left him out there all by himself with the demon llama!" "He'll be okay," Aragorn said. "Squeaky will warn him." "Squeaky is a squirrel. Without you to translate Gimli will just think that it's an angry squirrel that lost it's acorn." "Gimli speaks squirrel." "Gimli speaks squirrel? Squirrels speak, you speak their language, and now Gimli does too? This is too much." Legolas moaned as he sunk back down holding his head between his bloody fingers. After they rested for a short while they went into the hall to meet with Aragorn's counsellors to discuss what needed to be done about the evil llama ghost. Nobody could agree with what needed to happen, they spent hours arguing the best methods for protecting the city, how they could kill the llama, and where or why they were under attack by a demon llama in the first place. Just as they got to the height of the argument, the door swung open and they all spun around to see who was there. The outer guard stood there holding a small snivelling man by the back of his shirt. "Wormtongue!" Exclaimed Aragorn. "You were banished from Edoras, and you dare show your face here! Speak!" "We-ell," Wormtongue stuttered. "You see, this guy in red popped up on my one shoulder and told me that I should go ahead with the plan, but this guy in white came and reminded me that you saved my life in Rohan, and I figured he had a point so I came here to save yours." "What? Guys in red and white? I have no idea what your talking about, but never mind. What's this plan you speak of?" "The plan to take over Middle-earth. Avenge the fact that you won the war and killed Sauron, basic things like that. I mean, he was the puppet of Sauron and when Sauron died his strings were cut, so to speak. So he started taking things into his own hands." "You keep saying 'he', you mean Saruman, correct?" "Yes, and the other guy was mad at you, so he made a deal with my master. His allegiance for your throne." "My throne? Who is this that is mad at me and wants my throne?" "You know, that guy you replaced." "You mean Denethor?" "Yeah! That's him. He's pretty furious, you know, what with you coming and claiming the throne and all." "Hmm, I knew he had gone pretty insane, but I didn't think to the point of taking back the throne." Aragorn sighed. "But one thing still confuses me, how does the llama fit into all of this?" "Rath Dinen." Wormtongue said. "The graveyard?" "Yes. You've seen Isildur's tomb of course. Have you ever wondered about the strange patterns etched there?" "Well, yes, of course. People for generations have been trying to decipher the meaning of it." "It is words in the ancient language of squirrel." "Squirrel?" Legolas piped up. "But you speak squirrel, Aragorn." Aragorn shook his head. "I speak it, yes, but I have never learned the written form." "Well," Wormtongue continued. "The writing basically says that within lies the key to Middle Earth. Based on a prophesy Saruman believes the key unlocks a chest. A chest that is in the very halls of Minas Tirith. Inside the chest is a scroll that contains the secret to the power over Middle Earth." "I'm still not getting why there's a llama involved." "Underneath the writing there is two notches, right beside each other. Looks an awful lot like a llama footprint, doesn't it?" "Yes it does, I never thought about that before." "The footprint is basically a keyhole. If you insert the foot of a llama into it, it triggers something inside, and a panel pops open. Inside is the key to the chest." "Ai," Legolas said. "Isildur had some obsession with squirrels." "And llamas." Agreed Gimli who had come in some time before. "He must have been quite crazy." Legolas laughed, "So that's where Ara-" His words were cut short by a glare from Aragorn. "If we can be serious for a moment," Aragorn said, looking meaningfully at the dwarf and elf. "We can figure out what to do about this." "We need the llama so we can get the key before Saruman does." Stated Eomer. "There's one more thing…" Wormtongue said. "That is no ordinary llama. It's-" "Denethor." Gandalf's voice boomed from the door. Everybody looked at him quizzically. "The llama is Denethor." Wormtongue nodded in agreement. "Where is he?" Aragorn asked Gandalf. "Why I let him into the city." Gandalf responded. "I knew that it wasn't an ordinary llama, it was acting far too queer for that, so I cast a spell to turn it into it's true form. And it turned out to be Denethor. I knew he