Aftermath Takes place directly after the Battle of Hogwarts. May 1998 A.N. For the sake of my own sanity, if no one else's, I've decided to let Fred live as well as Lupin and Tonks; there's only so much disappointment we can take after all. This first chapter is just to explain the AU I'm setting up, so, date wise, it takes place over the whole month of May. Standing on the stone bridge in the ruins of the battle, Harry turned to Ron and Hermione in time to see them give him two identical, exhausted smiles. "There's one other thing I need to," he told them. "What's that?" Hermione asked, furrowing her brow. "...The Shrieking Shack...I've got to go back." "What for?!" Ron exclaimed. "Snape," Harry answered solemnly, "I can't just...leave him there," he said. "Why not?" the red head scoffed. "...It's complicated," he sighed, "But...trust me..." "Harry," Hermione began, "I know...no one deserved to die like that...but he was a Death Eater...he's..." "No, he wasn't!" Harry cried. "If I hadn't seen it for myself, I wouldn't believe it either, but he really wasn't. He was a spy just like Dumbledore always said he was. He gave me his memories...I saw it all. He...risked his life for me everyday...and I never knew." "Are you for real?" Ron asked, shocked. "Yeah," his friend nodded, in a similar tone. "I'll show you the memories...as soon as we get him back," he said. "Alright," Hermione nodded and together, they walked slowly to the Shrieking Shack with Harry telling them exactly what he'd seen in the Pensive. At the same time, Minerva McGonagall, headmistress of Hogwarts, walked the halls of the ruined castle, surveying the damage as people did their best to care for the wounded. She watched with a shake of her head, as Argus Filtch, stubbornly kept trying to sweep away the piles of rubble, many of which were were twice his height. He would never ask anyone for help, she knew, especially not when they would need to use magic to. Not many knew it, save for those to have been the head of the school, or perhaps those who had read 'Hogwarts; A History,' but the building was alive. It had been imbued with the magic of each person to walk it's halls and it had taken on a life of its own, so to speak. She knew that once Snape had fled from the school and she had more or less pointed herself as headmistress, that she would be able to communicate, so to speak, with the castle. However, she had been surprised to learn that it hadn't happened straight away and then it hadn't lasted long either. Minerva had heard the castle's whispered for a short space of time and then it had all vanished like smoke. She couldn't understand it and so she went in search of one man who would. "I don't understand it, Albus," she said to the portrait in her office, "You yourself said that the castle talked to you." "It did," Albus Dumbledore's painted visage replied calmly. "For how long?" "Since I became headmaster...until the moment that I died." "It didn't...just stop?" "Never." "Then why can't I hear it?" "This upsets you?" "It confuses me. I haven't had the chance to question it before now but...I know it's hardly the most pressing issue to be dealt with considering the circumstances..." "It's not normal though," one of the other portraits replied, "The voice...its presence...it should be there in your mind." "There must be a reason," Armando Dippet remarked. "Oh, there's a reason," Dumbledore said, "There must be." "And? What is it?" Phineas Black demanded. "I couldn't say," he answered, "Not yet. Perhaps it has something to do with damage to the castle." Professor McGonagall only sighed as the portraits began to be debate, rather loudly, amongst themselves and they seemed to forget that she was even there. The Shrieking Shack, no matter whether it was morning or noon or even a bright night, always seemed to be a place which detested light. It was a loathsome place of creaking floorboards, of dust and grime and mould and now, for the time being, it was also the resting place of Severus Snape. "He loved my mum, y'know," Harry stated, "He did all this...everything...because he still loved her...after all this time." "Dumbledore always said...that love's the most powerful emotion," she replied sadly. "He was right," he said, "He was right," Harry muttered as they came into the room. It was as they'd left it but to Harry, at least, so much had changed. The blood that covered the floorboards wasn't that of a vicious Death Eater, it was the blood of an extremely brave man who had loved a woman to such an extent that it had changed the very fabric of his being. "I still can't believe it," Ron whispered, "Snape was good...all this time." "I've got to tell them...everyone...about Snape, about what he did...or else he'll just be remembered as another Death Eater...as the man who...killed Dumbledore. He doesn't deserve that." "No...he doesn't," Hermione agreed. Harry took a deep, shaky breath before turning his attention, reluctantly, back to Snape and a trail of tears began to trickle down from his eyes. He'd thought that there wasn't much left he could lose in the war, he'd already lost his parents, Sirius, Dumbledore and so many others and now he'd lost a protector that he'd never even known he had. Snape had been the bravest of them all to do what he'd done for so long and he'd never received any thanks or praise. It was no wonder the Potions Master had been so irate and solitary when he'd been living the life of a double agent with his life hanging by a thread. "Well...erm...how're we gonna..." Ron said, taking a breath, "I mean, who's...who's going to..." "...I'll do it," Harry announced, taking out his wand slowly moving to kneel beside Snape so that he could apparate back to the castle; the anti apparating wards having been destroyed in the battle. "Harry, wait!" Hermione exclaimed quickly, pushing her friend's arm back quickly. "What?!" "He just...professor Snape...I thought he just...I thought I saw him..." "Hermione, the man had his throat cut and he was bit by a snake, you don't just...ah, I mean..." Ron said, but stopped when she, diplomatically, chose to elbow the red head in the stomach. At the same time, Harry examined the pale and bloodied face of the Potions Master and indeed, he saw a weak, shallow movement in the severed throat. A quiet, almost inaudible noise, like air through a blocked straw, escaped from between dry lips and Harry let out a disbelieving scoff. "He is..." he breathed, "He's alive...look, he's breathing!" he took hold of Snape's bloodied arm. "Don't apparate!" Hermione cried quickly. "Why? I need to get him back to the castle...the hospital wing...Madam Pomfrey..." "Apparating takes a toll on the body, Harry, and...well...look at him...I don't think he'll survive if you apparate him anywhere." "Well, by the time I've levitated him all the way back he could die anyway!" he replied hastily. "I don't have a choice," he said, gently placing his hand on the man's shoulder and disaparating without another word. Harry brought them straight to the hospital wing and he was instantly followed by his friends. He looked quickly for the matron but amidst the sea of people running about the room, it was all but impossible. There had been so many casualties that the hospital wing was overrun and every room, regardless of its state was being used to either hold the dead or to treated the wounded. The hospital staff were clearly overtaxed and anyone who had even a basic knowledge of healing was being put to use. One person that his eyes alighted on and how spotted him in turn, was professor McGonagall and she ran over to them at once, her robes billowing behind her. "Potter!" she exclaimed in shock on seeing just who her student had arrived with, "What on earth..." "Please, professor...it's Snape...he he needs help..." "Now wait just a minute..." "We don't have a minute!" "I..." "He's dying...please, I'll explain, just...help him..." She threw her hands in the air, acquiescing with a sigh as she took out her wand and levitated the dark haired man as Harry ran ahead to search for the matron. "Minerva!" the matron herself frowned when she and Harry finally found her. "I've been promised an explanation, Poppy, in the meantime, please...do what you can for him." "I..." "Please," Harry begged her and seemingly, her reluctance was swayed enough to do so. Hours passed and after many strong spells and potions, Harry watched as the movements of Madam Pomfrey which had at the start been rapid and quick, became sluggish and weak. Snape hadn't woken once and Harry supposed that was a good thing. Finally, he turned to professor McGonagall, who hadn't left Harry's side in the last half hour. "The Pensive in your office, I left it out...I saw Snape's memories in it, there'll still be there, won't they?" he asked. "I...don't see why not, but I..." "Watch them," he said, "Just...watch them...and you'll understand," he told her and she nodded, turning to leave without a word. When she returned, it was with stray tears running down her aged face. She placed a hand on Harry's shoulder and smiled slightly in understanding at him. "I expect," she began slowly, "Once the Ministry discovers that Severus lives...they'll want to arrest him. I'll see that it doesn't happen." "Thanks, professor." Remus Lupin sat beside the love of his life, Nymphadora Tonks and held his infant son in his arms. They, like many before them had tried and failed to coax Harry out of the hospital wing. It seemed that everyone, in such a short amount of time, was now fully aware of what Severus Snape had done. Secrets in Hogwarts never did stay secret for long. Harry didn't particularly care in this instance though. The more people that knew the better, in his opinion. "Harry, we'll send for you if Severus wakes," he said. "And we won't let anyone take him away," Tonks added. "I can't just leave," Harry shook his head. "Madam Pomfrey doesn't even know if he'll wake up, and if he does I doubt it's going to be any time soon," the purple haired woman told him, ignoring the reproachful glare from Remus. "And...I really think you need a bath, and a change of clothes and a..." "I get it," Harry sighed, "But I'm still not leaving." Kingsley Shacklebolt appeared to be in charge of rounding up the defeated Death Eaters and his job was almost complete. He and a group of Aurors hovered at the entrance to the hospital Wing as they prepared to arrest the last remaining within. "Hello, Harry," the tall man said slowly. "Shacklebolt," Harry inclined his head, sitting up slightly. "You know why we're here?" he asked and Harry nodded, "Then please, don't make this..." "I guess people've already told you about what he did...and why." "Somewhat, but that doesn't change the fact that Severus was a Death Eater. It doesn't excuse any of his crimes. He needs to answer for them..." "He has already! He almost died, he could still die!" "Kingsley," Minerva spoke calmly, entering the room. "I don't believe you've seen the evidence exonerating our headmaster," she said. "I'm sorry...the headmaster?" the man frowned. "Come with me," she said, leading him away. "Albus," Kingsley stared up at the portrait of the former headmaster. "Hello, Kingsley, my dear friend," the old man smiled. "It's good to see you," Kingsley said, "But I will be needing an explanation." "Of course, down to business. I always did admire that about you...and Severus," Dumbledore smiled. "Where should I start?" he asked. When they returned some minutes later, the older man waved a hand at the attentive Aurors who exchanged