A/N: Greetings readers! I have recently updated all of the chapters present, as I have learned more about the Elvish language since originally uploading the chapters. I've gone through the whole story and replaced all of the flawed Elvish with what it should be, and given handy translations at the ends of sentences. As always, I own nothing you recognize from either book or film, despite wishing heartily that I did. Basically anything familiar belongs to J.R.R Tolkien and his estate. Not many original characters abound, save for our leading lady, Luthiel. I hope you enjoy the edits, and leave reviews! It is said some lives are linked across time, connected by an ancient calling that echoes through the ages… Prologue~ Descendant (August 1, 3000 III) The sky throughout the Shire had just begun to be painted with the colors of dusk when a single horse and rider was spotted flying across the plains. The horse rode as swiftly as an eagle flies, and the rider faltered not once as the pair neared Buckland. On the borders of Buckland, the Dúnedain were well aware of the pair that hastened towards them. Halbarad, the second in command of the Dúnedain, ordered for a perimeter. When the rider was half a league from the entrance of the forest, Halbarad ordered his riders out to surround him. The rider didn't slow his pace as the twelve Dúnedain surrounded him on their horses, but he kept riding with all haste until he reached the entrance to the forest, where Halbarad stood with twenty other men, wielding bows notched with arrows, ready to fire. "Halt! I am Halbarad, Captain of these lands! State your purpose quickly or find an arrow in your chest." "Surely it has not been so long that you do not recognize a friend," the rider said, drawing back his hood. There, before all of the Rangers present, was Aragorn son of Arathorn, Chieftain of the Dúnedain. Those standing took a knee, bowing to their Chieftain, while those on horseback bowed their heads. "Forgive me Chieftain, I did not think to look for you. Please, break your journey for but a few words." Halbarad said to his friend and leader. Aragorn shook his head, dismounting. "I am afraid I cannot, old friend. I stop but for one thing," Aragorn said, moving his riding cloak so that those around him could see what he carried. There, lying contently in his arms, was a small bundle of fine silk. Halbarad drew closer and watched as Aragorn removed some of the silk, revealing an infant with slightly tipped ears. "M-my Lord?" Halbarad asked, confused and nervous. "Halbarad, I have a task for you." "Yes my Lord?" "I ask you to raise this child. Will you keep her secret, keep her safe? Will you be able to lie to this child?" "M-my Lord…I do not think I understand?" "Halbarad," Aragorn said seriously, his grey eyes locking onto those of his lieutenant, "Take my daughter, and see to it that she knows nothing of her origins." he said darkly. Halbarad's eyes widened and he shook his head. "M-my Lord…y-your what? Surely…but the lady Arwen…" he muttered. "Halbarad!" Aragorn thundered. Halbarad was drawn from his musings by his Chieftain's bark and the sound of the child starting to wail. He turned to Aragorn and met his eyes. The Chieftain's eyes were bleary with unshed tears, and there was such a look of pleading, of begging in the green depths that Halbarad was startled. "Please…" Aragorn rasped. "Please my friend…she cannot know. She must never know. The days are dark of late. This is…for her own good." he said, looking away from Halbarad's eyes and away from his fretting child. He began to whisper to the girl and rock her gently, trying to quell her tears. Halbarad reached forward and Aragorn hesitantly placed the babe into his arms. "If by my life or death I must carry out your order, my Chieftain…I will." he said, tenderly wrapping the girl back in her silken bundle. It was no blanket she was swaddled in, but a fine Elvish cloak. "T-thank you…thank you, Halbarad." Aragorn choked out. He looked to the child once more and touched the bundle with the utmost love and care. Halbarad looked down at the baby and couldn't imagine the pain the Chieftain was experiencing at having to give up his child. "Lúthiel," Aragorn said. "Chieftain?" Halbarad asked softly. "Lúthiel…her name is Lúthiel, for her ancestor who gave her immortality for the mortal man she loved." Aragorn looked up at the sky in sorrow. Never had he imagined such a pain. She was only three months old, and the thought of loving someone so much after so little time bewildered him. "Yes, Chieftain…I know the story. I shall guard her with my life, and treat her as though she were my own. But—with all due respect my Lord—you truly wish for her to know nothing of you, of her mother?" "Nothing, Halbarad. She can know nothing of where she comes from. If the enemy…I can't even think what would happen should the enemy find not one heir of Numenor, but two. No Halbarad, she must grow in ignorance of her origins." "Yes, my Lord. Will you never come to see her then?" "No, Halbarad, I shall come see her. I shall be her Chieftain as I am yours, nothing more. Nothing more…" Aragorn said, pain painted on his features as he turned from his child. "I must go now, before—I must go." he said gruffly, climbing atop his steed. As he saluted his Dúnedain, he looked down at Halbarad. "See that she is loved, Halbarad. That is all I ask. Loved and protected." "Yes, Chieftain, I won't fail you, or Lady Arwen." With that, Halbarad bowed and Aragorn was off. As he watched his Chieftain ride off, Halbarad held the infant girl in his arms and wondered about the future of the girl. Lúthiel … (May 1, 3007 III) "Hab?" the young Lúthiel asked from where she was perched in the saddle in front of Halbarad. He smiled at the nickname she had called him all her life and nodded. "Yes Lúthiel?" "Where are we going?" "We are going to Imladris, the realm of the Elves." "Why are we going to the Elves?" Lúthiel asked, though not without a small amount of elation and joy. Long had she been fascinated by the stories of Elves and eagles, of dragons and of dwarves in their caves. Halbarad had read to her since the first night he had her, not knowing what else to do with an infant. "The Chieftain's mother, Lady Gilraen…she has died." "The Chieftain has a mother?" she asked incredulously. She had never met the Chieftain but she had heard all the stories that Halbarad could tell her of him. The riders around them chuckled lightly. "Yes little one, he did." "Is he sad, Hab?" "I expect so, but that does not mean you must be sad. When we think of death, we should think of peace, little one." For a time, Lúthiel was silent and Halbarad was at peace as well. Then, she began to stir and fidget on the horse. "Hab?" "Yes Lúthiel?" Halbarad sighed good-naturedly. "Was Lady Gilraen an Elf? I thought Elves don't die?" "No, Lady Gilraen was not an Elf. And yes, Elves can die. They are immortal, Lúthiel, which means they will live forever should nothing mortally harm them. Elves do not die of old age." "I would like to be an Elf I think." Lúthiel said, and resituated herself in the saddle. "Living so long…I bet I'd have some wonderful adventures." "Aye, I supposed you would." Halbarad answered, subdued. Lúthiel began to fiddle with the skirt of the dress Halbarad had forced her into after much arguing. He had argued long and hard to get her into a pair of slippers or boots, but had lost that battle. The child was forever running around bare of foot. Halbarad closed his eyes tightly for a moment and then shook his head just slightly. "Captain," Halbarad looked up from his musings to find a host of Elves standing to greet them before the gates of Imladris. " Mae govannen, mellyn nín . [Welcome, my friends.]" said a tall Elf with dark hair. "Who is he, Hab?" Lúthiel whispered, clutching at Halbarad's arms for safety amidst these strangers. "I am Lord Elrond of Rivendell. Please, allow us to accompany you into the city so your horses might be tended to." the Elf said cordially. He kept looking at Lúthiel though, with a strange blankness that made her feel self-conscious. "Come Lúthiel, let us go see the Chieftain and the Elves." Halbarad said, offering her his arms so that she might slide from the saddle instead of jump. She gladly took his offer and he continued to hold her hand as they walked into the city lead by the Elves. "Chieftain," Halbarad and the other Dúnedain said as the Chieftain came into view. They all took a knee before the tall man, and Lúthiel followed suit, or did the best she could in a dress. "My friends, please stand." Aragorn spoke gently. He had barely noticed who all had come, for his eyes had gone straight to the girl beside Halbarad. When she stood from kneeling, he saw her full height. She was tall for her age, long-limbed and awkward, as he had been at that age. Her hair was long and midnight-black, falling to her shoulder blades in twisted curls and waves. He noticed she was barefoot, which made him want to smile. She had neat, straight dark eyebrows that raised inquisitively at him, and her eyes…her eyes were the same grey as his own. "My Lord, may I present my charge, Lúthiel Lómelindi. Lúthiel, this is Aragorn, son of Arathorn, Chieftain of the Dúnedain." Halbarad said, standing and placing a hand on Lúthiel's shoulder. Again, she knelt in respect, but stood again to look up into her father's face. "I know your face." she said, dark brows knitting in confusion. "And how is that, little one?" Aragorn asked, kneeling himself so that she was his equal in height. "In my dreams. I have seen you with a white tree, a green stone, and a sword once broken." Lúthiel said, staring into the grey-green depths of her father's eyes. Aragorn stood, unable to be so close to her without touching her. "Well, I have seen you in my dreams as well little one. You are just as beautiful now that I see you, as you were in those dreams." Lúthiel smiled at Aragorn and she slid her hand into his. "I'm sorry your mother died, Lord Chieftain. I don't have a mother either." she said. "I…" Aragorn was stunned at the young girl's empathy. It pained him more than his own mother's death to think that his daughter didn't know her mother. It pained him more still to be so close to her, touching her, and not being able to tell her everything. "Thank you, little flower. Halbarad, will you walk with me for a bit?" "Who will watch over Lúthiel?" "I shall, if you wish." a voice said. Aragorn and Halbarad turned to see a tall, handsome Elf with golden hair, all clad in the colors of the forest. "Legolas, your presence brings me joy. Hannon lle, mellon nín . [Thank you, my friend.]" Aragorn said, clasping the Elf's forearm with his hand. Legolas greeted him the same way and bent his head to him. "I am sorry for your loss, mellon nín ." "Halbarad, this is Legolas, Prince of Mirkwood, an old friend of mine. Legolas, this is Halbarad, Captain of the Dúnedain." Halbarad bowed to the Prince, and Lúthiel watched the tall blonde Elf in awe. He bowed to Halbarad in turn, even though he was a Prince. "Your hair is golden, not dark like the other Elves here. Why?"