The Long Night by Garnet Took What was the worst weather Merry ever saw in the Shire? The Long Night Garnet Took Author's Notes: 1. My starter question for this was, "What was the worst weather Merry ever saw in the Shire?" 2. Some elements of this story are drawn from actual events that took place on June 17/18, 1992 and September 20, 2002. All events themselves are fictional. Disclaimer: I do not own these characters. I've only spent the last several years thinking about them, so please don't sue. Turnips have more than I do. Merry shut the front door of the house at Crickhollow. He wiped his brow as he walked back down the hall. He couldn't remember a day quite this hot this early in the year. It felt more like the middle of Afterlithe than the last week of Astron. He couldn't help but wish for a good rain to cool things down to where they should be. "Is he gone?" came a tired voice as Merry walked into Pippin's bedroom. "Yes," answered Merry. "He's gone, for the moment, but he left a few instructions and a couple of herbal packets for you." "Oh, that's just great," groaned Pippin from his place in the bed. "If it isn't bad enough to be sick, and in this heat, I have to put up with some draught concocted by an over-zealous healer. What were his instructions anyway?" Pippin made a disgusted face. "Well," said Merry, taking a seat on the edge of Pippin's bed, "he said you should rest, drink plenty of cool liquids, especially water, and hope that this is just a bad late Spring cold rather than a last attempt of the Winter Sickness to get you this year." "Oh, I hope it's not that. I couldn't go through that again. I don't think my poor ribs will ever be up to handling all the coughing I did when I had it the last time." "Well, we'll just have to see to it that you never get that sick again. Aragorn did a marvelous job of putting you back together after that troll used you for its last bed, but I don't think he intends for you to test how much your healed ribs can tolerate." Merry smiled and patted Pippin's knee through the light blanket. Now, how does some apple juice, bread and jam sound for tea?" Pippin smiled back at his cousin and nodded. "That sounds good," he said. "Now," said Merry, once tea was done, "the healer said you needed rest; so why don't you close your eyes and take a wee bit of a nap while I go wash up these tea things and get supper started." "A nap sounds nice," Pippin agreed, "now that the sun isn't shining straight through my window. Merry, is it me, or is there no wind at all today?" "No, you're right, Pippin, it's been especially still today. It's oppressive. I hope it rains soon. Hot weather is fine, but not this early. I really feel for those who are trying to get planting done in this. But, don't you worry about the weather, just rest." Merry adjusted Pippin's pillows for him and then headed to the kitchen to deal with cleaning up and getting the next meal started. Merry was just putting the finishing touches on a cold supper when there was a knock at the door. When he opened it, his cousin Ilberic was standing there. "Oh hullo, Ilby. And what brings you all the way out here on such a stifling day? Come in. You must be tired and thirsty." "I can't stay long," answered Ilberic. "I came to deliver a request from your dad. He said he'd feel better if you and Pippin could come spend the rest of this heat wave at the Hall. I guess all the old aunties and such have been complaining something terrible about their old joints acting up, and you know what that means. Now all the old gaffers and gammers are going on about how bad the storm's going to be when it hits. So your dad said he'd feel better if you two were close at hand, you know-if something should happen." "Don't tell me you believe all those old wives tales about people predicting the weather from an achy shoulder or trick knee." "Well," answered Ilberic, staring down at his feet, "I wouldn't probably if I hadn't seen the clouds building in the Northwest as I rode out here. But I'm not going against what my own senses are telling me. I mean, think about it, Merry. It's been so hot and today's been so still. The animals have been restless, and even the trees seem to be getting ready for rain. The leaves are all turned over like they're trying to protect themselves." "A good rain is just what we need about now. Just so long as it's a gentle one. We wouldn't want any of those freshly planted crops washing away, now would we?" Ilberic just shook his head. Merry continued, "I'd love to go to the Hall with you, but Pippin isn't up to the journey right now. He hasn't felt well for the last several days, and the healer wants him to stay in bed. I'm not going to risk taking him out and getting caught in a downpour. We'll be just fine here. Tell my father we'll come for a visit next week. Now you'd better be off home before those clouds you saw roll up here and dump their load of water on your head." Ilberic smiled and nodded as he went to the gate and mounted his pony. "See you in a few days," he called and turned and headed back toward Brandy Hall. Merry took the opportunity to study the sky. The sun, he noticed was beginning to set into what was truly an ominous looking bank of clouds. Hope those are only bringing a good Spring rain. Anything else would not be good for either the Spring crops just planted or the Winter ones yet to be harvested. He knew the harvesters were working extra hard these last few weeks to get the wheat in before the weather got too warm. So much for that plan, he thought as he went back into the house. "How does supper sound?" asked Merry, carrying a laden tray into Pippin's room. "It sounds good, as long as it doesn't have any of that healer's herbs in it." Pippin sat up to survey the contents of the tray. But as he did, he inadvertently let out a little whimper of pain. Merry was at his side instantly. "What's wrong?" he asked anxiously. "Nothing's wrong," answered Pippin, waving away Merry's efforts to help him. "I'm just achy is all. It just seems that all the old breaks, dislocations, strains, sprains and what-have-you are acting up all at the same time. I could blame it on the weather, but it's probably more from my lying around like a slug-a-bed these last few days." Merry smiled and let out a little chuckle at his cousin's words. Pippin, however, noticed that there was a nervous edge to Merry's laughter. "Well, if the clouds are any indication, the weather's going to be changing here in the next few hours. Maybe you'll start feeling better once it does." I wonder what he's worried about now, thought Pippin. But all he said was, "Hopefully you're right, Merry." As they were finishing eating, they heard the first serious gust of wind and the faint, distant rumble of thunder. "I figured it would already be raining by now," Merry commented, clearing away the empty supper tray. "After I go put this back in the kitchen I'll have to take another look outside, and after that I'll make up that tea the healer wants you to have." "Ugh, I was hoping you'd forgot about that." said Pippin. "Not a chance, Peregrin," answered Merry with a smile. The sitting room clock had just struck 9:00 when Pippin noticed the first flash of lightning. Now Pippin had never really liked storms, especially ones at night, but as he got older he had outgrown the unreasoning fear he had had as a child. For some reason, though, he was finding this storm very unsettling. "Merry," he called softly, "would you mind sitting with me till this storm passes?" "I don't mind," said Merry, coming back into Pippin's room from his own where he'd been doing some writing. "To tell the truth, this storm is making me uncomfortable, too. There's just something strange about it. It seems to be moving so slow. Most Summer storms come up, rain and blow themselves out, and move on; but this one seems to be just sitting there-almost like it's waiting on something. It's a good thing I know both Sauron and Saruman are no more, or I'd suspect it to be their doing." "Oh, please don't mention them. I'm nervous enough without evil-incarnate coming into the conversation. Merry, would y..." Before Pippin could finish his sentence, there was an especially bright flash that caused both hobbits to jump. A few seconds later there was a growling rumble of thunder. Still there was no rain. "Merry," Pippin said in a very small voice, "don't leave me. Please." "I'm here as long as you need me," reassured Merry, brushing the sweat-damp curls back from Pippin's forehead. For the next several hours, two nervous and uncomfortable hobbits huddled together in Pippin's bed. Merry tried closing his eyes a few times, but every time he did a flash of lightning or clap of thunder would startle him back to wakefulness. Pippin did finally fall into a light sleep, probably as a result of something in the herbal tea; but his sleep was restless and he cried out or tossed fitfully at the sounds of the storm. Shortly after the middle of the night, both hobbits were jolted wide awake by a flash of lighting immediately followed by a boom of thunder. The next flash-bang had them hugging each other in sheer terror. When Merry managed to look up from where he'd buried his face in Pippin's shoulder, he knew something wasn't right. There was a flickering light outside the window. "Merry," Pippin complained, "my mouth tastes like I just swallowed a penny." "Mine, too," Merry said, getting up to look out the window. "Oh, so that's what happened," he continued as he looked outside. "Lightning hit one of the trees in the garden. Fortunately it's very green so the fire never got a good start. The rain should put it out, if it ever comes." "What does that have to do with the strange taste in my mouth?" asked Pippin. He couldn't see how the two things could possibly be related. "My Granddad once told me," Merry explained, "that if you are very close to where lightning strikes you'll taste it. He didn't know what caused it, but he said that if you had that taste in your mouth after a lightning strike, you should be thankful because it meant you had just been spared a direct hit. So I guess we should thank the Valar we're still here." Pippin gave a weak giggle. He wasn't sure this knowledge was at all comforting. Soon the rain began falling. The wind was blowing so hard now that the rain was being driven in horizontal sheets. The noise was deafening. Then it got even louder as hail began to fall. "Pippin," said Merry, a little more tremulously than he had intended, "I think we might want to get to someplace a little safer than this room. I don't know why, but I have a feeling this storm hasn't dealt it's worst blow yet." "What do you mean," asked Pippin. "It's just a lot of wind and rain. We've seen plenty of that. Of course, the hail isn't going to be good