I do not own any of the places or characters in this story; they are the property of New Line Cinema and the Tolkien Estate. I just fell in love with them many years ago, so please don't sue me. I'm worth less than a turnip. Of Difficulties and Delicate Situations. 1 Pippin sat at the desk in the office of the chief assistant to the Thain, staring at the letter in his hand. In his mind, this couldn't have come at a better time. This would be a chance, probably the last before he became Thain himself, for Diamond and himself to get away from Great Smials for a time. The looks from the relatives, especially the female ones, and the words of the gossips had been wearing on Diamond's nerves for quite a while now, and Pippin had to admit that they were finally getting to him as well. The rumors and the innuendo had been rampant for several months now. Pippin had heard every imaginable scenario that could possibly be conceived of by hobbits. "Well, you know, she's as cold as ice. She doesn't love him, or anyone. She just wants to be the mistress of Great Smials." "I've heard they don't even sleep in the same room." "You know, don't you, that he's got an understanding with one of the barmaids down at the Slippery Eel over in Pincup. When his bed at home gets too cold, he can go see her? I've even heard that they have a daughter together." "I've heard she can't have children." "I've heard neither of them wants a child." "Well, I've heard he's unnatural. You know, he doesn't favor the lasses at all." "I think it's his size. He's so tall, you know, other things have to be large, too. Face it, they just don't fit." These tidbits, as well as others even darker had come to the future Thain's ears. He knew his wife had heard them, too, and it tore at his heart to think that she was being so hurt by people who knew nothing about their personal life. Pippin had spoken to his father about the situation, but there was really nothing that could be done. Took's, by nature, were a talkative lot, and the close living arrangements did nothing to slow this down; in fact, they enhanced it and gave more fodder for the gossips. "Yes," Pippin finally said aloud to himself, "I think a trip to Gondor might be just the thing we need. Aragorn wants me to serve a term as his personal guard, and I can't refuse my king. Diamond can see many of the places I've been, and it will get us away from the busybodies. Plus, to be honest, a talk with Aragorn-the healer- might not be a bad thing." They set out just as spring was beginning to spread over the Shire, and by the time they reached Minas Tirith it felt like high summer to the hobbits; although it was only Thrimidge back home. "Hey," exclaimed Pippin, as they approached the outer walls of the city, "I'll get to celebrate my birthday here again. And this time, it won't be overshadowed by coronations and kingly weddings." Diamond just looked over at him and smiled. Only her Pippin would think of that, when the real reason for being here was much more serious; and, to her way of thinking, frightening, too. She had no idea what her husband would have to face as one of the king's personal guards. And the more she thought about it, the wilder her imaginings became, until she was almost beside herself with fear for him. "Dearest," she finally said, "I have a bit of an odd question: odd to you, maybe, but not to me. Just what are you going to be doing while we're here? I know you're going to be a guard, but, I mean, is it going to be dangerous or anything?" Pippin looked over at his wife and, seeing the fear and doubt in her eyes, realized that he hadn't explained just what it was he did as a Guard of the Citadel. "I'm sorry, Di, I guess I never even thought to explain all this to you. Actually, mostly it's boring. You stand either at the gate of the top most level of the city and question those who wish to enter. Sometimes, you stand guard outside the great hall where the king holds his audiences. And, occasionally, if you're very fortunate, you get to be personal guard to the king himself. This means standing at the foot of the throne and watching all who come before the king to make sure no one tries to do him harm. Actually, love, it's safer than being one of the city guards. They have to deal with all the troublemakers and the drunks. "I'm not saying that there isn't any risks involved, because there can be. Assassins have been known to hide themselves in embassies going before the king, in which case, things can be dangerous. Or, if the king decides to travel, then you have to be extra watchful; especially when the king is Aragorn. He likes to take risks and drive those whose job it is to keep him safe to the brink of insanity. Truth be told, Aragorn is as capable of protecting his guards as they are of protecting him. "Trust me, sweetest, I'll be perfectly safe. And even if something should happen, you've got to remember that Aragorn is also a gifted healer. If he can save a squished hobbit, there's not much he can't put back together." Diamond smiled back at her husband. It was obvious that he was excited to be back doing this job for his king, and she was not going to let her fears ruin that. Upon their arrival in the city, the hobbits were escorted to an immediate audience with the king. Diamond found herself in total awe of everything she was seeing. Pippin's descriptions had not prepared her for the size and grandeur of this place. Pippin sensed his wife's discomfort and tried to ease her with his native levity. "Well, it certainly has grown," he said, looking at the White Tree. "I may have to try to climb it on this visit. It wasn't much taller than Aragorn when we left for home, and now even he could sit up there and enjoy the view." Diamond's jaw dropped. "You aren't even thinking about doing such a thing. Are you?" Pippin chuckled. "You should have seen your face, my dear. If that got such a look from you, I may just have to try it on Aragorn. Actually, I believe climbing the White Tree is a capital offense, so, no, I won't risk my life on such a stunt." Suddenly and quietly the doors before them opened to reveal the throne room of the High King of Gondor and Arnor. "Enter, and be welcomed, dear friends," Came the king's voice from the far end of the room. Pippin walked confidently toward the high throne. Diamond followed hesitantly behind him. At the proper distance from the steps that led to the seat of the king, Pippin knelt and made his obeisance. "Peregrin son of Paladin, Guard of the Citadel, reporting for duty as requested, my lord." Beside him, Diamond dropped into a curtsy. Smiling, Aragorn descended the steps to the throne room floor. "Enough of the formality, Pippin," he said, extending a hand to assist his small knight in regaining his feet. "I may have issued a formal request for your service, but my reasons were much more selfish. I've missed my friends and wished to see you again. That doesn't mean you won't be serving as a guard; you will be. In fact you should report tomorrow morning for your first assignment. "Now," he said with a glance toward Diamond, "who is this lovely jewel at your side? Is this your sweet lady Diamond that you have written so poetically of in all your letters over the last few years?" Pippin blushed furiously. "Yes," he finally managed. "Your Majesty, this is my wife Diamond." Now it was Diamond's turn to blush as the handsome, but oh so tall, king politely took her hand and dropped a quick kiss to the back of it. "Pleased to meet you, my lord," she stammered. "I won't keep you from going to your guesthouse," said Aragorn, "but I would request your presence for dinner tonight. Nothing formal, mind you. Just yourselves, Arwen and myself." "Thank you, my lord," answered Pippin. "Should we arrive at the sounding of the evening bells?" "That will be fine," said Aragorn. "You know that you have the use of the house that the Fellowship shared. It has been kept in readiness for the return of yourself, Merry or Sam. Legolas and Gimli have their own homes here for when they visit. I must confess that I think of that house in the sixth circle as the hobbits' house. I hope it is comfortable to you both." "I'm sure it will be: and we'll see you this evening." With that Pippin bowed and, taking her hand, led Diamond from the great hall. The house was much as Pippin remembered it. It was clear that no one else had used it since the departure of the Fellowship almost exactly 10 years ago. Diamond was amazed by what she saw. "The furniture's our size," she exclaimed. "Was it made for all of you when you were here before?" Then she noticed the garden. "This is just beautiful! The king must have been having everything kept up for such a time as you, Merry or Sam came back here." She wandered from plant to plant, studying both the familiar and exotic with equal interest. All Pippin could do was follow in her wake and try to answer her questions. "Yes, love, the furniture was made just for us hobbits. Aragorn had it commissioned as soon as he came back to the city after the last battle. He said that he didn't want us to face the daily indignity and inconvenience of having to climb up onto chairs and sofas designed for Big People. I must say that getting into a seat the way a faunt does is embarrassing. Frodo and I were especially grateful for his thoughtfulness. Frodo, with his poor hand, and I, with my recently-healed injuries, found getting in to and out of man-sized chairs very difficult. And all of us hated being picked up like children. "As for the maintenance of the house and gardens; I think Aragorn had hoped one of us would have come to visit before now. He knows we have obligations at home, but that didn't stop him wanting us to return here. I think that is a large part of why he summoned me. I am the one he has the power to order to return to Gondor as I am the only one to actually swear an oath of service to king and country. It is possible that Eomer could do the same to Merry, but so far has chosen not to. Personally, I think he is just wanting some perspective and good hobbit-sense in his court." "Then, I think, he summoned the wrong hobbit," Diamond teased. "If he wanted sense, then a Took is the last hobbit he would call on." Pippin tossed a pillow in her direction. "Would you care to finish the tour," he asked, indicating the stairs, "or would you rather stand here and insult your very sensible husband?" "Well, as much fun as standing here and insulting you is, I guess we'd better finish touring the house. After all, we have a dinner to prepare for." Diamond offered her arm to her husband and allowed him to escort her up the stairs. The last room they came to was the one that had been Pippin's when he