Hey guys! This is my first fic ever. The idea was in my head for a while and only now I took courage to post it. This has been published at quotev too. Well, i hope you enjoy it and review to say what you think. I'll try to update as soon as I can. Have fun! Disclaimer: Don't own anything except Charlotte, Isabelle and eventual OCs. oOo Chapter 1 - Prologue . London, 13 February 1980 "You're looking ready to pop up anytime now, Belle" a pretty four-month pregnant redhead said brightly to her best friend. "I know right" Belle, a beautiful brunette replied, while rubbing her swollen belly adoringly "I can barely wait to see my baby" It was way past two p.m. and the cold winter breeze was blowing through the slits on the window. Two figures sat by the fireplace soaking in all its warmth, both of them, apparently waiting for someone to come as they constantly looked out the windows or stared at the door, with smiles adorning their faces. "Do you know the gender yet? Sirius doesn't, it seems…" the redhead asked. "Both Sirius and I agreed to let it be a surprise," Belle said. "Although, I confess it took a little bit of convincing to do it." The brunette let out a small chuckle. Amused, the other woman could only laugh in response. "If there anyone in the world to make him change, it would be you. I never saw you so happy." "You have no idea, Lily" Lily and Isabelle have been friends since their first year at Hogwarts. Being born in a pureblood family wasn't easy, but Isabelle never had much too fret about for her parents were not pureblood maniacs like many others around. She was taught blood equality and for that she was grateful, since most of her friends wouldn't have been accepted and deemed as scum. She recalled the day they met – Lily and the Marauders, as they liked to be called – like it was just yesterday. oOo Belle was running late, very uncommon of her who always liked to be punctual. But it wasn't her fault really. She was just so excited to go to Hogwarts for the first time that she kept forgetting her things – her toothbrush, books and even her trunk – so she needed to return to her bedroom to get her things and go to the car. Again. When she finally arrived at King's Cross it was almost eleven, so Isabelle took off, dodging people sometimes muttering a soft 'sorry' after bumping into someone. After what it seems like yeas, but was just seconds, Belle and her parents finally made to Platform Nine and Three-Quarters, she let herself be hugged briefly, took her trolley and then ran inside the big scarlet train. She knew it would be hard to find a place to sit, however she didn't think it would be that packed. Everywhere was full and she feared she would have to stand the whole way to the castle. Walking through the small corridor, Belle was almost sliding down the floor and sitting there, when she finally found a compartment with only two people in it. Sighing with relief, she knocked on the glass door gaining the attention of the two people. Isabelle's POV A cute eleven-year-old with flaming hair color and bright green eyes looked up as I made my way inside the small room. I gave her a small smile felling shy all of a sudden. "Hi… Can I sit here? I can't find anywhere else… but it is alright if you don't want me here… you don't right? I'll just go…" I could not help but mumble when I got nervous. The girl was just staring at me with a mixture of confusion and amusement, but she seemed to snap out of it when my hand touched the door handle. "Sit down. We don't mind." That would be an understatement. I thought as I took a peek at the other person inside the compartment who looked as though wanted to set me on fire with his own eyes. A boy no older than myself with greasy black hair falling down to his neck, pale skin and dark icy eyes who long lost interest in the Defense Against the Dark Arts for Beginners that was now resting in his lap. He was sitting in the far corner of the room as tough I portrayed a very contagious disease that he was trying to run away from, and at the same time those eyes glared at me blaming me for his loss of attention. That almost got me running out the door, but as a turned around to the redhead, there was something so sincere, so alluring about her, that I did as she told me. "Thank you," I said nervously "I'm Isabelle. Isabelle Selwyn" Extending my hand towards her, I waited. "Lily Evans." She shook my hand firmly "Nice to meet you. And that…" she mentioned to the sulking boy across us "is Severus Snape" He merely nodded forcefully like he had something moving his head up and down against his will. "Cool" That was the only thing I could say. Not very smart. Thankfully, Lily seemed to understand my uneasiness because she tried to start a conversation. "So… what are you? A mean, blood related. Not that it matters, of course." She said that last part as if afraid I was offended by the question. "Pureblood," I responded "but as you said, it doesn't matter… What about you?" The redhead appeared relived after my answer she quickly spoke. "I am a Muggleborn," Lily confessed "Much of a shock for me and my parents, you know… being muggles and all. But they accepted fairly well, looked excited and proud of me in a way. However, I don't think Petunia took it very well… she's my sister, you see." She told me after seeing confusion on my face. "Mhmm… She just jealous of you. That much is obvious." "That's what Severus told me once." At his name, said boy peered above the book he continued reading, probably trying to forget my presence altogether. However, before he could open his mouth to retort, someone opened the compartment's door and then four first-year boys made their way in. The first one had unruly black hair sticking in weird directions – he knows there is such thing called hairbrush? –, hazel eyes covered by glasses and a stuck up attitude about him. Obviously, he was the leader of their 'pack'. The second one, who was now besides messy head, was fairly handsome even for his age. He was slim and carried himself with grace and posture, as if a royalty. For all I knew, he could be. He definitely had the looks. Silky dark hair cascading to his shoulders. It appeared so soft, and she almost had the impulse to lean over and run her hands through it. Almost. He didn't need an inflated ego. The way his bright grey eyes surveyed the compartment eagerly and the slow sneer forming in his thin lips, told me enough to know about him. Dung head. But mom always told me not to judge a book by its cover. So… Bringing up the rear, were two guys who didn't quite belonged there. One of them was very tall with slight tattered clothes. Medium length sandy hair and pale complexion, although I could see some light scars on his face, like he's been scratched by a wild animal. His soft blue eyes stared at the floor and his hands were fidgeting with each other, as if he was nervous his friends would do something stupid. Finally, a short pudgy looking boy with blond hair and scared blue eyes definitely seemed out of place. He was nowhere near as good looking as the others, and from what Belle gathered, would be afraid of his own shadow. "It seems this place is in need of a cheer up. I am James. James Potter. Who are y—" James, the messy head with glasses trailed off, and I just noticed why the moment I followed his line of sight. A certain Ms. Evans. 'Cute. Someone has a crush' I thought. He was out of orbit, staring at her like she was the most marvelous thing he'd ever seen. Wouldn't be too surprised if he's started to drool over her, something I was almost sure it would happen any minute, had not a throat clearing snapped him out of his trance. "Sirius Black," dung head introduced himself "and that is Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew." He finished pointing his thumb to the tall looking guy, that gave us a little embarrassed smile and then to the small boy, who only squeaked in response. I heard of the Ancient House of Black. Pureblood freaks, the whole lot of them. Well, my parents once told me about one who's been burn off of the family tree. Phineas Black, I guess. Apparently, he supported muggles rights. Maybe not everyone in that cursed family is a lost cause. Still, no one could blame me for thinking that boy in front of me, a snobby prat, what with the way he was looking at me, as if waiting for me to speak. Wait. He was still looking at me. "What?" there was three people to choose from, so why should I be the one to introduce first? The looks I got were answer enough for me to know I had no choice but to talk. "…okay. This is Lily Evans," I spun my head in her direction "That is Severus Snape and my name is Isabelle Selwyn." I stopped and gave them a glare as if asking 'happy now?'. Nothing was said as they sat down – without being invited, mind you – and started talking between themselves, at least James and Sirius, about Quidditch, ignoring us. Though I could see James sneaking glances at Lily's way. Remus, like Severus, had focused his attention in his own book and Peter was just trying to make himself invisible. "… Holyhead Harpies' got nothing on Ireland. But they no worse than the Tornadoes. Lost to 60 to 310 against Bulgaria, embarrassing really. The snitch was right in front of the guy. How could he not see it? He was their seeker, for Merlin's sake!" James ranted in frustration "That's why I am trying for the Quidditch time next year, first years aren't allowed to play, unfortunately. I want to be a chaser… been training since I was a child…" I wanted to say 'you're still a child, moron', but I could not help but grin at his determination, so I turned to Lily instead. "Have you thought about what house do you want to be in? I think Ravenclaw would be great." I told her. "I read Hogwarts: A History tons of times already and Ravenclaw looks like a good choice, but Gryffindor isn't that bad, either." I guess she was right. We were so absorbed in our topic, comparing houses and its qualities, that we didn't noticed that the boys had stopped talking and were listening to our conversation, until Sirius cut in. "My whole family has been in Slytherin" "And I thought you were okay" James said playfully. Sirius gave him a smirk. "Maybe I'll break tradition this year" "I want to be in Gryffindor. It's the best house of all!" James said enthusiastically. "If you rather be brawny than brainy, I guess" That was the first time Severus Snape opened his mouth, much to Sirius and James displeasure who definitely looked offended by it. "What do you mean?" James asked. Anyone looking closely would see a vein popping in his temple. "Slytherin is the best house. Only the best end up there, everyone knows it. It is traditional as it always has since Hogwarts was built." Severus said and I could sense a fight