The Witch of Angmar Legacy of the Fellowship Lord of the rings fan fiction Sam J. Charlton Chapter One Fireworks Upon the one-hundred year anniversary of the death of King Elessar and the passing of Legolas and Gimli into the west – something happened in the Shire that brought the 'long reign of peace' to an end. Many said that this was the moment that darkness crept back into the world. Yet, some whispered that darkness was always there, even in ages of happiness and prosperity. In such times, it just hid in the shadows, and bided its time. So it was, in the year 1641, by Shire Reckoning, of the Fourth Age, that Rose Fairbairn, a young hobbit female, journeyed to Hobbiton. It was a trip she had made many times, from her home in Westmarch, on the far western borders of the Shire. Her family were the Fairbairns of the Towers, and Rose was the only child of Rowan and Ruby Fairbairn. On a bright, late summer morning, Rose loaded up her father's wagon with sacks of potatoes, bunches of spring onions and carrots, and crates of cabbages. It had been a bountiful summer, and the Fairbairns had a glut of produce to sell beyond their home in the Tower Hills. "Ma, they're letting off fireworks tonight, in honour of Gandalf and the hundred year passing of the Fellowship," Rose informed her mother as she heaved the last sack of potatoes onto the wagon. "Why don't you and papa come with me today? We can stay at the Green Dragon and make a holiday of it." "A holiday?" Ruby Fairbairn put her hands on her ample hips and surveyed her daughter with exasperation. "Since when have we Fairbairns taken a holiday? That's an indulgence for other, richer folk!" Rose sighed and glanced about her. The wagon and the stocky pony waiting patiently in front of it, stood before the white-washed gate of the Fairbairn hobbit hole. Around them rose the lush green curves of the Tower Hills. The hills were pock-marked with similar dwellings; although the Fairbairns had by far the largest and most beautiful home, with an extensive garden out front, filled with roses, honey-suckle, pastel-coloured lupins and stock. Rose's family also owned much of the patchwork of fields that spread down the hillside beneath them. "We're not poor," Rose frowned. "Why should other folk get to enjoy the celebrations and not us?" "If we're more prosperous than our forebears, it's because we work harder," Ruby sniffed, her hazel eyes narrowing. "Now enough of this nonsense and off you go. You will need to reach the market by mid-afternoon if you want to have a chance of selling everything." Rose sighed and climbed up onto the front of the wagon. There was never any point in arguing with her mother. Ruby Fairbairn was always right. Even her father said so. Rose flicked the reins and the pony moved off. "And don't think about spending gold on a bed at the Green Dragon either," her mother called after Rose. "The weather's mild. You can sleep in the wagon." Rose bit her tongue and flicked the reins again, urging the pony into a brisk trot. They set off along the lane that wound its way down through the fields. Ruby Fairbairn watched her daughter go and shook her head. At twenty-seven, Rose was in the middle of her tweens – a trying time. Yet, Rose had an impetuousness that Ruby had never been afflicted with at the same age. Her daughter questioned everything; a trait that could be very tiresome. For her part, Rose was still chafing from her mother's parting comments. The Fairbairns' meanness was legendary in Westmarch – and there were times when her mother's penny-pinching ways aggravated Rose. As always, she looked forward to her trips to Hobbiton. It may not have been an adventure, not like the one her great, great grand-father Master Samwise had been part of over two hundred and twenty years earlier, but it was her chance to travel across the Shire, see fresh faces and hear new stories. The road east was reasonably well travelled these days; used mainly by those trading between Hobbiton and Westmarch. Rose recognised a few faces on her journey down the hill, and waved as she passed. She was a familiar sight on the road, for both her parents preferred to stay behind and tend the fields rather than journey to market. They did not fear for her safety, for the Shire had never been as safe as now. Over two centuries earlier, King Elessar had issued an edict, forbidding Men from entering the Shire. Ever since then, the land had been blessed with a long peace. Rose felt not a twinge of fear setting out on her own, for the horrors that had once stalked Middle Earth, even shattering the tranquillity of the Shire, were nothing more than old stories in the Red Book her father kept in his study. Once she left the Tower Hills behind, Rose took the road that cut across the Far Downs. Here, the landscape undulated in a sea of grassy hills. A warm breeze caressed Rose's face and she sighed. She adored summer; the smell of warm grass, the sound of insects, and the whisper of the wind. Last winter had been one of the harshest in living memory, even the Brandywine had frozen and those in Westmarch had heard tales of hungry wolves, the biggest seen in centuries, appearing on the fringes of the Shire. It had been a relief when the spring thaw arrived. Now, after months of balmy weather, summer was drawing to a close. Soon it would be harvest, and then the slow decline back into freezing winter. Mid-morning, Rose opened a cloth-wrapped parcel of food and helped herself to a slice of bacon and egg pie – elevenses. Her mother had also made her a door-stopper ham sandwich for lunch with a couple of blackberry tea cakes for later in the afternoon. Rose finished her slice of pie and rewrapped the rest. Although she loved her mother's cooking, she knew there was enough food here to last her until she returned to the Tower Hills tomorrow. If she continued eating in this fashion she would soon be as stout as her mother. It was getting towards three o'clock in the afternoon when the pony and trap rattled into Hobbiton. Locals looked up from their gardens as she passed. They were the frank, open faces of hobbits, with twinkling eyes and ruddy cheeks. "Good afternoon young Rose!" an elderly hobbit called out to her from where he was bent over, weeding his carrots. "And how are your parents keeping?" "Very well Master Robin, thank you!" Rose called back cheerfully. "Will you be at the celebrations tonight?" "Wouldn't miss it for the world," Master Robin replied. "See you there!" Rose followed the road into the heart of Hobbiton, and skirted the edge of Bywater Pool. She made her way up to the Party Field, where the monthly Hobbiton Market was held. A number of tents and marquees spread out over the grass, their awnings flapping in the breeze. Rose drew up outside the field. She got down from the cart and led her pony across the field. She set up her stall where she always did, next to where Marroc Brandybuck hawked his cheeses. Marroc, a chubby-cheeked hobbit about the same age as Rose's father, waved merrily at her. A crowd of hobbits, eager for some of Marroc's fine cheese, clustered around his stall. Rose unlatched the back of the wagon and began setting out her produce, listening to the gravelly tones of Marroc's voice as she did so. "Yes, try this one Bertha – the flavour's quite unique. I soak it in wine as part of the ageing process. It goes particularly well with ham!" "Yes Marroc," Bertha Proudfoot replied with a hint of exasperation in her voice, "but what I'm after is a cooking cheese. How well does this one melt?" Eventually, some of Marroc's punters left his stall and wandered over to Rose. The quality of her parents' produce was well known in Hobbiton and soon she had a number of customers. As always, the potatoes were the first to go – Westmarch spuds were renown throughout the Shire. The shadows were starting to lengthen and the sun cast a golden hue over the party field when Rose spied Pericles Took making his way up the hill towards her. The sight of Peri, who was only a year older than her, made Rose go both hot and cold all at once. He had a way of both infuriating and embarrassing her. There was something in his impish smile that made her feel as if he was laughing at her. "Fair Rose!" he called out as he approached, causing Rose to blush deeply. "How goes it?" She hated him calling her that. Decades earlier, the female Fairbairns had been breathtakingly beautiful – folk still talked of the fairness of Elanor, daughter of Master Samwise and Mistress Rose, who had been as beautiful as an elf-maid with long golden hair and alabaster skin. The legacy of 'Elanor the Fair' was a difficult one to live up to. Ruby Fairbairn was plain and plump, with a good humoured, ruddy face but little beauty. Her daughter, Rose, had thick light brown hair and large hazel eyes. She knew her face was too round to be called fair. Pericles called her such to mock her. "Afternoon Peri," she said coldly. "As you can see I'm very busy so unless you want to buy something I suggest you move on." "That's not much of a welcome, is it?" Pericles Took stopped before Rose and picked up a cabbage. "Not the way you should treat paying customers." Rose's gaze narrowed, and Peri grinned back at her. He was one of the handsomest young hobbits in the area, with a mop of brown hair, twinkling green eyes and a sensitive face. He always looked slightly unkempt, as if he spent his life sleeping rough in a haystack. Rose had not seen him do a day of work in his life. His parents ran the Green Dragon, and apart from pouring ale behind the bar on the odd evening, Peri appeared to wander through life doing what suited him, and little else. "Are you going to buy that cabbage?" "Perhaps." "Well, make up your mind and put it down if you're not interested." Peri's grin widened. "You're in a viperish mood this afternoon Rose – what ails you?" "Nothing." "Are you staying for the celebrations tonight?" Peri nodded towards the other end of the Party Field, where a group of hobbits were setting up tents and long wooden tables, and draping streamers over the Party Tree. "It should be great fun." "I will." Rose replied reluctantly. "Shall I get my parents to make up a bed for you at the Green Dragon then?" Rose shook her head. "Ma won't allow me to spend money on the Inn – I'll be sleeping in the wagon tonight." Peri laughed at that and Rose tensed as cold shame washed over her. She should never have told him – he was always teasing her about her mother's meanness. "Why am I not surprised? See you tonight then." With that, Pericles Took put the cabbage down and walked off, whistling as he went. Rose watched him go, and fought the surge of irritation that always followed a conversation with Peri. By the time Rose packed up, as the sun slid beyond the western horizon, she had sold everything but three cabbages and one bunch of carrots – her mother could hardly complain about that. Hobbits were now starting to gather around the party tree, and the cheerful notes of a bone whistle and the strains of a lyre drifted across the Party Field towards the market stalls.