"Witness the might of the Eternal Warlock!" Harry proclaimed to the front lawn of number four, Privet Drive. "Mwahahaha!" "Harry, could you help me in the kitchen?" Aunt Petunia called through the open window. He struck the ground with the butt of his staff. "You ask this of me, who possesses the ultimate power?" "Put that power to good use and shell these peas," she said. "Make sure to wash your hands first." "Yes, Aunt Petunia." Sighing, he hid the well-polished stick behind the flowerpots and traipsed inside. Over the years, his guardians had become grudgingly tolerant of him and Dudley playing samurai or superheroes or whatever other cool stuff they saw on the telly, but Petunia liked tidiness in her garden, and he didn't want to lose his Staff of Doom. After all, he'd spent a week drawing mystical runes on it using a felt-tip pen nicked from Dudley. The reason for Vernon's and Petunia's aversion towards all things fantastic eluded him. Why, the first time he and Dudley had raced down the stairs pretending to shoot ki blasts at each other, Harry's aunt went white as a sheet and his uncle nearly had a conniption. The boys were forced to endure a stern talking-to, with Petunia asking her Duddykins whether Harry had done anything weird, before the adults allowed the play-acting to continue—after a careful explanation that none of that 'nonsense' was real, that is. Vernon still grumbled about 'that foreign rubbish rotting their brains' whenever he spotted the cousins watching Dragon Ball , but Dudley was rarely denied anything, and it would have been hypocritical of his parents to permit only one of the boys to enjoy their favorite animated series. A classmate Harry had confided in guessed that the Dursleys were ultra-religious. He said his cousin from the countryside was forbidden from watching any TV or reading any comics or books not approved by his parents, for they were filled with words of the devil. Harry just nodded in sympathy back then, thinking that his own situation was different. The Dursleys and the little Potter did go to church every now and then, but God never came up in a day-to-day conversation in their household. Most nine-year-olds wouldn't have dwelled on this mystery for long, but he figured that his guardians, perfectly normal people that they were, wouldn't be acting this odd without a reason. Furthermore, Harry himself vaguely recalled a couple of incidents from his early childhood when unexplainable stuff occurred around him. That being said, he couldn't make anything weird happen no matter what occult invocations he spoke while brandishing his staff, nor however long he powered up while pretending to be a saiyan, so perhaps it had just been his imagination. Either way, Harry knew better than to ask his family for clarification. At least he could play whatever he wanted these days, with Aunt Petunia adopting a weary resignation towards his antics. Harry was still careful not to go too wild within eyeshot of his uncle, who could be downright scary when angered; he usually retreated to his room or the nearby park after Vernon came home from work. "Oi, cuz, I got homework that needs doing," Dudley said, blocking the corridor with his meaty arm. "Get on with it, then," Harry shot back. "I'll give you my pocket money," Dudley offered, jingling the coins in his fist. He stared at him with distrust. "Money first, or you'll just 'forget' again." "Heh. Whatever, I'll just ask Mum for more." Accepting the coins and Dudley's exercise book, Harry proceeded into his room. This was a frequent occurrence lately, and he suspected his 'help' was the only reason his cousin was maintaining his mediocre grades. Dudley had lost any motivation for schoolwork, and spent all his time in the company of the school's most notorious bullies. He'd also grown to be nearly twice Harry's size—in width, if not height—which came in handy when extorting lunch money. Owing to their familial relation, Harry was never a target of Dudley's gang, but the boys never talked in public anymore. Harry was told he was too lame to hang with the cool kids, and his cousin denounced ever having any interest in 'stupid Chinese cartoons'. That stuff was for specky geeks, after all. As a result of them drifting apart, the last two years of primary school weren't very pleasant. Harry never made many friends, and without Dudley's imposing presence to deter them, his rowdier classmates were free to deride him for being too skinny, wearing dorky glasses, or loudly discussing an ongoing show during recess with a rare fellow soul. Perhaps he'd have renounced his favorite pastime, were it not for the anime club at the local library. After pestering his aunt into allowing him to join, he never missed a meeting. The group would watch various series and movies, and squabble about whether subs or dubs were superior until they were blue in the face. While the senior members treated him like a little kid, he could feel an undercurrent of camaraderie through their shared hobby. For Harry, it was the best time of the week. Their de facto leader was Brandon, a chubby teenager who peppered his speech with Japanese words and butted heads with anyone who dared disagree with his opinions. The others considered him obnoxious, but Harry didn't mind him much, even though he did insist on calling Harry a kouhai and ridicule all of his childhood's favorite series. Brandon was always teaching him new words, and he also brought in the most interesting shows. It was here in the library that Harry's life was forever changed. "It's after hours, and you know what that means, gentlemen," Brandon said, glancing at his watch before rising from his chair. "We turn the kiddy garbage off and put on some quality entertainment. I got something amazing this time—the uncensored hot springs episode alone is a masterpiece." "You guys are so gross," a female voice said from the back. "I'm out of here." There were sounds of chairs being dragged as the majority of the club filtered out of the room. Brandon locked the door and headed for the computer, peering at the handful of boys who stayed. His eyes lingered on Harry. "Maybe you should go home for tonight. This stuff's not for kids." "But I want to watch! Please, senpai !" Brandon's pudgy face colored slightly. That was the first time Harry had used the word despite all his previous attempts to get the younger boy to call him that. "Fine, just don't tell anybody." "You didn't bring porn, did you?" another teen asked. "Pfft, it's nothing but wholesome fanservice!" Brandon scratched his pimply chin and began fiddling with the computer. "Don't fret, it aired on TV in Japan—although how they get away with showing this, I haven't the foggiest. Living there must be awesome... There we go." Harry gazed at the projector screen with bated breath, caught up in the riveting story of an average teenager who discovered he had a hidden power, transferred to a special school, and inexplicably ended up living with a bunch of cute girls. Salacious shenanigans like the main character walking in on a girl getting changed or tripping and accidentally groping her chest had him blushing, and he was glad the lights in the room were off. "Er, guys... what is this kind of show called?" Harry asked in what he hoped was a nonchalant tone. As usual, Brandon was eager to flaunt his knowledge. "That, my friend, is a harem." "A harem," he repeated wistfully, now watching the protagonist receive scrumptious lunchboxes from three different girls. Harry's own school lunches were bland and soggy, and Aunt Petunia's fad diets were even worse. "I think I'd like one of those." Scattered laughter greeted his words. "It's every man's dream," Brandon said solemnly. "Sadly, that's something that can only exist in the pure world of 2D." Harry nodded thoughtfully. This anime was like nothing he'd ever seen before, and he had to have more. His aunt had promised to buy him his own computer if he continued getting good marks at school; if he was allowed to keep the machine in his room, perhaps he could look up those sorts of things with the Dursleys being none the wiser. Club aside, Harry's most life-altering event happened during dinner with his family prior to his eleventh birthday. A sharp crack sounded somewhere in the street, causing Petunia to drop her fork with a clatter. She clasped it again and stilled, fingers whitening with tension, then relaxing as the silence outside stretched on. Then the doorbell rang, and Petunia nearly jumped out of her chair. Oblivious to his wife's distress, Vernon raised his head from his meal and stood with a grunt. Harry followed his uncle with his eyes, curious about what visitor could be calling this late. "Good evening, Mr. Dursley. My name is Minerva McGonagall, and I'm the deputy headmistress at—" "We don't need whatever it is you're... selling..." His voice faltered. "Vernon!" Petunia rushed to the door. "Vernon, she's one of them !" "I can bloody well see that!" Harry glanced at Dudley, but his cousin obviously had no more idea of who 'they' were than he himself did. Taking care not to scrape his chair against the floor, he stood and tiptoed towards the kitchen door. From that spot, McGonagall's crisp voice could be heard clearly. "Mrs. Dursley, it's good to see you in such high spirits. May I come in? We have things to discuss." There were heated whispers that Harry couldn't make out, before the front door banged shut. Petunia hurried back into the kitchen, her face paler than he'd ever seen. "Dudley, go play upstairs. Harry—living room, now ." It was a testament to how severe she looked that even his cousin obeyed without talking back. Harry gulped and followed her to the living room, where he was greeted by an unusual sight. Minerva McGonagall turned out to be an elderly woman—a lady , he corrected himself—who wore a long black coat over a dress straight out of a historical drama. Sitting on the couch with her back ramrod straight, she held what appeared to be a pointy hat in her lap. Uncle Vernon occupied the armchair on the opposite side of the coffee table, his mustache quivering as he scowled in the guest's general direction. Harry lingered at the threshold until his aunt ushered him in and sat him down on the second armchair. Petunia herself remained standing, as though hinting the unexpected visitor not to overstay her welcome. The lady smiled at him gently. "Good evening, Mr. Potter. My name is Minerva McGonagall, and I'm a professor at Hogwarts. Do you know what that is?" Harry clutched the armrests, uneasy at the attention. "No, ma'am." "It's a good thing I decided to come in person, then," McGonagall continued with a slight frown. "Hogwarts is Europe's premier school of witchcraft and wizardry. You have a place there, just like your parents did before you." Harry choked back his laughter at that ridiculous statement when he saw the pained expression on his aunt's face. He glanced at the hat the purported professor was holding. "Are you saying I'm supposed to be a witch... er?" He imagined himself swinging a silver sword and slaying monsters. " Women are witches, Mr. Potter—you, on the other hand, are very much a wizard." He leaned forward eagerly. "You mean I'll be able to do magic? And wear a pointy hat and everything?" McGonagall smiled, stroking the brim of her iconic headwear. "Why, certainly. The hat is a part of the Hogwarts uniform, and is worn on formal occasions. As to your first question, that's what our school is for." She paused, glancing at the Dursleys. "Muggle parents often require a demonstration before they're convinced this is not a practical joke of some kind, but I'm not