Hey everyone! So, I'm slowly easing myself back into PJO after a long while :DD This is sort of more different than how I usually write, but I just decided to try writing angst, so here we are! Enjoy everyone! Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson. "I wish that I had never met you. Then there would be no need to impress you. No need to want you. No need for loving you. No need for crying over you. No need for heartbreaks. No need for pain or tears. No need for forgotten promises. No need for rejected hugs. No need for crying myself to sleep. No need for acting like you care. No need, for everything you're done, to make me feel like absolutely nothing." ~ Anonymous Annabeth bit her lip as she slammed her locker door. God, even her fucking locker smelled like him. She twisted the combo and popped it open again. A familiar smell wafted out and desperately trying to ignore it, she thrust her hand into the space and rummaged around, looking for the source. Annabeth came out, triumphant, with a navy blue sweatshirt. She grit her teeth and tossed it back in. She would come back for it later and drop it off at his apartment. For now, class. Annabeth pushed her black glasses up, grateful for their familiar comfort on her nose. It had been a while since she had worn them, ever since he had—no. It was too early in the morning to think about him . And so, she started down the hallway, books in hand, hoping not to run into him so early in the morning. Of course, Annabeth's luck was just that rotten. ~.~ He stands there, in a group of friends, idly chattering away. He doesn't acknowledge her, doesn't see her. Everything was back to the way it used to be. Just how it was before she used to be his. ~.~ I wish that I had never met you. ~.~ Flashback He stood there, sun radiating against his bronze skin from the winder behind him. He was beautiful, too beautiful to be in this shitty, hellhole of a school. He was godly in his own way, hair flawlessly, yet messily, dark and tousled. Eyes a color no other fucking human being had. Tall, bronzed, lean. Every girl's fantasy. Every girl's dream. Including hers. But what was she? Annabeth Kadiya Chase, frizzy blonde, thick black 'nerd' glasses, she was nothing. She was nothing but a mere speck in his eyes. He was everything. And she loved him. She loves him more than anything else (he comes second to her education though) and he was the only thing she ever wanted. But she, Annabeth Chase, had no chance. She was a hopeless, fucking loser; he was the flawlessly beautiful god who resided in their trash dump of a high school. But on that day, the Fates had something else planned for her. Or was it them? ~.~ Annabeth had, as usual, backed herself into a corner at lunch. A book tucked under hand, she had wanted nothing more to read in the shade in the courtyard with her lunch. And, of course, admire him from a distance. She was, as she recalled, on page 127 of the D'aulaires Book of Greek Myths when he ran into her. Literally. "Shit! There's someone here!" he yelped, barely stopping himself from ramming into her. Annabeth realized she had instinctively curled up and uncurled herself. "Um…" she started rather timidly. "Are you okay?" "Fuck," he cursed, ignoring her question. He then swiveled towards her. "I'm sorry, what did you say?" "Are you okay?" she asked nervously. He flashed a grin at her. It's blinding and bright and she nearly swoons, wavering slightly. "Yeah, I'm fine. Sorry 'bout that." He held up a basketball. "My friend took my prized basketball and chucked it, so I chased after it. Are you okay?" She nodded mutely, her mind still hazy with the memory of his smile. She felt herself waver for a second. "Shit, I must've knocked you harder than I thought!" he growled. "Here, lemme take you to the nurse." "I-I…I'm okay," Annabeth whispered. Her world tilts slightly and she's falling. A pair of strong, bronzed arms catches her. His beautiful eyes on her. "No, you're not. Let me take you to the nurse." His voice was soft, almost tender. She bit her lip. "Alright." He suddenly lifted her up, bridal style. "C'mon!" "You're carrying me!" she giggled shyly. "Well, you're about to faint, so I can't let you walk your own!" he winked and she almost faints. Again. "Hey, I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. I'm Percy," he said. "Annabeth." "Hey, a pretty name for a pretty girl," Percy smirked. "Annabeth." Her name flawlessly rolls off his tongue and she can't help but blush. He said her name. He knows her name. The next day… She sighed blissfully, clutching her book tightly to her chest, recalling the butterflies in her stomach from yesterday. He knows my name. He said my name. "Hey beautiful," a deep voice said. She shrieked and jumped. "Relax, it's just me. Percy, from yesterday." He was leaning against one of the lockers, black hair falling into his eyes. "Sorry…you startled me," Annabeth squeaked. He laughed. "Sorry 'bout that," he apologized. "I-it's okay…" Desperate to change the subject, she asked, "Do-d-did you need something?" Percy pushed a lock of black hair out of his eyes. "Yeah. In fact, I was wondering if I could walk you to class? We are in the same first period, after all." "A-ah, sure!" Annabeth stammered. Another brilliant smile. "Great." Some time later… "I should start walking you class every day," Percy remarked casually. "O-oh! You don't have to…" Annabeth muttered shyly. He flashed an irresistible smile. "But I want to." "Y-you want to…?" she queried. He smiled brilliantly. "Yeah! You're really cute, you know." Annabeth blushed and ducked her head. It was a shame she didn't notice Percy exchange a smirk with a blonde boy across the hallway. ~.~ "Hey Annabeth?" "Yes?" "Will you help me study?" Her blonde head swung towards him and she adjusted her glasses. "What?" she gawked. Percy smiled rather bashfully. "I'm failing English Lit. and since you're so smart, I was hoping you could help me?" "O-oh! Um…o-okay…" Annabeth stammered. "Where do you wanna study?" "How about the library?" he offered. "After school, until 4?" "A-ah! That's sounds good!" the blonde blushed. Percy smiled at her. It was almost too easy. ~.~ It was Percy's fifth tutoring session with Annabeth Chase. "Can you explain this?" he asked, pointing at a passage. Annabeth leaned over and pushed up her glasses. "Which one?" she asked curiously. Before she could react, he pushed his lips onto hers. Her eyes widened at the movement. Percy's hands cupped her face tenderly. It was soft and sweet, everything she had ever dreamt about. Before she could fully melt into it, Percy pulled away, a smile on his face. "I've been wanting to do that," he admitted. "W-wha—?" "I like you Annabeth," he breathed softly, brushing a strand of blonde hair away from her face. "Will you go on a date with me on Saturday?" "I—I—okay," she answered shyly. Percy smiled happily at her and she returned it timidly. ~.~ Then there would be no need to impress you. ~.~ Annabeth twirled in front of her mirror. She had worn contacts for the day and she had dressed in a vibrant blue and white flower dress with spaghetti straps and white sandals with a blue flower. Her blonde hair had been neatly plaited in the back. For once, she felt beautiful. A car honk outside startled her and she jumped. Her old Blackberry went off on her nightstand. She darted over and picked it up. Percy: Outside ;) Annabeth: Coming out :) She grabbed a brown bag and slid her phone into it and ran out her door. He stood outside his car, a crimson Ferrari, hair a mess, a pair of sunglasses resting on his head. He was on his phone, smirking slightly, but the smirk was quickly replace with a look of awe as she approached. "Wow," he murmured, reaching out to lightly trace her arm. "W-what?" Annabeth demanded defensively, wrapping herself with her arms. "No glasses. You look beautiful," Percy said, reaching out to touch her face. Annabeth blushed lightly. "Thanks. You look really good too." "Nah," he brushed it off. "I'm not fit for a beautiful girl like you." Percy winked and Annabeth felt herself melt all over again. "S-so, where are we going?" she stammered out. Percy grinned and held out his arm. "Into the car, milady." She giggled and climbed in. ~.~ No need to want you. ~.~ They sat, side by side, at the lunch tables. Percy was laughing at something his friend said. A blonde boy named Luke. Nearby, a girl with choppy mahogany hair with kaleidoscopic eyes sat nearby, laughing at something a boy with curly brown hair said. Annabeth fidgeted nervously with her hands in her lap. She had never been around so many people. She gazed up at her new boyfriend for reassurance. As if sensing her gaze, Percy looked down and smiled at her. His hand crept into her lap and he gently squeezed one of her hands. Someone hooted. "Get some Jackson!" the blonde, Luke, laughed. He winked at the black haired boy who grinned in return. Percy went back to 'fighting' with Luke and Annabeth gazed at her boyfriend, watching his every movement. How could she have ever ended up with such a perfect person? She loved him. She wanted him. ~.~ No need for loving you. ~.~ "Happy anniversary babe!" Percy swooped down and kissed her on the lips. Annabeth blushed. "Happy anniversary Percy!" she smiled. "You look so beautiful! I can clearly see your eyes now," he winked. The blonde blushed even deeper, recalling how she had started contacts when they had started dating, and wearing prettier clothes, and wearing makeup and doing her hair, because he loved it when she dressed like it. "My eyes don't matter. Yours, on the other hand, are absolutely beautiful!" she flirted back playfully. "Nonsense! Yours are the prettiest!" Percy argued playfully. "No, yours are!" "Yours!" "Yours!" He leaned down and kissed her again, leaving her breathless. "Yours are." "Fine," she murmured back, going on tiptoes to kiss him. "I love you Percy." "As I love you." ~.~ No need for crying over you. ~.~ Before she had truly became his, she had used to cry herself to sleep every time she saw him with a new girl. Prettier girls. More popular girls. She recalled a particularly bad time when he had dated Rachel Elizabeth Dare for three months. Each day, for three months, she had cried. Her eyes became naturally red and puffy. Annabeth had known: she had been hopelessly in love with Percy Jackson. And she never believed he could ever love her back. ~.~ No need for heartbreaks. ~.~ Annabeth couldn't believe what she was seeing. Her boyfriend, her beloved, kissing another girl. Another girl. One of the girls who sat with him every day. The girl with mahogany hair and gorgeous kaleidoscope eyes. "P-Percy?" she choked out. He froze and immediately pushed the girl away. "Piper! I told you, no!" Percy snapped. The girl, Piper, simply rolls her eyes and walks away. Without a word. Percy rushed over to Annabeth. "Babe, it wasn't like that. It's not what you think." Annabeth turned her back and continued sniveling. "Annabeth, you know I don't love anybody else, but you. She started it," Percy pleaded. "If I forgave you, would you stop hanging out with her?" the blonde whimpered. "Anything for my baby." She turned around and fell into his arms and Percy rocked her back and forth, stroking her blonde curls. "Don't worry Annabeth, I'm not going anywhere, I promise." . It