Hey demigods! NEW IDEA TIME! Okay, so I had an idea that since Taylor Swift's songs are really good at describing PJO/HoO, I decided to make a set of oneshots based on her songs! So to start off the story, I decided to do a rewrite of my Speak Now! It's still Percabeth except the rewrite has no lyrics. Since I'm rambling on and on right now, let's do the disclaimer and then start the story! Disclaimer: I don't own PJO. Or the song. Or the lyrics used for the quote. Or any other references to the song in the story. Song: Speak Now Percy/Annabeth/Rachel AU " Don't say yes, run away now, I'll meet you when you're out, of the church at backdoor. Don't wait or say a single vow. You need to hear me out and they said, "Speak now." ~Taylor Swift ~ Speak Now ~ 3rd Person's POV A group of 6 girls stood outside an elaborately decorated church with a long line of people waiting outside to get in. A large white banner hung outside the entrance of the church, reading: Percy Jackson + Rachel Dare = True Love. "Ugh. Can this get anymore tacky ?" Silena Beauregard groaned. She stood in line with her friends, wearing a short sleeveless purple dress with a sweetheart neckline and empire waist with sparkles on the straps and waist. She wore a glittering sapphire bracelet on her wrist. Her long shadow black hair tumbled down to her waist in curls. Her skin was a perfect ivory and her bright caribbean blue eyes were enhanced by her eye makeup. Silena gestured to the white banner and waved wildly at the red carpet they were standing on, the red ropes that marked off the aisle way, the white ribbons and streamers hanging from the roof and the flower arrangements at the door. "I mean glitter? Hello?! Are you kidding me? Glitter for decor is so last-minute! And she didn't even use real flowers! They're plastic! Ugh! For a so-called rich family, they couldn't do a more elaborate decor?! And red carpet? That is so cliche!" Silena kept ranting on and on about the Dares' wedding plans. "Silena! Chill!" Piper McLean scolded her older step-sister. Piper was in a cream one shoulder dress that had a dolman sleeve and asymmetrical neckline. Her dress had a pencil skirt with rows of shimmering sequins. It showed off her dark Cherokee skin. Piper's choppy mahogany brown hair lay in waves with a blue feather in her hair. Her kaleidoscopic eyes glimmered anxiously. "I don't even know how you can see that far! The flowers are several feet away! I have no idea how you can see they're plastic!" The two sisters began to banter back and forth until one of their friends, Thalia Grace interrupted them. "Guys!" she exclaimed. "Will you shut up ?!" Thalia was dressed, well, forced, into a V-neck electric blue dress with a beaded waistband and a high-low skirt that complimented her ivory skin. Silena couldn't get close enough to do her spiky ink black hair, so it was still a spiky, messy mess. "I agree," Reyna Ramirez-Arellano said. "You two need to zip it." Reyna wore her pitch black hair in her signature side braid and she wore a short, strapless black dress that had a sweetheart neckline, pleated surplice bodice, and jeweled flower styled accents at the waist. Her obsidian eyes glinted and she held herself with pride and poise. "Yeah. You guys need to relax. Don't you see Annabeth is under a ton of pressure here?" Hazel said quietly. Shy and sweet Hazel wore a dark green, open back, floor length dress with beaded details on the top and a high neckline. She wore a silver necklace with a sapphire pendant. Her cinnamon colored hair was in small curls that bounced on her shoulders and her golden eyes were wide and earnest. Thalia muttered, "I still don't get why Annabeth decided this at last minute. So un-Annabeth." Hazel hit Thalia lightly. As sweet as she was, she was incredibly protective of her friends. "You too Thalia." she murmured. Annabeth stood, quiet, her foot tapping quickly, her gray eyes wide, unsure, nervous, and terrified. She looked stunning in a strapless, teal, lace, floor length dress that had a sweetheart neckline, empire waist, and embellished bodice. "Annabeth, chill." Thalia ordered, her electric blue eyes cool and calm. Her stormy gray eyes were now blank as she stared into space. "Annabeth!" Thalia hit her shoulder to knock her out of her daze. The blonde jumped and looked around, her gray eyes wide. "Oh-what? Sorry Thals. I was…um…" "Daydreaming?" Reyna suggested. Annabeth nodded. "Yeah…wait what? No I wasn't! I was just…um…planning what I was gonna say when I saw…um… Percy." Silena put a manicured hand on Annabeth's arm. "Annabeth, you are a terrible liar. Just admit it, you were daydreaming." Her shoulders slumped. "Yeah fine. I was just imagining me just standing up to protest when the priest says to 'speak now or forever hold your peace.'" Piper put a hand on her friend's shoulder. "Relax Annie. You got this. You'll know what to do when the time is right." Hazel smiled at her earnestly. "Yeah! You got this Annabeth!" she cheered. The blonde laughed despite her nervousness. Then she narrowed her eyes at Piper. "Pipes, I told you. Don't. Call. Me. Annie." she said, clipping off each word. They all laughed. Then Annabeth's shoulders slumped again. She buried her face into her hands as the line inched forward. "Why, why, why? Why did I have to wait this long to tell him how I feel? Why couldn't have realized it earlier so we wouldn't have to be here at his wedding? I'm gonna embarrass myself and Rachel and the Dares and Percy because his ex couldn't let him go!" the blonde haired girl moaned. Silena said quietly, "Sometimes you don't realize it until he's gone." The six of them remained silent as they reached the front of the line. The guard rumbled, "Names?" Silena said coolly, "Silena Beauregard, Piper McLean, Thalia Grace, Reyna Ramirez-Arellano, Hazel Levesque, and Annabeth Chase." He said nothing and the six of them began to move past the guard to the door when he held a hand out in front of them to stop them. "Only Miss Grace and Miss Levesque are clear. The rest of you, shoo." Silena's jaw dropped. "Excuse me?" The guard replied irritably, " Only Miss Grace and Miss Levesque are on the guest list. There is no Silena Beauregard, Piper McLean, Reyna-Ramirez Arellano, and certainly not Annabeth Chase. Now leave." Thalia glared and snapped, "We're not going in 'til they get in." She waved at her friends. The guard growled, "Listen here missy. I got a bunch of people here and you're holding up the line. I don't give a sh*t if you go in or leave but make a choice 'cause you're holding up the line!" Thalia opened her mouth to speak, but then Silena put a hand over her mouth and flashed the guard a sweet smile. "Excuse us." she said sweetly. She pulled them all away. Immediately, Thalia started complaining. "What the f*ck Silena! How the h*ll is Annabeth gonna get in to tell Kelp Head he's making the biggest mistake of his g*dd*mn life?!" Hazel murmured, "Calm down Thalia. Silena, how are we gonna get Annabeth in there?" Silena's eyes sparkled. "Okay, here's my idea. Pipes and I flirt with the guards and Thalia and Annabeth slip past them. If there's extra guards, Reyna and Hazel just flirt it up with them. Either way, Annabeth has to go in. Then, Piper, Hazel, Reyna, and I cover Thalia's, Annabeth's, and hopefully, Percy's escape." Reyna muttered, "That was well thought out for a fashionista." Silena elbowed Reyna. "Shut up." Thalia cheered, "Let's do this b*tch*s!" Piper covered Thalia's mouth as people walked by and gave them weird looks. "Shh! Shut up Thalia!" Piper hissed as Silena called, "Move along! Nothing to see here!" "Sorry." Thalia mumbled. Reyna looked around, then murmured, "Yeah. Let's do this guys." Annabeth smiled slightly. "Thanks. You guys are the best." Silena and Piper strutted up to the guard, seductive smirks in place and model-like bodies ready. They flashed saccharine smiles at the people in line and charmed their way to the front where the guard waited. "Hey there handsome." Silena said smoothly. The guard looked up, startled. "Um…excuse me?" Piper said sweetly, "Oh, we're sorry. We just saw your handsome face from far away and we just had to come meet you!" The two girls continued flirting with the flustered guard and the group of them slipped by. Just as Silena predicted, two extra guards stood at the doorway. "We've got this." Reyna muttered. She beckoned Hazel forward and they strutted forward. Hazel looked up at one guard under her enhanced dark lashes. "I-um. H-hi…" she said shyly, blushing slightly. Reyna, on the other hand, strutted past the other guard and delicately trailed her fingers on his arm. When he looked at her, she waggled her fingers slightly, winked, then beckoned him forward. Entranced, the guard followed her. Hazel was keeping the other guard busy, with her shy facade. "I, well, I had to, you know, come s-see y-you! I-I-I c-couldn't help but admire your muscles from f-far away." Thalia and Annabeth slipped past the guard, who had decided to flirt back with Hazel. "Whew. That was good." Thalia muttered. "Come on, there's the back rooms. I bet Percy'll be in there." Annabeth and Thalia opened a door that led to the back of the church. Suddenly Thalia's eyes widened. "Hide!" she hissed, shoving Annabeth into plush white curtains just as an young redheaded girl with a white dress walked by, with an older red-haired woman in a hideous pastel dress and a squad of girls in emerald green dresses in tow. Annabeth gasped. The redheaded girl was Rachel. She realized the older woman was Mrs. Dare and the squad of girls in green and hideous makeup were the bridesmaids. Annabeth recognized some of the bridesmaids, as they were her old classmates from high school. She saw Drew Tanaka, Calypso Oceanid, Gaia Eden, Periboia Amour, and Medea Serenity. "Hey, Thalia Grace, right?" Annabeth snapped out of her thoughts. Rachel and her squad were looking at Thalia strangely. "Um, yeah." her friend responded. The redhead wrinkled her nose as if she smelled a rat. "Um…looking for the bathroom." Thalia lied smoothly. Rachel gave Thalia a suspicious once-over. "Alright then." Before Rachel could leave, Thalia commented, " Nice dress Rachel." The redhead fluffed her hair. "Thanks Thalia." The grey eyed girl gave Rachel a once-over, snickering when she saw the dress. It was a giant, stiff, fat dress that was nowhere near beautiful or elegant. Pastry, Annabeth thought to herself, with a snicker. Rachel, Mrs. Dare, and the bridesmaids strutted off and as Annabeth came out of the curtains, she heard Rachel scream, "YOU FORGOT TO CHANGE OUT OF YOUR CONVERSE?! GO BACK AND CHANGE YOUR SHOES NOW!" They heard the steps of someone coming their way and Annabeth hurriedly threw herself into the plush curtains and covered herself. A figure approached Thalia as she stood there awkwardly. It was Calypso Oceanid. "Ugh…stupid Rachel. She's so demanding and-" Calypso froze. "Why are you still here?" Thalia arched an eyebrow. "Cause I can. Got a problem?" Calypso glared coldly at Thalia. She opened her mouth to retort, but then Rachel screeched from down the hall, "HURRY UP CALYPSO! GODS, WHY ARE YOU SO SLOW?!" Calypso swore violently under her breath and stalked away to go change her shoes. Annabeth inched out of the curtains. "I think we should head back and find a seat. People keep coming back and forth." the blonde mused. "Good point." Thalia answered. "Let's head back." The two friends headed inside the church where people were filing into seats. Percy was nowhere to be