The first step begins with a book Plot: The war is finally over and everyone is busy rebuilding and getting ready for the winter holidays, all except Percy. While all his friends is helping out with things of their own Percy has been having these weird dreams. Join Percy on his journey to find out what everything means and find out if he fines someone who was lost. Couples: Percy & Nico, Jason & Leo, Piper & Annabeth, Frank & Hazel etc. Title of first seres: The jewel of ice and fire Percy's POV: I could never tell anyone because everyone was so busy repairing the camps and the only reason why I wasn't helping was because I already tried and I accidently broke a few things… anyway I've been having this weird dream about Mt. Everest and every time I hear a voice talking about some kind of stone well actually two but they keep saying that those two stone would help them make the people suffer just like they suffered. I never really understood what it meant I was hoping Chiron would know but like everyone else he was busy. So I just sit by the lake thinking or trying to ask my dad but I was guessing he was busy too so I just think to myself. I signed as I looked out to the water "What does this all mean?" I asked myself and looked at my reflection "What I'm I supposed to do?" I asked but then something really weird happed I heard a voice ' Go to the center of the lake' it said I turned around and saw no one and then I looked at the lake and so something shining in the center. As much as actually lessoning to the voice was crazy I did it anyway. I jumped in and started swimming. Being the son of Poseidon was very useful when you're swimming down for a long period of time. When I got down there I saw nothing I looked for a few more minutes but, nothing. I was about to go back up until I saw something shining under the dirt so I dig it up. When I did I saw it was a blue book with a big snow flack on the cover with a blue jewel in the center of it. I went back up to the surface and dried the book up. When I opened it I was surprised to see the first date was dated back to the 1600 so I read what it said: December 25, 1600 Just to put this out there my mother told me to write a journal so that I can remember everything while I'm Queen since I'll live forever. I must say I will miss my mother and the friends I have meet when they die, but it's my duty as the Ice Queen to make sure this land is protected from those who seek to harm it. My mother was so happy for my as well as Ember. She was happy for Ember, because she had also just become the Fire Queen. Ember and I have been friends for a long time and so I knew we would be able to work together to keep our people safe. Mother says that we have to be careful thou with great power comes great responsibility. Ember and I understood that and we ruled 'The land of balance' with peace and harmony and hopefully we will continue to rule it like that for years to come. Flora Snow After I finished reading that I was surprised. I had never once read about the land of balance before and was wondering if this book was real or not so I decided to keep reading it. Throw reading this I learned that Flora was really kind and sweet. She always wants her friends and family to be safe and she apparently likes the color blue. I also read what she and Ember do a lot of things for fun when they are not being Queens and I also learn something's about their friendship. But I also saws throw the years they seem to be getting darker. Before I could read the last two pages I heard a bell. If you're wondering that there so demigods that were somewhere else would know when it's time to return to their cabins what I was surprised about was that I was so busy reading it, it was already dark. I sign and closed the book and started walking back to my cabin. When I walked in I saw Nico already asleep, I smiled and walk over to him and kissed him on the head "Night Nico" I whispered and he replied by smiling and snuggling more into the pillow. I smiled and walked into the bathroom and locked the door, I got a flash light I always keep in there just in case and began reading the first of the last two entries: December 24, 1607 Today was a dark day for me I had just come to realize that the power was not meant for me or Ember the power grow darker inside us and now we just want more. More power, the thing is I'm even surprise that I'm san now. So I better make this brief, the truth is I now think my mother was a fool to thing I was actually capable of being the Ice Queen. I better go before something bad happens I just hope I can stop myself before it's too late. Flora Snow December 25, 1607 This is going to be my last entire before I get banished for the better. But before I do I just want to tell the person who now holds my journal one thing. I have returned…well not me but the evil me, anyway if you have this journal then that means me and Ember are free and are going to try and find the powers again but you must stop us. I know you might not believe me but my journal is enchanted. It will find one person who it feels is destined to save our world and stop us before it's too late. I only have a moment now so lesson carefully to find our land you must find the element of eight book, it is located where the lion brothers guard. I do not know what it means but hopefully you will, but be warned this journey will test the boundaries of your heart so do not let anything darken it. Oh and one more thing- But that was it the page was torn after that. I didn't get it, how was I supposed to help and how do I even know if this was a trick. I decided not to worry about it and I went to finish getting ready and went to bed. There were only two questions on my mind that night. One what was Flora going to say and two…how on earth was I able to read that properly. The next morning I woke up to see Nico was gone (no surprise there) so I got up and got ready. When I got out I saw the book on my night stand which was weird because I could have sworn I left it in one of the drawers. I looked around and saw no one there so I picked up the book and sat down that's when I heard the voice again 'It's time to fulfill your destiny' it said and I got up "Who are you?" I asked 'You will know who I am soon young hero but please hurry it is almost time for the blue moon to rise and you cannot let Flora and Ember get the power' he said "But how I don't even know where to start and I don't even know what the blue moon is" I said 'Yet you do young hero the book said look for where the lion brothers guard, correct and I do believe you know where that is' he said and I was about to argue but then I remembered the library my mom and I used to pass a lot of time when I was younger and I remembered that in front of it lied two lion statues and I figure that had to be it. Before that though I had to go to breakfast first considering I didn't even go to dinner last night I was starving. So I placed the book in a messenger bag Hazel gave me a while back and left it in a closed and went to breakfast. When I got there I got my food and sat down and began to eat. After awhile I felt someone sit down next to me and I saw it was my sister Pyra "Hey Pyra how long have you been here?" I asked and she shrugged "Since yesterday but I was morally trying to avoid work" she said taking a bight out of an apple and I laugh "That's so like you Pyra" I said and she laughed too "So why aren't you helping out?" she asked and looked down "Let's just say I accidentally broke a few things and I wasn't allowed to help again" I said and she nodded "So your just walking about?" she asked and I nodded. I looked around to see if anyone was lessoning and when I saw not that many people were there I turned back to my sister "Hey Pyra can you do me a favor?" I asked "It deepens on what the favor is" she said looking at me "Can you make sure no one know I'm gone?" I asked and she looked confused "Gone, where are you going?" She asked "I found this weird book and there's this voice inside my head telling me I have a destiny to fulfill and it starts with a library, so that's where I'm going" I told her "But wouldn't it be better if someone went with you?" she asked and I shook my head "No they're busy trying to restore the camp and besides I have a feeling this is going to be really dangerous I don't want them to go throw another battle especially since we just finish one" I told her. Pyra looked down "What about mom and Nico?" she asked "Especially them I can't just…" I didn't know how to finish it but Pyra seemed to understand "Ok I'll stall for you but please be careful, ok" she said ad I nodded "I will" I said getting up and started walking back to my cabin. When I walked in I saw Nico which totally surprised me "Nico, what are you doing here I thought you were at Camp Jupiter" I said and he looked at me "I was but then Annabeth iris-messaged me and asked if I could come here to help so that's why I'm here" he said and I nodded before sitting down and looking down. That's when I felt two hands on my shoulder "What's wrong Percy I haven't seen you this upset since…well the war" he said and I signed "Just wondering something's, nothing really too concerned about" I said and I guess Nico didn't by it because he was now facing me "Come on Percy it's me you can tell me anything" Nico said and I looked down. I didn't want to tell him I'm leaving so I had to think about something else fast. Luckily I did "I was just worried about you" I said and he was confused "Why?" he asked "Because you're always at camp Jupiter working hard to help get it back on its feet and you shadow travel just to sleep here, I'm just worried your pushing yourself" I said and this time he looked down "Yeah I know but I barely see you and night time is the only time I