I am reposting these chapters. As I began to reread this with the intent upon finishing, there were errors that I could not overlook. Samaria Kirby is my creation. Everything else belongs to J.K. Rowling. Chapter 1 "Good morning class. Please, turn to page 195," said Professor Samaria Kirby with a smile. Harry sighed as he turned to the instructed page within his textbook. This year, not only did he have to deal with being the fourth, and youngest, of the Triwizard Tournament, but he also had new classes; including this one, Magical Healing. He was finding it quite difficult. Though difficulty of the class was compensated greatly by the wonderful nature of the teacher. Professor Kirby was a young witch, perhaps 26 or 27, and had been teaching at Hogwarts since Harry could remember. This was just the first time he'd had her as an instructor. Most of the guys fancied her. If she caught them staring, she would just smile and continue teaching. She was strict in her lessons, but not to the point of humiliating a student, and she was rather beautiful. She should give Snape a few lessons, Harry thought. Potions was still the class he loathed most, and he would rather face the difficulty of the Magical Healing lessons, rather than Snape's ire. Professor Kirby had been one of the few people who had believed him when he said that he didn't put his name in the Goblet of Fire. She had even offered to help him in his classes, seeing as he had so much to deal with. He had Hermione, of course, but Professor Kirby was just a little more patient with him than Hermione. She had quickly become one of his, Ron, and Hermione's favorite teachers. They often went to her office just to talk. Sometimes, they even had lunch there, as she very rarely ate in the Great Hall. Shaking these thoughts away, Harry tried to pay attention. It wasn't that this class was boring. It usually wasn't. It was just that they had to learn the theories of the healing spells before they could practice performing them. That part was boring. He looked around the class and smiled. Hermione of course was hanging on every word and coping it down. Harry made a quick mental note to ask her to copy them. The rest of the girls either loved the Magical healing teacher, or completely despised her; the opinions of each was obvious on their faces. Chuckling, he then looked at the dazed look on the faces of each of the boys. Each one adored her… until they got a grade they didn't like. But even then, after a few days they got over it and started to fawn over her again. Unfortunately, the Gryffindors shared this class with the Slytherins. It was in fact mostly Slytherin girls that loathed Ms. Kirby. Harry understood somewhat why. She had a very shapely figure and wore robes to accent it. Her long, blond hair was usually worn down in waves and her make up graced her face immaculately, it brought out her blue eyes and pouting lips to perfection. He was sure he would be jealous of her, if he were a girl. Harry shook these thoughts from his head as the people around him began to stir. Class was over, and he had daydreamed through the entire thing. He gathered his things and, with Ron and Hermione, walked up to the front of the class. Ms. Kirby smiled as she saw them coming. "Hi, guys. Lunch today?" she asked. "Sure," shrugged Ron, as if that was not exactly what he was hoping for. She smiled, "Come with me." The four climbed the few steps to a door off the side of her classroom that led to her office. When they all were sitting in there, she gave a flick of her wand and a plate of sandwiches appeared on her desk with an ice-cold jug of pumpkin juice, along with four glasses. "How are your studies going," she asked the trio, her American Southern twang very obvious. "Just wonderful. I was terrified that things would be so much harder this year," Hermione said. Harry and Ron just groaned. "And what subject is giving you boys trouble?" she asked. "Potions," they said together. Ms. Kirby smiled, "Would you like some help?" Both boys nodded. "Alright. I'm sure Professor Snape would be glad to assist." The smiles on Ron and Harry's face dropped like a bomb and they both looked as if they were just sentenced to death. "Something wrong?" she asked, smiling. She knew good and well what was wrong. They hadn't made any secret about their feelings toward the Potions Master. "Are you bloody mad? Even if he agreed, he'd murder us," Ron stated. "Or make us wish to be murdered," agreed Harry. Their teacher just shook her head, "Boys, potions isn't my forte. And even if it were, he would be the best one the help you. He is the instructor, after all." "I think we can manage," Harry mumbled. "Oh, you two. He really isn't THAT bad," Ms. Kirby said, a teasing smile on her lips. All three, including Hermione who stayed out of it until now, rolled their eyes. Just as Ms. Kirby opened her mouth to defend him, the object of their discussion opened the door, "I need to..." He paused as he saw the three students. After a death stare for each one, he turned to Ms. Kirby, "We need to speak." "In a moment. I have company." "I'll wait in your classroom," after another death glare he left. Their teacher merely shook her head, and the three looked at her as if to say, " We told you" . "Maybe I should go see what he wants." Ron look as if she was crazy, "Your mental. Did you see that look he gave us all? He could kill you!" "He wouldn't do that, Ron," she replied. "He just might, you never know," he said back. This time it was her turn to roll her eyes, "I'll see y'all later." The three students stood and left as she went into her classroom to talk to the potions professor. "Took you long enough," he said. "Well, I'm sorry. You didn't make an appointment." He shook his head with an annoyed look. "What is so important?" she asked. "I wanted to talk to you about this," he lifted the sleeve on his left robe revealing the slightly gray Dark Mark. "It's darker," she said. He nodded, "It won't be long before it burns, I'm sure." She pursed her lips, "Have you spoken with Professor Dumbledore?" "Yes. When, and it's only a matter of time, the Dark Lord returns, I will become a double spy." "Double spy?" "While the Dark Lord will think that I'm spying on the headmaster for him, I will be actually spying on him for the headmaster," Snape explained. Nodding, she then asked, "And me?" "You… have a choice. You can either become a spy too, which would be what's expected by the Dark Lord, or we can hide you away." "You know I cannot just run and hide," she said crossing her arms. "I thought so. You know you will have to prove yourself, even though you're my wife." "I know, but I want to be with you. No matter what." Nodding he walked up to her with a somber expression. "You're not happy with my decision?" she asked. "Having my wife work directly under the most evil and feared wizard in centuries? No, I am thrilled," he replied with a raised eyebrow. She smiled, "I thought so." He shook his head at her. "What?" she asked. "Does that mean I can tell my students I am married to one of the most feared teachers of the school?" Samaria winked. "Not yet. Why would you want to?" he inquired. "One, I want to see their face. Two, it's getting rather old having 14 and 15-year-old boys asking me on a date. And three… to see their face." "Your impossible," he scolded. "You love me any way though." "Unfortunately," he said. Rolling her eyes, she popped him on the arm, "Well, they will know one day. I don't see why it's such a big secret." Snape sighed. "It's not anymore. I've been afraid of the Dark Lord rising since the incident with the Sorcerer's Stone, and was hoping to keep you out of any dealings with the him. That would have been possible, had I been able to keep you a secret from him. Dumbledore doesn't seem to think it feasible, however. He also thinks you would be a great asset. But aside from that, it's just not any of the students' business," he told her. "Oh. That's why you've been so insistent upon me keeping my mouth shut. Well, I was just going to tell Harry, Ron, and Hermione… What's with that face? I wish you four could just get along!" "When Potter stops thinking that he is all powerful, and the world should bow at his feet; when Granger stops being an insufferable know-it-all, and when Weasley stops licking Potters boots, then perhaps we might." "Urgh! All of you have ungrounded prejudices against each other, and I'm sick of it! You all need to grow up!" Snape just smirked, "That Southern accent comes out a lot thicker when you're angry, Samaria." She gave him a death glare that gave his own a run for their money. "Anyway, this is off subject. I don't care that people know now. Dumbledore has made his opinion known, and I think it's best we follow his advice. As much as I loathe it, he is right more often than I," he said. Her glare melted away into a smile, "You'll live." "I suppose." "Well, I might mention it. It's been four years since we were married. And those three are the closest thing I have to real friends. It's difficult to make real friends when your husband is antisocial, and you're the youngest teacher at Hogwarts," she tried to explain. Snape shrugged his shoulders, "Do what you wish." He knew she would anyway. She smiled and hugged him. ~*SW*~ It was a week before the three were able to get time to go back and visit their healing teacher. Ron, Hermione, and Harry were walking down the hall toward her office, and just as they rounded a corner, Harry was thinking of asking Professor Kirby if he could start coming to her office for weekly tutorials. Then he heard the voice of Malfoy. "Yeah, that Professor Kirby is one hot babe. That ass of hers… I would mount that my wall. And her tits, well, let's just say…" he didn't get the rest of it out. Harry, not even taking the time to reach for his wand, walked right up to him and punched him straight in the nose. He could feel the cartilage smash under his fist. Malfoy fell to the ground, blood gushing out of his nose. He didn't even have time to rise up before Harry was on top of him, punching him with everything he had. Crabbe and Goyle jumped on Harry, then Ron on top of them. Fists and blood were everywhere. "What is this?" demanded a cold voice that made every one of them stop. When they looked up, they saw the Professor Snape's face. "Up," he ordered. All five got up, and stood before him. Hermione was still to the side where she was shouting at them. "What is this about?" None of them said anything. Harry figured Malfoy didn't have an explanation. Harry knew no matter what he said, the Slytherins would get off. So, he said nothing. "No one? Fine, come with me," Snape led them down the hall to the closest room: Professor Kirby's. "In!" he shouted. As they went in, Snape went into her office and