Percy Jackson and the Olympians Season 1: The Lightning Thief First Script Episode 1: I Accidently Vaporize My Pre-Algebra Teacher *episode starts with Percy Jackson sitting on his bed looking directly at the screen* Percy Jackson: Look, I didn't want to be a half-blood Percy Jackson: If you're watching this because you think you might be one, my advice is: turn off the TV now. Believe whatever lie your mom or dad told you about your birth, and try to lead a normal life. Percy Jackson: Being a half-blood is dangerous. It's scary. Most of the time it gets you killed in painful, nasty ways. Percy Jackson: If you're a normal kid, watching this because you think it's fiction, great. Watch on. I envy you for being able to believe that none of this ever happened. Percy Jackson: But if you recognize yourself in these scenes - if you feel something stirring inside - stop watching immediately. You might be one of us. And once you know that, it's only a matter of time before they sense it too, and they'll come for you. Percy Jackson: Don't say I didn't warn you. *theme song plays* A half-blood of the eldest gods Shall reach sixteen against all odds And see the world in endless sleep The hero's soul, cursed blade shall reap A single choice shall end his days Olympus to preserve or raze *theme song ends* *screen shows Percy on a bus, looking out the window* Percy Jackson Voiceover: My name is Percy Jackson. Percy Jackson Voiceover: I'm twelve years old. Until a few months ago, I was a boarding student at Yancy Academy, a private school for troubled kids in upstate New York. Percy Jackson Voiceover: Am I a troubled kid? Percy Jackson Voiceover: Yeah. You could say that. Percy Jackson Voiceover: I could start at any point in my short miserable life to prove it, but things really started going bad last May, when our sixth-grade class took a field trip to Manhattan- twenty-eight mental-case kids and two teachers on a yellow school bus, heading to the Metropolitan Museum of Art to look at ancient Greek and Roman stuff. *shot zooms out to show the entire bus* Percy Jackson Voiceover: I know - it sounds like torture. Most Yancy field trips were. Percy Jackson Voiceover: But Mr. Brunner, out Latin teacher, was leading this trip, so I had hopes. *shot zooms in to Mr. Brunner* Percy Jackson Voiceover: Mr. Brunner was this middle-aged guy in a motorized wheelchair. He had thinning hair and a scruffy beard and a frayed tweed jacket, which always smelled like coffee. You wouldn't think he'd be cool, but he told stories and jokes and let us play games in class. He also had this awesome collection of Roman armor and weapons, so he was the only teacher whose class didn't put me to sleep. *shot goes back to Percy looking out the bus window* Percy Jackson Voiceover: I hoped the trip would be okay. At least, I hoped that for once I wouldn't get in trouble. Percy Jackson Voiceover: Boy, was I wrong. Percy Jackson Voiceover: See, bad things happen to me on field trips. *flashback plays* Like at my fifth-grade school, when we went to the Saratoga battlefield, I had this accident with a Revolutionary War cannon. I wasn't aiming for the school bus, but of course I got expelled. *flashback ends**flashback starts* And before that, at my fourth grade school, when we took a behind-the-scenes tour of the Marine World shark pool, I sort of hit the wrong lever on the catwalk and our class took an unplanned swim. *flashback ends**flashback starts* And the time before that. . . Well, you get the idea. *flashback ends* Percy Jackson Voiceover: This trip, I was determined to be good. *shot widens to show Nancy Bobofit and Grover Underwood* Percy Jackson Voiceover: All the way into the city, I put up with Nancy Bobofit, the freckly, redheaded kleptomaniac girl, hitting my best friend Grover in the back of the head with chunks of peanut butter-and- ketchup sandwich. *shot zooms in to just Grover* Percy Jackson Voiceover: Grover was an easy target. He was scrawny. He cried when he got frustrated. He must've been held back several grades, because he was the only sixth grader with acne and the start of a wispy beard on his chin. On top of all that, he was crippled. He had a note excusing him from PE for the rest of his life because he had some kind of muscular disease in his legs. He walked funny, like every step hurt him, but don't let that fool you. You should've seen him run when it was enchilada day in the cafeteria. *shot zooms back out to show Nancy throwing wads of sandwich at Grover* Percy Jackson Voiceover: Anyway, Nancy Bobofit was throwing wads of sandwich that stuck in his curly brown hair, and she knew I couldn't do anything back to her because I was already on probation. The headmaster had threatened me with death by in-school suspension if anything bad, embarrassing, or even mildly entertaining happened on this trip. *shot zooms out to show Percy* Percy Jackson: *mumbling* I'm going to kill her. *Grover tries to calm Percy down* Grover Underwood: It's okay. I like peanut butter. *Grover dodges another sandwich wad* Percy Jackson: *angrily* That's it. *Percy tries to get up, Grover pulls him back down* Grover Underwood: You're already on probation. You know who'll get blamed if anything happens. Percy Jackson Voiceover: Looking back on it, I wish I'd decked Nancy Bobofit right then and there. In-school suspension would've been nothing compared to the mess I was about to get myself into. *screen fades to black* *screen shows the class walking into the museum* Percy Jackson Voiceover: Mr. Brunner led the museum tour. Percy Jackson Voiceover: He rode up front in his wheelchair, guiding us through the big echoey galleries, past marble statues and glass cases full of really old black-and-orange pottery. Percy Jackson Voiceover: It blew my mind that this stuff had survived for two thousand, three thousand years. Percy Jackson Voiceover: He gathered us around a thirteen- foot-tall stone column with a big sphinx on the top, and started telling us how it was a grave marker, a stele, for a girl about our age. He told us about the carvings on the sides. I was trying to listen to what he had to say, because it was kind of interesting, but everybody around me was talking, and every time I told them to shut up, the other teacher chaperone, Mrs. Dodds, would give me the evil eye. Percy Jackson Voiceover: Mrs. Dodds was this little math teacher from Georgia who always wore black leather jacket, even though she was fifty years old. She looked mean enough to ride a Harley right into your locker. She had come to Yancy halfway through the year, when our last math teacher had a nervous breakdown. Percy Jackson Voiceover: **flashback* From her first day, Mrs. Dodds loved Nancy Bobofit and figured I was devil spawn. She would point her crooked finger at me and say, "Now, honey, " real sweet, and I knew I was going to get after-school detention for a month. *flashback ends* Percy Jackson Voiceover: *flashback* One time, after she'd made me erase answers out of old math workbooks until midnight, I told Grover I didn't think Mrs. Dodds was human. He looked at me, real serious, and said, "You're absolutely right. " *flashback ends* Percy Jackson Voiceover: Mr. Brunner kept talking about Greek funeral art. *Nancy snickers something about the naked guy on the stele* Percy Jackson: *turns* Will you shut up? Percy Jackson Voiceover: It came out louder than I meant it to. *The class laughs* *Mr. Brunner stops his story* Mr. Brunner: Mr. Jackson, did you have a comment? Percy Jackson: *face flushes* No sir. *Mr. Brunner points to a picture on the stele* Mr. Brunner: Perhaps you'll tell us what this picture represents? *Percy looks at the carving and feels relieved* Percy Jackson: That's Kronos eating his kids, right? Mr. Brunner: *looking unsatisfied* Yes, and he did this because… Percy Jackson: Well… *racking his brain* Kronos was the king god, and- Mr. Brunner: God? Percy Jackson: Titan. And ... He didn't trust his kids, who were the gods. So, um, Kronos ate them, right? But his wife hid baby Zeus, and gave Kronos a rock to eat instead. And later, when Zeus grew up, he tricked his dad, Kronos, into barfing up his brothers and sisters- Unnamed Girl #1: Eeew! Percy Jackson: -And so there was this big fight between the gods and the Titans, and the gods won. *some of the group snickers* Nancy Bobofit: *mumbling to a friend* Like we're going to use this in real life. Like it's going to say on our job applications, 'Please explain why Kronos ate his kids.' Mr. Brunner: And why, Mr. Jackson, to paraphrase Miss Bobofit's excellent question, does this matter in real life? Grover Underwood: *muttering* Busted. Nancy Bobofit: *face flushes**hissing* Shut up. Percy Jackson Voiceover: At least Nancy got packed, too. Mr. Brunner was the only one who ever caught her saying anything wrong. He had radar ears. Percy Jackson: *shrugs* I don't know, sir. Mr. Brunner: *looking disappointed* I see. Well, half credit, Mr. Jackson. Zeus did indeed feed Kronos a mixture of mustard and wine, which made him disgorge his other five children, who, of course, being immortal gods, had been living and growing up completely undigested in the Titan's stomach. The gods defeated their father, sliced him to pieces with his own scythe, and scattered his remains in Tartarus, the darkest part of the Underworld. On that happy note, it's time for lunch. Mrs. Dodds, would you lead us back outside? *The class drifts off, the girls holding their stomachs, the guys pushing each other around and acting like doo-fuses.* Mr. Brunner: Mr. Jackson. Percy Jackson Voiceover: I knew that was coming Percy Jackson: Keep going Grover. *turns to Mr. Brunner* Sir? Percy Jackson Voiceover: Mr. Brunner had this look that wouldn't let you go- intense brown eyes that could've been a thousand years old and had seen everything Mr. Brunner: You must learn the answer to my question. Percy Jackson: About the Titans? Mr. Brunner: About real life. And how your studies apply to it. Percy Jackson: Oh. Mr. Brunner: What you learn from me, is vitally important. I expect you to treat it as such. I will accept only the best from you, Percy Jackson. Percy Jackson Voiceover: I wanted to get angry, this guy pushed me so hard. Percy Jackson Voiceover: *flashback* I mean, sure, it was kind of cool on tournament days, when he dressed up in a suit of Roman armor and shouted: "What ho!'" and challenged us, sword-point against chalk, to run to the board and name every Greek and Roman per-son who had ever lived, and their mother, and what god they worshipped. But Mr. Brunner expected me to be as good as everybody else, despite the fact that I have dyslexia and attention deficit disorder and I had never made above a C- in my life. No-he didn't expect me to be as good; he expected me to be better. And I just couldn't learn all those names and facts, much less spell them correctly. *flashback ends* Percy Jackson Voiceover: I mumbled something about trying harder, while Mr. Brunner took one long sad look at the stele, like he'd been at this girl's funeral. Mr. Brunner: Go outside and eat your lunch. *screen fades to black* *screen shows the class outside of the museum* Percy Jackson Voiceover: The class gathered on the front steps of the museum, where we could watch the foot traffic along Fifth Avenue. Percy Jackson Voiceover: Overhead, a huge storm was brewing, with clouds blacker than I'd ever seen over the city. I figured