Paul and Angela's story is here! Once again I want to thank everyone for your support. This story is currently titled Undecided because I can't decide on a name for it yet, suggestions are welcome! Please make sure to follow me and this story so you will get updates when I eventually change the name. Right now I have sixteen chapters complete for this story but only five of them have been sent to my beta. I plan on posting those five chapters a week at a time, on Friday afternoon. I hope you all enjoy this story and my version of Paul. Age's for the Characters will be posted in the next chapter. Enjoy! Chapter 1 The music was thumping so loud throughout the house that her ears were ringing; the smoky haze that lingered in the room made it difficult to see her friend who was currently pressed up against the refrigerator with Mike Newton's tongue down her throat. Angela groaned at the sight. Really, how had she let Jessica talk her into coming to a party, let alone a party at her house while her parents were away? Walking around the kitchen trying to find a corner to hide in, Angela plastered her body against the wall while her eyes lingered on Jessica and Mike. He of course, was running his hands up and down her sides and around to her butt. With each grip Angela could see the muscles in his forearms straining to drag her friend closer to his body. She heard Jessica giggle as Mike jerked her flush against him. With a roll of her eyes Angela brought the red cup to her lips. Slowly she sipped down the orange juice that Jessica had poured for her as soon as she walked in the door. "If anyone asks just tell them it's a screwdriver," she instructed before Mike wrapped her in his arms and pulled her away squealing. Angela had every intention of staying only for a little while, but looking at the clock on the kitchen stove she noticed that it read 12:02 am. How had she been here two hours already? With a sigh she pushed off the wall and made her way over to Jessica. She stood waiting for the opportunity for one of her friends to look up from their lip lock. Eventually she tapped Mike on the shoulder and when he turned to look at her she couldn't help the laugh that escaped, Jessica's bright red lipstick was smeared all over his face. "I'm just," Angela stated as she threw her thumb over her shoulder. Before Jessica spoke Angela turned around to make her escape and promptly crashed into someone causing her cup to crumble between their bodies. Angela squeaked out in surprise when she saw the man that was looking down at her. He was tan with dark brown eyes and jet black hair, obviously from the reservation. Just as the wetness began to seep into her skin through her bra a chuckle caught her attention and she jerked when two hands landed on her shoulders. "You ok there?" he asked as he peeled her body away from his. She looked up at him, meeting his eyes. He had the slightest hint of a smile on his face as he looked at her. "Yea- yeah I'm fine sorry for spilling- oh my god your shirt is soaking wet, I'm so sorry for that. I was just leaving." She heard him calling after her. Not sure what he said due to the sound of the music, Angela pushed her way through the crowd and found the door to Jessica's room. At the very least her "friend" could let her borrow a shirt that wasn't soaked in orange juice. Just as the door clicked closed Angela heard a grunt that caused her body to freeze. The room was dimly lit but there was enough light for Angela to see a naked man hovering over a woman. Her hand shot to her mouth at the sight, smothering a gasp. Her eyes roamed over the man before she could stop them. His arms were locked, his chest still almost touching the perky, over-inflated breasts. Angela's eyes slid up the arms and slowly took in the muscles as they bunched and moved as he continued to thrust into the girl under him. As her eyes slid up his body she noticed that he had a tattoo on his shoulder and another between his shoulder blades. His short practically buzzed black hair was wet with sweat, sweat that was currently making its way down his back and to his-oh my god, Angela thought to herself, taking in the sight of his naked ass. It was, well she had never seen a naked ass like this one, sure a drunk had mooned her once as he was driving through town but this was something else. She watched as his glutes flexed with another grunt and a pair of blood red nails latched on as if to help the process. Another grunt and Angela new he definitely didn't need any help. As Angela continued to scan the man's back she knew she should look away, but her eyes nor her mouth would close. Her feet refused to move so she stood awe-struck at the sight before her-that was until a gruff voice broke her concentration. "You going to stand there all night or you want to join in on this party, Tom?" She looked up to find that the man that was speaking to her wasn't even looking in her direction as he spoke, rather he was watching the woman that was laying underneath him. No way that girl's name was Tom. The space between the two seemed to have grown causing Angela's skin to prickle and before she knew it he was straddling one of her legs as she laid on her side, the other thrown up and over his shoulder. Enough space had been created by their new position that Angela was able to get a solid view of his ripped chest. "I- I-" She stuttered before she heard him chuckle. Her eyes left the woman's bright red pump that was waving in the air and she looked at the side of his face, still looking at the naked girl below him, "Mindy you mind if Tom over there joins us or is it a party of two?" Angela gasped at the question, Was he serious? Why did he keep calling her Tom? Her thoughts cut off when she heard the girl giggle, "Aww sorry honey but Pauly -" her words cut off by a straggled moan as her body slammed violently forward into the headboard. "What'd I tell you about calling me that?" He asked, the husky tone of his voice sent a shiver down Angela's spine. The girl licked and then bit her lower lip as she looked up at the man, "Call him tomorrow honey, we're busy." Angela was still frozen. Her face was burning and her eyes were hurting from how wide they were and the lack of blinking at the sight of the two still laying in the bed connected. Neither seemed to have a care in the world, she had never in all of her life seen anything like it. She couldn't tear her eyes away, but the two continued on as if nothing were happening grunting and moaning pushing and pulling. Her heart was thumping in her chest she stared at the two from across the room. Why wasn't she moving for the door? A growl snapped her from her thoughts, causing her hand to shoot behind her back. Grabbing the door handle, she twisted the knob and flung the door open. Darting out of the room she ran into a brick wall with an oof. "We really need to stop meeting like this." Looking up Angela was met with the same dark brown eyes and short, jet black hair, and the smile was still there too, "I just went to get a shirt and - but there's someone in there and I really need to go." The moan that drifted from the door behind her had her eyes shooting wide before she clenched them shut and grit her teeth. The boy in front of her uttered a cuss word which had her eyes snapping back open. "Paul," the boy spat in annoyance as his arms moved to her shoulders yet again. "Hey you ok, did he like traumatize you or something?" "I just… I've never, I can't believe he's doing that on Jessica's bed. She is going to be so mad when she finds out the someone was having se- sex," Angela finally managed to force the word from her mouth, "on her bed." Her hand slapped over her mouth at her outburst, but the boy in front of her just laughed, "Yeah she's probably going to need to clean that when he's done in there." She watched as his nose scrunched up as he talked to her, then his head turned toward a crash and a hoot from down the hall, the volume of the music seemed to have gotten louder since she went into the bedroom. His eyes pinched together before his grip on her shoulder got a little tighter. "You said you were leaving, you want to get out of here? I'll walk you home, this party seems to be getting a little rowdy." There was a sense of urgency behind his words, his focus not solely on her. Angela looked over his face, he seemed innocent enough. She knew that Bella had hung out with someone named Jake from the reservation and if memories served her correct this was one of his friends. "Do you know someone named Jake?" Angela blurted while watching his face for any sign that he might. A smile split across his face, "Yeah me and Jake we're - uh we've been friends for a long time." His hand was on the back of his neck rubbing in a nervous manner as he spoke, his eyes darting all around the cramped hallway. Her eyes pinched together in concentration and that's when it hit her, "Haven't I seen you before on First Beach?" With that his eyes flicked back to her searching her face, "Now that you mention it," Embry said taking a closer look at her face, "yeah you were with Bella Swan right?" "Yeah," Angela said, a frown pulling at her lips at the thought of her friend. She and Bella got along really well but since the Cullens left she was a completely different person, never sitting with their group always sitting at their old table, staring out the window, so pale and withdrawn. She was worried about her friend, had been for a while, but she knew eventually if Bella needed to talk she would come to her when she was ready. She wasn't one to push like Jessica or one to talk like Lauren. "Well I'm Embry," his hand shot out for Angela to shake. When she took it in her own she gasped in shock at the heat of his hand and her eyes bore into his. Shuffling his feet he looked down the hall again, almost seeming nervous, "So you want me to walk you home?" "Oh I just live a couple of houses down, I can make it." His eyes flicked back to hers before a smile tugged at the corners of his mouth, "S'okay I was just heading home any way, parties really aren't my thing. Paul," Embry said while pointing at the door and scrunching his nose again, "drug me here tonight." Angela shook her head at him before turning and making her way down the hall. As they got into the open living room a rowdy bunch of boys that were wrestling came barreling her way making her body jerk out in shock. Embry's hand shot from beside