-Prologue- Pain. It was surrounding her, filling every crevice of her body. All she wanted was the pain to stop. But, what she really wanted was to be in her loves arms once again. She knew neither would come true. She knew that she was already to far gone to be saved. Every drop of blood that flowed from her. Every ragged breath she took in hopes of surviving. Everything she was doing was futile. She was dying and she knew it. She wasn't going to try and pretend like she wasn't. She wasn't going to try and believe that she would somehow survive. She knew she wasn't going to. It wasn't a movie where the protagonist gets saved at the last minute, and lives happily ever after. It wasn't a warm and happy place where everything would end up okay. It was a thing called life, and it was cold and cruel. It said it was going one way, but decided halfway through to do a complete U-Turn. It was a complete bitch, and many people knew it. She closed her eyes as another wave of pain wracked her body. She felt her blood run down onto the ground beside her. Creating a pool, and a great discomfort for her. The only other things her mind could really lock on was the night sky, and the cold ground beneath her. She had never really realized how beautiful the sky was. Especially the night sky with its hues of black and the twinkling stars within it. The Moon suspended in a timeless cycle stood guard. Its soft silvery glow illuminating everything around her. She felt her mind start to become foggy, and her heart start to slow down. The need to sleep overtaking her body, and extinguishing all other emotion even the pain. She knew she should panic, but she just didn't have any fight left within her. She had done everything she could to protect them, and now she could do nothing else. She could do nothing else, but wait for the inevitable end that awaited her. She could already feel her body start to shut down. It was like a process within her system. First it was the brain, and then it was the heart because it didn't have any instructions to keep pumping blood. Then one by one her arteries and organs would soon follow. Since they didn't have the life sustaining substance that kept them going. Which brought another thought to her muggy brain. The simple fact that her body was so codependent on one thing shocked and scared her. The simple truth was that if your brain got fucked up you were gone. Or you at least had serious problems afterwards. She sighed softly to herself or what was considered between a gasp and a groan. She tried not to do the instinctive sucking in of the breath when pain wracked her body again. She knew her ribs had been messed up, and breathing deeply would only mess her up more. She closed her eyes tightly trying to ignore the pain that had just resurfaced, and the blood around her. She felt the darkness creep its way into her brain, and the icy cold grasp of death creep up her spine. She also ignored the tears that were running down her face. What for? She didn't know, and she didn't have enough energy to find out why. She just wished that before she died she could be with the love of her life again. Wished that she could be nestled in her arms again. Wished she could have the feeling of security and love that always came with it, but none of those things would come true. It wasn't how life worked and she knew it. It sometimes gave you treats, but it always had a master plan behind it. She just wished that things could have turned out differently, but she would never regret what she did. She felt her body start to relax, and she allowed it. She couldn't fight the pain and darkness any more. She knew she was giving up, but she couldn't do anything else. She was to weak to get up and find help, and she couldn't yell or scream. There was nothing she could do. She leaned her head farther into the ground, and sighed softly. She would finally find peace away from the pain, and she was welcoming it. The darkness invaded her senses and gripped her mind. She felt her body plunge into its depth, and felt her body start to release its self from reality. But, as she was consumed she could faintly hear the call of her name. By the voice that would forever fill her heart with love. She just wished they had more time. That was the last thought she had before total darkness descended on her. 2 Years Ago... Isabella Marie Swan had never been more annoyed in her entire life. Not only was she supposed to move in with her dad, but she had to move from warm sunny Phoenix to wet and cold Forks, Washington. Forks was a desolate town in the Olympic Peninsula of northwest Washington State, the small town exists under a near-constant cover of clouds. It rains on this inconsequential town more than any other place in the United States of America. It was from this town and its gloomy, omnipresent shade that her mother had been able to escape with her when she was only a few months old. It was in this town that she been compelled to spend a month every summer until she was fourteen. That was the year that she had finally put her foot down, and instead her father had visited her in California during the summers. She was currently on a plane ride to Forks. Well Port Angeles to be exact since Forks didn't have an actual airport. The flying didn't get to her as much as the daunting fact of her having to be in the car with Charlie. Charlie had actually been pretty nice about the whole ordeal, and had actually been quite happy about her staying with him for any resemblance of permanence. She knew he had been pretty shocked like her mother at her decision of moving to Forks. Since she had made no secret of her distaste for the place, but she had wanted to give her mom and Phil space. Simply for the fact that they had just gotten married, and she really didn't want to know where that was going. She shuddered slightly at the image that appeared in her mind. She closed her eyes briefly trying to shake away the nightmarish image. Once she was successful she opened her eyes, and stared out the window. The sky as they moved closer and closer to Forks had gradually darkened. She once again closed her eyes as the plane started to descend towards the small airport. After only about five minutes the plane touched down onto the ground, and Bella sighed softly. When the plane finally halted, and she was off board she realized it was raining. She sighed slightly to herself. She didn't see this as a bad omen she had long since said goodbye to the Sun. She saw Charlie standing beside his cruiser, but wasn't surprised. Since Charlie was the Chief of Police for the good people of Forks. She walked towards him with her luggage, and he gave her an awkward one armed hug when she reached him. "It's good to see you Bells. How's Reneé?" He asked with a smile when he pulled back. "It's good to see you too Dad. Mom's doing good," She replied as she put her luggage in the trunk. She saw Charlie smile at her response as he walked towards the passenger side and opened the door for her. She closed the trunk with a clank and walked towards her seat. She slid into the cruiser, and waited as Charlie rounded it and got in. They were soon on the road and heading towards her new home. The conversation towards Forks mostly consisted of small talk about the weather. The rest of it was in relative silence. She looked at Forks as the entered it. It was beautiful, of course; she couldn't deny that. Everything was green: the trees, their trunks covered with moss, their branches hanging with a canopy of it, the ground covered with ferns. Even the air filtered down greenly through the leaves. It was too green – an alien planet. They soon reached Charlie's house. He still lived in the small, two-bedroom house that he'd bought with her mother in the early days of their marriage. Which was was really only days of their marriage- the early ones. Bella sighed once again, and grabbed her luggage from the trunk. It took only one trip to get all of it up, and she was currently standing in the middle of her room. The room was familiar; it had belonged to her since she was born. The wooden floor, the light blue walls, the peaked ceiling, the yellowed lace curtains around the window – these were all a part of her childhood. The only changes Charlie had ever made were switching the crib for a bed and adding a desk as she grew. The desk now held a second-hand computer, with the phone line for the modem stapled along the floor to the nearest phone jack. This was a stipulation from her mother, so that they could stay in touch easily. The rocking chair from her baby days was still in the corner. Luckily for her the best thing about Charlie was that he didn't hover. He allowed her to get packed and settled without interrupting. A feat that would be near impossible for her mother. It was nice not having to put on a mask, and let a few tears slip. She wasn't ready to really all out cry she would save that for bed. She sighed softly to herself and decided to take a shower. Soon she was standing under the hot blaze of water. Her heard was leaning against the tiled wall. She was trying to not let tomorrow get to her, but she wasn't succeeding in the slightest. Forks high school was a horrifying three hundred and fifty-seven - now fifty-eight- students. There was seven hundred kids in her junior class alone. All the kids that went to Forks grew up together. Their grandparents were toddlers together. She would be the curiosity, the freak from a big city. With a sigh she turned off the water and stepped out of the shower. She wrapped a towel around herself and dried herself off. Once she was as dry as she could get. She changed into her pajamas and started brushing her damp and tangled hair. Bella stared at her reflection in the mirror, and sighed heavily. Maybe if she had looked like a girl from Phoenix she wouldn't be as much of a freak. But, instead she had ivory skin that could be considered as pretty, and long mahogany brown hair. She didn't even have an athletic body. No matter what she always had a slender body, and was soft, and she wouldn't be lying when she said she couldn't play sports. It would be better for everyone and herself if she didn't get close. She knew that it wasn't just her appearance that she was freaking out about. It was her personality as well. If she couldn't find a niche in a population of more than three thousand. What were her chances here? The thought plagued her mind as she got into bed forgoing dinner, and as the night grew on many tears slipped from her eyes, but that question still remained; How would she fit into a place, that was so guarded? The next morning Bella was all ready for school. The thick fog outside caused