Hi guys! My new fanfiction is Hunger Games from Peeta's POV. I hope you will like it. I'm not entirely sure this will be good, so please review to let me know if it is worth continuing. Thanks a lot for reading :) Chapter 1 – Reaping Day It's warm summer morning in the end of June. Today I'm free from my work in bakery so I'm sitting under an apple tree in our backyard and drawing. In a normal world, children and teenagers would be happy that the summer holidays are coming. Not here. We're not living in a normal world. In our world the end of school before summer means fear. Fear that you have a chance to be reaped as a tribute for Hunger Games. If they pull out your name, you have to go into an arena and fight for your life with another 23 tributes. Only one can be the victor. There is a lot of kids between 12 and 18 here, so there is only a slight chance they will pull out my name, but it is still there. Some kids have to sign their names more times to get some extra food for their families. I'm lucky I don't have to do this. I have two older brothers Rye and Bannock. Bannock is the eldest. He is 19, so he's out of the Hunger Games. He's a lot like my mother, cold and calculating, almost never sharing his feelings or worries. Ray is year and a half older than me. And he's exact opposite of Bannock. He's friendly, funny, popular between friends and he likes girls a lot (and they like him). He sneaks cupcakes for them, but I don't like how often he changes girls. He has his bad habits though. One of the worst is how he likes to share his experiences with me. He speaks about everything. Including his time with girls. I spent many morning shifts with him, listening how he slept with that girl yesterday or how the other one kisses so good. So in the end I have a very good knowledge about which girl in our district is a good kisser and which one is not. But even though I like Ray much more then Ban. I am 16 years old now. I'm quite talkative too (we inherited that from our dad I guess), but I don't share such a deep things as Ray with everyone. I like frosting the cakes most in the bakery. I'm kind of an artist, I like drawing and sketching. I don't have as many girls as Ray (even though I think that I could if I wanted to). In fact I love just one girl. That's all about me for now. And if you're wondering, yes, we're named after bread types, my parents have a good sense of humor. My family runs a bakery and we're one of the wealthier families in 12. Even though we usually can't eat most of the things we bake. Only the left overs. But that is still better than starving. Most families from Seam would happily live a week from our leftovers from one day. One stale bread would be enough to feed one Seam family for a day or more. This thought leads my mind to her. You ask me who is she? Well definitely the best and most beautiful girl in this world. I met her first when I was just five years old. My father pointed her out during our first school day. Then she sang in music assembly and her voice was so beautiful and close to angel, that it was like she was casting a magic on me and I had a crush on her since then. She's a girl from poor Seam family. She has a little sister Prim and kind parents. Her father was a hunter and used to trade squirrels with my father. I used to see him coming almost every morning with game to trade for bread. One day when I was seven years old and I started to help in the bakery, he came and she was with him. For the first time hunting. Since then she came with him every morning. After a several months one day they knocked on the door and it was not her father who traded this time. He was standing behind her and she clutched a dead squirrel in her hand. Proud of her first clear shot squirrel, trading it with my father. He gave them two loaves of bread that day. She looked so proud of her job it made me smile. I used to spy on her at school or whenever I met her. She used to be happy, smiling and she liked to sing a lot. I loved to listen to her singing. Even when it was in secret. During all those years, I got used to sketch a lot and I learned how to draw. I liked it very much, it was something which calmed me down always. I used to do it at home, in my free time or at school, when I was bored. She was my subject very often. I used to study her features during classes, the looks in her eyes, her smile. When I liked her appearance in some moment, I kept it in my mind and drew it later. Thanks to her, I created this habit of sitting on roof of the bakery and watching the district. Even when I didn't have the morning shift, I used to wake up early. Before dawn often. And so I climbed out of my window and sat on our roof. I could see all the town center, school, meadow and Seam too. And one morning, I saw her. Coming out of her house in the seam and quietly going to the fence. She stopped for a moment in front of the fence, probably to assure there's no electricity, and then she climbed out through it. And since that time, I climbed out on the roof every free morning and I watched her going to the forest. Even though I have never talked to her, I knew her very well thanks to all of this stalking. I knew that the one thing she loved on this world was her family, especially her little sister Prim. She seemed happy and content. But that was about to change soon. It was a cold January day, we were 11 and we were just at school, having our history class. I was just drawing her, when a loud ring made us all jump. It was not an ordinary school bell. No this was much worse. It was an alarm bell which usually announces accident in the mines. Katniss was the first one to jump up and run out of the class. I run after her, but the only thing I could see was how she took Prim's hand and they run away with scared faces. It's not usual for town kids to care about this very much, but I did went to the mines to see it. To see if her dad is involved in this accident. I secretly peeked at the place. It seemed that there was an explosion. I came there just to see Katniss and Prim to come to their mum, sitting on the ground and crying. Prim started to cry uncontrollably and Katniss was just staring at them in shock for a while. Then she hugged them both and I saw how silent tears traced down her cheeks. My heart ached when I saw her like that. I wanted to hug her, to comfort her, to help her somehow, but instead I run off. Coward! A week later, there was a ceremony for the families of the dead miners and we were supposed to supply some pastries in there. My dad was going to get it there and I volunteered to help him. It was terribly tragic. There were so many Seam kids without fathers and I wondered who would take care about them... Who would feed them? We were just witnessing their grief with my dad. I felt so hopeless. I wanted to help her somehow. But even after all that terrible things, she was so brave for an eleven year old girl. As the oldest child she was the one who came up for the medal they got to remember their father. There were no tears on her face and she was looking so calm. If my dad would die like that I would cry like a little kid. But since then, they were getting only worse. As they had no father to earn money or get food, they were getting thinner every month. Both Katniss and Prim. The happiness had gone away from their faces and Katniss was not singing any more. Never. She always wore a cold mask on her face, not willing to show her true feelings to anyone, but I could see them in her eyes. I don't know how they got through the winter, but in the end, they were on the edge of starving. I was already making a plan how to sneak out bread for her, when that day came. That day when we finally met alone. I was helping my mother in the bakery. She went out with some garbage and I heard her screaming at someone. I was wondering what happened so I looked out. And I saw her... Katniss was just running further away from my mother, while she was screaming something about Seam brats. When my mum came back in through the window I saw that Katniss is still there. In a heap under our apple tree, probably too weak to move. I don't know why I did it, but I just did when it came to my mind. When I was getting two loaves of bread out of the oven, I slipped them down into the flames. On purpose. Just for a second so it would not be absolutely damaged. It was enough for my mother though. She hit me with a big steering spoon, right into my face. My vision got black for a moment and I had to hold onto a table so I would not fall down. It hurt but I guess it's worth it if it saves Katniss and her family. She told me to give the bread to pigs. So I went out. Immediately I felt her eyes on me. I went down the porch towards the pigs, pretending to feed them. I tore a few burned chunks and threw them into the pig pen. Then I carefully peered back if my mother isn't looking. Then I tossed the bread towards Katniss. She gave me a long unbelieving look and I turned around and went back towards the house. When I looked back on porch I saw her standing up, holding the bread and running away. Next day at school, I could see that she's much better. And Prim is too. They looked more normal and Prim was even laughing. When I watched Katniss how she waited for Prim in front of the school, she looked at me unexpectedly. I looked down immediately and I felt a blush coming to my face. Damn me! Why do I always do that when she looks at me? When I dared to look at her again, she was picking a dandelion. Then her face lit up with a warm smile, which I haven't seen for so long. When Prim arrived seconds later, she said something happily to her and they both run off laughing, holding their hands. I don't know why she smiled or what were they doing, but I felt better for her. Since then, they looked better and occasionally you could see a smile on Katniss's face too. Two months later, I was surprised one morning. I had the morning shift in the bakery