Hey guys! This is my brand new story about Katniss. It is a little different than usual stories, but I just liked this idea. This story will be about friendship, love and broken heart, but I have a feeling it will be a happy end. :) I hope you will like it as much as my other stories. See you for now! Disclaimer: Hunger Gakes belong to Susan Collins and so does my main characters. Chapter 1: Best Friends When I was five years old, a new family moved into our neighborhood during summer. Most of the families in here were poorer ones, but luckily none of the families were starving. They have always something to eat, but only because both parents were usually working really long hours. This family was different though. They have bought the house on the end of the street and on the corner of the crossroad, they have built a little building, which became a bakery, because it was their family business. So unlike the other families in this neighborhood, they had enough money for their lives. One day, I was looking into the bakery windows and I was looking at all the beautiful cakes and cupcakes and muffins inside. My stomach grumbled at the sight. The only thing we usually had at home was bread. We didn't have enough money to buy sweets or luxuries. The only day I got something good was usually my birthday, when my parents bring me a cupcake to eat. There are other special days like Christmas, Easter or New Year's day, but those are really rare. And as I stared longingly at the beautiful cupcakes, I didn't notice a boy who came to me. He had blond wavy hair, cheerful blue eyes and huge shining smile. He was same age as me. And I had no idea that he will change my life entirely. "Would you like one of those cupcakes?" he says and I jump at his voice, because I haven't seen him. "I would, but they are too expensive for my parents to buy." I say and look down, because I don't want to look into his eyes. "Wait here." he says and runs inside with a smile. Inside, he climbs onto the counter and talks with the baker, flashing a puppy eyes at him. By the way they act I realize he must be his Daddy. The baker goes to the back of the shop with a smile and comes back with a plain cupcake which is not frosted yet and with a frosting bag in his hands. He hands the bag to the boy and he helps him put the frosting on the cupcake. Than the boy grabs a handful of purple sprinkles which are shaped like butterflies and he throws them at the frosting. The boy gives the baker a huge smile, jumps down from the counter and runs to the door. That's when I realize that the baker is looking at me. It scares me and I don't want him to think I want his goods for free so I start to run away just when the little boy comes out of the door. "Wait!" he calls and I stop on the other side of the road, sitting down on the edge. He runs to me and gives me a smile. "It's for you." he says and holds the cupcake in front of me with a very shy smile. It's not as perfect as the cupcakes made by the baker, but it's nice. And the boy frosted it all by himself just for me which makes me feel special. "I can't take it for free." I shake my head. "Okay, then we'll do a trade." he smiles at me. "I don't have money." I say sadly and I really feel sad, because the cupcake smells so good. "We won't trade for money." he says. "I will give you this cupcake if you tell me your name and if you promise you will be my friend." he smiles. "Really?" I ask surprised. "Yeah." he says and blushes a little. "You know we just moved in here and I don't have any friends in here." he says sadly. "Okay." I find myself smiling widely at the sight of the cupcake. "I accept the trade but under one condition." "What is it?" he asks. "We will share the cupcake." I say. "Okay." he smiles. "You bite first though." he says and extends his hand towards my mouth. I don't hesitate this time and I bite into it. It is soft and sweet and the sugar frosting tastes like heaven. "Mmm." I hum and smile "It's yummy." the boy smiles at me as he bites into the cupcake too. Then he gives me the rest. "I'm glad you like it. I frosted it and I helped Daddy when he was baking them!" he says proudly. "Really? You can bake them too?" "Well I can't do it on my own yet, but I help Daddy a lot and I will do them all by myself soon." he says and again he has a proud smile on his face. I smile back at him. "Will you bring me one to taste when you bake them on your own?" I ask with a smile. "I will, I promise." he says and smiles again. "I'm Peeta." he says and extends his hand towards me. "I'm Katniss." I smile and shake his hand with a smile. "Do you live in here?" he asks. "Yes, I live in that brown house. Three houses down from yours." I say and point at our house. "That's great!" he says excitedly "We can go to school together and we can play together if you want." "Okay." I smile. "There are not many other kids in this neighborhood we could play with." I say. It's true. There is just few kids around my age in here and they prefer to watch TV and play computer or video games. "But the good thing is that I can have the entire playground for myself." I grin. "Well not anymore." he grins back at me. "Do you have any brothers or sisters?" I ask him. "Two brothers, but they are way older than me. Rye is 9 and Dean is 13. What about you?" he asks as I eat the rest of the cupcake. "I have a little sister. She is just one year old now." I say. Then I notice my mum is on the garden and she's looking around probably looking for me. "I have to go Peeta." I say. "But I promise we can play together. Come whenever you want." I say and smile at him. He smiles back. "And..." I consider how I should thank him for the cupcake he gave me. "Thanks for the cupcake." I smile and give him a soft peck on the cheek. His cheeks blush and I run home so my mum would not be worried. When I turn around by our house, he's still sitting on the edge of the road and looking at me. I smile and wave at him and he does the same. And that day was the start of our friendship. Next time I saw him was on Monday, when I went to school for the first time. My Dad walked me to school because my mum had a shift in the hospital. She's a nurse. So when my Dad walked me to school, he also gave me a gift. He gave me a soft brown teddy bear with a green shirt. He said that I can keep him at school so I would not feel alone before I make some new friends. I suspect he already saw that I'm not very friend-making person. But as we were lining up in front of the school, I suddenly noticed the baker from our street. And the hand he held belonged to no one else than my new friend Peeta. He caught my eye and I grinned at him and waved. He grinned and waved back and even the baker smiled slightly as he saw me. I sat down in the classroom nervously and waited for someone to sit beside me. I was always nervous about making new friends. Honestly I don't know how Peeta even managed to be friends with me so quickly. And in another moment someone sat next to me and when I looked up I saw that it's Peeta. We smiled at each other widely and then he spoke up. "Can I sit here?" he asks. "Yes." I smile. The first day was not too bad. We started writing the letter A and counting to five in maths and then we had a class where we drew. The teacher told us to draw something we really liked during the last week. The first thing which came to my mind was Peeta's cupcake. And so I tried to draw it. I really tried, but it looked terrible. So I crumpled the paper and threw in on the floor frustrated that I couldn't draw it even the third time. "Why did you do that it didn't look bad." Peeta says sadly. "It did!" I say angrily "It was terrible." he just sighs, shakes his head and comes back to his drawing. He's drowning a bouquet of flowers and it looks really nice. "My Dad gave them to my mum on her birthday." he says while drawing. "They were really beautiful." "I wish I could draw like you." I say sadly as I watch him. "I can teach you." he smiles as the bell rings announcing the end of the class. He looks and me with his drawing in his hand. "You can keep it." he smiles at me. "Really?" I ask. "Yes." he says and gives it to me. I smile at him and put it into my bag between my books so it would not get crumpled. When we have a break I feel hungry so I take out my snack. It's an apple. I bite into it and it's a little sour, but I don't mind. Peeta takes out a delicious looking sandwich which is quite big for him and two muffins. I try not to look at his snack too longingly, but he must feel me watching. "Is that apple your snack?" he asks. "Yeah." I say "I don't eat too much." "Oh okay." he says and looks at his snack. "So I guess you would not like helping me with mine." he says casually. I look at him to see if he's serious. And obviously he is. He's trying to hold a serious face but in a moment a grin breaks on his lips. "Come on, help me, I can't eat all of it. Let's say, that you want to rescue me from being fat." he smiles and puts his huge sandwich towards my mouth. I can smell the cheese and ham in it and my mouth waters hungrily. The sandwich hovers in front of my lips for a few more seconds and then I am overpowered by hunger and I bite into it. "There you go." Peeta smiles widely and he bites into the sandwich from the other side. We finish his sandwich during the break and then he gives me one of the muffins. "Peeta you can't give me food like that." I say feeling bad that I gave him nothing for it. "Why not?" he asks "You don't have enough and I have plenty." he smiles. "Get used to it, because I plan to do it every day." he threatens with a smile and after a few moments I give him a smile too. Our last class is music, which I'm excited about and Peeta is not. When the class starts, the teacher asks who knows the Valley Song. I shoot my hand up, because that is my most favorite song ever. My Dad taught me a lot