Hi everyone! This is my new fanfiction. Chracters from Hunger Games in modern teenage world. I enjoy wiritng it really much so I hope you will like it too. Sorry from grammar and spelling mistakes I'm really trying. Main characters belong to Suzanne Collins not me. Chapter 1: Beginning Of Friendship I wake up early in the morning, the sun is just rising. I wonder what woke me up then. It's quiet around and when I look at the alarm clock it says 5:30. I hear a quiet babbling of a little baby from the crib which is on the other side of my bedroom. I stand up and make my way to the crib to see, if she's awake. "Mamaaa" she exclaims as I look down at her. It makes me smile. Since the day she said it for the first time I can't get used to it, but it always makes my heart warmer with love. "Morning Rosie." I smile and pick her up. "How come you're not sleeping, huh?" she just smiles at me. "You don't wanna sleep anymore?" I ask her as I walk to my bed. "Nooo." she says and gives me another smile. "Do you want to go to bed with mama?" I ask. "Yeees." she exclaims and laughs. So I lay back into my bed and sit her next to me. She starts playing with my old teddy bear and I can't believe how quickly is she growing. I remember it like yesterday, when I was in labor and I thought I will die from the pain. But I did not. I survived and was rewarded with this little bundle of joy. Even though she's a result of rape, I love her. She's the best thing in my life. I was only fourteen when I was raped and I still didn't absolutely get over it. In the beginning I jumped up every time someone touched me. I would get panic attacks and flashbacks. Slowly, after few weeks, I got used to my Mum and Prim touching me. My friends were there for me and they were trying to make it easier for me. During these three years, I got used to them touching my hand or arm or even hugging me. It's easier with my girl friends. However Gale and Finnick are a problem. They're both my close friends and they tried a lot, but I'm still anxious when one of them tries to hug me. I usually start trembling and get out of that hug as soon as possible. All in all I have six good friends. Madge is my oldest and best friend. We know each other from kindergarten. Then there's Gale, I know him since I was ten years old. Then there is also Thresh, he's a good guy from my neighborhood. I know these three from my elementary school. Then there is Annie, Johanna and Finnick. I met these three at high school. Annie and Finnick are a couple. They are really cute and no one would doubt that it is true love. Annie is a quiet, romantic soul, she's always kind and caring, but you don't wanna see her when she's furious. Finnick is a charming handsome guy. Athletic body, bronze hair and impossibly green eyes. He could have any girl in the school with his flirting skills and body. But he choose Annie and that's why many girls hate her. Johanna is a rebel kind of person. She seems that she doesn't care about anyone, but once you become her true friend she's very protective. Overprotective sometimes. So those are my real friends. Then there are many other kids at school, but most of them don't like me. Many of them make fun of me. Particularly the gang of the most popular kids at school, led by Glimmer. She's a head cheerleader and she thinks she's a queen of this school. There is a lot of girls around her, they admire her and do anything she wants. Her best friend is Cashmere, she's same like Glimmer. Both of them fake, covered in makeup and in the shortest skirts they can find. There are also boys in their gang, they're all the same, they like bullying smaller kids, they make fun of people they don't like, they chase girls for fun. The biggest jerk of them is surely a blue eyed blond show-off Peeta Mellark. He's an idiot and I hate him. He changes girls every other day and most of the girls are insanely after him. I can't see why. Maybe he is handsome and he has nice muscles, but that's all. Inside he is an empty idiot. That's just a short description of my school life. I live with my loving mum and my adorable little sister Prim. They both help me a lot with Rosie. My mum takes her to day care every morning after we went to school and before she goes to the hospital. Then I pick her up there after the school. My dad died when I was eleven and Prim was seven. He worked as a workman, building houses. There was some accident and he fell of the roof, breaking his neck. Thanks to his insurance, we were able to buy a little house and a car for me and mum too. Not that the money could make up for the loss of my dad. But back to reality. My daughter is still sitting on my bed and playing with my teddy bear. I got him from my dad when I was five. For my first day of school, so I would not be afraid being there alone. I play with her for a while, but at 6:30 I really have to get up. I let her play on my bed while I get dressed and I keep my eyes on her. Then I change her into her clothes and we go down to the kitchen, where my mum is already cooking something for breakfast. "Good morning girls." mum says with a smile. "Morning." I say. Rosie stays quiet. "Say Hi to Granny, Rosie." I tell her she just smiles shyly and looks at my mum. "Hi." she says quietly. Prim comes in a while and we eat our breakfast in our usual routine. "Come on Prim! We have to go or we're late to school." I yell up the stairs. "Coming!" she yells back. "Mamaaa!" Rosie whines by my feet. "Oh don't worry, Bunny. Granny will take you to day care and I'll pick you up in the afternoon okay?" I say picking her up. She looks sad. Her nickname Bunny comes from my pregnancy. When I got my first ultrasound photo, she was in a weird position, her hands were up by her chin and Prim said she looks like a little bunny. And we started to call her like that. "Besides it's last week of school and then we'll be together all summer okay?" I smile at her. "You promise?" she asks with pleading eyes. "I promise." I whisper and smile at her. She hugs me tight. She's still a little worried to let go of me. "See you, Bunny." I say as I go out of the door. "Bye bye Mama!" she calls. When I come to school, I'm lucky to find a parking spot. I get to my locker, take my books out and head to the class. Unfortunately I pass Glimmer's gang on my way and she won't let me go unnoticed. "Hey slut! How is your little bastard?" she calls in a provoking voice. I just ignore her and quicken my pace. When I get to the classroom I sit on my usual spot. "What's wrong with you today, Katniss?" asks Johanna who sits with Madge on the right from me. We're all sitting close to each other. Gale and Thresh are sitting behind me, Madge and Johanna are next to me and Annie sits with Finnick behind Madge and Johanna. I sit alone and I don't mind it at all. Sometimes I even like solitude. "Nothing." I say annoyed. "Just walked into some idiots on my way." I mumble. "Is it that Glimmer again?" Johanna asks in angry voice "I could beat her up for you." she says. "Kick her ass and punch her face so no makeup would help her." I snicker over the image and wave her offer away. "Leave her be, she's just dumb." I say and then we went quiet because our English Teacher comes in. This Monday feels like never-ending, but finally at three o'clock, I head out of school and to my car. I pick up Prim and then we pick up Rosie from day care. The day goes on quite normally as we get home. The rest of the week goes like this until Friday, which is going to change everything. "Honey, we have a problem with tomorrow. They told me that the day care will be closed and I wasn't able to change my shift." mum says. Well it's the last day of school, it will not harm me to stay home. "I can stay home, it's the last day of school, it's okay." I say. "Ohh, no no no young lady. You're not going off school. I called the director and you can take Rosie with you. He said it's okay." she says and my mouth stays open. "But mum..." I want to argue, but she won't let me. "No buts Katniss. You must try your best at school so you would get into college." I just sigh. We had this argument so many times. I don't want to go to college, but I'm not into arguing about it again. "Okay." I give up and go upstairs. The next morning, I drop Prim at her school and park at our school. I'm here early on purpose. I don't need Glimmer to call insults after me, while Rosie can hear. I turn around and see her excited face. "Rosie, you must promise me something." I say in a serious voice. She just nods. "While we're at school, I have to pay attention and learn. So you have to be very quiet okay?" I ask. "Okay mama." she smiles. "You can draw something for Auntie Prim or Granny." I smile at her. I take a deep breath, take Rosie and her stuff and head to the school. I take my things out of my locker and I'm lucky to get into the class unnoticed by Glimmer or anyone else from her gang. Luckily it's the last day of school and there's not much to do. Teachers usually give us some homework for summer and then they let us do whatever we want. In science, we are watching a document about bees and in maths we play some game. The teachers are kind enough to leave me be. As much as my schoolmates are giving me hard time, our teachers are very kind to me. I'm grateful for that. My last class is music. None of my friends are there with me. They prefer sports and other things. Well I don't mind because there is only nine of us in this class and none of the kids is from Glimmer's friends. Mrs. Trinket is already there when I arrive ten minutes earlier. "Oh hi Katniss. Who is this?" she asks with a smile as she notices my daughter. "Hi! I'm Rosie." she beams. I guess she's never gonna be a shy person like me. "Hi Rosie! I'm Mrs. Trinket." she smiles. "Katniss we will work in pairs today, each one will be in their own practice room. I guess you'll take the one with the piano won't you?" I just nod. "Then you can take Rosie in there before the others come." she smiles at me. "Thanks." I smile gratefully and take Rosie. "Okay Bunny, you play here, I'll be back in five minutes okay?" I say.