A/N: Hello everyone, and welcome to our new story. We are really excited about this one, and looking forward to this adventure that will be quite a change of pace from Stupid Volvo Owner. This story is also being highlighted on FicSisters this morning, so we are also so psyched about that as well :) As well as a a brief description of how this story came about, there will also be a teaser for Chapter 2. Hope you all enjoy :) A blur flashed past Edward Cullen's office, with muttered obscenities he'd been expecting since he'd read the office-wide email minutes earlier. The door across from his slammed, followed by an audible "Argh!", and he watched as the source of the ruckus dropped her bag on the floor, the folders in her arm flew across the desk, and she sat hard in her chair. Grabbing his jacket from the back of his chair, he powered off his monitor and made his way over to her door, tapping twice with his knuckles before cracking it open. Her face spun toward him with a few tears streaming down her cheeks, but those weren't any ordinary tears. Her eyes were nearly black, her jaw clenched, and her nostrils flared with every breath; she was angry, and deservedly so. "Come on, grab your purse and let's get out of here." Bella shook her head, leaning back in her chair with a frustrated sigh. "I'm fine, Edward. I just need a few minutes." "I've heard, and you're not fine. Let's go, first round is on me," Edward insisted, nodding toward the doors. She returned her gaze to him with a raised eyebrow. "And the second." She sighed in resignation, glancing down at the mess she'd created on her desk, and nodded. "Yeah, I guess it wouldn't hurt to cut out five minutes early on a Friday like this. Wouldn't want to rip any pompous asshole's head off or anything when he arrives to gloat. And it's not like I haven't put in a shitload of overtime for absolutely nothing lately." She was rambling, an indication of how angry she was, and for a good reason. Edward leaned against the doorframe, waiting as she stacked the folders into a pile again and then grabbed her purse from the desk drawer. She blew by him, noticeably ignoring the stares and whispers around her as they made their way to the front exit. Five minutes later, they sat side by side at the bar just around the corner from their office building. It wasn't the first time they had done this. In the three years since Bella had come to work for Sherman & Associates Architectural Firm, she and Edward had developed both a professional and personal rapport. They admired one another's work, which had led to the occasional shared lunch or drink after work, and to what had become a genuine friendship. So the current situation was nothing new for them. "Corona and a double shot of tequila," Bella said, removing the pin from her hair and letting dark waves fall around her shoulders. Well, that was new. Only twice before had Edward seen her drink anything but a couple glasses of wine, or if it was a special occasion like her birthday, something along the lines of a Piña Colada . Once was when her landlord had opted to not renew her lease, even though she had never missed a rent payment, claiming damage to property. And the other was when her boyfriend admitted to cheating on her. Yet, even then, she'd only switched over to beer or liquor … not both. She wasn't just angry, she was livid. After tossing back her shot, she began shaking her head, her features still tight. "I've just had it, you know? I am so sick and tired of it all. You know how hard I worked on that design, and he did nothing . My ideas, my concepts, my work, and he gets lead? All because he's the bosses' nephew. And then, the cherry on top, I'm not even on the team. All that work, and I'm just going to have to hand it over. This is bullshit!" Edward tipped his own beer to his lips and nodded. "I couldn't agree more. And everyone knows he spends more time on Facebook and texting his girlfriend than actually working. So, who knows, maybe him blowing this opportunity as we all know he will could be the last straw to open his uncle's eyes." "I've already reached my last straw," Bella answered, flagging down the bartender to order another shot, while simultaneously taking a few prolonged swallows of her beer. "I can't stand the office politics anymore. When drive and hard work are overshadowed by who you know or are related to, this is not a place I want to be. Or can afford to be for that matter, if I ever want to get anywhere. I'm not content to sit on my ass and do the same boring thing that requires minimal thought or creativity, or fuck, even architectural knowledge whatsoever. A third grader's stick figures are more innovative than anything that asswipe could ever come up with on his own. I think it's time I start looking for a new job." Her statement gave Edward pause, bringing him to set his beer down on the bar and turn his head toward her. "You're considering leaving?" "No, I've been considering leaving for a while now, in the back of my mind. I don't want to be one of those people who sits idle in a job that will get them nowhere, just because it's secure and they are too scared to take the shot at something better, you know?" Bella replied, shrugging her shoulders. "For three years, I've worked my ass off, and for what? To sit and do the same shit year after year. No growth, no challenge. Every time I strive for something better, all I'm left with is the self-doubt and wondering what I could have done better or different. This time, I know there was nothing. I did everything right, and I still got fucked over. I could do so much better than this shit, even if I have to work my way up from the bottom all over again. They are so archaic and misogynistic. We lost some great potential clients that could get the company's name in magazines because of their attitudes." "That's very true." Edward's voice was somewhat distant as he distractedly nursed his beer. That caused her to cock an eyebrow in question. "Am I wrong?" "No, I just said that was true, Bella." "Yeah, with that look." "What look?" " That one," she emphasized, pointing to his face. His thick brown eyebrows furrowed further, and her calling him out had him running his hands over his unruly reddish-brown hair. "See, I know that look. I've seen that look, and it always preludes something you have to say. So say it." The last time she seen it…well, she didn't want to think about it. It wasn't the time or the place. Edward schooled his features, but his game face was just as familiar to her. "There was no look. I was just thinking." Bella turned on her stool, with her elbow resting on the bar to look at him. "Spill it, Edward." "Wow, tequila makes you bossy," Edward taunted with a grin, causing her to narrow her eyes at him. His features turned serious again and he shifted to face her directly as well. "There has been something I've wanted to talk to you about for a while now. I put my notice in four days ago." Bella's hand flew up to her mouth to keep from spewing beer all over him in her shock at his sudden revelation, her eyes widened as far as they would go, until she composed herself enough to swallow. "You what? You're leaving? Why didn't you tell me? And how didn't news like that spread through the entire building in thirty seconds flat? What the hell, Edward!" "If you'll let me get a word in edgewise, I will explain," he replied, causing her to give a frustrated sigh and purse her lips with her eyes staring at the ceiling for a moment. Once she had brought her gaze back to him and folded her arms over her chest, he continued. "First of all, the partners asked me to keep it quiet for now, and they are still trying to throw numbers around to try and convince me to stay. I won't take any of it, because my mind is firmly made up, but I didn't want to distract you, either. Your focus was on this project, and I was so sure you were going to get it. And if you did, I knew what a huge opportunity that would be for you, so there was no way I was going to stand in the way of that." "Edward," Bella interrupted, snapping her fingers in front of him to catch his attention. "You're rambling. What are you talking about?" "I'm going freelance. I've stopped taking on new clients for the firm and I am wrapping up the projects I can within the next month, and anything else will be delegated out. And for essentially the same reasons you just gave," Edward answered with a shrug. "And what could be more of a challenge than starting your own business, right?" "Wow, that's pretty amazing, and not to mention daring. You're serious about this." "Very. I have been scoping locations for months, doing research on what is required for business licenses and such. I've just gotten the loan for the office space, and acquired a few potential clients that seem decently promising. Two of them were looking into hiring me again through the firm for expansions on previous projects, but when I told them I was not taking on any new clients, they declined on signing another contract. So I've been working on my bids for them." "Wow, that's just… I don't know what to say. Besides congratulations, this is awesome. But why didn't you tell me?" "Honestly, you were the first person I thought of to tell once I made my decision." He smiled at her, shrugging as that grin fell. "Then the Bowman Housing Development crossed your desk and I knew I couldn't distract you with my news." She let his words sink it, took another long drink from her beer, aware that he was watching her. "If we're going for honesty here, yeah, if you had told me, I definitely would've been distracted." Try devastated; he was the only person aside from Angela and Ben at work she was friends with, yet she would've been excited and happy for him. It was such a huge step. "Still upset you didn't tell me." "I apologize." She nodded absently, deep in thought when it suddenly occurred to her. "Wait a minute. That project landed on my desk almost a year ago, Edward." "More like nine months," he teased, quick to smile when she only glared at him. "I was planning on telling you today regardless, even if things had gone well." She rolled her eyes and tapped her shot glass on the bar top, quickly getting a refill. The look she leveled at him would have sent most men running for the hills. "I thought we were friends , Edward. Tell me if the situation was reversed, you wouldn't be upset?" It was true; he would've been. However, the conversation was steering toward dangerous territory, so he decided to get to the point. "I wanted to ask you to be my partner." That time, Bella couldn't contain the cough. "What is it with you and making big announcements while I'm mid drink tonight?" She wiped her mouth, giving the bartender a quiet thank you for the towel he handed her. "Lush." Edward's crooked grin when he