A/N: This is a one shot we wrote for the Fandom4LLS compilation this year, and we hope you enjoy! Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. It was the day Bella had been dreading for months. Every time her father had mentioned coming up to Seattle for a visit, she conjured up an excuse like a paper she needed to finish for class or that she was busy with work, promising to go to Forks to see him instead. She had none this time; her last semester was over and she was on vacation from work, and he wouldn't take no for an answer. He'd be there within the hour. Her stomach was in knots as her eyes scanned Edward's bedroom for any trace that she'd ever so much as set foot within it. Knowing her luck, her dad would find that one strand of her hair on his pillow, collect it as evidence, and that would be the end of it. As she was Fabreezing his bed one last time, she jumped with a shriek when Edward came up behind her, his long fingers stroking from her neck to her shoulders and massaging them as he gently kissed her cheek. She hadn't expected him since she sent him to the store. "Baby, it's been a year. Wouldn't it be easier to just tell him?" Edward asked, wrapping his arms around her. "He's going to find out someday, right?" "Someday, not today," Bella answered and felt his forehead rest on her shoulder. She turned in his arms to look at him and took his face between her hands. "You know it has nothing to do with you, or how I feel about you, or any of that. I am so happy with you and things are really good with us. But my dad will freak out if he finds out that I am dating the guy I'm sharing an apartment with, even with you being that guy. He'll put two and two together, and the only reason he was okay with this living arrangement in the first place was the fact that we were just friends, and always have been. We're supposed to have separate bedrooms and all that. If he knows there's something else between us—" Edward's arms slid around her waist as she spoke, tightening his embrace gradually to pull her closer, before cutting her words off with his lips. Her body slowly began to melt against him, temporarily forgetting the stress of her dad's impending visit from a moment before. He opened his eyes to see hers still closed, her head tilted back slightly as a soft sigh escaped her. "Everything will be fine. If you don't want to tell your dad yet, we won't. But baby, if you don't relax, that's going to give it away faster than a stray sock or out of place earring ever would." "You're right," she whispered. "If he sees me this stressed out, he'll ask why and I can't lie to save my life." Edward chuckled, kissing her neck softly. "No, you can't lie. I'm thankful for it, though. If you could, it would've taken longer for us to finally be together." She smiled at that, rolling her eyes. "You tricked me." "I wanted to know," he murmured, pulling closer. "Who knows how long it would've taken you to tell me how you felt about me if I hadn't made up that story about the non-existent date." He kissed her scowl. "And you didn't seem to be all that angry about it last night." Bella pinched his arm at the suggestive tone of his voice, but she couldn't stop the smile tugging at her lips as her fingers rose to his hair. His murmur vibrated against the skin just beneath her ear and his kisses trailed down her neck, causing her to groan in response and tighten her grip on the strands. "Edward, my father is going to be showing up any minute. Now is not the time." "Just getting you to relax, baby," Edward replied, smirking against her collarbone before lifting his head to peck her lips. "Getting me worked up is not the same as relaxing me. Complete opposite, as a matter of fact," Bella growled as he began walking toward the kitchen again and narrowed her eyes at him when he glanced back at her with an unabashed smirk. "You don't play fair. Payback will be so sweet." Edward poked his head out of the kitchen, wiggling his eyebrows with a wink. "Looking forward to it." Bella had to admit that, despite her fears of how things would change if she and Edward took the step toward a relationship, none of it had come to pass. They had an amazing relationship with plenty of love, passion and heat, but underneath it all, they were also still that boy and girl who enjoyed taunting and playful bantering with one another. And to think, she'd almost missed out on it. She had been shocked when Edward had come home earlier in the week and announced that he had a date with Heidi Bingham, the one girl on campus with the worst reputation. Surely, he could not have been that desperate for a date that he would lower himself to that level. Yet as days passed and Friday night arrived, with no change of mind from Edward, Bella found herself especially anxious. She sat on the couch, watching him move through the apartment getting ready, under the guise of reading a magazine. He'd already come out to ask her opinion on what he was wearing three times so far, and each time she gave a tense "mm-hmm", which he had clearly taken as a no—he'd changed each time. " Like it really matters what you wear, she'll just be trying to get it off you all night anyway," Bella grumbled under her breath, giving up the pretense of the magazine and folding her arms over her chest, her lips pursed tight and legs crossed. " Okay, I better get going so I'm not late," Edward said, coming out of his room a final time, adjusting the collar of his button-down. She noticed that he had also changed out of his jeans and into a nice pair of dress slacks, obviously putting in an insane amount of effort for this date, and she felt her insides coil. "I probably won't be home 'til late, so don't forget to lock up." Bella's foot bounced in irritation watching as he made his way to the door. It was his life, he was free to do as he pleased, she tried to convince herself, but the moment his keys jingled in his hand, she shot off the couch. Racing over to the door, she snatched them from him and stood blocking his way. "You cannot possibly be serious about this? Of all the girls on campus who would love to go out on a date with you, you pick Heidi? She's had more traffic than 7-11. I mean, what are you thinking, Edward? Are you really that desperate to get laid? Because we all know she's a sure thing." Edward folded his arms over his chest and raised an eyebrow at her. "Bella, it's one date. I've had all my focus on school for the last few months, and now the semester is over, so I'm just going out to have some fun. Why are you so upset about it?" " I'm not upset," Bella retorted, though her averted gaze, pursed lips and hallowed cheeks spoke otherwise. " So you've been stomping around the apartment for three days, not speaking to me, and I'm pretty sure you tore a page or two of that magazine with the severity of your page flipping, because you're not upset?" Bella felt the rush of warmth flood her face, hugging her arms tightly around her middle, and she could only shake her head in reply. Her eyes shot up to him as he chuckled, watching him as he started tugging off his tie and walking toward the couch. "What are you doing?" Edward sat down, propping his feet up on the coffee table and folding his hands behind his neck. "It feels so good to be right." " What are you talking about?" " You're jealous." " Excuse me?" Bella shrieked with wide eyes, her voice cracking mid-exclamation. Edward smirked, crossing his ankles and leaning his head back further. "You want me." Bella's laugh echoed through the room as she shook her head vehemently. "What? Oh my god, ew, just no. Where would you get that crazy idea? Because I don't think you should touch Heidi with a fifty foot pole?" " Say you've never thought about me that way and don't want me, Bella," Edward continued, bringing his eyes to her face again. Her face blazed and she even felt a few tears welling up in her eyes. "Of course I haven't. And don't." Edward grins. "I knew it." Bella narrowed her eyes at him; he looked so damned smug. It was probably one of the most humiliating moments of her life, and he looked like the cat who caught the canary. "This isn't funny. Aren't you going to be late?" " Just admit that you're jealous, Bella. There's nothing wrong with it." Bella's fists clenched, her body trembling. "Fine. I'm fucking jealous. Are you happy now? I don't see what difference it makes. Just go off and have a wonderful time with what's-her-face." As Bella attempted to storm past him, Edward caught her hand and gave her a gentle tug, pulling her onto his lap. "All this wasted time." " What's that supposed to mean?" " There is no date, Bella." His whispered response froze her for a moment, and she gazed at him in confusion. There was no date. He never had any intention of going anywhere that night. Oh the little shit! She thought as the realization of what had just happened hit her. "You tricked me. That's not fair. Why would you do that?" " Because I love you." Extremely sneaky and unfair, but even she had to admit when she started talking to him again a couple days later, it really had been the only way he would have been able to break through the wall she had built around herself when it came to him. The thought of losing him was terrifying in itself, but the fear of his rejection if he didn't feel the same only made it worse. And she would have lost out on something absolutely amazing, even when he was being a bit obnoxious. A knock came to the door just then, halting Bella's breath momentarily. I can do this , she thought as she smoothed her hands over her hair and checked her appearance in the hall mirror. Her eyes moved to Edward, still standing by the kitchen and wiggling his eyebrows at her tauntingly. "I'll cut you off," Bella mouthed at him, making a scissors motion with her fingers on the way out the door. "No you won't," he replied with only the movement of his lips and his grin staying in place, just as smug. Cocky ass , she silently cursed, but only because she knew exactly how right he was. They weren't out of control sex fiends, who had to have it every hour of every day or anything, but they did have a very healthy sex life. It was one thing that hadn't changed at all from the beginning of their relationship—and it was one thing that she prayed never would. Bella drew in a deep breath to collect herself after her thoughts moments before, and finally opened the door. "Hi, Dad."