A/N: This was our contribution to the Fandom for Mental Health compilation earlier this year. Hope you enjoy! On a side note, for those wondering if/when we are going to update Strong Foundations and/or Stupid Volvo Owner, we will be starting to update those again hopefully within the next few days. Real life and writer's block has been a real hindrance, but we have not abandoned those stories. Thank you for your patience. Bella had been acting strange for over a week, and I couldn't make heads or tails of it. I also could not honestly say that it wasn't worrying me. I loved that woman to the ends of the earth and back again, and I'd known fairly early on in our relationship that she was it . We met in a very typical fashion; she was a friend of a friend, invited to his birthday party, where we spent the night talking. We were both recently divorced, not looking for anything serious, yet somehow, it found us. Neither of us could stop thinking about the other, and when I saw her again on New Year's Eve, almost a month later, I remedied the mistake I'd made previously and asked for her number. After that first kiss at midnight, the rest was, as they say, history. Three years had passed since then and my forty-fifth birthday was right around the corner. My life was at a crossroad, and I had been putting a lot of thought into the future. My son, Alex, turned eighteen earlier that year and I'd just had one of the proudest moments I had ever experienced at the beginning of that month, watching him walk across that stage to receive his diploma. It was the first time since the day he was born that I actually came close to tears. At the same time, everything was thrown into perspective. My boy was now a man and would be leaving for college in a couple months, starting on his path of becoming a doctor like his old man and grandfather. Any tie I had left with my ex-wife, Sasha, had fully severed, and I finally felt as if I could truly move on. However, there were still times that the past seemed to come back to haunt me, and the current situation seemed to be one of them. Bella and I had slowly begun talking about taking our relationship to the next level, and after all that time together, finally moving her into my house. At first, I thought that was the explanation behind her odd behavior, but when I'd inquired with her about it, and even gave her the option to change her mind, she insisted that wasn't the case. We'd both been hesitant about taking the plunge into marriage again since the dissolution of our prior ones, our trust shattered by our previous spouses. Each of us had felt the bitter sting of infidelity, but I was at least fortunate to have never borne witness to the act of it. Sasha at least had enough consideration for the fifteen years of our marriage to tell me that she'd found someone else, rather than leaving me to find out for myself through other means. Bella had to find out the hard way, in her own house when she came home early from work one day because she was ill. She had told me many times over the course of our relationship that she'd all but given up on men as a whole, and was so glad I came into her life and changed her mind. But was this too much, too soon? With things going so well and both of us happy, should I have left well enough alone? I began to think that was the case when I stopped by her apartment one Friday night to pick up another load of boxes to take over to my house. I walked up to her door, fiddling with my keys to find the one she'd given me to let myself in, only to find it already unlocked. Since Bella had told me that she would be busy that evening when she called to cancel our usual Saturday night date, I hadn't expected her to be home. Perhaps she had a project she was working on that she could do from home? Or had someone possibly broken in? My guard went up as I slowly pushed the door open, bracing myself for just about anything—except what met my ears after my first step inside. "Uh," Bella moaned breathlessly, and I felt my stomach plummet into my gut and my chest tighten. I had just started calming down, assuring myself that she probably just stubbed her toe or something. It was Bella; I had nothing to worry about—then another moan. And then another…and another…increasing in volume, pitch, and frequency. My heart was sinking and I was just about to turn around when I heard her again. "Welcome to the jungle, it gets worse here every day…" "What?" I muttered under my breath and continued through the apartment, following the sound of her singing the Guns n' Roses classic. Upon reaching her bedroom door, I had to pinch my lips together to restrain the laugh trying to surface. In nothing but a white tank top and panties, Bella was dancing with her wild, tangled hair thrashing, and I could just barely hear the familiar tune coming from her earbuds. The sound of my normally soft-spoken girlfriend imitating the nasal screech-scream of Axl Rose, in conjunction with spinning in circles with her eyes clenched tight and her iPod secured in her hand, was what finally broke me. I leaned against the doorframe, schooling my expression to not appear as if I was about to burst out laughing, and watched her with a raised eyebrow while I waited for her to notice me there. "You know where you are? You're in the jungle, baby. You're gonna diiiiiiiiiiii… AHH!" Bella suddenly screamed, her eyes wide open as she gazed at me in shock and she yanked the earbuds out. She attempted to calm her features and brushed her hair back away from her face, revealing her flushed cheeks. Whether it was from dancing in her underwear or getting caught doing so, I wasn't sure. "Hey, babe. What's up?" "I was just wondering the same thing myself. When you said something came up and you wouldn't be able to make our date tonight, I figured it had to do with work, or maybe your family," I started, folding my arms over my chest and running my gaze over her scantily clad form. "I never realized that dancing in your underwear was such a pressing social engagement." Bella's breath caught and her mouth fell open, and then she quickly shut off the music still playing on the iPod and set it down on her dresser. "I can explain, Edward. Something really did come up, but it's a little embarrassing." My curiosity was definitely piqued as she folded her arms around her middle, and even with her head a bit downcast, I could see the color of her cheeks rising. She had never displayed that level of discomfort with me, and I found myself suddenly becoming very angry. Not at her, but at whatever or whomever was the cause behind it. As I began to step toward her, I finally noticed the clothing lying out on her bed and I paused. There was a Guns n' Roses t-shirt with the sleeves removed and the bottom hem torn into strips to create a fringe type look, on top of a pair of faux leather pants, and a thin studded belt beside it. On the floor at the foot of the bed was a pair of high-heeled ankle boots, with two buckled straps wrapped around each, spiked studs along the top in front. All in black. My gaze flickered back and forth between the clothing and my sweet, somewhat reserved girlfriend, and nothing seemed to be adding up. "Um, Bella?" Her eyes rose to look at me and she watched as I gestured to the garments before drawing in a deep breath and letting it out in a sigh. "Okay, so there's something you don't know about me. I have a thing for hair and rock bands. From Metallica and Motörhead to Poison and Mötley Crüe, I love them all. And one of the girls at work told me about this concert at the park tonight. It's this cover band that does all of that kind of music and I really want to go, but I know that's not your thing. I wouldn't want to bore you to tears on a date like that." I sat down on the edge of her bed with my eyes on the clothing again. "And you couldn't just tell me that? I don't understand the secrecy, Bella." She was quiet for a moment and I looked up to her again, and her head was tilted sarcastically. "Edward, Poison was my favorite band when I was a teenager, and it wasn't even considered 'cool' to like them back in the eighties when they were popular . Jimmy used to tease me relentlessly about it, saying I didn't know real music and used to like men who looked like girls, and so on. Now, it's a part of me I keep tucked away in the past, but once in a while, I like to do things like this. I just do it on my own." My jaw clenched at the mention of her ex-husband and I could feel the tendons in my neck tighten. I wasn't jealous of the fucker; far from it. He was just fortunate that he was already living in another state by the time I met Bella. For the first six months of our relationship, the self-conscious bubble she had built around herself throughout the duration of their marriage surrounded her, and she very seldom spoke out or voiced her opinion on much of anything. Since then, she'd gradually begun coming out of her shell. So watching her even slightly crawl back into it over something as trivial as a music preference, infuriated me. I stood slowly and her body tensed, and she watched every step I took closely. She looked terrified, and I couldn't just sit there and watch. "I'll be back." BPOV I really thought Edward was different. Yet, as I watched him storm out of my room and shortly thereafter, heard my apartment door slam closed, I just felt sick to my stomach. I wasn't sure what to think or feel at that moment. I had never witnessed that level of anger in him, particularly over something so small. And never at me. Was he that mad at me because I hadn't told him the full reason behind my cancellation of our date? Or like my ex-husband, was he embarrassed by me? The first option, I could understand to a degree. Honesty was something he and I were adamant about in our relationship, especially after the experiences we'd had in our marriages. Even with as unhappy as I was with Jimmy, I was absolutely heartbroken when I came home that day to find him screwing our housekeeper in the living room. He hadn't even tried to be discreet about it at all; there in broad daylight, knowing I could walk in at any time to see her bent over the back of our couch while he fucked her from behind. At least she'd had the decency to look ashamed and embarrassed. Jimmy, my husband of nearly twelve years, just shrugged and began to casually get dressed, and even had the audacity to blame me for the affair, stating that it was my fault for being "a lazy fuck". That sent my already low self-esteem plummeting, and even then, I didn't leave him right away. I believed him when he told me no one else would want