Happy Holidays everyone, and Merry Christmas to those who celebrate! Cheers! When I was a little girl, I absolutely loved Christmas. Even after my parents divorced, I still looked forward to it with great anticipation. Every other year, I would head up to Forks to spend the whole school break with my dad, where occasionally, it would even snow. Not that I didn't enjoy the holidays in Phoenix with my mom, but once you've experienced Christmas away from the desert, it never quite feels the same again. Yet there were always things to enjoy in each place; namely, the way my mom and dad each made it fun and special, so I wouldn't concentrate on how much I missed the parent who wasn't there. With my mother, we had the same artificial tree for years, and it was one that you had to attach individual branches to the pole in the center. It was tedious, so she made a game out of it for me. We took turns putting it together each year, trying to beat the other's previous record from the Christmas before. Once done, we'd decorate it together. My dad, on the other hand, was more of a traditionalist, and that was part of what made Christmas fun with him. He always waited until I arrived for my visit with him, and we would go out to the tree lot, where I got to pick out two trees. One that was full and lush for the living room, and because of my obsession with A Charlie Brown Christmas since I was little, one sad, lonely tree that no one else wanted for my room. Very simply, I loved the holidays for so many reasons growing up. However, the last few had somehow lost their luster. At seventeen, I lost my mom and went to live with Dad, who bless his heart, understood that Christmas just wouldn't feel the same for me that year and didn't press the matter. I tried to put on my brave face and keep my mood as light as possible for him, but I ended up crying myself to sleep in his arms on the couch that first holiday season without her. The following year, I met Edward Cullen, and for the first time since she passed, I felt more than momentary flickers of happiness. He made me laugh and smile effortlessly, but despite us starting to date in October, even he couldn't completely distract me once Christmastime rolled around again. It was the first year my mother wasn't there for one that I would have been spending with her in Phoenix. Yet, on the same token, it was also my moment of closure. She was gone and I would always miss her, but I needed to continue to live. As time passed, coping wasn't as difficult for me, though being a teenage girl without a mother to turn to for advice was never easy. However, I started to embrace the good things going on in my life as well. I was going to be graduating from high school and about to embark on my first semester of college in the coming fall. I was in the throes of my first and deeply passionate love with the man who became my best friend and soul mate. I was finally happy again, despite the knowledge that he would be leaving soon for Basic Training. That's right. The man I fell in love with had enlisted in the Army, and rather than being devastated by this, I was exceedingly proud of him. That particular Christmas wasn't horrible . Edward came home on leave, and I focused more on spending time with my dad than I had the year before, but it also held a slight tinge of sadness. It held the prospect of another goodbye to the man I loved once the holidays were over. We both knew that we were each other's forever, but I at least wanted my Associate's Degree before we signed the dotted line of a marriage certificate, and Edward agreed. Though I did have a diamond ring gracing my left hand before he stepped back onto that plane. The following year was much the same. Christmas came and went methodically, except for Edward's visit home, and that in itself was bothersome and saddening. I was more concerned about preparing myself for my final semester in school and ironing out details for our wedding in June. And Christmas felt like just another day. I had honestly hoped last year would be different. I'd gotten my degree and we were settled into our marriage and life together, and California wasn't so far away that a visit to my dad was unreasonable. However, in November, Edward received his orders and was being transferred to North Carolina. I knew what I was signing up for when I started dating him, accepted his proposal, and said 'I do', but the reality of being on the other side of the country from my father so soon hit me hard. Our first holiday season as a married couple was spent moving and surrounded by clutter and boxes, trying to settle into a new place. And that brings us to the present, in which I am standing in front of a fully decorated Christmas tree with a glass of wine—alone with tears streaming down my face. Eight months ago, Edward was deployed to the Middle East, and no matter how much you prepare yourself for it as a military wife, nothing salves the heartbreak and loneliness that accompanies each separation. And spending the holidays completely alone is something I have never done. My dad wanted to come down, but he's the chief of police and he will be covering shifts for the officers with families and young children. Aside from that, I've recently started an internship at a local graphic design company while I'm working on my bachelor's degree, so I can't go there, either. The biggest reason of all, however, is Edward. If he calls, I may only have a few minutes to share as many words with him as I can, and I want to keep them private. And when he comes home sometime next month, I want to have everything perfect, from the house, to his first meal home, to me. Meticulous planning that I don't intend to leave until last minute. But I miss him. God , how I miss that man. I drain my glass and walk into the kitchen to set it in the sink before heading to bed. On the way down the hall to our bedroom, as I do every night, I pause for a second at one of the framed photographs on the wall and graze the glass lightly with my fingertips. It's our favorite picture from our wedding, and not surprisingly, it is not one of the photographer's shots. It's candid and sweet, rather than stiff and posed—us in a very natural moment. Edward held me against his side, my arms wrapped around his waist as I rested my head on his shoulder, his lips pressed to my hair. Completely engulfed in our own little world. How long it's been since I've felt his arms around me like that, his touch, his kiss… soon, I remind myself. Edward will be home soon and I plan to soak in every moment I can from the moment he lands. Then the instant I get off work that Friday, he's not leaving my sight until Monday morning. "I love you, baby. Stay safe," I whisper, bringing my fingertips to my lips to press a kiss to them and returning them to the glass over Edward's mouth. I give the picture one last, longing look before walking into our bedroom, changing into one of Edward's shirts, and crawling beneath the covers. Tomorrow will be a better day, and one more closer to being with the man I love. ~oOo~ For the most part, today has been a pretty good day. If there's one thing I absolutely love about my job, it's the opportunity to use the creative part of my brain. Which, once I get involved in an idea or project, I become immersed and notice little else—even how much I miss my husband, if only for a few hours. Yet, it is also the artistic aspect of my occupation that made me a little nervous when it was announced that there would be a secret Santa exchange through the last few days before our long Christmas weekend. Three days, three gifts, all givers and recipients unknown. And some of my colleagues are definitely more on the quirky side of artistic, so who knows what they will pull, should they happen to choose my name. The fifteen-dollar spending limit per gift hasn't served to make me any less nervous, either. Although the gifts were relatively easy for the names I selected. For Angela, I found a great watercolor pencil set thanks to a forty percent off coupon. She's always drawing in her sketchbook and had said more than once that she needed one, but never had the time to run to the store. For Eric, I bought another bobblehead figure of baseball player to add to the collection on his desk, and for Lauren, a set of glitter nail polish bottles. When I return from a trip to the printer around three, I find the first wrapped gift, set in the middle of my desk. I came into work this morning, determined to figure out who the first of my secret Santas was. I know some may think that it defeats the purpose of the whole thing, but it's definitely a way of keeping my mind occupied. Yet, when I tug the ribbon loose and lift off the top of the box, and I am at a loss. Folded neatly within were four silk scarves—two white, one red, and one green. "How festive, if I wore scarves," I mutter to myself and then I spot a tiny card folded inside, but rather than handwriting, there is typed script. Thought you'd have fun with these. Seriously, does no one in this entire office know me at all? However, I refuse to be rude and I smile, just in case one of the people around me is the secret Santa, so they don't think I'm ungrateful. I set the box to the side and dive back into my work, where the remainder of my day seems to coast on by until it is once again time to go home. Since Edward has been gone, I find it difficult to conjure up the ambition to cook an entire meal just for myself after work, and tonight is no exception. I stop for a burger and fries on the way home, change into my comfy clothes when I arrive and veg on the couch with my food in front of the TV until it's time to go to bed. Tuesday is much the same, except this time, I returned from lunch with Angela to find the next gift on my desk in the same spot as the last. Well, that at least rules out her , I tell myself as I tuck my purse into the drawer of my desk and then open the box. Inside this one is a pair of grey, plastic handcuffs—like the ones that come in policeman play sets for kids. Not only am I thoroughly confused, but also no closer to figuring out whom either of the gifts are from so far, and there is the same square card tucked inside, with the exact same message as the one from yesterday. Why on earth would children's handcuffs be fun for me? It doesn't make any more sense than the scarves, and then I notice one slight difference in the message on the card—there is a winky face at the end. Oh. My. God, I think as I palm my face and give