A/N: This is a one-shot we wrote together for this year's Fandom4LLS compilation. It is a cause that means a lot to both of us, and the success of the fundraiser was very heartwarming, and we would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone who donated. We're so excited to finally be able to share it with the rest of you as well, and hope you enjoy reading it as much as we enjoyed writing it. I Just Wanna Be Mad Written by: ericastwilight & kyla713 Rated: M for language and sexual situations. Disclaimer: Twilight character names belong to Stephenie Meyer. All characterizations, plot lines, backgrounds and details belong to the respective author. No copying, reproduction or translation of this work is permitted without express written authorization. Summary: I should've listened to my wife, now I'm paying the price. She's really mad. No marriage is perfect. It has its ups and downs, its rough patches, and my marriage to Bella was no exception. We've been together for ten years, married for the last seven, and for all intents and purposes, we are still very happy together. Even with twin girls that had just hit their terrible twos. We were told before they were born to get used to sleepless nights and very little sex. Bella and I would always join in when they laughed about it since we'd been known for leaving parties and social functions early so we could, as my brother would say, "Get it on." Whenever our family had teased us, Bella and I shared a look that said that we wouldn't let it happen to us. It wasn't easy at first— it was twins, after all— but the minute Bella felt up to it, our usual morning showers started up again. Any other time, we both enjoyed the spontaneity of it and made time for that intimacy whenever we could. Despite all that, there are times when my wife won't let me touch her, rare as the occasion might be, as I was clearly reminded last night. I personally think she's completely overreacting to my forgetting to stop at the store for milk on the way home. However, I am secure enough in my masculinity to admit that the worst thing that Bella can punish me with is the silent treatment; any man can attest to that. At least if they yell, they get it out of their system, they clearly delineate what the problem is, and we can fix it. How women outlive men when they regularly pent stuff up like this, I will never understand. I reach for her as usual, but find the bed empty and cold. A frustrated sigh leaves my lips as I rub my face with a hand. I listen for the shower, hoping that our need to conserve water will continue even when she's mad at me. I'm not that lucky. From what I can see, she's already showered all by herself. I dress after my own lonely one in casual clothes since I'm off today. I'm ready to admit that there may be a need to kiss Bella's ass. Not that I mind, since yeah, from what I can hear, the girls are clearly unhappy about not having their "milky" with their breakfast. I wince, knowing that Bella is probably even more upset than last night. I'm prepared to charm her out of her anger. It's something I'm good at; she can never stay angry with me. I've even gone out of my way and dressed in the jeans she's told me make my ass look great and her favorite shirt on me. After a quick assessment in the mirror and a run through my hair to muss it up a bit, I run downstairs. "Wan' milky!" I hear from the kitchen before I've even reach the doorway, and I immediately recognize the voice as that of Livvy, the more vocal of our two girls. "Mama, milky!" "I'm sorry, sweetheart. You'll have to ask Daddy all about it," Bella replies from the other side of the room, and I look over to find her side glancing me over her shoulder. "He 'forgot'." And the air-quotes have commenced—she is pissed . I kiss each of my disgruntled daughters on the top of their heads and make my way over to my wife, placing my hands on her hips. I brush my lips softly right below her ear, just where I know she likes it, and pull her back against me. "Good morning, baby." Bella wriggles out from between me and the shelf, shaking her head. "I don't think so, buddy. Not gonna happen. There's coffee made, but it's gonna have to be black this morning because someone didn't pick up milk last night." The tone of her voice is in complete contradiction to the smile she's keeping on her face for the girls, and I instantly begin to recant my earlier statement. There is something right up there with the silent treatment—the biting sarcasm. "Bella, this is really over a gallon of milk?" "No, this isn't all over a gallon of milk, Edward," she answers as she turns to face me with her eyes narrowing almost imperceptibly. "It's what you said. And I'm just not ready to let that go yet." I mentally go over our conversation from the night before. I need to figure out what I had said that is making her so upset. It could be the "What's the big deal, you can get some in the morning," or the, "I don't see why you didn't have time to go since you're home all day." "Milky!" Daddy's little princess, Alyssa, screams as she throws her bowl of dry cheerios at me. Isn't she precious? Soon, her sister joins her at a vocal level not meant for humans. She adds the wail of "Daddy" on top of it. I walk over to a cabinet and grab a few cookies to hold over the girls for a bit. It's cheating and it's not the best thing for them to eat in the morning, but I'm desperate. Bella's watching me as she folds her arms over her chest. The tap-tap-tap of her shoe against the tile tells me that she is less than pleased. It's time to suck it up and fix my blunder. I cage her against the counter, one of my arms on each side of her. She cocks that eyebrow, and I know I'm on shaky ground. I lean forward to kiss her soft lips, but she quickly turns and all I get is cheek. I'm starting to think that nothing will work, but I see the hint of a smile on her sweet mouth. I'm not going to lie and say that I don't hate when she's mad at me, because I do hate it. But there is this fire in her when she's angry and it's so rare that, when it does happen, all I want to do is make up…like in the bedroom. That tiny smile presses me to move forward, to try to convince her to come upstairs so I can show her how much I love her and how sorry I am for messing up and forgetting the milk. I am a man of action and very little talk. In other words, I don't say sorry often. "Mmm, you smell good," I whisper in her ear. "Let's put on the girls' show in their playroom and we can go upstairs for a little bit." "You know, I'd love to," she begins, and if it wasn't for the expression on her face, I might think I am off the hook. Then her arms fold over her chest between us—here comes the sarcasm again. I can read my wife like a book. "But my head. It just hurts so much from all the fussing over no milkies for breakfast, I think I'm gonna go lay down. Alone. While you go out and get the milk." My eyes dart between Bella and the twins, who are both giving me identical glossed over puppy eyes. I sigh; I can't resist those gazes and it will at least get me a few steps out of the doghouse. "Okay, I'll go pick up the milk. Just let me get my shoes on." "Um, Edward? Aren't you forgetting something?" Bella inquires and I feel the smile beginning to form on my lips as I step toward her to give her a kiss good morning. Yet, she stops me abruptly with her hand on my chest. "Down, Romeo. I mean the girls. I'm going to be laying down, maybe even sleeping. Can't leave them alone like that. You need to get them dressed and take them with you. Don't worry, it's simple, right? Besides, it'll be fun." The gleeful grin on her face with her statement worries me some, but I look to my little angels, who are gazing up at us like they had just won the lottery or something. They are excited to be going for a ride with Daddy; yeah, this will be fun. They always behave for me. Before Bella gets a chance to get away, I haul her against me and plant a kiss on her. The girls squeal in delight but my wife, on the other hand, tries to push me away. I put on my version of the puppy eyes and it usually turns Bella into a puddle of goo. "Come on, baby," I coo, kissing along her jaw, but she steps away. "Let's go upstairs." She sighs. "Edward, I don't want to go upstairs." I smile and whisper something naughty in her ear, and the twitch of her lips says she'd be willing if she weren't still angry. "Not now. There are times I just want to stay mad, and this is one of them." I could see that fire ignite in her gaze and knew there will be no changing her mind…for now. "I'm sorry." It comes out more like a question and she sees right through that lame attempt. "All right, you go relax, maybe try out those bath salts I got you for Christmas while I take my angels and go to the market." "That's a very good idea," she says with a roll of her eyes. I detect some sarcasm in her tone. What? It's a fantastic suggestion, if I do say so myself. See, I can be a good husband and father at the same time. A big plus is, when I get back, she'll smell real good. Maybe we can put the girls down for their nap and I can make it up to her some more. Something in my eyes must give me away, because she looks suspicious but she seems to ignore it. "There are more things we need from the store. The list is on the fridge, if I think of anything else, I'll text you." I nod and this time she lets me kiss her, but it's only a prelude of what's to come, I tell myself. With a tiny shove, she goes upstairs and immediately heads to our master bath. I turn to my girls, wondering why they were so quiet. Two sets of hazel eyes look up at me from their high chairs when I realize the problem. "Oh man, who needs a new diaper?" "Oh and Edward," Bella calls from upstairs. "Remember to take the girls to the bathroom often, they're in their training underwear today." I hear the bathroom door close before I can tell her it's too late. Alyssa looks at her sister and shakes her head, and seconds later, I see a puddle forming under her highchair. Maybe it is too soon for potty training. I'll put them in diapers since we're going out. "And don't you dare put them in diapers!" Bella apparently can read minds. After lots of crying—on my part—three outfit changes and four messy pigtails, we were on the way.