RONS POV "Hermione? Hermione?... Okay this is getting scary now", Ron Weasley waved a half-finished toast so near to his bushy haired friends face, that she flinched back. "It lives!", he made a half-hearted attempt to lighten the mood. "T-that was rude", Hermione said mechanically. No half-grinning half-eye-rolling remark. No suggestions to what manners I am lacking ... Something was very wrong, and given the letter in her hand, even he could guess what. Ron took a huge bite out of the toast. He felt like this was a situation calling for a huge bite. "So?", Harry asked tentatively. Of course. Leave it to Harry to ask with a shred of tact. The star of their little trio had set aside his own breakfast, and reached across the table to put a supporting hand on Hermiones forearm. If we were a band he would totally be the bass-playing lead-singer, and Hermione would play guitar and sing background. I would be playing drums. Like a ginger Ringo Star. "Excuse me!", Hermione got up fast enough to knock over her chair, and fumbled to set it back up. "I am so sorry Mrs. Weasley, I´ll fix it", it slipped from her hands again and clattered to the floor. "Oh, that´s quite alright dear, I can do it", Ron´s Mom offered. Hermione nodded, mumbled a quick thank you and thundered up the stairs to her and Ginnys room. "Er...?", Ron looked to Ginny and Harry for clues. He did sometimes miss out on Hermiones more delicate states of heart and mind. He just wasn´t very attentive that way. "I didn´t screw up, did I? It was just the letter, right?", he asked the two of them, while his Mom set Hermiones chair back up. "She hardly ate at all", his mother sighed and picked the plate up. "I´ll think I´ll make her waffles later. Don´t you think she would like that? Hermione does love waffles, right?", Ron noted, that his mothers hands were shaking. Ever since the war all of them had developed strange habits. Little or big obsessions. Coping methods. His mothers was to care even more for people and produce more food than even their family could eat. "Yeah, Mom. Hermione does love waffles", Ginny said softly. "Right. Right", Ginny and Ron exchanged a look, while their mother blinked rapidly. "I´ll just go wip up some dough then", she hurried back to the kitchen. "Maybe I could make some hot cherry-sauce...", she mumbled under her breath. "What", Ron pointed at the kitchen "are we gonna do about that anyway?" "Be quiet, Ron", Ginny snapped "She is doing her best" " She is burning through our resources. We can´t afford to keep her cooking all day. Neither should she work all day! There used to be times, when she would sit down and enjoy what she made", Ron sighed and put his toast down. He had lost his appetite. "She´ll- she´ll get it... eventually", but Ginny sounded like she was asking them. Harry pushed his glasses up his nose and squeezed her hand. Ron noticed the rings under his eyes. Usually the shadow of his glasses covered them, but when he moved them, one could see the grayish lines. His friend looked worn. All of his friends still did these days. And his family... Ginny and Harry only held hands, innocent enough, but Ron could see their knuckles turn white. They were clinging to each other. "So...", he cleared his throat "who do you think it was?", he asked the question everybody was thinking. Harry looked up to the ceiling, as if he could see Hermione sitting in Rons old room at the top of the Burrow. "She will tell us in time. You know her. Whenever something big comes up she needs time to sort it out on her own" "Yeah... it´s just that she isn´t alone. Not since she got the letter..." "Er-", Ginny cleared her throat "Are you alright?", she asked tentatively. Ron had to chuckle. I am so not the only one misunderstanding other peoples emotions . "I told you Hermione and I agreed to be just friends". Ron could be wrong, but he thought he detected a slight bit of pity in his sisters too understanding nods. "We kissed, it was gros, we are just fine", he reassured her. "Of course... I am glad". Definitely pitying me! Ron snorted "It was mutual!", he blurted out the only thing, that could set his littles sister further down the wrong path. He sighed. "It felt like kissing my sister. Like kissing you, it was just... wrong" "Ew", Ginny made a face at him. "Exactly", Ron pointed his fork at her disgusted expression "And if you don´t start believing, that neither Hermione nor me are still pining after the other, I will not hesitate to kiss you, to bring my point across!", he threatened. "Sorry in advance, mate", he added towards Harry. "Don´t you dare!", Ginny squealed. "Than don´t make me", he retorted. Whoever thought that pig-headedness and blunt force never got you anywhere, had clearly never tried it. Ron winked at Ginny, who seemed to be debating whether to be angry at him, or not. "George!", Ginny exclaimed, when their brother entered the kitchen. She and Harry plastered smiles on their faces and made an effort to look happy to see George. Well, they tried not to look like they were pitying him, which Ron did understand. However he was not inclined to let George just slip by, with all sorts of grieving and shit. Yes, it was horrible, that Fred was dead, but George wasn´t the only bloody person to have lost a brother. He was however the person letting Freds legacy go to waste. "Sit", Ron pulled out the chair next to himself. "We have to talk about the books today". George flinched. Or maybe it was the breeze coming through the kitchen-window. At this point either could shake him. Truth be told Ron had seen dead people looking more alive than George. But all dead people had one thing in common: They were dead. They did not have to breathe or live or eat. Ron thought, that if you could give a dead person a task and they had to do all that again. Had to breathe and live and eat again, until their task was done, then they might just look like George. His brothers skin had a gray tinge, he had lost so much weight, that Ron could actually see the outlines of his ribs through his shirt, and the flaming red of his hair had somehow been extinguished. Or maybe it was just that his hair was getting more brittle and dull by the day. His brother had died. Or part of him anyway, but he still had to live on. Ron didn´t understand how that worked. He was stumped by that. But than he had been since Freds death three months ago. However he was stumped by running a shop too. Somehow everyone had been busy and not thinking about it, until Verity suddenly appeared at the Burrow and told them, they had do to something , if they didn´t want to go bankrupt. In the beginning the whole family helped out. Ginny had been stocking shelves, Percy had done the books and Ron, who had been the worst, the least organized and the slowest at each of those tasks, had somehow ended up having to take them all over. Ginny had school now, Bill had a child on the way Percy had collapsed under the combined workload of his ministry-job and the store. So Ron had gotten a guilty conscience and promised him, he could handle it with Verity, if Percy would just look over it every once in while. And Percy- that git- had given a speech of how proud he was of his little brother, and how he had always known, hat Ron would step up and take responsibility ever since becoming a prefect and so on. All that bullshit. Only... that it had been really nice. Like really great. It had felt great to have someone believe in him like that. And the thought, that he could step up. Accomplish something all on his own was... intoxicating. Much more than any schoolboy-idea of Quidditch-cups and grades could ever have been. Only that I am not doing all that brilliant... He was keeping the store open, yes. He could do that much. But he needed a boost of that brilliance that, like always, some other sibling posessed. In this case Fred and George... Right. Just George. That was if George could do that without Fred. If he could do anything without Fred... Which was becoming less likely by the day. "Ron!", Ginny scolded. "Don´t be ridiculous! George owns the store. He will look at the books, when he wants. Take care of stuff, you don´t wanna do. That is what staff is for, right?", she winked at George. Because George was everybodys fucking hero just for appearing to breakfast for once. "Well, actually-" "Ron", his mother shook her head at him. "Do you want some eggs, sweetie? And bacon, yes? I am gonna make you some, and some nice buttered toast to put some weight back on those ribs". Their Mom flicked her wand to get the cooking started and bustled over carrying a plate and cutlery. She hugged George, who had taken the seat next to Ron with his knees drawn to his chest, and pressed a kiss on his tosseled hair. George stared out of the window into the cool August morning. A shiver ran down his spine and he pulled his sleeves lower. Over his scars. "Right...", his mother blinked away, what was stressing her, and smiled warmly again. "It really is chilly. Ron would you be a dear and close that window?". It was all Ron could do not to scream. "Pig is still out", he said lamely, already getting up. He would be shot down. "Pig can use your window!", his mother snapped, and blinked, because she never snapped at her kids just like that. But the moment passed and she threw herself into making breakfast again. Rons hands trembled. He had half a mind to crash the stupid window! He knew what people could do. Glass always felt so solid, but if he wanted it, he could put his fist right through it. He imagined what they would look like. Their faces. The shock, if he just did that. But of course he couldn´t. Ron managed to close the window and quickly stuffed his fists into his jeans-pockets, before he could do something stupid. He turned to George, who was staring at the same spot, he had been staring at before. Only that Ron was there now instead of the cloudy sky. He doubted that it made a difference. "We do have to look at it one day though", he watched his brother very carefully. "Ron!", Ginny gave him another very meaningful look. It was one of the Don´t-do-that, don´t-say-that, don´t-pressure-him sort, which he got all the time now. Harry, Ron noticed kept his head down, and avoided his eyes. He agrees. He agrees, but he won´t tell. "What do you think, mate?" "Me?", Harry looked around the kitchen, clearly hoping someone else was meant. "Yeah. What do you think? Should George take a look? At the books, at the newspapers, at the clock? Maybe just the garden?". Harry shifted in his seat. "Harry?", Ginny was looking at him from somewhere between bewilderment and fear. The plea for him to say the "right" thing. The nice and easy thing was so obvious. "I don´t know...", Harry avoided his eyes. The boy who had faced Voldemort avoided Rons eyes. Ron laughed. "You-you don´t know?", he gasped and clutched his stomach. "Oh- Oh Merlin! You are a poster-child for Gryffindor. You have guts Harry! Go, on!" "It´s not my place...", Harry mumbled. Of course. This