1. The punishment The battle of the five armies had ended, and everything seemed to be calm in Middle-earth. Thranduil lord of Mirkwood sent his only son Legolas Greenleaf in search for the one they call Strider , and had realized that love wasn't exclusive to the elven kind, thanks to this, he allowed Tauriel back into Mirkwood with her former rank. Alas, during the battle, when the time was ill, one of his commanders took upon him to help the dwarves when he saw the indecision of his king. Though wiser, Thranduil is a proud king, and even if he agreed somehow to fight side to side with the dwarves, he gave no direct order to help them. The perpetrator; Aldúnil, a tall black-haired, blue-silver eyed elf; was sent to look after Legolas in his search for Strider, which for an elf whose life was about wandering or outmost discipline in the army and important tasks it was a punishment, one that Thranduil mercifully thought on. "But you are sending me, my lord, to help Legolas in an easy errand. It would seem you do not trust your son enough. By this hour he is half way ahead of me, or maybe he already arrived there…" he said with anger in his tone, walking back and forth in front of Thranduil's throne. "I trust my son, but I do not trust you Aldúnil, you helped those dwarves without my consent. Now you need to prove to me that as a Commander you can follow the lead of your King into battle, for I will not have disobedience among my ranks." the blonde proud elf said, without looking at Aldúnil, walking towards the stairs. "Sir…!" "Enough!" the king rose his voice for a second and then went back to his usual elegant and eloquent self. "You are a Commander of the Woodland Realm. It is the hour that you start behaving as one." "Follow your king's command." Tauriel argued. She was present there as now she was an entrusted of King Thranduil. In her tone, there was authority, since she was of a higher rank than the commander, even more being of The Guard, but also some sort of plea to keep peace, since the punishment was not harsh. Thranduil was being very merciful, much unlike himself and he needed to go on that useless errand to pacify him, it was a bargain, considering the usual severity of the king and the level of the crime committed by the commander. She knew Aldúnil from hundreds of years, and even when they never were specially friends they had enjoyed companionship and comradely in the army. Making jokes about the other or talking every now and then and the least she wanted was to see more tragedy after the battle. She had enough already… "I would, Capitan Tauriel, but what he asks of me is, not something I can bow to do." The elf answered and then looked at the king. "Send me to the woods, my king. Let me serve you by eradicating the near threats of our lands, same that threatens our allies from the North." In his voice there was something hiding and even when Tauriel seemed curious, Thranduil dismissed this for he was not interested in petty secrets. The ginger elf seemed to start getting upset. It was nothing more than a whine from a decorated Commander. She knew he was a lot like that in his common life and personality, except when it came to discipline in the army, why was it just now that he behaved like this at the light of a very small punishment in comparison for the crime he committed? She could not bear that he was arguing with a king just out of ego. She pressed her fists on her sides. She knew she could not say much since she had not been the most obedient soldier as of late, but she had good reasons, this was a tantrum. "These are not your lands." The king answered coldly and the commander seemed hurt inside, but he hid it instantly, only Tauriel that had been looking at him noticed. "Aldúnil, you swore an oath when I took you in without asking questions, when you became a soldier here; I am not going to argue as if you were my equal. You are off tomorrow by the first light, and that will be my say on the matter." Thranduil said before he left the room. Tauriel looked at the black haired elf with some of a grin smirk; she was starting to like the idea of forcing the Commander to honor his pledge despite of his useless whining. Aldúnil sighed and sat on the steps of the king's throne, playing with a small dagger. He would not be the king's son babysitter, he was Commander of the Mirkwood armies and he had lived far more adventures and battles than little miss red-haired with green eyes who had been forgiven after pointing an arrow to her king. However, he could not defy Thranduil's orders, in that she was right, he was the king. It was more of a punishment to see the grin on Tauriel's face than having to go see Legolas playing detective to find the son of Arathorn. "So, you are off tomorrow?" "You are so happy about that right? Me, gone for months." "I would never say that," she got closer to him as she took out Kili's token from her pocket and started playing with it with her fingers "but I have to admit it will be nice to have some quiet time at last around here." suddenly her proud smile faded to a nostalgic look. Aldúnil stared at her. It was incredible how much she would change each time she took out that little rock that the dwarf gave her. "I thought… that you left that thing with him." "How could I? It is the only thing that I allowed myself to have from him to remind me that love is painful." "Love does not have to be painful, Tauriel. But the most intense ones always leaves a permanent mark that stings sometimes…" now the gloomy look appeared in the dark haired elf, which triggered some sense of attention in Tauriel. Before anything got any weirder, she left the Commander alone in the throne room as she thought of Kili and the words of Aldúnil "… it stings." The light starts dimming out, as memories flourished inside the elf's mind… He was sitting on the bar of the Prancing Pony, although his vestments were not those of a soldier, or those of royalty, not even those of an elf. He was dressed in a large dark cloak, underneath that his mail and clothes were badly treated and old, the only thing shiny and of value was his sword. He grabbed his pint and took the last zip of it just before asking for another. After the bartender had put in front of him another pint, he heard a highly pitched laugh, he was perceptive as any other elf but that laugh could not have passed unnoticed, even by dwarves. He looked to where the laugh came from and saw a group of three young farmer girls that most likely escaped their fathers that night to go experiment a bit of the world outside their daily lives. All of them pretty, but one caught his eye, a ginger girl with green eyes who was smiling directly at him. He answered with a cocky smile and then got back to his pint. He heard the girls go loud again. Aldúnil scratched his beard a little. He was an elf, but also a man. From histories before the current ages he knew this and even though he never knew his father and grew with his mother, he knew very well that he was unique aside from those of the lineage of Beren and Lúthien. Yet he rarely revealed it, and if so, just barely. "Silver! It's nice to see you around" said a man passing by. He raised his cup and smiled at the man. There, he was known as Silver. He passed as a man, he left his bear grow to distinguish himself from elves, his arms were a bit hairy and his lack of hygiene made him look like a man. His pointy ears were easily hidden below his hair or hood, and if, by any chance, someone saw them they weren't as prominent as those of a normal elf so he could just shrug and say he inherited them form his father -which was not a lie. The girls laughed again and he saw them. The ginger and her friends were looking at him. He took a deep breath and decided to walk towards them. "Hello, ladies." he said as he took a seat in their table without asking "May I ask, what are three lovely creatures such as you in this place at this late hour?" "Oh, sir, we just like to go out without permission every now and then to have fun." one answered. "The farm life gets boring very easily." another finished. "I would not know." Silver answered. "Of course not," the ginger said getting close to him "you look like a man that lives in danger, which goes on for adventure." "Cannot deny that" he answered "but you being here, means that you like adventure too." "Well, yes" answered the ginger again getting closer until her hand reached his thigh "but maybe our kind of adventure is not the same as yours… sir." Silver looked down to the hand of the girl crawling up his thigh and smiled, then looks at the other two girls that seem excited too. "There, my lady, you are wrong." he replied. "I think we are looking for the exact same kind of adventure right now." He took two of the girls to his room, one stayed behind out of shyness; she was the newest to that adventure apparently. The ginger and the dark haired girl went with him. He lost no time and stripped them out of their clothes revealing their proportionate bodies; he soon lost his cloak, left his weapon near him and placed a knife under the pillow. When he lost every fabric, the girls looked at him with lust. "I love passing rangers." said the black haired girl while the ginger bit her lips lustfully. He threw himself at them and caressed them at first on every inch of their bodies. Then proceeded to have sex with both at the same time, while they also gave pleasure one to the other. Elves tended to be very introverted when it came to sex, until then he only found a few that would lay with him without any compromise about love or such, they were prettier than humans usually, but harder without a question so he loved to go to this kind of settlements to satisfy his needs. Humans were very lusty by nature, and women tried to behave, but when the right opportunity presented they surrendered to him without a fair fight. On these days, when he found two or three young very well looking girls already willing to go the extra mile it was as if his entire day was worth it because he enjoyed it like a beast. He had the perception and skills of an elf for battle, but he also used them for this, pleasuring women as if it was his only task. Maybe it wasn't his only task, although he didn't truly know by then, but definitely his favorite hobby. Unlike his kin, he had a fascination for flesh. He grew up as the secretly fairy elven boy raised as a human in a human town, becoming the fascination of young girls. He found the fun in pleasure as none other than he knew of elven blood, this letting the girls taste an