Alright here is Return of the Eveningshades. Uploaded 4/24/17. As I said in the last Author's note for Lord Eveningshade, I will be dropping NCIS from the story and stick with Transformers. Now I let you all decide whether to leave this as a Harry Potter story or put it as a crossover. I was expecting to see reviews from people wanting it to be a Crossover but I got none, I only got two votes saying to leave it as a Harry Potter story, so that's what it will be. Word count is 4,333. Disclaimer: The world of Harry Potter belongs to the genius J.K Rowling and I am just playing in the sandbox she left. Transformers Belongs to Michael Bay. So with out further do, enjoy this rewrite of my most popular fanfic that I have ever written. ElderH CHAPTER 1 A group of hooded figures slowly make their way through the small community of Godric's Hollow. The figures stop as a child, wearing a black cape and has a pair of fangs poking out from his upper lip bumps into the person leading the group. "Wow! Nice costume mister!" The child says to the figure who was leading the group, before running off. The figures can't stop the sneer from appearing on their faces as the leaders red eyes flash with anger and disgust. "Stupid muggle brat." One of the cloaked figures spat. They turn and continue down the street till they come to the end which goes left and right. They look up to see an empty piece of land. "My Lord...there is nothing here." One of the figures says. The lead figure turns slightly to his companion. "Calm yourself Bellatrix. There is a Fidelius charm in place." The lead figure says. "I'm sorry for my remark My Lord." Bellatrix says now subdued at her lords words. The lead figure reaches into his pocket and withdraws a slip of paper that he shows to his followers and they look up as a two story house shimmers into view. "For once Pettigrew does something right for once in his miserable excuse for a life." One of the figures says. "Yes...now come lets show these fools what happens for defying me." The lead figure says as he draws a white wand. "Yes My Lord." The four others say as they follow their master towards the house. Unbeknownst to the five occupants of the house they have no idea how much danger they are in, or how much their lives will change. James Charlus Potter and his wife Lily Natalie Potter nee Evans sat on a couch as on another couch sat their friends Frank and Alice Longbottom and in a chair sat Jame's childhood friend Sirius Orion Black. The Potter and Longbottom families had come together for what seemed to them to be a lifetime as they had just gone into hiding due to Lord Voldemort, a up and coming Dark Lord, who has targeted one of the families. The reason they are in hiding is in part of a prophecy that was made saying that a child would be the one to defeat Lord Voldemort, but here in lies the problem. The Potters and Longbottoms had sons that were both born at the end of July, the same time that the prophecy says that a child will be born and will defeat Lord Voldemort, but since both boys were born by a mere hour apart they were not sure who was targeted and both families decided to go into hiding. "I'm telling you James I'm going stir crazy just sitting here." Frank complained to his friend and fellow Auror. "You think you have it bad Frank? I am always trying to find something to do in this house to keep me busy." James says as he runs a hand through his unkempt black hair. "Come on you two. You knew this was a possibility of happening." Sirius says trying to keep the two calm. "Of course we knew that Padfoot, but that does-" At the moment a sound of breaking glass is heard. James jumps to his feet and runs to the window. "James what's wrong?" Lily Potter asks feeling a sliver of dread creep into her. "It's him! It's Voldemort!" James says. Frank and Sirius jump to their feet just as the door comes blasting into the house. Soon spells fly through the now open entrance. "Well, well, what do we have here." Lord Voldemort says as he walks through followed by Bellatrix, Rudolphus, Rabastian Lestrange and Barty Crouch Jr. "Voldemort! How did you find us!" James snarls. "Ah, thank you for reminding me. I will have to congratulate Wormtail when I am done here." Voldemort says with a dark smirk as James's, Sirius's, and Lily's eyes widen at that their friend had betrayed them. What follows is probably best as a all out spell war as spells fly everywhere throughout the house. Voldemort slowly uses the distraction that his followers are causing to sneak away and make his way upstairs to where he knew the nursery to be. He walks into the room and sees two cribs, which has a baby boy in them. "What are you doing here Voldemort!" A voice shouts. Voldemort takes a step back dodging the stunner and turns to the voice. "Ah, Augusta Longbottom. I was wondering if you were here. Now then Avada Kedavra !" Voldemort shouts as a sickly green curse flies from his wand and hits the old woman who drops to the floor dead with wide eyes. " Reducto!" A voice yells and Voldemort is sent flying into the wall and denting said wall. Voldemort stands to see Frank, Alice, Sirius, James and Lily pointing wands at him. Voldemort's eyes flash in anger and starts casting spells at the five, who thought that they could stop him in numbers since they had finished their little skirmishes with his Death Eaters. Voldemort soon bounds the five in strong ropes and turns back to the two boys, One with the Names of Thomas Alan Potter and Neville Frank Longbottom, the latter crying his eyes out. Voldemort waves his wand silencing the baby. "Now then which child is it that I have to kill?" Voldemort says to himself. "Stay away from my brother!" A voice says startling Voldemort, who looks to his right to see a child maybe about four or five step between him and the cribs and glaring at the Dark Lord. Voldemort flinches slightly as he looks at the green eyes, which eerily are the same color as the killing curse. Surprised that there is another Potter child, he couldn't help but ask. "Who are you child." "My name is Hadrian James Potter." Harry says. 'Wormtail said nothing about there being a second child. I'll have to let me displeasure be known to him after this.' Voldemort closes his eyes to try and see which one of the two babies has the power enough to defeat him. He looks at the two and can see that Thomas has more of a brighter glow than Neville., 'This must be the prophesied child.' Voldemort raises his wand and points towards Thomas. The adults have wide eyes. " Avada Kedavra!" Voldemort shouts but is surprised to see the oldest Potter child step in front of the curse, but what happens not only shocks him but shocks the other adults as they watch as the killing curse hits Harry, but instead of killing the child, Harry starts to glow a bright green. The glow vanishes and all are shocked to see Harry still standing there alive. "What?! Impossible! That should have killed you!" Voldemort yells. "No one has ever survived that curse. Avada Kedavra! " Voldemort shouts. The sickly green spell leaves his wand and hits Harry for a second time and Voldemort's eyes widen as the killing curse is rebounded and explodes at an astonishing speed, which is two times faster than normal coming back at him. He has no time to dodge as the spell hits him ripping him from his body. The adults watch as Voldemort's body is ripped apart and watch as the spell destroys the room and setting a wall on fire. The adults cover themselves with their arms as they were able to move. A couple of minutes later James stands coughing and moving debris off of him as the roof had partially collapsed and helps the others out of the debris on them. They look around and soon hear cries. Alice and Lily rush to their crying sons just as the sounds of apparition is heard. A bunch of footsteps is heard coming up the stairs and the first to enter is an elderly man, who has a white beard that was nearly touching his feet with a pair of twinkling blue eyes behind a pair of half mooned glasses. "Headmaster Dumbledore!" Sirius says as he is the first to recognize the headmaster through his slight daze after taking a piece of the ceiling to the head. "Take it easy there my boy, you are injured." Dumbledore says. Dumbledore draws his wand and casts a diagnostic spell. "It is as I had feared. Voldemort was here. Which of the boys did he attack?" "We do not know headmaster." Frank says as he has an arm around Alice, who is holding a crying Neville as James and Lily Holds a crying Thomas, both of who have a cut. Thomas has a cut on his head and Neville has one on his hand in the shave of a V. 'This must mean that Voldemort marked young Neville.' Dumbledore thought. "Hadrian!" Lily calls and all turn to her as she starts moving debris looking for her oldest. Sirius takes Thomas from James as James helps Lily look for their oldest and the few members from the order help by lifting debris away. Once all the debris is cleared, they find no sign of the oldest Potter child. Lily drops to her knees as she cries out for her missing child. James envelops his wife in a hug as they weep for their son who is missing. "I'm afraid that your son is gone my dear. The amount of dark magic in this room leads me to believe what had happened not only claimed the life of the dark Lord Voldemort, but also claimed the life of your oldest child. I truly am sorry for your loss." Albus Dumbledore says with a heavy heart at losing such a young life. Lily's sobs become louder as it sets in that her oldest child is now gone. "Ah!" Harry screams shooting up and panting. Harry looks to his bedside table with a clock displaying 7:30 on the digital display. A ten year old Harry gets out of bed and gets dressed. He goes down stairs and walks into the kitchen. "Morning Harry." Alexandria Elrick says as she kisses him on the cheek. "Morning." Harry says as he takes a seat at the table. "Morning Harry." Lucas J. Elrick says walking in. Lucas and Alexandria sit down across from Harry. "Harry we have something to tell you." Alexandria says. "What?" Harry asks. "Next week we will be going to Britain for about a month and a half." Lucas says. "Really? Why?" Harry asks. "The Navy is doing a training exercise with the British Navy." Lucas says. "And when we get to Britain we can see if the goblins can help us find your family." Alexandria says. "Okay. How long will it take us to get to Britain?" Harry says. "It will take about a week to get to London." Lucas says. "Okay." Harry says as he returns his attention back to his breakfast. One week later The U.S Navy Destroyer the USS Scott makes port in Portsmouth. The Elrick's then caught a taxi to a pub called the Leaky Cauldron. Harry follows Lucas and Alexandria inside and they go to