Doom of Olympus Author's Note: Hey guys, I got the idea for this fic after I started listening to The Lost Hero on Audible. The first chapter is a bit OC-centric but I'm definitely gonna give Leo, Piper, and Jason the screentime they deserve. So here it is, I hope you enjoy it. Chapter I "Who's that up on the hill by the Caldecott Tunnel?" the newest addition to Camp Jupiter asked as she looked up toward the solitary figure sitting in front of the tunnel entrance, leaning against a small post in the ground. Camp Jupiter's newest recruit had just arrived a few weeks ago, she had a complexion the color of roasted coffee beans and shoulder length curly hair and bright golden eyes and a toned, fit build. She was dressed in blue jeans and the purple Camp Jupiter t-shirt. "Oh that's Haley Watson, she's a member of the First Cohort, not someone you wanna mess with. Especially considering she's one of the meanest warriors in camp. She's got like twenty lines on her tattoo. They say she's been living at the camp over a decade and she does at least one quest a year. Rumor has it, her bunk is decorated with a trophy from every monster besides the Titans and the Giants. I once challenged her to a duel and she almost hacked my arm off." Michael Kalahe said with a shudder as they made their way toward the mess before the new recruit turned and jogged toward the solitary figure by the tunnel. "I'll catch up later, I wanna make sure she's okay." Hazel called back as she jogged up the hill before she neared close enough to hear that Haley was... singing, " Teenagers scare, the living shit outta me. They could care less as long as someone will bleed!" Haley exclaimed as she sprung to her feet, her Nemean Lion pelt trench coat flapping about her as she leaped to her feet and grabbed the top of the post she'd been leaning against and pulled. Hazel just barely had time to register the rasp of metal on leather before she felt a blade against her throat. Hazel froze instantly as she realized that the post in the ground was in fact the sheath to Haley's weapon. The weapon in question was a nasty-looking single-edged blade as black as the depths of Tartarus. The blade was probably a meter long and near the hilt there was an ornate golden pattern stamped with letters that spelled out Misericordiam. "Dammit Levesque! I almost killed you! And this is Stygian Iron, there's no way to come back from that!" Haley exclaimed as she shook the blade for emphasis before sheathing her sword. Now that she finally stood still, Hazel could get a get a good look at her. Haley was tall, almost six feet, with pale, gaunt skin stretched tight over her athletic, wiry form but some how she didn't look sickly... more like she had been raised in the jungle. She had almost no fat on her face, exposing her imperialistic good looks. She definitely belonged at Camp Jupiter. She had long, choppy midnight black hair that went to the middle of her back, with her bangs falling across the right side of her face, hiding one of her storm cloud-gray eyes from view. She was dressed in a pair of baggy jeans and a camp tee with a pair of sneakers. At first glance she looked like a social reject you'd see in high school but she had an aura of power to her and a grace in her movements Hazel hadn't seen, except maybe in the praetor, Reyna. "I'm sorry ma'am.. I was just wondering what you're doing up here by yourself." Hazel asked sheepishly as Haley once more shoved her her sheath into the ground and leaned against it as she put her ear-buds in and resumed blasting MCR. "Avoiding small-talk, is what I was doing. I'm waiting on something anyways." she said as she hit play and the acoustic version of Helena came on. "Oh, you're waiting on a friend to arrive? Is he close?... or you know she... maybe " Hazel said nervously as Haley heaved a sigh under her breath, "Levesque, is there a reason you're wasting my time with this conversation?" Haley asked as she continued to stare intently into the tunnel. Hazel winced at the flippant remark and looked away, unsure of how to reply. There was an awkward silence for a few moments before Haley continued, "I'm waiting for my friend Roy, he showed up during the summer, stayed just long enough to get claimed and help us take Mt. Othrys before he had to go home. Apparently he has another demigod friend he want's to bring in to the camp." Haley said, hoping Hazel would leave her alone soon. "Well then, do you mind if I wait here with you? I don't wanna go to dinner yet. Nico left for the Underworld today and I don't really know anyone else here, since Jason disappeared. Plus, aren't you a daughter of Pluto? I guess that makes us sisters." Hazel asked as she took a seat next to the Legionnaire. "Levesque, there's a few things you need to know about me. One, I lost my mom at the age of four to a Mob shootout. Then, my big bro OD'd on heroin when I was six. Two, within a month I had arrived and earned my place in the First Cohort and by the time I was twelve, I was a Centurion. I've been here eleven years. Don't you think if I wanted to make friends, I'd have done it already? Lastly, Roy's a week and a half late. So you'd best get comfy or get moving." Haley said as she turned on Welcome to the Black Parade on full blast as Hazel sullenly got up and jogged towards the mess hall. "Thank Satan she's gone." Haley said as she let her music blast as she settled in to wait for Roy... Meanwhile, in San Carlos, Arizona... Roy looked around his new, unfamiliar surroundings. He was in some sort of building, or at least it used to be a building. Now it was just a collection of red and gray stones and rough timber beams that were obviously the skeleton of a once great mansion. He turned around to find himself three feet from an enormous chocolate red wolf as she panted impatiently, her breath hot on his face before he backed up a few steps. " Damn-" Roy said before cutting off unexpectedly, as if he was an actor who'd suddenly forgotten his lines on stage. He felt what felt like a migraine coming on but shook it off as Lupa barked loudly, clearly in no mood to wait for him to remember his lines. " We haven't much time, child of the Moon. The Earth grows restless, her Champion threatens to bring down the Empire. You must venture to-" she began when a tremor rocked the house as a few stones and beams fell to the floor as the tremor increased, threatening to bring down the house as a distant baying cry split the night air. " There's no time ! Go, journey to the Great Divide. The boy with one shoe will lead you to the home of the Others and to the one marked by the Dove. Go now!" the wolf growled as Roy replied, " Whoa, hold up. I can overlook wolf talking to me and the dream vision, that's actually pretty standard for a Tuesday. But even if I do make it to this 'Great Divide' and meet the dude with one shoe, what do I do then? If this is real, that is." Roy said as he held up his arms while he tried to wrap his head around the talking wolf, which oddly enough, didn't strike him as odd. Lupa gave a growling laugh before replying, " Conquer... or die, it's up to you." she finished with a laugh as the dream faded into nothingness... Roy sat bolt upright in his bed, a little more sweaty than he cared to admit. He flopped back down on his pillows with a flump, he rubbed his eyes tiredly as he checked his alarm clock with one hand, the glowing face of his clock read 11:49 at night. He sighed before he pushed himself off his bed and wandered down the hall of the tiny, two-story cabin. His foster brother's dad had left it to his son when he'd passed away three years ago after a monster attack. Not that anyone had believed the two boys, Roy had raised hell for a week, trying anything he could think of to get people to believe them. It had been a month and a half after the incident before one of the "Tribal Elders", a man named Samuel Black had decided the tribe should take the two boys in as their own. It'd turned out that the old man had been what the tribe referred to as "Spirit-touched" and was supposedly the son of the spirit, Panther, from the tribe's legends. He'd taught them all about monsters and how there was so much more to the world than normal people could see, and that the fact the monster attacked them meant they weren't normal. After that, the old man had taught them how to hunt and track monsters and given them a crash course in Apache knife fighting techniques, even teaching them how to harness their gifts and teaching them rites to summon and control smaller spirits. Not that he'd been much good at them, his bro had always been better at the magic stuff than he had. Roy and his foster brother had taken to the lessons like moths to a flame, and now three years later they were the best hunters and fighters on the reservation. Roy was startled for his thoughts as he plowed headfirst into the closed bathroom door. "Ouch, dammit to hell!" Roy grunted under his breath. As he pushed the door open and stumbled inside as he fumbled for the light switch, throwing it on as the dim little bulb over the sink flickered to life as he turned on the faucet. Roy put his hands under the running faucet before splashing some water on his face as he looked in the mirror, scratching absentmindedly at the SPQR tattoo on his left forearm, he couldn't remember where he'd gotten it, it'd just sort of appeared after he got back from San Francisco back in August after spending a few weeks there to catch a string of concerts from a few of his favorite bands. He ran his hand through his auburn hair until it had the artfully tousled appearance he preferred as he watched the sea foam-green eyes in the mirror look back at him as he looked at the multitude of scars that covered his arms, torso, and neck.. He rubbed his jaw, trying to decide whether or not he needed to shave, taking more than a little pride in his chiseled, Italian-ish features before he was distracted from his moment of vanity by what sounded like muffled talking outside the window before he heard the all-too familiar smack of a tennis ball on the outside wall. He sighed, realizing it was probably some of the Apache kids who lived on the reservation with him and his brother. Picking on the local foreign boy was a favorite pastime of theirs. He closed his eyes as he focused on listening to the rhythmic thumping, listening hard until he picked out the sound of the kids catching it before throwing it again. He focused in on the sound as he started to time his breathing with the sounds of throwing and impact until he heard them catch the ball once more before reaching up to grab the crescent moon pendant