Always The Same Disclaimer: The characters, places, and events are creations of J.R.R. Tolkien. No profit was or will be made from this story. It was written solely for entertainment. A/N: As always many thanks to my beta Erulisse. Summary: Sometimes it isn´t easy to be the son of the King. Three youngsters are forced to realize this bitter experience. Featuring: Elladan, Elrohir, Legolas, Eldarion Rating: PG-13 Title: "Always The Same" Author: Laikwalâssê Part1: elf "Very well done, Legolas." The young elf glowed at the praise from the archery master. His contentment however vanished from his face, as he looked up and into the scowling face of Thoran. The young prince of Mirkwood had been advanced a level due to his skill with the bow and was now by far the youngest member of this group. Most of his classmates were very fond of their young comrade but not so Thoran. Before now, he had been the best of his class. He was jealous and angry, believing that Legolas was favoured only because he was the King´s son. He was making the life of the young prince as miserable as possible whenever he could, never missing a chance to harass and mistreat the much younger elf at any opportunity behind the adults' backs. After an overenthusiastic start Legolas´ joy in archery lessons had considerably lessened and he now dreaded every day he had to face Thoran and his companions. He had masked his anguish well, not wanting his father or the lesson-master to notice. He felt that they would interfere and make everything worse. Sometimes he had considered making poor shots on purpose only to placate the other youths but that had gone completely against his pride and joy and led to the same result: - questions and actions from both the archery master and his father. And so he suffered the constant mobbing of the older elf hoping that Thoran would one day leave him alone. Yesterday as Thoran had again followed him after their lessons Legolas had run all the way home wanting nothing more than to be away from his tormentor. He had excused himself before dinner and gone to his chambers to be alone with his shame of not being courageous enough to stand his ground. Wondering again what had caused his son´s odd behaviour of late the King checked on his child but received the same answer as always these last weeks. "Ada, I'm fine, only tired. Don't worry." Having long recognized that his son was troubled by something, the King also knew that he would receive no further answer this evening at least. He kissed his boy goodnight and vowed that he would find out. ….. The next day however was even worse. Thoran watched every move of the young prince like a hawk until Legolas was so nervous that he indeed practiced badly, much to the joy of Thoran. And to make things even worse the archery master wanted to speak with him after they had finished. Legolas sighed knowing that there was no way to ignore the master. "If you tell him anything, you will regret it," Thoran hissed as the young prince walked past him leaving the training grounds. Swallowing Legolas entered the little hut, where all the practice items were kept and looked at the archery master already waiting for him. He tried his best to sound casual. "You wanted to speak with me?" he asked, cringing at the slightly shrill tone of his voice. The archery master nodded and did not indicate if he had heard the slightly panicked tone. "Yes, Legolas, please sit down." he said with a smile, and gestured the young elf over to a nearby chair. Legolas sighed, sat down and waited for the unavoidable question. As the master had sat himself down too he looked intently at his young charge. "Legolas, what is it? You are late every morning, you no longer have any interest in what I want to teach you, and your progress has slowed if not come to a still-stand. What has caused all this?" Swallowing Legolas did not know what to say. The archery master had recognized that something was amiss. He nearly laughed. Had he really thought that he could fool this old elf? He longed to be honest, to tell the master all, but he was too afraid how Thoran would react afterwards. All would become even worse and…. "Legolas...?" Snapping back to attention the young prince looked up. "I do not know what you mean. Maybe I need to pay better attention and practice harder….," he begun and knew instantly that this lie sounded as hollow as it was. Letting out a deep sigh the archery master stood up. "Alright, young one, if you are bored and preoccupied then we should think of a change in your schedule." Knowing that he had disappointed his teacher he directed a pleading look at the eyes still looking intently at him. "I'm sorry," was all he could mutter and all but ran outside, followed by a frowning and concerned look from his master. …. The next morning Legolas made haste to dress and break his fast to arrive early at the training grounds, in fact much earlier than Thoran. He wanted to calm down, to concentrate and to make up for the previous day's bad performance. As he rounded a cluster of bushes however he stopped dead in his tracks at the sight before him. Thoran and two of his friends stood there already waiting for him. "Up so early, princeling?" Thoran sneered effectively blocking the path with his companions. While Legolas stopped and considered whether to go back or take another path toward the training grounds, the three were on him grabbing his arms. "Let me go!,"Legolas growled and tried to break free. Being the younger and not as tall he had no chance to stand his ground. Restraining the struggling youngster Thoran brought his mouth near Legolas ear. "I told you, you would regret it and now I will show you what happens to little princelings that disobey my orders." "I told him nothing," Legolas shouted and tried again to break free. Before he could blink a piece of cloth was shoved into his mouth effectively blocking any further noise. "Shht, we do not want to attract any attention, do we?" Thoran said, and begun to bind Legolas´ hands behind his back. Now, really afraid of what they wanted to do with him, the young elf struggled wildly but to no avail. A hard blow to his face brought him to his knees and tears to his eyes. Before he could react he felt another blow and all went black. The first sensation he felt as he awoke was the pain in his head. He slowly opened his eyes and blinked at the twilight that greeted him. Was it already dawn? Trying to move he recognized that he was sitting against a tree with his hands bound behind him. As the memory rushed back at him his head snapped up and he looked into the grinning face of Thoran. "Look, our princeling is awake again" he grinned gesturing his companions over. Ignoring the three Legolas looked around to determine where they had brought him. He knew this area; a good distance away from the palace in a small clearing surrounded by thick old oaks. Very clever, no one would find them by chance or hear any shouts. As if reading his thoughts Thoran laughed. "Right, right princeling. No one will hear us here." Angrily Legolas looked up. "Release me at once. They will miss me and then you will be in serious trouble." Stepping closer Thoran crouched down and grabbed Legolas´ chin painfully. "Shut up. No one will miss you before dark and through your early start you have given us plenty of time to teach you some manners. And besides, this Sindarin upstart you call your father needs a lesson too and you are the perfect tool for it." As Thoran released him Legolas began to shiver. This was no longer simple mobbing. Thoran was dangerous. He was one of these elves who never tolerated that the majority of Silvan elves were ruled by a Sindar King. Old grudges and quarrels from the time Oropher, Thranduil's father, took the rule over the wood elves had never died out completely. Thoran wanted to harm him only to show the King his contempt. He closed his eyes. He was really afraid now and he had not long to wait as the first blows rained down on him. Helpless as he was he tried as best as possible to turn away from the blows but was unable to protect any part of his body from the pain. He did not know how much time had passed and as his head was slammed against the tree trunk again he let it fall forward without making the effort to raise it again. Having succeeded so far to not let out a cry he could not stifle the painful moan when a boot connected with his ribs. As a hand jerked his hair he was forced to look into Thoran´s flushed face. "No longer so proud, are we, princeling?," he sneered. Even if he had wanted to, with all the pain coursing through his body, he was not able to utter something. Angrily Thoran released his hair. A real cry was torn from his throat as a boot connected with his bound right arm and all went black, as he felt the bone snap. …. When he awoke again he felt weak and dizzy. Blood trickled slowly from his nose and mouth and it had started to rain. The cold made him shudder. With a considerable effort he raised his head and paled ever further as he saw his tormentors still standing before him. No, this could not be. He could take no more. Some sort of argument must have taken place, because Thoran was talking angrily with his two companions. "Thoran, stop this. He has had enough. We wanted to scare him, but this has gone too far," one of Thoran´s companions said. Thoran inhaled sharply and shoved the other elf forcefully. "You weakling. Do you think we can stop now? And what then? We let him go and then he will run to his father and we can say 'Oh, this was a misunderstanding?' We must get rid of him, dispose of him so that no one can find him. That will be a real blow to the King, do you not think? He will never know what happened to his brat." "You are insane," the other elf cried. "The King will find out and then he will kill us!" Thoran smiled maliciously. "To avoid this you two should help me clear this mess and then shut your mouths. You agreed to this and now you are as guilty as I." With growing panic in their eyes the two youngsters looked at each other, knowing they were trapped. Thoran only grinned and turned back to his captive. Legolas closed his eyes. He had heard enough. Thoran would kill him now and he had never the chance to say goodbye to his father. Sitting there and shivering from the blood loss and his many injuries his eyes snapped open however as he heard a deep growl. Unbelieving he blinked at the sight before him. Two wargs were creeping into the clearing unsure at the moment which prey was the easiest. Thoran and his companions acted instantly with the swiftness and grace of their race. They lept into the trees and scrambled along the branches in three different directions to their safety. Legolas' breath came in ragged gasps. Now his tormentors must not worry any longer who would take care of the mess they left behind. The wargs would tear him into pieces and they would get away with their crime. He now