If you don't mean it, don't say it! A tranquil silence lay over the valley of Rivendell. It was a sunny day with a near incredible clear blue sky and no sound disturbed the peace. Two Elf-Lords took advantage of this time and sat lazily in comfortable chairs on the balcony of Lord Elrond's study discussing matters often neglected. Not the very important matters but things put aside due to lacking time. The Lord of the house looked up from the quiet conversation with his golden haired seneschal, when he heard a knock on his study door. Arching an annoyed eyebrow at the interruption he stood unwillingly and shook his head. Could the peace not last a bit longer? Before, however, he had the chance to invite the visitor, the door opened and a dishelved and breathless young elf appeared in the doorframe. Instantly the sarcastic thoughts vanished from his mind, seeing the worry on the younger elf's face. "I beg you pardon, my Lords," the fair haired messenger spoke up, inclining his head toward Elrond and Glorfindel, "but I have an urgent message." The dark-haired Elf-Lord and his golden-haired advisor exchanged a quick glance and a frown appeared on both faces. "What happened?" Elrond asked carefully controlled but worried, looking at the pale face and the desperate expression in the young elf's eyes. A very bad feeling began to spread in his stomach. If someone stormed into his study in this manner something important must have happened. Automatically his thoughts turned toward his sons. Estel and the twins were out on an errand to meet Rivendell´s foresters and were spent a few days with them discussing the management of the great forest surrounding and protecting the hidden valley. They were due to arrive home in a few days. He didn't remember the young elf's name, but he knew he was one of those foresters his sons had joined this morning. Taking a deep breath and not able to meet the Elf-Lord's eyes the young elf shuffled uneasily not really knowing how to start. He had repeated the words he wanted to deliver over and over in his mind but now all words had vanished. Seeing the other's discomfort Glorfindel stood and forced the young elf to sit in a nearby chair, by laying his hands on the other's shoulders and gently, but firmly pushing him down. Too distressed to recognise the gesture, the messenger raised anxious eyes to eventually meet those of his Lord. "A large orc-band attacked our group shortly after your sons had arrived. They came out of nowhere. We didn't recognise the danger, until they were upon us. Three foresters were killed and one of your sons is badly wounded." Now it was said. The young elf hung his head. He had dreaded this moment all the long way home. Now some kind of relieve floated through him: the responsibility now lay on other, much more capable shoulders. Elrond's eyes had narrowed in worry and shock at the news and he quickly took a calming breath. He closed his eyes while searching for the bonds connecting him with his sons and sighed inwardly. They were intact. Therefore at least the twins were alive. This connection of course expanded not to Estel. Nonetheless something was not right. Something felt out of place. Now he could feel it clearly, it disturbed him. He looked at Glorfindel and saw an equally worried face. He did not have to be a mind reader to know what the Balrog-Slayer was thinking. He loved the twins like his own, and the same was true for the young human. Taking a deep breath Elrond shook his head. This could not be. This should be a simple errand. Nothing important, nothing dangerous… but the young elf's words had just confirmed the opposite. Glorfindel also shook his head in disbelieve. Not at the other's words, but at the unexpected happenings. The forester's camp was no more than half an hour away from Rivendell and quite within the range of the border guards. No orc should have been able to breech the border. "It cannot be. Orcs within our borders and so near Rivendell. What new devilry is this?" he muttered more to himself, not really expecting an answer. When Elrond had regained a bit of his composure, he addressed the young elf again. "Which of my sons is injured and how many others?" Not really understanding this question the young elf raised puzzled eyes at his lord. What did it matter who was wounded? Seeing the confusion in the other's eyes Elrond sighed inwardly. "I must know, is it Estel or one of the twins, because I need different supplies to help adequate and …..enough of them," he said calmly. Now understanding the young elf winced. "I'm sorry my Lord, I haven't seen it myself, I was only informed briefly and urged to fetch you." Staring at the floor again the young elf began to tremble slightly. "I failed you in not bringing detailed information, I'm sorry," he stuttered not knowing how to solve the tense situation. Elrond quickly stepped forward and laid a gentle hand on the youngster's shoulder. "No, it is I who must apologize and there is nothing to be sorry for," Elrond said gently, "I'm glad that you have brought the message so quickly. I will need my big pack anyway, I fear." Nodding and raising careful eyes the young elf sighed and stood. Knowing that he was excused he bowed quickly, turned and fled the room to get away from the gloomy atmosphere. The paralysis in the room, however, lasted only a few seconds. As if someone had called a command to him, the Elf-Lord whirled around, all lethargy gone. Looking at Glorfindel, he requested. "Please order all necessary, I will join you in a few minutes." The order not really necessary the blond warrior turned and was already on his way to prepare their departure. No one could have stopped him anyway if he could help the youngsters. Elrond sighed and sent a silent prayer to every Valar listening, to spare the life of his son, whoever it might be, for another time. Entering his chambers, he quickly changed his long robes for more suitable riding attire. Then he hurried down the long corridor into the first healing chamber he came across. Ignoring the inquiring looks the other healers gave him, he grabbed a bag and stuffed all kinds of healing supplies he thought necessary into it, nonetheless careful not to leave anything important behind. Sensing that something important must have happened and that now was not the time for questions the healers assisted their Lord as well as they could. When the Elf-Lord turned, he nearly collided with Erestor suddenly standing in the doorframe. "Would anyone be so kind to inform me what the cause of all this hurry is?" the dark haired advisor asked jokingly. Then seeing the worried expression on his friend's face he stopped. He quickly stepped closer and grabbed the Elf-Lord's arm. "Elrond, what in the name of the Valar happened?" Taking a deep breath Elrond looked at his friend. "Erestor, some orcs have attacked the foresters' camp. I must hurry, there are many wounded." During the short speech Erestor had paled. Orcs this close to Rivendell? Knowing his Lord and friend for so long, Erestor however refrained from delaying the hurried departure with unnecessary questions. This could wait until later. He only laid a steadying hand on the dark haired elf's shoulder and nodded. He knew that it was fruitless to advise his friend not to worry. "I will order what is necessary and will take care of the household, hurry and bring the young ones home." Words not really necessary between the long-time friends Elrond smiled gratefully and hurried past Erestor. Arriving at the courtyard shortly there after he found Glorfindel waiting for him with a group of guards and five other healers ready to depart. Gratefully, he recognized that Erestor had once again outdone himself and equally arranged all. With a thankful nod and a deep breath, Elrond took the offered reins and after securing his big packs on the animal's back mounted. After a quick look around Elrond nodded, satisfied that Glorfindel had just selected the right amount of guards and the best-trained healers. After a sharp command from Glorfindel the troop galloped through the gates determined to reach their destination as quickly as possible. With a shaky hand, Estel gently stroked the face of his elven brother. Silent tears ran down his cheeks, as he looked at his brother's much too pale face. Nothing stirred, no one moved. Even the world seemed to have ceased it's movements. Obvious to the unnatural silence around him, he pressed another thick patch of bandages on the deep wound in the older twin's side and groaned because the blood flow refused to stop, it would not even slow down. Not even daring to lift his gaze, fearing he would look in the angry face of the younger twin, he pleaded with all the Valar to spare the life of his brother. "What is taking them so long," he hissed after another while. Not really expecting an answer, he felt more helpless tears run down his cheeks. He was out of his mind with worry and he was angry. Angry and frustrated not to be able to help his brother, not to be able to prevent him from harm. Then he laughed without joy. Elladan was always the overprotective one and now he was lying on the ground, pale, unmoving with a deadly wound in his side from a poisoned orc-blade. And the worst of all: this was all his fault. Sensing the young man's inner turmoil Elrohir reached out and laid a gentle hand on his younger brother's forearm. Angrily Estel shrugged the hand off, knowing that he was not worth the comfort. Elrohir withdrew his hand and sighed, looking into the direction the help they sent for would arrive. After what seemed an eternity with Elrohir nearly reaching the limit of his patience, he suddenly heard hoof beats coming closer and jerked his head up. Not able to detect what had caught his brother's attention Estel looked at the dark haired elf carefully. "They are coming," Elrohir only whispered. The young man sighed audibly, knowing that competent help was finally arriving. Indicating that he should stay with Elladan, Elrohir jumped up; turned into the direction of the oncoming riders and waited impatiently, until he spotted his father riding in front of the group. Anxious and relieved at the same time Elrohir stood there willing the horses to go faster. Reaching the clearing the Elven Lord felt a tight knot building in his stomach, seeing the pale and tear streaked face of Elrohir. Knowing his sons all too well, he realized two things at once. One, it was not Estel lying injured, otherwise Elladan would stand there. Two, the look on Elrohir´s face confirmed his worry that something very bad must have happened to Elladan. Looking thoughtfully at Glorfindel, Elrond dismounted and quickly closed the distance to his son. Wordlessly he embraced the shivering frame. "I'm here now." he whispered gently. Briefly melting into his father's embrace, the younger twin sobbed, not able to form a coherent sentence. Remembering, however, their need to hurry, he stepped back and turned, pleading his father with his eyes to follow. Understanding the silent plea the Elf-Lord followed his son and entered the small clearing. The grief and despair there hit him like a physical blow. With a trained eye he looked around and saw at least five wounded and three dead lying on the ground wrapped in spare blankets to provide the smallest of comfort or cover the unfortunate. He turned to instruct the others, but saw that this was not necessary. Glorfindel had already taken action and issued orders. Feeling the intense gaze of the