I groaned and rolled over. The sun shining through the window had woken me up for what seemed like the millionth time. I looked at the clock beside my head and sighed. 6.00am! Swinging my legs over the side of my bed i made my way towards the bathroom to start my morning routine. Twenty minutes later i was ready to start the day. I walked to the kitchen to find a note on the counter from my mother, Renee, stating that she had left early to go to her new yoga class. My mother has a new hobby every week ! I seriously cannot keep up with her. Last week she tried kickboxing and quit after a few days because it wasn't 'Zhen' enough.. whatever that meant. So i guess that means i'll have to fend for myself, as usual. I grabbed a breakfast bar and walked to the living room to watch some mind numbing tv. After about fifteen minutes of flicking through the channels there was a knock on the front door. Who would knock on the door this early in the morning ? I opened the door to find two native american women stood there. 'Hi, we're looking for an Isabella erm Swan' the woman with a jagged scar running down her face said. I had to admit, even with the scar she was still one of the most beautiful women i had ever seen. 'That's me' i replied with a smile. Each of the girls looked relieved at my answer. I had never seen these women before on my life but they seemed to know me. I didn't know if i should be freaked out by this information. 'I'm Sue and this is my daughter Emily' the older woman said gesturing to the woman with the scared face. I opened the door wider and asked Emily and Sue if they would like to come in. Usually i wouldn't ask a couple of strangers to come in but i had a feeling that whatever they wanted to talk to me about was not going to be pleasant. As i lead them to the living room i tried to think of how they could know me and what they could possibly want to talk to me about. I came up blank. Once in the living room i asked them if they would like something to eat or drink. They both declined. 'Thanks for letting us come in, you have a beautiful home' Emily said with a nervous smile. 'Thank you. Look i don't mean to be blunt, but what are you doing here?' i asked them. 'This is going to sound crazy, but i'm actually here to invite you to my wedding' Emily began. 'Before you say anything can i explain why i'm here? What i have to say won't be pleasant but i ask you to listen with an open mind' she finished. I looked at them both for a couple of minutes before gesturing for them to carry on. Sue gave Emily a reassuring smile and held her hand. 'I'm not crazy and i didn't just come to a random persons house to invite them to my wedding. Charles Swan gave me your address. I would have called or wrote you a letter but i thought that what i'm about to tell you would be best said in person' Emily began. 'What i'm about to tell you is going to be hard to hear but you have a right to know. It's probably not right me coming here and telling you but i am not going to let the person i love the most be hurt any longer.' She took a deep breath. 'In one month i'm getting married to the man of my dreams. His name is Sam. Sam Uley. He is the most loving and selfless person i have ever met.' she looked me in the eye. 'He's your brother and he loves you so very much. He wanted to get in touch with you but Renee wouldn't allow him to. He's tried everything! In one month we're getting married and the one thing, the only thing he wants more than anything is for his sister to be there.' She was crying now. I just sat there staring at her. She was crazy. I think i would know if i had a brother! I'm an only child from only children. I had no other family. 'I think you should leave' i told them as i stood and walked to the front door. 'Isabella please, i know it's a lot to take in but we speak the truth' Sue said whilst pulling a crying emily through the door. Once outside she turned to me with tears in her eyes. Sue looked at me and then handed me something out of her bag. It looked like an old video tape. 'I know that you don't believe us. Please watch this video. I've wrote our phone numbers and the number of our hotel on a piece of paper inside the case. We'll be in arizona for the next two days. I hope you believe us' She said as she walked away with emily by her side. I watched them walk away. Not moving or even blinking as i stared at the spot i had last seen them. They couldn't be serious! I guess that's what i get for letting strangers in i thought as i went back inside. On the way to the garden i put the video tape in the bin. I sat on the hammock in the back garden. So much for a quiet day in! They were crazy if they thought i was going to believe them. A part of me, a small part wondered if maybe there was some truth to what they where saying. I mean it would explain a lot. Me and Renee are complete opposites in every single way. That and the fact that we look nothing alike and she has no photos of me before the age of five was what brought me to fish the video out of the bin and put it in the old tape player. I sat there staring at the screen contemplating whether or not to press play. Eventually my curiosity won out. The video began to play. There was a woman, who looked just like me smiling up at the camera. She had pale white skin, even paler then mine and dark wavy hair that sat just below her shoulders. In the background you could hear children laughing. The camera shifted to the children. A boy and a girl. The boy had dark skin and was throwing water at the young girl who had the same pale skin as the woman. They were having a water fight. 'I'm going to get you belly!' the young boy shouted as he ran at the young girl, water gun in one hand and a small plastic shield in the other. 'Never!' The young girl shouted as she ran away. Just as the boy was about to shoot the young girl with the water, she fell. The boy ran to the young girl, dropping his gun and shield along the way. 'Are you okay bells?' he asked the girl. 'I'm okay sammy' the girl replied. The woman from earlier came into view and walked up to the young children. 'Isabella!' the woman said. 'Only you could trip over thin air' she laughed. She picked the young girl up and walked inside with her, the young boy following behind. Then the video went blank. I just sat there silently and motionless as i tried to process what i had just seen. It was pretty obvious that the people on the video where a family. The young children where obviously siblings and loved each other greatly. Sam and Isabella. Just because we had the same names.. and we looked alike, doesn't mean we're the same people. Just merely a coincidence perhaps. But deep down in my heart i knew that it was no coincidence. I was the little girl in the video. And i had a brother. I need answers. I look at the clock on the wall. 12.00pm. Good. Renee should be home soon. What am i going to do? I have no idea what to say to her. For the last twelve years she has been my mother. I admit we've never been very close but to think she's been lying to me my whole life.. i don't know how i feel about that. Whilst i was contemplating what i was going to say to her she walked through the door. 'Isabella' she shouted as she hung her coat up. 'Living room' i shouted back as i ejected the video from the tv and put it back in it's case. 'You would not believe the morning i've had' Renee said as she walked into the living room, throwing her bag on the sofa. 'I'm going to make some herbal tea, want some?' she asked. I shook my head no. I followed her into the kitchen and watched as she made her drink. 'Who are my real parents?' i asked her. She stopped what she was doing and turned around. 'What are you talking about isabella? I am your mother' she laughed. 'Don't lie to me Renee! I have a right to know' i shouted. She looked me in the eye. Renee never got mad but as i looked at her i could see she was livid. What right did she have! I was the one being lied to and here she was being mad at me for wanting to know the truth ! 'Now you listen to me isabella . and i will not have you raise your voice to me. I have done everything for you you ungrateful little bitch' she seethed. I took a step back shocked. She had never raised her voice! Never mind called me a degrading name. I was so mad i started to shake. 'Then who is sam?' I shouted. 'He's my brother isn't he? How could you lie to me all this time? I have a right to know! If you've lied about this then what else have you been lying to me about?' i was so mad i was shaking. I felt like i was going to burst out of my skin! I could literally feel myself grow hot. I felt like i had a fever. Suddenly my cheek started to sting. I looked at renee. She pulled her hand back. She had slapped me! If i thought i was shaking before then i was definitely shaking now. It was so bad that i could hardly see renee in front of me. All i could see was red. I had to get out of there! I had no idea what was happening but i knew that it was something big. I ran. I ran past renee and through the back door. I didn't even look back when she called my name. I kept on running until i reached the forest. Once i passed the first line of the trees i stopped. I couldn't run anymore. Not because i was tired but because i was burning! My bones where on fire! I fell to my knees panting. The shaking intensified, the burning intensified until suddenly it stopped. I looked down at my hands. That's when i exploded. I felt like every one of my bones had been broken. All i knew was pain. That was the last thing i thought before everything went black. I awoke to the sound of birds singing their morning song. As i opened my eyes i realised i was still in the forest. That's when i remembered the pain. I looked down at my hands and that's when i saw the paws. I had paws! I must still be dreaming. I couldn't have paws, it's simply impossible. My breathing started coming out in puffs.