[Please read the Author's Note to follow at the end of this chapter.] Prologue The night was unusually calm, and the stars adorned the heavens, brightly twinkling in a way that belied the war and destruction that their light shone upon. A lone captain stood among the ruins of a once great city, not as a guard or night watchman, but as a man pondering deep inner thoughts. Again the dream had come: Seek for the Sword that was broken: In Imladris it dwells; There shall be counsels taken Stronger than Morgul-spells. There shall be shown a token That Doom is near at hand, For Isildur's Bane shall waken, And the Halfling forth shall stand. This time however he did not awake with a start, and so heard more of the haunting words: Princesses four shall come by spell: One born in a warrior's hall, Two from the fjord of Arendelle, Another, a prison made of stone. Their task shall fill the empty throne. Ainu binds them to the fate of all, And ere the deed is done, The Doom of all may yet be overcome. Where before the words had only confounded his mind, this new part gripped his very heart — with fear or curious yearning, he knew not. He had yet to speak of this, for whom would believe the truth of such a dream. His father surely would deem it a folly. Perhaps Boromir might consider it an omen, a warning. As the stars began to fade into the pale light of a new day, movement drew the Captain's gaze. Swiftly drawing a long dagger from his boot, he moved with a panther-like stealth towards it. As he came closer, the form took the shape of a small figure, lying prone on a broken slab of crumbling marble. Seeing no more movement, he pause, pondering if to move forward and inspect the body. Returning his dagger to its place, and drawing himself up to his full height, Faramir, younger son of Denethor, Steward of Gondor, gently turned over the figure. The first thing he notices was the hair, much too long for any man, and the figure was so slight, almost like a doll. Clearing away tendrils from her face, he was struck with a sense of awe. Her features where so pure, etherial even, but as he gently raised her head, he felt a roundness to her ears. How could one of such beauty be not of the Eldar? Ascertaining that her unconsciousness was not due to some physical wound, he gathered the young maiden in his arms, hurriedly moving to his tent, cautious not to jostle her body too much. Once she was carefully laid upon his meager cot and bed-roll, he set out for his brother's tent, not far, hoping that he had not yet arisen and taken counsel with the other officers and rangers of their battered company. Boromir was in-fact awake when he arrived, but his brother seemed to be brooding over a matter of import and did not notice Faramir's entrance. "Brother." Turning to face his younger sibling, Boromir gave a drawn smile that held no joy. "Is it time yet for counsel?" "Not yet. There is another matter I must speak with you about. One of great importance." Boromir stood and approached his brother, his face shifting from brother to commander at the tone in Faramir's voice. "It is a delicate matter of which I must ask your help with. Last night I had a dream, a strange dream which was not unfamiliar to me. The words of the dream unsettled my mind, and when I awoke, I wandered for a time, contemplating their meaning." His brother looked confused. "What use am I in the divining of dreams?" Faramir shook his head, "It is not the dream that I seek your counsel on, but rather what the dream lead me to discover. As I wandered, I came across a lone figure unconscious among the ruins, and have sequestered them in my tent, while I beg your help." "Whom is this person?" "I know not. But brother… they are like no one I have ever seen." "What manner of being are they?" "By all appearances… she is a mortal woman—" "A woman, here on the battlefield ruins of a long abandoned city?" "It is a mystery to me as well, which is why I have come to you for guidance. What shall we do with her?" Boromir was silent for a time, pacing as he thought. Finally he spoke, not as a brother, but as a leader. "Take me to her." Faramir's tent was not far, and with the dawn not yet cresting the plains, the men had not yet arisen. Boromir entered first, and stopped short upon the sight of her. His fascination was not as strongly felt as his brother at the sight of the woman before them, but it was enough to give him pause. "How can she be untouched? In this of all places?" "I know not." Faramir went to her side, and took her delicate hand in his more calloused grip. She shifted in her torpid slumber, curling her frame closer to his, as a moth drawn to a warm flame. "Whatever fate brought her here, it seems that it was meant for you to find her." His brother said, in a partially joking manner. Faramir tensed at the words, reminded again of his dream. "Fate it may be indeed, brother. I feel she is important somehow." "Do you speak as one beguiled by a pretty maiden, brother?" Faramir turned sharply, displeasure etched into his fair features. "I feel she is linked with the words from my dream." Boromir did not scoff at this, rather asked for Faramir to recount the dream. After the haunting words were told, both brothers turned their eyes unconsciously towards the figure before them. "I would in the past, brother, have said that such beliefs were for old men and naïve maids. Yet there is a ring of truth in it." Faramir nodded, thinking of what the second verse could mean. "Whom's counsel can we seek on this matter? Surely not father, for he would either seek to use her, if she is fated to restore our realm, or imprison her should she be found lacking in use." Boromir said nothing to the remarks his brother made of their father, the Steward, knowing he was correct, however much he wishes not to acknowledge it. "Perhaps Mithrandir? He is learned in lore and spell-craft." "But how shall we bring her to Minas Tirith, unknown to our father?" Boromir pause, then gave a small smirk. "Father would not notice a wounded soldier, when we his sons return unharmed. There must be a set of armour that will conceal her enough to pass unnoticed on a cart." Faramir glanced back at her prone form and then nodded. As quickly and quietly as two warriors could, the brothers gathered together the pieces for the necessary disguise. Once everything was within Faramir's tent, there was a moment of hesitation. Compared to the task ahead, gathering battle armor in secret was child's play. "Well brother, since you found her, I think you should be the one to dress her. You have a gentler hand than I." "Don't you mean a purer heart and mind?" Boromir laughed, "You know me too well brother. I shall leave you to this task, for there will be less suspicion with only one of us unaccounted for. I will begin the preparation for the return to the citadel." The young captain gazed into the peaceful face of the woman laid out upon his bed-roll. Her small hands clutched at his cloak which he had lain over her, to shield her some from the chill of morning. Without startling movements, Faramir maneuvered her to a position where she lay half in his arms, with her lower body still on the bed. His hand gently brushed her cheek, and she nuzzled towards his touch. In that moment, Faramir felt something he had not felt for another woman, since the passing of his mother. A desire to care for and protect. Dressing her in the livery of one of the men under his personal command, Faramir took notice of two things about her. Firstly, she wore no type of footwear, yet her feet looked clean and had none of the cuts or wounds that would be expected if a person was to walk barefoot through a destroyed city. He spent a few minutes turning them over, in his hands. They were so tiny and perfect. Shaking that thought from his head, Faramir began to assess the next issue of this charade — her hair. The blonde locks shone brightly, glistening like clear water on a bright summer day. The only way to hide it was to plait it intricately enough to manageably conceal it in the armour. He had not braided another person's hair, since his mother. She had let him come to her when he awoke from a bad dream, and would sing to him, and let him brush and plait her hair. It took close to a half hour to completely plait the woman's hair and hid it within the hood of the cloak he had wrapped around her. It relaxed him, once he remember how to twist and shape hair into a passable form. When that was done, Faramir just sat beside her and waited for his brother to return. Seeing her in the livery of a Ranger of Ithilian, did not diminish her beauty, but rather accented her willowy form and etherial looks, and his heart beat just a bit faster as he continued to gaze upon her. Shaking the pleasant images of her from his head, he stood and paced closer to the entrance of his small tent. Where was Boromir? No sooner has Faramir thought it, than the flap to his tent was pushed back and in came said brother, bringing with him a water skin and loaf of bread. "I see you had this situation well in hand, little brother." Boromir smirked, as his eyes glanced over the young woman's form in Ranger garb. Faramir felt a twinge of anger rise up in him, something he had never felt towards his brother. Why would a simple quip and glance at a woman would cause such a reaction? Taking a breath, he took what his brother offered and sat down on the cot, facing outward. Boromir did not see the quick change in his brother, and continued talking. "The cart is all prepared and we ride for Minas Tirith within the hour. I suggest we hurry before the rest of the company is assembled." Faramir nodded and hurriedly finished his small meal. Together they were able to maneuver her into the makeshift wounded cart, and it was decided that Faramir would ride close to the cart, while Boromir lead their company. Denethor would find no suspicion with this, since all his focus would be upon the triumph of his eldest son. To the Rangers under Faramir's company, it had been circulated that this soldier had saved Faramir's life, hence his interest in their safe return. No questions would be ask, for all the men where loyal to the Captains of the White City. The joinery back to Minas Tirith was uneventful. The sky was clear and the clouds billowed; the shadow of Mordor was not so strongly felt over the land of Gondor that day. It was nightfall when the company of men reached the main gates to the citadel, and they passed through the lower gates with very little attention. Faramir directed the men to take the cart carrying the disguised woman, as well as the other wounded carts to the Houses of Healing, in the sixth level of the city. Once his horse was given into the care of the stable-hands, Faramir sought out Ioreth, for