A/N: Hello there, I'm Lil' odd me. This is my fic as you might have noticed. ;oP I'm a fan of both LOTR and X-Men and since I haven't seen a crossover between the two I decided to write one. I hope you readers like it, both X-men and Lotr. I'm not gonna take up more of your time so I present to you: *^*^*^*^* 'The X-Ship Of The Ring' Chapter one: "Damn, this is the first time in two months that we have had some time off" Logan said, driving the jeep. They had been given some time off by Professor X and had left town. Gambit had also gotten a bit bored and had tagged along with Logan. Logan had borrowed a friend's apartment and that was where he and Gambit currently were. "Indeed it has. But let's not think about that now. We're here to have a nice time and have fun, not complaint about everything. If you are so tiered of not having any time off you shouldn't have joined X-Men" the Cajun said with a grin on his face while he played with the car radio. About 15 minutes later the two X-Men members walked in to a local bar. The bar was dimly lit and had a bar counter, some tables and a couple of pool tables. It was half full and they walked over to over to the bartender and ordered two beers and then headed to one of the free pool tables. They received a few stares, mostly because even though it was somewhat dark in the bar Remy insisted on wearing sunglasses along with his trench coat. Time passed and little happened. But just as Remy had won over Logan for the sixth time a bunch of 15 rather drunk men started to argue with a young woman. One of them had come up behind her and grabbed her around her waist, and was hitting on her pretty hard. She had been looking down in her drink and had just brushed off his arms off her around her waist. The man had enough and forced her to face him. He was surprised by what he saw. His buddies saw what was happening and came over. They started yelling, telling her to get out of town and that she was a freak and that mutants shouldn't be allowed to live. The woman didn't seem to pay much attention to them till one of them grabbed a bottle, smashed it against a table and was about to attack her with it. She looked at him and with a wave of her hand the bottle flew away and almost hit Logan in the head. "What the…" he said looking over his shoulder. Just as he located who had thrown the bottle he saw one of the men come straight at the woman who had no visible way to protect herself. She saw him, grabbed his arm and threw him to the ground. That only seemed to anger the drunken men further. They gathered in a semi-circle and were going to close off any way of escaping had it not been for Gambit and Wolverine. Gambit had seen the whole thing and when the bottle came flying they decided to join. This happened just as the men closed in on the girl. They crossed the bar in an instant. Wolverine tapped one of them on the shoulder. The man turned around and said: "What you want, shorty?" This pissed Wolverine off and he punched the man in the face, breaking his nose. The blood splashed all over the man's shirt while his hands tried to stop the blood coming from his nose. "Never call me short. You got that, bub!" Gambit took on the six men to the left and Wolverine took on the five remaining to the right, leaving the three in the middle for the girl to handle. She managed to fend them off but one of them had succeeded to hit her in the side, making it rather hard for her to breath. She kicked the one who had been hitting on her hard in the groin, causing him a lot of pain and making him fall to the floor. Some of the men in the bar who had seen this winced sympathetically. Wolverine had enjoyed the fight and had taken it easy with the men. He had pulled the arm of one of the men out of its socket. Gambit had also taken the chance to play with the drunkards. He showed off since he never had the chance to do that in a 'real' fight. He jumped up on one of the tables and kicked the one to the left of him in the face, then jumped down as one of them tried to tip the table. He stood on his hands and grabbed a nearby chair with his foot. He then flung it at the man who had tipped the table over. Out of the corner of his eye he saw the brown haired girl kick one of the men in the stomach. What he saw that the girl seemed to have missed was the man coming up behind her. He saw his chance and couldn't pass up the opportunity to help a damsel in distress. Just as he had knocked the last man out, the man had picked up a chair and was about to hit the girl over her head while she was busy fighting the man who had attacked her first. Gambit went to stop him, but the man with the chair had already brought the girl down. Not being able to stop him in time made him pissed off and he took out his Bo-staff and smacked the man in the head, making him fall to the dirty floor unconscious. He took a quick look around. Wolverine was standing in front of a heap of men. He had kicked their asses but he had at least had the decency to not take out his claws. Gambit then turned his attention to the female body on the floor beside him. He bent down and checked for a pulse. It was there, weak but still there. He quickly glanced at her head only to find that it was bleeding. Her head had hit the bar table and there was a gash on her forehead, it went from the hairline to her eyebrow. It was bleeding and there was some dirt that had found its way into the wound. "Wolverine" "Yeah" Logan answered, walking over to the Cajun. "The girl, she needs help. She was hit in the head by a chair and now she's unconscious and bleeding." "Then let's take her to the hospital." "Come on Logan, you know they don't accept people like us there." "What do you suggest we do then?" While Gambit wrapped a piece of cloth around the girl's head he and Logan discussed what to do. Gambit finally convinced Logan to bring the girl along with them to the apartment. Logan grabbed the bag the girl had with her while Gambit picked up the limp body of the girl and they walked out to the car. Logan handed the bartender some money and walked out after Gambit. Most of those inside the bar had already made a run for it, those who hadn't had called the police. Some had even dared to approach the drunken and now beaten men and helped them up and keep them there till the police arrived. Gambit laid the girl in the backseat of the car as Logan turned the engine on and they drove back to the house. As they reached the house Gambit picked the girl up and followed Logan in. "Now what are we gonna do with her?" Wolverine said. "Mind opening the door to my room," he said trying to point to his door down the hall, still carrying the unconscious girl. "Yeah yeah yeah, and it's lucky for you that you didn't suggest putting her in my room" Wolverine said, opening the fridge and taking out a beer. Still holding the beer he then walked across the room and opened the door. He turned the light on as Gambit walked in and laid the girl on the bed. Remy left the room for a moment and returned soon with a first-aid kit. Logan watched as Gambit carefully removed the old cloth and cleaned the wound with a cotton wool soaked in antiseptic liquid. Then he took out some bandage and slowly wrapped it around her head, making sure that it was tight enough to stay where it was. "How old you think she is?" Logan suddenly said. Gambit turned around, surprised by the question. "I do not know, mon ami," he said looking back at the young woman. He reached down and took of her knee high boots and her black coat, leaving her with a pair of black pants and a red top that had a neckline big enough that it revealed the top of her shoulders. Then he grabbed the blanket that was lying on the bed and put it over her. They both walked out of the room. Iris's eyes fluttered open and it took a while before her eyes could adjust to the brightness of the room. Her head ached and she felt slightly dizzy. She pulled the blanket over her head to block out the light that was coming thru the window and to try to fall asleep again. But it didn't work. Her head still ached and she could hear her stomach rumble. She slowly pulled the blanket down and opened her eyes slowly. She looked around but didn't recognize anything. She barely remembered what had happened the night before. That is until she tried to rub her temples but felt something in the way. She walked up to the mirror in the other side of the unknown room. She noticed that she didn't have her boots or her coat on. And to top it of, she had a bandage around her head. ' Okay let me see. I woke up in a strange bed, in a strange room. Not only that, but someone has taken my boots and coat off and I have a bloodstained bandage around my head. What the hell happened last night after that fight? ' She put her boots on, put on her coat and threw her bag over her shoulder. She slowly opened the door and peeked out. When she didn't see anyone she quietly slipped out. She rounded the corner at the end of the hall and walked into something, or rather someone's chest. She heard the sound of a door shutting and looked up and saw the last thing she expected. She stopped dead in her tracks and so did the one she had walked into. She heard someone cough and turned to see who it was. She saw a man that seemed to be around 5'3 and had brown hair. He wore a pair of light blue jeans and a white t-shirt under a black leather jacket. "Hey," he said watching them. Then he noticed the thing that had made Gambit freeze. The girl's eyes. They were just like Remy's eyes. Red irises on black sclera's. It didn't take long for all three of them to snap out of it. Wolverine was the first to speak. "I'm Wolverine, and you are?" He walked over to the kitchen table and put down the two bags of grocery he had bought. He looked at her again, waiting for her to answer but saw that she had turned back to Gambit, who was looking down and had a thoughtful look on his face. He turned back his attention to the groceries and started packing them away. The girl finally answered. "I'm Iris." "Nice to meet you, Iris. You were quite the fighter yesterday" He looked at her. "Thanks for helping