Hello there! I'm the Jade Raven of Rivendell - pleased to meet you! I'm not a newcomer to FanFiction - I've been around since November 2015, but I am new to the Lord of the Rings fandom. I really wish I had fallen into the marvelous world of Middle-Earth before now, but I haven't been able to appreciate it until just recently. Now I'm head-over-heels in love with it! :D This is an experimental FanFiction on my part - it's a crossover between The Lord of the Rings and a 1950s musical known as The Music Man . I'm loosely borrowing the plot from The Music Man , as well as the rewritten versions of the songs from aforementioned musical. It's been challenging, but I'm having fun with it, and I hope you enjoy it as well! I'm planning to include a link to the songs on my profile, but as of right now, I haven't located them yet, so . . . um . . . yeah. Unless you know the songs already, this probably isn't gonna make sense to anyone. Well, I've got to get going - but I leave you with Chapter I of The Army Man! I hope you enjoy! Naamarie! (Note: the major italicized bits are songs) The Army Man Chapter I: Not Your Everyday Caravan Our tale begins in a quiet country village in the land of Middle-Earth, somewhere between Rivendell and the border of the region of Eriador. We observe an unusual sight on the road leading out of town - a score of horses in two perfect rows of ten. Upon closer examination, we see that the two leading horses are tied loosely to each other by halters around their necks, and that the horses behind them are secured to them by a rope knotted loosely around their back left legs, the direct followers kept in line behind them by the other end of the rope tied around their left forelegs. This pattern is repeated for the other sixteen horses down the line, the one difference being that the gentle hemp manacle around the foreleg and back leg was the only way of keeping them in order. They are all blindfolded, most likely to prevent one from being spooked and thus setting the whole arrangement into a disarrayed frenzy. This is a wise move, as this unusual composition―still a work in progress―is a caravan of sorts. But not an ordinary one, as the people we see, mostly Men, but also a scattering of Dwarves, are not all the same ones who had been riding in this caravan when it left Rivendell earlier that day. A scarce few were, such as two Men from Minas Tirith and Edoras, who had taken this caravan for several days before arriving at this quiet provincial town. We observe this caravan with interest―this is something that we have never seen in Middle-Earth before―multiple travelers riding together, and arriving or leaving the group when they reach their desired destination, quite at their own leisure. This is fairly useful for the wandering merchants and peddlers who haunt the roads of Arda on foot, their heavy wares weighing them down and exhausting them after only a day or two's worth of walking. And for the Man, Elf, Dwarf, or even Hobbit who seeks a trip across the land with an ever-varying company of pleasant folk and the most splendid of views without the discomfort of sore feet or the fear of the danger which so often lurks in wait for the lone wanderer, this is a welcome device. But it is not always honest folk who use this new sort of caravan for travel, as we, the silent bystanders, soon observe. "All aboard what's coming aboard!" The grizzled caravan driver's yell rang clear through the late morning air. Most of the saddles in the caravan were filled, and while his bags were bulging with passengers' fare, the leader knew he couldn't make it through Eriador without a stop of two―these horses, despite being fed and watered at each stop, were quickly growing weary of the long roads, and he knew of only one town in that region that would just tolerate an overnight stay on his part―to even think of replacing the beasts was unheard of in this part of Middle-Earth. Well, looks like everyone's aboard, the man shrugged, glancing back behind him to see if his passengers were ready to ship out. But before he could snap the reins of the leaders, one more man, with surprising agility for the amount of heavy clothes he was wearing, ran up to the group, vaulted into an empty saddle, and shrieked, "Move, man, move!" "All right, all right, no need to shout!" the caravan driver snapped back, irritated by the newcomer's impatience. As he snapped the reins and the horses began their trot down the road, he didn't see the group of five or six men who had stopped as the caravan moved away. "Let 'im go, Ferny," one grunted―he was holding a rather threatening billy club. "We've made it plain we don't want no more o' his kind in Bree." As the caravan slowly moved down the country road, one of the travelers, a Dwarvish merchant, frowned at the late passenger. "What in the name of Thorin Oakenshield was that ruckus about, Gríma?" "Ah . . . a minor misunderstanding," the Man, Gríma, answered quickly, dusting himself off and attempting to appear casual. Although clearly no one believed him, the other passengers shrugged it off. "As I was saying―" the Dwarf turned to another traveler "―credit is no good for a leather merchant." A little further up the line, a young Man asked his neighbor, "How far are you going, friend?" The other fellow, another Man dressed in a cloak and smoking from a wooden pipe, replied quietly, "Wherever the need arises . . . friend." "What's the matter with credit?" the other side of the Dwarf salesman's conversation demanded. "It's old-fashioned!" Although with notable reluctance, the Dwarf turned to the Man Gríma for back-up. "Gríma, you sell anvils―do you offer credit?" "Not at all, Master Gimli." While he did not offer credit, Gríma offered a rather unpleasant smile to the Dwarf Gimli, who quickly turned back to his companion. "Nor anybody else?" "Hobbiton, next stop, Hobbiton in the Shire!" the caravan driver bellowed from the head of the lines. No sooner had he said this that he suddenly spurred the horses to quicken their pace, and the abrupt increase of speed sent most of the passengers falling face-first into the necks of their mounts. After spitting out unpleasant tufts of horsehair and readjusting themselves in the saddle, Gimli said, addressing his fellow merchants and peddlers who accompanied him, " Gold for the merchandise, gold for the harnesses― " "― gold for the cotton goods, gold for the hard goods! " another Dwarf, an elderly bloke named Gloin, added. " Gold for the fancy goods, gold for the soft goods, " Gimli continued. " Gold for the noggins and the piggins and the firkins! " Gloin agreed. One of the Men, a younger fellow named Hama, added, " Gold for the hogshead, cask, and demijohn; gold for the crackers and the pickles and the parchment paper! " This continual chanting kept in perfect time with the clippety-clop, clippety-clop of the horses' hooves, which was gradually increasing in speed. " Look, whaddya talk, whaddya talk, whaddya talk? " another Man called out. " Where'dya get it? " a third yelled. " Whaddya talk? " " You can talk, you can talk, you can bicker, you can talk, " said Gimli, with all the seasoning of a veteran salesman in his voice, " you can bicker bicker bicker, you can talk, you can talk; you can talk talk talk talk, bicker bicker bicker―you can talk all you want to, but it's diff'rent than it was! " " No it isn't, no it isn't, " Gríma interjected, ever the argumentative one, " but you have to know the territory! " " Chi, chi, chi, chi, chi, " Hama tried to soothe oil over the troubled waters beginning to stir between Gimli and Gríma. " Why it's the oliphaunts made the trouble, made the people wanna go, wanna get, wanna get up and go―7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 14, 22, 23 miles to the council seat! " " Yes sir! Yes sir! " the others chorused. " Who's gonna patronize a little bitty farmer's market kind of stand anymore? " asked Hama, slightly derisive. " Whaddya talk? Whaddya talk? " " Where'dya get it? " " Gone, gone ―" Hama sighed. " Gone with the hogshead, cask, and demijohn, " Gimli concurred, " gone with the sugar barrel, pickle barrel, milk pan; gone with the tub and the pail and the tierce― " " Ever meet a fellow who goes by Dúnedain? " A new voice, that of a Gondorian named Beregond, joined the conversation. " Dúnedain? " Gimli was confused. " Dúnedain! " exclaimed Gríma, gnashing his teeth at the name. " Dúnedain? " With each refrain of the name, the speaker's head turned towards Beregond. " Dúnedain? " " Dúnedain? " " Dúnedain? " " Dúnedain! " Beregond repeated, spreading his hands. " No! " they all replied as one. " Just a minute, just a minute, just a minute― " Gríma tried to cut in, but Gimli beat hiim to it. " Never heard of any man Dúnedain, " said the Dwarf, frowning at Beregond. " Now he doesn't know the territory, " Beregond began. " Doesn't know the territory? " exclaimed Gimli, slightly appalled―this was unheard of for a traveling merchant. " What's the man's line? " asked an intrigued Hama. " Never worries about his line, " replied Beregond. " Never worries about his line? " repeated Gimli, shaking his head. " Or a doggone thing― " a few of the Men frowned at the younger Man's use of strange slang "― he's just a bang-beat, bell-ringing, big haul, great go-neck-or-nothing, rip-roaring, every-time-a-bull's-eye salesman! That Ranger Aragorn Dúnedain! " " Tell us, what's his line? What's his line? " Gloin called out. " He's a fraud, and he doesn't know the territory! " shouted a furious Gríma. " Look, whaddya talk, whaddya talk, whaddya talk, whaddya talk? " the Man from before asked skeptically. " He's an army man! " stated Beregond. " He's a what? He's a what? " Hama was more than confused. " He's an army man, and he sells scimitars to the men in the town with the big bow-and-arrows and the long-range spears! Big strong swords, big strong swords; and the pike and axe, the pike and axe with suits of armor too with matching shields and banners and even a cape or two. " " Well, I don't know much about armies, " Gimli folded his arms across his chest, " but I do know you can't make a living selling swords and spears, no sir! Man-made blades, perhaps, and here and there a dagger― " " No, the fellow sells armies―full armies! " Beregond proclaimed. " I don't know how he does it―but he lives like a king and he dallies and he gathers and he plucks and he shines, and when the man battles, certainly lads, what else? The gen'ral pays him ! Yes sir! Yes sir! Yes, sir. Yes, sir. " The horses were beginning to slow down. " When the man battles, certainly lads, what else? The gen'ral pays him ! " " Yes, sir! Yes, sir! " " But he doesn't know the territory! " Gríma screeched, just as the horses pulled to an abrupt stop. Once again, the riders were nearly thrown out of their saddles―only this time they fell backwards instead of frontways. "Get a move on―we're nearly there!" the irate caravan driver barked, slapping the flank of the horse who had caused the unexpected delay.