Ok! So this is my first original fanfic so forgive me if its a little on the rough side. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians. If I did I would not be wasting my time with fanfic. I'd be on a yacht. Enjoy! Percy POV I watched as the rain fell from the sky and crashed to the ground. The other students complained about how noisy it was or how it would mess with their hair. Not me, I liked it. I liked the noise and the darkness the clouds brought with them. I liked the destruction that they could bring. I liked that even though so many people hated the rain, it had the power to wipe out each and every one of them. The bus pulled to a stop. "Alright class! We're about to head in to the museum! Partner up and get ready to make a break to it!" Mr. Brunner called Every one split into pairs and started talking about their plans for summer break, which was only a week away, and inviting each other to do things together. But no one partnered with me. No one came to talk to me and invite me to do things with them. It's not like I cared though, I like it better this way. People had a way of grating on my nerves, they complain too much and worry about the wrong things. Anyway, Mr. Brunner rolled his wheel chair down the ramp on the bus and rolled to the door as quickly as he could. The rest of the class followed behind him sprinting the best they could. I however walked at a normal pace, I enjoyed being under the dark ominous clouds. The class was impatiently waiting for me inside the glass doors, several of them, including Nancy Bobofit, were glaring at me. Once I was caught up, Mr. Brunner began the tour of the museum. As we went by all the Greek statues and vases and paintings, Mr. Brunner gave as a detailed history of each and every god and goddess that has ever been written about. He also told us about all the mythological monsters and what their weaknesses were. I listened to what he said with rigid attention, not because I found it interesting. But because I had a funny feeling that none of this was mythology, and I had a feeling that Mr. Brunner knew too. I paid special attention to the monsters and how to defeat them, I thought I saw a few monsters before, that's why I was suspicious of Greek mythology. I've seen a few cyclopses and even a hell hound or two. I've never told my mother about the monsters because she would either freak out or put me in a mental institution. I was pulled out of my thoughts by something hitting the back of my skull. I frowned and turned my head. And surprise surprise, Nancy Bobofit and her stupid friends were laughing and throwing pebbles at me. Nancy looked at me grinned evilly and threw one straight at my eye. I growled, when she threw another one, I quickly swung my arm and grabbed it before it could hit. I aimed and hit Nancy right in the eye like she did to me not a minute before. She doubled over and clutched her eye. I smirked and turned my attention back to Mr. Brunner. After the museum, we all piled back onto the bus. I walked to the back seat and slipped in my headphones as usual. The bus had been traveling for a about an hour when all of a sudden the buss shook and shuddered and pulled to a stop with the hood smoking. "Everybody off! Don't want to breathe any toxic fumes that may drift in here!" The bus driver called Everybody groaned and complained that they didn't want to get wet, but they did shuffle off the bus. I followed behind last. I stepped off the bus and walked a bit off to the side where there weren't as many people. I stared across the highway and looked around. The grass and the plants here don't seem to get much water, they were pretty dried out. "Are you all right Mr. Jackson?" Mr. Brunner's voice asked I hadn't even noticed him come up. "Uh, yeah everything's fine." I said uncertainly While Mr. Brunner was by the best and kindest teacher at Yancy academy he still mostly kept his distance from me, although not quite as far as everyone else. "Strange thing, the bus just stopping like this." Mr. Brunner said casually "Yes, I suppose so." I replied "Has anything else... Strange happened to you like this?" He asked seemingly casually but I looked a little closer. You could see curiosity and hope in his eyes. Hope? "Yes." I finally replied He looked at me rather strangely, as if studying me. "Really, like what?" He asked trying to keep up his facade I looked him in the eye. "If I told you, you wouldn't believe me." I said honestly He looked slightly surprised I looked across the highway again. This time I noticed a little fruit stand where three old ladies were knitting. One of them holding scissors looked at me, dead in the eye. And she pulled up her scissors and cut the thread. Mr. Brunner gasped but quickly tried to mask it with a yawn. Right then the bus engine roared back to life. I started walking towards it with the rest of the students. I felt a hand grab my arm, I looked down and saw Mr. Brunner grabbing my arm. "Percy, if things ever get a little... Unusual and chaotic. Come here." He said quietly handing me a card. I grabbed it and read it. "Camp half-" "No! Don't say it! Just-just keep it." He said "Ookay." I said and people said I was strange He let go of my arm and I continue on to the bus trying to put as much distance between me and him. Once the bus began moving again, I was lost in my own little world of music and staring out the window. The rest off the week passed normally enough, scrapped by most of my exams. Aced Greek mythology. Really I was just looking forward to going home and seeing my mom. I love my mom, usually she is the only one who ever understood. She was the only person on the face of the earth that actually understood me. It was nice being able to talk to her and tell her everything. And it was almost time to see her, right now I was packing up my stuff and trying to hurry as much as I could so I could head home. Once I finished packing I headed outside and started making my way over to the main building to let them know I was heading home. I walked and signed out as I turned to go I saw Mr. Brunner approaching me. "Hello Percy." He greeted "Would you mind coming to my office for a moment?" Ugh, this is the last thing I want to do right now. "Yeah sure. Could you make it quick though? I'm running late to meet my mom." I said He had a grim look about him. I followed his wheel chair as he led me through the teacher corridors and to his office. He pushed open the door and went behind his desk. I walked in and closed the door. "What did you want to talk about?" I asked trying to get to the point "Well, you know that camp I was telling you about? I was wondering if you would be interested in going. It's free by the way." He said Why did he care if I went to a summer camp? "Um, I really don't think I'll be going. Summer is kind of the only time I get to see my mom. We usually spend most of the time together." I said He nodded "Percy have those strange things been happening more often?" He asked randomly "What? Uh, I suppose so." I said uncertainly I mean I have been seeing a few more 'monsters' but all of them could be passed off as caused by being stressed or too tired. He nodded again "Yes I thought so." He muttered "Look what's your point Mr. Brunner? I'd like to be going home sometime today." I said impatiently "Right. Well, Percy I don't think it would be a good idea for you to go home this summer." He deadpanned My jaw dropped, was he joking? He was joking right? Who was he to tell me I couldn't go see my mother? What is going on? "Excuse me?" I asked stunned "Please just listen-" he started "No you listen! You may control what I do during the school year, but the school year ended yesterday! I do what I want now! Who are you to try and tell me what I can and can't do?" I asked angry "Please Percy its for your own safety. These strange things you've been seeing-" "Oh is that what this is about? Well first off, I am not going to your little mental institution! Second I don't recall telling you what I've seen! Maybe I just meant I didn't notice someone at first so it seemed like they just appeared!" I justified "Percy I know what you've been seeing, I've seen people like you before. And this is not a mental institution. It's a safe haven." Mr. Brunner said "No. I am not going. I am going home." I said turning and walking towards the door. "Percy please I beg you to reconsider!" He called but I was already long gone. Mr. Brunner had really gotten on my nerves today, seriously how dare he try and order me to his crazy camp! But whatever, at least I could see my mom again today. In fact I was just about to see her. I was walking to my apartment door and I was just about to go in and see my mom. "Hello? Mom?" I called poking my head in I walked in and suddenly all the air was crushed out of me as my mom gave me a big bear hug. "Can't... BREATH!" I gasped She let go with a smile "Sorry, I missed you so much Percy! You grew so much! How was school? Tell me everything!" She said excitedly I smile a bit at how excited she is. My mom has always been the kind to always look on the positive side of things and see the best in people. Everyone always loved her for it. "It was good, better than usual at least." I started We sat down on the couch and I began telling her all about school this year and all the stuff that had happen and how I had gotten through the year with only a few fights. It was nice to sit and talk with her. "-So that was my school year." I finished about an hour or so later "Wow, sounds like a pretty good year! Did anything happen on the way home?" She asked "No- but, on the way back from the museum the bus broke down in the middle of the road. Mr. Brunner came up and told me about a summer camp he thought I'd be interested in. And across the street there were three old ladies knitting, the weird thing was one of them looked right at me, like right in the eye. And then she took her scissors all slow and cut the thread. Mr. Brunner saw and he freaked out! Maybe he had a fear of old ladies knitting!" I said trying to joke She didn't laugh, not surprising though. I'm terrible at making jokes But I looked closely at her and she looked pale and shaken. No not shaken...