A/N: I've used bits from the book and the movie in this Fanfic as there were bits I liked that were in the movie but not the book and vice versa. The cool water felt good on her skin. Above her there is nothing but shimmery light; the place where she came from and will go back to when she's done. Today was the reaping day and as she swam she thought of the amount of times her name had been put into that glass bowl. She felt a stab of fear in her chest but quickly pushed it away, fear was a weakness; Wren couldn't afford weakness, best not to feel, show no emotions, and show no weakness. She rose above the surface of the water and began to swim back to the shore, it was almost time for the reaping and Wren still needed to sell the fish she had caught to the stall in the underground market. She swam into a small cave, hidden just beneath the water, and climbed atop the rocks that circled the water, she pulled her clothes onto her still soaking body, picked up her bag of fish and then began hopping across the rocks. At the other side of the cave was a huge crack that led out into the district, nobody knew about this cave and Wren liked to keep it as her little secret. She loved swimming in the ocean and this was the best hide away, the best way to get away from the world. She ran to the abandoned warehouse on the other side of the harbour and stopped by a sewer grate, checking that there were no peacekeepers about, which there was not, she lifted the grate, hung her bag of fish over her shoulder and then climbed in carefully. The ladder leading down was old and rusty and creaked as she put her weight on it. Praying the ladder would hold she pulled the grate back into place and plunged herself into complete darkness. The sewer was the best place for the market because it hadn't been used for a decade. She waited on the ladder for a moment while her eyes adjusted and then she jumped down from the ladder and landed in a crouch on the dry, dusty floor. Most people would bring some sort of light source down with them but Wren did not need to. She was not your regular run-of-the-mill human, she was a Werewolf, Lycanthrope, Loup-Garou call it what you will she was born as one and could not change what she was, and she had tried many times. She could see perfectly in the dark as long as there was light, no matter how little, her wounds healed faster than a humans, she was stronger than any sixteen year old should be and obviously there was her 'other form'. It was a secret she planned to take to her grave. Wren rushed through the passages and eventually stopped in front of a large circular iron door. She knocked twice and immediately a slide at the top of the door opened, revealing two grey eyes. They looked at her suspiciously, squinted and then crinkled as the rest of the face that was hidden stretched into a wide smile "ah, Wren. We were wonderin' when you'd be making an appearance." Wren smiled and nodded once and then the slide closed and the sound of metal sliding across metal began echoing through the tunnels. The door opened slowly, its old hinges groaning loudly. An old man appeared from behind the door and huffed "bloody door," then he grinned at Wren and motioned with his hand for her to go in. When she crossed the threshold she went straight to her favourite stall, dumped her fish in front of the stall vendor; Leo and looked at him expectantly. He sighed, a small smile twitching at the corners of his mouth, and began rearranging the fish in accordance to size and breed, most of them were average sized sea bass but there were some small tuna, a handful of shrimp and even a collection of sea shells. Leo was a friendly enough man. He was as skinny as everyone else in the district. He wore a pair of dirty and ripped black dungarees. He had short, scruffy auburn hair and kind, brown eyes. He always gave Wren great offers on whatever she brought in. She waited patiently for him to finish adding up an estimate and then watched as he began digging around in his stall, filling up her bag with all sorts of goodies. As he handed over the bag Wren gave him one of her rarest smiles and he grinned back. "Good luck today" he said and she nodded, giving him a smaller, slightly sad, smile. When she got back to her hut it was cold and empty, like it had been for the last eleven years. She dumped her bag on her crooked table and snatched her prettiest dress off of the hook. It was a plain looking knee-length, pale blue summer dress with silver trim in the skirt. She dressed quickly and tied her hair in a plait then twisted it into a bun, finishing just as the alarm started to sound. She hid her bag under some loose floorboards and then left, shutting the door behind her. She followed the other district members to the town square where they always hosted the reaping. Signing in was as depressing as it was every year. Wren held out her hand and barely felt the pain as the needle pierced her skin, she had been so frightened the first time, scared that they would detect her werewolf blood but fortunately she was ushered passed with no trouble. She lined up with the rest of the teenagers her age and waited, pushing down the fear when it tried to resurface, she stood impassive as the film about the dark days began. The crowd all gave a silent sigh of relief once the short film had finish and then a short man with white-blonde hair and a curly moustache stood in front of the microphone. "Happy hunger games and may the odds be forever in your favour," the man smiled grimly at the crowd and then cleared his throat "I am Scott Orson. I will be your escort for the next few years." He looked over the crowd and his face suggested he would rather be anywhere else. "Now then let's pick our tributes for the seventy-forth hunger games!" Wren heard a sharp intake of breath beside her and turned her head slightly to look at the girl standing on her left. "How many times has your name been put in?" Wren asked gently and the blonde head swivelled to look at her. Her mouth opened and closed a few times before she found her voice. "Fifteen, I think" she mumbled and Wren smiled gently "then don't worry, my name is more likely to be chosen. I've had to put my name in there over forty times." The girl's eyes widened but she did look a little bit relieved. Wren turned back to look at Orson in time to see a boy around the age of twelve or thirteen walking up the steps and onto the stage, she had missed his name, and now Orson was rummaging around in the glass bowl of girls names. He pulled out a slip of paper, flattened it out, and read the name "Wren Ellwood." It took a moment for her to realize and when she did she began to sweat. She numbly walked up to the stage, looking around in the hopes that somebody would volunteer themselves in her place. Nobody did. The first thought that came to her shocked mind was; 'the food I just bought is going to spoil.' Orson took her hand and patted her on the back when she got on stage. Absent-mindedly she shook the other tributes hand and before she knew it she was sitting in a comfortable chair, watching the scenery whizz by from the window of the train whilst only half listening to the droning of Orson's voice as he explained what was expected of them when they got to the capitol. Wren hid a yawn behind her hand and turned to Orson, about to ask if she could sleep for the rest of the journey, when the door at the end of the carriage slid open and a tall, handsome man with tan skin, bronze hair and green eyes, that reminded her of the seaweed back home, walked in. He noticed her staring and winked. He sat next to the other tribute, Wren still hadn't caught his name, and reached across the table for a scone. He spread some cream on it before taking a big bite, he wiped some cream off of his lip and then grinned at his audience. Orson glared at him and the golden man sighed before finishing off his scone. "This Is Finnick Odair, your mentor. He will tell you how to get sponsors, give you tips for the arena and prepare you for your appearance on Caesar Flickerman's show." Finnick gave a short wave and then sipped at the tea he had poured himself. Orson groaned in irritation and then stood. "I'll leave you to talk" he said before stomping out the door that Finnick had come in from. All was quiet for a moment and then Finnick cleared his throat. Wren had a niggling feeling that those two didn't get along. "His corset must be too tight" he mumbled and then he looked from Wren to the other tribute and then back. "So, what's your name honey?" he asked in a seductive purr. Wren gave him a blank look. "Wren Ellwood" she said quietly and then turned her head to watch the scenery again, but she kept one ear on the conversation Finnick was having with Dylan. She had finally heard the other tribute introduce himself. Wren didn't really talk unless she had to. Watching your family be killed by peacekeepers and then having to live alone for eleven years would do that to a five year old. But she had been strong; she had the blood of a werewolf, her ancestors' memories had been a huge help as well. The memories had taught her how to make a fire, the most effective way to fish, and so much more. Wren owed her very life to her ancestors'. She sat quietly, listening to most of the conversation until Finnick confessed that he had no idea how to get sponsors. "What!?" Dylan yelled, standing from his seat in a fit of outrage "you're our mentor aren't you supposed to know these things?" Wren stared at Finnick with apprehensive eyes. She was sure that Dylan would get sympathy votes for being so young but doubted the Capitol would do the same for her. Finnick grinned at Dylan. "When you look this good," he gestured to himself "you don't need to work for sponsors." Dylan growled angrily before storming out of the carriage, much like Orson had. Wren turned back to Finnick to find him staring at her with a look of deep concentration on his face. Wren knew what he was looking at. She knew how weird she looked weird for someone from district four, with their light hair and tanned skin, so she just stared back at him, letting him get his fill of her dark hair, pale skin and, weirdest of all, golden eyes. She looked away but could still feel his curious gaze burning holes in the side of her head. She was rescued from the continuous stare moments later when Orson came back into the carriage and huffily announced that lunch was being served in the dining carriage. Orson led Wren and Dylan through the many carriages, Finnick trailing behind, until they entered a brightly lit one with many