I started a new chapter but it seemed to fit better as part of this one. I've made a few small changes too, but nothing major. I wasn't sure if it was a nightmare or a flashback. It felt like it had been so long since I could last tell the difference between being asleep and awake. I saw the shift in posture of the guys who weren't on patrol. Immediately alert, two of them bound out of the house before I heard the tell-tale ripping noise and growls of their shift. The one that remained stood guard at the door, his body tense and every nerve on alert. 'What's happened?' I asked. I was waved into silence. The house was flanked by forest, with a large grass clearing at its front. The back of the house opened up immediately to a thick wall of trees and bracken. What seemed like an eternity passed in tense silence. I heard a howl in the distance. You could learn a lot from a howl. I'd often compared it to babies' crying, much to my pack's dismay. There were 'I've found food' howls, 'I'm messing around' howls or even the 'how you doin'?' howls. This was a howl I'd never heard, and never wanted to again. It was pain and heart ache. Jeremy, the youngest member of the pack who had been left with me tensed, bracing himself against the white paint of the window frame. Jeremy ran to the door and flung it open; in the distance I could see the rest of the pack making their way towards us. Four massive wolves, most at least six foot at the shoulder ran alongside two people, naked. One of them was holding someone to their chest, the body's limp arm bouncing around as they ran toward the house. All at once it was a bluster of noise and activity. The normally spacious living room was all of a sudden far too small. Seven people surrounded me, whilst someone laid Ryan on the floor in front of me. It was a cacophony of statements and questions: Can you help him? It was a vampire. He never saw it coming. Is it too late? Look at the bruises. He's still breathing though, right? Hard fingers dug hard into my shoulder. Any other time and I would have noticed the shooting pain. 'Why aren't you doing anything?' he shouted. A tall figure, the tallest, shoved the hand away and barked 'enough!' at the crowd around me. Instantly, there was silence. Ryan was lying prone on the floor. He was only wearing his canvas cut-offs, enjoying the sun whilst out running. His bare chest let me see the flush purple and black bruising around his ribs. A distinct raised ridge marked at least one very obvious broken rib. I could hear his haggard breathing under the panting of the pack members. Some of his fingers were twisted at unnatural angles and his face bore two black eyes, and a broken nose. I dropped to my knees next to him and put my hands on either side of his head. The world stopped. It always took a second to adjust to the new feedback. There was no sight, smell or touch. It was now electrical impulses sent from someone else's brain to parts of their body. All I had to do was watch. Often when I was practicing this felt a little voyeur-istic, but then I didn't even think about it. The body was trying to repair the damage, sending messages to where they were needed most. There was so much going on I couldn't grasp it all at once. His metabolism was so fast, when I'd caught one reading, it was already changing. After a few seconds, perhaps too many, I finally got a picture of what was happening: lungs punctured, heart damaged, internal bleeding, fractured skull, minor broken bones. There was too much! I couldn't do all this. The goal was to keep him alive. Rule one: treat the patient in front of you. Who is it? What are their strengths? Ryan's body would repair most of the damage itself, but only if he survived. So the job was life-threatening injuries. I moved my hands from his head to his bare chest. Concentrating on the connection I'd made, I felt the broken ribs through his mind. Usually, there was a chant I'd use to help me focus, or some meditation to calm me before I began. Not so today. I opened my mind and energy pulsed through my hands. I saw it as a tidal wave of green; others had said they couldn't see anything, but to me it was like an ocean of emerald. His rib cage snapped back into place, pushing Ryan's chest back into its normal shape. I think I heard gasps around me, but too focused, I carried on. The bones snapping back into place had left gaping holes in his lungs that were filling with blood. Energy surrounded the damages areas, stopping the blood. With a little help, his body repaired the holes almost as quickly as I could have. With the first major obstacle out of the way, I looked to his heart. Bruised and battered, I was worried it wouldn't carry him through healing his injuries. A flutter of impulses shot through his body, wracking my mind. The internal bleeding was worse than I thought. Ryan was bleeding to death on the floor, right in front of me. I pulled on my reserves, but setting his bones had taken its toll. Heart or bleeding? Heart or bleeding? I didn't know. I wasn't sure. I had to choose one: the bleeding was bad, but if his heart stopped: game over. Although, I still had a trick up my sleeve. I made the waves of green pulse into a single pin-point of light. I placed it carefully at the centre of his heart, and spoke a Word. The little point of light pulsed slightly in recognition. Nothing compared to the power I poured into such a simple act. My heart gave a flutter at the effort. His heart responded with a loud thud. Ryan's eyes flew open and he gasped for breath. He rolled onto his side and coughed up the blood that had made it into his lungs. He looked around the room confused, but with a relieved smile laid back down on his back. I felt my energy continuing to pulse from his heart through to the rest of his body. The injuries I couldn't heal now would be kept at bay until his body could repair them. The price however, well, I wasn't sure what that would be. I put my hand on his shoulder to get his attention. Tired blue eyes met my now dull green-grey. 'You good?' I asked. 'I'm good.' He said with a small smile. I nodded and laid down next to him, resting in the crook of his arm, my head on his shoulder. 'Good.' I muttered and then everything just kind of, well, stopped. The pulse in his heart continued to the rhythm of my heart beat. Over the next I don't know how long, I remember talks. Everyone sat in the living room with our Alpha, Jared, asking questions from the pack. I don't remember the questions, or even the topic, all there was was the small green light keeping Ryan alive. Unbeknownst to him. I know there were arguments: Jeremy got angry at something, and one of the others stepped up to him. It got loud and I shuffled uncomfortably at the noise. I realised then that I was on the only piece of furniture in the large room, a beaten-up old sofa. Not alone however, as I felt a deep growl rumble through the chest that I was lying against. Gentle, steel hard arms tightened a little around me whilst Ryan growled at Jeremy and the other person who was shouting. Ryan was warm, and I let myself fall into oblivion whilst the power of my Word kept the spell working. The next memory was blurry. I hadn't moved, and Ryan's arm was still around my waist, holding me to his chest whilst his other played with my hair. Everything else was chaos. Jared was in the middle of it, trying to direct people to this way, and take that over there. Watching was exhausting, but I remember being entranced at the pack working together and our Alpha leading the way. I was jerked forwards out of a daze. Someone had tried to lift me off the sofa. By the time I had managed to open my eyes, I was lying flat on the sofa and without Ryan's body heat at my back it felt cold. Ryan, and the green point of light happily sitting in his heart, was stood between me and someone else. Ryan was still wearing his cut-offs and his hair was a mess, but he was crouched in a defensive stance and the other person was getting up from the floor. Guess Ryan didn't want me moved. Being part of a pack meant the occasional testosterone stand-off. I went back to my non-sleep, unresponsive, just focus on the green light comatose state. Even with them fighting, with the pack was the safest place I could be. Next memory: a loud growl and rumble. It wasn't the kind of growl I was used to, and managed to open my eyes in curiosity. I had someone's arm around my waste, holding me safe whilst everything seemed to bounce around. The heat from behind me and the cut-offs that I could see meant that Ryan was here. Ian 'The shadow' was next to us, driving us in the packs utility truck, the source of the growl. I was getting annoyed at not knowing what was happening; coupled with the sudden 'everyone in a truck and move' thing and I was grumpy. I gave my own version of a growl and shuffled in Ryan's arms to try and see the pack. The chest I was leaning on rumbled a little, laughing at my growl. Bastard. Through the small window, I could see the pack, with lots of bags, sitting behind the drive cabin of the truck enjoying the open air whipping past. Jeremy caught my eye and excitedly elbowed the person sitting next to him, gesturing at me. I had no idea what I looked like, but attention was not what was needed. I temporarily forgave Ryan for laughing at me, focused on the green light to see it was doing its job nicely and then disappeared into oblivion, again. Suddenly, I was back in the house with Ryan dying in front of me. Everyone was shouting, the noise keeping me from concentrating. I cried out and jerked forward, the most movement I'd made since speaking the Word. I felt the swerve of the truck as I scared the crap out of Ian who was still driving. Ryan's arms were suddenly a gentle vice, pulling me back down. I could feel his breath on my neck as he whispered nonsensical nothings to calm me down. His insane body heat and ramblings and the safety of his arms quickly led me back to oblivion. Oblivion. Calling it sleep would be too kind. The gentle pulse of green in his heart continued. There was a shuffle around me. We were in a house again, but not our house. When I managed to open my eyes, they were ground level, lying on a blanket in a large room made from wooden logs. It briefly reminded me of the log cabins you'd see in adverts. There was still the familiar body heat draped around me. I pulled at the arm that was draped nonchalantly across my hip, pulling at the heat. With what seemed like a monumental effort, I managed a half-turn towards the source of the heat. A deep chuckle and movement