Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, nor do I own any of it's characters, plot elements, or general ideas. It's sad, but it's true. Harry stepped out onto his front stoop and closed the door of Grimmuald Place tightly behind him. The rain was beating down over his head in an almost constant downpour, and he instantly regretted the fact that he didn't own and umbrella. Some things seem pointless when you're a wizard, but much like Arthur Weasley, Harry retained a certain level of respect and appreciation for Muggle inventions. He pulled his hood up over his head and buried his hands deep into the pockets of his hoodie and glanced down the street in both directions before muttering a few wards over the building. Gotta love wandless magic , he thought as he sloshed down the stairs and began his walk towards the alley a few blocks over. There weren't many people out at all on this gloomy day and he found that he was entirely too thankful for his solitude. Lately, Harry couldn't get enough time to himself… or rather, time without random people sticking their noses where they didn't belong. It had been a little over three years since he had defeated Voldemort, but for Harry, the battle would never truly be over. After he had died and come back, and it had all been said and done, Harry had expected his life to carry a sense of normalcy… for there to be a sense of peace about him that would somehow magically reconcile all the hardship he'd endured over the past seventeen years. But night after night, he got less and less sleep. The endless chase of being an Auror had been wearing on him more than he liked recently, and on days like this one, when the sun was nowhere to be found and his only companion was the dribble of rain running down his chest, there were few things that could console him. Luckily, one thing that always seemed to do the trick was a visit with Hermione. He reached the end of the street and turned, heading in the direction of a dark and foreboding alleyway. He pulled one hand out of its pocket and pulled the hoodie down a little further over his head, making sure that it covered his forehead and as much of his eyes as possible. He took two large strides and ducked behind a bin which was pushed snug against the side of one of the buildings. Taking one last glance at his surroundings, ensuring that he was away from prying eyes, Harry ducked his head and stepped forward, turning quickly on the spot and vanishing into thin air, leaving no more than a soft crack in his wake. He shook his head of the droplets as he strode through the doorway and into the front landing of a very warm and very cozy flat. Harry shrugged off his sweater and ran a hand through his unkempt hair, not bothering to pay attention to where the specs of water were falling. "Hermione!" he called into the foyer. He stopped for a moment and listened, one hand outstretched and holding onto the stair banister, the other reaching down to pull off the sogging trainers. There was a slight commotion coming from within the kitchen down the hallway, but there was no reply. Taking both his shoes and socks in hand, Harry crossed the hall and entered the sitting room in the front where a large fire was roaring. The space was warm and inviting and Harry smiled to himself as he noticed there were several new photographs adorning the shelves surrounding the fireplace. He dropped his shoes and socks to the floor in front of the flames and leaned in closer to appreciate the smiling faces as they moved about in the frames. There were several that he recognized, old favorites or ones that he remembered taking, but there was a new one of himself and Ron that he didn't recognize. They were sitting outside the Burrow laughing at something… there was a sense of lightheartedness that brought warmth to his heart. It had been a long time since he'd seen that look cross any of their faces. "Hermione," Harry called, hoping that she'd not be too startled by his presence. "You doing alright in there?" He stepped over to the sofa across from the fireplace and reached behind it, pulling out a little clothes rack from between it and the wall. Setting it up in front of the fire, he proceeded to pull his drenched hoodie over his head and drape it across the rungs, picking his socks up from where he'd discarded them and doing the same with each of them. "I'm in the kitchen, Harry," she called. He smiled slightly and began to take his t-shirt off but her voice was followed by a loud crash. "Bullocks! That'd be the turkey. Could you give me a hand in here?" He quickly yanked the tee over his head and tossed it on the rack before darting back toward the hallway and the kitchen. When he came up to the doorway, he couldn't help but let out a light chuckle at the sight before him. There was a mess of vegetables all over the floor, scattered about around the lifeless turkey. Hermione was on hands and knees, crawling about as she tried to pick up all the scattered carrots and potatoes, putting them back into a bowl. She looked up as Harry entered the room and he could see a little stream of tears beginning to run down her cheeck. Harry's heart sank at the sight but he couldn't manage to wipe the smile off his face. "What are you doing on the floor?" he asked. Hermione glared at him and he quickly raised his hands in surrender. "Alright, alright, getting down to help," he said, trailing off as he too came down to his knees and began to pick up the scattered food. "Harry, they're going to be here in ten minutes. This stupid turkey seems to have grown back its legs and keeps trying to walk off. Not literally, of course, that would be outrageous – heavens, I don't know what I would do if that happened. Thank Merlin I scrubbed the floors last night and thought to prepare the casserole as well. I thought I'd be able to lift the turkey out of the oven without a problem, but it was heavier than I'd thought. What took you so long? I thought you were coming over early." She finally stopped her meticulous collecting and looked up to Harry long enough to take in his appearance. "Merlin, Harry! My parents are coming over for dinner and this is how you've decided to dress? Where are your clothes?" "Hermione, calm down," Harry said, standing with the turkey and walking over to the counter where the empty dish was. "Have you looked outside lately? It's like a tsunami out there – I was drenched." "And I suppose you've forgotten how to magically dry things?" she bit back, also standing and dumping the bowl of vegetables into a colander in the sink. She stopped with her hands resting along the counter, peering into the pile of vegetables and then looked to Harry. "I'm just nervous, Harry. I'm sorry. I shouldn't be so harsh on you." "What's making you feel so nervous? You've got two of the most supportive and loving parents I know. Hermione, they only worry over you because they care." "I'm just afraid that when they see Ron's not here… I suppose I just want them to know that I'm doing alright; I want them to stop worrying that I'm not happy. There is such a thing as caring too much, you know." "You don't say," he mumbled, thinking back to how she'd always cared rather… aggressively. "What was that?" she snapped, turning to look at him with a look that could rival McGonagall's. "Nothing; I just want you to relax." He reached out and put his hands on her shoulders, drawing her in closer. She was now flush against him, wrapper her arms around his torso and holding him in a loose hug. Harry leaned down and placed a gentle kiss atop her head. "It's going to be fine," he mumbled into her hair. "Ron doesn't know what he's missing." "I'm afraid he knows exactly what he's missing and just doesn't care. That's what tends to make me worry. You know… there are times I wish I'd let them live out their lives, happy and carefree in Australia." "You don't mean that, Hermione." "But I think I do, Harry. Not all the time; that was a hard time for me. I think I'd miss them too much. But there's a part of me that wonders if it'd all be easier if I knew that I was… more on my own. If I knew that my actions, my decisions, weren't really affecting anyone but me. Do you ever feel that way?" Harry stood and thought for a moment. "I think that's something I've always wished wasn't the case for me. And I think that's what I love about the Weasley's so much. No matter how… overbearing they can be, I know that they're as close to family as I've got and I like knowing that someone cares. Either way, whether or not they were here or in Australia, you'd still have me to put up with." He gave her a tight squeeze, trying to tease the dreariness out of her. "What can I do to help?" "You know you could start by putting some clothes on," Hermione said, leaning back and looking up at him. A smile began to spread across her face. "I don't think that my mum would appreciate your lack of dignity." "Lack of dignity? Hermione Jean, its bloody pouring outside, I could have caught pneumonia, and all you're worried about is my dignity? I suppose it's a good thing I keep extra clothes at your place, yeah?" "I suppose it is," Hermione responded, rolling her eyes as she pushed herself out of his grip and over to the refrigerator. She reached in and pulled out the casserole, taking it to the stove. Harry stood, arms crossed, and watched as she busied herself around the kitchen, a light smile of his own quickly taking hold of his lips. "I'll get to it then; be right back." Harry was half way down the hall when he turned around and poked his head in the kitchen once more. "Do you still have that Weasley sweater you took from my place a few weeks back? I think that's warmer than any of the shirts I've got in your closet…" "It should be there," Hermione said, looking back at him from where she stood at the sink. "I think your old Quidditch jersey might be in one of my drawers – just poke around until you find something." Harry walked down the stairs just as there came a knock from the front door. "Hermione," he called through the house. "I think they're here – should I let them in?" "Yes," she said, coming out of the dining room and walking up behind him. "Go ahead and get the door, would you? I'm going to move your things out of the sitting room." Harry took the few extra steps toward the door and looked to his left into the little mirror which hung on the wall. He took in his somewhat ragged appearance and sighed. His hair was a mess, as per usual, but thankfully he'd been able to find the sweater amongst some of Hermione's night things. At least that gave him a bit of a more put-together edge. For as much as he was consoling Hermione through her worries earlier, he certainly understood the pressure. Mr. and Mrs. Granger had never been anything but kind