Percy Jackson: Wrath of a True Earth Shaker NEW CONCEPT ON THE PERCY IS SENT TO TARTARUS AU! Mwhahahahahahaha! starts bouncing around all over the room while throwing random objects of celebration (i.e. streamers, fireworks, etc.) Disclaimer: I OWN NOTHING! All credit goes to Rick Riordan for creating these wonderful characters we get to manipulate for our strange, erotic, comedic and idiotic methods of story making. (No I am not bad mouthing anyone because you all know it's true) Full Summary: Percy is sent to Tartarus!? Why!? He escapes though unleashing an unbelievable power. He appears back in the scene. But what is this he is angry, declaring war on Olympus, and trying to bag the man hating Goddess and her little hunters too. Does he turn her away from her father, corrupt her and her little huntresses? Find out on this incredible journey. Angry!Dark!Percy, Corrupted!Loving!Artemis and Hunt, Nymphs as well Pairings: Percy/Artemis/Multi Weapons: Chains of Tartarus, and Minotaurs' Axe (modified) Power: NOT TELLING! Hehehehe (evil giggle) 'Come' = normal thoughts "Closer" = normal speech Skip: = skip in story, time or scene will be written 'Power' = god, Titan, or monster thoughts "Is yours" = god, Titan or monster speech Prologue: Unjust Punishment Percy growled as Kronos, Krios, and the other titans that he had defeated walked away from him. They had just delivered another session of torment on him. For ten years he has been chained here, for a decade his torture has lasted, and he has steadily grown angrier. However, his enemies didn't know that he has been getting stronger, thanks not only to the chains that held him which drain some of his power slowly but also to a surprising ally, Gaea the Titan of Earth granted him the last of her power before finally fading. It seems she agreed with his anger at what has happened to him. He remembered that day very well. The day the Olympians showed exactly why they did not deserve to live and rule any longer. FLASHBACK: 10 Years Ago, Ceremony of the Heroes of Olympus Zeus stood tall and proud as the demigods, of which one was his daughter Thalia Grace, as they slowly moved into the throne room and bowed except for Percy Jackson. He glared slightly but then shrugged at the Son of Poseidon, he has saved them twice now so he gained this respect of not having to bow to the gods. However, now he hoped the boy would accept god hood as he has nothing else to ask for. Zeus knew this as else so planned on offering again. He knew his daughter was immortal and decided to leave it at since she was under the watchful eye of Artemis, Goddess of the Hunt, Chastity, Childbirth, Maidenhood, and the Moon. Poseidon cleared his throat to bring Zeus' attention back to the throne room. Zeus immediately coughed to cover his absentmindedness before speaking, "Heroes of Olympus, I welcome you back from the final battle and thank you for your fierceness, determination, and utter courage in fighting for this cause." Zeus beamed as the demigods before him smiled happily. The other Olympians smiled as well except for Artemis who was neutral due to the fact there're males in the throne room. She did notice Thalia send her a brighter smile and smiled softly before her neutral expression. Thalia smirked at her leader and Goddess before facing back towards her father. Zeus then took a serious expression before speaking again, "Heroes Of Olympus for your bravery and success I offer a great reward!" He smirked slightly as the demigods had surprised looks on their faces except for Percy who had a small frown. He also notice the Son of Poseidon had a look of conflict on his face. Zeus had a happy smirk on his face as he thought the great leader of the demigods was actually considering becoming a god. "To you seven I offer godhood and a place here in Olympus." He saw acceptance in all their eyes except for Percy who he noticed was still conflicted. However, when the boy began to speak he knew things were not gonna turn out how he wished. "Zeus I know this is the third time you have offered me godhood, however, I must respectfully decline," Percy spoke clearly and confidently. "Please do not take this as an insult to you or any of the Olympians, all I wish to do is live in peace with the one I love." Zeus heard every word but instead of accepting this he became angered before pulling his master bolt and striking his nephew. Percy cried in pain as he was blasted back before he could move though his own father pinned him down with his trident. Shocked Percy looked to his father who had a disappointed look. Zeus growled, "Perseus Jackson you have declined yet again, I offer godhood on three separate occasions yet you still refuse!" Zeus then made a table appear before him and chains grab Percy. Percy looked to his friends and girlfriend for support but they just stand there. They all had their heads held down. Except for Thalia who was being forcefully restrained by Artemis, though he seemed to notice her compliance to this plan was reluctant. Zeus then slammed down a chuck of ambrosia and a small bottle of nectar. "You will become a god one way or another, foolish nephew," Zeus exclaimed before he could force the boy to consume both the ambrosia and nectar. A wave threw him back, at first he though his brother had done so but realized it did come from his side. Zeus growled again before slamming his fist into Percy's face. "You dare attack me boy after what we offer." d before his eyes flared with lightning. Before anything else could be said Percy found himself chained and bound. Then he heard something that would fuel his rage as time went on. "You and foolish dreams have shown disrespect to this council for the last time," Zeus shouted before punching Percy once again. "For your disrespect you will be forever bound in the pit of Tartarus to be tormented, healed, then repeat and due to Achilles curse you can not be killed." Percy growled loudly and his anger was clear on his face. Also his power surged causing waves to form around him and the ground beneath them to shake uncontrollably. Poseidon was able to push back and remove the water with some difficulty as he could not stay standing. However, he was shocked as he could not stop the earth shaking. Zeus saw this and quickly looked to his son Apollo. Apollo was scared somewhat by this measure of power over earthshaking, but when he saw his father's glare he gulped before sighing already knowing this would seriously bite them in the ass later. He still flashed to Perseus using his power to make the boy sleep. Zeus then grabbed Perseus bound form and teleported to Tartarus. He then unbound the boy and strung him up so the chains would hold his arms tightly. However, the chains were made out of a metal from deep within Tartarus that would always drain the boys power before he could use it. He didn't chain the boys legs because he knew the chains holding his arms would suffice. Then he flashed out leaving Percy to the mercy of the other residents of the Pit. The torture began as Kronos appeared before Percy glaring at the unconscious form of his most hated enemy. That also began the ten year gathering of Perseus' power and the beginning of his plans to eliminate the gods. Gaia saw this and began her own plotting to help the child that had defeated her. Either that or simply make him her servant. Chapter 1 FLASHBACK OVER: PRESENT TIME Perseus smirked darkly as he snapped his chains with ease. During the first three years of his torment the fool, Kronos had Typhon, final son of Gaia, who had been thrown into Tartarus some time ago burn the boy with his flames. When he did this the chains were forever fused with Perseus' forearms. Thus the draining of power was given to him through this. Percy chuckled as he had been draining power from all who came to torture him little at a time, but it didn't stop there he would fully drain the weaker ones of all their power leaving them to fade. Percy began to laugh but before anything could be done the Minotaur who Percy noticed was closest to him had the chains of Tartarus wrapped around his neck. Percy pulled tighter causing the half man beast to vainly try escape before he was ruthlessly decapitated by the young demigod who had only aged due to Kronos to at least be 20 years of age and no more. The golden dust appeared however instead of reforming the dust was swiftly sucked by an invisible force into the chains that had taken the Minotaurs' head. The demigod then smirked at Kronos who seemed to become wary of the man before him as Percy slowly walked forward. Noticing the double sided axe left behind by the Minotaur Percy smirked and grabbed the handle. The axe was then covered in a soft glow before the axe began to morph into something for the demigod; the handle began morph to show what looked to be a spine that was covered in vines and bark leaving the spine visible, where the blades were connected metal formed to match the skull of a Minotaur, the blades then began to morph as well before they were obsidian black and serrated then squaring off. The chains around his arms then began to retract as if they were coming from within his body and wrapping properly around his forearms. Kronos became slightly afraid as he noticed how the chains easily cut through the Minotaur. What actually made him afraid was the axe morphing into its current form and the strange power now flowing through it and the demigod before him. Perseus smiled as he swung the axe to test its weight. "Ah, Kronos thanks to you I have finally been able to gather enough power to break free," he smirked before pointing the axe at the Titan before him. "Now Kronos…HERE IS YOUR REWARD!" Percy had lifted his new weapon above his head during his monologue and was now bringing it down with great force the blades glowing green slightly. When the weapon pierced the ground it began to split before him causing the monsters and the other titans to fall into a large chasm filled with fire. Kronos being the farthest now cowered as he knew Poseidon was only an earth shaker, yet his son was splitting the earth as if he commanded it. That was when realization dawned on him, 'Gaia, she said she gave her powers to another as she wished to finally fade!'He tried to run but couldn't make it as he began to fall into the chasm. 'No I can not die yet,'Kronos exclaimed in his mind. 'I still have to kill my fool for a…' His thoughts were cut off as the chains of Tartarus were suddenly around his neck and squeezing tightly restricting his breathing. 'Do not worry "grandfather" as I will see to it my uncle falls,' telepathically spoke Percy as he began to pull the chains. 'However, first I shall take from you your power and immortal soul!' The chains glowed slightly as they began to suck the power even from the molecules of Kronos and his soul could be seen struggling to return to its body. A bluish phantom was forced from Kronos as was his final control over time. Percy tugged and the chains ripped through Kronos' neck with ease; the head and limp body of Kronos fell into the flames where they burned. The soul was then pulled into Perseus as his