Chapter One The Problem. Seven a.m.—get up, take a shower, get dressed, leave Lulu's apartment, get coffee, get a cab, and get to work. I had nearly forty-two case files, reports, and crisis' to take care of and stupidly fell behind the day before. Human Resources was a maze, especially if you were in corporate, dealing with international and local difficulties—you'd think these people could keep their emotions at home. No, that's not possible—it would only be so inconvenient for a man to not ogle their fellow co-worker solely because their skirt is a bit flattering, or a syndicate of five-year-old businesswomen to stay within the parallels of gossip regarding sales taxes and stock as opposed to 'omg what is she wearing?'. No, that's improbable—for an individual to be homosexual and that reciprocal gender to be okay with the fact—not a fucking chance. They come straight to me. You're a wild card, Bella is what my mother would always tell me. You're going to be the biggest thing since the mobile phone , she claimed. Life was something I had figured out at a very young age, I was quick as a whip, savvy, intelligent—or so I was told. I went to ninth grade for all of two months before I was skipped to the twelfth, graduating that same year as valedictorian and 'most likely to kick ass.' From then on I indulged myself in the arts of science; I never strayed from my research as an undergraduate, and received my bachelors at the age of twenty. I became…repellant. Some people assumed that it was because of my upbringing, but both of my parents were loving people and neither of them pushed me to do anything I didn't want to. My mother was a bit of a delicate soul; she never cursed, and she always saw the good in everything. My dad was her polar opposite, grumpy, irate, never saw the wonder in anything—quite the stickler. A bit of a countryman—enjoyed hiking and fishing and blah, blah, blah. It is beyond me that they are still together to this very day. My eldest brother was unbearably bright, he could beat me in everything—sports, fashion, school I never stood a chance, though he chose not to skip any grades, he still received his doctorate right on schedule. Concerning the progress of my life…it wasn't exactly how I expected it to unwind, but I presumed that it would end the way that I wanted it to one way or another regardless. My will-to-succeed art would shine through, as it always did—or so I thought, but around the time when everything appeared to be going right, it all went wrong. If docility were a side-effect of rage, then that must surely have been where I stood for a very long time. I was always a quiet, reserved, shy—timid person, but this really messed all that up from me. The entirety of one bullshit situation had left me so drained that I had become drunk to the aspect of living, learning…loving. I made a mountain of mistakes by lying to myself and everyone around me, claiming I was happy, allowing ignorance to cloud my vision. It wasn't until I believed I died that I understood. I'd come to rationalize that it is simply one bullshit situation to move you, rile you, change you for the better. And something did rile me, but it was not what I expected at all and yet—it was exactly what I needed. Here's my story. "Mrs. Dawson?" I twitched at that accursed name as a completely unfamiliar voice called out to me. Turning around in my desk chair I saw a petite, red-headed lady peeking around my doorway. When she caught my eye her eyebrows rose to her hairline. I'd just got into work not three minutes ago and started on my work, and already I was being disturbed. People wondered why I rarely got a damn thing done on Tuesdays, and I'm beginning to understand myself the reason. "I'm Laura Linney, secretary to Mr. Cullen—" She began, and I swear it felt as if someone punched me in the gut—but wait! It gets better. "He's asked to see you in his office." And boom goes the dynamite. I nodded once, baffled—Mr. Cullen wanted to speak to me? Mr. Cullen never spoke to anyone in corporate, especially not the human resources psychologist. I was working my doctorate there as a favor to my overbearing uncle who wouldn't have taken no for an answer, and I have to say—I hated it, but Uncle Richard was apparently close to Mr. Cullen's father Carlisle, and got me in on a great deal and salary and it would have been deemed as illogical to refuse. So there I was, hating myself again. Mr. Cullen worked twelve floors above corporate—the very top floor. I'd only ever seen him in conferences around the building, and sat at least twenty chairs away from where he did. The man was fucking intangible, had I never laid eyes on him I would have written the guy off as a myth. They were merely glimpses though, but they burned into my corneas like molten lava. Oh yeah—he was a sex symbol…if that does him justice. Imagine the sexiest guy you can think of…now double it. Not even close. Why the hell would the owner and proprietor of the multi-trillion dollar company I worked for—a man who barely had time for lunch— want to speak with me? To my bloody irreverent knowledge—he had little to no knowledge of my existence. Considering there were a mass of over thirty three thousand employees at Cullen Trading & Securities, I practically blended into the walls of my sparse little office, and my sparse little office into the walls of my floor—there was seldom any contact between him and I. I'm sorry that was completely off—I had never come within thirty feet of the man before and had no idea who he was aside from the obvious fact that he signed my paychecks. Ms. Linney frowned, and she disappeared from my office door and towards the elevators. I took a moment to collect myself at my desk before nervously and awkwardly pushing away from it and standing, smoothing my grey pencil skirt in the process. My dreary job left little room for style and individuality. The people I worked with were dry—I blended right in as far as I was concerned. Living never presented itself as an option for me—I merely existed. I spent the majority of my glory years with my head buried six feet under the thickest biology book I could find. I'd grown to be a shell as my time flew, like a mussel with no meat. I married a man whom my family presumed was my ticket to happiness—ludicrous assumption—the only thing he married that day was my parents money, anyone with eyes could see he didn't care for me, and many did but the idea just never clicked. I feel inclined to admit that I wasted a portion of my life or that my youth was conducted improperly, but it was what it was, and if I could go back in a machine, I wouldn't have changed anything—sad right? I was a sad person…but you got used to me, if you took the time to stay. Ms. Linney stepped into the elevator and I eased in beside her, a question banging inside my head. "Am I about to lose my job?" That wasn't the question, but it seemed appropriate. Okay no—it didn't but I wanted to ask regardless. How the hell would she possibly know what he wanted? The tiny red-headed lady shook her head once. "I don't know." That helped. I fought the urge to roll my eyes. She was impassive—I loathed impassive people, they were the stain of society in my opinion. 'Oh you have cancer? Bummer.' She spoke in that familiar dead, I-don't-give-a-shit tone and it chaffed me like a pair of thongs…made of sandpaper. "Are you positive that it was me he asked for?" She didn't even flinch. "Isabella Dawson? Corporate Human Resources, right?" She asked dutifully, checking her little clipboard to see if she'd made a mistake—she did. My last name hadn't been Dawson for over two weeks, but I didn't correct her. I half-nodded, though she wasn't looking at me. "Yep, I have the right person alright." I don't know if she saw me nod or not, or if it was just her being a snippy twat, but I contemplated flipping her off to confirm my theory that she would have clearly stared idly if I spontaneously combusted in the middle of this elevator. When the metal box dinged, she led me off and towards a pair of large, silicon industrial doors straight ahead. I'd worked in this company for three years and had never been on the top floor—ever. It was pure white, everything was either glass or colorless and disturbingly clean. A huge, white ellipse desk sat in the middle of the enormous room and a brunette sat behind there, answering phone calls and pulling her pretty long hair at the roots, clearly stressed. Did I mention she was also dressed in fucking white? She pushed the door open to allow me entrance. "Go on in, Mrs. Dawson." I wanted so badly in that moment even though I was possibly going to get fired in the next five minutes, to yell at her with all the might in my lungs to not call me by that surname as long as she continued to live, and judging by the crows feet adorning the corners of her eyes, and the lines creasing her large forehead—that wouldn't have been long. Mr. Cullen was waiting at his desk, staring patiently as I entered. When the door seemed to click behind me almost automatically, I flinched. His office was so bright; it was like something out of a magazine. The walls were white, the ceiling high, and the carpet was white and I wondered right there—why so much white? The windows were to my left—they projected television, playing the Channel 2 news about what's going on today in New York City on mute. "Mrs. Dawson. Please have a seat." He gestured to the expensive, Italian leather seat in front of him—shockingly brown. I lowered myself calculatingly into the chair, my eyes never leaving his. "Is there a problem, Mr. Cullen?" I asked, my voice bordering on inaudible. He cleared his throat before he spoke, leaning farther back into his seat. "Mrs. Dawson." "Swan." I argued softly, risking a glance at my intimidating boss. His eyes threw me—yes— threw me. They were like ocher—my mistake—they were ocher, as plain as day. Mr. Cullen cocked an eyebrow, his silent gaze leaving much to be desired. "Miss Swan I'm terribly sorry about your divorce." He said all in one breath, ripping the bandage off in one go. I felt my breath hitch slightly, my skin prickle. I opened my mouth to speak but it slammed right closed again on its own, my teeth ground against one another as I stared at my twiddling fingers in my lap. Fuckin' A , man. I was freaking speechless, humiliated—my boss' boss' boss knew that not two weeks prior the rug had been pulled from underneath me by my husband of two years, and he took everything I had with him—including our apartment that I spent a quarter of a million dollars remodeling. I saw it coming, but I didn't think he'd actually do it, if that makes any sense. I didn't think he had the guts… I was wrong, he fucked me (not very well might I add) over, and that resulted in my having to crash at my best friend's house until it could finally sink in for my parents that they set me up with a complete tool. So far—in prison stick marks…about fifteen days. I didn't tell anyone at