Katniss felt Haymitch's strong arm around her shoulder, guiding her into her house in the Victor's Village. Her cold, lonely house with no one else there. The war is over, Prim is dead, her mother is in four, Gale is in two, and Peeta is in the Capitol. She stumbles blindly up the steps, thinking it ironic how Haymitch is the only person here with her now. The last person she would have ever pictured. But here he is, depositing her in a chair in front of the fireplace, setting his bag aside as he kneels and slowly starts a fire. It's barely a minute later when she feels the warmth start to touch her skin, but she still feels cold. She tucks her feet under her, and her knees under her chin, wrapping her arms around her knees as she watches the fire. In the background, she hears Haymitch shuffling around the kitchen, but is too apathetic to go investigate what he might be doing. A few minutes later, she hears the clink of liquor bottles and glasses, and rolls her eyes to herself. Of course he would be drinking. But this time, she can't blame him. Because she would like to drink right now too. Just as this thought crosses her mind, Haymitch kneels in front of her, holding out a plate with a sandwich, and a glass of amber liquid. She smiles through the tears she didn't realize she was crying, and reached for the plate and the glass, but he only hands her the plate. And she doesn't need to ask. He is taking care of her, making sure she's eaten before she drinks. He, of all people, knows what alcohol can do on an empty stomach. She is about to take a bite when she sees Haymitch lift another glass to his lips, and reaches over and plucks it from his hand. When he looks up at her, she has his drink in one hand, and half of the sandwich in the other. He takes the sandwich half from her, understanding what she means. And when they finish eating, they each take a glass and knock back the drinks, the liquid burning her throat on the way down, and Haymitch pounds her back as she splutters and coughs. When she's done choking, Haymitch takes both glasses, she assumes to get more. But he returns without them and scoops her up in his arms like she weighs ten pounds, and carries her to her room, and she doesn't ask how he knows, or if it was just a guess. It's when Haymitch is looking down at her warily when she realizes that maybe, just maybe, she isn't entirely alone in the world, and finds a single word, the first that night. "Stay?" And Haymitch nods, kicking off his boots before going downstairs, and she hears him come back up a minute later, entering the bathroom. When she hears the door snap shut, she numbly finds a sleeveless nightgown in a drawer, and pulls it on. She hears the water running, and Haymitch returns from the bathroom dressed in only a pair of sweatpants, and even as cold and numb as she feels, she can't help but admire his physique. He has scars across his body, but his arms and torso are obviously strong and muscular, despite years of drowning himself in a bottle. His amused voice lifts her from her thoughts. "Like what you see sweetheart?" She knows he's joking, but when she answers, she isn't. "Yeah I do. You look good, Haymitch." She isn't quite sure what made her so bold, but suspects it's the apathy. He snorts, but crosses the room and lowers himself on the bed, laying on his back awkwardly. She knows that he knows this isn't what she meant when she asked him to stay, to have him clear on the opposite side of the bed, but he waits for her invitation, which she gives only with her eyes. He understands all the same, though, and scoots over to her, laying an arm out, and she curls up close to him, resting her head on his shoulder. And when his arm wraps around her, she doesn't feel quite as cold, or as lonely. The nightmares are still there, and maybe they always will be, but waking is always easier when it happens it Haymitch's arms, because she knows he understands, and he has his own fair share too. And it isn't like Peeta's nightmares, which she remembers were only of losing her. Haymitch has nightmares like hers, where he kills or watches friends get killed. He wakes in the night yelling for Maysilee to run, and she holds onto him tightly while his heart rate slows. And when she wakes screaming the same things to Rue, he does the same for her. And after a couple of months, the nightmares begin to become less frequent, for them both. The apathy hung around for the first couple of weeks, and she would do almost nothing, and he would let her. They would talk occasionally, but there was never a need to. Greasy Sae came to cook and clean for them, and Haymitch would make sure she ate everything she was given. And Haymitch doesn't stop drinking entirely, but he slows himself down, so that now he is only having a couple drinks at night, and sometimes she will have one too. Finally, one day a couple of months after they had returned to Twelve, Haymitch wakes her with the sun. "Wake up, sweetheart." She groans at him, rolling over, but he doesn't relent. "Come on Katniss. I've got a surprise for you, but you have to get out of the house to claim it." At the mention of leaving the house she stills, and as usual, Haymitch interprets it correctly. "You can't stay inside forever sweetheart. When was the last time you were in the sun? She thinks for a minute, before rolling over in defeat. "I'm actually not sure." He chuckles at her. "I thought so. Now come on, get ready. And none of those Capitol clothes either. Your old stuff." She wrinkles her brow at this, but nods, and he gets up and leaves the room. She watches him leave, she still appreciates his body. She gets in the shower and scrubs herself down, realizing as she washes her hair that it had, once again, been days since she had bothered to bathe, and wasn't quite sure how Haymitch could tolerate it. Then she remembered how he used to be, and figures that he's simply immune. It isn't until she walks back into their room that she notices just how early it is. The sky is only just turning gray in the east. Now truly curious, for she would love to see what had Haymitch up at this hour, she made her way downstairs to hear Haymitch speaking in the kitchen, and hearing the sound of silverware clinking. When she entered the kitchen, she knew a moment of shock, before she was rushing forward. "Gale?" She asked as she launched herself into his arms. His chest rumbled as he chuckled. "Hey there Catnip. Good to see you again." She pulled back from him, sitting at the table where Haymitch placed breakfast in front of her. "It's good to see you too. What brings-wait... Haymitch, did you..?" She inquires, suddenly realizing that they must have arranged this. He smiles at her, and she notices something in his eyes, but she can't put her finger on what it may be, so she ignores it. "Yeah, he called and asked if he could come for a visit. I said it might do you some good to get into the woods and hunt." "Oh Haymitch. Thank you," she said, rising and crossing the room to where he stood, wrapping him in a grateful hug. She notices a strange look on Gale's face, but it doesn't look like jealousy. He looks... happy. And she smiles hopefully as she lets go of Haymitch, thinking that maybe they can be friends again like old times, without the awkwardness of unrequited love. She finishes the meal that Haymitch had set out, and walks out into the brisk early morning with Gale, the sun just peeking over the horizon. They fall back into their old pattern as they walk, and Katniss feels the apathy and numbness thawing slowly as they walk to the fence, as though the breeze is blowing it from her. When they cross where the fence used to be - it had been removed - she pauses and takes a deep breath, feeling alive for the first time in months, and feels a grin spread across her face. And when she slings her arrows across her back and clutches her bow in her hand, she feels almost normal again. And she realizes she will survive. Gale is watching her, and she knows he can tell she's coming back to life, and they move to hug each other at the same time. "Thank you Gale. This is just what I need." He smiled at her as they began walking. "I know. I can't imagine what it must be like, coming back here." She nods silently, knowing he has more to say. "I called about a week ago. Just wanted to talk, try to clear the air a little. I wasn't expecting Haymitch to answer your phone though." She grins at this, knowing how bewildered he must be. "Haymitch understands, more than Peeta ever did." Gale looks confused at this, and she elaborates. "Peeta only ever took life intentionally that I know of, in the first Games when he was with the Careers. His nightmares weren't about the things that happened in the arena. He told me that he didn't dream about the Games themselves that often, just losing me. But I... I see faces. It used to be every night, but it's not as often now. I see Rue and Prim. And I see all of those other tributes I killed. And Haymitch sees the tributes from his own Games." She fell silent, and they stopped speaking for a while, Gale bringing down a couple rabbits and Katniss, surprisingly, bringing down a deer that wandered by. Gale finally spoke as they were setting snares. "He said he was worried about you when I called. Said you were almost catatonic, and he wasn't sure what to do. I said maybe some familiarity would help, something from before the games, and he asked if I would come back, take you out hunting." They fell to silence once more, but Katniss knew there were things she had to say. She took a breath before starting. "It wasn't your fault, Gale. It was Coin that sent Prim to the Capitol. Not you." And Gale reached for her, and they held each other. "Thank you, Katniss. Thank you." He pulled back. "And you should know that I've sorted out my feelings. You don't have to worry about hurting me anymore, Katniss. I hope we can still be friends." She smiled at him, glad to have her friend back. "I'd like that." They talked more as they made their way back to the Victor's Village. Gale said that he had finished his work in District Two, and was moving back with his family. Katniss told him to tell Hazelle that the house next door to hers was open, and he said he would. It would be a good place for them, a large house to raise their family. Haymitch was waiting for them when they came back, and the first thing Katniss did when he came out the door was pull him into a hug. She felt alive again, and the grief was no longer consuming her. There would always be a hole in her heart, where all those she loved were missing, but hunting with Gale, like the last three years had