N.B.: This was written for an eleventh-grade English assignment; therefore this is by no means professional detective fiction (this hasn't even been beta-ed, so please forgive any mistakes.) I have tried to "play fair" with the reader; all the clues necessary to solving the mystery are in the story (it's rather easy, really.) The story is divided into sections which are either from Legolas's narrative or from a third-person narrative, for logic reasons. Finally, there are clocks in Middle-earth, as evidenced by The Hobbit (but I won't go into that.) I. (From Legolas's personal narrative) July 1 had been uncharacteristically mild for summer in Gondor, and by late afternoon it had cooled considerably. It was an ideal time to hold a dinner party; after lunch and before breakfast is, in fact, the best time to hold a dinner party. There were only eleven of us: Estel, the host; his wife Arwen, the Queen; the Halfling Frodo Baggins and his "companion" Samwise; two other Halflings, Meriadoc and Peregrin (known affectionately to our company as "Merry" and "Pippin"); Captain Faramir and his wife Éowyn; the dwarf Gimli; the wizard Mithrandir; and myself. Estel did not tell us what the party was for; he only said that he "a wonderful discovery" had been made, and he was eager to share it with us. I immediately accepted the invitation because my curiosity was piqued; I suspect a good part of the guests accepted because it meant free food. The wine that day was exceptionally good, and everybody had a few more than normal—except for the women and Gimli; he preferred mead. Mithrandir got a bit drowsy three quarters of the way through the meal, though his age might also have been to blame. It also might have been to blame for some rather indiscreet noises emanating from his direction. Everybody scrambled for a topic of conversation to cover up their embarrassment (or laughter). I said, "I wonder why security around this place has been upped" to the people to my left so Mithrandir wouldn't see my blushing. "The Dark Lord isn't a threat anymore." "Security is fine and good," said Gimli gruffly through mouthfuls of drumstick (he isn't embarrassed by anything), "but I don't see why we had to be searched just to enter the palace. A mighty fine way to treat guests, I might say! See if I ever accept an invitation here again!" I figured he would accept an invitation here again if food were involved. "I think it was rather fun," said Pippin. We had all entered together, so we were all searched together, and I imagine not a few people were worrying that we would have to be strip-searched in front of the rest of the party. Either way, we had to leave all our weapons at the door, which Gimli was not too pleased about. I looked to Estel for comment, but he just stared into space moodily, fork in hand. I supposed it was the alcohol; Estel is one of those people who clams up and zones out after a few too many glasses. For other people, the alcohol had entirely different effects. Faramir rose from his chair. "I propose," he hiccuped, "a toast to a woman from Edoras who ...", and then shared a limerick about a woman from Edoras with hair that glistened like nose hair after a sneeze. The more inebriated Hobbits laughed uproariously, and the women pretended not to notice. Estel leaned forward in his chair, his elbow resting on the table. Merry and Pippin were the worst: sang an off-key rendition of a song they had, I suppose, picked up in a tavern. Even in their alcoholic stupor, the other two Halflings and Faramir looked a little shocked. Mithrandir quickly cleared his throat and asked Estel, "So, what was this great surprise you had for us?" Estel finally looked up. "What? Oh, not yet, Mithrandir." He sat back in his chair. "The evening's still young." "Yes, it is!" cried Faramir. "We must have more wine—and those little cheese things. FOOTMAN! MORE WINE AND LITTLE CHEESE THINGS!" Gimli and the Halflings attacked the plates as soon as the footman returned with more wine and little cheese things. Apparently, size and appetite are inversely proportional. When the meal finally came to an end, Arwen suggested that we all head to the great room. The more inebriated guests got up with some difficulty. Gimli announced that he had to use the privy chamber. Estel said that he was going to for a walk outside on the bailey. I stared out the window across the room from me. It was a beautiful summer evening, the sun just beginning to set and gild Minas Tirith. "I think I'll go too," I said. "It's a nice evening, and it would be a shame to pass up a chance to enjoy this weather—I don't know how long it will last." "I would join you," said Mithrandir, "but alas! I have lumbago and a bit of gas. I shall stay inside and have a smoke." "From which end?" drawled Pippin. Mithrandir glared at him. We all shuffled out into the great hall while the footman and a kitchen girl cleared the table. Éowyn had to steady her poor husband, who was still uneasy on his feet; and Arwen had to keep Merry and Pippin from blowing their noses on her dress. Gimli headed off in search of the privy room, Aragorn and I walked down the hall toward the door leading to the bailey, and the rest of the company crossed the hall to the great room. Estel and I stepped into the bailey. It was no later than 7:45 (according to a maid I asked), and the sun had just begun to dip below the horizon. Though cool for summer, the air was still warmer than that inside; no fires had been lit in the Hall of Feasts. I strolled over to the parapet and peered over. In the lower circles of the city, many others were enjoying the pleasant weather. Estel stumbled over to me and leaned on the parapet. "Legolas," he said, without looking at me. "Hmm?" "What do you suppose the secret to understanding women is?" I didn't know how quite to answer this question, so I said, "Well ... I suppose being around them long enough ..." "I've been with Arwen for a long time," said Estel. "So you have," I said. Was that a question or what? "Her actions as of late have been very, very strange." "Oh?" I said. "I don't understand," said Estel. He continued to stare straight ahead at the sunset, talking, it seemed, to himself. "She was never like this before. I hope—I hope our marriage didn't destroy our romance." I said nothing. "Maybe someday, some great thinker will make a systematic study of women, but until then, they will always be mysterious creatures, fickle and ..." The two of us went back inside at—I'm not sure of the exact time here—about eight o'clock, give or take five minutes. Noticing no one had lit a fire, I shivered as we entered the great hall. The lamps hung at intervals on the pillars provided good light but insufficient heat. A few dutiful servants were rushing about, probably to stay warm rather than out of a sense of urgency. Estel was still heavy on his feet, but I observed that he was no longer slurring his words and he seemed to be more coordinated. I opened the heavy doors, and we stepped into the room. The scene was basically that of our dinner, except without dining implements. "Hey," said Faramir when he saw us, "if it isn't the king—" "Now, what about that surprise?" It was either Merry or Pippin. "Oh, yes," said Estel. "I'll go fetch it." He excused himself, and hurried out of the room. Everybody started to twitter. "What do you suppose it is?" "D'ya think it's magic ?" "Do you think it's edible?" "Do you ever think of anything else?" "What do you think it is, Mr. Frodo?" "I couldn't guess, Sam." "What do you think, Gandalf?" "Do you take me for a mind reader?" "I have to pass gas." Then Estel entered with a small leather pouch in his hand, and everyone was so awash with curiosity that no one noticed the disagreeable odor in the air. There was a large round table in the middle of the room; it was completely bare, presumably so there would be no distractions from the surprise. Estel walked to it and set the pouch down before clearing his throat. "My friends," he said, looking around at the curious faces, "I trust you have all heard of the Elendilmir—the jewel also called the Star of Elendil—?" He was met with blank stares from the Halflings. "Well, then—it is a noble stone, first owned by Silmariën, daughter of the King Tar-Elendil. It has been constantly in the crowns of her descendants, until Isildur was attacked by Orcs, and ..." Merry and Pippin yawned politely, but Estel took no notice: "For over three thousand years, the first Star of Elendil was thought to be lost ... that is, until a siege on Saruman's Tower at Isengard found the stone in one of the wizard's secret chambers. And now ..." He loosed the strings on the bag, and spilled the stone onto the table. It was met with gasps of admiration, exclamations, and an assertion from Gimli (he looked rather disappointed) that the craftsmanship of the dwarfs made the Star look like, er ... something that I understand Rohan now prohibits from being left on public thoroughfares. Suddenly, the lights went out. As there were no windows in the room, we were plunged into absolute darkness. Several cries went up, and I could hear people bumping against each other as they tried to find the door or a light source. I myself collided with what I suppose was Faramir. "Oh! What just happened?" "The fires went out, apparently." "Well, I can see that ." "Gandalf—ouch! my foot!—can't you do a bit of magic?" But before Mithrandir could reply, there came a crash—as of glass smashing—and then another one, much like the first. "Now what was that ?" "Mr. Frodo, are you all right?" "I'm fine, Sam. ...You don't need to grab me like that, Sam." "What's this?" "That's mine ." "Oops … I wasn't trying to—really—I just happened to … grab it." Amid the clamor (mostly the Halflings'), Mithrandir began incanting, and within a few seconds, a blue fire sprang from the tip of his staff. The room was instantly illuminated by the cold light. Arwen found her way to the door. A chambermaid was waiting immediately outside. "I heard the crash, milady" she said. "Is anything the matter?" Arwen turned around to survey the damage. "Oh—somebody must have knocked over the vase," she said. The vase in question had been on a stand near the fireplace; it was a rather large glass one, more resembling a garden pot in shape and size. In it had been placed a bunch of flowers, which now lay squashed on the floor. "It will be cleaned up immediately, milady" said the girl, and she called after the footman. And then, an exclamation: "The jewel! It's gone!" Everybody turned to the table. The Star was not there. "It must have gotten knocked off the table when the fire went out," said Mithrandir. Everybody got down (except for the women) and began perusing the floor for the missing jewel. Pippin cried: "Oh! I cut myself on a shard of glass!" Mithrandir muttered something under his breath, which, in essence, was "Tom-fool of a Took" except with something about mothers and "bucking"? No, I think I have that last word wrong. We had searched the whole room by the time the maid returned with the footman. No sign of the Star had been found. "Well, if that don't beat all," said