First real fanfic so... Disclaimer: I do not own any books nor any characters in the series of The Hunger Games . Description: District 8 has always been a weak district as textile factories do not allow for strong fighters. However, a boy with nightmares originating from the abuse he gains from his mother seems to be changing that perspective. Also, how does a mayor's son with a rare genetic disorder, one that hasn't been seen nor studied for at least 200 years, begin to help people think about the true nature of the Capitol? Welcome to the 50th Annual Hunger Games! Where 48 tributes are forced to compete, instead of the usual 24, causing an extended amount of time in the games. In order to stop boredom, what rule change do the Gamemakers enact upon the poor tributes? Warning: This fic will not contain smut, however, it will contain instances of nudity, and violent, graphic, and depressing fight scenes. This fic will also contain instances of Homosexual love (not sex, love.) You have been warned. (second part may contain a sex scene, though unlikely) Rated T for the first few chapters at least, in later chapters may be more like an M rating (not completely sure right not) For violence, disturbing scenes, nudity, and maybe a few sexual references There will be at least 2 parts to this fic, I am not sure how many chapters there will be in each Chapter 1 When Atlas rose from his deep slumber, he noticed that he was the only one in the room. Strange, usually he woke before his brother. He guessed Otto was attending to apothecary needs, the only thing that could get him up early. However, Atlas woke early every morning, he didn't know why, he just did. Atlas stumbled out of the bed, and walked into his parents room, they weren't there either. His father probably had an early shift at one of the major textile factories of District 8, and then would be headed to the nearest bar to become drunk with wine. His mother was typically gone early in the morning to gather supplies for her own breakfast. Great, as usual, Atlas would have to find a way to care for himself. His family wasn't poor. Otto was probably one of the best Apothecaries in the entire district, but he often didn't charge money for his work. His father had a good income from the textile's factory, or at least enough to scrape by, but his parents were neglectful, especially his mother. She could be described as down right abusive, freaking out over the smallest things, and ending up beating her children. His father was no better, not even when he was sober, no he encouraged the behavior, sometimes even becoming abusive himself. Atlas stripped himself of his clothes, and walked over to a water basin. He poured it over his head as he did every once in a while when his mother wasn't looking. He didn't like feeling unclean, so he made it a habit to pouring water over himself every few days or so. He took a small towel, dried himself off, and put his clothes on again. The clothes were very simple, black pants, a white shirt, and even a soft, warm, purple jacket that his grandfather had passed down to him before he died. When he walked downstairs, he found that he was right in what woke his brother. A boy sat upon the table in just his underwear as Otto examined him. Atlas barely noted this going on as it happened often. The boy had messy, dark brown hair and brown eyes, a strong, fit build, and braces upon his teeth. The braces didn't surprise Atlas, the boy was the Mayor's son, and his mother was an actual Doctor. She was named the best in the districts in fact, though that wasn't saying much as there were probably around 10 doctors collectively throughout the districts. Atlas wondered why the boy had come to his brother, instead of her, though this was probably his tenth visit to the household in 4 months, so Atlas stopped wondering. "Indigo, I don't think there's anything wrong with you." Otto blurted out after the examination. "So why do I feel bad?" Indigo, the boy sitting on the table, asked, though he hadn't looked at Otto in the eye since Atlas walked in the room. "I don't know, maybe it's your disorder? Which means you should go speak to your mother about it, I don't know why you came here in the first place to be honest." Otto was very annoyed, not believing anything Indigo was saying about feeling sick. Instead of answering Otto, Indigo had his eyes fixated on Atlas, not with any sort of angry expression, just staring. Otto noticed this, and prompted Indigo to leave "look, if you're really feeling sick, please go talk to your mother, she's the only one who actually knows anything about your disorder." "She's getting ready for tomorrow." Indigo responded, as tomorrow was Reaping day for the 50th Annual Hunger Games. Her being the best doctor within the districts gave her the ability to move between districts and even the Capitol on special occasions, tomorrow was one of them. Atlas finished the water he had been sipping during the conversation, but he hadn't been listening. He was staring out the window of the main part of the small house, the kitchen. When he finished, he dropped the cup into the sink. Indigo put his shirt and pants back on his body, and decided to leave, "I'll just see if my mom can do anything." Otto was even more annoyed by this comment, but held his tongue. "Okay, good luck tomorrow." Indigo didn't need luck, he was the mayor's son. He was the most protected, and least likely 16 year old kid in the district to be chosen as tribute. He had no need to sign up for tesserae, and some even accused the Capitol of playing favorites with the children of the people who were chosen to lead, even though the districts knew that wasn't true. No, Indigo didn't need luck, he only had his name in the bowl 5 times. Indigo thanked Otto anyway, and walked out the door of the household. A few minutes later, Atlas headed off to school, and saw Indigo sitting only 5 yards away from the house. Atlas gave him a slight smile, and began on his trek toward the school building. As district 8 was either the 2nd or 3rd poorest district in the entire country, fighting for 2nd place with 11, the school building operated as the safest place to be throughout the entire district. When he arrived, he found one of his best friends, Thalia Naysmith. They both shared the attribute of dirty blonde hair, however, Thalia was relatively short, around 5 feet, while Atlas was about 5 and a half feet. She also had blue eyes, as opposed to Atlas' dark green. Next to her stood Terra Inchcape, she had dark brown skin, and dark hair with brown eyes. She had 4 siblings, 1 sister, and 3 brothers, and was a part of one of the poorest families in her area of district 8. There were many days in which she went without eating, and her mother had all but starved to death trying to keep the children alive. Even with these circumstances, Terra danced around on one foot, screaming 'hello' to everyone, and laughing as she did. This happened every year around the time of the Hunger Games. Instead of worrying about being picked, or a loved one being picked, Terra attempted to lighten the mood of others. Her dancing and love for everyone glued a smile upon all of the faces around her. She was so vibrant and full of life, not having a care in the world for the possibility of being chosen. Thalia was quite different. She often worried about how she could scrape by if her brother was picked, or how her family would survive if she was picked. Terra seemed to be the only one that could possibly make her happy around this time of year. Atlas thanked Terra for that, he wanted no one to worry about this, but it was impossible. The sense of self preservation always kicked in and made seeing the brighter side of things nearly impossible, making Terra an anomaly. Though it made sense, Thalia and her brother provided the main source of income to her family. Even though Thalia was only 16, she had already begun to study for what she really wanted to be, a doctor. She even managed to convince Indigo's mother into teaching her. Doctor's were a rarity in the districts as apothecaries did most of the medical work, and if there was a doctor, no one could afford it. Thalia wanted to become a real doctor, but only charge the same amount of money as an apothecary. "It took you a while to get to school this morning." Thalia turned to Atlas, questioning him mostly on if his mother was in the house. "I woke up a little late." Atlas answered, he knew that everyone knew of the abuse from his parents, but he already had the occasional nightmare about it. He did not want to acknowledge it in everyday conversation. Terra giggled, seemingly at another girl sleeping on the wall across from the group. "I saw the mayor's son in your part of the district this morning." She said with another giggle. "He came to my brother." Atlas explained, "Otto couldn't find anything wrong with him, and just guessed it was whatever disorder he has." "His mother is a doctor, why would he come to Otto?" Thalia asked, squinting her eyes and crossing her arms over the dirty, white blouse she was wearing. "He's always being examined by Otto, I don't know why. Even Otto is becoming very confused and annoyed." Atlas responded. "Thalia how about you explain? You've been studying under Doctor Keene for a while, you tell us what the reason might be." Atlas tried to bring the attention away from himself. Thalia simply rebounded the attack, "tell me, what do you know about his disorder?" "Nothing, all I know is it's genetic, and that it's very rare." That much was true, as far as anyone knew, Indigo was the only one with the disease. Apparently it had been a very large problem before the world was destroyed, and before Panem was ever created. However, after that, multiple disorders and diseases had become seemingly extinct in the entire species. Around 200 years ago, doctors throughout the entire nation declared 4 disorders, one of which has now taken Indigo hostage, to have been eradicated from the genome of Homo sapiens . "Nothing else?" Terra inquired, piercing her squinted eyes into Atlas. "I know that it calls for a very strange dietary plan, typically he can eat normally, but sometimes he's not allowed to eat, and other times he's desperately required to eat something. Also, I know that he randomly passes out for no reason, and one time I think he fell into a coma." Atlas continued, shrugging as he finished talking. "Look, why are we worrying about this? His mother is the only one on the planet that knows how to treat it, so I think he's covered." They go on to talk about Reaping day, and half way through the conversation, Terra interrupts and forces the entire group to skip throughout the school building while linking arms. In the midst of all the laughter, Atlas was thankful for this moment as he was sure to be shaking in the morning. Atlas walked home after a day filled with conversations concerning Reaping day and wishing others good luck, even though everyone knew it wouldn't help. He found the house empty. It was a very small house, only having 2 floors, and