A/N: Bella forgave Edward way too easily, when they returned from Italy. He also didn't show enough emotion...ever. It's always bugged me. So here is my attempt to rectify the situation. It begins with Bella and Edward in the lobby of the Vulturi keep, in Volterra, Italy. Obvs, this is the book version. I've decided to tell this in third person. I like to switch things up. It's how I roll. ;-) Rated M for a nice lemon. I don't own these characters, I just make them behave more realistically. I also don't own the excerpt or dialog from the book. Excerpt from New Moon – Stephenie Meyer: I heard a sound that didn't make sense, a strange, ripping counterpart to the otherwise cheery background music. Distracted by the shaking, I couldn't tell where it was coming from. " Shh, Bella, shh," Edward said as he pulled me to the sofa farthest away from the curious human at the desk. " I think she's having hysterics. Maybe you should slap her," Alice suggested. Edward threw a frantic glance at her. Then I understood. Oh. The noise was me. The ripping sound was the sobs coming from my chest. That's what was shaking me. Edward pulled Bella into his lap, wrapping the cloak around her to protect her from his cold skin. He tucked her head into his shoulder, stroking her hair, her back, wiping the tears from the curve of her cheek. "Breathe, Bella. Deep breaths. Calm down. It's ok now. I'm taking you home soon." She tried to pull herself together. Realizing she was cuddled against Edwards chest, she marveled that he was here, she was here. If only for this brief time, she could touch him, hold him, and look at his beautiful face again. He turned and spoke to Alice, using vampire speed. Bella couldn't understand a word, but assumed they were discussing their return to Forks. She couldn't bring herself to care at that moment. She couldn't even continue to care about the people that had just walked blithely to their deaths. There was only Edward. There was only the feel of his stony arms wrapped around her, as if he cared for her again. She didn't care at the moment that he'd be gone again. There was only now, and Edward. She refused to let herself think about later. Edward finished his conversation with Alice, and turned his attention back to his angel, nestled so warm against his body. He touched her hair, her face, her hands, and caressed her fingers. Was she still his angel? He wondered. After his deplorable actions, lying to her, abandoning her, his fear was a living thing in his chest. But she was here, alive, and warm. So warm. He'd forgotten just how truly glorious that felt. She had stopped wailing and shaking, and rested quietly, staring into his face, her expression unreadable. He bent and kissed her nose, her brow, her damp cheeks, but not her lips. That would have to wait, because there was a lot of talking to do, and he knew that conversation wouldn't be easy by any means. He could only hope that she still felt enough for him to forgive him, and give him a chance to prove his devotion to her. She came to save him, right? That had to mean there was still some spark... or perhaps it was only her compassionate heart. Perhaps she just didn't want anyone to die. Alice sat quietly, her eyes glazed over for a moment, then cleared. She blocked her thoughts from her brother by translating the Magna Carta into Swahili. She glanced over at her brother and her best friend, clinging to each other, and both radiating such insecurity. A slow smile crept across her lips. Oh, this would be very good for them both. Very good indeed. Bella had not uttered a word since leaving the audience chamber, and Edward decided not to push her. He just wanted her out of here, and he wouldn't relax until they were on the plane to the States. They both lost track of time, and before they knew it, Alec strolled into the lobby and approached them. "You're free to leave now. We ask that you don't linger in the city." He was still impeccably dressed, not a hair out of place, but his eyes glowed bright crimson. Bella shuddered and turned her face into Edward's chest. "That won't be a problem," Edward replied coldly. "Follow the right hallway around the corner to the first set of elevators," Gianna said brightly. Bella was reminded of a tour guide at Disney, and wondered at her own sanity. "The lobby is two floors down, and exits to the street. Goodbye, now." Bella knew she was human, and could only assume that Gianna wanted to be turned. But how could she want that with these monsters? At least Bella had wanted it for love. Opting to carry Bella, Edward strode through the lobby, Alice at his heels. Bella, however, had other ideas, and struggled a bit until he set her on her feet. "Are you sure...?" he questioned. Bella nodded, wanting to feel more in control of the situation, and they continued their retreat, but he never let go of her hand. They exited the castle, and Alice immediately vanished. Sensing her apprehension, Edward spoke up, "She's gone to retrieve your bag, and find us a vehicle. We'll meet her outside the city gates." When they passed through the stone archway, Alice was there with a dark sedan. Edward ushered Bella into the back seat, and climbed in next to her. Bella was surprised, knowing how Edward was about driving, about being in control, but at this point, she was beginning to fight exhaustion. She had been awake for a day and a half. He gathered her against his side, Bella fighting her eyelids and they rode that way all the way to the airport. Once they were in the air, he unbuckled Bella's seat belt, requested a blanket, and cradled her in his arms until she fell asleep. He stayed that way, unmoving except for the occasional feather light touch to her face, untiringly watching over her deep sleep for the next 14 hours. Bella finally stirred on approach to Sea-Tac, "We're almost home. Are you feeling better?" she nodded. Bella had still not spoken, and it was starting to worry him. If it was too late, if she didn't want him any more... he would let her go. But he would watch over her for the rest of her life. Even though the thought of it gutted him. He would try to fight for her, to a fault. He wouldn't make it difficult for her, though. Esme, Carlisle and Jasper were all waiting near the exit to the parking garage. Esme immediately enveloped Edward and Bella in her arms, eyes closed in relief. ' My son,' she thought. ' Oh my son. Never do that to me again!' Edward pressed a kiss into her caramel hair. "Mother." Jasper went to Alice and held her face in his hands. They didn't speak, just gazed into each others eyes. Bella had to look away from the intensely personal moment. Carlisle clapped Edward on the shoulder, "Welcome home, son. You had us all pretty frightened." He leaned down and kissed Bella on the forehead. "Thank you, my dear. That took much courage." Bella nodded and blushed, looking at her feet. And still spoke not a word. "We have a story ready," Carlisle went on. "Esme and I will head to the police station, to tell Charlie the official version of the story; Edward, you weren't dealing well with the breakup down in LA. Acting out in school, and some truancy. Alice came to bring Bella down, to talk sense into you. Esme was missing Washington, not liking the big city life for her children, and seeing Bella made her decide that we needed to move back. We're here to bring Bella home, and open up the house, re-enroll the children back into school, that sort of thing. Rosalie and Emmett will drive you two back to Bella's house." They emerged into the parking area to see Emmett standing next to Edward's Volvo, Rosalie next to him. Edward came to a stop and growled. ' Edward, don't,' thought Esme. ' She feels terrible. Let her apologize.' Edward nodded once, and they continued to the cars. Jasper had Emmett's Jeep, and Carlisle and Esme climbed into his Mercedes. Edward helped Bella into the back seat of his Volvo, and slid in next to her, Emmett and Rosalie climbed into the front, and they set off. Rosalie turned around in her seat and said, "Edward, I'm so sorry. I only did it to get you to come home. I thought that if Bella was... gone, you had no reason to be away from us any longer. We all missed you so much. The family was-" Edward cut her off. "It's fine." "No. Please. Let me do this. It's not fine. I was wrong. And Bella... thank you for being brave enough to go save my brother. I'm sorry to you, as well, for my behavior in the past. Can you two forgive me?" Edward looked down at Bella, who nodded, and spoke for the first time since leaving the Volturi throne room, "Of course, Rosalie." "Thank you. I hope we can be... friends." Rose said shyly. Bella smiled back. 'I mean it brother. I was afraid we had lost you both. I never want to feel that way again. Forgive me? Please?' Edward nodded at Rosalie. Edward pulled Bella into his side, and the rest of the ride was quiet. Emmett dropped them at Bella's house, and drove away with a sincere, 'Good luck, brother!' in his thoughts. Walking to the porch, Edward kept hold of Bella's hand. She inserted the key into the lock, and hesitated. She didn't want him to feel obligated to stay any longer. It was breaking her heart, but she wanted to rip the bandage away quickly. Every moment with him near her, holding her, even touching her hand was paradise, but she wanted to be realistic. "You... don't have to stay. I'm fine from here." she finally murmured, staring intently at the door. Edwards heart dropped. So it was true; she was done with him. Feeling sick, he said, "I'd like a... chance to explain. Can you find it in your heart to at least give me that? I know I don't deserve it, but... please. Bella, can't we talk?" "Of course." she whispered. ' Yes,' she thought to herself. ' Come inside, make yourself at home, shred my heart into tiny bits. I'm not busy right now.' She was never more grateful he couldn't read her thoughts than at that moment. Bella opened the door, moving into the tiny living room, intending to sit on the sofa, but Edward had other ideas. He slung her backpack over his shoulder, took her hand and led her up the stairs to her bedroom. His happiest times were spent in that room. He seated her on her bed, dropped her pack onto her desk, and started pacing. He ran his hands through his hair several times, making it stand up alarmingly. Bella knew he was very agitated when he did this, and was baffled at the cause. Maybe he was a bit upset that he would have to give her another goodbye speech. She huffed. She wished he would spare her that particular delight again. "Bella, at your birthday party, when Jasper attacked you-" "He didn't attack me. He lunged at me. You all made sure he couldn't reach me." Her voice was barely above a whisper. "Please," Edward gritted. "Please just let me get through this. It's hard enough without- never mind. Ok. When Jasper lunged at you, I was terrified at what could have happened. If he