Walk By Shredded Faith By: Bungie Summary : "If I didn't know you were a man, I'd say you were pregnant." They had laughed about it then, but the longer it went on the more he thought about it. The more he thought about it the more he worried. Something happen the night deatheaters invaded Hogwarts. Lucius Malfoy stumbled upon those repercussions and life was never the same. Rating : M with MA moments further down the line. If I choose to put explicit scenes in here I will either forewarn you or censor them and have them posted on AO3. Disclaime r: I own nothing that is recognizable from Harry Potter Canon. In original characters, ooc moments, or other such nonsense I take full credit for. Not that I get paid for either way. Pairing: Lucius/ Harry Potter Beta: To my lovely Beta, Fae0306, I am immensely grateful for the time you've put in and helped with on this. Seriously, I'd give you a coupon for free chipotle if I could. Warnings: This is slash! So…don't like don't read. You have been forewarned so don't flame me or I'll have to get mean. You won't like me when I'm mean. Chapter One: Stumble The night air was muggy and the strong scent that could only be found down Britain's notoriously dark alley, a bittersweet smell of burning oils and rotting fruit, clung to the outside of his dark cloak. He breathed deeply as he left the narrow cobblestoned paths of Knockturn Alley and entered the main part of Diagon Alley, the road sparse considering how late it was. His footsteps were sure, a reflection of his superior breeding, and those who littered the street moved unconsciously out of his way despite the heavy hood that shadowed his face and identity. He smirked and turned off onto Diurne Alley, a relatively new street that was more for everyday things such as haircuts and where restaurants were located. The street lamps sputtered a bit and he slowed his walk as his gaze caught the store front of a shop for babies. He nearly sneered. The sight of a transfigured doll clapping at movements of a dragon mobile, its roaring figurines breathing out fairy lights instead of flames, made his stomach churn. He was surprisingly grateful the hood hid his grimace from any passersby. It wasn't the children themselves that irritated him, though honestly; he really didn't know what to do with them either. His own son, regretfully (and sometimes not-so-regretfully), was mostly raised by the house elves. He turned out alright, though a bit weak willed. He didn't really have a hand in raising him until the boy was perhaps five summers old. The biggest thing about that he wished he could change was the fact he raised his son in the same way his own father raised him. Considering how much he quietly hated his father, that said more that he wished it did. He scratched his eyebrow at that thought. An old habit he created to remind himself to be stoic, to ease his frowning brows, to never let them see. He allowed a growl to reverberate in his mind. No. The problem was the whining harpy he called a wife. Narcissa had been a beauty when he had first married her, and he could admit that she still was. The Black family, at that point in time, had been high in society and one of the wealthiest families in Great Britain. The Malfoy family, though capable of tracing their lineage back at least thirty or so generations, were still considered a relatively new family on the isle considering they were originally from France. Much of the Malfoy family was still there, actually. The main branch had moved to the isle when his own Grandfather decided to relocate in order to avoid the problems of Grindelwald. His father, having grown up with the Blacks during his Hogwarts years, had become good friends with Arcturus Black and used him to tie an alliance between the families. He had been open to developing a good marriage with Narcissa, something he knew his parents didn't have. But that was never to be. Narcissa hadn't slept in the same bed as him since the healers confirmed she was pregnant with Draco. However, now she suddenly wanted another child, wanted to feel like the mother she never truly was to their son. It was a relatively recent thing, one he had been considering the source of for a while. Perhaps her change of heart came when she ventured back into their home from one of her many tryst over the years, ones he had spoken little of mostly because whatever he could have felt for her had burnt away with the first, and came to his bedroom with a sultry smile, eyes full of desire, only for him to slam the door in her face with a raised eyebrow. Or perhaps it was when Draco, his son in every way at that moment, looked her straight in the eye after her request for his company at a mother/son luncheon (an invitation that was more for her to be seen as a mother than the recognition of being one) and with the same raised brow he received from Lucius said, "I'd rather not. You should ask Edward. Isn't that the name of Maurice Harcourt's son? I'm sure he'd love to go with you." He watched as Draco gave a gentle smile, even if his eyes were sharp as glass, before walking serenely out the dining doors. That was the closest moment he'd come to losing his fine-tuned control and laughing at the soured face of his wife in a very long time. He continued to stare into the store in contemplation, absently watching as a cloaked customer filled an obviously extended bag full of acquired things. His wife…He couldn't quite put his finger on it. However, his instincts told him the biggest reason had something to do with the contract. Merlin, how he hated that contract. Maybe it was time he pulled it out again and looked it over. It had been years after all. He was just beginning to turn and continue on his way when the customer he had silently been observing came out, hands gripping the front of their cloak tightly, and began walking quickly in the opposite direction. He would have ignored it if his magic hadn't gently brushed against theirs for the briefest moments and recognized. What was Harry Potter doing down Diurne Alley, shopping in a baby store, in the middle of an October night? Lucius, with quiet steps, made a U-turn and followed. Casting disillusionment charms and sound softeners on his feet, he watched as the figure continued to walk briskly, turning back onto Diagon Alley and heading towards the Leaky Cauldron. Never let it be said that a Malfoy couldn't be curious. And this was a most curious situation. He cast his thoughts over the things he heard over the last couple months regarding Potter as he continued his pursuit, feeling slightly out of water as the main subject walked past the dining room of the Leaky Cauldron and out into Muggle London. It had been a little over a year since what he had mentally dubbed the 'ministry incident'. His ability to grab the prophecy at the last second before it was broken was the only thing that had saved him from his master's ire. Because of this Draco had been saved from being the unwilling participant for what the Dark Lord had planned this recent year. Instead he entrusted that fully to Severus, who killed Dumbledore and allowed death eaters into the school. Looking back, he can't recall there ever being a word spoken in the meetings about Harry Potter. It was like he hadn't been there at all. Which was suspicious, considering the boy was so close to being the embodiment of Gryffindor, Lucius wouldn't be surprised if the boy died a martyr. If he hadn't been there, wand blazing and mouth screaming, he wondered where he had been… Not to mention that it had been a quietly hushed secret until mid-way through August that the youngest Potter was missing. In fact, according to reports, the boy hadn't gone home when they left Hogwarts so no one, not even his friends, knew where he was. Uproar had gone out when, on September 1st, Harry Potter did not appear on the Hogwarts train. Which was less a surprise that he wasn't there considering Severus had taken over, and more a surprise that he wasn't there while one Hermione Granger and one Ronald Weasley were . Lucius knew that both the Order's members and the Death Eaters had been scouring everywhere for that boy. And here Lucius Malfoy was. Strolling down a street when he stumbles across him. How fortuitous. He watched as the boy walked through a muggle station and boarded a train. He followed him, observing little strange things he hadn't noticed before. Like how small the boy's hands were when he gripped his cloak closed, how he sort of shuffled in his walk in a way that gave the impression that he was carrying something heavy in front of him, and how easily he lost his breath when walking for long distances. The last one being rather unusual because though he remembered the boy being unusually small, he was also rather fit. He watched as Potter left the train after several exits, getting off at what he read from the signs as Bedfordshire. He watched as the boy walked a couple blocks before venturing off down a cobbled stone road. The homes on this street looked older, not wealthy in the traditional sense, just older. As he looked closer he could read hanging signs for a town bar, a pharmacy, and an inn with a red roof. Potter kept walking until the buildings slowly disappeared and, rounding a bend, he could see a medium sized cottage sitting on an acre of flat ground below a hill. It was…quaint. It wasn't to his standards, of course, but it was not hideous to look at. He reasoned that it fit the scenery. The boy walked into the front room and Lucius quickly followed, noting how the fire automatically came to life. Potter walked further into the room, throwing off his cloak and dropping his bag of purchases on a brown leather chair. His back was to Lucius as he shuffled into the kitchen to make tea. His deep exhale of breath releasing whatever tension he had in his shoulders. "Well, well, well…what do we have here?" Lucius wouldn't lie to himself. He felt a shiver of excitement when the boy's shoulders tensed back up at the sound of his voice. Potter didn't turn around, however, his hands seemed to be frozen in a hovering motion over the pot of water he was getting ready to fill. "Imagine my surprise when I came across the familiar taste of your magic coming out of a baby store of all places." He chuckled mockingly here. Surprised he still hadn't gotten a bigger reaction. "Then I followed you all the way here. Tell me, Potter, why are you hiding out in this-," he shuddered in fake revulsion, "would you call this a house?" He could tell he was pissing the boy off. His fists had curled around the handle of the teapot, the grip white knuckled and tight. He wondered if Potter was considering chucking it at him. He frowned slightly. The boy still refused to turn and face him. He didn't understand why, but it was sending jolts of irritation into his chest. Potter didn't get to ignore him. He let his wrist flick, his wand flicking into his hand. Once the Dark Lord had returned, his wand had found its home moved from his cane to his wrist, not just for convenience, but for safety. "Face me,