Sacris By: Bungie Summary: James Potter made a mistake which resulted in a consequence that Sirius Black chose to be responsible for. When that consequence meets the girl-who-lived, sparks will fly…in more ways than one. But can that flame continue even when the truth is revealed. Rating: M with MA moments further down the line. If I choose to put explicit scenes in here I will either forewarn you or censor them and have them posted on AO3. Disclaimer: I own nothing that is recognizable from Harry Potter Canon. In original characters, ooc moments, or other such nonsense I take full credit for. Not that I get paid for either way. Warning: AU, OC, etc. Pairings: OC FEM! Harry/ OC. Sirius/?, James Potter/ Lily Potter, Ronald Weasley/ Hermione Granger (fem! Harry/ Cedric moments, and Daphne Greengrass/ OC moments). Prologue: It was a nice night in Sirius Black's opinion. He stood standing on the balcony of his high rise, looking out over downtown London as the soft early summer air blew a breeze through his hair. It was warm, but not overly so and the scent of the muggle restaurants below wafted up and filled his mind with comfort. This was something he cherished, the freedom and bliss of having his own and never feeling as though he was unwanted or unfit. He had never had this growing up. He sighed and took a deep sip of the muggle scotch he had gotten a taste for. It didn't have the magical fire that fire-whiskey had, but it held a malted sweetness with the drag of a bite at the back of his tongue that gripped his insides with a light pleasure. He smirked at the thought and turned his eyes back out, his position just able to catch a glimpse of the London Bridge glowing by the light of a cloud covered moon. The last couple of months had been hectic, for lack of a better word. He braced himself with his elbows on the balcony rail, his long fingers swirling the tumbler of scotch gently as he reminisced. Voldemort- he tried to relax his jaw from the bitterness the name held in his thoughts-….Voldemort had been making strides with his campaign in the last year. The Ministry was corrupt and the corrupt officials bought off by wealthy purebloods who were conveniently in the Dark Lord's pocket. Or more appropriately, kissing at the hem of his robes. The irony was a bitter one. James and he, official Aurors now since they had graduated from training, were thrown headfirst into the fighting. Not that he was complaining about that, they were already deep in the trenches from the moment they joined the Order. Lily had joined too, along with Peter and Remus. Remus…something was up with him though he couldn't quite put his finger on it, though his suspicions said that it had something to do with the missions Dumbledore kept sending him on. Something to do with werewolves. As for Peter, well Pete was Pete and wasn't going to change. He couldn't imagine why the guy even joined the order. He honestly wasn't the smartest or the bravest or the most capable in anything really. But he had joined and Sirius guessed that must account for something. There had been many battles. Many times he had been called on a scene to protect civilian magicals or muggles from slaughter. Many times they were too late. His last call having happened just the day before. James was there fighting beside Frank Longbottom, both of their wives home and heavy with pregnancy, their wands cutting through the air against the Dark Lord himself. Together they held him back, but just barely. Two auror level wands against one and it still wasn't enough. A part of Sirius, one he buried deep never to see his conscious mind feared the level the Dark Lord was at. He had never seen anything like it. He himself had been locked in a battle with two masked Deatheaters, though he had been on the receiving end of one of those wands to have no doubt that it was Snape. The other one? He believed it could have been Nott or Avery, though he wasn't sure. Unfortunately they had lost Gideon and Fabian Prewett. Two strong men, honorable, and with his kind of humor. They had taken five down with them but it had been the wand of Bellatrix Lestrange nee Black who had downed them. He wanted to kill her badly. He could still hear her high pitched laugh, twisted just as she is, ringing in his ears. Merlin, how he wanted to kill her, if only to clear some of the Black name. Not that he cared overly much about his family name, but considering he was one of two left who carried it, he'd rather it be remembered for him rather than his mad cousin. They were given the order to fall back when he was hit with a bone breaker, something he was able to repel but was unable to dodge the shredding curse. He had turned at the last minute to take it on his left side so he'd still have his wand arm. It shredded his shoulder and left arm down to the bone. James said he had almost bled to death, but they were able to get a stasis on him in time. Madam Pomphrey, lovely woman that she is, did the rest. Though his shoulder still smarted and the pain may be there for the rest of his life considering the dark magic residue still there. But right now, in this moment, there is no Voldemort. No fighting. No pain. Just here and now. For this one moment there was peace. He took another swallow as he promptly choked from the sound of his door being banged on. That…was unusual. There was a muggle repelling ward around his door and those who were familiar with him had access to his floo. Kind of narrowed down his prospects. He quietly sat his glass down and grabbed his wand. He kept his grip loose and moved to a secure position, one that was behind his couch and near his back wall. He had sight advantages from here. With a flick he unlocked his door and let it swing open. "S-Sirius!" He knew that voice anywhere. "What the hell, James?!" He noted how his best friend didn't use nicknames. This must be serious. No pun intended. "Why did you come through the door and not the floo!? Wait-!" He held his wand firm in the direction of the door. "What was the name of the girl I brought to the dorm in 6th year who walked in on you in the shower?" James gave a startled laugh, one that sounded as though it didn't want to come out but couldn't be stopped. "Bethany Vance! I had hoped to forget that moment. She wouldn't leave me alone after you broke up with her." Sirius chuckled as he closed the door behind James. "Not my fault. How was I to know you'd be up that early and wanking on—what did you call it then? The "no hands needed leviosa" or had you graduated to "Mr. Cremepuff" since that was Lily's favorite dessert—so early in the morning?" James sputtered. "Now as brilliant as it is to watch you flounder around trying to find a comeback, I'm really interested in why you're here, why you came through the door, and what are you holding?" Sirius' eyes had zeroed in on the bundle of what looked to be a pile of clothes in Prong's arms. The sniffling and hiccupping sounds of a baby getting ready to cry made his eyebrows shoot up and the way Prongs bounced the bundle in his arms to calm it only confirmed his own thoughts. "Why do you have a baby? Holy Shit! Did Lily go into early labor? Is she alright? Is this the newest entry into the next generation of marauders? I mixed it?!" "SHHHH! Calm down Padfoot! No, Lily is alright and at home. And no she didn't go into labor. This little guy…didn't come from her." James voice had gotten soft as his finger curled gently within a tiny fist that was moving outside of the blanked. Sirius wouldn't lie. His brain had kind of…frozen for a moment. "Huh?" James sighed. "Sirius, do…do you remember that week before I married lily how I was super nervous?" "Yeah. The guys and I took you out for a drink to relax…um…down at that bar in Twylit Alley." "Remember how you guys woke up the next day and couldn't find me?" He laughed slightly. "You all were so drunk you thought you had pulled a prank and misplaced me, only for you to show up at my place with me on the couch drinking tea." "HA! I remember that! Remus was pissed, but I got my revenger later." "Yeah…the thing is Padfoot, that night I was just drunk enough to not care, but sober enough to remember what happened. I left with a woman that night and woke up in her bed. I-I felt so guilty about it later. Didn't know how I was going to face Lily. So…I guess I pretended like it never happened." A happy giggle could be heard from the blankets as James chuckled at the tight grip on his finger and the soft croon from the baby. Sirius folded his arms. "So, if I'm putting the puzzle together right, this child is yours by another woman." He blew out a breath. "Lily is not going to be happy about this." "Lily isn't going to find out about this." Sirius looked at James for a moment, a knowing kind of horror building in his stomach that he was doing his best to keep at bay with denial. "What do you mean by that, James?" "I can't tell Lily! I just CAN'T! I love her too much. I can't- I won't risk my marriage, my family, on an accident. On something that wasn't supposed to happen!" His grip must have tighten too much because the baby was begin to wail in fear and pain. Sirius wrestled the bundle from James, his eyes never wavering from his…friend. "An accident!" "Don't give me that look, Sirius!" "OH, Please tell me, how am I supposed to look at someone who calls their own child an accident?" "FUCK PADFOOT! I don't need your judgement on top of this! I'm not saying that I don't want him, but it doesn't change that fact that it was an accident." "Oh Merlin, James! You said it yourself, you were just drunk enough to not care, but not drunk enough to forget. You were not so far gone that you couldn't have said no. You just DIDN'T CARE! And now you're operating just as selfishly because you love this kid but you just don't love him enough to risk your relationship with your wife. Forget the fact that he didn't ask for this! The fact is that you are responsible. You are his father! You have to take responsibility!" "Oh this is rich. Getting a lecture about responsibility from you." "What the hell is that supposed to mean?" "It means that you are rarely responsible outside of battle. Just the other day I had to deal with the angry tirade of Diana Bennet after you left her a note about having a good time after you slipped out of her bed that morning. Those were the same things you were saying to girls at Hogwarts in fourth year. You live in your apartment enjoying the freedom of not having to answer to anyone, yes, but on the flip side you are also enjoying not having to commit to anything." Sirius tightened his jaw and walked towards his balcony, unconsciously bouncing the child in his arms. James may be right, but right now wasn't about him. "Be that as