Summary: Bella Swan and Eric Yorkie have been bullied by the Cullen Clan for years, Edward being the worst of the evils. One day, Eric snaps, and brings a gun to school, intent on killing Edward and ending all their problems. Locked in the cafeteria with a trigger happy Eric, Bella tries to talk Eric out of killing Edward and his family. Why? Even she doesn't know. With policemen and Dr. Cullen waiting outside the cafeteria doors, Eric pulls the trigger. BPOV I woke with a start as my alarm blared through my room. Ugh… another day of suffering. I reached over and turned the alarm off, before dragging myself out of bed and into the shower. I let the soothing smell of my strawberry shampoo calm my senses, trying to relax and not think about what was to come. Today was going to be a bad day. I could feel it. I got dressed quickly, just a plain white t-shirt and a pair of jeans, nothing but ordinary. Making my way downstairs, I grabbed the last pop tart from the box beforit along a note to go to the store. I ran out of the kitchen, snatching my jacket and reaching the car door in rush. I do not like being late. As I pulled into the parking lot, I got out of the toasty cab and started walking towards the school building, ignoring the light rain the hardly ever stopped in this dreary town. I sighed as I reached my locker, glumly putting the code in and opening it to grab my books. "Well, well, well… what do we have here?" I froze as I heard the sinister voice of Rosalie Hale. Great… and so the torture begins… "Look who is it, Edward." added Jasper. "My… If it isn't Swan- the Chief's little embarrassment ." continued Emmett. "Stop it guys, you're wrong. She isn't an embarrassment…" said Edward. Wait… What? He was defending me? "She's a mistake !" Ouch. Well that was new. I felt tears pricking in my eyes. Already? The day is just starting. God, I need to toughen up. Today is going to be a long day. The crowd that had gathered around us roared with laughter. I heard a round of compliments as everyone praised Edward on his new insult. I should have known he would just insult me. Edward Cullen …defending me ? Right. Like that's ever gonna happen. He was the ring leader of them all. He picked on me, his family joined in, and everyone who didn't want to get picked on as well followed. "What's the matter Swan? Cat gotcha tongue?" Of course, this just made the crowd laugh even more, if that was possible. I looked down at my feet and could feel my face heating up. He smiled when he found the reaction he was looking for. "Awww… She's blushing Edward. How cute." sneered Rosalie. Alice spoke up. "Maybe Swan here has a crush." As if. Sorry, but arrogant ass-holes are not my type. "Look out Edward, pretty soon you'll have a stalker!" someone shouted from the crowd. "Before long she'll be following you home!" added another. "That's creepy Swan! I want to near my house! Stay away from me!" Edward screamed in mock terror. He laughed at his own cleverness as the herd of students cheered him on. "I don't like you Edward!" I winced as I waited for his outburst. "Please just leave me alone." I whispered in a vain attempt to stop the harassment before it got out of control and he started a rumor that I was 'following him home.' "Excuse me, Swan? Did you say something? No, I must be hearing things, right? 'Cause I specifically remember telling you I didn't want any remarks coming from you when I'm speaking… that I didn't want to hear that repulsive, raspy little voice of yours. Ever. You know, you aught to show me some damn respect around me here. I own this school; these hallways you walk through are mine . And you think you can backtalk to me? No! I won't put up with it! You're a nobody, Swan. No one loves you, no one cares for you, no one even likes you. Hell, I don't even think Charlie liked you!" That hit a nerve. Everyone in the town knew of the Police Chief's tragic death, and it brought me close to tears whenever someone brought him up. "Are you listening to me Swan? When I talk to you I expect you to hear what I'm saying! I'm not just talking to you because I feel like it, because I want to, because we're friends. You should be glad I even speak to you at all. You have no friends, and here I am wasting my time talking to you, a complete loser, when I, someone who actually has a life, could be spending my time on things that actually matter. You're such a worthless waste of space. I don't know why I even bother. Get out of my face Swan, it's hurting my eyes. I'd rather look at something more pleasant." I was nearly in tears at the end of his speech. He is so full of himself. That was the most he's ever spoken to me. I'd rather he ignore me than to go through this hell. I grabbed my books from my locker and scurried to Spanish class. Thankfully there were none of the Cullens in this class; I was not in the mood for any more shit from Edward and his posse. As class began I started to think about what Edward had said, which was not a good thing. It couldn't be true though, right? Charlie liked me… I mean sure, we never were that close, but that's just because he was a quiet person, right? He just wasn't a touchy feely type of guy… The little voice in the back of my head chose to make its presence known. But Charlie wasn't a quiet person. He hung out with his work buddies all the time. And he went fishing with Billy and Harry every weekend. Everyone in town knew him; he had no enemies, except for the few that were behind bars… he was a 'social butterfly' as my mother would put it. But then… why were we never that close? Maybe he didn't like me. Maybe I was a mistake. Maybe he just wasn't ready for parenthood, wasn't ready for me … just like Renee. She couldn't deal with me so she left and got remarried. Except now she was dead. I wonder what she would have done if she had known she would have died a few years after leaving Forks. Would she have stayed? Been a part of my life? No… she would have left sooner, gone and lived her life to the fullest, not having to worry about some pesky little kid. Edward was right. I was a nobody. No one cared about me, I had no friends. No one loved me. My own parents didn't love me for Christ's sake! I was nothing but a worthless waste of space, my life was so insignificant. I sat there and pondered my purpose in life, or lack there of. What if I were to just disappear? Would any one even really notice? Maybe they would notice, maybe they'd be sad, even. Who am I kidding? They'd only be sad that they lost a little play toy… their little pushover they could torment every day. Maybe I should just disappear. It'd be for my own good. Ha. 'My own good.' It'd be better for everyone if I were gone. But where could I go? I had no one left to move in with… Both my parents gone, no relatives, no friends that would let me crash at their place… I didn't have enough money to move somewhere… But what else could I do, I mean really? I'm not a fan of suicide, it just seems to be painful, no matter how I play it out… and thinking about getting out of this town soon doesn't help me any more… I sighed as I tried to focus in class. Thinking was not good. Thinking was painful. The bell finally rang, and the day lugged on at a painful pace as I continued to bag on myself. I almost rejoiced when the bell rang, signaling it was time for lunch. I reached my locker, buying food from the vending machine without running into one of the Cullens. Hopefully I could just escape to the library and read a book or something.. maybe work on homework. Luck was not on my side. The library was closed because the librarian was sick, and it was such a small school there were no 'spare teachers' to take her place. I groaned inwardly as I made my way towards the cafeteria. I swiftly made my way into the cafeteria and quietly found an empty table without being noticed. It was a close to the doors, making for a speedy escape in case things took a turn for the worse. Maybe today wouldn't be so bad after all. I ate my food in silence as my eyes wandered. It was strangely quiet… something wasn't right. As if on cue Edward and his family stood up and zeroed in on whoever had just entered the cafeteria, surprisingly not stopping to insult me. Perhaps they had just had enough for one day. I looked up and saw Eric Yorkie. He was the only other kid in the school who Edward picked on, besides me of course. Edward walked up to him and gave him grief for being late to lunch at 'his school' then started poking fun at his oily hair and bad skin problems. I looked at Eric with pity, and then I stopped. I know how much I hated pitiful looks, although I only ever received them from the doctor or the school nurse. But as I stopped my pitiful glance, it turned to a more curious stare. Something was not right. Eric was sweating, and shaking. His eyes were frantic as he winced with every word Edward said. He clutched his bag furiously and his hand was behind it, as if he was hiding something. I could see he was getting more and more anxious. Something was definitely not right. "What's the matter Yorkie? Are you tired of hearing the truth? Have you finally had enough?" Edward sneered. Bad move. "SHUT UP! JUST SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP !" Eric screamed. As he spoke he threw his backpack down on the ground and lifted his hand towards Edward's face. I looked up in shock, and heard several blood-curdling screams. In Eric's hand was a gun, and he looked ready to kill. I jumped up and backed into the table, my heart hammering in my chest. Eric was mere feet away from me, shaking and screaming, and although it seemed he was out for the Cullens, mainly Edward, I was scared for my life. Edward froze, his eyes going wide as he focused on the gun. He started to back up when Eric yelled. "DON'T MOVE! DON'T MOVE OR I'LL… I'LL KILL YOU!" I heard a small whimper from Alice, as she grabbed onto Jaspers hand and tears started falling from her eyes. Emmett looked terrified, something I thought I'd never see, and snuck a look at Rosalie, who for once didn't have an evil sneer on her face. Edward brought his hands up in front of him and went completely rigid. And as for me, I was silently cursing the librarian for forcing me to eat in the cafeteria today. Eric slowly backed towards the cafeteria doors and shoved a table in front of them, never taking his eyes off Edward. We heard sirens from the speakers, and everyone that was not in the cafeteria quickly evacuated the school. Someone must