Hello and welcome to Rude Awakenings! This is a story I started writing a while ago and now, being a little older and I would like to think wiser, I have decided to go back and rewrite. So, without further ado, please enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter and Co. Chapter 1: Letters from Everyone Harry woke again from another one of his nightmares. He'd been having the same reoccurring nightmare for the past month, ever since he returned to Number 4 Privet Drive and to his dreaded relatives the Dursley's. Harry could not shake the images of Sirius falling through the veil, of Cedric's death in the graveyard, of Voldemort rising out of the cauldron and seeing his parents ghostly forms. He had stopped seeing the Department of Mysteries and was now seeing much worse. He felt sick, his sleep had been fitful at best since the end of last school term. One good thing about Moody's threat to the Dursley's, he had access to his trunk with all his school things. He had all of his homework done already trying to get his mind off of Sirius' death, but when the homework ran out, he found himself thinking how stupid he had been. If only he would have remembered the mirror Sirius had given him before leaving Grimmauld place last year, or remembered that Professor Snape was a member of the Order of the Phoenix, he may still have the man that was as close to a father to him as he had ever known. The Dursley's hadn't really spoken to Harry at all other than to tell him what chores to do or yell at him for one odd thing or another. He actually didn't mind the chores and did a better job than ever before. After all, anything to distract him from the pain of losing Sirus was worth doing. He looked over at Hedwig's cage he had let her out last night and she still wasn't back. He hoped she was okay. He was not overly concerned as Hedwig always did seem to be a bit brighter and more observant than some of the other owls. Harry began thinking once again about what he could have done differently, already knowing what he could have done, not been such a dunderhead and quick to play the hero, as Hermione had told him, he liked to play. He checked his clock it was five in the morning. Harry remembered when sleep used to be a place of bliss for him, when dreams would take him away from his life with the Dursley's. Now Harry went about his day in a sort-of half daze. It was Harry's sixteenth birthday. He expected to get letters from his friends but he wasn't all to looking forward to it. He knew what they would say. He could see them now. "You mustn't blame yourself Harry." "No one blames you." He greatly appreciated them and knew how lucky he was to have such great friends, but he didn't want to hear more about Sirius' death on his Birthday. It was a Birthday after all, meant for celebrating birth, not to think about the day someone else had died. Not that his birthday had ever mattered before, why should it now? And really, he didn't deserve to be celebrating his life when his godfather was gone due to him. He heard a familiar tapping on his window and as predicted there was the forecast of owls. Six tawny owls along with one snowy white owl, Hedwig, Harry's owl. He trudged over to the window and opened it to let them all in. They all flew in and landed on Harry's bed. He relieved Hedwig of her burden first. It was from Hermione. Dear Harry, Happy Birthday! So how are you doing? It must be really hard for you. How are the Dursley's treating you? I hope they haven't been too harsh on you. If they are, remember, don't send mail for three days or send something to a member of the Order and tell them to come get you. We're here for you, Harry. How are you doing on your homework? I've nearly completed all of mine. Don't forget to keep in touch with your friends we all care about you so much. You mustn't blame yourself for what happened, Sirius died how he would have wanted to, protecting you. Harry couldn't help but scoff a little here, he couldn't help but think he shouldn't be dead at all... I hope you will find my gift useful. I think it will come in handy, especially now that the Ministry has acknowledged Voldemort's return. Again Happy Birthday! Love From, Hermione It was of course a book. It was called "The Never Ending Spell Book". There was a small note in the inside cover of the book, it dropped out as Harry flipped through the pages. He picked it up. This book has many spells and adds new ones as they are registered with the Ministry. When we get back to school we can practice them together. Stay safe Harry! Harry thought it probably was a good idea to learn some new spells. He needed to prepare, more than ever he wanted to rid the world of Voldemort. He turned to the next owl and relieved it of its burden, as soon as he untied the parcel and the letter the owl took flight out the window. This one was from Hagrid. Dear Harry, Happy Birthday! Only one more year until you become of age. Then you can have a little fun with those ruddy Dursley's. Just know that if you ever need to talk I'm here. I hope the Dursley's aren't starving you none. Either way I made you this. Olympe is helping me to improve my cooking. I made this meself, I never knew my cooking was bad. You all always seemed to like it. Hagrid Harry opened the box from Hagrid. It was a package of rock cakes and it looked like Hagrid's cooking had improved. He picked one up and was amazed when he could actually break it in half. Harry and Ron had sometimes used the rock cakes for target practice after visiting Hagrid, he'd actually be able to eat them now. He smiled faintly at the memory and then set the cakes aside. He hadn't been eating much. The Dursley's would yell at him for eating too much no matter how little he ate, it didn't matter, he didn't have a desire for food anyway. He moved on to the next owl. This owl left also when its load was untied. It was from Fred and George. Hey Harry, Since you funded us we decided to send you some free samples. Make sure to try some on Dudley, that pig cousin of yours. Hope you're doing all right. Obviously we have heard about what happened in the Department of Mysteries and we send along our condolences. Business is booming at our shop. Feel free to stop by sometime and see us. Maybe you can sign photographs for us. Only joking, of course. Fred and George He unwrapped the twins' gift; there were a lot of different colored candies and other strange objects. Harry would have smiled but it brought back memories of the Triwizard Cup. Thinking about the winnings he gave the twins, he also remembered Cedric. Harry quickly banished the image from his mind and moved onto the next gift that was from Ginny. Dear Harry, A very happy birthday to you! I'm sure you don't want to be reminded of what happened, but remember, I dealt with Tom in my first year and while I know that I can't possibly understand how you feel completely, I do to a certain degree. I found this at Grimmauld Place, I'm not sure how it got there, but I recall seeing you with it once before and thought you may like it back. It looks like a regular mirror but I thought it might mean something to you. I hope to see you soon. With Love, Ginny Harry opened the package that was wrapped in brown paper. It was the other mirror. The one that would have kept Sirius alive if Harry wouldn't have had such a one tracked mind at the time. He held it tight to his chest though. It did mean a lot to him. He carefully set the mirror down on his nightstand and took another load off an owl's leg. It was by far the largest package of them all. Once Harry removed it from the owl it fluttered over to Hedwig's cage and wearily drank from her water dish. Hedwig watched with disgust at the owl. That was her water dish. He opened the letter. Harry, This is a gift from Professors Dumbledore, McGonagall, myself and, by association, Professor Snape. Although, I'm afraid I must admit he is none too pleased by it. I suspect your dreams have not been too pleasant as of late. This should help you sleep. If you ever need help or need to be rescued from the Dursley's just send word. No one blames you Harry. Professor Snape was reluctant to sign this but we convinced him in the end. Sincerely, Remus Lupin, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore, Minerva McGonagall, and a not so sincere Severus Snape P.S: Sorry Harry, Severus insisted on signing that way if he were to sign at all. He really does send his care. -Lupin No, I do not Lupin and do no think that you have anything but my deepest disdain and the only thing you have ever given me Potter is a headache from wasting my time and energy on you! - Snape Do not worry of course he does Harry, not that you would really care, for I see that you both play an act of dislike. Oh, and your Firebolt is stored safely at the school and will be returned to you upon your arrival. - Albus Dumbledore An 'act of dislike,' Harry couldn't help but roll his eyes, what was Dumbledore on about now? Harry couldn't stand the potions professor and it was quite obvious Snape reciprocated those feelings. Harry opened the package to find four phials of Dreamless Sleep potion with a small note from Remus on dosage and usage. He couldn't help but to open one and sniff it, he wouldn't put it past the potions professor to slip a little something extra into his potions. Everything checked out to Harry, as he held it up to the light and it was the same shimmery purple color he had remembered taking in the infirmary after Voldemort's return. He sighed in relief, this would certainly come in handy. He turned to the next small owl; it was Pigwidgeon, Ron's owl. Hey Harry, Happy Birthday, mate! Sorry about what happened. How are the muggles treating you? I know what I got you isn't much but money is a bit tight right now. Well, when isn't it around here really? Hermione owled me about my homework. Can you believe she's almost finished? What am I saying? Of course she's almost finished I'm actually surprised she's not done already. Don't tell her, but I haven't even started mine yet. If she finds out, I'm sure I would get at least three feet of parchment from her lecturing me about 'responsibility' and how it's 'for your own good', blah, blah, blah. Actually, I don't think I would put it past her to send me a howler, then think what my mum would do when she found out! I don't think I could handle that, if I don't show up for start of term you know why now. Well, I suppose I could start on my Charms homework. See you when term resumes! Ron Weasley P.S. I asked mum if you could come and stay with us, but she said due