1981 Albus Dumbledore stood among the ashes, his wand still held loosely in his weakening hand. His body was charred, his heart barely beating. The hill was covered in ashes and soot, ashes of what was once Voldemort's horcruxes. Nothing stood a chance against Fiendfyre. Even Albus Dumbledore. With his last breath, Albus smiled, for it was done. … 1996 If there was anyone who Lily Evans loved more than her husband, it was her son. Who, unfortunately, took a little too much after his father. It was a battle and a half to get Harry to sit still in one place, that boy was constantly searching for adventures. When he was younger he tired out both of his parents, as well as the rest of the Marauders before the day was even done – and he still had energy for more. He was sixteen now and Lily was glad she didn't have to run after him no more (even though she still thought he needed constant supervision). Harry was off doing his own thing in the world, leaving her to work as a Potions Mistress while James continued his successful Auror career. When Harry turned eleven, he didn't go to Hogwarts. It broke his parents' hearts and more than a few glass ornaments during their arguments. Lily knew deep in her heart that Harry hated school. He was too free of a spirit to sit in classrooms all day. That didn't mean she wanted her son to have no education. It surprised her when Harry fought that argument back with an apprenticeship. Lily didn't know that wizards took apprentices that young and James, when questioned, admitted it was mostly done outside of Britain. That was true, the apprenticeship was with a group of wizards stationed in Egypt. They were curse breakers and treasure hunters. Usually students after Hogwarts or other schools came and started working with them, but the best treasure hunters started young. Rowan Maddox knew that and decided to find an apprentice before he got too old. He was a British wizard, but he hasn't been a resident of the country since his Hogwarts years. Harry wanted to be that apprentice and fought tooth and nail for it. After months of arguments and Harry's accidental magic blowing up their kitchen on multiple occasions, both Lily and James agreed – under some conditions. Thus, Harry went to Cairo at the age of eleven with a wand, and an owl to write to his parents on weekly basis. He visited often, bringing gold and items he found on expeditions (his cut of the treasure, as was the custom) as well as stories that sometimes sounded more made up than real. Harry travelled through Egypt with Maddox, and all around the world with the group of treasure hunters. He saw more than most do in their entire lifetime and thrived off it. When he came back at the age of thirteen with a burn that covered half of his arm, Lily almost refused to let him go again. Next time it happened, James just threw a healing salve at him. Harry was a treasure hunter for six years. A few weeks ago, Lily and James were visited by Rowan Maddox for the first time since Lily almost pulled him out of the apprenticeship three years before. "I have nothing left to teach him," Rowan admitted. "If anything, he surpassed me. I got him to learn everything he'd be taught in school and passed all my knowledge of curse breaking and treasure hunting." Lily and James shared a look. "Well, what does that mean for Harry?" James asked carefully. "I want Harry to go for a Mastery in Curse Breaking. He could pass it any day of the week, but the rules for it have changed since he started his apprenticeship. A few years ago, he could pass it without his OWLs and NEWTs, because he was apprenticing under a Master. Now he needs to formally get his exams, before he can take the tests for Curse Breaking." Lily and James understood. They also knew that Harry would not be happy with the development. They were right. "What? I have to go to school ?" The sixteen-year-old complained when his Master and his parents broke the news to him. "Not for another year," Lily tried to reason with him. She let out a sigh, wishing for the conversation to be over. She was worried her kitchen would once again get blown up, like it did years go. "The Ministry agreed for you to take the OWLs without having to take the classes, but they want you to spend a year at school before your NEWTs. I'm sorry sweetheart, we tried our best." Harry grumbled, glaring at his parents. "We were meant to be going to Peru that year! Peru! Mum, there's plans to search Norte Chico!" Rowan rolled his eyes. "I promise you kid, it's going to take more than a year to get clearance from their government for an expedition there. You'll get to come after you get your NEWTs." "What if I don't though? What if you do get clearance? I don't want to miss out." "Harry, you need your NEWTs. You can't take your Mastery without them. That's the rules, Prongslet." James said. "Peru will wait for you, it's been there for a few thousand years, I'm sure it can wait a few more." Harry looked between the three adults. He threw his best pleading look at his mum, who just looked away. He wasn't going to win this battle, it seemed. "Promise me you'll wait for me with the Peru expedition?" Harry looked at Rowan. The older man smiled, his weathered face wrinkling heavily around his eyes. "I promise, kid. I know how much it means to you." … 1997 Harry Potter wasn't happy with the current development, but happier than when he got the news of it for the first time a year ago. He was going to Hogwarts for a year to do his NEWTs. He didn't understand why the Ministry wouldn't just let him do his NEWTs there, like they did with his OWLs (he passed with flying colours). Going to Hogwarts wouldn't have been so bad if it weren't for the fact that he absolutely abhorred being in a classroom. Also, he would be missing out on a whole year of treasure hunting. If Rowan found something huge in that year he was away, Harry was going to strangle the man. "It's only for one year," James said as he hugged him at the platform. "You can then go to Peru and do your Mastery with Rowan." "Yeah," Harry mumbled. "I still don't want to go." "You have to though, unless you want to be considered an apprentice for the rest of your life." James smiled. Harry shrugged at him. "Harry, look at me. You're my son and I love you." Lily took his hand into hers. "But if you don't stop complaining I might just have to hex you. Don't make me do it." That statement made Harry laugh weakly. "She's right prongslet. Stop acting like a first year and just enjoy it. Consider this year like a break and prank some people." James punched his son in the arm playfully. "James don't encourage him." Lily scolded. "Remember to study and please, at least try to behave in class. I know you don't like school, but be nice to your teachers, please Harry." Harry nodded. "I'll try." He said. The Hogwarts Express whistled loudly, announcing five minutes until the train departs. "Right, time for you to go then. Write to us, okay?" Lily said as they pulled the seventeen-year-old into last hugs. "Don't worry mum, I will." "I snuck the cloak and the map into your truck when your mum wasn't looking," James whispered into Harry's ear during his hug. "Now, you better behave young man." He said a bit louder. "Yes sir." Harry grinned. He was going to miss his parents. During his apprenticeship, he saw them once a month at least, that was a part of their deal with Rowan. At Hogwarts, he wouldn't see them until Christmas and that was months away. James helped Harry put his trunk and owl (a beautiful snowy owl called Hedwig) onto the train and into a nearby free compartment. The train left soon enough though, and Harry found himself waving at his parents from the window until he could no longer see them. Sighing, he fell onto the plush seat of the compartment, sharing a look with Hedwig. She hooted at him, unhappy to be in a cage. She was usually left to roam free when she wasn't flying back and forth between countries with correspondence. Hedwig was the most durable owl he knew and he was proud to call her his familiar. "I know Hedwig, I'll let you out once we get to Hogwarts. You've never been there before so I didn't want you to fly and get lost." Harry said to her. She hooted at him again, ruffling her feathers. It was clear that she was offended at that statement – she could find anyone or anyplace with ease, even if she has never been there before. The truth was, Harry kept her around because he didn't want to travel completely alone. Hedwig seemed to know that, as she flapped her wings and nibbled on the lock to her cage with her beak. "Stay with me though, alright?" Harry asked her as he opened the cage. She flew onto his arm, letting him stroke her feathers with familiar ease. He knew exactly where to scratch her to make her forgive him the previous statement. "I hope I'm forgiven." Harry smiled at her, scratching her just above her eyes. She blinked her huge eyes slowly, as if she was agreeing with him. "You should really keep any pets in their cages until we arrive at Hogwarts." Harry looked up, he didn't close the compartment door and didn't notice when someone arrived at it. It was a girl about his age, already dressed in a uniform trimmed with red. She had a badge pinned to her robe, which said 'Head Girl' in neat print. Her most prominent feature was the bushy brown hair that she kept long, probably to weigh it down and in an attempt to contain the frizz. "Hedwig prefers to be out of her cage." Harry said to her. She frowned at him. "She can attack someone else's pet." She said. "You're too old to be a first year, but I don't know you." "I have faith that Hedwig will be well behaved and won't eat anyone else's pet, right girl?" He smiled at the owl, who hooted back. "I'm going to be in seventh year actually." The girl pursed her lips, but decided not to argue about the owl matter any longer. "Just keep an eye on her. I'm a seventh year as well, how come I have never seen you? I'm Hermione Granger by the way, Head Girl." "I was under an apprenticeship before this, but I need to take my NEWTs before I finish my Mastery." Harry explained. "I'm Harry Potter, pleased to meet you." Hermione's eyes widened momentarily. "You're the Boy-Who-Lived!" She exclaimed rather loudly, before shutting her mouth and blushing at her sudden heightened volume. "I'd prefer if you just called me Harry," He grinned at her. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said it like that." Hermione apologised. "It's just I've read a lot about you, I never thought I'd meet you since you didn't come to Hogwarts when you were meant to." Harry shrugged. "I never really liked school, I'm only here because the Ministry won't let me take my NEWTs without this year. An apprenticeship suited me more." "I wasn't aware the Wizarding World had apprenticeship programmes." Hermione admitted. "Do you mind if I sit down for a while? I'd like to know