Interwoven Full Plot : After being rescued from the arena, the hovercraft heading to District 13 crashes leaving Katniss and Finnick as the only survivors. Having no idea where their original destination is located, they stumble across the ruins of District 12. Devastated and afraid, Katniss tries to pull herself together with the help of Finnick. They seek refuge in Katniss's old house that is surprisingly untouched. Hurt, afraid, and lost, Katniss and Finnick have no one but each other to depend on and they begin to discover more about one another as they try to build a life in the ruins of the district. Though as pleasant as things may seem at first, their lives are interrupted by certain enemies… Genre : Romance/Hurt/Comfort/Tragedy Author's Note : This basically takes place right at the end of Catching Fire, except Gale doesn't have time to tell Katniss about District 12's destruction. This is a romance story between Katniss and Finnick but it'll be friendship first. I'm not going to rush their relationship, but know that they will start to develop deep feelings for each other in the future. Hope you enjoy. Chapter 1: Breathe Theme Song: Dawn by the Cinematic Orchestra ─ [ Pull it up on YouTube and listen to it as you read. Adds more effect to the story. Start listening after the flashback is over.] ~Finnick~ Smoke and toxic fumes fill the air, mixing in with the atmosphere, and continuously floating about around, heading upward. These noxious vapors fold through the whole area, soaring from the waves of fire that still lingers steadily on piles of rubble. Fortunately the fire doesn't spread any further amongst the forest; it only stays burning slightly on a few of parts of the broken pieces of the hovercraft. Fragments are scattered about everywhere, in one place and in another, in big or small clumps. Somehow a few pieces managed to attach itself to a tree and dangle there loosely. Seats from where passengers used to sit at are spread out everywhere, having broken off during the crash. Most of the seats hold passengers who are bleeding heavily and are no longer breathing. One of them, who is only hurt slightly, manages to open his eyes slightly. The smoke burns his eyeballs when they touch them and they begin to tear up. He has to blink his eyelids a few times to adjust to the atmosphere around him. Somehow his seat managed to stay secure, unlike most of the other passengers who had either fallen out of their seats or were destroyed in the crash. The bronze haired male takes one look at his surroundings and feels like a black hole opened up within his stomach, pulling him under the depths of darkness. Crash landed, he realizes. His head begins to throb in pain as he recalls the events that took place before the incident. [ Flashback ] Finnick is standing with a blanket wrapped over his shoulders. A large table platform is set in front of him as he and few others stand surrounding it. A plate of food and a cup of coffee is set on the table near him, left untouched. There's a map of some important information of the Districts forming a square part of the table that they all peer at curiously. " Tell me…" Finnick murmurs, finally deciding to lift his coffee cup. It's less warm than it was a few moments ago. "Why can't we get Annie now before we head to District 13?" Haymitch rolls his eyes at the question. "I told you already," he says, "we can't risk flying all the way down to District 4 and picking her up without drawing attention to ourselves. It's a trip we simply can't take. We have more important business to take care of in Thirteen." Finnick stares at the black liquid in his cup. He can see his expression slightly, shimmering in the fluid. His hair is still damp from that quick wash he had earlier and he can still smell the scent of lemon soap radiating from his body. Secured and fixed on the outside, but broken and destroyed on the inside. "She's not in District 4, is she?" his words are more like a statement than a question. He can tell that Plutarch and Haymitch are exchanging looks without having to see them. " No," says Plutarch quietly. "The Capitol picked her up when they found out about us retrieving the tributes from the arena. They have Peeta Mellark as well." Finnick studies the map on the table, closely, having no interest in what lays out before him in the least. Then he looks up at Haymitch's tired expression. "What are they going to do to her? Shouldn't we go get her before they try anything?" he asks, keeping his calm. Inside, he was panicking, as thoughts roamed his mind about the Capitol torturing or killing Annie. Plutarch answers for him, "It's simply impossible for us to get her," he says. "It'd be dangerous and the mission was to get Katniss Everdeen to District 13 as soon as possible," he rubs his eyes with a napkin, before returning his gaze to Finnick. "Remember the deal we made? You agreed to help with this mission and this mission is long from over. We'll get Annie for you, mister Odair, but we just can't do it now." Finnick sets his coffee cup down, without drinking any, now starting to lose his composure. "Yes, I understand that, but we─" his shouts are cut short when the door to the facility room opens. All of their attention turns to the person standing in the doorway. Standing there is Katniss Everdeen, looking beat and tired in her jumpsuit. Her arm is bandaged up from when Johanna cut out the tracker. In her hand, is a syringe, and her expression isn't at all pleasant. When she sees all of them, here, looking calm and collected, her expression hardens. Then her eyes land on Haymitch. "Finally decided to get up now, sweetheart? Done trying to kill yourself?" he says sarcastically. He might be referring to when he witnessed Katniss knocking herself out multiple times earlier. Finnick can see her sides heaving in anger but her expression is filled with confusion. "Where are we? What's going on? Where's Peeta?" she demands, looking at all of us. When her eyes land on Finnick, he looks away. He doesn't want to be the damper on bad news. Finnick pretty much stops listening when Haymitch and Plutarch begin to tell her of the situation. He walks toward the long window with his hands behind his head, stressfully. Their voices become muffled in his ears as his mind drifts off to Annie. It's dim outside, with clouds covering the sky. The hovercraft seems to be high above the ground to the point where he can't make out what their flying over. Annie was never safe. He couldn't be there for her. Somehow, someway he has to get her back and it has to be soon. These idiots, Haymitch and Plutarch, aren't being cooperative enough for him and it's driving him crazy. They don't understand how much this is tearing him apart inside. When Finnick turns back around, he sees that Katniss is sitting down in a chair while quivering a bit. Plutarch just informed her of their whereabouts and the plan to pull her out of the arena. " You didn't tell me. None of you," she snaps. " We couldn't risk it," Haymitch says, looking stressed out. Plutarch urges Katniss to eat the food he's handing to her but she just shakes her head at him. "Where's Peeta?" she demands. This won't be good . Finnick thinks, folding his hands behind his head again in tiredness. She won't take this well. " Katniss…the Capitol has Peeta." Plutarch murmurs, as he sets the plate down onto the table. Then in an instant, Katniss is up on her feet and she's attacking Haymitch, threatening to kill him while trying to stab him with the syringe. Immediately, Finnick hurries over to grab her. With the help of Plutarch they are able to pry her away but she manages to get a few scratches on Haymitch's face. They struggle to push her down onto the chair and Finnick manages to hold her there as she struggles to get free. "You promised and you lied to me!" she shouts at Haymitch. " Calm down!" Finnick grunts, as she scratches his arm with her nails. His grip doesn't falter though. After a few seconds, she starts to calm down some, but he still keeps a firm grip on her. It's understandable, the way she's acting. He knows the feeling. Her breathing is still heavy and she's pointing death glares at Haymitch. Before her mentor can even get a word in to explain himself, the hovercraft begins to rumble quickly. Finnick is hardly able to keep his balance. "What's going on?" he demands, staring expectantly at Plutarch. Plutarch looks as confused as he is, as he grips onto the table to keep himself from falling. With a grunt, Finnick releases Katniss, and moves over to the window, stumbling on the way there. In horror, he sees that the back of the hovercraft is lit with flames. Haymitch is beside him in an instant and frowns when he sees what he sees. " Everyone, get to your seats and buckle up!" exclaims Plutarch. Everyone is piling out of the room, even Katniss, in single file. There's a sound of an emergency beeping that's warning them of the damage of the hovercraft. A voice on a loud speaker says for everyone to buckle up and that we'll be crash landing. They all make it to the room where the seats are held and waste no time in buckling themselves up. Finnick had no idea there were so many people on this hovercraft as he watches many of them begin to file in, in a crowd. Somehow he's sitting next to Katniss. Her hands are fumbling with her belt as she tries to fasten it, her eyes panicky. Finnick whips off his belt and gets up to help her. When her belt is safely secured, she shoots him a weak grateful look, and he belts himself back in. The hovercraft is shaking without control now, going through major turbulence. Finnick shuts his eyes, feeling Katniss gripping his hand. She must want someone to hold onto because she would never voluntarily touch him. Finnick interweaves his fingers with hers. They squeeze each other's hands tightly as the hovercraft rocks and tumbles. He keeps his head firmly butted against the back of his seat, keeping his eyes clenched tightly shut. This is it. This is how we die. Finnick thinks. I love you, Annie . Then bang … Everything goes black. [ End of Flashback ] [ Listen to Dawn by the Cinematic Orchestra now for more effect ] The harsh memory brings pain to Finnick's head. He places a firm palm on his head and holds there for a few short seconds. A moment ago Katniss was sitting next to him, holding his hand, but she's no longer there anymore. No one is no longer around him, no longer in their seats. Somehow most of the seats had broken off and turned over during the crash. His seat miraculously stayed together and he's slightly unharmed, except for the few scratches along his arms and face. Looking at the damage that was done, he wonders how he is even alive. And had anyone else survived? Weakly, his hands try to find the belt buckle. His hands are shaking uncontrollably, which reminds him of when Katniss had trouble fastening her own belt. He grips the fabric on his pants legs for a moment to stop them from shaking and shuts his eyes. His breathing has increased without his consent. Don't think about it. Relax. He keeps telling himself