Hi there :) This story was written because I have grown to LOVE the idea of Pothena. I hope you enjoy it and leave me a review. I know that Athena is supposed to be a virgin goddess, but it ind of doesn't work with this story, so I've chosen to ignore that little bitty piece of information. I have set this a while after the competition for Athens. The two of them were angry with each other, but that was not the reason for their later despise of one another. Anyway, read and enjoy :) Poseidon faced the entrance to Athena's temple bravely. The two of them had been courting for a while now. Well, he supposed 'courting' was the right word to explain what their relationship had evolved to. They hadn't been particularly fond of each other since she had won Athens over him, but once he had apologised for being so proud about it, they had become remarkably close. Closer than he had thought they would ever be. After becoming friends and partners who helped each other on a regular basis, they shared a kiss, and things had gone on very well from there. Of course, these new feelings they were developing for one another they had kept secret from the other gods, as it was near impossible for your life to be private on Olympus. They would meet in their temples privately at night and just enjoy each other's company; wooing, kissing and even dancing if the mood was right. Eventually the relationship became even more physical, and the gorgeous goddess gladly gave him her virginity. Sometimes they even resorted to meeting on Earth to catch a few more precious moments together. It wasn't long before she was all he could think about, whether he was on Olympus or in his own palace under the Mediterranean Ocean. He had no idea to the extent of feelings she held for him but tonight he was planning to find out. A recent discovery of the heart told him these weren't just lustful feelings and great fondness. He had fallen in love with Athena. And he was planning on telling her now, even though it meant he would now have to be braver than he ever had. Walking into the foyer lit by wall-mounted torches, he heard her musical voice call out to him from the main hall as she heard him enter. "Poseidon…" he heard her coo. He took a deep breath and walked towards the archway leading to the room in which she sat waiting for him. The room was completely ablaze with candle light, coating everything within with a warm orange glow. The marble walls and floor looked quite magnificent in the lighting, and there were intricate vases holding flowers all over the room (most of them had been gifts from either Poseidon himself, Aphrodite who loved giving flowers to those she treasured, Demeter who was the goddess of agriculture and had flowers growing out of her ears, or Zeus, as Athena was his favourite). The grand mahogany bookcases lining the walls contained different coloured, leather bound novels and encyclopaedias full of more knowledge and wisdom than Poseidon could ever understand, but that was no doubt stored safely in Athena's almighty brain. The paintings hung on the walls by the muses complimented the marble with their different depictions, and Athena's reading desk sat in the corner between the two smallest bookcases. Poseidon only took that in within a moment's glance though, for the sight his eyes craved was in the centre of the room. There she was: Athena. She was laid out extravagantly on the sofa which was made of gold and white suade. Her long dark curls hung freely, framing her beautiful face. Her silvery grey eyes shone in the candle light, her perfect red lips curved into a mischievous smile. She was wearing a long cream dress of the finest linen that faded into dark grey at the hem, making her eyes stand out even more. She was wearing her silver breastplate that only covered her to just above her waist. She looked all too alluring and enticing, which he guessed was the look she was going for. Disguising his immediate attraction to her, he returned her grin and strolled over to her, kneeling before her so they were eye to eye. He cradled her neck with one hand and pressed his lips to hers without saying a word. She smiled into his lips and enjoyed his salty, alluring taste. She brought her legs down from their perch and moved so she was sitting up and he was resting between her legs without breaking the kiss. She then snaked her arms around his neck, pulling him closer to her. When they broke away from each other, they smiled lovingly and he stroked her cheek. "Hello." He said with a chuckle. She smiled and let her hands tug gently at the thick hairs on the nape of his neck. "Hello." She replied, kissing his nose before letting him go so he could sit next to her. They sat facing one another. "So why is it you asked to see me so urgently?" she asked him teasingly as she fondly stroked his chin. He smiled nervously and took a slow, deep, breath. "Athena. Wonderful, wise, virtuous, sensational Athena." He mused, holding her head in both hands and stroking her face tenderly as she smiled sweetly at him. "How is it you feel about me, exactly? If it's not too much of me to ask of you." She thought for a moment, removing his hands from her face and holding then in her own as they rested in her lap. She stared intently into his face, studying him with her sparkling grey eyes. "I think you're strong, and brave too. And handsome, very handsome. I think you're also fragile and sensitive and understanding and I love spending my time with you." She answered, with a truthful smile. He frowned slightly, which confused her. "That's not quite what I asked. I asked what you felt about me. Not what you think about me." He said. Athena's brow furrowed, indicating she didn't know what he meant, or where he was going with this. "Athena." He began again, "It is remarkably difficult to read you. To know and understand what you think and feel inside. It baffles me, yet it intrigues me. It makes me want you around even more." "What do you mean?" she asked. "I mean, you know how much I care about you, and I really do. More than I think anyone else could ever gage. You do know that, don't you?" he began. "Yes." She sighed sweetly, stroking his brow. "Yet somehow I feel I can't rest unless I know how you feel about me. It keeps me up at night, constantly thinking about you and all the reasons I want to be around you all the time." He continued. Athena looked worried. "And then, after spending so much time with you consuming my thoughts I realised something, and I think that telling it to you might let me know what I need to know." "Okay." Athena nodded, indulging him so she would know what it was he was looking for from her. She wanted him to be happy, and it seemed to her that she could do something, whatever that was, to make that happen. She felt she owed it to him, seeing as how overwhelmingly happy she felt when she was with him. "I love you, Athena." He stated plainly with a steady look and his ocean blue eyes fixed steadfastly with her silver ones. She gasped slightly, taken aback, and moved away from him, standing up and taking a few paces away. She had her back to him now. "What's wrong?" he asked, concerned and nervous. He walked up to her and put a hand on her shoulder in an attempt to help her. She shied away from his touch as if his hand were made of fire, and looked at him coldly. His expression changed to that of anger and grave sorrow. He huffed out a bitter breath and grunted as he strode out in fury. "I guess that just told me exactly how you feel about me." Athena watched him go, dumbstruck. She wanted so much to call out to him and stop him, but for a moment it seemed her body wouldn't permit her. It wasn't until he spoke those poisonous words that she woke up, pursuing him. How could she have been so stupid as to have treated him that way when he had just bore her his soul? "Poseidon, wait! Please!" She hadn't been ready to hear those words; that was all. That didn't mean she didn't feel it too. She crossed the room and followed him out into the foyer. Slowly, almost hesitantly, Athena reached out with one hand to place it on his shoulder. "Poseidon... Poseidon, please... wait... Please! Don't go!" she begged him, just wanting him to turn around and face her again. When he did, she wished he hadn't. His eyes, which were usually bright and calm blue, were ablaze with anger. She cowered away slightly, removing her hand from his shoulder. "Please what, Athena? What do you want me to do? Pretend I have no feelings for you, maybe?! Pretend that the dreams I have of being with you forever, of having a life on Olympus with you aren't real?! Pretend that somehow we don't mean anything? Pretend I don't love you more than anything else in the mortal and Olympic world? I'm not capable of that. I'm not that strong, Athena!" he bellowed, the anger coming out thick and strong in his voice. Athena couldn't stop herself from flinching at the severity of his words. He'd never yelled at her like this before. He had been cold and bitter and he had shouted but usually because they were arguing about how best to advise Zeus. But not like this. Never like this. It was like her heart was stung in her chest. The pain just got worse with every beat of it. The pain made her angry, and she stared back at him coldly. "You know you mean something – everything – to me, Poseidon! You're my one true friend on this Earth. I trust you enough to risk my life, titles, everything for you! You know that!" she shouted back at him. The angry then subsided. She didn't want to fight him anymore. It hurt too much. "Then what is it, Athena? Why won't you tell me what's wrong if that's true?" She could hear the desperation in his voice. He now looked a mixture of sombre and confused, as if stunned. This was all too serious for her. She wasn't used to this sort of conversation. She had never felt this way before. It was overwhelming her and she couldn't handle it. "Poseidon, I..." his name came out quietly before she sniffed and sobs wracked through her body. She put a hand to her forehead and looked down in order to hide her new vulnerability from him. Now she really was confused. She never cried over anything, but right now it felt like the only thing she could do. Feeling like this, like he feels, physically hurts her, and she hates herself at the same time for making him feel this way. Poseidon watched her crumble and he couldn't believe his eyes. His heart of stone melted in an instant. "Athena, I'm sorry. I – I'm so sorry." He stammered, letting a tear of his own fall before he took her in his arms and held her as she cried. At first she was stiff and rigid in his arms, just crying and not fully absorbing the situation, but then she wrapped her arms around his strong back and held on for dear life. She didn't know what to do