Disclaimer: See this? It's under the "Harry Potter" category on a fan fiction site. This means that, hey, this story is written by a fan of Harry Potter, not its wonderful creator and owner, J. K. Rowling. Big shocker, I know. It's all hers—except for the shameful spelling/grammatical/stylistic errors, of course. Honestly, though, just having fun here. ;) Author's Note: Hey there! Glad you found your way here—it's good to be back, though sporadically. Just a quick FYI: This is a sequel to The Leaving , an AU one-shot of mine set during Harry's sixth year at Hogwarts (in which Snape is still the Potions Master and the students of Slytherin House are mysteriously absent). If you haven't read that yet, I'd encourage you to do so, though if you don't mind missing a few references in this first chapter, you won't be too lost along the way if you haven't read it. Yes, I know that fic is old and riddled with errors, and doesn't seem as though it would work for a longer fic—but I promised I would continue with a sequel if the bunny bit, so here we are. I can't promise consistent updates—life is a crazy thing. However, I'll do my best, and I hope you enjoy! The fact that Severus had been expecting the knock did not make it any more welcome. He sighed and contemplated the door to his quarters, wondering if it was worth pretending to be asleep, but decided that lying to his employer could only make the upcoming conversation more uncomfortable for both of them. It would be far from pleasant as it was—and there was no avoiding it. He had practically heard the gears turning in Albus's head from the moment his Slytherins had failed to step foot in the Great Hall. "Severus? May I come in?" No , he thought savagely. You insulted my house, ignored me, took the lives of my students for granted, tried to turn it into one of your jokes — no, you may not come in. But he stood and went to the door anyway. He made sure his face was stony as he pushed it open—not that it took much effort. "Headmaster." The usual brightness in Albus's eyes was, for once, utterly absent. "Might I have a word, Severus?" "Will it make a difference if I say 'no'?" muttered Severus, turning on his heel and leaving Albus to deal with the door. It was stupid of him—unfair of him—to make this harder than it needed to be, but Severus didn't care. He was too angry. "Of course," said Albus calmly, though he followed the younger wizard into his sitting room nonetheless. "I know you are upset with me. It is perfectly understandable if you do not want to talk. Know, however, that you cannot avoid facing me forever." "And what, precisely, is there to discuss?" snarled Severus, already having to ball his hands into fists to stop their shaking. This was not good...he could not afford to lose control so early… "My life has clearly always meant little to you. It should not surprise me that you think the same of my students." Albus was silent for a moment as he took a seat and stared at his fingertips. "I am not entirely sure how to begin to answer you, Severus. If that is truly what you believe, then I fear we have misunderstood each other for a very long time." "Perhaps we have," Severus snapped, refusing to join his mentor around the fire. "But I doubt it. What have Slytherins ever been to you? An inconvenience, at best—indifferent or unconvinced of your power, if not openly opposed. And then, when one comes around, it's suddenly a case of them having been sorted into the wrong house to begin with." He was pleased to see Albus flinch slightly; that offhand comment of his had caused, once Severus had overcome his shock, a row that had made for an uncomfortable several weeks. It still rankled, even to the point where Severus was loath to bring it up for fear of reopening the argument again, but he knew it caused the headmaster just as much discomfiture, which he surely deserved at the moment. Severus would have smirked if he hadn't been so furious. "Did it ever occur to you that there might just be decent people in Slytherin? Those that were chosen for its admirable traits, and don't need to be 'rehabilitated'? No. No, of course not. They're pushed aside and taken for granted, and everything other than trouble from them is overlooked from the moment the hat comes off their head. Don't pretend you care about them, Albus. No one does. Not really." "Do not make the mistake of thinking I do not care for all of the students that pass through these halls, Severus," said Albus, rather more coolly than usual. "And, forgive me, but with all the 'decent people' in your house, perhaps you can explain to me why not one of them stayed behind." That stung, more than Severus cared to admit, but he hardly needed to—he was shouting before he knew it. "God damn it, Albus, you know why!" he bellowed. "Do you think all of them left by choice? Oh, but of course, I've forgotten. All of them were already Death-Eaters-in-training!" "That is not necessary, Severus…. What do you mean? You know where they've—?" "YES! Isn't it obvious? Those that didn't go willingly were forced, and by god, if they want to survive, they'll fight for the Dark Lord!" "As I suspected...but why didn't you tell me of this, if you knew?" said Albus sharply, and Severus was torn between wanting to shake him or breaking down at the trace of suspicion he heard there. "I didn't know. Not until they weren't here. But I'm—I'm fairly certain they will be there, when he next calls for me." "Severus, this is not a time for uncertainty." "It is not a time for jokes, either!" Albus nodded. "I am aware of that, and I apologise. It was thoughtless of me. However, the importance of appearing to our students as though—" "As though what? As though everything was under control, as though it were no surprise? Merlin's beard, all they had to do was glance at our table—" "—which was made even more conspicuous by your leaving, I might add." "Because my students are OUT THERE PREPARING TO DIE FOR A CAUSE THEY CANNOT BE ALLOWED TO WIN, AND ALL YOU CAN DO IS SIT THERE AND ACT AS THOUGH IT'S A JOKE!" "That's enough , Severus." For the first time, Albus sounded truly angry, his light blue eyes icy as he surveyed his Potions Master with a frown. "Do not think I don't realise the position in which they are placed, or what it means we may have to do." "Which is what? Sit back and let them remain with him , where they'll either be killed there for insubordination, or by us for cooperating with him? I won't do it, Albus; do not ask it of me!" "I would not dream of asking that of you, if I could not ask it of others." " Ha! " "Severus, we will do what we must. For now, that means keeping things under control here, until we determine what exactly Voldemort plans to do with them, and considering what to do from there. There is no room for us to act rashly." Somewhere in the back of his mind, Severus thought he should have been cowed by the warning in Albus's voice, or the sheer power filling the room, but he didn't care. He was trembling with rage, not wanting to believe that his mentor would pronounce a death sentence so easily upon his students. What right do you have, to say what matters most? he nearly shouted. "You're going to do nothing," he said instead. "You're going to sit here and do nothing , while the Dark Lord weeds out all those that don't truly want to commit, and they'll be dead long before you get around to figuring out a plan—and by that time, the only ones left will be the ones that don't want anything to do with you! All those that could have helped us, that would have been glad to have been returned here, will die and YOU'RE DOING NOTHING!" "Severus!" "Get out," he stammered. " Leave my quarters, Headmaster!" "Severus, sit down and listen!" "You cannot possibly have anything else to say to me," spat Severus. "Get out. GET OUT!" "No," said Albus simply. "We need to have this conversation, Severus, and you need to understand me before it is over." Severus turned on his heel. There were so many snappish replies and insults and curses flying around his head that he was not entirely sure what made it out of his mouth; then he was running, storming out of his office and nearly destroying the door in the process. He heard the headmaster calling him back, rather angrily, but didn't stop—he wasn't sure if either of them would have survived, had they remained in the same room for much longer. He was several floors away before he finally stopped, panting. His anger had not abated, but now it was tinged by trepidation—he'd never gone so far in an argument with Albus before. Surely he would not just let that go. If Albus Dumbledore thought something needed to be said, it would be said, come hell or high water, and now there would likely be a reprimand thrown in, as well. Severus ground his teeth—it just wasn't fair. He didn't deserve this, and neither did his Slytherins. His fear for them cramped his stomach into knots and clouded his mind; he regretted fleeing from his only available sanctuary in the castle. There, at least, he could be comfortable and secure as he worried—or, at least, he would have been until Albus intruded, he thought angrily. Instead, he stalked the corridors restlessly, unable either to settle anywhere or to face going back to the rooms where Albus awaited him, not caring where he was going. Up staircases, down passages, through doors, doubling back...it didn't matter, really, so long as he didn't have to see that weathered face that infuriated him like none other… He paused in the middle of his failed attempts not to rant to himself. As he had not really been paying attention to where he was going, he had ended up in a long, unfamiliar room, its many tables covered in an array of glass instruments that put his own potions lab to shame. He surveyed it curiously—surely no one could have known this was here? Granted, he had occasionally caught students in abandoned rooms attempting illicit potions, but this was far too elaborate of a set-up, and—as he looked around, noticed there were no ingredients or other paraphernalia—just rows upon rows of bottles and flasks and phials, glittering faintly in the dim light. Strange. He picked up a small flask and examined it, feeling a stab of annoyance. What the hell was all this doing here? What the hell was he doing here? This was surely some trick of the castle's; Hogwarts liked to surprise the unwary wanderer, though he thought he'd certainly outgrown this sort of thing by now…. He refocussed on the flask again, noticing dimly it was not clear as he'd expected, but a brilliant light blue. Almost like— He broke off that line of thought immediately; he was suddenly overwhelmingly, irrationally angry. Before he could stop himself, he'd hurled the flask across the room in a fit of temper. It exploded against the flagstones with satisfying force, and Severus stared at the shards without feeling. He hardly dared to glance at the table beside him: it was too tempting, all that fragility within reach, practically begging to follow its blue-tinted companion...and yet… The contents of the first few tables