Absurd. That was the one word that kept flying around Severus' mind when he read the letter. It was written on thick paper with the familiar Malfoy crest on it, which was generally a good sign of bad news. He read the letter for the third time, then disintegrated it with a well-aimed "Incendio!" Severus ground his teeth together, impatiently fingering his wand. How was he going to deal with the ridiculous blond git before the final task? Obviously he would stay in Hogsmeade, but with his luck, Severus would most likely be forced to keep him... entertained. Severus shuddered at the not-so-innocent thoughts that floated through his head at that, and quickly shut off that part of his mind. It was better to not think of it and to just wait for the night to come. He still had classes to teach, thankfully without that wretched Potter, his thick-headed friend Weasley, and utterly annoying Granger. He looked at where the bleak sun was slowly filtering through his small window and decided to pretend that nothing was unusual. It's not like Lucius would do anything without risking a trip to the hospital wing. Why was he even coming to watch the last task? He didn't go to the first two, and it was obvious that he cared very little for any of the contestants and their well-being. It was out of his character, and rather idiotic to put it lightly. Did he think something was going to happen other than hero Potter winning the cup out of luck? Severus stopped his train of thought. He had suddenly come across a realization, and lightly touched his left arm. He then shook his head, and stood to get ready. Karkaroff was nothing but a paranoid dolt. He couldn't possibly be right about his suspicions. But what if he was...? Severus slipped on his robes and placed his wand in a pocket. He straightened his robes out in the broken, full-length mirror that sat opposite his neatly made bed. He scowled at his reflection then, satisfied, made his way to the door to go to breakfast. He wouldn't eat anything, of course, but it would be irritating if he were to be questioned about his whereabouts on such a nice day. Lucius was, to be frank, bored. He lightly swirled the scotch in his glass as he stared lazily at the bar. It was packed with witches and wizards in varying stages of depression, and Lucius could feel the looks that they were giving him on the back of his neck. He quickly downed the rest of the liquor in his glass and threw down some sickles on the table. He then grabbed his walking stick and abruptly sat up to walk to the exit. A bell rung, alerting of his departure. He stood outside of the pub for a second, drinking in the setting sun. Narcissa had refused to go with him, as he had expected. She said something about it being 'ridiculous' and 'just another excuse to see Severus', which wasn't entirely true. It was an added benefit, yes, to see him, but Lucius had come for a different reason (though, now that he thought about it, he was more sure about his idea when he realized that Severus would be there). And that reason was the Dark Lord. He knew that he had been rather... neutral when it came to that subject in the past thirteen years. He had to keep up the act of a transforming politician to gain trust and credibility, but became blind to the Dark Lord's movements. He cursed at himself now for being too inept to see that the Dark Lord was growing more and more powerful with each passing year. Lucius gave a half smile, and started to go off into the direction of Hogwarts. He felt almost excited, like he was a boy again, bullying the younger Slytherins and conspiring with his year-mates to commit the unthinkable. He could feel the muscles in his left arm clench with impatience, and sped up his pace. He wasn't a liar, he thought to himself. He was a Slytherin, and a soon-to-be faithful follower. Severus would understand. He could be turned again. No one becomes a Death Eater and then quits. Lucius walked across the wide lawn to open the large, heavy doors of the school with a discreet flushed look on his face. No one ever stops being a Death Eater. There was a brisk knock on his door, and Severus looked over the top of his Advanced Draughts for the Practicing Brewer book at it. He mused over whether or not he had given out any detentions today before sighing. He knew who it was. He scribbled something in the margins of his book, then set it down, shutting the cover slowly. "Come in," he said cooly. The door opened and a familiar blond figure walked into Severus' office, cane firmly in his grasp. "Severus," Lucius said. His eyes glanced around the circular room, eyeing the innumerable amount of vials filled with different colored liquids covering the walls, then finally turned to face Severus. "Lucius," Severus said, his own eyes searching for a hint of an expression on Lucius' face to determine why he was in his office. Severus gave up after a bit, and very slowly leaned back in his chair to muffle the sound. Meanwhile, Lucius had sat in the chair in front of him, his icy grey eyes staring at him calculatingly. Lucius broke the uncomfortable silence. "I see that you have been... busy," he said, eyes gesturing to the vials on the wall. Severus held back a smirk. "Surely you must know that I am the potions master at this school. It is a rather tedious job, Lucius," he retorted, glancing down at the book he was reading. It would have to wait another day, he thought bitterly. Lucius looked at him with amusement before returning back to his usual, uninterested gaze. Severus cleared his throat. "Why are you here?" A smirk lightly graced Lucius' lips. "I have come to ask something of you," he said. "I assure you that it isn't too much, just a small inquiry." Severus raised his eyebrow. "And what is this... inquiry?" he said softly. Lucius leaned in and looked right into Severus' coal black eyes. "The Dark Lord," he whispered. Severus blinked, the only sign of his surprise being the slight parting of his lips. "Lucius...?" "With my full confidence, the Dark Lord shall rise tomorrow night and call for our presence," Lucius said, his voice rising with anticipation. Severus was, annoyingly, shocked. The Dark Lord will rise? But this can't be... What will Dumbledore say about this news? "No one would be the wiser," Lucius continued, starting to sound like a young child. "Severus, this could be our chance to show our devotion-!" "As animated as I am, I can firmly say that it is nearly impossible that the Dark Lord could rise, and unfathomable for him to rise tomorrow. Lucius, are you sure that you have a reliable source...?" Severus asked quickly. He hadn't had time to think about his role as a double agent possibly being ruined by something as ludicrous as the Dark Lord rising. It wasn't realistic in the slightest, but Lucius seemed oddly convinced, which unnerved Severus. "Severus, I wouldn't lie to you..." he paused, creating a sense of drama that he was known to use to great effect. "About that particular thing, at least," Lucius assured, placing a hand lightly on Severus'. Severus stared at the gesture warily, but didn't move to stop it. Lucius went on. "We had such a bond and an understanding for each other back then. We had vowed to trust one another in the midst of the war. Certainly, you do remember, Severus...?" Severus was quiet. He never looked at the memories of his teenage years often, for they reminded him of his unfortunate mistake. He could hardly remember talking with the students in his year about anything other than revenge, which made him distant from even his closest friends (though he had few). Eventually, he had joined them on the Dark Lord's side, but out of loneliness and the isolation he felt outside of his own house rather than out of serious devotion for the Dark Lord. He did remember Lucius and his attempts to become at the least acquaintances with Severus, but mostly to get answers from him in their early years. They didn't really talk until about fifth year, and even then Lucius enjoyed being a level above Severus in pretty much everything. During the war, Lucius liked to raid with Severus and take most of the credit for the damage, even if he only did a small percent of it. Severus never really considered them close; just boys trying to figure out the world on their own, really. "Yes," Severus said carefully after some pondering. He knew that Lucius didn't enjoy being told anything that he didn't like, and Severus was too tired to fight with him, but he had to get his point across. "But it is a ridiculous thing to believe. We are no longer schoolboys after all, Lucius." Lucius smirked and leaned further in, centimeters from Severus' face. "Ah, but that's where you're wrong," Lucius said in a low, breathy tone. Severus looked off to the side, acting uninterested, though in reality he was slightly startled. "How am I wrong? We are full grown adults, years since our last lesson in Hogwarts. How are we-" Lucius' hand on Severus' gripped tightly, effectively shutting him up. Severus was forced to look up at him to try to communicate his discomfort, but stopped when he saw how close Lucius was. In an instant, Lucius had had his cane under Severus' chin and was holding down his wrist. Lucius had one knee on the desk to help him reach Severus and was staring intently at him. Severus forced down the urge to gulp and relaxed his face, giving the impression of indifference towards his situation even though he was panicking on the inside. "Do you remember the game that we used to play when we were sixteen?" Lucius said softly, his eyes darting down slightly to where his cane was pressing into Severus' neck. He paused, as if waiting for Severus to say something, but then looked back up. "The game where we would try to guess if the other were telling the truth," Lucius continued. "But if the one guessing was wrong, then they would have to-" "Do whatever the other person wished," Severus finished. Lucius gave a half smile. "Ah, so you do remember." Severus tried to hide his grimace. He remembered the game all right, but it wasn't a fond memory. The game was something inane that they had played occasionally in their sixth year, and it generally ended with Severus being ridiculed. Severus grew sick of it after a while, but Lucius was constantly badgering him to play and have an excuse to embarrass Severus. "My original statement still stands," Severus said, trying to ignore the head of the cane digging into his throat. "We are not school children anymore, nor will we ever be again." "But we can always pretend," replied Lucius. He had the familiar glint in his eyes that Severus instantly recognized as the one he wore whenever Severus finally agreed to play the game back in their sixth year. "No, Lucius," Severus said firmly. Lucius let out a low growl. "It's just a silly game, Severus. You aren't doing anything else this evening," Lucius said with a hint of a smirk on his face. Severus didn't try to hide his grimace this time. "I said no," he replied adamantly. "Oh, for Merlin's sake, do it for me?" Lucius sounded desperate, which was strange. Why would he be so distraught over something so little? Severus didn't quite understand what Lucius wanted