A/N: Hey Cupcakes! :D Guess who's back from the dead ;) (Hint: It's me XD) I hope you've all been doing well! I know it's been a while, but hopefully, it will have been worth it. Currently, this story is still a work-in-progress, but I've decided that I'm not going to change any of the old chapters anymore, so I might as well upload them now. Can't guarantee weekly updates, but there should be at least one chapter per month, if not even biweekly updates, depending on my schedule. I hope you'll enjoy the story, and I apologize in advance for all the angst. As before, I'll add trigger warnings to the beginning of the chapters. If there's anything else that ends up not getting mentioned in these warnings that you want/need mentioned, let me know and I'll change it and mark it down in future chapters, as well. If there's a need for a watered down summary of the chapter, send me a message and I'll see what I can do. Thank you so much for your patience and kind words. Also: Special thanks to my amazing beta-reader , who has helped me SO MUCH with this story, and whose comments are always a delight! ;) You've become a great friend I wouldn't want to miss in my life for the life of me. I hope you know that. I wish you all the best, and hope you'll enjoy this bundle of drama! :D -Tári P.s.: Check this story out on AO3 for links to the most amazing pieces of Fanart for this series! *-* My AO3 is MelChan1003 ;) Trigger Warnings: - Death - Implied/Attempted Suicide - Angst - Pain - Suffering - This is really just pure suffering. I'm sorry. Prologue: What The Future Holds "Will! No!" Falling. Will was falling. His end began with him opening his eyes, which seemed ironic. Same as it seemed ironic that the first and last thing he saw before the darkness engulfed him, was Percy's horrorstruck face. It was there, and then it was gone, and all Will had left was the memory of it as he fell and fell and fell. Will wasn't sure how long he kept falling He simply knew that he was falling, feeling it in the weightlessness of his body and the way his hair flew around his face as he gazed up, up, up into nothingness, the light long lost and forgotten. He knew this. Knew what had happened. Knew what came next. Will closed his eyes again, feeling sorrow, pain and guilt mingling inside him, letting it take over freely. There was nothing more to do now. Nothing more to say. Nothing more to dream. Nothing more to take away. Will kept falling until he didn't fall anymore. ... The next thing Will knew, he was dead. Will didn't even know when, couldn't even say whether it hurt or not. He only knew it was dark, and then it was still dark, but he wasn't falling anymore, stuck in a place where he couldn't move either forwards or back. But he wouldn't even have noticed that – if it wasn't for the screaming. The screaming. Nico's screaming. Nico's screaming his name and the choked sob and Will's realization that this was it . The realization Nico knew , which meant they knew, which meant it was over . Will heard Nico screaming, heard his pleas, heard his sobbing and the disbelieving wails, full of sorrow and pain and disbelief. He wished he could help. Wished he could comfort. Wished he could reach out and let him know it was okay – he had chosen this, after all. But he couldn't move, and then the noise ebbed away, leaving nothing but darkness and silence once more. He simply existed, his soul stuck between worlds, in a place that shouldn't exist. Will closed his eyes. ... When Will opened his eyes, he was gazing at a fire in front of him, but he wasn't surprised or afraid. He wasn't feeling anything, to be honest, other than a form of apathy and detachment he had never known before now. Will knew he was dead. Will didn't know why he was here. He turned his head, the feeling strange and foreign, as if he hadn't done so for millions of years. His eyes fell on three people that were sitting together in front of the fire, their expressions blank and their gazes empty. His. They were his. Will knew this, same as he knew his own name, and he reached out a hand automatically, remembering a time when he could comfort them and take away their pain. But he couldn't reach them, and could only watch as they suffered, unable to let them know it was okay. Will lowered his hand again, watching. Watching Jason, with his hands on his knees and his gaze on the fire, dark rings under his eyes and his shoulders hunched and drawn together, making him seem so much smaller, powerless, and weak. Watching Nico, with his arms wrapped around himself and his gaze bleak and tired, staring into the flames and whispering words under his breath nobody but he knew, trying to call Will's soul to him, trying to save him from the fate he had bestowed on himself, trying to get him out of wherever he was – but it was for naught, Will knew it. Nico knew it, too, but he didn't want to accept it. Then Will was watching Percy, with the guilt pouring from him so strongly it was visible to anyone who glanced his way, his gaze hollow and dead, his fingers idly picking at the healing skin on his injured hand – until he tore it open again, blood dripping to the ground between his feet. Will looked back at Jason and Nico, trying to tell them to look. They were too far apart. They needed closeness, reassurance, love. They needed comfort. Why weren't they comforting one another? He looked back at Jason, but Jason just stared into the fire, his body there, but his mind far away, in a place where happiness was more than just a word, and the world was full of colors. He looked back at Nico, but Nico kept his gaze on the flames, trying to hold onto his last thread of hope, unable to let go, unable to move on, unable to accept. He looked back at Percy, but Percy was lost to him, taking solace in the pain that reminded him of his mistakes, his faults, his guilt. This wasn't how it was supposed to be. ... Will watched them. That was all he could do. He watched them as they suffered through the days, travelling together through a world that seemed wrong. He watched them as they suffered through the nights, holding onto each other always a little too tightly, kissing a little too harshly, touching a little too aggressively. He watched them as they suffered through the fights, attacking and defending, but mostly just trying to keep each other alive, unable to bear the thought of another loss. There were so many fights. Will watched as Percy threw himself into battle, always going all out, always all or nothing, his injury never healing, only getting worse, but the pain was meaningless to him now, not enough to erase the screaming inside his head. Will watched as Jason rushed after him, fighting by his side and making sure he didn't get hurt, same as he made sure Percy didn't hurt himself, his promise to Will always at the forefront of his mind. Will watched as Nico went savage in the midst of the enemy, tearing apart anything that crossed his path, no matter if monster or demigod, no trace of mercy in his eyes when he slaughtered them, disregarding their pleas and snarling and their begging for their lives. This wasn't how it was supposed to be. This was far from how it was supposed to be. ... Will watched as they returned to Camp, their numbers reduced and their spirits crushed. He watched as the other campers came running, surprised by their arrival, and Will knew this was because his guys had stopped giving updates on their whereabouts. He watched as joy turned to horror when they learned of the losses. He watched as Percy raised his sword against Annabeth, the confrontation so sudden not even she had seen it coming, though she didn't seem too surprised, holding very still as the blade pressed against her neck. He watched as Percy accused her of knowing all along, and he watched as she confirmed it under tears, whispering she had thought Will would tell – that he had been supposed to tell – and that he had forbidden her from telling them, that it wasn't her secret to tell. She told them that, and she told them they should have known, too. That Will had made it obvious, that he had kept leaving hints, as if he had wanted them to find out, that it had even been in his song for them, and that they had simply been too blind and ignorant to see. He watched as Percy battled his inner demons, denying her statements and baring his teeth as he increased the pressure against her neck, but she wasn't afraid of him. He watched as Jason and Nico first told him to let her go, then fell silent once her words got through to them as well. He watched as Percy ultimately pulled away from her without harming her, just to turn around and disappear towards the cabins, the campers around him dispersing to give him space, their expressions full of shock and fear. Will followed, same as Nico and Jason did. Will watched them enter their cabin, and he watched as Percy let out a loud, pained howl, and the water fountain in the corner exploded in reaction to his pain. He watched as Nico and Jason tried to calm him, wrapped around him on the ground where he sat and rocked back and forth, trying to keep his sanity. He watched as they spent their own eternity there, unable to go near Will's scattered belongings – his photo albums, his favorite movies, his clothing, his books he had left, his supplies in the bathroom. He watched as they caved in and left at long last, unable to bear the remnants of Will's presence in the room, with Will's scent still on the sheets and in the air ever so faintly, and the memories too much to cope with right now. He watched as they were confronted by Alec, his face full of accusation and pain, and he watched them looking away in shame and guilt, confirming his unspoken words. He watched his brother struggling with the news, watched him staggering backwards and stare at them, watched the tears streaming down his cheeks and dripping to the ground. He watched as his guys stepped away from him without speaking, unable to look at him, unable to do anything but retreat. Will followed his boyfriends, unable to do anything else, and he heard Alec crying out behind them, demanding an explanation, anything, anything to take the pain away that spread through him, but his guys couldn't do anything, and they closed the door of Jason's cabin behind them without another word. Will watched as they stood there and listened to the sounds of Alec's crying, his frantic wailing, his screaming at their closed door, and they didn't move, didn't speak, lost in their own world of mourning and despair as Alec let the rest of the Camp know of Will's death with his loud mourning. Will reached out for them again, trying to comfort, trying to ease their pain, encouraging them to let go and move on, knowing that this was what he would have done if he were still alive, and the reaction was