Pairing: Dransy [Draco Malfoy/Pansy Parkinson] Timeline: Probably junior year of this muggle high school AU Rating: NC-17 Warnings: Graphic, underage Author's Note: I've had this idea rolling around in my head for months, and I tried to start it a few times, but it wasn't coming out right. Finally, though, I got it! Credit to imgoingbackto505's wonderful fic Better Be Slytherin for getting me back into a Dransy mood. Songspiration goes to Or Nah by Ty Dolla $ign and Wicked Games by The Weeknd. Enjoy, and if you feel so inclined to review and tell me your thoughts, I would greatly appreciate it. :) Until today, Draco hadn't known it was possible to have an erection and be so angry about it. Normally, the sight of his girlfriend wearing that ridiculously revealing designer swimsuit, bending over her kitchen counter with her lovely breasts pushed together on display would be a sight worth salivating over. He would lift her up onto the island, shove his fingers into her tiny bikini bottoms and rub her clit, and swallow every last delectable moan mewling out of her throat. He'd kiss his way down her neck, into her cleavage, begin pumping his fingers inside of her. Whisper her favorite filthy words in her ear when her legs hooked around his waist in a vice grip, when she clawed at his back, when she was close. Savor the expression of pure bliss on her beautiful face when she threw her head back in abandon and came hard for him, all for him. Today, however, that wouldn't be happening, because today Pansy was giving him the cold shoulder and flirting with Potter . Most of the junior and senior class was currently in Pansy's house or hanging around the pool on the patio out back. Her parents were away for the weekend, so their group had decided it was the perfect time for a party. It was mid-March and the weather was scorching hot, and this Saturday should have been an amicable, social time for the couple. Instead, Pansy was so sure she'd seen Draco flirting with her best friend's little sister, Astoria, the day before, she was now using the early hours of the party to torture him. His extraordinarily evil girl was giggling like usual, only it was clearly fake (nothing that came out of Potter's mouth was funny, ever. Draco didn't need to hear him over the music blaring from outside to know). She was wearing what she knew to be his favorite bikini, the one that (until today) had strictly been for his eyes only: tight, little, and pink, made of strings he loved to untie tantalizingly slow, watching the delicate triangles rise up her breasts or slip down off her cunt. Last time she'd worn this for him, he'd spent a good ten minutes pulling the thong back taut between her ass cheeks, causing the little triangle in the front to rub her folds deliciously, the friction making her even wetter while he sucked her nipples into his mouth. She came within thirty seconds when he finally put his dick in her, and she came again a minute later as his pace quickened and his fingers blurred over her clit. He knew for a fact she'd never been so worked up, never had it so good, because he was her only sexual partner (and she his), and while he always made sure she was dripping prior to entering her, never before had she been that wet. That fuck of theirs definitely made his top five favorite sexual encounters, and it had all started with that damned bikini. So there wasn't a doubt in his mind her choice of swimwear today was, once again, definitely all for him—all for his punishment , that was. For something he hadn't even done, he might add. Pansy bit her bottom lip on a grin and leaned toward a clearly uncomfortable Potter even more, causing her short high ponytail to swing from side to side, her cleavage increasing. "That must be soo hard," she cooed innocently in reply to whatever it was the flushed football player had said, loud enough over the music for Draco to hear. Draco groaned and pressed a hand to his swim trunks. It certainly was. Beside him, Greg also groaned. Normally, Draco would've snapped out of his reverie to turn to his underling and tell him off for lusting after his girl, but he couldn't be bothered to today, not when Pansy was practically inviting Potter to shag her. Oh, how Draco wanted to shove those little bottoms to the side and hatefuck Pansy into the next millennia. He wanted to hear her scream his name as she came all over his cock until she remembered whose she was. He wanted to— Blaise appeared at his other side and chuckled condescendingly, watching the main event at the island. "You sure did fuck up big time, Malfoy." The blond didn't even try to cover up his growl. "I didn't do anything, Zabini!" "And now you won't get to do anything." The dark-skinned boy's eyes traveled up Pansy's thin legs, over the curve of her ass, all the way up to her breasts, straining desperately against her top. He snickered and added, "But Potter might." Draco gripped his red cup so tightly it crackled and dented in his hand. Apparently satisfied with himself, Blaise sauntered off to hang out with the older guys on the patio. Pansy tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ear and blinked up at Potter, asking him to get them some drinks. He nodded jerkily and nearly tripped on his own feet as he tried to find his balance and went off in search of the booze. His half-hard-on was surely visible from a mile away. Smiling to herself, Pansy finally—mercifully—stopped leaning on the counter. She pushed herself up into a standing position, stretched in a way that pushed her breasts out in Draco's direction, and haughtily headed toward her bathroom. Draco didn't even think about it. He shoved his crumpled up cup of beer into Greg's chest and stormed off after the raven-haired girl. She was just shutting the door when he shoved it open and pushed his way into the space. Pansy's eyes flicked to him in the mirror, and in their blue depths he saw a challenge. She had undoubtedly only slipped away because she knew he would follow her. Challenge accepted. Draco slammed the door shut and narrowed his gray gaze at her reflection in the mirror. He leaned back against the wall and adopted as nonchalant a stance as he could, given the tension in his body and the aching throb of his erection in his trunks. In his coldest tone, he chided, "I'm surprised he didn't cum in his pants." Pansy was good, but she'd never been as good at him as keeping her emotions off her face. Hard as she tried to play it cool, Draco didn't miss the hint of a smirk tugging at the corners of her lips. "I've not a clue what you're talking about," she replied, leaning forward yet again, this time under the guise of powdering her nose. They were at a fucking pool party, for Armani's sake! "Cruel, really, making a virgin half-hard in front of all his friends like that," Draco continued, pushing off the wall and walking toward her. He caged her in between his body and the sink by placing his hands on either side of her on the granite. He studied her reaction to his proximity in the mirror; besides a telltale flush creeping up the sides of her neck, she kept coy, he'd give her that. He knew how to break her, though. He clicked his tongue with fake disappointment, lifting his hands and wrapping his arms around her torso, pulling her back flush against his bare chest. Her heartbeat sped up and she swallowed thickly. "You probably embarrassed him," he murmured, hooking his thumbs into the grooves of her hip bones, "draping yourself all over him like a slut ." Pansy's breath caught in her throat and her eyes started to glaze over. But, as predicted, she fought it, stubborn little minx. "If I'm so cruel and embarrassing and easy," she said, body rigid, voice breathy, "why don't you go fuck Astoria, then?" Draco wouldn't be baited, not now when she was so close to breaking. He dragged his tongue up her neck to her earlobe and murmured into her skin, "Why would I want a child when I have the sexiest fucking woman on the planet?" His fingers danced over her hips, up her torso. Her skin broke out in goosebumps. "Maybe you don't have me anymore," was her shaky reply as she visibly fought the urge to tilt her head to give him better access to her throat, her jaw. "Maybe I like Potter now." Draco growled and spun her around until she was up against the stretch of wall right beside the door. He gripped her arms—not tightly enough to hurt or bruise her—and gazed down at her intensely, heatedly. No more playing around. "And maybe you're eons smarter than the SAT suggests. You know exactly what you're doing, in that fucking gorgeous bikini you look so fuckable in, flirting with sodding Potter , and you know what? It worked. I'm jealous as hell , Pans." He sucked his bottom lip into his mouth and ran his eyes over his girlfriend. Her amazing chest was rising and falling quickly, her breath was coming in short gasps, her eyes were alight with arousal. So fucking beautiful. Draco pressed himself up against Pansy, his hard body against her soft one, letting her feel how bad he wanted her, and slid his hands down her arms until their fingers interlocked. She whimpered, and he raised their hands above her head, pressing her knuckles against the wall, effectively pinning her in every sense of the word. He leaned his face down so his lips were a fraction away from hers and said in a voice rough with need, "But the difference between you and I, though many would insist there is none, is when I get jealous, I don't go flirt with your nemesis to make you just as crazy. I remind you whose you are." Pansy moaned and ground her hips against his as his lips claimed hers in a searing hot kiss. Draco released her hands and cupped her face, making love to her mouth with his tongue. While she was consumed with their kiss, he allowed his hands to drift down to her breasts, his fingers pulling her nipples taut through the thin cups. She broke their kiss to throw her head back and gasped as he pushed the material to the side and sucked one hard peak into his mouth. Her fingers twisted in his hair and she sighed deliriously. "Fuck, baby…" There it was. Pansy had a kink for control, and Draco had clearly hit the jackpot. He knew his devilish little princess, knew she lived for him being possessive, for him growing livid at the mere idea of her not being his. And she knew exactly how to bring that side of him clawing its way above the surface and into her panties. "Bend your gorgeous little ass over that counter, now," he demanded, nearly coming in his trunks as she scrambled to do just that. She secured her hands on the sides and leaned over the sink so her ass was sticking out. He tugged on the string between her cheeks, groaning when she whined and danced on her toes. "So fucking delicious, babe." He knelt before her and slid the thin scrap of material covering her cunt to the side. His mouth watered at the sight before him: her pink lips were swollen and covered in her sticky juices, just begging for his tongue to dive in. And that it would.