Title: Keep Me In Your Heart Pairing: Nico/Percy Rating: T/M For: Takara Phoenix Summary: AU. Valentines Day can mean a lot of things. Some find it single awareness day while others find it the time to confess their love to another. To Nico and Percy it is a day of promise. Warning: MalexMale, Yaoi, Homosexuality, love, Valentines, angst. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Stage 1 It took many years after high school for him to notice them. Life had been busy for Perseus Jackson, better known by Percy. The now 26 year old had gone to college to become a marine biologist, something he had dreamed about doing for years. It had taken him four years to get his bachelor's degree and then in the middle of his two year study for his master's degree, his mother had fallen ill. Sally Jackson, actually Blofis as she had gotten married to one of Percy's old teachers, had fallen ill. The beautiful, kind, and best mother in the world had fallen ill with pneumonia, which by itself was not fatal; however the stubborn brunet had refused to go to the hospital, insisting she was just tired and overworked. However the pneumonia turned deadly and both Paul, Sally's husband, and Percy had to drag her to the hospital, where they found the pneumonia had become so bad that the first three days in the hospital, the doctors did not know if she would pull through. Those times had been stressful for Percy, the jet black haired, young man's mother, who had raised him by herself, he did not count smelly Gabe as a parental figure, could possibly die was scary. Percy Jackson had only known death once, and even that was of someone he did not know well. This was Sally, his mother. The mother that worked as hard as she could to provided love and a place to live. A mother that would stay up late with him, even if she had to leave early the next morning, to watch The Twilight Zone. A mother that protected him from the beatings he use to receive from Smell Gabe and had gotten the hell out of her relationship with him; even if it had meant possibly being on the streets. A strong woman who was passionate, kind, and warm; accepting all of him. She was the woman who encased him in her warmth when he came home crying from being bullied and picked on. The mother who accepted him being gay, no questions asked and no hate given. The mother that supported him when he wanted to become a marine biologist, even if they did not have the money to send him college. The most amazing mother in the world was possibly going to die. Percy's friends were probably the ones that kept him floating, keeping his head over the sea of depression that always lurked. Annabeth Chase, a pretty girl, who was also smart and athletic. Annabeth was someone Percy had met in high school, with her being partnered with the green-eyed male for a math assignment. At first neither had liked each other, fighting more often than not, but after some incidents the two became good friends. Percy's other best friend was Grover, a sweet male he had met in junior high. Grover was rather tall, with curly brown hair and a wispy beard, the male was sweet; another person that was picked on too. Grover and Percy had actually met in history, a subject that Percy's bullies were in. and coincidentally so were Grover's. Percy had stuck up for the male, and a beautiful friendship started. These two friends made sure that he tried his best to keep up with his studies and were just there, supporting him. Percy still does not know how to repay them, even if they said they were his friends and that was what they were there for. Five months after Sally had been admitted, she was finally cleared to go home. The event was celebrated with a small party; Percy's friends, some of Sally's and Paul's friends, and some neighbors. The only negative outcome was that Percy quit college; he wanted to work for his mother's bills, even when both Paul and she had both vehemently denied him to do that. However he was already too far behind, even with both Annabeths and Grovers help. His family and friends did not like is choice but they accepted it, knowing he was stubborn. XX XX XX Percy looked in the mirror; his chest was bare, showing off a lithe body, though it seemed a bit feminine and petite. The sea-green eyed male's hips were curved and showed off a wonderful expansion of creamy skin. However the male was not checking his body out, instead one hand held his right breast gently. He had noticed a pain in his right breast and a rather strange thing, a very small lump had formed. The lump was barely noticeable, less than the size of a pea. So Percy did what many humans did, he dismissed it. It wasn't anything wrong, everything would be fine. The male placed is shirt back on, making sure to be careful to not hit that breast. The lights went out, the green-eyed young man leaving. He had to work; after all, one could not just sit on their ass all day. One, Percy was not like that and two; it reminded him of a certain smelly man. Stage 2 2 Years Later. "My God, he is so hot!" The whispers carried out though the restaurant, the female that said that fanned herself. Many of the females stared at what had to be a god, a seductive god. Or maybe even an incubus, to those who drabbled in that art. "I heard he is Italian." The whispers increased. Like a wave, the murmured of the costumers of Forte Ao rose. All females and even some males stared at one of the café's regular costumer, who sat in the shadows. Only the dim light of the sun illuminated his features; a sharp chin, straight nose, and high cheeks with smooth white skin, almost making him look like a ghost. Neatly styled black hair fell in a slight mess at the nape of his neck, which he had a thin silver chain around; a necklace, which fell into his dark gray shirt. The shirt showed off his wonderful muscles and broad shoulders, which many men would covet for. The raven haired male turned the page, not paying any attention to the whispers; use to them. The Italian- yes, the other costumers were right- knew he was not bad looking. However the Italian was not here for himself but rather his sister. Hazel, his half-sister, had asked him to come. While he was anti-social, his sisters words, he could not say no. Especially when she had practically begged him to get out of the house and come to the small café her husband and their boy toy had opened up. Ok, so Leo was not a boy toy but still, it was something that he had first thought the young Latino was. He had gotten smacked from Hazel at his remark. The small little café sold all types of Asian and European food, along with, for some odd reason, Hawaiian food. Just three years ago Forte Ao had been a run-down shop, that was until Hazel and Frank, her husband, had bought the place and fixed it up. The only problem was that both Frank and Hazel had some problems with the building itself, mostly the electrical and plumbing stuff. That's how Leo came into the picture; the Latino did small jobs and had known one of Hazel's friends who introduced the couple to the Latino. From that moment, it was love at first sight. The male grumbled, closing the book he had been reading. He had filled his promise of staying at least an hour for both days of the weekend, now all he wanted to do was go home and sink into a steaming hot bath before his appointment later. Yes, that sounded great. The occupants, the ones that had been watching (most of the café), breathed in as the gorgeous Italian stood, his chair lowly scraping against the wooden floors. In graceful strides, he was at the door, leaving. At the same time the door opened, away from the Italian, a beauty stepping into the café, running into the Italian. Sea green eyes, flush, healthy cheeks, messy raven hair, a small body with skinny jean clad long legs, made up this beauty. "Ah! I am so sorry." Even his voice was sweet. XX XX XX Percy had been running late, very late. He had promised to meet his cousin, Tyson at the small Café that the younger male had been very excited about. Except he was more excited that Percy would be meeting his Fiancé, Ella. Tyson had been going on and on about her over the phone when he and Percy had their weekly conversation, not that the latter minded. In fact, the green eyed male was very happy for his shy cousin. However the older male had over slept, a raging head-ache had bothered him and he had taken some medicine to help but one of the side effects was tiredness. So Percy had not heard his alarm clock, and since he was living alone, he ended up sleeping right through it. When the sea-green eyed male finally awoke, he had quickly changed and ran; he was lucky that the café was not too far from his small apartment. The young man took a second to compose himself, it would not be a very good first impression if he was panting and sweating, before finally opening the door He was not expecting to run into a male's firm chest, Percy could feel the muscles, nor was he expecting the man he ran into to be so Adonis-like. Seriously, the male was perfect and gorgeous, and just his type. "Ah! I am so sorry." Percy remembered himself and quickly realized he had bumped into the taller male. "No problem, Bello (1). May I ask what has you in such a rush?" Gah! Italian and hot! His voice! It was the right amount of low and dark. "..hmmm…I'm not supposed to be talking to strangers." Percy smiled a bit, a small giggle on the tip of his lips. "We'll have to correct that then. My name is Nico di Angelo. Now the only stranger is you, would you like to tell me yours?" Nico could not get over how cute the younger male looked as he smiled shyly. "Well, since it would only be fair. My name is Perseus Jackson, but just Percy please." The two smiled at each other, until a voice cleared behind Nico. The two males got out of the way so an elderly man could pass through. A beeping caused Percy to gasp and look at his watch, quickly scanning the café, spotting Tyson looking at him expectantly. "Are you meeting someone, Percy?" Nico hoped it was not a possible boyfriend; it would be a shame if this beauty was already taken. The Italian had only spoken to the sea-green eyed male for less than five minutes but he was already quite interested in him. "Um..yes. My cousin and his fiancé, and I'm running late. So.." Percy bit his lip, he didn't want to seem rude, not to forget the fact he still wanted to continue this conversation, but he was already late as it was. Nico internally grinned, so it wasn't a beau. "Pardon me, Bello." Nico looked at his watch. He also had to leave, especially if he wished to take that bath before going to his stressful job. "It seems I also have to leave. But before that, here." Percy took the paper, smiling when he saw what was on it, though he could feel some heat on his cheeks. The