A/N: And I'm back! Don't you just love it when I keep my promises? Thank you to all of you lovely people who read, reviewed, followed, and favourited. It really pushed me to get things done and it's always interesting to see what you guys think. Enjoy this next chapter! It's a little different. Disclaimer: I do not own the Harry Potter series. I do however, claim full ownership over Andrea Saltzman and any characters that you do not recognize. Everything else belongs to the appropriate owners. Rating: T for coarse language, adult themes, and violent Situations. CHAPTER ONE: WHERE IN THE WORLD IS DRACO MALFOY? Twenty Years Later: August, 2022 Introducing Andrea Saltzman, junior reporter at the Daily Prophet (and the only capable person on the entire staff, in her opinion), 24, female, a brunette, daughter to Ministry of Transportation workers Bob and Marian Saltzman. Introducing Andrea Saltzman's extremely red face, as Ms. Saltzman fumes silently at her desk because her boss is a chauvinistic, bigoted, bastarding brat that couldn't see talent if it crawled its way past the huge stick up his arse - Andrea immediately crumpled the piece of parchment she'd been scribbling furiously on as her said boss – The great and mighty Theodore Nott – passed just by her desk, shaking the hand of Jerry Sanford, who everyone said would get the promotion that Andrea so desperately wanted and deserved. And by hell did she deserve it! She was the one who put in the hours while everyone else was off doing whatever the hell people with lives did. She was the one who brought in all the great stories. Hell, she was the one who got the most fan letters, much to the chagrin of her colleagues – who were primarily composed of ex-Slytherin males. She was the one who got the most ratings, the most popularity over her writing, the numbers. But there was obviously no way that she'd get the promotion because, hell, obviously slytherins didn't believe in raising females to a place of power. Who the hell would consider something so stupid anyway? Screw meritocracy. She sighed and rolled her shoulders as she watched Nott and his new little bitch go into the former's office, no doubt talking about how brilliant they were and how great it was to be a man in this world. Or more likely, they were talking about how much Sanford was going to get paid when the (fixed) promotion would be announced next week. Seriously, where was the fairness in all this? Nott could have actually seriously considered who was best to take the spot of senior reporter, even if it wasn't her (which it totally should be because she really was the best out of all of them. Obviously). But he'd just automatically had chosen the male he'd liked best out of all of them. Or, more accurately, the junior reporter that kissed the most arse to the executives. As Sanford walked out of Nott's office with a huge grin on his face, Andrea's heart sank. She knew there was absolutely no way that she was going to get that promotion, or any promotion in this place. She ought to really just take her lot in life and make peace with the fact that journalism was a cut throat, male driven business. She had no place here. So, she continued with fact checking the latest issue going to press and tried not to cry until she'd managed to make it back to her (parents') house. / "Hey, did you hear?" Sanford said in his obnoxiously loud voice as they all ate lunch in their drabby little lunch room. "Lucius Malfoy passed away last night." There were murmurs, none too interested. "So?" someone finally asked. Quite rudely in her opinion. "Are you covering the obituaries now, Sanford?" Snickers followed, but Andrea only rolled her eyes. Some glanced in her direction to see her reaction, but she kept her face composed. There was no use telling these people that just because one wrote about a broad range of things (including obituaries of people whom society had long forgotten) did not make you any less of a writer. These arses wouldn't understand something so profound. In fact, most of them probably didn't even know who Lucius Malfoy was, how could anyone expect people like these to appreciate the significance of his death? Sanford scoffed and her skin literally prickled. One day, she would choke him in his sleep, she would. And then she'd be the queen of the Daily Prophet, the one getting all the good articles and promotions. Hell, she'd even torch his pretentious little house at the perfect location in London. His stupid pig nosed wife could go to hell with him. That would show the bastards who they were dealing with! "... no one left to take his fortune, you know," he was saying. "The man was filthy rich, after all. The Ministry's talking about taking the whole lot of it on the down low. Heard it from Nott himself -" "What?" she burst out, completely forgetting her own rules about not talking to any of the brats she worked with. "What about his son? Draco Malfoy?" A silence swept over the room, which was rather remarkable considering that the room was filled with people who normally couldn't shove a sock in it if they sewed their own mouths shut. But she did not notice it whatsoever. It hardly mattered to her that the lot of them were shocked that she'd even deigned to participate in one of their conversations, as reserved as she usually was, nor the fact that this would probably come back to bite her in the arse later. Instead, she stared at him expectantly, waiting for the answer to her question. He cleared his throat uncomfortably under her gaze. So alright, she could be a little unnecessarily intense and it freaked most people out. "Well... his son's been missing for years, hasn't he? Nearly forever? No one thinks he's going to step forward now to claim his inheritance." "Well..." she sarcastically imitated him, much to his irritation and to the amusement of the others. By Gods was it great to piss off the great and mighty Sanford. "Why not?" " Well," he stressed, careful not to be outdone by the likes of her, "he's been rumoured to be dead." The conversation continued without her as she'd long since zoned out. Draco Malfoy was an interesting case, perhaps one of the odder conundrums of the old war stories. She was one of the few people, at least out of her age group, that had actually paid attention to the war stories, the great figures, the excitement. No one liked to dwell on Voldemort's reign these days or Harry Potter's triumph, not unless you were fifty and boring. But she, the ever studious nerd, had soaked it all in. She knew all about the battle of Hogwarts, who had died and how, how Albus Dumbledore had possessed the Elder Wand, and how Harry Potter had defeated Voldemort with a rebounding spell twice. She knew that Draco Malfoy had let the Death Eaters into Hogwarts and had been tasked to kill Dumbledore and how he couldn't go through with it. And she was aware that Draco Malfoy had vanished off the face of the earth – quite randomly – exactly three years after the war. None of the books she'd read or the stories she'd heard had ever explained his longstanding absence. It was a really curious thing, but no one really seemed to care. True, he wasn't the most heroic of characters. In fact, from everything she knew, he'd sounded quite like a jackass. But to vanish from the face of the earth and have that be the end of it? She supposed it was just a tiny bit strange. His father had never commented about it. It had been as if he'd never had a son from the way he'd behaved. In light of the elder Malfoy's death, this would definitely sell papers, writing about the mysterious disappearance of a now very rich man. And if she could write a hit article, maybe she could get the attention of her boss. And maybe if Theodore Nott paid her a bit of attention, she could possibly convince him to dump the one hit wonder and give her the promotion instead. It was a fantastic plan, really! But first she would have to do a little snooping. / "I want to write an investigative story on the whereabouts of Draco Malfoy." Then he really did stop shuffling the papers on his desk and looked up (or actually down at her) to stare her right in her eye. Truthfully, it was a little nerve wracking, but she'd be damned if she would let him intimidate her out of this. This was her once chance! So instead of his sweltering gaze, she focused on...well, him. He hadn't aged well, Nott. The wrinkles around his eyes, his receding hairline, his unfortunately paunchy belly. All these things calmed her for some reason she couldn't quite place. As he shifted uncomfortably before her, she supposed her scrutiny of him and his body unnerved him. Maybe the man before her actually felt self conscious for once. It would serve him right. "Why?" he finally asked her. His tone was weary. "With the death of Lucius Malfoy and the uncertainty surrounding the family fortune, I think the piece will spark a lot of intrigue," she said in her most formal tone (And by Gods was it fucking formal!) but Nott had a faraway look in his eyes. "Sir?" "How will you proceed?" he asked after an unusually long silence. "No one has heard from Draco Malfoy in over twenty years." This fact seemed to pain him and she almost smacked herself over the head. How had she failed to recognize the obvious? The very thing that would make her very dreams come true provided that she was successful? She tried to remain straight faced, to not break down in song and give herself away in front of him. "Was he a good friend of yours, sir?" she asked innocently. Well, as innocently as her person like her could, anyway. Which clearly wasn't innocently enough, because his gaze turned sharp. "You may write this article of yours, but I will read it myself before it goes to press. Understood?" "Yes, sir!" she exclaimed before stepping out of the office, completely unaware of the incredulous and somewhat jealous stares of her coworkers following her behind out of the building. / As excited as she was about her new mission, the entire endeavour was an extremely frustrating chore. After all, how was one supposed to find a man that no one had heard of or from in over two decades? But moreover, how does one find a man that no one, absolutely no one cared about finding? He was not well liked. He almost had the status of a war criminal. That was about it, about all anyone needed to know. So instead of asking people, she'd turned to the paper trail, of which there was also next to nothing. She'd painstakingly gone through all the old issues of the prophet, but the last time he'd been mentioned was at the Death Eater trials held after the war to account for his war crimes. He hadn't been spotted by any other news source, either. She'd checked and then double checked. She'd even gone through the despicable archives of Witch Weekly! And all for nothing. There was no trace of the man. Three days had passed in this fashion and she'd honestly been about to give up on the entire thing – screw going places in life, who the hell needed such things anyway? – when she realized how stupid she'd been. If someone were looking for a missing person, where were they supposed to