Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight, just playing with the characters. No monetary gain from this fic. 16 and up please rated M. Adult Language, sexual situations, violence, Adult content. From To Different Worlds. In this fan fic, my Aro did not kill Didyme, just to clear that up. This story begins after BD2. Chapter One: Memories Haunt as Battle rises. Aro Pov. It is true, I've noticed for sometime my brother was more depressed than usual. After the horrid business concerning the Cullen coven, Marcus's mood started to decline even more. He lost even the littlest spark for life and just fell into deep despair. I was very concerned, how was I going to know the bonds of my enemies if he was locked up in self-pity and sorrow. I looked over at the empty throne where Marcus was supposed to be to my right, and sighed because he was absent again today. He kept to his rooms now, wasting away, thinking about her. Didyme. I knew for once how he felt. I am suffering from a loss as well. My Sulpicia left me after the confrontation in Forks. The memories of Aro's day of loss... When we flitted away from the Cullens that day, I was bewildered to discover my wife was not with us. I remember looking for her fanatically because I was worried one of the shape shifting wolves would kill her, especially if they found her all alone. I smelled her, faint as it was, it steered me in the right direction. Demetri and Jane were at my side, just in case I ran into trouble. I really didn't know what to expect. Why had she gone off alone? In all our years together she was such a good wife; always by my side. She was everything I needed, supporting, loving, loyal, obedient, a good lover. So what possessed her? My mind panicked as I thought of the worst. Soon, I found her scent strongest as I arrived in close proximity to the Cullens residence. I heard hushed voices as I came at last to a clearing. My breath hitched as I caught sight of my beloved in the arms of another man. How could she? I felt my heart-break and the nasty raw emotion of betrayal that started eating away at my self-control. I stalked forward in a rage, how dare he touch what was MINE. As I growled in fury they broke apart, clearly in great fear. I saw my rival's face and hissed. Alistair! "What is this! ALISTAIR, GET YOUR HANDS OFF MY MATE! " I shouted commanding Alistair to move away or else. I was so stunned that Sulpicia would let the scoundrel that close to her, let alone lure her away from me. My two guards crouched, ready to attack, hissing violently beside me. Sulpicia held up her hands suddenly. and I growled at her actions as she proceeded to try and protect HIM . "Aro please no, let us explain!" My love called out to me. However, my focus was on that snake of a vampire loner, Alistair. I saw red as I gazed intensely , burning holes in his head. Alistair placed his hands on my wife and pulled her to himself. He looked at me with such warning and determination that he would fight me if necessary. Sulpicia's hair whipped around as he turned her away from me. Me , her own husband! As I crouched, I singled the guard to stay behind, I wanted this filth to pay, and I was the one going to do it, not the guard. I needed satisfaction for such an act against me. Then just as I was going to spring, Alistair flipped Sulpicia behind him, protectively. "Aro stop, please!" Sulpicia begged me and I was struck speechless for a moment. I moved slowly so not to frighten them into a fight and stopped in front of Alistair. He went rigid, waiting for me to act. I stopped only for her, she had a way about her that made me listen at times, and I could not ignore her now. Not when she appeared so scared, so concerned, but it was not for me, it was for him. "Aro, he's my true mate! Don't kill him, please!" She called out to me as she pulled him to her, as close as he could get. At these words spoken by my love for over two thousand years, my world crumbled. NO! This can not be, not her! Anything but that! I thought agonized as I looked on my love with such sorrow that my eyes filled up with venom tears. She was clearly affected by my reaction, and wept for me in regret. My shoulders hunched and my raged dissipated. Then, replaced by the feeling of defeat. For who was I to stand in the way of true mates. It was rare and more important than any earthly marriage. I turned and waved my guard away. They slowly and reluctantly obeyed me, giving me that all too familiar pity look that I despise. When they left I turned to them. "Then I release you, Sulpicia. You may go with him and take all that you wish that belongs to you. Alistair, you might as well accompany us home." Alistair looked unsure of my sincerity, so I said then. "It's alright Alistair, and I'm quite sane so I will not harm either of you. I am not above the natural law among us and will not keep her from you. She now belongs to you. If it makes you feel better, you can travel with Sulpicia alone, and I will have the guards prepare all her things for you when you arrive. Will that be acceptable?" I asked then seeing him nod in agreement Back at Volterra castle, Sulpicia and Alistair stood together then came to us, after she got all her things in Alistair's car. My guard and brother's were all assembled to bid her farewell. As she stepped to hug my them all, I looked at her face; she was sorrow stricken and I knew she loved us but nothing can stand in the way of true mates, nothing. As she came to me, I fought the urged to grab her and keep her with me, but I just hugged her. Then I let my heart run away with her as she went. She's really gone. Back to the present... I look at the vacant seat once more, than I sighed; leaning back. Caius turned his head in my direction and frowned at my face, as it no doubt, reflected how I felt. I felt lost. Marcus...I know your pain, dear one. In Marcus's room: His POV... My thoughts dwelled on her. Her beautiful face filled my mind and sent me reeling into despair. All I could think about was that night. It was a horrible night as the stormed raged. The memories play over and over like a movie from the twilight zone that will never end. I was indeed a tortured soul, and I feel as if nothing will save me, Save me from the endless pain of loss. The only thing I have now are the memories. The memories are the very ghosts of the mind. Haunting one's heart, lingering with unrest. Back in time about 500AD, Volterra, Italy... Didyme's POV. The candle glow is the only thing that lights my room, for the night came too quickly to our city. I lay on the canopy bed that I share with my mate. My thoughts are consumed about my love. He is now away in battle without me, in a land I've never been. I had my doubts, and the feelings of dread disturbs my peace as I try my best to keep my mind calm. I shut my eyes, as if I could shut out the thoughts, but I was fighting a losing battle. A sudden strong gust of wind caught my attention as my ears picked up on the distant thunder of the approaching storm. I sat up in alarm and rose from my bed. I was disappointed that the intrusive sound disturbed the musings of my love, Marcus. The harsh wind blew in and stirred the candle flames casting eerie shadows, causing them dance along my stone walls. I move over to the window as I heard the loose shutters bang with a ruckus against the castle's outer wall. The curtains billowed around me as I walk through , spreading them open. I reached to retrieve the shutters as they flapped violently in the wind. I caught them and pulled them to close as the lightning flashed then lit up my room with its harsh sudden streak. I turned to my lonely room again and walked to the bed. Not knowing what to do, I just sat down. My nerves frayed to the thought of the battle that waged on, somewhere over Romania. My sisters and I were left here in the safety of our castle. My brother Aro thought it best that we stay out of the conflict. I know my brother means well, but staying here wondering and waiting was driving me mad with anxiousness. Surely we wives possess some skill to be of help to our husbands and our coven in a fight. I'd rather be in danger by his side then here, battling this ominous fear; shadowing over me. I stood pacing the royal quarters now, twisting my fingers like my guts were inwardly. My thoughts lingered on the memory of his face. My Marcus. His eyes told the whole story of how he felt as I gazed into them longingly before he set out for his mission. His red ruby eyes swam in emotion as he saw my sorrow. He leaned his forehead against mine, and I felt even more connected with him. As he held me close, I felt our bond strengthen, making me wrap myself around him in a desperate hug. He pulled me closer still as I let out a cry of distress as Aro said it was time to go. Marcus purred and the rumble in his chest calmed me somewhat. Eventually, I pulled back and let my love go. He looked at me his last after we shared a passionate kiss then flitted off with my brothers and the guard. Only Corin and my sisters were left home. A sudden clatter somewhere below at the entrance of the castle shook me out of my thoughts. Doors opening and closing echoed in the corridors. I stood in alarm as the fast approaching foot falls could be heard as they made their way to the royal wings. Low murmuring drifted to my ears as they came towards my chambers. A harsh knock caused me to jump at its abruptness. "Come in." I carefully called in fear of who it could be. The door swung open and hit the wall with force as two members of my husband's guard flitted in front of me. They were cloaked so I could not see their faces for they stood beyond the candle glow and their faces were hidden in shadow. I did see however; in one of their hands was a letter. He slowly raised it for me to take and I found myself struck immobile with fear. Why a letter? At this hour? My hands shook as I found the courage to move to take the letter from the guard's outstretched hand. I turned it over and found the official seal of the Volturi and broke it. I unfolded the letter and read the news. The thunder cracked violently overhead as the wind blew open the shutters again causing my thin white night-gown to wrap around my porcelain white legs. If I were human I would be cold to the bone. As I took in the weight of the words I read, I felt a cold chill that was