Chapter 1: Making Plans Summary: Bella is finally gaining her independence after seven years of living with her green-eyed roommate. Eager to work and newly engaged, Bella discovers she has a marriage she never even knew about. What happens then? Edward does everything in his power to keep her with him. AH/ Canon A/N: I lied! Haha. I'm sorry. I just had to. Yeah,I know I said one month, but here's the thing(s). Studying for state competition for 4-H U, maid of honor for my sister, future Nienie (aunt) of a wonderful little unborn boy named Owen, finally getting inspiration for my original story (not ready to share that with y'all anytime soon: sorry), babysitting, and the possibility of getting a second job working as a tour guide at a plantation. Not to mention that my junior year schedule has just gone to crap. On a happier and more informative note… And in the winter night sky ships are sailing, Looking down on these bright blue city lights. And they won't wait, and they won't wait, and they won't wait. We're here to stay, we're here to stay, we're here to stay. King and Lionheart by: Of Monsters and Men "I can't thank you enough, Edward. Really. You didn't have to do this." Bella thanked Edward for the umpteenth time that day. Edward rolled his eyes at her. "It's only while you're in college. Besides, it gets boring all alone up here in the city." Bella smiled at him and gave him another hug. "Still. You have no idea how much this means to me." ~~Seven Years Later~~ Bella woke up that morning with an extra spring in her step. Everything seemed to be going perfectly well for her. Everything except for her career status, but that was changing today. She just had that feeling. When Bella first graduated college, she thought that she surely had a job in the art world available with her double major of Art History and General Business. She was beyond wrong. Everyone said the same thing when they turned her down. "You seem like an eager young women, but we are looking for someone with more experience." Those comments always made Bella roll her eyes. How in the hell am I going to freaking experience if you don't give me a job? She digressed. Bella got out of her bed and walked into her bathroom and sighed. The nice bathroom and bedroom she lived in only made her happier about her job opportunity. She had been living with her older brother's best friend since she first started college. Edward Cullen had truly been a godsend. She had met him her freshman year of high school, and she was closest to him out of all of the friends her older brother, Emmett, had. When he learned that she was attending college near to his house, he let Bella move in with him at a rock bottom rent price. He didn't want her to pay rent at all, but she insisted. She was happy that she was finally able to help with more of the bills and groceries around the house. The thought of finally being able to leave behind waiting tables, bartending, and dog-sitting for people she hated was freeing and sent Bella into fits of giggles. Bella got dressed in a high-waisted black skirt, a nice, black silk shirt, and finished the look with the silver jewelry and royal blue heels for a pop of color. I am graceful. I am mature. I am ready, willing, and able to take this job. Bella kept chanting her inner mantra over and over as she walked down the stairs to the kitchen. Edward was leaning against the counter reading a file when Bella walked into the kitchen. He looked up at her and smiled. She had been going on and on about her interview for weeks. He liked seeing her so excited and hoped that the smile would stay on her beautiful face. "How do I look?" Bella asked, twirling in her clothes for Edward. "Great. You know, Bella, you really don't have to be doing this. I could easily just get you a job at the office." Bella rolled her eyes and started to gather her coat and purse. "Not likely. I don't need you, Emmett, Jacob, or anyone else taking care of me, Edward." It was Edward who rolled his eyes at that comment. Not because of what was said, but because of the name that had been in the sentence. Jacob. He was punk and no good for Bella. Edward hated… no he loathed Jacob Black with every fiber of his being. And the fact that the Black and Cullen Corporations had been fighting for years had only added onto his disdain for the boy. The thought of Bella getting her heart broken by a playboy like him had Edward just itching to punch Jacob in his smug-looking face and pull Bella into his arms. "Yeah, okay, Bells." He said and held out a thermos of her coffee of choice: caffeinated with half of a tablespoon of vanilla creamer, a tiny bit of milk, and one packet of Splenda. Bella smiled, looking sheepish. "What would I do without you?" "Die, most likely." Edward chuckled. She kissed Edward on the cheek before skipping out of the house where her worn out Firebird was sitting in the driveway. Bella had been having the same tan Pontiac since she was sixteen. That car was her most prized possession, mostly due to the fact that she had worked her tail off to save enough money for a down payment and loan payments. The coffee was just the extra jolt she needed. In conjunction with the fact that Christmas music had finally made it to the radio, she was positively glowing by the time she got to the museum. Bella had no idea where her newfound confidence had come from, but she thanked God for the much-needed boost. She only hoped that the confidence she felt stayed and was evident in her face throughout the entire interview. Edward walked out of the elevator, greeting people as he walked by to his corner office. Edward wouldn't lie if someone asked him. His job had been handed to him on a ruby accented-silver platter… along with the matching utensils. Still, that did not mean his job was always sunshine and roses. The Cullen Corporation was one of largest companies in the United States when it came to marketing and advertising. People were begging to be on the client list, which only consisted of some of the highest-ranked companies in the States. He had inherited the job straight out of college from his grandfather when he retired. Edward's father was happy as a surgeon at one of the hospitals in Houston, and Edward's older, gypsy-like brother, Jasper, wanted nothing to do with the job. That only left Edward and his little sister, Rosalie, as candidates. And when Grandfather Cullen asked Rosalie if she was interested in being co-president with Edward, she laughed, saying she was too ' common - senseless' for a job like that. After Grandfather Cullen heard that comment, Edward basically had no choice in the matter. Being the middle child kind of sucked like that sometimes. "What's on my schedule today, Carmen?" Edward asked his secretary before he walked into his office. "Constant meetings until lunch. Then, you're free." Edward made a face. "Okay. Then, hold my calls until lunch unless their emergencies. Thanks, Car." He called and walked into his office, tossing his briefcase onto the sofa against the wall. He then sat down at his desk and looked out of the window-wall at Houston. It was another foggy morning. Another one of those days, Edward thought to himself as he took in the view below him. He smiled softly as the bright lights that peaked through the dense fog. They were just like her eyes- bright and vibrant and proving the life that can hide amongst the darkness. Edward's first meeting arrived, and he turned from the dreary fog to his computer. One of those days, indeed... Bella hopped, skipped, and jumped her way to the car after her interview at the museum. Apparently, she had done so well that they chose to hire her on the spot. She was the newest assistant to the main art curator at a popular art museum in the heart of Houston. It was something small, but it was a step that got her that much closer to being where she wanted to be. Once she was in her car, she squealed and grabbed in her phone to call Jacob. "Hey, beautiful," Jacob greeted. Bella could hear the smile in his voice, causing her own smile to surface. "I got the job!" "Seriously? Bell, that's great. I'll take you out tonight to celebrate." He promised. "You don't have to do that." "Yes, I do. Be ready for seven." Bella could hear someone calling Jacob's name in the background and then a huff from her boyfriend. "I have to go, but I'll see you tonight, okay? I love you." "I love you, too. Bye." Bella said and hung up after Jacob. After that, Bella called Edward, but had to leave a message after Carmen snottily told her that he was a meeting. She rolled her eyes as she hung up the phone. She never did like Carmen. However, Bella was not letting it get to her. Nothing could ruin her day. When Edward's last meeting finished, he called Bella to see how her interview had gone. When she informed him that she had, in fact, received the job, he offered to go out to lunch with her to celebrate. She agreed to meet him at their favorite diner a few miles away from Edward's office. "So, were you nervous?" Edward asked as he and Bella sat down at a table that sat isolated in the corner of the diner. "Actually, no. I can't believe that I wasn't. I don't know if it was adrenaline or if I'm just getting used to the entire interview process." Bella laughed and stirred her mocha latte. Edward smiled that crooked smile that always made Bella's heart lurch. She hated the feeling it gave her. Jacob's smile made her happy, but it didn't give her butterflies like Edward's. She chose to ignore that feeling. She was happy with Jacob, and it was not like a man like Edward would go for a girl like Bella. "Well, I'm glad it's all working out for you, Bella." "Maybe now I can finally get out of your hair." Bella joked. Edward rolled his eyes. "Bella, I really don't mind you living with me. Besides, that house is too big for just me anyway." "Then maybe that means we should find you a woman, Mr. Cullen." "Okay, Esme . Sure, so what, are you going to set me up with a 'nice, young woman who would do me good'?" Edward mimicked his mother's sweet, motherly voice. Bella giggled at Edward's foolishness and took a sip of her coffee. The waitress walked up, took their order, and walked away. "So, are you going out tonight to celebrate?" Edward asked after a few moments of a comfortable silence. "Yeah, um, Jacob said he's taking me out, so I won't be home for dinner." Bella could practically feel the ager radiating off of her companion. The tension was tangible. "Oh, stop being such a hot-shot exec." "I'm just worried about you, Bella. I would hate to see you get hurt because of a guy like him." "Please, enlighten me, Edward. What type of guy is he?" Bella asked, growing angrier by the moment. "Not the kind you can trust." Bella's heart broke at the honest on her best friend's face. "Why not?" Her voice cracked as she asked the question, afraid of what Edward saw and what she didn't. "He just doesn't seem