Author's Note: I saw this idea floating around the Net and decided I had to try it for myself. For those following my fem Ichigo story? Don't worry. Not abandoning it. But if I only have one idea going at once, I go a little stir crazy, so for now I'm switching between this story and fem Ichigo. I don't want to get tired of either tale, so I plan on bouncing from one to the other. With that being said... The Three E's Chapter One Aberforth Dumbledore - yes, from that Dumbledore family, he often grumbled - watched with suspicion as his famous elder brother ghosted into The Hog's Head Inn. It was a cold winter's night in 1979, and Albus was wearing a cloak and pointed hat ostensibly to disguise himself, though in reality rather the opposite effect was had. The pointed hat was purple and the cloak was shimmering silver. Albus always had liked that extra effect. Brushing off snow, he looked as usual totally out of place at The Hog's Head, a tall and forbidding sooty-bricked sort of place right on the edge of Hogsmeade, the inside composed of a small, dingy room lined with equally sooty windows and filled with candles dying slow, melting deaths on plain wooden tables. Albus walked right up to Aberforth, openly revealing his gleaming spectacles and his long auburn beard going silver. "Nice job disguising yourself," Aberforth muttered, going back to polishing his glass behind the bar. Albus looked pointedly at the spotted cloth. "That looks rather unsanitary." "You know, I did arrange this meeting spot for you," said Aberforth in irritation. "Yes, and I placed you here," Albus smiled. "So you could -!" Aberforth began in a hiss. He looked around and whispered mutinously, "So you could spy on people." Aberforth and Albus were unalike in everything but appearance. They had the same auburn-silver hair and beard, the same glasses, the same piercing blue eyes. But Aberforth dressed himself plainly, spoke plainly, and did not carry the same shining, carefully fortified gleam that Albus possessed. His beard was short, fluffy, and wiry; his glasses were murky; his attire consisted of a coat and boots. Albus was bookish; Aberforth preferred a duel; from the beginning it was not meant to be. "Hm," said Albus simply. "Where is she?" Aberforth smirked and pointed. Sitting uncertainly at a table in The Hog's Head, looking around herself and clutching a bejeweled handbag lined with fake jewels, was a woman. She did not look to be much. Frizzy brown hair, pale translucent clammy skin, countless shawls and bangles, enormous thick round glasses. "Oh, God," said Albus, and Aberforth chuckled. "I warned you," he said simply. "Divination my arse. Sybill Trelawney wouldn't know a real prediction if it bit her in the -" "Yes, that's quite enough Aberforth, I do indeed share your reservations," said Albus in a highly displeased voice. "What do you think would happen if I just… never showed up to the interview?" he added longingly. "She'd tell the press," said Aberforth readily, "that Albus Dumbledore offered to interview her for the position of Hogwarts Divination instructor and then never showed up." Aberforth made a shooing motion in Madame Trelawney's direction with his hand. Albus sighed, braced himself, and walked over. "Ms Trelawney, is it?" The woman gave a great, gasping start and looked around. Then immediately she rallied and said in a low, spooky, enchanting voice, "Ah, Albus Dumbledore. Yes, the Fates foretold me that you would know the owner of this pub…" "I'm sure they did," said Albus flatly, motioning with a hand toward the staircase. Lovely, she was an eavesdropper. "If we could please?" They started toward the staircase, watched from the shadows by a yellow-skinned man with greasy black hair and a hooked nose. The man glanced around, then scuttled up the stairs after them, prowling. Aberforth watched, his eyes narrowed. Albus and Sybill Trelawney sat down across from each other at a small table inside a tiny single room in The Hog's Head. The window was closed, snow encrusted, just dark enough not to let in much moonlight over the stiff, cold bed, which was decorated with a dull, olive green cover. A candle burned between Albus and Sybill. "So. Ms Trelawney. Granddaughter of the famous Cassandra Trelawney. You claim you can see predictions," said Albus, beginning the professor's interview. "Ah, yes, I am in regular contact with my grandmother," said Sybill in a ghostly, airy voice, knowing full well her grandmother had been dead for fifteen years. "Oh, really? What does she say?" Sybill paused. "E-excuse me?" "Your grandmother. I do miss her dearly at times. What sorts of things does she say?" Albus rolled his shoulders, smiling cheerfully, waiting. "W-well… well… she said you wouldn't agree with this interview, Professor Dumbledore… that you do not believe in the Fates…" "She knows me that well, does she?" "Yes, Professor Dumbledore…" "I've never met your grandmother." Sybill stopped cold. "And unless you can tell me a real prediction, I'm afraid I'm going to have to leave." "I - I refuse to do predictions on order like that," said Sybill, straightening and flushing. "Oh, you do? You did not foresee that as a Hogwarts Divination professor you might be required to show some actual Divination?" Sybill had gone very red. Albus sighed and stood to his feet, turning to leave. "Alright, Sybill. We'll try again another year -" "The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches… Born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies…" Albus turned back around sharply, listening. Sybill's mouth was agape, her eyes rolling around in her skull, the whites showing. Hoarse, harsh words issued from her drooling mouth. She looked almost to be having a seizure, except for what she was saying. Albus sat back down and listened very closely - and so, leaning forward, did Severus Snape, a spy for the Dark Lord, who was out on the landing. Just then, Aberforth stormed in on Severus listening. "Spy in my pub, will you!" he roared, grabbing Severus by the collar. "No - no - wait -" But Severus Snape was arrested down the stairs and thrown out of the pub into the cold, snowy night air. "And stay out!" Aberforth shouted, slamming the door and leaving Severus lying there. After a moment, he stood, and Apparated away. The Dark Lord had to know. But Albus was inside the pub, trying very hard to listen to the rest of Sybill Trelawney's prophecy, leaning forward to hear her. He'd gotten the first part: The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches, born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies. Simple enough. There were only two children being born in wizarding Britain who fit that bill, both boys: Neville Longbottom and Harry Potter. But what about the rest of it? "And the Dark Lord shall mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not… And either one must kill the other, for neither can live while the other survives… The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies…" Albus sat back, thinking. What he didn't expect was for Sybill to keep talking, still in that same strange, hoarse voice. He looked up in sharp surprise. "The Chosen One shall be aided in his quest by others… A girl born with the moon's name and a girl born with Guinevere's, neither of whom will grow up as named, shall be raised as the Chosen One's sisters, not of blood but then of blood, marked as equals as well… These three shall in turn be aided by the son of a Death Eater, a plain Muggleborn… and another incarnation of the Dark Lord himself…" Sybill suddenly sagged, gagged, and sat upright, snorting as if she'd dozed off. "So - so sorry - what's going on?" She looked around, caught off guard. Albus did a quick Legilimency scan over her mind, and it came back positive. Sybill Trelawney had no idea she was a real Seer, and no concept of the import of what she had just said. "Professor Trelawney." He held out his hand and beamed. "I'd like to offer you a job." Sybill was disbelieving, but delighted. He shook her hand, said all the right things, and insisted in a sprightly sort of way that she simply must move into the castle tonight. Then when he'd hurried back down the stairs, he went directly to Aberforth. "You'd better not have said anything important in there," said Aberforth immediately. "I found Severus Snape lurking out in the hall." Albus nodded absently, as if he'd already guessed. Which, even Aberforth could admit, he usually had. "Sybill Trelawney is being moved into Hogwarts tonight," Albus said quietly. "Please… ensure that she gets there safely." Aberforth looked curious, but he nodded. Albus bent over the black Pensieve bowl that night, watching the memory of Professor Trelawney's prediction swirl around within it. He'd analyzed every line, and was fairly certain he'd ascribed significance to every detail. The first part of the prophecy, that was simple. One of the two boys - Harry Potter or Neville Longbottom - would now be chosen by the Dark Lord Voldemort. Who had heard the first part of the prophecy from Severus Snape. Voldemort would unknowingly handpick his own worst enemy, thinking he was destroying that enemy instead of creating it. The only power that Voldemort didn't know was that of Light and Love; any fool could recognize it. So there would be an epic battle of Light and Dark, and one party had to kill the other party, as long as both parties continued to ascribe meaning to the prophecy. But then there were the Others. The aides in the Chosen One's quest. Harry Potter was not due to be born with sisters. At least, not biological ones. However… Albus did know of two other Light families. The Lovegoods were due to give birth to a girl named Luna, and the Weasleys were due to give birth to twins - one of which was going to be a girl named Ginevra. They were the two most unlikely families one could think of, but all the signs fit. It had taken Albus a while to figure the next part out, but it all came to him in a moment. His role in the affairs. Ginevra and Luna could not be raised as Ginevra and Luna. They had to be raised as the Chosen One's sisters, in order for the prophecy to be fulfilled. "Not of blood but then of blood" could refer to an adoption blood ritual, the other part to a changing of names. This was where the first two problems arose. First, that the Lovegoods and the Weasleys were not planning on giving up their daughters. And second, that he had to pick the right son. But Albus knew Tom Riddle, and he thought he could do that. Everyone would expect The Great Lord Voldemort, all capital letters, to choose the Pureblood. But The Great Lord Voldemort was a Halfblood named Tom Riddle who had once looked not unlike young Harry Potter was probably going to look. And Albus Dumbledore was almost one hundred percent dead-set sure he was going to choose Harry. So the three children, now siblings, would be marked together. The rest of it, he could not decipher. He had his suspicions about Horcruxes, but he could not conceive of any part of Voldemort consciously going against another part of Voldemort. And as for the Death Eater's son, the plain Muggleborn? It was hard to say. That was a lot of possibilities. But so the prophecy said, the three children stood the best chance together. He would have to try that. The Weasleys and the Lovegoods lived near each