Author's Note: Yes, yes, I know, another story. I have come to a realization about myself. Let me explain. I have an anxiety disorder. So when I post a story before it's completed, I become anxious and obsessive, use up all my energy too quickly, feel too much pressure, and end up never finishing the story. I flit, as you've seen, from idea to idea, constantly anxious, never finishing a project. Well, that has to stop. So I have made a promise to myself - only one series or story at a time. And I'm only going to post a book or story after I've finished it. This is my brand new Harry Potter AU series, and I am going to try to see it through to the end. Just this. Nothing else. This prequel included, there should be eight books, each with its own separate story and document. I have completely finished the prequel - this story - and am now posting it. I will let you know via a post in this story when book one is up, but be warned. I have not started book one yet, and I do not plan on posting it until I've finished it. With that said, please enjoy this little prequel to my Harry Potter AU series. Chapter One Blue cloudless sky, hot sun, sucker punch, face eating ground packed dirt. Another day at school for nine-year-old Harry Potter. He barely had time to sit up, watching blood drip from his lip onto the school playground floor, before he scrambled up and tried to make another run for it. Piers Polkiss grabbed his arms from behind and hauled him around, facing Dudley Dursley. Piers pinned his limbs behind his back, even as Harry struggled, and Dudley sunk a fist into his gut, making Harry gasp and keel over, feeling nauseous. Then there was another blow across the chin that would leave a blue and purple bruise and sent Harry's head flying back. Piers was the scrawny rat, Dudley the gigantic bully. The other three were Dudley's personal cheering squad. Each had a perfect role in life, refined to a T, uniquely suited for their position. Harry was also the perfect victim. Quiet and small and scrawny, all bony knees and elbows, passive, more interested in running away than fighting, in baggy old secondhand clothes, his glasses taped up at the bridge because of all the times Dudley had punched him there. Dudley and his friends laughed and cheered as Dudley punched and punched Harry, a cruel grin eating away at Dudley's face. He leaned into Harry's ear and said, "You know what Mum and Dad call you, right? They say you're a freak. And that's what you are. You're a freak ." Dudley and Harry lived together. Harry was an orphan living with his aunt and uncle; Dudley was his cousin. Hot, helpless rage filled Harry - and then in a great explosion all the other boys had been thrown backward by some invisible force. They skidded backward on their behinds, looking up in shock. "You - you're doing your freak thing again, aren't you?!" Dudley snarled. Harry was staring. "I - I don't know what happened, I've told you, I don't -" Strange things often happened around Harry, and he was always accused of making them happen, which just wasn't true. He didn't will anything to occur. Perhaps the wind had knocked Dudley and his gang back? It seemed the only rational cause. (This was how Harry protected himself. He told himself he wasn't causing these things, so he couldn't control whether or not they happened.) As Dudley stood up and stalked toward him, ruddy fury in his expression and his eyes gleaming, all Harry could think was that Dudley would tell on him. Harry would be sent home with a note and his aunt and uncle would lock him away in the cupboard under the stairs with the spiders again. Possibly with no meals. And all over something he hadn't even really done. Dudley kicked at Harry's shins and knocked him to the ground, scraping blood along the dirt again. Then he stepped on Harry's arm so hard it fell behind him, there was a large crack, and hot debilitating pain filled Harry's arm. He let out a single noise of agony. All the other children on the playground had gone silent, watching fearfully, as always afraid of getting too close to that odd Harry Potter for fear of being beaten up themselves. This was how it always worked. Dudley and his gang always chased Harry, Harry always ran away, Harry was caught and beaten, Dudley was never punished at home or even seriously at school by apathetic teachers. That was life. Then: " Dudley Dursley!" The new teacher, Harry registered distantly through his crippling, hazy pain. A young Asian American woman fresh at her first teaching job at St Grogory's Primary School. Miss Hanzen. "He - he was trying to hurt me, Miss Hanzen, I -" "Can it, Dursley, I saw the whole thing," came Miss Hanzen's voice flatly. "All of you, come with me." She spoke with the furious idealism of the young, unembittered, and unjaded. Then suddenly there was a hand lifting Harry up. His good arm was slung over Miss Hanzen's shoulders, and he stumbled his way toward the school nurse's office, Dudley's gang moving uncertainly behind them, through the double doors and inside the school building, down screechy linoleum hallways. Harry saw Dudley smirk and move to make an invisible kick at Miss Hanzen's behind. His friends snickered, but said nothing. Harry was dropped at the nurse's office. "I - I think my arm is broken," he managed. Miss Hanzen and the school nurse shared a look Harry couldn't decipher. He must look awful, he decided. "Very well, then, let's get you cleaned up," said the nurse kindly, leading him behind a screen into the back. She sat him down on her rock-hard bed, gave his arm a cast, swabbed and patted and cleaned him up as nicely as she could. She didn't say a word the entire time, and in the soothing silence, with Dudley and his aunt and uncle gone, Harry finally started to relax. Dudley Dursley and his gang followed Miss Hanzen down the hall toward the headmistress's office. "Miss -" Dudley began at last. "Silence, Dursley. What you did was absolutely unacceptable," said Miss Hanzen frigidly. Dudley's face reddened and his eyes narrowed. They entered the headmistress's side office, the secretary sitting at her desk. "I need to see the headmistress," said Miss Hanzen. "Extremely urgent." They were let within, and Miss Hanzen said without preamble, "Dudley Dursley had been bullying his cousin." Dudley rolled his eyes and scoffed, looking away. The headmistress's eyebrows rose. She was a stiff, dignified older woman - the kind who still wore lace collars and brooches. "Harry Potter? You know, we've been having problems with him. Odd incidents of misbehavior. He once climbed onto the roof of the school kitchens, if you can believe that." Dudley knew this wasn't entirely true - his cousin had floated during a beating onto the roof of the school kitchens. Then the little dork had tried to blame the whole thing on wind currents. Even Dudley was smarter than that - smart enough to his know his cousin was a weirdo. But he said nothing. That information was only for his parents and their cupboard punishments. "I think he may have been trying to escape his cousin, ma'am," said Miss Hanzen. "I watched from a window. With no provocation, those boys chased Potter across the playground, punched him, grabbed him, pinned him down, beat him up, and broke his arm. He's in the school infirmary right now, having a cast put on." The headmistress was silent for a long time. "This is very serious," she said at last, quietly, her hands crossed. "Mr Dursley. Anything to say?" Dudley shook, face reddening - his friends backed away - and he started a tantrum. At nine years old, he started a toddler era tantrum. Screaming incoherently, his fists flailing, he sent papers everywhere, sent a vase crashing and an end table falling over, pounded on the headmistress's desk. He made a horrible racket. He was crying and screeching and screaming. "Mr Dursley! Mr Dursley!" said Miss Hanzen, the headmistress standing in alarm. Teachers came running. It took two grown men to hold down Dudley Dursley. "Mr Dursley, you are already on academic probation for poor grades," said the headmistress coldly, her eyes flashing as she loomed over him. "You have now been accused of breaking a fellow student's arm, you have damaged headmistress property, and you have displayed marvelous mental instability. "You and your friends are hereby expelled from St Grogory's. And no amount of crying and screaming will change my mind. "I am sending you all to the local problem school for juvenile delinquents, and I am recommending that you in particular see a psychiatrist. It is my professional opinion as a former instructor that you badly need one." "But - but -" Dudley stared up at her, horrified. "But Harry's the one you're supposed to be punishing. Not me!" "This time, Mr Potter did nothing wrong," said the headmistress coolly. "He is a B student and the worst thing he's ever done is try to climb a school building once when he was seven. Perhaps away from you. I suppose I should have thought of that. He's also quiet and self controlled. "Something that cannot be said for you, Mr Dursley," she whispered into his horrified face. For once, Dudley Dursley's fearless gang looked terrified. Harry stood in front of his uncle in the living room that night, being yelled at. The Dursleys' house was a nice, spacious two story suburban one, full of soft rugs, elegant furniture, and gleaming surfaces, paid for by Uncle Vernon's corporate job - hence his suit and tie. "I don't know how you did it, but you've ruined Dudley's school career for him!" Uncle Vernon boomed, his ruddy face slowly going purple and a tic going in his temple. "I'll have you know if I decided to beat you, you'd fully deserve it!" Harry was staring at the floor. He muttered something. "What was that?!" Uncle Vernon snapped. Harry sighed. "He broke my arm," he said, louder, but still quiet. "And then he had a tantrum in the headmistress's office. That's why he was expelled." Between his uncle - who was also quite large - and his cousin, Harry had mastered speed and good reflexes. So he managed to duck out of the way of Uncle Vernon's arm in time just as he reached for his collar. He backed up, fast, as Uncle Vernon advanced on him, until his back hit the wall. Uncle Vernon got very close into his face. "So you expect me to believe you're the innocent party?!" he spat. "My poor Duddy is going to a school with awful children!" Aunt Petunia wailed, clutching at Dudley. "He's a boisterous boy, but he wouldn't hurt a fly!" She glared at him. "You must have done something, boy!" "Precisely," Uncle Vernon growled. They all seemed to be ignoring the cast on Harry's arm. "Go to your cupboard. Stay there. No meals." Harry slid sideways along the wall, and scampered off into his cupboard. His bruises and swelling lip were already healed. The arm, he knew, would heal in the next few days. Harry had always healed from things unnaturally well and unnaturally fast. He sat in his cupboard in the darkness, getting lost in his own thoughts. Strange things were always happening to him. Once, Aunt Petunia, sick of Harry's messy hair, had shaved all his hair off. He'd hated the haircut, but for some reason it had all grown back overnight. Another time, a teacher had been making fun of him in class and her hair had suddenly turned