Well, this is chapter one of the revamped version of Heir of Slytherin. It's taken me a lot longer than even I had anticipated, but I'm confident enough that I can keep this going that I'm posting this first chapter now to see what you all think of it. I've changed things obviously from the original. I've changed the name of Harry's sister to something that flows a little better, deaged her, and then added a whole new character! Why? Because I didn't feel right with Sirius not having a kid and I always imagined him having a daughter. I'm not really that far ahead of things, not like I wanted to be at all. I've gotten as far as chapter 3. But life just keeps getting in the way. Got a new job so for the next ten weeks while I train, writing time will be little to none. But once I get to me real schedule (4pm to midnight) I'll have more time to write. I'll try for a once a month posting schedule but I make no promises. I hope you guys enjoy this. I do not own Harry Potter! Albus Dumbledore had just had a very long night, possibly the longest in his entire life. He sighed as he moved past the gargoyle that guarded the entrance to his office and trudged up the staircase to the door. Frank and Alice Longbottom were dead, leaving Neville to live with his Grandmother Augusta. She was a fierce woman but Albus had no doubt that she would raise him well. Voldemort had indeed gone after the Potters, they had been betrayed. "Black, why?" Albus walked through the door and sat down in his chair, not at all noticing the man that sat across from him until he looked up. He started. "Edward! You gave me a start." The only son of Voldemort smiled sadly. "You were so deep in your thoughts." "Yes well, a lot has happened. Sirius' betrayal, the Longbottoms' death, and Voldemort's destruction." Edward shook his head. "Sorry Headmaster but you've got one bit wrong. Sirius switched roles with Peter to throw Voldemort off, not that it matters since Peter was the traitor the whole time." Albus was gob smacked. "Why was I not informed?" "We figured the less that knew the better. Remus didn't even know. We were obviously wrong in that and it's a bloody disaster." Albus massaged his brow, a disaster indeed. "Where is Sirius now?" "He's with James until things at the Ministry calm down." Albus had a disapproving look on his face. "You should have told me, we may have been able to avoid this mess." "Maybe, maybe not. But we'll never know for sure now. The best we can do at this point is to rebuild." The old man sighed. "Indeed, and what a process we have in front of us." "Plus, we both know that my father isn't really dead." "No, I'm afraid not. He has been reduced to a wraith. How he achieved this, I cannot tell you." "I assume that you have some idea as to where to start on finding the answer." "Oh yes. In the meantime however, I am in need of a new Defense professor." Edward groaned. "This again." Albus smiled benignly. "Based upon the fact that Voldemort is not dead, we can assume that at some point he will attempt to return to power. When he does, I think it'll be prudent that the students are taught by someone who knows the ins and outs of defense, someone who will teach them what they need to know to face the upcoming war." Edward grunted. "Fine, I'll do it. You don't have to bloody guilt trip me over it." Albus beamed. "Very good Edward!" With a sigh, Edward accepted his new teaching position. 10 Years Later….. Harry Potter woke up in his large four poster bed with a grin on his face. Today was the day. He was finally going to Hogwarts! He leapt out of bed, throwing on a pair of slacks and a green button up shirt. He hurried down stairs to greet his parents and his sullen little sister, who still had one more year before she would be going to Hogwarts. James Potter was reading the Daily Prophet, a frown present on his face. He looked up and grinned when Harry entered the room, ruffling Harry's hair as he sat down. "Ready for your first year son?" "Yeah I am dad." Harry said with a grin on his face. "I can't wait!" Lily Potter walked into the room with a small smile on her face. "My baby is growing up!" She gripped Harry in a hug and dropped a kiss on his head. "Mum!" Harry protested as Emma giggled and Harry glared at her. Hogwarts…. Edward Riddle sighed as he went over what his teaching material for the upcoming year. He sometimes regretted taking Albus up on the teaching job, but he saw the need for it. Albus figured that Voldemort had cursed the job back when Albus turned him down for it. So Edward was really the only option for it, not that he wasn't well qualified for it. He had a mastery in the subject and no one had a larger cache of knowledge about the dark arts than he did except perhaps Voldemort himself. It was a convenient decision for Albus to make. Edward was the only option and he was the most qualified for the position. He frowned and kept going over his work. He really didn't love the paperwork portion of the job but he did enjoy imparting what he knew to the next generation. He was really looking forward to seeing how his God-Daughter performed. Sirius was an auror so he was confident that he had passed down some of what he knew. Harry would be much the same. 12 Grimmauld Place….. "Daaaaad!" Cassiopeia Marlene Black complained as Sirius messed up her blonde hair. She glared at her grinning father. "I just got done with my hair! Now I have to do it all over again!" She felt her hair fix itself and turned to see her grandmother, the graceful Walburga Black, pass by her. "Why do it the muggle way when you have magic?" Cassiopeia scowled. "Dad forbade me from using magic to do it. Walburga raised a brow at her son and he shrugged. "It builds character to do things the muggle way." The older woman rolled her eyes. "It's rather redundant Sirius. The fidelius charm covers our home which lets her use magic without ministry interference. Why work harder when you can save time with magic?" The father rolled his eyes. "Yes mother." Walburga winked at her granddaughter with a sly smile on her face. "Cassiopeia dear, you'd best eat and grab your trunk if we're going to meet the Potters at the platform." Cassiopeia had a huge grin on her face as she dug into her food. King's Cross…. On the platform, the boy who lived, Neville Longbottom, sighed as he said goodbye to his gran and climbed aboard the train. He pulled his trunk to towards the back of the train trying to keep his toad Trevor from escaping. He sat down and waited for the train to leave. He rearranged his hair so that his bangs covered up his lightning bolt scar. He hated his fame. His gran had taught him from a young age to use his fame accordingly, but to never allow it to go to his head. He had resolved to make his parents proud and allowing himself to get arrogant wouldn't do that. He had grown up around the Potters. Harry had been his friend for years along with Cassie. I wonder if we'll end up in the same house. Though both Harry and Cassie's parents were Gryfindors, they were very Slytherin. Neville wouldn't be surprised if that's where they ended up but he hoped they all ended up together. Suddenly the door slid open and a red headed boy walked in. "Mind if I sit here?" "Not at all." The boy sat down across from him and stuck out his hand. "I'm Ron Weasley." Neville shook it. "Neville Longbottom." The boy's eyes widened in shock. "Blimey. Can I see it?" Neville sighed and pulled his hair back to flash his scar. "Bloody hell mate. Sorry about that, I've always wanted to see it in person. I promise I won't ask again." "It's no problem." Suddenly the door opened and a bushy haired girl walked in, freezing at the sight. "May I?" Neville gestured for her to enter. "Sure. I'm Neville Longbottom and this is Ron Weasley." She stared at him for a moment, glancing at his forehead but thankfully, didn't say anything. "My name is Hermione Granger, and thanks." Further up the train, Harry and Cassie sat in their own car when a blond boy cautiously entered the car. "Do you mind if I sit in here?" "Sure Draco." Harry smiled at his friend. Draco snorted. "Bloody hell Potter, Black. I haven't seen you two in a long while." "Since the last bring your kid to work day." Cassie grinned and Harry laughed with Draco letting a small smirk grace his features. Draco heaved his trunk onto the top rack before sitting down across from his two friends. "Ready for Hogwarts?" "Of course we're ready. We've only been waiting for this since we were small children." Draco shrugged. "So what house do you reckon you'll go in? Father says I'll end up in Slytherin no matter what." Harry nodded. "Cassie's Godfather said that he had no choice in his placement either. But dad said that he got a choice. The hat normally gives you a say before it makes its final decision." Cassie nodded her agreement. "So how has your home life been?" The Malfoy heir shrugged. "Father and I still don't really get on all that well. I refuse to agree with his beliefs and that annoys him immensely." "That I can imagine!" Cassie laughed. Harry smiled supportively at his friend. "In the end, we have to be who we are, not who our parents are." "Well said Harry, who'd have thought that there was a brain inside that big head of yours." Cassie teased her friend. Harry scowled and mussed her hair causing the Black heiress to scowl and stick her tongue out at him. Draco laughed at the pair's antics. This only caused Cassie and Harry to turn their glares on him which only made Draco laugh even more. Hogsmeade….. Sirius Black and Edward Riddle sat at a corner table waiting for their butterbeers. "Can you believe they're school age already?" Edward smiled at his sullen friend. "Don't worry Padfoot, they'll be fine." Sirius waved him off. "Oh it's not that mate, but we're getting old you know." Edward rolled his eyes. "Don't be ridiculous. This is part of life." "But sometimes I wonder how I got so lucky, to be blessed with a daughter like Cassie." "You're a good man Sirius, you deserve a bit of happiness just like everyone else. You're too bloody hard on yourself sometimes." Sirius rolled his eyes. "What about you then? If I deserve happiness, then you deserve it for putting up with me." Edward smiled, thanked Madam Rosmerta for the butterbeer and took a drink, letting the conversation shift. "So, any luck with Peter?" Sirius rolled his eyes but his smile slid from his face. "Still nothing. You'd think it'd be easier to find him once we sent his description out." "You'd have him by now if you'd do as I suggest and release information about his animagus transformation." "Bloody hell mate, we've done that already." Edward frowned. "I thought that you hadn't, I guess bing cooped up at Hogwarts for most of the year has me lacking on information." Sirius nodded. "We've covered all of our bases mate, but do you know