Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. This is my first attempt at writing fanfiction. NGL...a little nervous, but what the hell. Here we go! ~~RESTORATION~~ It's Monday morning and my hand is still pushing open the door to the front office when I see Alice waiting to pounce. Ugh, can't I just have my morning Pepsi before being forced to deal with her? I don't drink coffee, but I need my caffeine regardless, and I cannot deal with her before I have that sweet synthetic energy coursing through my veins. Another long and restless night has me running late because I took extra time with my makeup this morning to hide the luggage under my eyes. "C'mon Bella, just do me this favor. The poor guy was locked up and surrounded by dick for almost a year! It's just sex, and God knows you need to get laid." Alice and I have been coworkers for a little over a year, and one thing I have learned is that she is persistent by nature. It's just who she is and I love her for it, but she's been pestering me ever since her brother came home from his government hosted vacation. "Keep your voice down! The last thing I need is our boss overhearing this conversation," I whisper-shouted, dragging her down the hall away from our boss's office. "He's not in yet. And don't try to change the subject, because I only speak the truth. You promised me you would think about it, Bella! We both know you need to get the D. Besides, you already told me you don't have any plans for Friday night." Who am I kidding? Alice is giant pain in the ass. And given everything I know about her, I don't know why I'm surprised she is trying to line up some pussy for her brother. " Fine ! OK, I will go out with your brother. On one condition. We make it a double date, with you and Jasper. And I'm not fucking him." I honestly don't know why I even tried to resist her in the first place. We both knew I was going to cave. "Yes, yes, yes!" she squeals, jumping around throwing fist pumps in the air. "Just let him touch your boobs. It's been so long that's probably all it will take anyway. For either of you." I give her the dirtiest look I can muster, but it only makes her laugh more. She is right about one thing, though, it has been a long time since I saw a dick up close and personal. I have to say, if it weren't for the whole "don't drop the soap" thing, I might be a little jealous of Edward. "You're a nut," I say, shaking my head at her. "I'm not making any promises, Alice. And let me just say that you trying to get your brother laid, is a little weird. Even for you." "What-ever, hooker. This is just as much for you as it is for him. You need to get back on that horse. I'll call Edward right now and let him know to buy some condoms." "Yeah, yeah...wait, what? Alice, don't you dare!" I call after her, but she's already gone, cackling all the way to her desk. She's seriously lucky I love her so much. A couple of months after I started working here, my douchebag of an ex, Garrett, broke up with me. Alice and I were already lunch buddies by then, so when I told her about how he had done me wrong she invited me to hang out. Since I have roommates, we usually ended up at her place, and that's where I met her boyfriend, Jasper. Not at all what I would have expected Alice's boyfriend to be like, but they complement each other nicely. He's mellow, she's hyper. No one can calm her down like he does. I swear it's his super power. After a while, she started with little hints here and there about her brother. She thought we would hit it off since according to her we have so much in common. The commonality being our mutual love of the ganja. I roll my eyes every time she tries to use that logic on me, especially since I don't really smoke that much anymore. To be fair, I know she worries about me. Ever since Garrett and I broke up, for the third and final time, I've been in a rut. A deep, dark, man hating, depressing rut. Bastard cheated on me, then lied to my face when I asked him point blank if there was someone else. School and work were taking up too much of his time according to him. He didn't think it was fair to me that he didn't have enough time for a relationship. The pathetic part is I probably would have left the door open for him to come back again if not for my friend Angela. She works at the video store in town and saw him renting movies with Kate Denali. The day after he broke up with me. Asshole. I later found out he had been sleeping with her for almost the entire span of our relationship. I will never understand what happened between us. Or why I let him walk all over me. I'm not ugly. People tell me I am pretty, and when I look in the mirror I don't shrink back from my own reflection. I'm not a prude. I love to have sex, and we did it a lot. I'm not kidding, we fucked like bunnies. There wasn't anything he wanted to do I wasn't at least willing to try. Except for bareback. He wanted to go without condoms, and I wouldn't. Thank God for that. I guess maybe I knew deep down that something wasn't right, and now thinking about the other places he was sticking his dick makes my skin crawl. Asshole. So, maybe Alice isn't completely misguided in her matchmaking attempt. I really do need to get laid A.S.A.P. That's probably what I miss the most about having a man, and probably why I kept going back to an obviously fucked up situation. Sex on a regular basis is a wonderful thing, and I will never take it for granted ever again. Regardless, I need to do something to get out of this rut. I'm reminded of something my dad used to tell me. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again the same way, expecting different results. Whatever I'm doing isn't working, so maybe it's time to try a new approach. I've never been on a blind date before, but is this a really a blind date? I ended up talking to Edward for a few minutes once when he called Alice's apartment and she was in the shower. She'd already filled me in on the details of her brother's incarceration. One more thing she and I have in common. My father spent time in prison for dealing drugs and stealing cars, so I don't judge. I have firsthand knowledge that once a convict does not mean always a convict. My dad cleaned up his act and left that life behind a long time ago, and from what I've heard, the experience seems to have been eye opening for Edward too. Apparently, joyriding and the thrill of stealing cars isn't worth the time that comes with being convicted of grand theft auto. Plus, I'm no angel myself, so it would be hypocritical of me to hold that against him. It also doesn't hurt that I'm a sucker for a guy who's a little rough around the edges. ~~Restoration~~ It's almost break time when an instant message from Alice pops up on my computer screen. Just got off the phone with E. Wants to know if the drive-in is OK? The drive-in? Whose idea was that? All HIS! Is he gonna pin me too? Before he tries to cop a feel? Please! Like you haven't been pinned to the backseat before...hahaha I'm flipping you off right now. Give him my number and tell him to call me with the details. OK, but let's all meet at my place. We can drink before we go and make the boys drive. Why do I feel like this night is gonna be trouble? Jasper and I will take his truck so you two can be alone to get freaky and steam up the windows! Shut up, whore. LOL But that's probably a good idea. :P ~~Restoration~~ After a long ass day at work, the only thing I want to do is chill out on my couch with some Chinese take-out and watch last night's episode of Once Upon a Time. I'm just about to press play, when my phone rings. Once...twice...three times and I'm ready to let it go to voice mail when I remember Edward is supposed to call me tonight. "Shit...I bet that's him." I mumble, answering the phone without looking at the caller ID. "Hello." "Hi...Bella? It's Edward." "Hey, how are you?" "Well, that depends on whether or not you think I am a total loser for letting my sister ask you out for me." He says. The straightforwardness of his response catches me by surprise, but I like it. "No, I don't think you are a total loser. I did tell her it was kind of weird that she was so...invested in your love life, though." "Does it surprise you? I mean this is Alice we're talking about." He points out with a deep laugh that makes me smile. "No, not surprised. I actually thought it was kind of sweet." I say. "Sweet, huh? I can live with that." "What are you up to tonight?" I can hear Foo Fighters playing in the background. Nice . "My buddy Emmett is here. We just finished lifting weights, and I planned on calling you after he left, but our workout ran longer than usual and I didn't want to call too late. I'm not keeping you from anything am I?" He asks. "Well, I was just about to spend some quality time with Captain Guyliner." Dinner is going to need reheating matter what, so I don't bother mentioning I was about to eat before he called. "Don't tell me you too? My sister is obsessed with that guy." He says. "Who do you think got her Hooked ?" I ask. "Oh God", he says with a groan. "That was really bad, Bella." "Yeah, I know, but you are so busted !" I can't help but laugh. "What are you talking about?" "How would you even know who I was talking about unless you watch it too?" I accuse. "Emma is hot!" He blurts out. "She is, but Killian...mmmm, I'm a sucker for a bad boy." "Is the guyliner a deal breaker?" "No, I suppose not." I sigh. "Wouldn't want you looking prettier than me." "From what I've seen, I don't think that's possible," He whispers. "What was that?" I ask. "I just meant that I've seen some pictures of you." "Oh, you have, have you? You know, I'm surprised we haven't run into each other at Alice's place now that you're home," I wonder why that is. "Yeah, since I'm staying with my parents I spend most of my time with them and working on my car." "They missed you a lot. I'm sure Esme is thrilled to have you so close." "You could say that." We both chuckle, because it is clearly an understatement. "I'm doing my best to stay out of trouble, and staying here makes it easier. For now at least." "You have a lot of people in your corner, Edward. Don't forget that." "I know; I'm very lucky. Not everyone is as forgiving, or understanding as my family is with me." He's quiet for a moment