And then… And then… Chapter 1 Arianna ran. She'd been running for two days, and hadn't stopped yet, but she was going good. In fact, she felt like she could keep going forever. She had always loved to run; it was time to think and a time not to think, depending on what she felt like at the time. It was better than on the river, where not thinking about things didn't work as there was nothing to distract you. But while running, they had interesting scenery and rocks to watch out for. She had to keep one eye on the tracks of the Uruk-hai they were following, and drink from the water skin she had hung from her belt for easy reach. She stopped. She looked around, then knelt down and put her ear on the ground. She closed her eyes and concentrated. She heard the footsteps of her companions first. Legolas ran at a steady pace, like her, and never seemed to tire. She heard him stop where she was, waiting for her update on their quarry. Aragorn, her twin brother, was next. He was able to run for long periods of time, but had never done anything of this magnitude before. He was starting to get a bit tired, she could tell. Although he hid it well, his footsteps had become heavier. He was about to join her and Legolas where they'd stopped. Gimli was starting to fall a bit behind. The first day, he had been able to stay with the group, despite his shorter legs. But the dwarf wasn't built for long treks in the wilderness, and was getting tired. His pace was steady, but he was slower, and his footsteps heavier than the rest of the groups. But he had kept his good humor, and didn't seem to mind…much. Arianna blocked out the sound of her companions, and found what she was searching for. The large group of heavy Uruk-hai was easy to spot from even a great distance. There was nothing else like them; their footsteps had a sort of hollow drumming sound. Their pace had been steady as well unfortunately. But they were slower than their pursuers and apparently hadn't realized that they were being tracked at all. She prayed that they wouldn't notice until it was too late and stood. A small owl landed on her shoulder. "Ery!" she said in surprise. "I thought we left you in the forest back there. You're not made for open land my friend." Erynion gave a happy chirp and stayed where he was. Legolas chuckled. "I don't think he'll ever stop following you, Firefly." "I've never had such a stubborn owl before, usually they're perfectly happy to be set free again." But she was smiling and she scratched the owlet on his forehead. "What about the Uruk-hai?" Legolas asked her. "They're still going steady but we're catching up. Come on!" she cried, encouraging the other two to hurry. Legolas took off after her, Aragorn sighed but continued running. He had just reached his sister and had been hoping for a breather. Gimli simply grumbled to himself and kept his pace. -- Pippin's arms ached. His wrists had been tied and he was hung around the neck of an Uruk-hai like a sack of potatoes. And the thought of potatoes almost made his stomach growl. Almost because the smell of their captors was enough to turn his stomach and make him lose his appetite. He turned and checked on Marina for the hundredth time in the past five minutes alone. She still hadn't woken up. The Uruks had hit her over the head after only a half an hour of traveling since she caused such a fuss. And she'd been knocked out since. Pippin was growing very worried about her and wished he could do something. As the group entered an area between two cliffs, Pippin called out to his friend. "Mari. Mari!" she didn't respond, just hung limply. The large group thundered to a halt and a few orcs came out of hiding. Pippin didn't pay attention to what they were saying, he was too busy calling to Marina. "Mari! Mari wake up!" he realized it was futile and turned to the Uruk who'd come to check up on them. "Please, my friend is sick. She needs water, please!" he begged. He was surprised at himself; he'd never been one to stand up to anyone, it had always been Marina who was the brave one. He realized that if he didn't take on her job for now though, that she may not live to ever be stubborn and brave again. The Uruk smiled and Pippin's hope faltered. "Sick is she? Let's give her some medicine boys!" he called out and the others cheered. Another Uruk grabbed Marina's chin and poured something that was not water down the poor girl's throat. She choked as Pippin protested. "No! Stop it!" he said, almost in a panic. The Uruk stopped as the leader bellowed laughter. "She can't hold her draught!" "Leave her alone!" Pippin cried out. "Why, you want some? Huh? Then keep your mouth shut." The Uruk-hai leader snapped and turned away back to the front of the line. Pippin turned back to Marina who was coughing slightly. "Mari?" he asked softly. Marina turned to him, slightly dazed still, but smiling at him. "Hello Pip." She said weakly. She licked her lips, grimaced, then wiped her chin on her shoulder the best she could to clean off the spilt liquid. "You're hurt." Pippin pointed out, worried. "I'm fine. It was just an act." She said. "An act?" Pippen asked, confused. "See? I fooled you too. You don't have to worry about me Pippin, I'll be fine." She said with a weak chuckle. Then she closed her eyes once again and fell asleep. Pippin allowed a soft sad smile to grace his features. He knew Marina too well to argue, but he also knew she was lying through her teeth. Even when she was hurt, she was still looking out for him. He smiled, and made a promise to himself that he wouldn't be such a burden on her any more. Then one of the Uruks gave a great sniff. "What is it, what do you smell?" one asked him. "Man-flesh." The Uruk answered. Pippin's eyes widened. "Arianna…" he whispered. "They've picked up our trail!" an Uruk shouted and signaled for them all to move out. Hope blossomed in Pippin's chest, knowing that the female ranger was hot on their trail. The least he could do was help her out. He angled his chin under the collar of the Elvin cloak which he'd gotten in Lothlórian. He gripped the leaf shaped broach in his teeth and tugged until it ripped from the fabric. He then spat it on the ground, hoping to show Arianna that she was going in the right direction. -- They ran through the night, Ery perched on Arianna's left shoulder, where he tucked his head under his wing, and slept. She was surprised he didn't fall off. The next morning, the sun came up brilliantly, inspiring them all and lending them strength. Once again, Arianna stopped and listened through the ground. She heard the Uruk-hai run, then stop for a few minutes. Puzzled, she heard others join them, but then they started running again, faster this time. She looked up from the ground. "Their pace has quickened, they must have caught our scent." She said. She turned to the others behind her. "Hurry!" she called, the urgency in her voice made them start going a bit faster, and they continued. Arianna heard Gimli start complaining. "Three days and nights pursuit…no food, no rest, and no sign of our quarry but what bare rock can tell." He said grumpily and out of breath. "I would suggest you listen to the bare rock, Master Dwarf," Aragorn told him, "And there's no better interpreter than Ari." Up ahead, Arianna laughed. She really loved this group; they had fun no matter what they were doing. They ran over the plains. They dodged large rock formations, some of whish were truly incredible, and ran along the edges of cliffs. Late that afternoon, they entered a valley. Arianna slowed and looked at the tracks. The ground was very soft, and there were Orc foot prints everywhere. It seemed they had stopped here. Something glinting drew her eye. She went over and knelt, picking up a brooch identical to her own. Shaped like a leaf and veined with silver, it shone in her hand, even through the mud caked on it. They had been a gift from the elves in Lothlórian forest and were not easily lost. A few threads of green were caught in the clasp. It hadn't been opened, simply ripped off of the cloak. "We were meant to find this. I can feel it. They know we're following, and Mari or Pippin is trying to show us that we're going in the right direction." Legolas stopped next to her. "They may yet be alive." He said hopefully. "I think they must be. The party is less than a day ahead of us, come on." She stood and started running again. Legolas and Aragorn followed close behind. "Come Gimli!" she heard Legolas say behind her, "We're gaining on them!" "I'm wasted on cross-country." The dwarf answered tiredly. "We dwarves are natural sprinters. Very dangerous over short distances!" She smiled and ran up the hill in front of her. At the top, she stopped and looked at the land before them. The others stopped next to her along the ridge. "Rohan." Aragorn told them. "Home of the horse-lords." "There's something wrong here." Arianna said quietly. "Some evil gives the Uruk-hai speed. They would normally be stopped by a patrol or something, but they're still going. Something here has set its will against us." Legolas had left in the middle of her muttering, and now stood on a ridge in front of them. "Legolas! What can you see?" she called to him. "The Uruks have turned northeast." He called back. "They're taking the hobbits to Isengard!" "Saruman." Gimli growled. Arianna looked at him and Aragorn put a hand on his shoulder. Then she started running again, passing Legolas, and they went down into the land of Rohan. They ran, and as the sun set, Gimli started muttering to himself. "Keep breathing, that's the key. Breathe! Hooh…" "They run as if the very whips of their masters were behind them." Legolas said. "Probably faster, we're a lot scarier." Arianna called back to him. She heard Aragorn laugh. "Yes, Ari, you are so very terrifying with that tiny owl on your shoulder." He said. Said owl suddenly took off, and dived at Aragorn. He yelled and almost fell backwards as Ery flew up from the ground, a dead vole in his mouth. Now Arianna laughed at him. "Well he certainly scares you, doesn't he?" she said to him, and laughed again as he grumbled to himself. -- Marina felt a sharp jolt as she was dropped onto the ground. Her arms tingled painfully from the sudden blood circulation and she groaned, hugging them close to her chest. One of the Uruks justified their stopping to the leader saying "We ain't goin' no further 'till we've had a breather." He said through heavy panting. The leader took a deep breath as well and ordered for a fire to be built. Marina heard Pippin crawl towards her. "Mari? Mari!" he whispered to her, sounding worried. She opened her eyes and rolled back slightly to see his face. She smiled at him, still dazed. "I think we might have made a mistake leaving the Shire, Pippin." She breathed. Pippin smiled back at her and she stretched her arms as best she could as they were still tied together. "I hurt something awful though. My arms are all pins and needles." Pippin crawled a bit closer