A/N: As I said before, the first five chapters belong to twilightlover212, and were not written by me. Neither one of us own the characters, books, or movies. Don't sue. A new face: "Alice!" I yelled enthusiastically Alice, my cousin, had flown in from DC to come and stay with me and the kids for the four years that she attended college. Lucky for her I happen to have a flat at the back of my yard or else she would have gone a lot crazier than her normal crazy. "BEllA!" she screamed, jumping up and down and clapping her hands together. After my divorce with James, I had reconnected with my family and friends whom James had said weren't good enough to be in my life and were just pouring poison in my ear about my marriage. After eleven years of marriage, I decided to grow a backbone and end our marriage, if you could even call it that. I watched as Alice danced her way over to me and nearly tackled me to the ground when she gave me a hard hug. "I've missed you so much! I'm so glad mom and dad had decided to let me attend Peninsula College and let me live by you." She cried. One thing about my cousin Alice Brandon she tended to be a bit dramatic at times. But I loved her anyway. "Good to see you too, Maggie was practically jumping around she was so excited that you are going to live with us." I laughed. " she kinda reminds me of you, when she acts like that!" She chucked and replied; "I'm excited to see my favourite girl cousin too!" she gave me a serious look for about a second and then burst out laughing the next. Some people get confused when I talk about my 18 year old cousin, when in fact I am a 36 year old divorced mother. The fact is that, Alice's mom is my dad's sister. My dad is in his sixties whereas her mother is in her forties. I grew up with her mother, so to speak. My dad moved to Forks after marrying my mom. This was round the time that Alice's mom was born. My parents married young. After Alice was born I visited a lot because I attended a college close to where they lived. I met James at the university; we got married two years after finishing our degrees. His in criminal justice and mine in journalism. After getting married I tried to stay in contact because James had moved us back to Forks but James had told me not to bother keeping in contact with my family because they weren't making an effort with me. And so I had lost contact with my family and Alice. While I was remembering all of this, Alice and I had moved to the car and she had placed all her bags in my trunk and was now standing in front of my waving her arms around like a lunatic. "Hellooo? Earth to Bella?" she said "Sorry Alice! Lost in thought! Let's go!" I said hastily. We climbed into the car and headed towards Forks. I turned the radio on and immediately Alice was bopping round singing with the music. I softly laughed to myself; Alice was exactly what the doctor ordered. After a few songs I turned the volume down to speak. "So, are you excited to go to college this summer?" She turned towards me and her whole face lightened up. Yip, she was excited alright. "Are you kidding me Bells? I'm ecstatic! It's going to be amazing! Well I am a little scared but mostly just excited! I feel like jumping up and down or screaming at the top of my lungs or something!" she laughed a bit hysterically. I laughed in return, this girl was either going to be a handful or a ton of fun to be around. I took a deep breathe in and out; I haven't felt such relief since the day that I told James that I wanted a divorce. I turned into my street and Alice let out a squeal. This fact should be known Alice had only been to my house a couple of times and when I say a couple, I mean twice. Alice lives on the other side of the continent, so it makes sense for us to barely see each other but Alice makes sure to keep in contact with me, be it via sms, or phone call, e-mail or whatever, she does it. "Ok, now before we reach your new home, I have something to tell you! Wait before you start jumping up and down again. I know that Port Angeles is about an hour away, so I spoke to your dad and he agreed to buy a car for you!" She looked at me like I just told her there was a sale at Gucci or something. After she had gotten over the shock, she started squealing. I couldn't help myself, I started laughing. My cousin is really crazy, but I love her anyway. When I turned into my drive way and she saw the brand new yellow Porsche sitting in my driveway, another round of squealing and jumping up and down started all over again. Laughed again and climbed out of the car. I motioned for her to do the same. "Oh my gosh! AH! It's amazing, he actually listened to me! It's strange I kinda new this was going to happen! AH!" She screamed enthusiastically. "Alice, there are stipulation to having this car!" I said seriously. "Yes, yes, anything as long as I get to keep this baby." I knew she wasn't really paying attention. She was too focused on her new car. "Alice! Listen! In order for you to keep the car you have to pay your own gas, which means that you'll have to get a job! Your dad also said that you have to help out with the household duties but I told him that you are just starting out with college and don't need to saddled down with chores!" I told her. "Thank-you, thank-you!" she hugged me and bounced up and down. After she let me go and headed over to the car and started unloading al of her bags." Come on kiddo, it's time to see your new place!" Her reaction to the flat was pretty much the same as her reaction to her car. After getting unpacked was she walking around the flat, taking notes and occasionally mumbling to herself. Knowing Alice, she was probably figuring out what colour to paint her bedroom, the bathroom and the kitchen and the adjoining living room. I chuckled to myself and left her to her own devices. I headed into the kitchen because it was time to make dinner. I didn't know what Alice's favourite dish was so I made something everybody loved lasagna. As I was putting the finally touches to the dish, before putting it in the oven, I heard the doorbell ring. Knowing Alice to probably still be in her flat, I went to answer it. The doorbell rang again. "I'm coming!" I yelled. Wiping my hands on a dishcloth and throwing it onto my shoulder I answered the door. There standing before me was probably the most gorgeous man I have ever seen. His biceps were straining against the casual black t-shirt that he wore. He was built, I felt like a teenager again staring at this mystery man on my doorstep. Realizing that none of us had spoken yet, I cleared my throat and extended my hand. "Hi, I'm Bella Hunt, what can I do for you?" I asked politely trying to keep from drooling. He took my hand, and even though it was cold outside my whole body instantly warmed up when our palms touched. A blush crept up onto my face. Who would have thought that at the age of 36 I was still blushing like a 16 year old? "Good evening Mrs. Hunt, I'm Jacob Black. I now it's late but I just arrived and I got a little lost!" he said. He showed my a little piece of paper with his new address on it. A new wave of heat washed over my face when I realized that his house was the house next to mine. I laughed lightly and gave him back the piece of paper that was in the hand that Jacob had previously shaken. "Well do you want the good news or the bad news?" I asked while laughing. He thought for a moment and said, "the good news first!" "Well, you be glad to know that your house isn't far from here!" He rose up and eyebrow and asked, "and the bad news?" I couldn't help but laugh, same this poor, HOT man was going to live next door to me and my kids and now Alice too. Shame. "The bad news is that you'll be living next door to me and my crazy kids and cousin!" I laughed. He frowned for awhile before he started laughing to. "Oh, you can't be that bad!" I just continued to laugh. I really didn't want to drive this man away, wait what I was thinking. Fuck! I was a grown-ass woman already fawning over a man I've barely known! "Well, it's nice to have met you. I do hope that you like the neighbourhood!" I said seriously. I had to contain myself. "Well, if everybody is like you then I'm sure I'm going to love it!" he said with a wink. I blushed again. I swear this man was going to be the why I spontaneously combusted from the heat of the blushes he was giving me. I turned around and saw Alice watching me with a smile on her face. I turned back to Jacob. "Well Good-night Mr. Black." I said with as much seriousness I could contain. He looked a bit confused for a minute but nodded his head. "Good-night Mrs. Hunt." With that he turned and ran to his car because it had started to rain again. I watched him drive the little ay to his driveway and closed the door. "Well that was interesting!" Alice said from behind me. I jumped when I heard her voice, I knew she was behind me but I felt like I was being caught with my hand the cookie jar. "Alice, you scared the shit out of me!" I said a little breathlessly. "So who was that HOT man!" she said fanning herself. Alice can be really dramatic at times. I laughed at her and just shook my head. "I rolled my eyes and said a little sternly, "that MAN, Alice, was MR BLACK! Our new neighbour." When she heard that he was going to be our new neighbour she squealed and started jumping and down. "Alice! Calm down….he is way too old for you anyway missy!" I said sternly. A look of disgust passed over her face and she raised her right eyebrow. "Eeuw! I said he was hot not that he was my type. I was thinking more in the lines of you!" she snorted. Now it was my turn to be shocked! Me? I wasn't looking for a relationship! I had two young kids for fucks sakes! "Alice, are you insane! I have two young children, that's enough for me!" "Seriously Bella? You're going with that excuse? Just because you have two children doesn't matter their age," she added quickly seeing as I was about to interrupt her, "doesn't mean that you can't date at all. All it means that the man you do eventually choose to date will be perfect because he will not only be a choice for you but also for your children. Now when that gorgeous man realizes that he wants to date you, I will be there to make you look stunning!" she