Wasted Love Rating: M – Y ou guys know why. Disclaimer: Nothing is mine, except for my dirty thoughts and Desmemoriward. Acknowledgments: My sweet girl Rê - without you this story would be locked in my computer. CHAPTER ONE "God, I love you." I moaned loudly. "I hope you're not talking to your bathtub again." Angela said, opening the bathroom door unceremoniously. I glanced sideways at her, sliding deeper into the warm water. "Pardon me? This is true love." She just rolled her eyes. "Hey, let's go out with me. You never leave this house." My sister was dressed and ready to party – we had this conversation pretty much every weekend since she moved in with me. "Thank you but no, thank you." Closing my eyes, I tried to ignore her - but knowing that Angela wouldn't give up, and that I wouldn't change my mind. "There are people and fun outside this household, you know?" She joked. "You could say yes to it once." "I could," I shrugged. "But I won't." "Yeah, yeah Bells," She huffed, making her way out. "Enjoy your bath…" "I will." "… and don't wait up!" She shouted and I heard the front door closing. "I never do." I murmured to myself, finally relaxing against the back of the bathtub. I reached for my wine glass, but before I could take a sip my phone started to ring and I answered already annoyed by my sister's insistence. "Angela, forget it! I'm not going out!" "Excuse me," I unknown voice replied to my rant. "May I speak with Mrs. Isabella Cullen, please?" The mention of my married name - as of my married status - ripped me right out of my mood. I dropped my glass into the water in the rush to cover myself, suddenly self-conscious. "Ye- Yes. It's her." I said reluctantly, stepping out of the water. "Who is this?" "Mrs. Cullen, my name is Caroline Lee, I'm calling from the Seattle General Hospital on behalf of your husband Edward Cullen. You are listed as his emergency contact." "Edward?" I searched blindly for my robe. "What happened?" "Mr. Cullen was involved in an accident." "Accident?" I mean to say it out loud, but my voice was low, filled with panic. "Is he okay? Where is…" "Mrs. Cullen, I'm sorry. I'm not allowed to give you details about your husband's conditions over the phone, but the hospital is requesting your presence as soon as possible." "Yes, of course." I stammered, gathering the details of the hospital before ending the call. Taking a few steps back, I felt my knees hit the bathtub and fell limply on the edge, trying to wrap my head around the phone call I had received. I haven't heard a thing about Edward in almost 3 years. Not a phone call, not a text or email; just like he promised the last time we saw each other, it was like he never existed. I actually had no idea he was in Seattle until now, but he was indeed - in a hospital, probably hurt, maybe even... Holding back my own feelings, I scrolled through my contacts list with trembling fingers until I found Emmett's number. He was Edward's brother, after all – I had to call him. "Dr. Emmett Cullen," He answered almost immediately. "Emm?" I said reluctant. "It's Bella." "Bells?" Emmett's voice didn't hide his surprise. "Is everything ok?" "Actually, no." I sighed deeply, gathering the courage to spill the guts while I was able to talk. "I just got a call from Seattle General Hospital; Edward's been in an accident. All I know is that he's there and I'm on my way, but as I live in Portland will take me at least a couple hours to get to Seattle." "Edward? What? How—what happened?" Emmett stuttered and I could hear him moving around. "I don't know, they couldn't give me details over the phone. Can you be there?" "Of course, I'm leaving home right now." He stayed in silence for a moment. "Bells… Why they called you?" "I'm still his emergency contact." The tears I've been holding threatening to spill once again. "I don't know what to do, Emm." "Hey, breathe." He said quietly. "Let's get there before we drive ourselves crazy trying to guess what is happening, ok?" "You're right." I took a deep breath. "I'll meet you there." I drove aimlessly, barely able to follow the signs; my mind was filled with images of Edward: his face smiling at me first thing in the morning, his off key voice singing with the radio while we drove in this very same road. The tears had won the battle a long time ago and now were pouring down, while I forcefully gripped the wheel. I had to keep control, I said to myself, at least until I saw him again. Alive. "Please God, let him be alive." I whispered, praying. After what felt like forever, Seattle General Hospital came into view and I focused in find a spot to parking lot and get to Edward as fast as I could. The sound of my heels echoed through the hospital lobby as I crossed it and a middle-aged woman welcomed me from the other side of the counter. "Can I help you?" "Yes, please, my husband had an accident..." "His name?" She asked, cutting me. "Edward Anthony Cullen." She verified my identity and handed me back a badge with the word visitor written on it. "Your husband has already been moved from the ER to a room, Mrs. Cullen." "He-He's ok?" I whispered, grabbing the counter for stability. My legs were shaking – I was terrified to ask this question, but if they moved him to a room, he had to be. The lady smiled sympathetic at me behind her glasses, patting my hand. "I believe he is, darling. Take the elevator down the hall, room 1880. The doctor will fill you in." Thanking her, I walked into the elevators, taking a deep breath. The fact that I was going to see Edward after all this years was clouded by the fact that he was alive – that I was going to see him at all. I watched as each floor passed through nervously, until the doors opened on the eighteenth floor. The first person that I saw was Rosalie - sporting a pregnant belly that wasn't there the last time we saw each other. How long ago? "Oh my god, look at you!" I cried, making Rose look at me. "You look beautiful!" She got up, meeting me in the middle with a tight hug – as much as we could with her stomach between us. When I met her, she and Emmett had been together for a couple of years and about to get hitched. Rose made me feel welcomed from day one and our bond grew stronger with time. She was an amazing friend and a confidant, straightforward woman from whom I could always expect the truth. I missed her immensely, but things were really hard after the divorce – hard enough for me to need distance from everything that linked me to Edward. "Oh shut up! I look like a whale!" She whined, hugging me. "Fuck you, Isabella!" Rose cursed on my shoulder and I couldn't help but smile at her foul mouth. "I've missed you so much! I don't care if you left that idiot, you shouldn't have left me!" She took a step back and her eyes were shinning with tears. "You are right, I'm so sorry." I said hugging her again. "I can't believe I've missed this of all things!" I looked at her belly, feeling the baby move under my hands and for a second I forgot about the shitty situation that had reunited us. Until Emmett touched my hand, bringing me back to reality and smiling at me. "Hey, Bells." He looked taller – if that was even possible – but he was still him, dimples and all. "Hey you," I hugged him, noticing his bloodshot eyes. "How is he, Emm?" I looked at the door behind Emmett and realized Edward was probably there, six feet away from me. "Can I see him?" I asked looking at Emmett. "He's good - much better than I thought he would be. He's stable now, sleeping." Emmett ran his hands through his hair, a habit that his brother had inherited from him. I felt the familiar tug in my chest that came every time I allowed myself to remember those little things about Edward. "Can I see him?" I asked once again, taking a step towards the room - but Emmett stopped me before I could reach the door. "Bella, wait. We need to talk before you see him." "What?" I frowned, confused. "Let's sit." Emmett led me to the green chairs next to the nurse's station, sitting and pulling me by his side. "Let me brief you in." "Bells, Edward's bike got hit by a truck outside the city, Wednesday morning." Bike? Since when Edward had a bike? And he's been here for almost three days? My mind racing with questions but I tried to focus on Emm. "The impact broke his right leg, two ribs and caused some internal bleeding," Emmett looked at me, holding my hands between his. "Edward wasn't wearing a helmet and he suffered a really serious concussion." My hand covered my mouth in terror. "Apparently, he was unconscious for a while and came back very confused." He continued. "When I got here he had already been moved to a room; he was half awake, recognized me just fine, but then he asked me where you were and… I knew something was wrong. Edward never, ever allowed himself to talk about you." Emmett took a deep breath, but I was still holding mine. "The doctor came in a few minutes later, filled me in Edward's situation and things start to make sense." I've never saw Emmett so nervous. "We don't know much about it yet, like how it happened or why it's happening - as far as we know it can be just a temporary situation, but… Seems like Edward's suffering from amnesia." "What…" I tried perplexed, confused. "What this mean?" "His mind seemed to erase part of his memories. Although he knows who he is and who we are, he's very confused about everything else." And the next sentence that came out of Emmett's lips, turned my world upside down. "For instance, he… He thinks that you guys are still married." His words fell between us - my mind trying to make sense of things. "How—how come?" I whispered back, rubbing my chest and trying to easy the ache. How could that be happening? "We don't know for sure yet. As I said, he was very confused when he regained consciousness; he knew his name, but kept asking about you – so much that at first the paramedics thought that you were in the bike with him. They searched around for another person for hours." I sat in there, gaping at Emmett and trying to come up with something to say, but my voice couldn't keep up with my mind. God, how should I cope with that? Edward, the love of my life, the man who broke my heart, completely unaware of the worst days we lived – of the things that set us apart. "He didn't have any documents with him, so it took them almost 48 hours to get a hold of who he was through his fingerprints. That was how they found you." "We never divorced." I confessed in a soft voice. I've never had the strength to do it, and I haven't heard a word about Edward in years, until now. Emmett's eyes softened, hands gripping mine tighter. "He looked so lost. When I came in Bells, he… He just held my hand and stared at me, as if he was terrified that