AN: I OWN NOTHING BUT PENNY AND SEBASTIAN. SM OWNS IT ALL. THIS IS MY TWIST ON THIS STORY Prologue I've never given much thought to the decisions I've made in the past three months that led me to this situation, though I'd had reason enough. If I had, I wouldn't have imagined it like this. My life eight months ago doesn't even compare to my life here in the last three months. I stared without breathing across the room at the phone. It lay silent as ever as I wait for an important phone call. Surely waiting was driving me insane. The unknown is an unpleasant feeling not knowing whether my best friend and the love of my life are dead. I knew that if I had turned down her offer to move to Forks, I wouldn't be in this situation. As terrified as I am, I can't bring myself to regret or doubt my decision. When life here in Forks offers you a love so pure and fulfilling beyond your expectations and wildest dreams. Here, I smiled, as I thought back over the last three months of my life, and to think I almost passed up this wonderful opportunity. I glanced back at the phone again and by a miracle it rang. I ran over to pick it up. "Emmett" "Penny" AN: Sorry folks! I reread the final draft and noticed a couple of errors and a few other things I didn't like so I changed it. Next chapter shall be up within the next three days. Now without further adue. My final perfected first chapter. Enjoy ;p 1. First Glance I stood next to my car as I waited for my best friend, Isabella "Bella" Swan to say goodbye to her mother, Renee for the millionth time. My name is Penelope Ortiz, but like Bella I prefer my nickname "Penny." It was 80 degrees in Phoenix, the sky was a perfect, cloudless blue for January. I was wearing a black, backless halter top and a pair of white jeans and black combat boots. Bella was wearing her favorite shirt, a sleeveless, white eyelet lace, blue jeans and her signature vans. I took the time to check my car to make sure everything was secured. I drive a Black 1965 Ford Mustang Shelby GT500. It was a gift from Jonathan. He bought as a written request from my father. You see my parents were murdered 10 years ago by my father's mistress before she killed herself. Now I was just 6 at the time and was told they died in a car crash. I learned the truth last year on my 16th birthday. "What a great gift? Never mind clothes or shoes. No, let's tell her that her parents were brutally murdered by her dad's psycho mistress. Thanks a lot Johnny." I snorted at that thought. Bella's been my friend since we were 3 and Renee decided to take me in. I was grateful because my parents family only cared about my trust fund. It sucks I know, but I've learned to cope with it. I managed to turn it into sarcasm and cynicism. At 16 I've developed a don't really give a flying fuck attitude. I'm 5'9 with thick long black and red hair. A body every woman would pay top dollar for curves in all the right places, green/hazel eye swirl color and a killer smile. We were driving to Forks, Washington to finish out the rest of our school year with her father, Police Chief Swan. Renee recently remarried, so we're leaving so the newlyweds can have their alone time. I don't mind going to Forks, it's Bella who detests it. We decided to drive because there was no way in hell I was going to leave my car in Phoenix. That was out of the fucking question. I saw Bella wave goodbye to her mom and get in the car. I waved one final time to Renee and Phil then hopped in and drove off. "That took longer than expected" "I know neither one of us is good with goodbyes," This made me snort a laugh. "Yeah I noticed that and Charlie already has us registered for school, by the way." "Okay" She looked out at the scenery as I drove on the freeway. I know Bella and she's just not an emotionally expressive person, just like Charlie. As I'm driving on the interstate listening to my favorite rock station I reminisced about this past summer. I didn't mind the move to Forks. It's constant cover of clouds and rain is a refreshing change to the blistering heat of Phoenix. I know for a fact, that my cinnamon skin tone will stand out. Forks, Washington is the rainiest town in the entire US. Renee left Forks and Charlie with Bella when she was only a few months old because according to her the rain was suffocating. I spent the last five summer, winter and spring breaks in Forks with Charlie. He's a really great guy, he reminds me of my own father of what I can remember of him. Last summer I tried to teach Charlie how to cook and ended up blowing half his house away. This is one reason why I, a city girl, love small towns. The community is always so friendly, yes they're always in your business, but when a fellow townie is in need they come to the rescue. That's what happened with Charlie. The whole town got together and raised money and helped rebuild his house. It used to be a two bedroom, one bathroom house, now it has two bedrooms upstairs with a conjoined bathroom and the master bedroom and bath downstairs for him. That one was my idea. He gets so tired from work that he falls asleep on the couch so why not put a master bed/bath downstairs. At first he wasn't sure about the add-on until I told him Bella and I might be coming to live with him if Renee and Phil get any more serious. Now his house has been upgraded and completely modernized. I look over at Bella as she's sleeping. There are times where I wonder how we managed to stay friends. I guess both of us having to grow up before it was time is one reason. Taking care of Renee, and the household until she met Phil, other than that we're polar opposite. I say whatever is on my mind and if you don't like it tough shit because I don't give a solid fuck. I'm bold, brass, confident. I'm crude, rude and loud. The truth about my parents death and the heartbreak I suffered two spring breaks ago has made me a bit put off with love and relationships. Growing up without my parents didn't help much either. I curse that bitch to the deepest pits of hell, for her stupidity and selfishness. There was a part of me, a very small, petite, tiny fragment that really couldn't blame her. It made me wonder how she was raised. Did she have someone to teach her that married men were off limits? Maybe, if someone had taught her married men were forbidden, my parents would be alive today. Well, then I wouldn't be moving to Forks with Bella. Oh well, c'est la vie. Bella on the other hand is shy, timid, a bookworm who loves the classics. I do as well, but she'll read them over and over again. We both were in advanced placement programs. She lacks self confidence. She 5'4 and has gorgeous clear skin. Big brown doe eyes, beautiful mahogany hair and she's slender. She's a certified klutz and gets embarrassed easily. I don't know maybe because our personalities balance out, her shy one to my bold one. Maybe I'm just here to protect her and be her spiritual guide, whatever the reason I love her like a sister and wouldn't have it any other way. I need her and she needs me. I found out that my parents had already named Renee as my legal guardian, in their will. Johnny and his wife Ameilia wanted to take me in but for some odd reason my parents thought Renee would be a better choice. Johnny told me Ameilia was heartbroken and their son and daughter, Benji and Sydney would miss me. My parents also left me a trust fund that I can't have access to until I'm 21 along with another stipulation that I didn't quite understand, but Johnny, my trustee said in time I'll understand it. I hated that, the way he said it sounded highly suspicious but he wouldn't tell me more so I dropped it, for now. We arrived in Forks at around 12 p.m. Thursday afternoon. "Wow, it only took a little over 24 hours to get here." I was exhausted and starving. I turned down Charlie's street and parked Jesse behind the cruiser. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention that I named my mustang Jesse. What? Don't judge. Charlie was standing outside when we pulled up. He helped unload Jesse and dropped off our bags in our respective rooms. Bella got the west bedroom that faced over the front yard. It had been her's since she was born. I got the east facing bedroom that faces the street. It was Charlie's until the remodel, now it was mine temporarily. One thing I love about Charlie is that he doesn't hover. He left us alone to unpack in peace. I glanced across the hall at my best friend just as she was wiping some fresh tears away. I knew why she's crying. She feels as if she'll never fit in here. I walked across the hall and sat down on her bed and hugged her. I noticed a desk with an old computer and an internet modem cable stapled along the floor to the nearest phone jack. A stipulation from Renee so they can keep in touch. I have my own laptop so that I can keep in touch with her myself along with Jonathan. "Cheer up Bells, at least you know one person in school next week." She didn't respond just a slight nod. We were to start this coming Monday. It pains me to know that my best friends feels like she has to fit in. Forks High School had a mediocre three hundred and fifty-seven now fifty-nine students. There is at least seven hundred in our junior class back home. "What if they don't like me?" "Why do you care? It shouldn't matter if they like you. You're not there for them. You're there to get an education and move onto the next phase in life, whatever that may be. You were born to be yourself and accomplish great things and leave behind a legacy for you children to follow and benefit from. Fuck all those students if they don't like you, so what. Do you think I care, hell I'm going to stick out like a sore thumb because of my gorgeous cinnamon kissed skin. I can already hear the stupid ass rumors now." In my best Valley girl voice "Like OMG did you see Penny's skin? That tan is so totally fake. She's totally acting as if it's real. She's not even that hot. Look at her huge ass and that horrible red dye job." She started laughing. Once she calmed down she hugged me. "Thanks Penny, you always know what to say." "That's why I'm here babe, now let's go grocery shopping because I know Charlie doesn't have any food in this house and a bitch is hungry." She laughed some more as we made our way downstairs. Charlie was sitting in front the TV like always. Bella and I looked at each other and just shook our heads. "Charlie? Where the food at?" He turned around and turned really bright pink in the face. "I'm sorry girls you'll have to go to the store.