Disclaimer: Harry Potter and all of it's characters belong to J. . Betaed by Nantai Hermione bit into her sandwich and taped on an icon showing a battered cauldron on her phone in boredom. The Leaky Cauldron was a popular app among students where they could exchange ideas anonymously. Most of the time jokes, lecture notes and pictures of cats and food were shared, but there were questions concerning dating, health and sex, too. It was the best way to stay updated on campus even though Hermione wouldn't be caught dead admitting that. All in all, the app provided a decent distraction for Hermione when she was waiting for class as she hadn't made that many friends since the beginning of law school, mostly because she considered most of the other students arrogant, rich prats. Ron and Harry, with whom she had spend most of her time during her previous school career, were both training to become policemen and therefore weren't attending university with her. She still thought it was a waste of their talents, but if it made them happy she wouldn't protest. Hermione scrolled through the app, her lips curling upwards occasionally when she read something funny. She was usually just interested in jokes and news, but something entirely different caught her attention that day. At first, she had scrolled past it, but after a few seconds of hesitation, Hermione scrolled back up to the post reading: "I've recently discovered I'm into BDSM. Is anybody else into it and wants to talk about it?", the sandwich in her other hand momentarily forgotten. Hermione wasn't exactly a prude, or at least she believed she wasn't, but she wasn't into that kind of stuff. No, she just wanted to read the replies because of scientific interest. She had always asked herself how and why people enjoyed pain and domination and now had the chance to find out, she reasoned with herself. Her curiosity was completely professional – she might come into contact with this in her career as a lawyer, at least that's what she told herself. Hermione looked around cautiously to make sure there wasn't even the slightest chance that anybody could look over her shoulder and catch her reading the post and finally tapped on it. Several replies were from people who said they were into it too and one suggested to make a group using another anonymous app, a messenger called Owlpost, to talk some more about their interests as the character limit in The Leaky Cauldron made a real discussion almost impossible. Hermione bit her lip when she realized that she wouldn't learn anything if she didn't join the group. On a whim, she opened the app-store on her phone and downloaded Owlpost, repeating to herself that she did it because of science while she waited for the installation to finish. Luckily, the internet on campus was rather fast, giving her almost no time to change her mind. Hermione stared at the starting screen demanding to either log in or create an account for several minutes, contemplating how she should call herself so nobody would recognize her. Anything even remotely related to books and cats – two things she was known for – was therefore completely out of question. At the end she settled on Persephone, remembering the myth she had read just the previous day, and took a deep breath before finally successfully signing in. It didn't take long and Hermione found and joined the BDSM group from the LC-post, rising her eyebrows when she saw that the group had already about 30 members. Hermione was studying the various profiles when she noticed that somebody had directly addressed her. THEPrinceCharming: Persephone Welcome. Mind to introduce yourself? Hermione frowned at her phone, not sure what to reply. Nobody had mentioned anything about the members having to introduce themselves. Persephone: I thought this was an anonymous group? Casssanova: Relax, Princess Casssanova: What he meant is just stuff like gender, age & preferences – both in partner & kinks. Casssanova: We just want to get a general idea. Nobody is going to ask stuff by which they could identify you. Unless you want to hook up with somebody. Than feel free to – but do it in a private chat. Casssanova: We'll send you a screenshot with our data so you can get the general idea about us too, but we don't want creeps so please go ahead Red: Persephone Don't let Cass intimidate you. He talks a lot & is the founder of this group Hermione blinked, surprised by the fast text-flow. The group couldn't exist longer than a few minutes and they had already managed to organize themselves. She sighed and set to type her answer. Persephone: Fine. I'm a 2 1 year old woman, who is interested in men. I am not entirely sure what exactly you expect considering the kinks. THEPrinceCharming: Dom/sub/switcher? Maybe things you are mostly interested in? Cass, send the list so she knows what I'm talking about Casssanova: picture send Casssanova: m21, switch, biiii, anything not involving excrements and age play – almost everything else is fair play THEPrinceCharming: m20, Dom, girls, breathplay, spanking, bondage justaWitch: f18, Dom, men, oral & anal play, orgasm control KittyCat123 : f22, sub, girls, animal play (cat) – caging, pussy & high-heel worship Red: f19, switch, idk, bondage, orgasm denial, sharing Batmaaaaaan: m24, sub, men, sensory deprivation Pumpk1nP1e: f20, sub, both, humiliation, strong pain Datassismine007 : m2 5 , Dom, men, dating Batmaaaaan, spanking . . . Hermione read the long list with more interest than she would ever admit, shifting uncomfortably in her seat when she realized that the descriptions of those anonymous people were enough to make her wet. Hermione let her phone become dark for a moment in order to think about what to do next, finally noticing her abandoned half-eaten sandwich on the table in front of her. She sighed and put it back into her bag, before reaching for her phone again with the intention to leave the group and deinstall Owlpost. It was just too awkward. When Hermione opened the app, she was surprised to see a new message from THEPrinceCharming and opened it, curiosity winning over common sense. THEPrinceCharming : You are new to this kind of thing, aren't you? Hermione glared at her phone. Persephone: Actually, I am not really into BDSM. I was just asking myself why would somebody be into that and it seemed like a good way to find out. I am not judging & I want to understand. THEPrinceCharming: You sure? That's what Cass said too, and now look at him. He started a group and is rather happy with it. Persephone: Are you trying to tell me what I think and feel? THEPrinceCharming: I'm trying to help. So much denial hurts. But seriously, what did you feel when you read about it? About our interests? Hermione stared at the screen at a loss of words. How dare this guy, who called himself Prince Charming of all things, patronize her like that? But then, she had been kind of aroused, still was, if she was honest to herself. So maybe he had a point, Hermione contemplated. But she would have known that for some time now, if that were the case, wouldn't she? After all, she was far from a virgin. Hermione was glaring holes into her phone, when somebody cleared their throat next to her. She looked up to see her classmate Jenny standing next to her, amusement all over her face. "It's rare to see you so absorbed into something, that you are about to miss class. You are lucky I passed by." Hermione looked on her watch at that and almost shrieked. "How it is already that late?" she asked as she hurried to gather her things and followed Jenny to their next lecture. Despite herself, Hermione had trouble concentrating the rest of the day thanks to the Prince's question, mulling it over and over in her head. As soon as the professor ended the last lecture of the day, Hermione jumped up from her seat and dashed for the door, eager to answer. The last two hours after she had decided that she would stay in the group and talk to the Prince had been pure torture as her curiosity had been killing her. In her hurry, Hermione didn't notice that she wasn't the only one eager to get out and collided with another student, both their things scattering on the ground as she bounced of her classmate and fell to the floor. "Watch where you are going, Granger," Draco Malfoy sneered at her as soon as they both caught themselves, looking frantic as he searched for his phone. Hermione glared at him instead of responding as she gathered her things, as if to dare him to help her. But just as expected neither he nor his friends did and they disappeared as soon as Malfoy found his phone and Hermione thanked the two other students who had helped her, still glaring after him. If there was someone she truly hated in her year, it was Draco Malfoy, rich brat extraordinaire and the most arrogant prat she had ever met. He was the epitome of the lawyer kid cliché, threatening everyone who as much as looked at him the wrong way with letting his father sue them. Hermione shook her head to rid herself of the angry thoughts, deciding that she wasn't in the mood to waste even one more second on the likes of Draco Malfoy as she had almost reached her home, where she could finally check her phone undisturbed. When she opened the Owlpost, another message from the Prince was waiting for Hermione. THEPrinceCharming: Did I scare you? Wasn't my intention. I just wanted to offer you my help, but sometimes I can be a bit pushy, so sorry. I just understand that you can be a bit uncomfortable with coming to terms with this – I was when I first noticed. Hermione smiled at that, feeling reassured in her decision to stay and inform herself a bit more. Persephone: You didn't scare me. Some people just can't spend their whole day in front of a screen. Persephone: But I have to admit, that I am intrigued. As I don't know where to begin, it would really be great if you could help me to get informed – that is if the offer still stands. The reply came immediately, as if he had been waiting for Hermione's response. THEPrinceCharming: Of course. Where do you want to start? Have you any ideas? What do you like? Hermione bit her lip once again, contemplating the question. What did she like? Normal sex hadn't been that exciting for her and thinking about it, Hermione had to admit that she had always liked when Ron took charge and things got a bit rougher. Unfortunately, that hadn't been too often and their unsatisfactory sex life along with several other things had lead to their break-up two years ago, even though they managed to stay friends afterwards. Hermione took a deep breath a typed in the first admission of many. Persephone: I think I might be into giving up control. Draco let out a low whistle when he read the new message from Persephone and Blaise shot him a questioning look from where he was lounging on the sofa of their shared flat. "Your little group is actually proving to be quite interesting," Draco grinned and Blaise rose one of the perfectly sculptured eyebrows over his mismatched eyes. "That girl, Persephone. Wants me to teach her about BDSM," Draco explained. "And you are so giddy, because?" "I want to teach her? Help her?" Blaise ran a hand over his face. "You know, if you want to be a decent human being you could start with the real life – not that," he gestured vaguely towards Draco's phone. Draco stood up from his