Helga Hufflepuff was nothing less than ecstatic. She had devoted so many years to mastering magic; she was known as one of the most extraordinary witches of her day. But she was not getting any younger, her new ambition was to pass on her knowledge on to young wizards and witches. Helga, along with Rowena Ravenclaw, Salazar Slytherin, and Godric Gryffindor, united on this point. Together, they built the castle known as Hogwarts that they would turn into a school for developing wizards and witches. Helga stood in the castle's kitchen. She had volunteered her superior cooking charms for the start of term feast. A small feast for the only people in the castle were the founders, the house elves, a couple more servants, and the few students who were selected to attend the first year of the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Only five students were going to be attending this year. An apprentice for each founder with one left over. "Fetch the flour!" ordered Helga. The plump house elf named Tulk ran to the party and emerged with a sack no less than twice his size. He came to Helga who kindly took the weight off of the poor house elf. Tulk blushed and ran to stir his pot of pig's feet. As Helga added the flour to her pumpkin pasties, she wondered about the evening's events. Although her dreams were coming true, she couldn't help but be nervous. What if there wasn't a student who wanted to be in house? Everyone knew that she was a kind woman and would not turn anyone down but the other founders were so ambitious, how could she ever compare? No, all the students would want to be thought of as cunning or smart or brave. No one gives another thought to loyal, kind, and hard-working wizard. Everyone is out to gain something… "Mistress?". The house elf, Vosley, was tugging at the hem of Helga's brown dress. Dazed, Helga snapped out of her worried trance. "Yes, my darling?" she asked kindly. "You have been summoned by the Mistress Ravenclaw in the Great Hall…" Helga checked her timer. The ceremony wasn't supposed to start until 5:00 that evening. The students were still about an hour away by the Thestral drawn carriage. She couldn't imagine what Rowena could want with her at this time, especially when she still had so much to do. "Thank you. I will need you to finish my work. And mind Darvin and Marigold, they don't need to be afraid. I'm not sure they know I won't punish them yet… Vosley nodded her head vigorously and hurried away to order the other house elves around. As Helga left the kitchens and emerged on the other side of her enchanted masterpiece depicting a bowl of fruit. She climbed the staircase, a feat for such a full-figured woman. She eventually came to the top, right outside the Great Hall's intimidating doors. She pushed one forward and emerged into the Great Hall; a room that mimicked that of the kitchens directly below. Helga spotted her dear friend Rowena enchanting candles to float above the singular table at the front of the Hall. "You called for me?" Slightly startled, Rowena looked up from her candles, "Yes Helga. I wish to speak with you about the competition that is to take place this evening." Rowena did not seem so sure about herself, something out of character for someone like her. Concerned, Helga crossed to room to her friend. "And what is it that you wish to speak with me about exactly?" "I fear that our fellow founders have planned something far more dangerous than you or I had intended. I feel traces of dark magic throughout the castle." Rowena said. Helga became flustered by this news. "What can we do? I thought we had agreed on the trails that would take place? This is only meant to determine their placement, not to risk their lives." "I fear that Salazar and Godric may think it necessary to risk their lives in order to place them." Rowena responded. Helga thought for a moment. Her heart sank. She knew what Salazar and Godric would be looking for in their students. She knew very well the high expectations Godric had and the little forgiveness Salazar possessed. Of course, they would want something dangerous, why else would they have insisted on five students instead of just four? Helga began to shudder at the thought of the reputation Hogwarts would have if a student were to die in their guidance before their first term had even started. She became determined. "Then we must do everything was can to protect them even still. I must go now. There are now even more preparations to be done before the students arrive." Helga hurried out of the Great Hall headed towards her office and chambers. She assumed magical creatures would no doubt be a surprise that Godric would have in store for the poor kids. That could be easily handled. Salazar on the other hand would be more difficult to predict. She ran her palm along the mantel of her fireplace. The room seemed to spin around her stopping to show a bright yellow and black room adorned with books, plants, potions, and her work table. She set to work immediately. With the little amount of time she had left, her only thought was to make shielding charms for the unknowing students. She cut off her yellow beaded bracelet and tied five of the beads each into new leather bracelet. For each one laid an enchantment on it to keep the wearer safe from bodily harm. Helga sensed that she was running out of time when she came to the last bracelet. She hurried to enchant despite her struggle to focus through her hazing panic. Helga quickly gathered her charms and headed towards the Great Hall, once again defeating the basement stairs. She burst into the Great Hall where all three of her fellow founders sat dominantly at the long table. She noticed Salazar glance at the bracelets she carried and she started to sweat fearing that she would suspect what they were but he rolled his eyes. Helga took her opportunity. She put on a cheery face and nearly pranced up to the other. "I have made gifts for our new students." She said, holding out the bracelets for the others to see her humble creations. Salazar let out a huff as Rowena gave Helga a knowing look. "How sweet of you Helga. I'm sure your gifts will be seen as part of a worthy welcoming." Godric chortled. Helga felt slightly offended but remembered that the bracelets weren't meant to be any welcoming gift at all. She just smiled back at Godric and proceeded to take her seat at the end of the table next to Rowena and furthest from Salazar. No sooner had she sat down than the Great Hall's door were opened. The first to be seen were the two house elves, Marigold and Darvin. They escorted a group of five children of eleven years old. The first students to enter was a girl with curly red hair and skin comprised of freckles. The next was a boy with pure black hair and tanned skin. The third was a surprisingly short girl with nothing notable besides her rather masculine build. The second boy marched in behind her sporting sandy hair and clearly expensive clothes. The last student straggled behind in a shy manor. She had pixie cut brown hair and mesmerizingly green eyes. The five students lined up before their professors. The four founders stood up their students to introduce themselves. "I am Godric Gryffindor valuing bravery." "And I am Salazar Slytherin, valuing cunning." "Rowena Ravenclaw, valuing intelligence." "I-I am Helga Hufflepuff valuing kindness. Um. I have gifts for each of you. If you could introduce yourselves as you receive them?". Helga went in front of the table and the redhead came forward. "Thelma Iani." She stated confidently. Helga slipped the bracelet into her wrist. Then the dark boy came forward. "Holiver Dorn." He sputtered. Helga slipped a bracelet onto his wrist. The masculine girl came forward. "Katana Mafi." She quoted emotionless. Helga slipped a bracelet onto her wrist as well. The rich boy sauntered to her. "Louth Tomi, I'm sure you're familiar with the surname". He said smugly. Helga was not familiar but slipped on the bracelet with a smile nonetheless. The green-eyed girl shuffled up to Helga, keeping a substantial distance. "A-Adelin B-Baal." She squeaked. Helga closed the distance between themselves and slipped the last bracelet on to Adelin's wrist holding on a little longer than she did the others. The girl hurried back into the line and Helga took her seat at the table again. The other founders followed her example and sat back down as well. Godric cleared his throat. "We have invited you to be the first students at the Hogwarts Schools of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Our first order of business is to sort you into your houses." The five students shared glances among themselves. "We realize that we have been vague in our description of this school. This is most likely the reason that so few wizards and witches were willing to attend here. We assure you though, we will be teaching you everything that we know for the time that you are here. With our expectations, you young witches and wizards will go down in history as the brightest of your generation. Now our house selection process is unique. What we require of you is to compete for your placement. We have designed trials to test your skills and values. From what we see, we will choose who we wish to take into our house." The Hall became silent. "When and where?" The assertive question came from the masculine girl. "Now and here." Replied Rowena as she flicked her wand. Suddenly a gust of wind rushed through the Great Hall making the table shake and twirling the students to face the doors again. A protective charm when up around the founders and the competition commenced. At first the children just stood waiting for something to happen. The masculine girl was the first to leave followed shortly by the rich boy, the redhead, the tan boy, and reluctantly, the green-eyed girl. By the time the last student left the Great Hall, only Holiver had not gone adventuring yet. The two headed off together without discussion. They soon came to a staircase. Holiver took the first step and the staircase started to move, as did dozens of others around them. Adelin let out a terrified scream but clambered on behind him, afraid to be alone in the castle. They ran up the staircase and got off at the second floor. The hall was dark but for some torches and their reflections on suits of armor. As the pair walked cautiously down the hall, a suit came to like. "May I be of service?" it asked. "Um, we aren't sure what our assignment is." Replied Holiver. "Well, I did hear some interesting things happening a few minutes ago." "Where?" Adelin asked. The suit of armor simply pointed down the hall and to the right where it split. The couple followed his directions. Turning the corner, they found nothing unusual except that a door was left slightly ajar. Inside they found a large empty room but for a pit in the floor. They walked to it and found Louth. He was struggling in a pool of Devil's Snare. Adelin jumped in after Louth in an attempt to save him but the plant just grabbed onto him too. She let out a scream as he struggled and the vines burned her. Holiver soon followed. When he hit the vines he did not struggle. The vines pulled him in like quicksand. "What the devil?" Louth said in an even mixture of amazement and frustration. "You need to relax.