Dear LOTR Readers, I am writing this short, well, letter to you to get you a decent idea of what this story is about. This story is a 'what-if' fanfiction about what would happen 'if' the orcs that fled the demise of Sauron and Mordor did regain strength and had a new king. This goes on to become a longer and longer tale full of adventure, treachery, and a lot of sieges. Below this 'letter' I will place a Table of Contents, however, the table will only show chapters than ARE present or ones that will be coming out within a day or two of message. The main character is obviously King Eldarion, Son of King Aragorn Elessar Telcontar, and it is also obvious that this happens quite a time after King Elessar's death. I hope you will enjoy my tale and please review each chapter after reading it. Thank you. My High Regards, Teddypro Lord of the Rings: Rise of the Orc King Prologue Before time even began, there was One, Eru Ilúvatar, the Creator of All Things. He used his power and created the Ainur, which was made up of the Vala, the omnipotent beings who crafted the world of Eä with music along with other Ainur, the Maia, beings under the Vala who entered Eä more often then the Vala did. The Vala consisted of Melkor, their Chieftan, Manwë, the Lord of Wind and Air, Varda, the Queen of the Stars, Ulmo, the Lord of Waters, Yavanna, the Queen of Earth and Giver of Fruits, Aulë, the Master of Crafts, Nienna, Lady of Mercy, Oromë, the Huntsman, Estë, the Gentle, Mandos, the Judge of the Dead, Vairë, the Weaver, Lórien, Master of Visions and Dreams, Vána, the Ever-young, Tulkas, the Champion of the Vala, and Nessa, the Dancer. These beings used the power of song to craft the world of Eä. During this time, Melkor betrays the Vala and begins the First War in Eä, in Arda. One by one, the Vala descend into Arda, and when the final Vala, Tulkas, enters it, Melkor flees to the Outer Void. Then began the Valian Years, during which was the Years of Lamps, the Years of Trees, and the Years of Sun. The Vala used the light veiling on the ground and concentrated it into two lamps, Iluin and Ormal, and hung the on the two giant peak, Ringal and Helkar, in the far north and the deep south to hang the lamps; theus beginning of the Years of Lamps. These were peaceful years when the Valar settled on the island of Almaren, but this peace was not to last when Melkor returned from the Outer Void in secret and built his two fortresses of Utumno and Angband. He and his Rebel Maia, or Valaraukar (Balrogs) destroyed the two lamps, thus ending the Years of Lamps. It was not long after the destruction of the lamps and the Vala returned to Aman that the Vala tried to build something else. Yavanna made the Two Trees of the Vala. These trees were the silver and gold trees, Telperion and Laurelin. This began the Years of Trees. During this time, Varda gathers light from these trees to make the Great Stars and many Maia lead by Melian take ships to Middle-earth. Later, Eru awakens the Elves as well as the Dwarves, which were created by Aulë, and the first Ents. However, more dark, sinister creatures began to emerge by Melkor's foul hand. He secretly captured Elves, totured and mutinated them into the first Orcs and soon even Trolls. Soon afterward, Durin the Deathless, the Dwarven King, founds Kazad-dûm, the first Dwarven city. Now, it was Melkor's turn to be besieged, They attack him in his fortress of Utumno, chain him, and sentence him to a term in the Halls of Mandos for three ages. His chief lieutenant however, Sauron, escapes captures, retreats to Angband, Melkor's remaining fortress, and continues to breed Orcs and Trolls for his master. Afterward, Oromë sends for three ambassadors of the Elves to come to Aman: Ingwë of the Vanyar, Finwë of the Ñoldor, and Elwë of the Teleri. Many years passed without many important happenings save the birth of the Lady of Light, Galadriel. However, this peace came to an end when Melkor became free of his sentence and turned his sights on Ñoldor. He decieves Fëanor and turns against his brothers. Because of this, he was banished from Tirion, and is followed by his father, Finwë, and many followers. After Melkor decieves Fëanor, he goes into hiding to escape captured and summons the aid of the giant spider Ungoliant. Melkor and Ungoliant destroy the Two Trees and steal the Silmarils. Because of this, Fëanor renames Melkor Morgoth, the Enemy, and vows to regain the Silmarils at any cost. Morgoth returns to Angand and attacks Fëanor, who is killed by Balrogs. This ends the Years of the Trees and brings about the Years of the Sun. Events during the Years of the Sun however can not be put into exact date. However, we do know that the first sailing of the Sun started around the First Age and the actual creation of the Sun happened as the Years of the Trees ended as well as the creation of the Moon. When the First Age about 30,000 years after creation, Eru finally awakens the Race of Men, and not long after this Glaurung, the Father of all Dragons, begins ravaging the Elven city of Beleriand. The Lord of Ñoldor, Fingolfin, starts the Siege of Angband shotrly afterward. This siege, however, was broken however during the Battle of Sudden Flame where Morgoth killed Fingolfin nearly 400 years after the siege began. About twenty years later, the hero of Men, Húrin, is captured by Morgoth and dies thirty years later. Quite soon after that, Glaurung is slain by Túrin Turambar, who commits suicide afterward after he was realised from the dragon's curse and discovers he married his sister, who also commits suicide after finding out the same thing after she was realised from the same curse. The mighty Elven hero, Glorfindel slays a Balrog just fifteen years before the birth of Lord Elrond Halfelven and his brother Elros. However, Elrond's birth is followed by the terrible War of Wrath, where Morgoth is finally cast into the Void, where he shall never return. Because of this war, the plauteus of Mordor, Khand, and Rhún rise from the seafloor. Shortly afterward, the Valar summon the Elves back to Valinor, but Lady Galadriel refuses and is banned. Sindar Elves travel east and found an Elven realm under King Thranduil. After the Second Age began, Círdan founds Mithlond, the Grey Havens, on the west coast of Middle-earth. About 440 years afterward, Elrond's brother, Elros dies, and Sauron rises again sixty years after that. However, he does not attack anyone but remains hidden. It wasn't for another 100 years that the first Númenóreans stepped foot on Middle-earth, adding to the already numerous races and kingdoms on the continent. Another kingdom was add soon afterward. The Noldor founded the Eregion in the lower northwestern part of Middle-earth (this is because not that far north is the ruins of Angband.) After over 500 years of isolation, Sauron starts building his dark tower of Barad-dûr and after 100 more years, he decieves the Noldor, but the king of another group of Elves, Gil-Galad, doesn't trust him and refuses to work with him. It wasn't for another 500 years that Sauron finally instructs the Noldor to forge the 'Three Elven Rings', the 'Seven Dwarven Rings', and the 'Nine Rings of Men'. The most well known rings, the Elven Rings, were made of utmost splendor and resistance to darkness. Vilya, the Ring of Air or the Ring of Sapphire, the most powerful of the three rings with the power to heal and preserve. This ring was gifted to Gil-Galad, who later gifted it to Elrond before the Battle of the Last Alliance. Nenya, the Ring of Water or the Ring of Adamant, was next, it was made of mithril and had the power of preservation, protection, and concealment of evil. This ring was gifted to Galadriel. The final elven ring, Narya, the Ring of Fire or the Ring of Red, was made of gold and had the power to resist tyranny, despair, and darkness. This ring was given to Círdan, the Shipwright of Mithlond, the Grey Havens, who later gave the ring to Gandalf, after realizing his true nature as a Maia, who bore it past the White Towers back to Valinor. What happened not long afterward was that the Númenóreans start there first colonies in Middle-earth. The best known of these first colonies is Umbar. But soon the Elves realise their mistake by finding out that Sauron had forged the One Ring and had completed his tower fortress of Barad-dûr. He starts the War of the Elves and Sauron, and the bearers of the Three Rings go into hiding. To help the Elves, Elrond is sent as a lieutenant to Gil-Galad and founds the Haven of Rivendell. Rivendell and another Elven haven, Lindon, are besieged as Sauron's forces overrun Eriador and the Eregion falls. The Elves are saved, however, by a fleet sent by Minasitr, King of Númenór, to Lindon and the Orcs are pushed out of Eriador. Sauron had lost, and not long later, the Númenóreans first permenant settlements in Middle-earth, but this happiness didn't last. The thirteenth king of Númenór, Tar-Atanamir, defies the Valar and grows hostile to the Elves. There is one group of Númenóreans that are still friends with the Valar and the Elves called the Elendili who recieve Elven messages in secret. They later escape Númenór and found the docks of Pelargir. And Umbar is fortified, for the people of Middle-earth grow fearful of the newly raised Ringwraiths. Nothing much happens in the world of Arda for a good while after all that, save when the twentieth king of Númenór took the throne, he chose a name from the language of Men, not from Quenya, the High Elven Language. By the twenty-third king of Númenór, usage of the Elven language and trips by the Elves to Númenór are prohibited. As discrimination grows among the Númenóreans, the birth of one of the most well known Númenórean Kings comes to pass, the birth of Elendil and about 100 years later, his sons, Isildur and Anárion. Soon, after a civil war in Númenór, the usurper king, Ar-Pharazôn, sails to Umbar and takes Sauron captive and imprisons him on Númenór as he planned. There he starts corrupting the Númenóreans. Because of this corruption, he will become the advisor of the same king who took him prisoner. He burns the White Tree there and establishes himself as the High Priest of Melkor. He begins sacrificing known members of the Elendili to Morgoth. He tricks Ar-Pharazôn into setting foot in Aman, and because of this, Aman is removed from Arda and the Valar make the world round. As punishment for the offence against the them, the Valar sink Númenór into the sea. Elendil and his sons escape and arrive in Middle-earth and found the kingdoms of Gondor in the south and Arnor in the north. The others of Númenór who escape become the Black Númenóreans, who travel south to Umbar. Sauron, who's physical form was destoryed when Númenór sank, finally returns to his dark tower in Mordor. The Gondorians build the towers of Cirith Ungol and Minas Ithil, the Tower of the Moon, at the western border of Mordor to keep Sauron within his land, but Sauron besieges both towers. Isildur flees to Arnor because of this but his brother, Anárion, stays and defends the capital of Osgiliath and the citadel behind it, Minas Anor. Seeing Sauron's attack, the Elves form an alliance with the Men of Gondor and Arnor and begin the Last Alliance against the dark lord. The break through the Black Gate. Sauron emerges from Barad-dûr