Disclaimer: I do not own any recognizable properties found in this work of non-profit fiction. I do not own Harry Potter or any other recognizable properties. A/N, PLEASE READ: All right brothers and sisters, I'm back! Now, I know I left things hanging pretty badly the last time we met, but I am here to make it right and hopefully deliver you another great story for your enjoyment. With this story I'm going to try to keep the chapters flowing like an episode of a TV show. So, lengths may vary but I'll try to keep them stuffed with action and dialogue as is fitting to that format and the story. I also plan to try to recapture some of the darkness of the early parts of PART ONE and tone down the more fluffy and angsty stuff, from Harry, from the second half. There will still be some fluff here and there but I want to move this story forward and not dwell on it too much. At the end of each chapter I will make a note of the 'cast' introduced in said chapter by order of appearance, so as to remind people of who each character is. Now, without further ado, I welcome you to: THE GOD OF DEATH, PART II: DEATHSWORN " ...Throw roses into the abyss and speak: 'Here are my thanks to the monster who did not succeed in swallowing me alive'." -Friedrich Nietzsche " One does not become enlightened by imagining figures of light, but by making the darkness conscious." - Carl Jung I. Gawain Robards' Bad Day Gawain Robards was not having a good day, that much alone was a certainty. It had all started normally enough. He woke up after a night of drinking stout beers and cheap whiskey, accompanied by even cheaper cigarettes, and dragged himself to the shower to wash away the dingy feeling that usually came with such a short but heavy sleep. Following this, he had ventured to the kitchen of his Welsh country house outside of his hometown of Swansea, idly running his fingers over the pictures hanging in the hall, as he always did, and set the kettle to a boil while lighting up another cigarette and taking a long, glorious drag, exhaling with a soft sigh. When the kettle started to scream he added the tea leaves and let it steep for a few minutes before pouring it into a mug. He added nothing to it, as it already had rosemary mixed in with the tea leaves and that was all he needed. He had finished his tea, washed the cup and flooed to the Ministry as he always did, arriving a bit later than everyone else, as was his habit, and started making his way through the still-crowded Atrium. To his right, a fireplace flared and out came a young witch who, rather gracefully, didn't even try to have footing and landed flat on her face. He paused and shook his head at the clumsy girl. Had it not been for her clothes though, he doubted he would have even recognized her; it also helped though that she worked in the same Department as him. "You really need to learn to walk, mate," he told the girl in his dry Welsh lilt as he tugged her upright. "Jaysus, Tonks, you look like shit." Nymphadora Tonks did indeed look terrible. Her hair, usually a bright pink and short or shoulder length and purple, was now long and a sort of black/brown mixture that looked like it had been thought about in regards to a brush but little more than that thought was ever done about it. Needless to say, she looked a mess. Now, this happened to the girl once a week, so it came as no surprise to Robards to see her this way, but that didn't stop him from worrying. He liked Tonks; she was about the only friend he had left in the Auror Office these days. It had been worse after that whole Harry Potter fiasco two years ago. The girl had been positively devastated by the sentencing of her friend. Robards himself still felt a bit ill when thinking about it; it was not his finest hour. And that set him apart from the rest of the Auror Office, who were all on the side of Crouch, Scrimgeour and Savage on this one. Tonks grumbled something rather unflattering under her breath at his comments but straightened up and righted herself. Robards waved his wand at her briefly and her hair became a bit less of a rat's nest, but she barely noticed, trudging on toward the lift without so much as a by-your-leave. Gawain stuffed his wand away and followed after the young woman, shaking his head. He stepped into the lift with her and told the attendant to take them to the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Level Two. "So, I take it you went and saw him again this morning?" he asked the downcast Auror at his side. Not that he needed and answer to the question; he already knew. "Yeah," she answered softly, eyes directed at the floor. "How is he?" Tonks shrugged. "Same as usual. Just sits there, staring at the wall, doesn't talk, doesn't even look in my direction. Doesn't recognize me." The last word was spoken with so much sadness that it made Robards frown. It was no secret in the Office that Tonks had bent a few rules and called in a few favors and gotten herself a pass to Azkaban. She went and visited Harry Potter every week, the same day and time, every time. Thursday, eight in the morning, before work, during the guard shift change. She had done so since the second week of his imprisonment. Robards felt kind of bad for the girl. She had not been able to let go of her guilt at what had happened. She had been right there in the pit with him and the other Aurors on duty when Harry was sentenced in that farce of a trial. She had been right there and not been able to do anything. He also knew that she had been at the Malfoy Manor when they had stormed the place and taken Harry Potter and Barty Crouch Jr. prisoner. Why she was there he didn't know and no information was to be found on the matter, but he had his theories. It was the same, yet different with James and Sirius. They had been there too, but Tonks and them did not get along at all now; which was a switch because it used to be that Tonks looked up to her cousin and James, now there was naught but resentment between them. Gawain was a wee bit of a people-watcher when he had nothing to do and there were a lot of interesting things he had noticed about the people he worked with over the years. The day didn't really seem to get any better or worse as he sat down at his desk and began flipping through the various case files that had found their way to his station since his last time being there the previous night. Nothing special or difficult. Just your run-of-the-mill petty crime and some lady who claimed that there were dark wizards performing a ritual in a cave near her home; something about seeing flashing lights coming from the cave at night. That might be something to look into later. He doubted that there was anything going on but well, this was his job. Whatever it was, he was duty-bound to at least give it a look. At this point however, was when things decided to change for the worse. He was idly reading over the statement given by the woman in the file when he heard his name being called. He looked up from the file to see Savage standing at the corner of his desk, looking down at him with that smile that was so insincere that it was practically mocking. "What do you want?" Gawain asked, looking back down at the case file in his hand. "I need you to go to Azkaban," Savage answer in that strange accent of his; was it even English? Robards glanced back up at the man and felt the urge to punch him in his perfectly groomed head. How the man managed to look so damned impeccable with that long hair and thick beard he had no idea. "Why? That's not my area." Savage's smile became a smirk and he chuckled softly without opening his mouth. "We've apparently got some dead prisoners. Need you to go and take a look, see what caused it." Robards scowled. "Not interested, mate." Savage's smile turned almost feral, finally baring his teeth. "I think you will find it quite interesting when you hear who they are." "Yeah? Who's that then?" "Harry Potter and Barty Crouch Jr.," Savage answered in almost a whisper. Robards' head snapped up so fast he felt and heard his neck crack. "Beg pardon?" "You heard me," Savage said, still smiling. "Harry Potter and Barty Crouch Jr. are both dead and I need you to go to Azkaban and investigate it. The Dementors are under strict orders not to touch them and they were two perfectly healthy young men, so I need to know what happened. And you are the lucky man who gets to do it. Also, there's no need to inform Mr. Crouch of this. He already knows." Gawain rubbed his eyes, feeling a headache coming on. This was the last thing he needed. Savage turned and walked away, but called back over his shoulder as he did, "And take Tonks with you." Said girl's head snapped up at the sound of her name and looked over a few desks at Savage, then to Robards, who was still trying to stave off a headache. She stood up from her own desk, tossing aside a case file and hurried over to his desk. She still looked a wreck, but better than earlier. Gawain sighed, knowing that that was all about to change. "What's going on? Where are we going?" she asked. Gawain looked up at her and sighed again. "Get your coat, Tonks. We're going to Azkaban." Tonks frowned and tilted her head. "Why?" Gawain stood and tossed his own case file back on his desk. "Couple of dead prisoners," he answered her, grabbing his long trench coat off the back of his chair. He reached into the pocket and pulled out his cigarettes, stuffing one between his lips and lighting it with a snap of his fingers. Ministry rules be damned, he needed a smoke and couldn't wait to get outside to do it; besides, he wasn't the only one that did it inside, but the others had fancy offices they could hide in. "Isn't that a job for the Azkaban guards?" Tonks asked, turning to go get her own coat and tripping over her own feet. Luckily she caught herself on Williamson's desk before she could hit the floor for the second time since entering the building. Gawain followed after her, taking another drag of his cigarette. "Normally, yes. But these are some high-profile inmates, so Savage is sending us. Probably because he doesn't like us or something." The sarcasm in his voice was palpable. Tonks pulled on her own long coat, hers black in color and ending just above her knees. It also wasn't as loose-fitting as Gawain's was. "Who is it?" she asked as they started walking toward the lift. Gawain held up a finger as he took a drag of his cigarette. "I'll tell you when there are less ears. Don't want this getting out yet." Tonks nodded, her expression growing worried. Who could have died that was so high profile that they needed to keep it quiet? Her first thoughts were of Harry, but she shook her head. Couldn't be him, she had