One … Shock … As I place the bottle of tequila back behind the counter, I wipe my hands off on the towel that I have tucked into the front of apron that Seneca had recently made a uniform requirement for all the staff at the Arena. Then swiping the twenty off the counter and recognizing the male's nod of thanks I cash the required half into the register and the other into my back pocket. And as I reach for my water bottle under the counter I hear a voice from behind me that is far too familiar. "Gimme some sugar, baby?" I rolling my eyes I redirect my attention away from my water bottle that my hand is only inches away from and turn around. "How about some liquor instead?" Finn smiles as he leans down against the bar. "You really know how to win over a man's heart." I shake my head, holding back a smile. "What can I get you, Finn?" "Four beers." I raise my eyebrow, giving him a questioning look. "Please tell me you're not trying to pick up a girl again with Cato and Marv." "As much as I wish the fourth beer was for a girl," he tells me, "it's not." "Oh," I smile, "A male? One of Marv's?" He shakes his head as I reach under the bar. "Mine." "Mine? Mine as in yours?" He nods. I grasp my hands along the edge of the bar. "The press will have a field day with that, Finn, especially after the whole ordeal a few months when they found you were making an appearance on whatever Jace William's TV show is called to play the role of his ex-boyfriend." "Not that kind of 'mine,'" he says, taking the beers from my hands and rolling his eyes at me. I cork my head to the side, confused. "Then who is this male that isn't a 'mine,' but is a 'mine?'" "My step-brother." "Your step-brother," I exclaim, "Since when in hell have you had a step-brother?" He shrugs. "Eight years." "Seriously? Are you messing with me?" I question, leaning back on my heels and watching him diligently with a close eye. He shakes his head. "Cross my heart hope to die." Still unconvinced I ask, "Why haven't I met this step-brother of yours or even heard of him for that matter as you basically tell me every single detail about your life?" "He's been gone for a couple of years. He just got back yesterday from a year down in South America the other day so Cato decided we should take him out for drinks, to celebrate." "Mhm." I say looking around the bar to quickly see if Gale or Thom are in need of any relief before turning my attention back to Finn. "A couple years in South America? For what? An overextended vacation? Oh wait, to please you're Hollywood life was it for rehab?" He gives me a stern look, "Peeta is the last person you would see in rehab." I put my hands up in surrender. He lets out a breath. "He's a good guy, respectable." "He's related, associated with you." "You have such little faith, Katniss." "The world isn't that bright of a place, Finn." He smiles. "The paparazzi's' cameras help a bit." "Sadly not enough." He opens his mouth to say something, but somewhere behind him a voice calls out from the crowd that sounds a lot like Cato's telling Finn to hurry the hell up. So giving me a look I nod my head, excusing him. And then letting out a breath he unwillingly pushes his body back off the bar and then with his four beers in hand he gives me a smile. "He's one of the best doctors aboard out there. He did good in Honduras." He tells me quickly and without warning, making me question myself whether or not he had actually spoken or not. And then before I can process what he said, he disappears into the crowd. ... "Hey? Catnip?" I snap out of the truants I unnoticeably fell into, nearly dropping the glass in my hands. "Hey," he says, resting his hand on my shoulder. "Catnip?" I nod, setting the glass down. "You okay?" I nod. Gale leans back on his heels crossing his arms across his chest and raising his chin tall all before taking in a deep breath, his appearance telling me he doesn't believe me even before his words say so as he ask, "Really?" I nod. "Katniss." He tells me, using my full name, telling me he's serious. I look down at my hands. "Katniss." I shrug my shoulders, still looking down. "Hey," he says stepping and cupping my chin in his hand so I look at him. "What's wrong?" "It's just my back," I tell him as I attempt to bend back. "You're back?" I nod. "Between stocking yesterday's delivery and not stretch this morning after my run I probably messed it up. It's fine, I'll take an aspirin when I get home and be fine by tomorrow." He nods his head, carefully watching me. "Stretch next time, okay?" "Okay." "And let me stock the next shipment when it comes in," he tells me as he rounds the bar to the back, "Can't have you getting hurt and leaving me hear day in and day out with Thom." Thom must hear year this as he shouts "hey" from somewhere in the back room causing me to crack a smile, agreeing with Gale, "Okay." … I slow down my pace as I turn into the red brick driveway till I am walking. Hands above my head I take deep breaths in through my nose and breathe out through my mouth, attempting to steady out my heartbeat. "How far ya run, sweetheart?" I hear Haymitch ask from the front porch. "A little over ten." I tell him, taking in another breath. "Run down to Sunset Strip?" I nod. "And then up to the sign?" I nod again. He nods too, setting the paper in his hands on unoccupied chair beside the one he sits in. "I got some of your mail again in my box." "Anything good?" I ask knowing the old man no doubt skimmed over the return addresses on whatever envelopes were slipped into his box. He shrugs. "New Thai food place." "Overpriced?" He nods. "Just about double that fancy Chinese food place we ordered from a month ago." He pauses. "I threw it out." "In the trash or the recycling bin?" "Recycling bin, sweetheart. I didn't feel like you coming after me with an axe or something." I smile. "Coming after you with an axe or something wouldn't stop you from screwing up our environment." "Hey," he says in protest, "ever since you got me those bins for my papers and my bottles I have been doing pretty good, recycling and stuff." I nod, holding back a snort at his "recycling and stuff" comment. "And I even watered you tomato and string bean plants today in the back." He says with an arrogant, in-your-face grin. I raise my eyebrow. "You're supposed to say thank you, sweetheart." I roll my eyes. "I should have never told you that I got a degree in earth and environmental science." "You should have never answered my add in the paper." I shrug my shoulder, dropping my hands from above my head down to my side. "You had the basics and were too cheap for me to say no to, Haymitch, you basically set me up." "Plus I offered you breakfast on Sundays when you signed the lease." "You have been making me make you breakfast for the four years every Sunday." And this time he smiles. "Hey, the place was cheaper than a college dorm and better than the Y." I cock my head to the side shrugging, joking with him. "Yeah, whatever." He shakes his head, rolling his eyes. "Go get a shower sweetheart, you stinking up the block." "That's you." I shoot back as I make my way around the house on the red brick path that leads to the staircase Haymitch had put in when I answered to the add in the paper, making the upper level of his home into a comfortable apartment for myself. "Put your mail under the door," he yells. I yell back a "thanks" to which he no doubt shakes his head before picking up his paper and reading again. And I climb the steps to the top, opening the door to my apartment and slipping inside. … Thom nods his head toward the man with blond hair that had been sitting at the corner of the bar for nearly the last thirty minutes now. "What," I ask. He shrugs. "He's not a usual or even a camillian." And he's not. I don't recall ever seeing him since I started working here a few months before my graduation back in the spring. He wasn't a usual nor was he one or those that drifted in and out without a care, fitting in with the crowd. He looked completely lost and a little uncomfortable. Setting down the glass in my hand, I leave Thom's side and walk over in front of the man. "Hey." I say causing him to look up. He nods. "Refill," I ask, pointing to his empty beer. "Yeah sure." Nodding my head, I take the empty bottle and discard it under the counter before pulling out a fresh bottle, popping off the top and setting it in front of him. "Thanks," he tells me as he grasps the bottle in his hand and takes a drink. And then he sets it down back on the counter he looks up at me surprised. "Is there something on my face?" I shake my head. "Um, something in my teeth?" Again, I shake my head. He looks at me confused and a little self-conscious. "What is it?" "This really isn't your scene." I state. "What makes you say that," he asks, taking another drink. "Well, first off you're sitting alone at a bar. You're avoiding eye contact with just about everyone except for myself and you haven't once said a more to anyone beside one of us bartenders to order another drink. You're really not dressed to impress nor have you've shown any interest in impressing anyone. Your shoulders are locked and tight, saying that you're uncomfortable. You reach for your pocket every couple of minutes checking your phone as if you've missed a text from someone that will save you from this hell. And if this is your scene, you have a really bad way of showing it." He smiles. "Isn't it supposed to be the other way around? I do all the talking and you listen?" "You weren't offering much to listen to." His smile widens, showing his teeth. "Fair enough." I nod. "So I take it you're meeting someone." "Yeah," he nods, "We came here a week ago and today he gave me a call. I was supposed to meet him forty minutes ago." A boy comes up beside the man and ask me for two beers which I hand over to him for a twenty dollar bill in exchange. "He sounds like my friend Finn." I tell him. His ears perk up and he raises his eyebrow. "Finn? Finnick Odair?" I cautiously nod my head. "That's who I'm meeting." He tells me. I look him up and down, taking him in. Tall stature. Broad shoulders. Well built. Blond hair. Blue eyes. Pale skin. Chiseled jaw. Few freckles. Callused hands. Worn watch. Rope bracelets. Gray t-shirt. Plain jeans. Black Chucks. "I just got back to town last week," he tells me. And just as I am about to open my mouth, I am cut off. "Peeta!" The blond hair man in front of me turns his head to face the voice, to face Finn who pulls him into a quick