I do not own Harry Potter. He belongs to Queen Rowling. Enjoy the story! Chapter 1 The Cat's Eye Pub would be a bizarre place to find a witch or wizard from Great Britain. That's because this dive bar operates in a historic muggle community known as Fell's Point in Maryland, USA. The pub's teal painted exterior and white-accent windows distinctly poke out amongst the rest of the attached buildings lining the cobblestone street. And with the "Best Live Music in Baltimore" resonating in a vintage building with 32 beer taps, it isn't difficult to understand what draws people to this type of establishment. Tonight in particular feigned the interest of five individuals, including one witch and one wizard from Great Britain. The patrons talked amongst themselves as a jazz band's sultry brass sounds mingled with a woman's melodic voice. At the bar top, people sat shoulder-to-shoulder and attempted to relay their drink requests to the multi-tasking bartenders; hoping to find that satisfying boozy elixir to start, continue, and end the night with. As the evening dragged on, boisterous groups of people congregated around tables littered across the floor. "Ha! Just admit it," shouted a pint-sized woman with raven black hair. Her caramel eyes sparkled with unshed tears from laughing as her cheeks and abdominal muscles ached with each escaping breath. "You had no clue what you were doing! I saw your chest wall expanding and contracting very rapidly so I could only imagine what your respiratory rate was si-" "Hey!" A short balding man with jade green eyes interjected as his finger sliced through the air and drunkenly pointed across the table towards the woman. "You spoke medical jargon! Take a drink, Mia." After spending the past couple of hours drinking, his heavy eyelids were straining to remain open in order to bear witness to Mia completing her punishment for breaking the rules of their drinking game. The rest of the group snickered in response to Mia's slipup as she pouted and stared apologetically at the other woman seated with this rowdy bunch. Mia stumbled towards the empty seat beside the woman and stared with puppy dog eyes, attempting to keep the other woman's gaze. She sat beside the other woman and leaned in closer. Mia gently cupped the woman's face and said, "P-p-ppp-pplllease don't make me dwink anymore. I pwomise not to do it again." The entire table burst out into a roar of laughter at Mia's pitiful attempt to speak with a baby voice. Once the laughter died down the other woman hushed the two men from making any comments and turned her attention towards Mia. Unblinking, the woman stared intently into Mia's face and said, "Quentin is right, Mia." After a long pause, she continued, "Youuuu-uuu brooo-ooke theee-ee ru-uules." Hermione Granger sang that phrase over and over as she slowly slid a glass full of beer towards Mia's hands. "Remember," she cried as she turned to face the rest of the group with beer in hand, accidentally spilling a bit on Mia during her twirl around. "Oops! Ha! I'm sorry, Mia." Hermione grabbed some napkins and began to dab Mia's shirt. Satisfied that her shirt showed some improvement, Hermione continued. "Remember…. the moment any one of us utters medical terminology…we must drink a full glass of beer." "Ugh! You know my layman's terms can be nonexistent when it comes to respir- I mean breathing stuff," complained a defeated Mia. She gave Hermione the stink eye as her body swayed back and forth on her stool; her bloodshot eyes blinking forcefully to refocus on the glass full of golden lager awaiting her consumption. "Sweetheart, stop your griping and just drink it already," exclaimed a man with honey brown hair sitting to Hermione's right. Mia stuck her tongue out at him in response to his support in destroying her liver. As for the wizard, unnoticed by the crowd and Hermione thanks to Polyjuice Potion, he sat at the bar top observing the exchanges between the group of friends. His prominent features were altered because he deemed them too noteworthy and he would stick out like a sore thumb in this type of establishment. He also made sure to discreetly position himself with his line of sight giving him the best advantage to monitor the group and eavesdrop with Extendable Ears. After several hours of witnessing their buildup to this inebriated state, the wizard began to feel restless. He didn't know what it was he was looking for tonight, or why he should have even bothered to come to America, but he knew there was a possibility that something would present itself to explain Hermione's presence here; more specifically her presence in this point in time. Taking a swig from his drink, he began to think about previous events that brought him here tonight, " A muggle bar of all places," he thought cynically. From what he had gathered these past two years, Hermione left the wizarding world sometime after graduating Hogwarts. She moved to Scotland and attended St. Andrews before transferring to John Hopkin's University in America to train as a medical doctor. " And now the two magic folk are occupying the same bar on the same night at the same time . All because tonight marks the end of her training as a Cardiologist ," brooded the wizard as he gulped down his drink and gestured simultaneously to the barkeep to bring another one. The ending of her time at John Hopkins also signified the conclusion of her residency in America. And the three individuals Hermione wanted to spend her last hours with were hospital staff that worked long grueling hours alongside her in the ICU. She referred to them as "my homies." The woman with black hair is what her profession refers to as a Respiratory therapist. The balding man is called a Nurse Practitioner named Quentin. And the one sitting beside Hermione is a Pulmonologist named Dawson. From the outside looking in, one would consider that this wizard was obsessed with Hermione. That for the past years he may have dreamt up an unhealthy pseudo relationship with her resulting in his continuance of stalking her for the past two years. However, this wizard does not necessarily spend his days preoccupied with thoughts on Hermione nor what her life consists of at all times. Instead she was nothing to him, and he was nothing to her. What puzzled and intrigued him most was how she acquired her education. Working with people in the Ministry allowed this wizard to enter and exit the building whenever he wanted. One ordinary day he was walking out of a fireplace when a conversation amongst two Order members walking ahead of him caught his attention. "…been a hell of a ride. Now that she's in America, Hermione is getting the proper training she's been wanting," Ron Weasley loudly whispered to his father. "Ssshhhhh! Not now, we'll finish this later tonight," Arthur shushed his son as he glanced around to see if anyone looked to have the slightest interest on their conversation. After a few seconds, father and son parted ways not realizing that they piqued the interest of a determined wizard. Gathering information on Hermione was a simple task for the wizard. He lives comfortably and has a superfluous amount of funds to buy his needs and needs to know. After learning Hermione relocated to Maryland and that she was calling herself a "medical doctor", he dug a little deeper to find out what exactly a doctor is. And what he discovered surprised him: Hermione Granger had completed a four-year degree in just one year. He knew she was considered "the brightest witch of her age", but this kind of accomplishment seemed unattainable from wizarding standards. After considering the possibilities, he developed a theory. And he found himself to be considering this theory over and over tonight. " No ," he thought as he shook his head and picked up his rocks glass to take a sip of the fiery amber liquid, "there is no possible way she could have one. They were destroyed years ago." Hermione suddenly stood from her seat and gestured towards the girl with black hair to follow her. They made their way towards the restroom as the two men sat closer together to talk to each other without yelling. "How weird is it going to be not having Hermione here, man? I mean it hasn't sunk in yet, but alcohol is playing a big factor on my emotions right now and I'm getting pretty sad, dude," Quentin stated as he leaned into Dawson's side. He tilted his head against Dawson's broad shoulder and sighed pitifully as he sipped on a bitten straw poking out of a glass of blue liquid. Unexpectedly Dawson turned towards Quentin, grabbed his shoulders with both hands, and held him forcefully in front of him. "It's gonna be really hard for me once she's gone, Quentin," admitted Dawson. His eyes revealed a mix of fear, worry, and desperation as his furrowed brows intensified his admission of… love? Like? Dawson couldn't tell for sure what his feelings truly meant. But what he did know was that he cared about Hermione deeply, and her absence would cause his particularly selective heart to ache from loneliness and lost love. After several seconds of staring into each other's blood shot eyes, Dawson's face turned into one of conviction and determination. "I'm gonna tell her tonight, Quentin. I NEED to tell her how I feel before she goes, right?" His conviction quickly replaced with hopeful despair as he slowly released Quentin from his grasp and lowered himself back into his stool. He plopped his elbows on the table and hung his head into hands; inhaling and exhaling deeply as he thought about how he was going to pull off persuading Hermione to stay behind…for him. "Dawson, I honestly have no clue. I mean I know Hermione, but I really don't know her, ya know? I know she's fierce when it comes to her job and she is a blast to be around with when it comes to hanging out outside of work. But when it comes to analyzing the inner workings of that intelligent woman's brain then I'm in for a loop. You know she never has spoken about her past. I don't even want to bring it up in fear that it's something that it is a touchy topic," replied Quentin. He placed his hand against Dawson's rounded back and attempted to console his friend with a few pats. Dawson stopped listening to his friend for a while, and twirled a toothpick absentmindedly around his mouth as Quentin rambled on about the what if's on Hermione's past, "Worst case scenario is that she's a drug lord…but she's changed her ways…she's like Mother freakin' Theresa now!" "What about Mother Theresa," asked Mia as she sat down beside Dawson and waved the waitress to their table. "Whatever, I am tapping out guys. I think my limit was reached about 3 beers ago. I'm out for the count." "Yeah, I'm done too. I'm not getting any younger so you know what that means?" Quentin smiled expectantly at the group as they all simultaneously rolled their eyes. "Because…. I ain't as good as I once was. But I'm as good as I eveeeerrrr waaaaas," sang Quentin as he stumbled ungracefully back into his chair and smiled proudly at the group. "I love me some Toby Keith." "Oh we know, Quentin," assured Hermione. As the time passed, the group began to grow smaller. It was Mia who left first. She made sure to hug Hermione tightly and provided her with every means of communication she could possibly supply to her. "Take care, Hermione. I am not saying goodbye though! It is never goodbye because I know we will see each other again. It's in our stars," Mia stated happily as she glanced up towards the ceiling and smiled optimistically. Quentin