AUTHOR: Marethiel TITLE: Of Mice and Men and Elves and Dwarves RATING: PG-13 SUMMARY: Yes, I'm afraid it's another one of those "Elessar tries to elude his guard" things, but I'm hoping it will keep interest enough for readers to continue through to the end. 1st Place Teitho "Pranks" challenge, April 2010. AUTHOR'S NOTES: This is a proofed and edited version of the story posted on Teitho. It is slightly AU and quite definitely more movie- than book-verse. (thanks for the heads up, Raksha and pete - truly, I appreciate it! Poetic license is one thing, being outright wrong is another. My thanks.) The years are a bit muddled the ages of Elessar and Arwen's children, the settling and building of Legolas' area of Ithilien. I simply ask that you observe a willing suspension of disbelief and try to enjoy it anyway. :-) STATUS: Complete BETA: Cairistiona, Rachel; strong editorial support from Raksha the Demon and pete. Ithilien, Settlement of Legolas Greenleaf, The Fourth Age "Why the long face, my friend? Truly, you look as dejected as the day Master Elrond learned you had been the one guilty of hiding all of Glorfindel's boots, and not the twins after all." Startled from his reverie, Aragorn Elessar raised his grey eyes, wide with surprise, and stared at the smirking face of his dear old friend, Legolas Greenleaf, Prince of Mirkwood. At his friend's side sat Gimli, son of Glo n, of Erebor. These three members of the Fellowship, grown older in the ensuing years (nearly thirty since the destruction of the One Ring) were resting in comfort in a grassy area under Legolas' beautiful trees with goblets of chilled, clear spring wine in their hands. The stately home more a castle - Gimli had begun to build to Legolas' direction was finding its lines now as it grew and expanded over the years. The beautiful trees Legolas had insisted Gimli build around provided shelter and protection from heat and storms, wind and rain. This lovely arbor, filled with grapevines, strawberry and blueberry plants, as well as fruit trees of many kinds, was growing into a lovely, aromatic haven for Legolas and his guests. There were several guests at the castle at this time, including the Lord Steward of Gondor and his White Lady; all were present to celebrate the Spring Festival here in Ithilien in a few days' time. Today, the three companions rested in contented peace, away from the noise of workers or mortal villagers. Away, even, from the presence of the King's Guard, which was a rare feat indeed. The D nedain of the North had flourished in the last thirty years. Young men from Eriador, healthy, strong D nedain men, populated the King's personal guard. Captain at the moment was Br ganu, the youngest son of Aragorn's beloved kinsman, Halbarad. Aragorn thought back to that long ago prank with a rueful chuckle. The situation named had earned him two very long weeks' worth of hard work cleaning tack and warriors' gear under Glorfindel's stern eye. The king laughed and shook his head for a moment in memory of that day long ago. He raised an eyebrow at his friend, who had also been there; Aragorn marveled to think that truly, Legolas looked not a day older than he had that summer day when Estel had been fourteen years old, a day nearly a century behind them. "I am no longer the stripling youth I was, filled with ill-conceived ideas," said Elessar loftily, but with a smile in his voice and a sparkle in his eye. "What is this nonsense of which you speak, Legolas?" asked Gimli, leaning back in his chair, puffing on his pipe. Legolas regaled the dwarf with the story of young Estel's prank on the Great Lord of the House of the Golden Flowemaking Gimli laugh at the boy's audacity. "You set your heights high, Laddie! Glorfindel? He'd slain a Balrog! Did you not fear his wrath?" Aragorn smiled and shook his head. "Nay, my friend. The worst punishment I ever faced from Glorfindel was a well-deserved switching for disobedience on the training ground. Only one was necessary to place me once again on the righteous path. Glorfindel might have been a fearsome warrior to some, but to me he was -" He was about to say more when he heard footsteps behind him and sighed. So much for our unbroken privacy.. Schooling his expression to a bland acceptance, Aragorn waited for his Captain to come before him. To his surprise, both Br ganu and the Elf Arassarod, Legolas' Seneschal, entered their circle. "Your Majesty, my apologies for the intrusion." Aragorn nodded in acceptance, and gestured for the young soldier to speak, but it was Arassarod who turned to Legolas instead. "There is a contingent from the village here, m'lord. There have been rumblings in the earth, and the villagers are frightened." Aragorn raised an eyebrow in concern; it was the first he'd heard of this. Legolas sighed, nodding, then glanced at Gimli. "It is you who are one with rock and stone, my friend. What would you have me tell them? Gimli sighed and set down his goblet. "It's true these rumblings can sometimes come before more serious tremors," he agreed quietly, "but these are rare, Legolas, and the rumbling generally come to naught. It has been many years since a serious quaking of the earth has occurred, particularly in this area. Even the active volcanoes are quiet." He set the goblet down. "Still, I can understand their uneasiness " Legolas rose to his feet. "Well, then, let us be off and reassure my people, shall we, Master Dwarf?" "Aye, Master Elf, lead on," responded Gimli rising to his feet to follow. Legolas turned to Aragorn. "Shall you join us, Aragorn?" The King shook his head. "Nay, my friend. My presence might serve the purpose of undermining your authority with your people. It is you to whom they should look for guidance. I shall see you at the evening meal." "Very well, mellon nin," nodded Legolas, with a smile. Aragorn watched his friends head back toward the castle a bit wistfully, then closed his eyes, enjoying the peace: water playing over the rocks in the creek nearby, the sounds of the birds and animals of the wood; the light wind ruffling leaves and grasses and the crunch of earth under the remarkably large boots of a King's Guardsman. Aragorn opened one eye to glance to his left and found Br ganu standing at attention. At Aragorn's pointed look, the Captain smiled slightly and stepped back roughly six feet, but remained at attention, clearly not planning to move another inch. Aragorn sighed and closed his eyes once more, wondering if he should mention to Legolas at the evening meal how beautifully fragrant and colorful a prison his home had become Arwen sat at her dressing table, slowly using the long, steady strokes that brushed out her hair, and studied the figure of her husband, standing before the hearth. Though the spring days were warm and lovely, evenings and early morning still bore a chill, and the crackling flames were a comfort. "It was a lovely evening, was it not, Estel? She was not surprised at his silence. Though their evening had been lovely, filled with wonderful food, sparkling conversation and pleasant music, her husband had shown considerable restlessness and distraction, as though he simply could not relax. They'd retired early, begging leave of their companions, and headed to their suite. The exhaustion was real. Both were nearly ready for bed; Aragorn stood barefoot before the fire, a goblet of wine in his hand, though he'd barely touched it. He wore merely leggings and a shirt, open and comfortable and the color of the flames danced on the white linen, warming the tones of his skin and hair. Sighing softly, Arwen gracefully swept to her feet and padded over to him. She touched his arm ever so gently; he still started, so lost in his thoughts was he. "What's this? A Ranger caught off his guard?" she whispered, allowing her touch to be more firm. Her thoughts on his troubles were confirmed when he winced at her choice of words. He flushed slightly. "My apologies, my love. I was thinking," he said softly, brushing her forehead with his lips. "I noticed," she nodded. "Estel, dearest, I would have you talk to me, unburden yourself if you wish. Remember Elrond's words that a trouble shared is one halved?" He glanced at her. "You believe I am troubled?" She stroked his cheek. "I believe you are distressed, beloved, and I would have you at peace." He nodded, lifting his arm so that she might cuddle next to him as they looked into the crackling hearth together. "I I am distressed, though I'm at a loss to explain it easily, my love," he said softly. "I have no wish to hurt or cause pain." Arwen decided to cut short the discussion and ease his path. "You wish you had the relatively carefree life of a D nedain Ranger once more; that your every move was not tracked by your personal guard, and that people could leave you in peace to think, to walk, to dream. In many ways, you wish you were not King." Shocked, Aragorn looked down at her. She retrieved the goblet before the wine stained Legolas' carpet and set it aside. "Estel, I am the daughter of the Master of Imladris. Do you not think Elrond faced these same restrictions and feelings? Why do you think one of the few rooms in Imladris with a lockable door was his study? Why do you think Erestor worked so diligently to plan the private gardens to be so cloistered? Adar recognized his desperate need for solitude, to recover from the demands of leadership." He smiled slightly and shook his head in admiration at her. "I will learn, someday, not to be surprised by the depth of your intuition and knowledge, vanimelda." He sighed then, leaning his forehead against hers. "In one thing, though, you are wrong; I do wish to be I am up to the task and know that my people, all of my people, need me. But I do wish change could be effected. Sadly, there are far more important things to which I must devote my time than detailing the responsibilities of the King's Guard." He leaned over and kissed her. "You do understand when I say I wish solitude sometimes I am not sad or displeased with our life together?" he asked, a bit of worry in his grey eyes. She smiled. "Of course. Have you never wondered why I often will spend time with the children? They are too old now for a nurse, really. Eldarion would be deeply offended if I alluded to that." Aragorn snorted in laughter, thinking of the adolescent outrage that would be present on his sixteen-year-old's face if his mother used those words. Their daughters, too, would take the reference to "nurse" as an affront. "It affords me time alone, as well, my love, as they will often disappear to their own devices." She felt some of the tension ease from her husband. "You must balance better, dearest. Overburdening yourself serves no one, least of all the people whom you protect. You must find ways to ease your tensions." She smiled wickedly, her hand snaking up under his open shirt. She tickled along his spine, making him shudder, then chuckle. "I can think of a wonderful way to ease tension and distract you " Aragorn laughed softly at the naughty grin on her face, and leaned down to kiss her, deeply. He was delighted to feel his body respond, despite being so weary. It had been too long! His hand gently slid one narrow strap of her nightdress off her shoulder, clearing way for him to nuzzle the base of her throat where neck met shoulder. She purred