Summary: Samantha Huntley moves to Forks, Washington to an aunt's house after an unfortunate event took place in her life. She clearly disliked moving across the country leaving behind two best friends with one whom she knew needed her and the other undoubtedly obsessed about the Twilight Saga which Samantha absolutely loathed. So what happens when she becomes face to face with people having the same names and characteristics as in the fictional story? Samantha soon becomes suspicious that all is not right with the Twilight Universe and the world on the outside of it. First and foremost, what is up with the nervous police chief in Samantha's presence? Secondly, the obsessed friend is in a meltdown back home from the missing memorabilia in her room and no one recalls ever reading or watching anything pertaining to Stephanie Meyer's bestseller Twilight. And thirdly, Samantha tries to escape the twilight zone several times, but there are supernatural vices literally standing in her way. *******************~ o ~ O ~ C ~ O ~ o ~*********************** Disclaimer: I am NOT Stephenie Meyer and I don't own any of the Twilight series' characters or stories. No Copyright Infringement intended. Important : My original characters come out to play with Stephenie's. And Stephenie Meyer's Twilight series characters will stay as they are but with any FF sometimes it hard to get it exactly right. With that being said, there have been a few relation changes to fit in with this plot. Canon Couples Except for one. This is a Saga and guess estimated over 400,000 words. It will all be posted here. Although it's science fiction, it's mostly realistic. There are two characters that use tobacco underage. This does change. Some people find it unnerving or appalling. However, the characters do beat the habit! The 'F' word is used during stressing times. It's not obsessively throughout. This story has a strong plot and I'm very proud of it. And yes, it's is my own idea with no outside help. This page will be split in two parts; Prologue & Chapter One. Revised by Momma Love 2/14/13 Please vist Corineabella's profile page. There are links to a video & a fan page. Prologue 'Clump' My eyes flashed open to view the back of a wide blue seat. Whatever the sound was, it had startled me from a nap. Was the plane crashing? In my panic, my hands grabbed the armrests on either side of me as the plane descended downward slightly. I shut my eyes as tight as I could. There was no point in looking around to find any other matching faces of horror that would surely make me scream out the bubbling fear arising in my chest. I never should have trusted my aunt when she suggested flying to Seattle. So many things could go wrong while in the air; from the planes malfunction to a high-jacking. The terrorist's attack on 9/11 briefly flashed behind my eyelids and consumed my mind. Perspiration began forming on my forehead. Renting a car to drive almost three thousand miles to me felt safer, but traveling for four to five days had seem unappealing. I should know because I had traveled to Montana and back recently. A soft touch rested on top of my left hand; a hand that had gone completely numb at the knuckles from holding the armrest too tightly. I felt my aunt lean on my shoulder and she whispered soothingly into my ear, "Sammie, it's just the landing gear. We'll be landing shortly." Before I could even open my eyes to trust her explanation for the noise and descent, I sat there for a few seconds, simply listening to the sounds inside of the plane. There were no screams or any other inclination of them falling from the sky. Muffled conversations surrounded us in buoyancy for our approaching destination. Surely if we were heading for disaster, nobody would be carefree about it. My aunt laughed when I jerked my head in her direction, hesitantly opening my eyelids. As I locked my eyes with her golden hazels, a frown deepened onto my face, eventually turning into a scowl. How could she be laughing at my fright? I didn't know her well enough to reprove her. It's only been three weeks, but in that short time frame I knew she wasn't like my mother at all. With the laughter gone, her smile faded into a frown of its own. She removed her hand from mine to my upper arm, shaking it slightly. I averted my eyes to the other passengers as she began speaking in a hushed tone without really being able to see their faces. "You were so out of it that you didn't hear the captain on the intercom or the stewardess telling you to put on your seat-belt. I took it upon myself to buckle it. Even then, that didn't wake you. Did you get any sleep last night?" She asked. In her voice, I could tell she was desperate for conversation. But most of all, she was deeply worried about me. Not because I had been frightened that our plane might be falling into pieces. Though, that would have been the icing to all our troubles or the end of them. No, it was the lack of sleep and appetite since the funeral. "Sorry, Aunt Maggie." I managed to say whilst looking down at the buckled seat-belt and putting my clammy hands in my lap. Then I added, "And thank you. For everything" And I truly meant it with all sincerity. As my aunt nodded, she leaned away and began looking out the small window. I wiped the sweat from my hands onto my faded blue jeans. At the knees, my ivory skin peeked out from the rips in the fabric. It reminded me of the small argument we had before leaving the motel in Atlanta. I sighed heavily as guilt nearly swallowed me whole. Earlier that morning, I told my aunt she wasn't going to replace my mother by telling me my clothes were "undesirable". I refused to change into twenty-something business style outfit that she had bought for me specifically for this trip and also made it clear to not ever again nag me about my choices in fashion. The distress that overcame her facial features then has not wavered any from my mind since. In all honestly, I wanted to make her somewhat happy again. But for the life of me, I couldn't find what was so wrong with a yellow tank top and faded blue jeans. I knew the holes at the knees where the problem, but I disliked the binding feeling over my knees in the Levi's and other than the color of the tank top, it was always my apparel. For nine months throughout the year, I had to wear button-up blouses and skirts to Sumter Academy. I hated it with such passion that as soon as I stepped through the front door of our house, I started yanking them off as I made my way towards my bedroom without really bothering to care who saw. It was a hopeless situation to stay in those clothes any longer than I had too. As long as I got good grades and maintained good behavior at school, my mother never once complained about what I wore while I was away from the establishment, so why did my aunt have to? The wheels of the plane skidded on the tarmac bringing me back to the present. I said a silent prayer thanking the Lord for landing us safely, even though I was upset with Him. Although, my mother and I had attended a Baptist church regularly throughout my sixteen years, I wouldn't say I had been a complete fan. Since the unfortunate event that has happened in my life, the faith I once had has been tested to a point where I may never walk into another church ever again. In any case, I still believe in prayers whether they reach Him or not. It just gave me comfort to do so. "Samantha, are you okay?" Aunt Maggie asked. Suddenly, I realized the plane had come to a full stop. It had already taxied to the gate. The pretty stewardess stood in the aisle smiling down at me with a small compact suitcase on wheels waiting for me behind her. We were in first class and I became mortified at the thought of holding up anyone to get off the plane due to the lack of my attention. Instead of answering my aunt, I tried to stand but the seat-belt held me in place. I felt my face turned a crimson red as I unbuckled it and finally stood. "Here, Sammie." My aunt said as she handed me my tote containing my laptop among other personal items. I could not look at her as I took it and began making my way towards the exit without looking back at her knowing she became once again, concerned. As the first set of coach passengers came into view, they gave me a look of disgust. Aunt Maggie may want to believe it was my choices in clothes, but aggravation was clear on their facial features. I gave them a weak smile in hopes of an apology. Besides, it wasn't my idea to sit in first class. It was hers Entering the lobby, my aunt had grabbed my hand. I guess me being absentminded on the plane she didn't want to take the chance of me getting lost in the crowd. Someone had called her name from afar and we made our way over to where a Native American woman stood smiling at our arrival. She seemed to be in her middle ages, like my aunt. The slender woman, a few inches below my height of five' seven, has the most striking, shinning, black hair I had ever seen and the entire length is braided down to her hips. There is no doubt in my mind that they were friends when Aunt Maggie let go of my hand to embrace the woman with open arms. "Welcome home, Maggie." The woman spoke with pure and utter kindness. As they pulled apart, my aunt reached for my hand again. "Thank you so much for coming all this way to pick us up." She glanced at me and gestured to her friend with her free hand. "This is my niece, Samantha. Samantha this is my best friend, Allison Uley." Why couldn't my aunt introduce me as Sammie? Ugh! And I'm not a five year old where she needs to hold my hand. I swiftly take my hand back, settling it on the strap, joining the other hand that is holding my leather tote on my shoulder. I made it seem like I needed it. I thought she would give me a fretful look, but all she did is sigh. "It's nice to meet you, Samantha." Allison ignores our small exchange and blinks her wide brown eyes encased by thick eyelashes at me. She is pretty and has a sweet voice. "It's nice to meet you as well. My friends call me Sammie." I said politely. She nods and smiles. "Well, shall we go retrieve the luggage and hit the road?" Allison asked. My aunt nods in response. "Yes. I'm ready to get home." Aunt Maggie said pensively and then begins to promenade to baggage claims as Allison joins in the pace beside her. My aunt looks over her shoulder to make sure I'm following, and unenthusiastically, I am. I kept my gaze downward most of the way there as my aunt and her friend chatted about life in general. I had no desire to either speak or join in the topics that came up. Every now and then, my aunt would touch my arm to make sure I was alert and not completely lost in my thoughts. I tried to keep my mind empty for