Right Hand Witch A/N: As per usual, I do not own any of the characters or the music attached to this story. So, for some reason, my brain thought it to be a good idea to build more on the universe I'd created in Duel Less, Study More and thus this story was born. James as Washington to Lily's Hamilton almost felt right in some way, plus I felt it was time to establish more of the characters. Plus, a dash of insecurities as they grow up. Please, let me know what you think! Also suggestions for songs and/or characters are always welcomed! James Potter was an odd sort, at least that's what his friends thought. Despite the fact that he was named after two of the greatest pranksters Hogwarts had ever seen, James' main focus was not on pranks. Sure, he'd throw a prank here and there for laughs, mess with his siblings and cousins, and of course defend them from any gits messing with them but pranking was not something he wanted to base the rest of his life on. While his uncle's shop was cool, James didn't see himself as the type of person who would run a shop. No, James wanted to be an Auror like his father before him. That was one of the reasons why he spent so much time in the library this past school year. If he did become an Auror, James did not want it to be because his father was, well, Harry Potter. Boy Who Lived, Tri-Wizard Champion, Man Who Conquered, Head Auror…you know, the works. Plus, it would just be embarrassing to fail Defense Against the Dark Arts when your father was Harry Bloody Potter. Sighing, James leaned back and tried to get to sleep. It was nearing the end of July and they still had not received their OWL results, and James was starting to go off the wall. Louis had been owling him once a week, asking if he'd received his results yet. Of course he hadn't. No one in their year had. As James turned over on to his side, a sudden lump formed in his stomach as a dreaded thought began to form—what if he actually failed his Defense OWL? I mean, there was that period of time when he stopped studying to give those Slytherin prats a hard time for messing with Louis when Lily told him about it. Could that have been the difference between an A and a P? James honestly didn't know what would be worse—outright failing the exam or passing but not getting the mark needed to take the class at NEWT level. Teddy was filling in this year as part of his Auror training—something about making sure he could instruct a lower ranked member or something. All James knew was that it'd be so cool to be taught by Teddy. Er.. Professor Lupin. But he was requiring an O to make it to the NEWT level classes. Only reason James even knew that was because he overheard his dad and Teddy talking about it one night. Thank Merlin for the extendable ears. Sighing, James turned back on to his back and stared at the ceiling, hoping something would come that would force him to sleep. But all he could hear was the thumping of his heart. Thump Thump Wait, that was too loud to be his heart. James sat up and put his glasses on before going over and looking out the window. Shaking his head in amusement, James stared as his little sister kept flying back and forth, using apples as pretend bludgers and trying to hit the same target each time. Trying being the operative word. Opening the window, James breathed in the early morning air before focusing on his sister's antics. "Lily, what in Merlin's name are you doing?" he called out as softly as he could, not wanting to wake their parents. Lily, though, seemed to hear him call to her as she turned the broom and flew up to the window. "Practicing Quidditch, what does it look like?" Lily asked with a smirk. "At three in the morning? Shouldn't you be sleeping?" James asked with a raised eyebrow. "Shouldn't you?" Lily shot back. "Touché," James sighed. "Seriously though, what are you doing?" Lily looked down at the bat in her hands and then looked back at him, shooting James a sheepish smile. "I'm thinking of trying out for the Quidditch team this year." "Why?" James asked, leaning on the ledge of the window. "Quidditch isn't exactly your thing. You've told us that before." One of the things he had to admire about his sister was the fact that she didn't change who she was because it might be easier to handle. Being the only Potter or Weasley who didn't at least play in the pick up family game had to be rough for her—especially when Uncle Percy's kids were better at the sport than she was. But Lily never saw a problem with it. She was fine sitting under a tree or curled on the couch and reading whatever book she'd brought along. Lately it was all about Alexander Hamilton, an obsession that James was not so secretly hoping she'd grow out of. It was bad enough when it was just Hugo that was obsessed with her but then she dragged Louis into it! He couldn't have a conversation with his cousin without the man interjecting some fact about Lafayette that he had discovered. "I know," Lily rolled her eyes and leaned back a little on her broom. Despite not being into Quidditch, it was almost genetically impossible for a Potter to not be a good flyer. Their mum and dad had them on brooms since they could walk. "But I heard Uncle Percy talking to Aunt Audrey the other day and he said he was worried about how 'standoffish' I was." "Uncle Percy said that?" James scoffed. "The man practically invented the phrase 'standoffish'. At least, that's according to Uncle Ron. Besides, unless you're planning to work at the Ministry and then abandon your family due to a new job that puts you in a position of power, I don't think you have anything to worry about." "That definitely won't be a problem," Lily giggled and James grinned. All the Potter siblings were pretty close but there was a time when he was Lily's hero. She followed him everywhere and wanted to only spend time with him. Since that spot went to Hugo, James felt almost uninvolved in his sister's life. "James?" Lily asked, breaking James out of his thoughts. "Yeah Lils?" "If we're going to continue to talk, can I come inside? This broom's starting to become really uncomfortable," Lily stated, shifting from side to side. "Sure," James chuckled, knowing exactly what she meant. "I'll meet you downstairs." Quickly making his way downstairs as Lily dove down to the ground, James made his way into the kitchen and started boiling some water for a cup of tea. Something told him he was going to need it. "Since when did you become mum?" Lily chuckled as she walked in to the kitchen, the broom she was using draped over her shoulders. "I don't know, probably when you became Uncle Percy," James shot back and Lily chuckled. Sitting down at the table, Lily set the broom down next her and rested her head in her hands. "Is that my broom?" James asked as he started pouring the tea into the cups, having decided to make an extra cup for Lily as well. He wasn't mad per se, just wished Lily had asked before borrowing his broom. "One of Mum's old brooms," Lily told him. "You know Mum has that collection in the shed just gathering dust. One of the perks of being on the Harpies I guess. You always had to replace your broom." "Well Mum was a chaser," James told her as he added the milk and sugar into their cups. "With the amount of action those players see, it's not surprising to have to replace your broom more than once." "Why haven't you?" Lily asked as she took the cup from James. "I mean, you're one of the best chasers Gryffindor has seen since Mum. According to Teddy, that is." "Fred keeps the bludgers at bay," James chuckled and took a sip of his tea. "So, you all of a sudden started giving a crap of what Uncle Percy thought?" Lily sighed and wrapped her hands around the mug. "It's not just Uncle Percy. I know I've been the dark sheep of the family ever since I had that outburst when I was eight." "Yeah, shouting you hate Quidditch when Mum arranged for you to have her former team mates at your party probably wasn't the wisest move," James nodded and Lily flushed at the reminder. "It's just, with the Hamilton stuff now, I'm just worried everyone's going to remember I'm the freak of the family. You know, overly obsessed with muggle music, not involved in Quidditch," Lily said softly, looking into the depths of her mug and so not able to see James frown. James looked at his youngest sibling in shock. I mean, he didn't exactly keep it a secret how his sister's Hamilton obsession baffled him, but she was not the 'black sheep' as she put it. She was twelve! Twelve year olds are weird! Everyone was weird at twelve and if you insisted you weren't, then you were lying! "Lily, is anyone giving you a hard time?" James asked, reaching over to put a hand on his sister's arm. "Not really," Lily told him and James sighed in relief. "But that doesn't mean they won't start." "Yeah right," James scoffed. "If anyone in our family even thinks something bad about one of us, Dad'll set them straight before they have the chance to say it out loud. Plus, you've managed to convert Louis and Hugo to your little Hamilton fan club. I'm sure they'll set them straight too." Lily gave him a weak smile but looked back down at her mug. James sighed and ran a hand through his hair. "Hey, you know when I get my OWL results and end up failing my DADA exam, we can form a club," he said and Lily shot him a look. "You're not going to fail your DADA exam!" Lily exclaimed, seeming to get a little bit of her confidence back. "Dad's been training us ever since we were old enough to know who Voldemort was." "So?" James asked and sighed. "I've never tested well Lils. You know that. I just…it's different between taking the exam and doing the spell in real life." Lily shook her head. "You're wrong. I know you're going to pass your OWL for DADA. In fact, I'll even make a bet with you." "What are the stakes?" James asked, slightly intrigued. The last bet he had made with his sister had been the night before his first year at Hogwarts. Lily still hadn't paid up the five chocolate frogs she owed him from betting that he'd end up in Hufflepuff. "If you get an O on your DADA OWL, you have to listen to a song from Hamilton of my choosing," Lily said smirking and James groaned. "What?" "You just got through saying you were worried about what the family thought and now you're dragging me into it?" "Hey, if more of us listen to it, maybe they'll leave me alone," Lily shrugged. James sighed. "Fine, but if I fail my exam or even get below an O, you have to confront Uncle Percy about what he said," James said and Lily made a face. "Come on, where's that Gryffindor bravery?" "Asleep," Lily muttered but took a long sip of her tea. "Fine, I agree to the terms." The two siblings shook on it and, after finishing their tea, went up to try to get