Warnings: Abuse of various sorts. Sexual content. You get the idea. Forbearance (n): the quality of someone who is patient and able to deal with a difficult person or situation without becoming angry My cellphone buzzed on the floor next to me, staccato vibrations that I could feel in my bones. Alice's dark eyes flickered up at me, glaring. Her hand paused from where she was painting my nails, and a drop of deep blue polish threatened to drip down off of the brush and onto my cuticle. "Don't you dare answer that text." "It's just James checking in. If I text him back he'll leave us alone." "For ten minutes, until he thinks he needs to ' check in ' again." There was a moment of silence where we both stared at each other. Rosalie stopped flipping her magazine from across the room, pausing to watch us in our stand-off. "Jesus, Alice, just let her answer the text." Alice huffed, throwing up her hands in exasperation. "Thanks, Rose," I said picking up my phone as delicately as I could. It was the third time Alice had stopped painting so that I could answer James. To give her credit, she had been very patient with me the first two times, taking extra time to dip the polish's wand back into the tiny glass bottle, wiping the excess off on the edges, pretending like she would have needed to pause anyway, whether I'd gotten a text or not. But if there was one thing I had learned, it was that no one had neverending patience. It was more like a non-renewable resource. "Fine. Answer it." Alice twisted the polish bottle closed and tossed it back into the basket with the dozens of others she had procured over the years. She went over to where Rosalie was lounging on the bed and curled up to read over her shoulder. I slid open the screen of my phone. (1) New Message I pressed the button to open it and sat it aside while it loaded. Alice's house was out in the middle of nowhere, and considering that we lived in the middle of Nowhere, Washington, that was a feat. While I loved the scenic views, I hated the shitty service. That was one of the reasons James didn't let me visit Alice as often as I wanted to. With the bad service, sometimes I didn't get his texts until Alice or Rose was driving me back into town. He liked me to be closer to him, places where I didn't have an excuse to answer his texts a little late, places where he could stop by and see me. The message finally loaded. 6/19/2014 5:52 P.M. From: James To: Bella What are you doing? From: Bella To: James Alice is doing my nails I typed back a response and waited to make sure it sent before tucking the phone into my pocket. I stood up and hovered awkwardly at the edge of Alice's bed, letting one of my hands run up the glossy wood of the nearest post. Her eyes stayed strictly on the magazine as if she couldn't see me standing there. I took a deep breath, holding it in my lungs until it burned. "Any room up there for me?" I asked. Both of their eyes looked up at me. Rosalie smiled and began to scoot closer to Alice. One of her hands patted the pillow beside her. "For your skinny ass, I'm sure we can make a little room." We all curled up together to read an article about what mascara is best to wear at the beach during the summer. It didn't matter that Forks was miles away from any beach, any warm beach , my mind amended as I remembered the icy water and gritty sand at La Push. Looking at the sunkissed skin and lip-glossed smiles of the girls in Cosmo was as close as we could get, and it was nice to dream about. My phone buzzed. I heard Alice's sigh from the other sign of Rosalie while I maneuvered my phone out of my pocket. (1) New Message 6/19/2014 6:01 P.M. From: James To: Bella What color? None of that glittery bullshit like last time Mid-response, my phone buzzed again. What's Rose wearing tonight? My face burned. Against my will, my eyes trailed up and down Rosalie's long legs and smooth skin in the shorts and tank-top she had borrowed off of Alice as soon as we got out of the cold, misty Forks weather and into the Cullen's AC-oasis. My fingers felt numbed as I typed back. From: Bella To: James Blue polish. Sweats and a t-shirt. There was a knock on the door. "It's open," Alice called out. Mrs. Cullen's face appeared in the doorway, a smile already curling at her lips. Esme was easily the most beautiful older woman I had ever seen. Her hair was a rich caramel that she usually kept swept up into an effortless bun. Today, it was down making waves around her shoulders, and even if it was just beginning to be threaded through with gray hairs, her green eyes were bright and ageless. "Hello girls." "Hi Mrs. Cullen," I mumbled, taking my eyes off of her classic beauty and back to the make-up tips on the page. The words were blurry to me, but I pretended to read anyway. "It's Esme to you, Bella dear. Alice, have you heard from your brother?" Alice sat up, tucking her legs underneath her. "He was at school." "I know, I already called to check. Did he say where he was going after school?" Alice shook her head. I cleared my throat, and when everyone's eyes turned to look at me, my face flushed red. "Um, Mrs. Cullen, Esme, I heard something about a party over at the Whitlock's place tonight. That's where James is." "Whitlock. Is that-" "Whitlock, as in Jasper Whitlock," Alice chimed. Her face was twisted into a look of innocence, but judging by the sly smile on Mrs. Cullen's face, the hitch in Alice's voice hadn't gone unnoticed. "Thank you, Alice. And thank you, Bella, you were very helpful. You girls keep reading. Wait, is that one of my Cosmopolitan magazines?" Alice groaned, throwing her hands over her eyes. "God mom, it's not like we're twelve. We're sixteen -" My phone buzzed. I threw my legs off the side of the bed and turned away to open my latest text. (1) New Message 6/19/2014 6:15 P.M. From: James To: Bella Gross. Rose is such an ugly bitch I squeezed the phone, watched my knuckles turn white. I jammed my thumb against the power button and watched his message turn black. A hand touched my shoulder and it was Rosalie, her eyebrows drawn together. Her makeup was flawless, her skin-tone even and bright. She offered me a smile. Behind her, Alice was ushering out Mrs. Cullen, arms moving theatrically. "Are you okay?" "Yeah. Great. Just James, he's being a little-" I fought to think of a kind word, or at least one that wasn't too honest. "-clingy tonight." "Do you need me to run you home?" "No," I said quickly. I held up my phone to show her it was off. "I could really use some girl time." Alice's head turned sharply, her eyes wide. She pressed her back against her closed door and rested a hand over her heart as if trying to keep it in place. "Did I just hear what I thought I heard?" I held up my half-painted fingers. "I'd look a little silly with just half a manicure." "Yeah, well," Alice said, trying to smother her smile. " I wasn't going to say it." We resumed our position from earlier, Alice's tiny hands cradling my own, brushing the polish over my nails with the ease of someone who has had years of practice. Rose sat behind me, threading her fingers through my hair, making parts and twisting sections together. The gentle, rhythmic tugging on my scalp made my eyelids heavy. Having days like this with Alice and Rose reminded me of living in Phoenix with Renee, when we would tuck toilet paper between our toes to keep them apart while the polish dried, when we would dance around the house together with the radio turned up loud. Those were the happiest times of my life, the only really happy times I had with Renee. "What's the deal with your brother?" Rosalie asked Alice while she was braiding. "I thought they were going to ship him off to boarding school." Alice rolled her eyes. "You know mom. She'd never let dad send Edward somewhere where she couldn't be." The Cullens were relatively new to town. Before here, they had lived in Seattle where Edward had gotten kicked out of his old high school. They packed up and moved to Forks a year before mom sent me away to live with Charlie. They'd looked for a fresh start, somewhere where no one would know about Edward's old ways, but it wasn't long before he acquired his own reputation in the small town. He smoked in the bathrooms, cut a lot of class, but still managed to earn better grades than most of his class. Where he was bad, Alice was the opposite. It was easy to see that they weren't related. From what I understood, Edward had been a difficult pregnancy for Mrs. Cullen. After having an emergency C-section, the doctors advised her that for her own health and any children's health, she shouldn't try to conceive. Esme had her tubes tied and looked into adoption. A few years later they found baby Alice in an orphanage in Seattle, and the rest was history. Alice was probably the only good influence on her older brother. Edward was protective and he loved Alice like they had shared the same womb. "Esme and her heart of gold. If Edward was my son, I would have shipped him out of the country." "Hey, it didn't turn out to be so bad. They managed to get his old biology teacher to drop the charges. I guess only half of the guy's garage burned down, and they managed to salvage everything else." "Jesus," Rose muttered, shaking her head. "If your brother killed a priest, Carlisle and Esme could probably talk the Catholic church out of pressing charges." "Where would Edward ever encounter a priest? I can't imagine him in a church," I muttered under my breath. "Valid point. What's that old expression? Something about whores in church?" We all laughed, but our amusement was cut short at the sound of wheels churning up gravel in the drive. Alice screwed the cap on the nail polish and we all scrambled to her window, peaking through the sheer curtains. Edward's silver Volvo was parked crookedly, and he was sitting in the driver's seat rubbing his temple with one hand, smoking a cigarette with the other. Downstairs the front door opened, and Carlisle stepped into view, his arms crossed over his chest. "He's dead . Dad's going to kill him. Look at that parking job." Alice sniffed indignantly. "You'd think it was Helen Keller that had taught him how to drive." Edward got out of the car, shutting the Volvo's door behind him. His dark jeans hung low on his hips, his leather jacket hugged him sinfully. The dark hollows of his cheeks stood out as he took one last hit off of his cigarette before stomping it to ash in the drive. He called out to Carlisle, and the arguing began. Alice slid down on her knees and placed both hands against the window pane, gently sliding it up. Their voices were clearer, the angry tones distinct, but no words could be made out. "Damn." "If I asked them to, do you think they'd shout louder?" Rosalie snorted. "No." Alice threw the curtains aside and pulled the window open as far