THE BLACK SWAN Prologue: The Shape of Things to Come It was twilight, and it was going to be a full moon tonight. Perched over a quiet stream was Jasper's still form. One might wonder and perhaps marvel at the sight of a white marble statue. No, couldn't be… a mannequin perhaps, dressed up in Abercrombie and Fitch casual wear in the middle of the forest. How weird is that? Probably some high school prank, one might think. But to the animals in the forest, they were not fooled. Jasper stirred. His eyes blinked. He took in a breath and caught the scent before the venom quickly pooled in his mouth. He took a step and followed the scent a few miles, and stood 1,000 feet from the entwined lovers lost in each other. At another time or place he would have relished his good luck to have fallen upon such prey –two for one bonus dinner! But he stood still, and watched and listened to their whispered exchanges. He felt their love and passion, and lust. He smiled and then used his gift to project and amplify the feelings he sensed back to them. Based on what he heard, it was their first time sharing intimacy. He smiled vacantly as he walked backwards heading east towards another scent – a moose perhaps? The burning and suffocating feeling in his throat reminded him of his need to satisfy his vampire thirst. It had been 37 hours since he last fed. It had been 6 hours since he left that disastrous scene at the Cullen house where he almost fed on his brother's beloved human: Bella. Jasper "I cost my brother Edward his love, and my mate her best friend," Jasper lamented silently. "Why did Edward have to throw her into the table sending her crashing into all those glass plates that cut her? Because he was trying to protect her from me. That's why." There's no getting around it. I am fully responsible for what happened. But I wasn't the only one lusting after the girl's blood. The last thing Alice said to me before I fled was that Bella forgave me. And maybe that's why after I stormed off to sulk after the party; I find myself returning to Forks to try to apologize personally to Bella. I may be a monster, but I still hold onto my code of honor that I learned from my daddy: A southern gentleman never betrays a trust and never goes back on his word. Even though I always distanced myself from Bella, for her protection, she put her trust in me and my family to not hurt her every time she entered the house. That human girl was just as much family to me as Emmett or Rosalie or Carlisle or Esme. Hell, I helped kill another vampire to protect her. I told her in Phoenix, when we were fighting against that fucked up vampire, James, that she was worth fighting for. And she was. Hell, she still is. Jasper caught up to the large moose bathing in the stream. While it would have been nice to have had more of a battle with his prey, this would have to do. When he finished, he also caught a nearby elk and rabbit. Yelch! The last one was incredibly vile, but at least he was no longer thirsty, and better able to maintain his self-control – but to what purpose? Jasper ran through the forest, but not at top speed. Inexplicably, he ran almost at human speed to feel the embrace of the grass and dirt beneath his feet, and the ticklish, almost caressing feel of the leaves and branches as he moved. Their touch at least was devoid of judgment and pity. Jasper ran. At this rate he would be back at Forks in 2 hours, 33 minutes, and 7 seconds. And then what? Chapter 1 - Where did all the blue skies go? About 15 miles from Forks, Jasper passed the Quileute area, but not close enough to violate the treaty. Still, he caught a terrible and foul whiff of a scent he didn't immediately recognize. Something or someone was watching him. His empathic powers informed him that whatever it was, there was no immediate danger to him. So Jasper pressed on. He could feel his phone vibrating, but he ignored it. It was Alice. And that knowledge, instead of comforting him, irritated him. Even now, she didn't trust him to do the right thing, so he thought. Jasper cleared LaPush and passed the Forks police station. The moon was in full prominence. The town seemed unusually quiet – even for po-dunk Forks. As Jasper came closer to the Swan residence he heard worried cries from neighbors and passerbys who all said in different ways : "The Chief's girl is missing." He immediately gave himself over to his vampire senses and started tracking Bella. Everyone seemed preoccupied with exchanging morbid theories, so no one noticed his arrival or the fact that he had entered the forest. He picked up a faint trace of Edward several hours old. Finally, he locked onto a strong scent from Bella. He followed it for two miles as it got stronger. His blood quickened as he closed in on her scent and her exact location. "Bella is here in the forest alone?" Jasper gasped. "Edward, you son of a bitch, how could you do that to her?" As Jasper advanced deeper into the forest, he picked up the foul smell from earlier on when he was making his way back to Forks. It was the scent of a predator. Jasper tried to calm the panic growing within him. I need to get to her before the owner of the foul scent finds her first , Jasper thought. The frantic human voices calling out for Bella were getting louder. There, just over half a mile from the Swan residence, on the forest floor near a glacier rock, Jasper saw a hunched over figure crumpled to the ground. Bella. There was fresh blood. Jasper "Oh God, let her be alive," I prayed quietly, the first time in over 140 years. As I approached Bella, I was almost knocked over by the intensity of her emotions. She was muttering over and over again: "He's gone." She was truly a pathetic human being as she lay there on the ground. The whole scene was repulsive. I wanted to turn around and run. "Bella," I called to her, but she didn't respond. Her face and hands were covered with cuts and scrapes. She was bleeding, but just a little. Thank God I'd already fed. Perhaps my turbo charged adrenaline was allowing me some measure of self-control. But I didn't want to push my luck. The last thing I needed now was to replay that awful night, and this time actually kill her or worse. What to do? Maybe I could go towards the human voices and lead them back to her. It wouldn't take more than a few seconds. While I stood there deliberating over my next step, in an instant I found myself crouching and growling in response to a threat. I zeroed in on a young man 200 yards from Bella. I had never met him before. Piercing dark eyes stared at me. It was clear this was no mere human. I immediately knew that this was the oldest and greatest of our enemies. A werewolf. Quileute . He was approaching Bella. I needed to stop him. We lunged towards each other, and stopped when Bella whimpered. As the Quileute approached Bella and turned her over to look into her face, I saw his pained expression. My granite knees buckled slightly as the combined force of the Quileute's pity, anger and compassion. Bella's despair and my anxiety hit me like a tsunami. Whatever else was going on between the Quileute and me, I sensed we were both motivated by twin emotions: mutual fear, loathing and suspicion. But above all, protectiveness towards the human girl crumpled on the ground between us. The Quileute and I stared and growled at each other. "Don't you touch her, you blood sucking leech! My brothers and I will come after you and tear you limb to limb – for starters," the young man snarled at me before picking up Bella. Normally, such threats would elicit snide laughter from me. I am after all a tested warrior. I am lethal. But none of that really mattered at this moment. Looking at Bella's listless body in the Quileute's arms, all I could feel was remorse. "I found her," he called to the search party. I could hear and smell the approach of Chief Charlie Swan, Bella's father. I had seconds to escape before anyone would notice. Bella kept muttering: "He's gone." The Quileute was not going to let me anywhere near her. But she was safe, for now. "Bella," I called out softly to her, "I have to go now. I'll be back. I'll make it right for you, okay? I'm so sorry." My parting memory was of Bella's head on the Quileute male's shoulder, shuddering, her arms dangling and lifeless. Only her strong beating heart told me she was alive and unharmed – at least physically. If the Quileute male weren't holding Bella, I'm sure he would have tried to rip my head off from my shoulders. He truly detested everything about me. His hatred was palpable. I was ready to fight him to the death. But now was not the time. "We will see each other again, blood sucker, and settle the score at the time of my choosing. Rest up. You'll need it," he jeered. "Oh my God, my sweet baby girl" I heard Chief Swan cry in a strangled voice as he approached his daughter. But I was already gone. I scaled a tree and then leapt for a while to make sure no one saw me. I heard one of the humans mutter softly, "Wow, that must be some kind of hawk." I ghosted through the forest. I would be at the Cullen house in minutes. Cullen House I didn't need to see the darkened Cullen house to know it was empty. I couldn't detect the sound of Emmett's endless Wii games or his grunts. I couldn't hear the drum of computer keys as Esme worked on an interior design project. No sound of Carlisle rustling through one of his many leather bound first edition books or looking over a patient's file. I couldn't hear Rosalie tinkering on the piano keys as she sometimes did when she wasn't with Alice, who was usually working on some fashion design idea. "Alice," I said knowing she could not hear me, because she was… gone! The door was locked. I typed in the code, retrieved the key and opened the door. This was out of courtesy of course. There are no true barriers to entry for a vampire. Empty. I walked around the house. There was some furniture left. The piano was still here. The dining room was untouched. The living room was empty except for the sofa. Carlisle's study was completely empty. Even the waste paper basket was empty. I went upstairs. Carlisle's big wooden cross was removed from the stairway. There was no imprint. Esme must have dusted. Rosalie and Emmett's room was empty. Carlisle and Esme's room was empty except for the bed. Closets were bare. I went up another flight of stairs and hesitated a fraction of a second before I opened the door to Edward's room. His room was untouched. I could still see the impression of Edward's form on the daybed he liked to lounge in sometimes. I took a breath to smell more deeply. Edward had been in the room at least 3 hours ago. I went back down the flight of stairs and walked to our room: Mine and Alice's. Our room still had the bed.