NOTE: A friendly reminder—this was originally written and posted in early 2002 through the beginning of 2004. Nothing that has been learned about the Potterverse after that time, from interviews, subsequent books, etc., has been retconned in the fic. (In other words, I know the name of Neville's mother and that Ginny is short for Ginevra. I just don't think there's a point to pretending that I knew these things before the world at large found out about them.) So just sit back and relax, get in a time machine to 2002, and don't worry about things we learned after Goblet of Fire that are different from what you're reading here. I know all about them, but I don't believe in retconning, period, so I'm not "fixing" any of those things. It is what it is—an artifact of a certain time in the fandom. Enjoy. –BLP #/#/# Harry Potter and the Triangle Prophecy Chapter One Shelter In all traditions, the roof represents the essential element of shelter, and once the frame of a roof exists the shape of a building comes clear...for centuries builders have fastened small trees or evergreen boughs or flowers...to the ridges of newly framed roofs...Having taken wood from the tree, builders bring the tree back to the wood. The tree becomes the house, and in ceremony, the house becomes the tree. ~ Tracy Kidder, House #/#/# Time had lost all meaning for Harry Potter. He was about to live through what would undoubtedly be the longest month of his life. In one month he would be seventeen. It might as well be one century away , he thought. Normally, he spent the summer marking off days on a homemade calendar counting down to the first of September, when he would be able to return to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, but now he had a nearer goal, which, in spite of its nearness, seemed far more elusive than his return to school usually did. Though non-magical teenagers might normally count down to their seventeenth birthdays because it would mean the opportunity to finally have a driver's license, Harry was counting down to this day because he would be of age in the wizarding world. He would no longer have to worry about avoiding doing magic outside of school. He could begin learning to Apparate. He could vote for the Minister of Magic, if a vote was held. (There hadn't been a vote in the last sixteen years, as far as he knew. Harry almost wished there would at least be a vote of no-confidence, but he wasn't sure what the point would be, as the only person people wanted to be Minister, other than Fudge, was Albus Dumbledore, who preferred to be the headmaster of Hogwarts.) Right before his birthday he would leave the Dursleys forever and go to live with his godfather, Sirius Black, in Scotland. He was definitely looking forward to that, but it was the birthday he was really anticipating. Naturally, having all of these things to look forward to meant that each twenty-four-hour day felt more like twenty-four years. In the short time he'd been home he thought he would go mad from the waiting. In addition to the usual daily verbal abuse he had to tolerate from his aunt and uncle (and their annoying little Yorkshire terrier, Dunkirk, who hated Harry with a passion) was the fact that they had decided to use the last month of his tenure with them to squeeze as much free labor out of him as possible. It had begun on his third morning back from school. Harry had risen early as usual to go running, dashing out of the house just clear of the snapping jaws of the highly-annoyed terrier. While he made a circuit around the park, he noticed with interest that a large marquee was erected in the middle of the green, near the artificial lake created with funds raised by the Royal Gardening Society of Little Whinging, of which his aunt was recording secretary. (She'd been angling for president for years, with no luck, as Agnes Bringhurst kept successfully campaigning against her.) The marquee was enormous and white, with mesh "windows" giving one the impression that you could put your hands through the openings. When Harry peered through one, he saw two men in jumpsuits setting up white folding chairs in neat rows with an aisle down the center. The chairs faced a dais with a handful of chairs facing the audience. The dais was skirted in white, so the supports weren't visible. Must be a wedding , he decided. It was the end of June, after all. He gazed at the blue cloudless sky. The wedding party was overcompensating for the weather; if they had thought they'd guarantee clear skies by ordering a marquee, it seemed to have worked. (His aunt and uncle were adamant that the word "magic" not being uttered in their house but were convinced that carrying an umbrella was a fool-proof charm against rain. Harry knew they were hardly alone in this common Muggle superstition, yet people carried umbrellas in Britain almost all the time and it rained quite a lot.) Harry turned away from the marquee and immediately collided with a familiar person who was panting heavily. He hadn't realized this person had also walked up to the tent and peered in the mesh window. Harry frowned. He had last seen him on the platform at King's Cross, and had not been looking forward to seeing him again so soon. "How considerate—" wheeze! "—of you to let me know—" gasp! "—you were going running, Potter—" gulp! "—and to let me hare after you—" pant! "—for a mile while you went on, oblivious—" Harry frowned. "I didn't know you were behind me, Malfoy, else I'd have stopped." He wouldn't have wanted to stop, but he knew it would be good form to stop. "You could have said something." Draco Malfoy collapsed on the ground beside the tent. "No. I. Couldn't." He breathed heavily for another minute before starting to get his breath back. "When did you become so damn fast?" he said in a rush. "Have you been holding back when we were running round the Quidditch pitch every morning?" Harry shrugged, trying not to grin smugly. "I might have been without knowing it. Where've you been for the last two days? It wasn't like I expected you. I just started running." He glanced around at the green of the park. "It's nice to be back." He remembered his fleeting moments of missing Surrey in his other life. It felt like he'd been gone for a thousand years. Malfoy frowned. "I took a break for a couple of days, but this morning, I had to get out. I can't believe I'm stuck in the house with my old nanny again. All summer. And stuck in this hell known as Surrey. Gah. It's nice to be back ? Are you mental ?" Now Harry grinned. "Chin up, Malfoy. Stiff upper lip and all that. After all, you live with all of those lovely kitties," he taunted, knowing how Malfoy detested—indeed, feared—cats of all kinds. Malfoy lunged for him and Harry hopped nimbly out of the way, starting to jog in place. "Come on. We can run back together, if you like. I can drop in and say hello to Mrs. Figg. She's not all that bad. Even when she snaps, she's not as bad as my aunt. She's just a bit like—" "—Mad Eye Moody. Yeah, I know. But younger and female. As if that's an improvement." Harry considered. "She doesn't have a magical eye. That's something. You'd never have any privacy if she did." Malfoy shuddered. "Okay, now I'm going to have to get that image out of my mind..." Harry started running back toward Privet Drive, laughing, but tempering his pace until the other boy had caught up. As they jogged, Harry said, "So. I reckon we'd better go back to first names. For the summer." He received a nod in return, as Draco was turning quite red and dripping with sweat. When they reached Mrs. Figg's house they both collapsed on the lawn and did warm-down exercises before going round the back to enter through the kitchen door. Mrs. Figg had gone out early, leaving a note, so Harry bade Draco Malfoy farewell and returned to the Dursleys' to shower and eat breakfast. When he entered the kitchen, his aunt was dishing up kippers for his uncle. The dog was sitting in Dudley's old spot at the table, waiting for his own kippers with ears standing at attention and his front paws on the edge of the table. It would have been cute if it hadn't been Dunkirk, the hound from hell. Harry went to the fridge for orange juice, bumping his head painfully on the top of the opening when his aunt screeched at him. "You! You got a call from that Dick. Wants you to work for him again." Harry had been expecting Dick Abernathy to call, who was really Aberforth Dumbledore, his headmaster's brother. Abernathy Landscaping was a thriving business that also employed the wizard Sam Bell, who had served ten years in Azkaban for casting a spell causing his wife's death. Sam was Katie Bell's dad; Harry had played on the Gryffindor Quidditch team with Katie for six years, but now she was out of school. He liked Sam and looked forward to seeing him again. Vernon Dursley put down his newspaper and peered at Harry with narrowed eyes. "No, you don't. You're not spending your last month here working for someone else, making money hand over fist. You're going to make up for all those years of free room and board, you are. You will make yourself useful . Starting tomorrow, when you go for that morning run of yours, you're going to take Dunkirk with you. He needs more exercise. You'll walk him in the evening as well. And you're going to replace the roof. Needs it badly. Last time it rained, it leaked over our bed, and in our en suite, and over Dudley's desk and in the guest room as well. Your room seems to be the only one without a leak. You wouldn't know anything about that, would you?" Harry dropped his jaw. "I spent most of last summer at Mrs. Figg's, so I haven't set foot in this house for almost a year. What would I know about leaks in the roof?" Vernon made a harumphing sort of noise. "I wouldn't put it past you..." " And ," Harry went on, "I have no intention of fixing your roof. I already did your garden landscaping for practically nothing." "Nothing! Five pounds a day that cost us!" his aunt screeched, as if this represented a fortune. Harry groaned. "You're not serious? You actually expect me to fix the roof?" He stared back and forth between their two equally-repugnant faces. He folded his arms and held his ground. "You can't make me." Vernon folded his paper and raised his eyebrows at his wife. "You hear that, Petunia? From the ingrate who's lived here for sixteen years—" "Fifteen-and-a-half," Harry corrected him. "—eating our food and wearing the clothes our money bought him—" "—clothes that were Dud—er, someone else's first—" "—and this is the way he responds when we ask him to do us a tiny favor..." " Tiny! " Harry exploded. "You want me to fix the bloody roof!" "Not just fix—replace. Completely. It's been ages. No good in repairing something that old. Needs an entirely new covering." Harry's jaw dropped. "You must be mad. I am not replacing the roof. I am working for Dick starting tomorrow, and that's final. " "Final, he says," Vernon said in a musing voice, standing to leave. "Final. Do you hear that, Petunia?" His voice had become soft and sing-song. She nodded, her mouth very thin. "Final. Well," he went