#/#/# The Lost Generation (1975-1982) In days to come the Dark Lord's fall Is split by silver into gold. A Triangle, each time, his bane. One corner is a Lion tall, Of good intent, named for the coal; Twice hidden, both a beast and man. One corner comes from blood of yore, Child of the silver Moon so cold; Dark Lord's servant and Lion's mate. Last comes a flame-haired Daughter of War, Caught between silver and the gold; One of two and one of many. The Lion loves the Daughter bright As does the Child of silver Moon; But the Dark Lord's servant shall betray. What though they flee before their fate, Three shall bring forth the days of doom, And Love shall end the Dark Lord's reign. ~ The Triangle Prophecy #/#/# Chapter One Leaving Home Monday, 1 September, 1975 "Charlie and Annie, say goodbye to Bill; he'll be gone by the time you're home." Bill Weasley tried not to show that he had a lump in his throat when his mother said this. His brother Charlie and his sister Annie were standing uncertainly by the front door with their rucksacks, waiting to dash out to the school bus when it came. Charlie, who was nearly nine and starting his sixth year at the village school in Hogsmeade, tried to be manly about the goodbye, but the previous night as they lay in their beds in the bedroom they shared, Charlie had confided that he was going to miss Bill and was more than a little scared to be the big brother. Charlie showed none of these fears now as he put on a good show, shaking his brother's hand and saying, "I'll keep Annie and Peggy in line while you're gone. And the garden gnomes." "Right. Let'em know who's boss," Bill said, also putting on a good show. I'm eleven years old, for crikey's sake. And so are all the other first years, and I'll bet none of them feel like crying because they're leaving home for the first time. "Who? The girls or the gnomes?" Bill grinned. "All of'em." Charlie grinned back at him, his gap-toothed smile and heavily freckled face imprinting themselves on Bill's brain. He thought it possible that his brother's brown eyes seemed a little shiny, but he dared not say anything about this. And then Annie had to run to him and throw her arms around his waist, sobbing, "Don't go, Bill!" He crouched and took his five-year-old sister in his arms, holding her tightly, smoothing her orange braids. Bill meant the world to Annie; he was her rock. She was only starting her second year at the village school, and next year when Charlie was in seventh year at the school, their youngest sister, Peggy would be nearly old enough to be a first year (her birthday wasn't until November, but his mother had already been assured by the headmistress, her former employer, that she would admit Peggy early). Bill had helped Annie with her homework (not really strenuous for the four-year-olds) and had sat with her and Charlie to eat lunch, instead of the other seventh years. Family was the most important thing, their parents always told them, and Bill had taken that to heart. Now he felt like he was abandoning them, and he had the distinct sensation of a heavy rock having taken up residence in his stomach; or perhaps it was a large, lumpy magnet attracted to the pole called Home. Suddenly there was a very loud noise in the front garden; the bright green bus for the Hogsmeade school had popped! into existence in the middle of the flower bed, causing Molly Weasley to turn purple and rush out the front door of her house, shaking her finger at the driver, who opened the door laconically and waited for Annie and Charlie to make their way up the steps into the bus's interior. When she had finished her tirade, Molly hugged and kissed each of them, finally letting them board the bus with the other noisy, laughing children, and Bill stood waving from the front door as the double-decker bus with the legend Hogsmeade Village School abruptly disappeared again, with a loud sucking sound. Bill winced. His mother walked back to the house with a sigh, shaking her head. "Sounds like he has to have that engine looked at again. I dread the thought of him putting it off much longer. What if the entire bus is splinched when he's trying to bring the children home?" Bill was startled by her saying this; she never used to voice her worries to him. It was almost as if he had advanced to the ranks of the adults, because he was starting at Hogwarts. I'm not ready to grow up, he thought desperately. Please let me go back to the village school with my brother and sister... Inside, she picked up little Peggy from where she'd been playing on the hearthrug. "I need to dress Peggy. Are you all packed?" Bill nodded. "And I have my ticket." He brandished his train ticket before putting it back in his shirt pocket. This is actually going to happen, he thought. I'm going away. His mother walked briskly up the stairs, the toddler on her hip, as she called, "Bill dear, could you clear up the breakfast things for me?" "No problem, Mum," he called. He went through to the kitchen, where half-eaten bowls of porridge, teacups and saucers, plates with toast and bacon crumbs and an open jar of marmalade stood scattered about with knives, forks and spoons in rather unpredictable places. (Why had Charlie evidently been trying to balance his fork on the handle of his teacup?) Bill listened carefully first, to make sure his mother wasn't about to come thundering back down the stairs. He held out his hands and concentrated, and suddenly, in a rush, all of the detritus from breakfast had hurled itself into the stone sink under the window. The taps immediately turned on and started filling the sink with hot, soapy water. Bill glanced at the table and groaned; the marmalade was no longer there. And the marmalade had been open; that meant he couldn't fish it out of the soapy water and dry it off. The marmalade was ruined. He sighed and went to the sink, retrieving the marmalade pot (full up with what appeared to be rather soapy orange goo) and chucking it in the dustbin. His mother had always said he would do great things because of how early his magic had manifested itself, but he didn't always concentrate on details like only trying to get the dishes into the sink, not the food. (He also noticed that there were tea leaves clinging to the soapsuds in the sink; he didn't have much hope his mother wouldn't notice that. ) Luckily, since he lived in a wizarding household, he knew the Ministry would be expecting magic to be occurring on a regular basis, and unless someone turned him in, he was unlikely to be caught doing magic outside of school while underage. He was tired of having to hide his magic. It was against the law for him to do anything on purpose (not that that had stopped him). That was the one reason why he was glad to finally be going to Hogwarts; he could really learn magic, instead of repeating Latin conjugations and declensions and learning elementary magical history. He'd learned his basic skills at the village school: reading, writing, mathematics and simple Potions work. They also kept an herb garden of the more harmless plants they would later study in Herbology and they had a small petting zoo of friendly creatures like Kneazles and Nifflers, plus toads and rats and salamanders and double-ended newts. He had a wand, and he would be starting on Charms and Transfiguration, and Defense against the Dark Arts— real magical studies. He itched to pull his wand out of his trunk and try some basic spells; he'd never felt anything like the sensation when he'd finally found his wand; a warm tingling all through him, starting at his fingers, where they wrapped around the rosewood; the hairs on the back of his neck stood and the shower of red and gold sparks bursting from the wand tip was like a burst of fireworks. He'd tried out several dozen "wrong" wands, but that had simply made Mr. Ollivander more excited, more determined to find the right one. When it became apparent that the rosewood wand was the one for him (it had a phoenix feather core) the old man went to fetch brown paper to wrap it. Bill surveyed the messy shop, the piles of wand boxes lying heaped on every surface, and before he knew what he was doing, he'd waved his wand and all of the other wands jumped back into their proper boxes, and the boxes themselves were practically racing to file themselves back on the shelves where they had been. His mother and brother and sisters had watched, open mouthed, when this happened. Bill grimaced; he'd starting doing accidental magic from the time he was very young, and whereas some people thought this meant he was very powerful, he felt more like he'd burped loudly in public every time this occurred. Mr. Ollivander had come back with the paper and string and calmly wrapped Bill's wand and took his six Galleons seven Sickles payment for it, not commenting on the altered state of the shop. Bill's impromptu spell had cleared up not just the scattered wands, but a lot of the dust as well. Bill had expected a scolding for doing magic in the shop, but for once Molly Weasley surprised him. She not only did not upbraid him for what he'd done, but when they were back outside, his mother sniffed disdainfully, judging the musty shop. "Well," she said, "he might have thanked you for putting the other wands back. Not that that place couldn't have done with a few dusting spells before we set foot in there..." " Bill! " his mother called shrilly. "Yes, Mum?" "Is Peggy's shoe down there?" Bill found it near the kitchen fireplace. "Yes!" He sighed and carried it up the rickety stairs. He wished he dared do a banishing charm, but having botched the breakfast clean-up, he felt it was safer to carry it. Plus, if he did another spell before going to school, he'd hear another lecture from his mother. (That was the normal order of the day.) He'd had a very difficult time with his willpower lately, being so anxious to start Hogwarts. His mother had told him more than once that it wouldn't do to get in trouble before he arrived at the school. There were many spells whose incantations he did not know, but which he already did instinctively, and without a wand. He knew, however, that you were marked on everything at Hogwarts, and if you couldn't explain the theory on the written exam or speak the correct incantation, or do the right wand-waving, passing the practical exam (getting the desired result, such as banishing a shoe) didn't count for much. He wasn't convinced he would be a great success at school; he wasn't hard-working, and didn't think of himself as very bright, either. He was scared to death of disappointing his parents. When Peggy was finally dressed, he and his mother went to the kitchen with his trunk and stood it on end. They were going to the Leaky Cauldron by Floo before taking a Muggle taxi to King's Cross Station. His dad was already at his job at the Ministry; he'd Apparated away early that morning, before Bill had awoken. Bill knew that everything at the Ministry had been in an uproar for several years, because of a Dark wizard who called himself Lord Voldemort (though everyone he knew said "You-Know-Who") and his followers, the Death