#/#/# Note: This missing moment from HBP was originally posted April 3, 2006 (on FictionAlley). By this time I'd taken the turn completely into using British grammar and spelling for HP fics, so just be aware that this piece is different from my previous work in that way. It is also not related to any of my other fics. #/#/# Mad About the Boy by Barb The portrait of the Fat Lady closed behind them and they turned to face each other. Ginny looked at their joined hands, then up at Harry, reddening. He grinned before looking a little sheepish. "Hi," he said awkwardly. "Hi," she responded softly, almost inaudibly. She was at a complete loss. They continued to hold hands. She wanted to laugh at the expression on his face, which seemed simultaneously defiant—as if he might hex anyone who tried to keep him from her—and apologetic. But she didn't seem to have enough breath to laugh; she was amazed that she hadn't blacked out from shock. "Listen, sorry about—well, I didn't exactly give you warning. All those people," he tried to explain. Her breath hitched and she tried to smile back at him but most of her was still too stunned by what had happened. "Don't apologise," she said quickly. She still felt like she couldn't breathe normally. She looked up at Harry and then away, suddenly shy, though they'd just been kissing in the middle of the common room in front of dozens of people for who-knew-how-long. All Ginny remembered thinking as she saw him enter the common room was, Maybe he'll hug me again, like last time. That was nice, and he looks so happy. Yes, I think he's going to hug me again. I have to take what I can get. And then suddenly, moments after he'd flung his arms around her and she'd flung hers around him, closing her eyes and feeling the solid reality of him, she'd felt his mouth on hers and she'd opened her eyes for a split-second, checking that it really was Harry, before holding him even more tightly, unwilling to let him go, in case this was just a dream. When she opened her mouth she could tell by the tremor she felt pass through him that she'd surprised him, but he very quickly got over his surprise; Ginny shivered as he continued to kiss her, his arms tightening around her, his body pressed insistently against hers. It was every dream she'd ever had about him come true, only better, much better, and she never wanted it to end. She'd completely forgotten that other people existed; when they did finally stop kissing, seeing the other people in the common room was like being thrust into an alien world where she and Harry were stared at like animals in a zoo. Ron didn't look particularly happy but he wasn't trying to throttle Harry, either, so that was a plus. She didn't want to think about what Dean might look like; she'd seen him out of the corner of her eye as she'd run across the room to Harry, and he'd already had a bit of a sour expression on his face. She didn't think his mood would improve after seeing her kiss Harry for so long. (How long had it been?) She didn't even want to look at him to find out. She didn't think Romilda Vane would be very pleased either. That was a much pleasanter thought. Ginny didn't want to be Dean's girlfriend anymore but she didn't want him to hate her, let alone hate Harry. She'd never wanted to be Romilda Vane's friend and decided that that would be even more unlikely to occur now. Hermione had looked like she'd be doing a few refrains of the I-told-you-so-chorus later on, something Ginny wasn't looking forward to, though she was glad that Hermione had been right. When Ginny had been vehemently arguing with Hermione about Harry she had wanted to be wrong. She'd wanted so much to believe Hermione when she'd claimed, "Harry fancies you!" But Hermione couldn't confirm that Harry had actually said that he fancied her. That was why Ginny was so angry with Hermione: for getting her hopes up. When it came to Harry, Ginny had been trying to kill hope—unsuccessfully—for the better part of two years. She'd done her best to put him out of her mind, hadn't she? Sort of. She'd gone out with other boys, nice boys (though Michael had turned out to be a bit of a prat and she and Dean were just a bad combination). She hadn't let her life be all about pining away for Harry Potter; she had accepted that she could never force him to notice her or think of her as anything other than Ron's sister. She'd been realistic and practical about it all. She had stopped drawing little hearts in the corners of her parchments with hers and Harry's initials in them; she had stopped staring at him in the common room and being insanely clumsy whenever he was around and giving him embarrassing singing Valentines and get-well cards. She spoke to him like a normal human being. But it hadn't worked. When Michael had kissed her the first time she had to go and think, Why can't you be Harry? My first kiss should be with Harry. And when Dean both kissed her and touched her breast she had to push his hand away as soon as she realized that she liked it, because no one other than Harry was supposed to make her feel that way. Afterward she hated herself for this and wanted to find a spell to put on herself so that if she thought of Harry in any remotely romantic way she'd have so many spots she'd make Marietta Edgecombe look like Fleur Delacour. But she hadn't located such a spell and instead found herself lying in bed, remembering kissing Dean (but only kissing—after the first time she'd told him that certain areas were off-limits to his hands). In her mind, however, she was replacing him with Harry, imagining what Harry's mouth would do, where Harry's hands would wander—with permission—while he kissed her. And suddenly, she didn't need to imagine these things any more. She was very well-kissed, that was certain, and as she looked up at Harry again she also felt quite certain that if he didn't kiss her again soon she would be obliged to throw herself at him quite shamelessly. "Oh." Her telling him not to apologise seemed to stop him in his tracks. "It's just that—I want to apologise. I've got so much to apologise for." She squeezed his hand and shook her head, hoping she wouldn't do something stupid, like cry. "Time for that later. And anyway, I don't agree about the need to apologise. Trust me," she whispered, still wondering where her full voice had gone; she didn't seem to be able to speak above a whisper. That hardly mattered, though, as Harry was gazing at her with a look that burned, something she'd seen on his face quite a lot lately, which had made it harder than ever to kill her hope and simultaneously made her even crosser at Hermione whenever Hermione claimed that she knew what the looks he'd been giving Ginny meant . And then his face was moving closer to hers and he was kissing her again and holding her so that she wasn't certain where his body left off and hers began and she thought that any moment she really would wake up, or open her eyes to find not just the entire Gryffindor common room watching, but all of her brothers, and her parents and cousins and everyone in the Order, and all of her teachers, and the Minister of Magic, because for this to really be happening would be both too wonderful and too unlikely, since it was what she'd dreamt of for so long... "Ahem!" They broke apart; Ginny expected to see a teacher (she shuddered to think what Professor McGonagall would say), or the entire Wizengamot, or all of the Ministry's Aurors, or perhaps just Dolores Umbridge. (She shuddered again at that thought.) Instead they faced the Fat Lady, who looked at them with her brows raised so high that they almost disappeared into the high, coifed pile of hair threatening to fall off her painted head. Her round face was flushed and she fanned herself with her hand. "Gracious! Don't you think that this is perhaps not the best place for that?" Ginny's face felt very hot and she saw that Harry had reddened as well. "Sorry," he said immediately. "We—we didn't mean to embarrass you." She waved this off. "Oh, I wasn't embarrassed. What I've seen... Ahem!" she said again. "I was only thinking of the pair of you . If you're interested, there's this room upstairs with a lovely landscape of Devon. I could show you. No one ever goes there. Much more private." "Erm, no thanks," Harry said hastily. "I think we were going for a walk. Outside." He glanced at Ginny; she nodded her agreement. "Yeah. We were just leaving." They sped out of the corridor and toward the stairs as quickly as they could, still holding hands, finally daring to laugh when they were out of earshot of the Fat Lady (they hoped, unless she was following them through some of the other paintings). As they slowed down to descend the stairs, Harry grinned at her. "I think she was only suggesting that we go upstairs to that room with the landscape so that she could follow and spy on us." Ginny felt her face flame again and was completely unprepared for Harry to step in front of her on the stairs and hug her; she was prepared for this earlier, but now his suddenly hugging her caught her by surprise and took her breath away almost as effectively as the kiss in the common room. She gasped against his neck, awkwardly putting her arms around him. When he pulled back from the hug, still holding her in his arms as he gazed down at her, grinning, he said, "I miss that!" It was almost painful to look him in the eye but also impossible for her to look away; she wanted to take advantage of being able to look at Harry now without having to worry about looking away whenever she thought he might notice her staring. "Miss what?" "Oh, it's gone again," he said, frowning, holding his hand against her cheek. Ginny swallowed and could not resist the urge to tilt her head slightly into that gentle hand. "What's gone?" she whispered. Harry's smile returned as he stroked her cheek, making her shiver. It seemed that he simply could not keep a frown on his face now. "You were blushing again. You hardly ever do that anymore. You used to do it all the time." She felt like she might blush some more, the way he was looking at her, his green eyes more intense than she ever remembered them. "I used to do it all the time around you ," she reminded him, "because whenever you were in the room I behaved like a flaming idiot and acted like my limbs belonged to someone else." Her mouth twisted as she said this, remembering the first time Harry had stayed at their house; between Harry's arrival and the start of the new school term Ginny had broken a total of thirty-seven things that had to be repaired by her mother or father and nearly a dozen things that they didn't even know about because she hid the bits by burying them in the garden or in the kitchen dustbin. She felt like a great clumsy mule every time Harry entered a room and she was constantly embarrassed by her inability to control herself. Harry was unfailingly kind and usually seemed to be smiling at her, as