#/#/# Note: This HBP missing moment and companion piece to Mad About the Boy (it comes a little later in HBP) was originally posted June 13, 2006 (on FictionAlley). By this time I'd taken the turn completely into using British grammar and spelling for HP fics, so just be aware that this piece is different from my previous work in that way. #/#/# Horntails and Hippogriffs by Barb "I have just the book you need in my dormitory, Ginny!" Hermione said excitedly. "I'll be right back." " Hermione ," Ginny groaned, surveying the array of books already strewn over the table in the corner of the common room where Hermione was helping her with OWL revision. "Don't worry, Ginny," Hermione said briskly. "It's no trouble." Ginny watched her leave before allowing her head to fall to the table with a dull thud. Harry sat in a nearby armchair reading a Quidditch magazine; she addressed him without lifting her head. "I know you already did it once, when I was in first year, but Harry, you've got to save me. I can't take much more of this." "All right," he said eagerly, closing his magazine and standing. Ginny jerked her head up and stared at him. "You mean it? I'm going spare." "Just leave a note for her. Taking a break. Be back later. " "Right," Ginny said, scrawling this hastily on a bit of old parchment and leaving it on Hermione's open book. "So—now what?" "Follow me," Harry said with a puckish grin. No one else was in the common room; the day was beautiful and warm and most of Gryffindor house seemed to be outdoors or doing things that had nothing to do with schoolwork. Harry took Ginny's hand and led her to the steps to the boys' dormitories, a place she hadn't been since her first year. Her heart thudded quickly as she followed, feeling both anticipatory and extremely nervous about being discovered. When they reached the dormitory for the sixth year boys she hesitated. "Erm, Harry, what if someone—" "Oh, don't worry about that. You wait here. I'm not mad; this is probably the least-private place in the entire castle. Neville and Seamus were playing Exploding Snap when I was up here twenty minutes ago, and—" They heard an explosion, followed by a combination of groans and laughter. "—I think they are yet," he finished, wrinkling his nose at the odor of singed hair. "I'll be right back," he told her, kissing her quickly. "Wait!" she whispered, looking around nervously. "What if Ron comes up?" "Then you can point out to him that you're waiting for me outside our dorm. Just tell him you're skiving off OWL revision with Hermione; if anyone can understand that he can." "That's true," she agreed. He nodded and slipped into the dormitory as another explosion punctuated the card game. "Good one!" Seamus cried loudly before Harry closed the door, muffling the noise again. He was back in less than a minute, his rucksack over his shoulder. After closing the door, he took a strange, silvery iridescent blanket out of the bag. "What's that? I remember seeing it when I—" "—when you were going through my things, hunting for the diary?" Harry said, grinning at her. She felt her face grow hot and nodded. "Invisibility Cloak. Put this on and you can go anywhere in the entire castle." His grin was contagious; Ginny smiled at him, feeling like a co-conspirator. "Really? Anywhere?" "Oh, and I got this, too," he added, showing her what seemed to be a very old piece of parchment, folded into a grimy square. "I don't think we'll need to use it, but if I've got it then Ron and Hermione can't use it to hunt us down," he explained as he kissed her quickly again, so that Ginny had to wait a moment to ask her question—not that she minded. "How would they use a piece of old parchment do that?" she asked innocently. "Never mind. I'll explain another time," he said, stuffing it into the rucksack. "It's Fred and George's old map, isn't it?" she said, her arms crossed. Harry dropped his jaw. "How did you—?" He laughed and said, "The twins told you about it, didn't they?" She nodded, smiling slyly. "I wouldn't have dared go into your dormitory if I hadn't had that. They didn't ask me why I wanted to borrow it and I didn't tell them." She also didn't tell Harry that she'd been rather cross upon learning that Harry had become the map's new owner, but had decided that the twins were right; Harry had more need of it than she—or the twins—did. "On the other hand, if you really want to borrow it, I'm sure Harry wouldn't mind. Just ask him," Fred had said to her, his eyes merry. She'd wanted to hex him; he knew very well that she wouldn't have dared to do such a thing. In her second year she was still dropping things and walking into walls whenever Harry was about; she was lucky she hadn't maimed herself trying to get out of the hospital wing after giving him the singing get-well card. This was especially fortunate, as it would have forced her to stay in the infirmary with Harry, so Madam Pomfrey could heal her, and she might have got caught in a vicious cycle. Harry grinned and kissed her again, surprising her this time. "What was that for?" she wanted to know. "A girl after my own heart," he said cryptically, draping the Cloak over her. She was glad that she was covered up, as this made her face feel rather hot again; she was quite certain that she was as red as her hair. "Come on," he whispered, clearly not realising the effect his words had had on her. "I'll keep the portrait open long enough for you to go through." When they returned to the common room, however, Hermione was standing beside the table where Ginny had been working, holding the note Ginny had left for her. Two vertical lines were deeply etched between Hermione's brows. "Harry! There you are. Hm. Ginny's not with you, so there goes that idea. Have you seen her?" "Erm, seen her? I don't see her right now," he said innocently. The lines between Hermione's brows deepened. "Very funny, Harry. Of course you don't see her right now. Neither do I; I'm not blind ." Ginny held her breath; for a moment she thought Hermione was going to say that Ginny wasn't invisible—and then remember that she could be. Hermione sighed. "Ginny left me a note saying that she's taking a break, so I assumed she was going off somewhere with you. She has to prepare for her exams, Harry! I thought you cared about her?" Harry looked hurt by this. "Of course I do, Hermione," he said evenly. "Well, do you have any ideas about where she might be?" "Ideas?" Harry repeated, perking up. "Oh, I've got loads of ideas. Perhaps she went down to the pitch, to fly around for a bit. Or there's Myrtle's bathroom…" " Myrtle's bathroom?" Hermione looked alarmed. "Yeah. I know that you don't fancy spending time with Myrtle…" " Definitely not," Hermione confirmed, sitting abruptly. "I've had my fill of her, thank you very much. But I'm surprised Ginny would want to spend time with her either. Does she not know that Ginny is your girlfriend now?" "I think she knows. Myrtle's over me." He lowered his voice to a whisper. "She fancies Draco Malfoy now." Hermione made a face. "I forgot. Oh, well. Where are you off to? Did you finish all of your homework?" " Yes, Hermione ," he said with a sigh. "I may go down to the pitch to fly around for a bit myself. If I see Ginny, do you want me to tell her you're looking for her?" "Please," Hermione replied, her head in her hands. "I don't know why I try. Last year with you and Ron, this year with Ginny…" "Ron and I did get seven OWLs each," he reminded her. "It won't do her any harm to take an hour off, surely. You could probably do with a break yourself." He turned to leave; Hermione called after him, "If you see her, ask her to meet me back here in an hour, all right?" "Fine, fine," he agreed, holding the portrait open long enough for Ginny to go through. When they were both in the corridor and the portrait had closed behind them, Harry whispered, " Come on ." Ginny followed under the Cloak as Harry strode away from Gryffindor Tower. She lost track of how many turns and stairs he'd taken before he opened a classroom door and whispered, " Ginny? Still with me ?" " Right here ," she whispered back. They entered a classroom that had large anatomical drawings of magical creatures lining the walls, including several breeds of dragon, a griffin, a hippogriff, a phoenix and a basilisk. Ginny took the Cloak off and looked around while Harry magically locked the door. Professor Kettleb -something had been written in an ungainly scrawl on the blackboard, as if the chalk had been held between the writer's teeth. It seemed to have been there for years and a thick layer of dust lay everywhere. "Erm," she said, nodding at the basilisk diagram, "as far as atmosphere goes…" Harry laughed. "Ignore all of this rubbish. This is where they used to have Care of Magical Creatures before Hagrid started teaching. There's a large cage through the door over there that has a mess of bones in it yet." He took the Cloak from her and stuffed it into the rucksack again before dropping the bag on the floor. "What from?" "No idea. Don't know what ate it or what was eaten." He put his arms around her and pulled her close to him. "And I don't care," he added, leaning down to kiss her. Ginny slid her arms around his neck and revelled in the feel of him, his hair under her fingers, his body pressed against hers, his lips surprisingly soft. After a while Harry broke the kiss and moved his mouth down her throat; Ginny gasped with shock at the coldness of his glasses on her skin, laughing as she carefully removed them, placing them on a nearby desk. After this he zeroed in on her neck again as if he were a starving vampire. Ginny closed her eyes, running her hands down Harry's shoulders and onto his chest; she loved to touch him, still getting used to the idea that all she had to do was have the time and place and a little privacy and she could touch—and kiss—Harry as much as she liked. Within reason. Not that reason had anything to do with the rush she felt when Harry moaned against her neck. She ran her hands lightly down his chest again, getting the same result. She seemed to be hitting a certain spot—or spots—that made him sound especially stimulated, and she couldn't help wanting to repeat the action to see if he responded the same way. "Oh, Ginny," he gasped against her throat, followed by his diving for her mouth once more. She was surprised; he'd kissed her frantically and passionately before—and in locations with far less privacy—but never quite like this. She moved her fingers furtively to his shirt buttons as they continued to kiss, finally able to push the fabric aside and feel the smooth skin of his chest. She was curious to know what was causing this reaction and needed to see where she was touching him to find out. This time she was the one who broke the kiss and moved her lips down his neck, something she'd never done with Michael or Dean. He didn't gasp again but held her waist and made a noise as if he were enjoying