A/N: I'm typing whatever comes to mind right now, I just hope it turns out well, please review at the end! During the first weeks of August I won't be near my laptop, I'll be visiting family (Yay!) back in California. My mom is having surgery today, she has a tumor. Depending on how it goes, depends how much I write. Snap Shots Harry was not seen in Hogwarts for a while. He couldn't handle the stares, the whispers, but worse of all, he couldn't handle that his sister – his baby sister – the one he was supposed to protect was gone. He had promised his parents he would protect her. He promised so hard that day! The day he finally visited their grave, he had watched as his strong sister broke down in tears, he didn't want to see her cry like that again. Every time he closed his eyes, he could see her face, the final moments he had with her. Why didn't he reach out when he saw her run? Why didn't he follow? Not only did he lose Bloom but Sirius as well. His Sister and Father-Figure. Both gone. Harry hugged his knees tighter as he let out a pain filling cry. First his father, then his mother and now his lost his sister and godfather. "Harry." Harry didn't need to look up to know who it was; for he had been watching over Harry for hours, even in his own grief. "Harry, you need to eat." Harry felt a soft hand touch his head gently. He looked up to look at Remus in the eye. "Let me help you up." Too heavy with grief, Harry let Remus guide him to the table. Remus was about to leave to get their lunch when Harry jumped out of his seat and grabbed Remus's arm. "Harry, wha –" "Don't leave me!" Harry cried, "Please don't leave me too!" tears ran down his face as he held on to Remus as a lifeline. "I couldn't – I wouldn't survive if you – if you – " It broke Remus's heart as his watched Harry cry, he did what he used to do with baby Harry. He hugged him close to his heart. "I won't leave you Harry. I promise." Molly Weasley sat in her living room knitting a sweater for Ron; he had grown so much once again, she didn't seem to notice that it was three in the morning. She sighed once again; she had a sick feeling in her stomach. She thought it was just the thought of You-Know-Who returning, but it wasn't. Hours later she would give up anything to just be afraid of the war. Arthur Weasley had come in the living room, looking so pale and weak; she didn't know what to think. "Arthur, what is it? Is it the children?" He took small steps towards; he gently pushed her back into her seat. He kneed in front of her, his eyes were so red. "Molly," he spoke softly, "A few hours ago, Harry had another vision." Molly gasped, but prepared herself to know who got hurt this time and prayed they were able to save that person. "I knew you to promise me to listen to everything I saw, do not interrupt, I wouldn't be able to finish if you do." Molly nodded, she couldn't find her voice. Her breathing started to come in faster and her heart wanted to drop. "Harry saw Sirius captured by You-Know-Who. Harry tried to contact the Order but no one answered him, you know we had a small meeting a few hours ago. It seems that we missed it." Arthur swallowed. "Harry, Bloom, Ron, Ginny, Hermione, Neville Longbottom and Luna Lovegood left the school and went to the Ministry of Magic. There they were attacked by Death Eaters. The Order was able to arrive. Ron was dazed, Ginny had a broken ankle, Hermioine and Luna Lovegood were unconscious, Neville had a broken nose, Bl–Bloom had a large cut on her arm but she was okay." Molly noticed the pain in his voice but didn't comment. "Harry was surprisingly fine, only a few cuts. "Bloom was dueling Bellatrix." This time Molly did gasp, this was it, Bloom had gotten hurt. "Sirius arrived and took over; Harry and Bloom were carrying Neville out when…" Arthur looked down and tighten his grip on her hand. "Bellatrix hit Sirius with a stunner, he was about to fall into the Veil of Death." Molly started to feel sick again. "Against all the odds, Bloom was able to save him. Bloom and Bellatrix sent another spell at each other, Bloom managed to injury Bellatrix, but…" Arthur could no longer hold it. His tears raced down his face. "Bloom and Sirius – they –they fell, Molly, they fell into the Veil." Molly Weasley couldn't process what she was just told. She didn't know what to do. She was dazed. Ever so slowly, reality started to hit her. She shook her head, "No, no!" her body shook as she screamed. "No- that can't be! She's just a child! She can't – she – she – No!" Her biggest fear was becoming a reality, she was losing her children. Harry and Bloom might now be her blood children, but that didn't matter because they were her children ! She loved them as her own. She couldn't breathe, she couldn't see anything. Her pain was beyond words, she couldn't even carry herself. She left herself drop to the ground in her grief. She cried, she screamed, she damned everything about You-Know-Who, if – no! Not if – when she meets Bellatrix face to face, she'll kill her. She'll kill Bellatrix! Then a thought came to her – Harry! "Arthur!" her voice cracked. "Harry, we need to get to Harry!" Arthur slowly stood up and helped her stand. "Dumbledore is with him right now, I think we should wait at Headquaters." Molly weakly nodded, as fast as they could, they entered the fireplace. George Weasley was a mess; he sat in number twelve, Grimmauld Place's living room. His eyes were red and puffy, his throat hurt from all the crying he had done. He and Fred had come back from their meeting, only to find Professor McGonagall waiting for them, at first they thought they were going to get in trouble. But once they saw the dry tears on her face, they knew something had happened. At first they thought of their dad and then of Harry. They thought he had another dream, but that didn't explain the tears. Professor McGonagall led them to her fireplace and told them to go to Grimmauld Place. That's when they really started to worry. When they arrived, most of the Order was already there, including their parents. They really feared the worse when they saw their parents' eyes. Their father nodded to the kitchen, Fred looked around, looking for some sort of clue to what had happened. But no one would look at him. Their mother sat down, tears were still running down her face. They didn't understand what their father was saying; only one sentence was heard. "Bloom and Sirius were killed." After the shock passed, George broke out in tears. One of his idols was killed and Bloom, who was like another sister to him, was gone. He had just seen her, not five hours ago. She had been standing right in front of them, smiling like always with that gleam in her eyes. Sirius often said that she had her father's sense of humor, ready to laugh and pull a prank, but like her mother, she only pranked bullies. His mother held him as they both cried. Fred didn't cry, in fact it seemed like he was in an everlasting shock. He hadn't moved from his spot, his face was blank. They had to physically move him to another room. They sat him in another living room, where there was no door, just an open room. They choose this room because they would automatically know when Harry would arrive. Fred just stared at the fire in the room. It seemed like he was still in shock and it began to worry his parents and twin. After what seemed like hours later, the front door opened. Remus walked in half dragging himself and Harry. Neither of them seemed to notice anyone, they both looked beyond words, not even Molly Weasley could walk up to them. She wanted to hold Harry, make his pain go away but nothing she could do would help him. Remus and Harry left to their room without a word to the eyes that watched them. After seeing Harry and Remus most of the Order left. The Weasleys sat down in the living room, after an hour they finally heard noise from upstairs. "DON'T LEAVE ME!" they heard Harry scream. "DON'T LEAVE ME TOO, PLEASE!" They had never heard Harry scream like that. Not even last year, they couldn't believe Harry could make such a sound. They heard things crashing, breaking, things being thrown across the room. Harry was finally having his breakdown. After a few moments, it got quiet. Remus must have done something. Harry's cries seemed to break Fred out of his shock. His tears didn't come slowly; they rushed out like a waterfall. He buried his face in his hands; his nails broke in his skin. He let out a cry almost as horrible as Harry's. His mother rushed to him, hugged his tightly as he tried to escape her hold on him. He wanted to hit something, to break anything, to find Bloom. He was with her just a few minutes ago; she was within his arm length. She had been joking around with them. And now, she was gone. Gone! He gasped for air. " Bloom! " Aurora sat in McGonagall's office. She had been the one to bring the children back to Hogwarts, Sirius had begged her too. She didn't want to leave him, but they children were injured, they had to come first. She helped heal Ginny's ankle and helped Hermione drink her potion, the curse that hit her wouldn't kill her, but Aurora feared something worse was put on her, Hermione might never have children. A fear so many women had. Ginny was curled into a ball like a cat on Hermione's bed, waiting for her to wake up. Luna Lovegood was now resting in her own bed; she had a nasty bump on her head but nothing serious. Ron was sleeping, the brain had scrambled his head and only rest would help him now. Neville refused a bed and just sat in a chair between his friends. Aurora had left when McGonagall called for her. Sirius and Bloom were gone. Bloom – Hestia was gone. Lily and James's baby girl was killed; she had failed to protect Lily and James's children again. And Sirius…. Sirius was gone. She didn't know what to say or do. Her heart was breaking; she had just reunited with Sirius after so many years apart. She shouldn't have left him; she should've dropped the kids off and return to the battle field. He was the only man that made her heart skip a beat; she always felt safe with him and loved. She could remember every moment she had with him, from the first time they met so many years ago to the first kiss to their separation and then their reunion. He couldn't be dead. He just couldn't. She couldn't even move, she was numb, she couldn't feel anything. He truly was gone. She walked to her flat in Hogsmead. She was stationed to look after the children until – when she didn't know when. She dropped in her bed and cried. She cried until she had no tears, even when her eyes were dry, she cried, even when her body demanded rest, she cried. She cried so much she