Disclaimer: None of the familiar characters, places, or features belong to me. They are the brain children of Master Tolkien and owned by his enterprises and or New Line Cinema. Last Edited: 1-10-04 Right Side of Justice Prologue "I amar prestar aen, han mathon ne nen, han mathon ne chae a han moston ned 'wilith." "The World is changed; I can feel it in the water, I can feel it in the earth, I can smell it in the air." Galadriel's words remained true. Her wisdom rang clear and untainted through rock and age. She had spoken of a different period of change, but now the wheel rolled ponderously again. The world was changed and with it its peoples, lands, and waters. Even those that remembered the goings on of the old world were changed with the turning of tides and rising of mountains. Dagor Dagorath had been the epilogue of Middle-earth's long and colorful tale, but had been only the prologue of a new and equally colorful age that was the dawn of Man's time. But as it were, some of the Firstborn did not remain in what eternal land was offered as harbor to them at the end of their world; and with the coming of the new, some wished to greet it, to nurture it - or were simply called by a higher purpose to sail for a different life as friend and family departed to an equally unknown, but anticipated shore. Or were they, those that stayed upon the new soil that was still damp from creation, the ones that stepped forward? History would weave itself as it always did for age upon age, but this time the Elves would nare be mentioned in its making - though they were very much involved... Chapter 1 - Reasons to Act It was an untamed land where only the hardy of muscle and will could find any life worth mentioning. Men were stronger then, not so given to physical pleasures and niceties, as they simply could not be found in such a country. From the outside looking in, one might wonder what dysfunctional thinking prompted men to leave well founded towns with all the latest modern effects to head away from the east across a land so flat that water droplets would bead where they dropped. Land, they said, land was what they yearned for. But it was more than territory. Something beyond the crowded streets and the bustle of population that called to the heart and soul of the free man. From the inside looking about themselves, these leathered pioneers saw something more precious than comfortable housing or stage plays - land and a place to sink their roots and start something new and unspoiled. Not all was so flat and arid as it seemed on first glimpse, for beyond the horizon of tumbleweeds and the bleached bones of monsterous cacti that had fallen from wind or age, there was green and wild. But the call of the unspoiled did not beckon to the race of Men alone. --- The peak of high summer had flooded over the easterly side of the great state of Texas in all its scorching glory. The humidity rose with it and added a nearly insufferable height of discomfort, but only nearly so. One never could quite acclimate to the oppressive heat no matter how long one resided in this region. Still, Man, beast and plant continued to tick through life. Amidst the heat and humidity, one went on with his labor. He was of no remarkable stature or build, slighter than most in fact, but with strong shoulders and hands accustomed to the rough sinews of rope sliding through their grip. A hat, worn and shaped to comfort, was tipped far over his eyes, shadowing his features as he kept his head tilted downward and slightly to the side, his attention obviously centered. The horse was a fine animal. From looking at its deep russet coat and well defined muscles, the clean lines of his legs, it was impossible to tell that at one point in the creature's lifetime it had been nothing but loose skin and bones with a fiery temper to boot. Now it moved flawlessly, tucking his head and giving to the slightest bump of the reins, showing willing submission in his every move. Indeed, there was really no need for bit, nor saddle. "Done it again, I see. Gone and turned an old nag to a piece of stock worth his weight in gold." The Mexican that stood at the outer edge of the round pen shook his head with a smile that cracked across dry, scraggly features like a gorge in a desert of thorns. The rider shifted his weight back, settling into the saddle with a subtle movement. The bay horse halted, the reins slack against his neck, never having been touched. Leaning forward on the pommel of the saddle and head still tipped downward with eyes hidden beneath his hat, the rider spoke softly. "None of these creatures are simply pieces of stock, Benito," it was said with a slight tone of reproval. His head slipped up, the shadow over his eyes lessening to reveal guardingly a youthful face whose lips twitched into a small smile, "I'd keep every one of them if I could." The old man slipped the loop of rope over the protruding top of the gatepost and pulled it open. "Ah, Mateo, they're only horses! I still do not see what appeals to you so when all they do is eat our food and then expel it again for us - or more accurately, me - to clean up!" Mateo dismounted outside the gate, running a hand down the length of the horse's neck. "Only?" he repeated, throwing a wry glance over his shoulder at Benito. He looked back to the horse, placing a hand under its chin. "Did you hear that friend? He just demeaned you!" The horse bobbed his head and gave a whicker that ended in an affronted snort. "You see, you've hurt his feelings." The bay stomped a hoof ill-temperedly. "You had better apologize." Benito for all his years in the company of Mateo, was by now used to his friend's eclectic way of personifying the creatures. Yet sometimes when he observed the horseman from afar, it seemed nigh impossible to deny that the man dealt with the beasts in a way in which no other was capable. Mateo was as strange as his ways and even after all these years, Benito had come to the conclusion that what his eyes saw was either a mirage of old age and too many years on his feet in the hot sun, or, Mateo was gifted in a supernatural way. Benito opted for the former. "My apologies, flea bitten beast." Pulling his bandanna from his neck, he tossed it at Mateo. "Wipe up; you smell like them." The rider laughed softly, doffing his hat. --- Legolas watched Benito wander back to the shelter of the shade under the eave of the house, some ways away. He was limping again, Legolas noticed. Bad heat waves and severe cold usually accentuated it. Putting to use the bandanna, he dipped it into the trough of water that the horse was currently taking advantage of. Legolas looked down at the sopping cloth, and then to the cool - if not a little murky - water, then to the horse. With abandon, Legolas threw propriety to the wind and dropped to his knees, submersing his head up to his shoulders. He stayed that way for as long as he dared, then came back up, scrubbing his hands over his face. The refreshing liquid streamed down his back and chest, cooling and revitalizing everywhere it touched. A second time he plunged his head under, this time taking in mouthfuls. He figured that if it was good enough for the horses to drink, it was good enough for him. A lifetime of hard physical work out here in these lands and time had tempered that old proclivity for fastidiousness. Oh, he was still set on an orderly life style, but the little things were not so important to him anymore. Ai, if only his father could see him now, covered with grime and dirt, hair plastered to the sides of his face and working free of the leather tie... Indeed, the son of King Thranduil a rancher and a drifter for some thousand years since the shores changed and history had faded from Man's recollection of the old ways and their true past. He shook his head as he resurfaced, wondering what his father's reaction would truly be if he found out just where life had swept him off to. Perhaps he didn't want to know. His reverie was broken by Benito's warning cry from the porch. He had risen to his feet from where he sat beating leather into shape and was pointing east. Riders, was his call. Legolas swept the rogue hair back from his face and narrowed his eyes against the glare of the sun. Benito was right. Riders, silhouetted against the horizon were drawing nearer, a sizable cloud of dust following in their wake as hooves churned the dry ground. A frown furrowed his smooth brow as he donned his hat once more. They were from town judging by their attire, well off as well and certainly not dropping by for pleasent afternoon tea. The impending situation did not bode well. So rare was it that any soul happened by his homestead for any reason, it simply did not happen - especially a posse. A suited posse, no less. But then, his visits to the town were few and far between as well. None really knew him, except by word of mouth spun in the form of tales and rumors. By Benito's recitations of these gossips, Legolas was either a dangerous criminal, a gunman running from the law, or some other ghostly personage. It had given him many laughs to listen to the Mexican's stories, even though they weren't his so much as the townsfolk. Still, he regretted that they used his name as a way to scare little children into submission. The mind was an odd thing, he concluded. His visits to the town were few and far between, and hardly anything worth mentioning. Yet, whenever he happened by, for days afterwards he would be the talk of the town. He had done nothing to provoke the myths spread about him, but, he wondered, perhaps that was why those stories were weaved. Nothing, gave a mighty lot of room for speculation. As the riders drew up their horses, Legolas was already striding towards them, his hat pushed down over his eyes. "Good afternoon to you, sir," greeted one whom Legolas did not recognize from the settlement. He was of average height and weight, though his features were sharp. A pencil thin mustache was trimmed to a point, and no stitch of his suit was out of place. Legolas gave no word, but nodded cordially. "Fine day, is it not?" Benito came up beside him, hands still working to soften the new strip of leather made for reins. "Depends, Mister, on if you're inside with a lady fanning your face or outside doing useful things." He scathed Benito with a sharp look. "What may I do for you?" The man gave a smile, one that did not sit well with Legolas's foreboding feelings. It was far too preditorial for his liking. "Ah, now that is the question, my good man." He thrust out a hand, "The name is Marshall Godard, we're from the town and have come par the suggestion of some accomplices." Legolas took the proffered hand guardingly, eyeing Godard from under the shadow cast over his eyes. He offered back no name. "What was this referral for, might I ask?" Godard's smile sharpened. "That you may! You see," he