A collection of fluffy Solangelo one shots! Hope you enjoy! These one-shots will be in no particular order so some might be them together, married, or still friends. This chapter is a bunch of random, short one-shots, but in other chapters it will be just one one-shot. Please enjoy! Rated T for some of the one-shots, but not all of them. Sorry for any grammar mistakes. -Svet 3 Disclaimer: I do not throw couples into Tartarus Getting into new times (Nico's POV) Uhhhhhhhhhhh was the first thing that came to my mind when the one and only Will Solace had decided to teach me the newest hit dance or whatever. Man, this generation is weird. "It's very simple death boy. The first part is very simple. All you do is tilt your body while rasing your knee then release to a squat -ish position with the raised hand extended out in front of you while the other hand is just let loose behind hip," said my ever annoying boyfriend, "here you try." While he was explaining to me the "whip" he was also mimicking the actions. It seemed very easy, but I guess I was just too old for all of this. "Here, let me guide you." The blonde then walked over to where I was practicing and put his hand on my hand and was mimicking the action while his other hand was under my knee bringing up my leg. After that he put pressure on my body to that I was tilted. I have to admit it made me blush despite the fact we had been dating for over three weeks, but this position was a little too awkward; more than the ghost king could handle. But he's just too hot… Shut it I thought. Man I seriously need to control my thoughts. "So then you whip out your hand and extend it like this." My awesome Solace moved my arm to the position. "While you do this you spread and bend your knees like this." He grabbed onto my ankle and slid it to the side a few inches. When he did that, he also pushed me down so I was low to the ground like he explained. I suppose I was in the right position when he let go of me and stared at me in amusement. "What is it Solace?" I asked He didn't reply. Instead he just snickered. "You look quite amazing. Now for the nae-nae part?" "Nay what? Solace does this have anything to do with a horse?" I guess that was a really stupid remark, because the doubled over in laughter. After what felt like half an hour or so he finally seemed to be calming down. "No death-boy. I promise it has nothing to do with a horse. Just move your rib cage like this and waver your hand like this." With all of that said he mimicked his words. "Now you try. Don't worry it isn't as hard as you think it is." "Ok, but do not laugh at me!" I said a little bit too loud. I thought I had startled him, but he still had that wide grin on his face. I did the whip the way he had showed me by moving my arms, then I tried my best impersonation of what he just did. "Damn death-boy! You catch on very quickly!" Solace exclaimed. "Was it really that good? Be honest." "It was awesome! You still need a little bit of practice, but I think if you practice for at least two hours, you will have this down!" Then the dinner bell rang. "Well looks like it's time for dinner. You coming?" "No, I'm gonna practice. Don't worry Solace tomorrow I will have a big breakfast. Deal?" "Ok death-boy. Love you." "I love you too Sunshine." (Later that night in the Poseidon Cabin) "So Nico, do you know how to whip?" Oh no…not now Percy. Guess I better tell the truth "Uhhh…Will taught me before dinner in my cabin, but I'm not that good at it?" "Woahhhh…really Nico? I would have never guessed that a child of hades would know how to whip." Said Jason grace. "If this is what your asking, there is no way in Tartarus I am whipping for any of you." Annabeth and Percy flinched at that word. "Sorry." "Pleaaaaaaaaaaaase." "Percy no." "Why not?" "Don't push it Grace." "Sorry." Both Percy and Jason replied. Percy had invited all his friends over to his cabin to chill since the Romans were visiting. In the cabin was Leo, Piper, Jason, Frank, Hazel, Annabeth, Percy, and me. "Fine, I won't push you, but all of us want to see it you know." As if on que a blonde son of Apollo bursts in the cabin with Silento playing. "C'mon death-boy" "Fine!" "Yayyyyyyyy" came from the crowd. Now watch me whip Now watch me nae-nae Now watch me whip, whip Watch me nae-nae Now watch me whip Watch me nae-nae Now watch me whip, whip Watch me nae-nae As the music was blasting through the cabin I was doing the moves Will had taught me, but this time a let loose a little. While I was dancing I saw an on-slaughter of grins shining onto me. I guess you don't usually see a Ghost King doing the whip occasionally. When the song ended everyone was clapping. Piper had to calm everyone down because they were a little bit too loud and almost woke every one up. "Damn Nico! Never knew you had it in you!" exclaimed Percy. "Was it good?" "What do you mean 'was it good' it was frikin awesome. It wasn't as good as Mr. Mcshizzle's whip but it was pretty damn close." "Shut it Valdez." Said Frank, but I could tell he was trying hard not to burst into laughter. Eventually it gave through and everyone burst out laughing. Even I managed to chuckle a laugh. Clunk clunk clunk. "Come in." Percy said. After a moment of silence a very annoyed centaur opened the door and came into the Poseidon cabin. "What is all this?" he questioned. "Yo Chiron, Nico here just did the freaking whip!" Jason exclaimed loudly. I thought we were in some serious trouble, but Chiron just laughed. "Curse it! Man I can't believe I missed it." He said. Everyone bursted out laughing, even Nico and Chiron. "Ok everyone go back to bed." Chiron said in-between laughters This was a night I would never forget. Bananas? (Will's POV) "Pleaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaase Sunshine" begged my ever so handsome boyfriend. He wanted to go to the new café that was built no more than a week ago in Manhattan. I wouldn't allow him to go because that place was very shady. The last time I had been there everyone there was acting really crazy. Don't get me wrong, but I'm pretty sure cafés are supposed to be peaceful or so I've heard. "Will come one it's only about 15 minutes from camp! What could possibly go wrong?" "I don't know Nico, but I get a weird feeling whenever I'm around there." "Aww c'mon Solace. What could possibly go wrong?" "Ok fine we'll go." Famous last words. (at the café) "Vanilla Frappuccino or Caramel Mocha?" Nico asked me. "To be honest I haven't tried either of them." I responded. "Hello what would you like to order today?" asked to cashier. She had black hair cut to her jawline with a pale tan. On her name-tag read Zia . What a nice name. "I will get a blueberry muffin and a Vanilla shake please." I ordered "And for you sir?" "I will get the Caramel Mocha." "Ok, that will be $8.65 and your order number will be 274." I handed her the cash got the change and took a seat next to the window. While we were waiting for the order I decided to strike up a conversation. "So death-boy, how's life." "Well, it's going pretty badly I guess. I have this very annoying blonde son of Apollo in which I drag around with me everywhere I go so I mean…" he teased. "I am not annoying much to your concern thank you very much." I teased back while playfully punching him on the arm. Instead of punching back he smirked and kissed my hand. "Love you Sunshine." "Love you too death-boy." "Order number 274." "Well I will get that, and you stay put." I said to my adorable boyfriend. Once we finished eating and drinking we took a taxi to camp half-blood. "Are you sure you want to be dropped off here, there is nothing to go to?" the taxi driver questioned. "I'm sure." Nico replied. When we got back to camp both of us headed to the hades cabin to chat for a little while. Once we stepped in Nico immediately dove onto his bed face first then shot back up and started jumping up and down. Now I was really confused. "Nico! What the hell?" was all that would come out of my mouth. It isn't every day you see a very hyper son of Hades. "Woah, calm down Solace. It's not the end of the world. I just feel really pumped up that's all. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAAHAH BANANAS!" He yelled then jumped off the bed and ran out of the cabin. They must of spiked his drink … I knew that place was shady. The only thing I could do was run after him. After looking for forever I found him at the Poseidon cabin were Percy and Jason were having their usual bro contest. Annabeth and Piper were next to them complaining on how stupid their boyfriend were. "Hey guys what!" Nico exclaimed excitingly. All of them were as confused as I were because none of us have ever seen Nico like this. "What?" Jason asked. "I LOVE BIG BANANAS HAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA." Nico screamed than ran off. They all just stood there in awestruck for about a second or two then bursted out laughing. "Solace, what did you do to Nico?" Percy questioned in between laughs. "I promise I didn't do anything! He wanted to go to the new café, and they must of spiked his drink. I promise it wasn't my fault and I will try to get him good as new I promise." I pleaded. "Well don't just stand there then go after him!" Piper said. With that said and done I ran out of the cabin and chased after Nico. After about 10 minutes I found him the big house with Chiron, Mr. D, and Clarisse. I will have to ask about that later. "Hey Chiron, I have something very important to tell you." Nico said in a very serious tone. "What is it Nico?" "I LOVE BANANAS AHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH." He screamed than ran out of the big house. Chiron gave me a What the heck was that about look and I gave him an I have no idea please don't kill me look. Clarisse just laughed and turned to face me. "Wow, I really should have recorded that." "Sunbath, you are to take care of that young man until his is back to normal, you understand?" Mr. D ordered. "It's Solace." "Whatever." On that happy note I ran out of the big house in search of Nico. An hour passed and I still haven't found him. So I decided to wonder the woods and see if a come across him there. Fortunately I did find him there, sitting down with his back against Zeus's fist. "Nico, wake up." I said while nudging his stomach with my elbow. "Solace, what happened?" "Oh Nico, this will be a long one to explain." "Well…as long as we are together it doesn't matter." "That is the smartest thing you have said today death-boy." "Same to you Sunshine." And that day ended with a kissing session under the sunset. This wasn't how it was supposed to go down… (Nico's POV) "No way in Hades am I doing