Rogue sighed as she sat down on thebench in the courtyard. She leaned her head back, squinting her eyes against the bright sunlight. She reached up and pushed aside a strand of her white streaked hair away. *Things just keep getting worse,* she thought. *Dr. Grey was dead.* Rogue closed her eyes. Dr. Grey had sacrificed herself to save Rogue and the others....she'd died for them. *For me.* Guilt washed over her in waves as she shut out everything else; the other students at the school, the birds, the wind....all she focused on was the guilt and all the voices in her head. "Hey, kid." Rogue opened her eyes and looked over to see Logan standing beside the bench. His hands were stuck in the back pocket of his jeans, his muscular biceps bulging under his white T-shirt. He stared down at her sadly. Rogue wasn't sure if it was because he sensed her pain or if it was his own pain over Jean's death. Whichever it was, it only made her guilt worsen. She attempted to smile at him, and Logan returned a small smile himself. He sat down next to her, draping his arms across the back of the bench. They were silent for a long while, the only sounds heard was the ones that went on around them. Children played around the courtyard, some studying. Rogue felt her chest constrict. They had no idea what had really happened....no idea that Jean wasn't coming back. Finally, Logan looked over at her. "How ya doin', kid?" Rogue looked at him and smiled brokenly, shrugging her shoulders. "I dunno....," she said. "I guess I'm doing alright." Logan cocked an eyebrow. "You're good at lyin', kid, but I can see through it. Now, come on....it's just me and you. Tell me the truth. How are you?" Rogue stared at him a moment before bowing her head. "I don't feel right," she said, her Southern drawl heavy. "I feel kind of guilty." Logan frowned. "Why?" She shrugged. "I don't know. Because I broke the jet....I made it so Dr. Grey had to go outside..." Logan was silent as she talked, running over in his mind what he would say to her. "Ya know, sometimes I wonder if I should have died that night on Liberty Island. At least then Dr. Grey would still be alive." At those words, Logan turned to her, pointing his finger at her. "Hey, now, listen to me. I don't want to ever hear anything like that again, you hear me? It's not true. Alright? Look....kid," he said, his voice gentler now. "It wasn't your fault in any way. Now, Jean made a choice. She chose to die so that we didn't have to. It was nobody's fault, especially not yours." He watched the silent tears course down her face. "Rogue...Jean loved you. She wouldn't want you beating yourself up over what happened." Rogue looked over at him. "So you aren't angry at me?" For a moment, Logan looked shocked, but it was quickly replaced with anger. "Now why would you think that?" he demanded. Rogue shrugged. "I dunno....because you kinda had a thing for Jean...like Scott loved her." Logan leaned in closer. "You know he's not mad at you, either, right? Look, kid....it was no one's fault. I just happened...alright?" Rogue stared at him a moment before nodding. "Okay." She smiled at him and he returned it. Logan knew that Rogue was partially just saying that for his benefit and that she still felt somewhat guilty. But, then again...so did he. He felt guilty that they hadn't done more to try and save Jean....*But the Professor said we couldn't have,* he thought. He sighed and looked over at the girl who sat next to him. He reached out and flipped one of the white streaks that hung on the side of her face, careful not to touch her skin. Rogue's brown eyes glared at him playfully, and he smiled. "Come on. I'll buy ya a bite to eat." "She's blaming herself, Chuck," Logan said to the bald, smartly dressed man in the wheelchair. "She told me she didn't, but you can tell in her eyes that she does." Charles Xavior looked at the man who stood before him. He already knew how Rogue felt, his telepathy having picked it up before anyone else. And yet, for one of the first times in his life, he had no idea how to fix it. "Why would she blame herself?" Scott Summers asked from his position by the window. Xavior looked over at him. "Because she feels that since she crashed the jet, it was her that forced Jean to go outside." Beside him, Ororo Munroe--Storm--looked shock. "That wasn't her fault. She wanted to help. She couldn't help it if the jet was too powerful for her." Xavior nodded, his hand covering his mouth as he thought. "She's insistent on thinking that One-Eye here and myself are mad at her for what happened," Logan said, looking over at Scott. Though his eyes couldn't be seen beneath his visor, anyone could assume that his eyes held disbelief. "That's ridiculous," he said. "I would never blame Rogue for the decision Jean made." Logan raised his eyebrows. "Yeah, tell her that. The girl's as stubborn as a mule. It's frustrating. Like pulling teeth to get her to believe anything." "What can we do, Professor?" Storm asked, resting her hand on the wheelchair. The older man sighed. "What CAN we do? Grief is a powerful thing. People deal with tragedy in their own way. Rogue obviously deals with it by taking all the blame for it. You can't ever rush someone to get over their grief. It's a long process....I suppose all we can do is give her time." The others were silent, none knowing of any other way. Rogue stared up at the ceiling of her dorm room. *Why am I even here?* she thought sadly. *What do I contribute but more pain?* /The curtain falls Down she goes So long worth All the applause seems beautiful It's got a hold on her. She whispers "I'll go home" And then she's reminded That she doesn't know where that is/ Rogue wiped the tears from her eyes, closing them and stifling the sobs that welled up in her throat. /Thought she belonged But she knows she don't Thought she had love But it is not enough the pain inside Speaking to her How could she feel like this? So aimless/ Rogue opened her eyes again, wishing with all her might that the voices in her head would quit yelling...wishing that things would just be quiet for once. /His glass falls Breaks into a thousand pieces spilling out all he's tried to hide. "I only wanted to be strong to be brave But it's driven everyone away"/ She clutched the sides of her head, trying to drown out the voices and trying to remember her promise to Logan. *It wasn't my fault,* she told herself. *So why can't I believe that? Why won't they let me believe that?* /Thought he belonged But he knows he don't Thought he had love But it is not enough the pain inside Speaking to him How could he feel like this? So aimless/ Rogue rolled over onto her side, clutching her pillow, pressing it against the sides of her head. She wanted it to be quiet. She wanted to feel guiltless. /And I've been him And I've been her Covered up Under the dirt Want to get out I want to be free And know where I'm going Where I'm going/ She didn't want to cause any more pain....didn't want to hurt anyone else. /Thought I belonged But I know I don't Thought I had love But it is not enough the aching inside Speaking to me How could I feel like this? So aimless/ She shut her eyes again, blocking out everything around her. Her room mates, the sound of footsteps and voices elsewhere in the Mansion....all she could hear were the voices in her head. /They've always known this wasn't home they've always known this wasn't home/ Rogue just wanted to get out. *I want to sleep in silence for once,* she thought. *No voices, no guilt....just the quiet.* /I've always known this wasn't home/*I just want to be happy.*/I've always known this wasn't home/ Chapter Two Rogue groaned as she rolled over. *Since when do mattresses feel like rocks?* she wondered. She felt a cool breeze rush over her, and she reached down to pull up her covers. *Wait a second.* Her covers were gone. And since when did she and her room mates sleep with the window open? It wasn't very safe, considering the hostility towards mutants nowadays. Rogue opened her eyes and was greeted with a bright blue sky and the tops of trees. *What the....* She sat up, now realizing that she was lying on the hard ground, somewhere in the middle of a forest. She looked around. *Where am I?* she thought. *What happened?* Rogue climbed to her feet, wincing as the rocks cut into the soles of her feet. Brushing off her black, spaghetti strap nightgown, she turned, taking in her surroundings. "Professor?" she yelled. "Jubilee? Kitty? Anyone?" Only silence greeted her. She sighed. "Great" she muttered. "Stuck in a forest, who knows where....alone." She looked up at the sky with her hands on her hips. "Some days you just shouldn't get out of bed." Rogue froze when she heard a strange sound from behind her. What was that? It sounded like something was climbing....slowly crawling, joints creaking....softly hissing. Slowly, Rogue turned around, and her eyes widened in fear at what stood behind her. A huge spider. Now, I'm not talking one of those little fat ones, but a HUGE spider--one that was even bigger than Rogue herself. Several blinking eyes stared back at her, while the creature's fangs moved. The way they nearly rubbed together reminded Rogue of a greedy child rubbing his hands together because he knew he was going to get a treat. She had seen the gesture several times at the school, especially when Storm was making some kind of treats. The spider stared at Rogue as if SHE were a treat. As Rogue stood there, her heart beating erratically, she did the first thing that came to mind: She screamed. A blood curdling, terrified scream erupted from her mouth. The spider stumbled back a step, then stood up on its too back legs and opened its jaws, releasing an ear piercing shriek. Rogue turned and did the one thing she hoped to never do again: She ran. She didn't think--she just ran. Nothing registered in her mind--the hard ground cutting into her bare feet, the branches of trees and bushes catcher her hair and nightgown as she ran, the tiny scrapes it left. The only thing Rogue could think about was the fear that consumed her, the sound of the creature's eight legs as it chased her, and the need to escape it and survive. "HELP ME!" she yelled, looking behind her and seeing that the spider was quickly gaining on her. "SOMEBODY PLEASE HELP ME!" ------------------------------- "She's gone," Logan announced as he rushed into the Professor's study. The Professor looked up at him from his place across from Scott. "Who?" Scott asked, his hand frozen on the chess piece he had been in the process of moving. Logan strode up to them. "Rogue. She's gone. Kitty said she wasn't in the room this morning and no one heard or saw her leave. I can't find her anywhere." Storm entered at that moment, followed by Kurt, his blue skin illuminated in the sun light, his black duster billowing behind him. "She's nowhere on the lower level," Storm said as she came to stand behind the Professor. "Nor outside anywhere," Curt said. Logan looked over at the Professor. "Chuck, do you know where she is?" The bald