From the Heart of Dixie to Olympus A/N: Alright guys, here is my newest story. It is set in and around the events of the Heroes of Olympus but there will be some changes made and I hope you guys like them. Also, for those of you who were wondering what happened to my story Power's Legacy this is the replacement for it. I wasn't really happy with it so I decided to put a new twist on it. Anyways, be sure to leave a review and let me know what you guys think! Disclaimer: I do not own anything except any O.C and all rights belong to their respective owners. Chapter I: I Show New York Some Southern Hospitality I never thought my life could get any more bizarre. One day, I'm sipping on a glass of sweet tea enjoying the Alabama sunshine then BAM! I'm fighting monsters with a bunch of teenagers. Allow me to explain, my name is Alex McCann and it all started on the day I went to visit my cousin Percy up in New York City. I was walking down the street in Manhattan and boy did I stick out in a crowd. I looked like I had just herded a bunch of cows on some ranch somewhere. I had on loose boot-cut blue jeans with a navy blue fishing polo on. My cowboy boots clicked on the pavement as I walked to the address my dad gave me for Aunt Sally's place. I hadn't seen my aunt since the family reunion back when I was still very little. That was before Percy had been born and I still hadn't met the guy. Apparently, he was quite the troublemaker and always had to move schools. I remember hearing about him when uncle Gabe said he trashed his Camaro and killed Sally. Even a guy who was a clueless as me was smart enough to know that wasn't true. Anyways, I finally found the place and decided to enjoy a quick smoke before knocking on the door. I lit a match on the heel of my boot and used it on my cigarette. I took a few puffs and suppressed some coughs before finally knocking on the door. My ears picked up on some people talking inside but the voices piped down immediately after I knocked. "I'll get it mom!" a voice yelled before the door swung open and Percy stood there with a disinterested look on his face. "Can I help you dude?" Percy asked with a bored tone. There were circles of exhaustion under his sea green eyes that made me a bit concerned. "Percy…it's me…your cousin Alex," I said with a forced smile. The awkwardness of the situation was almost unbearable. Percy gave me a blank expression until realization finally dawned on his face. "Oh, I'm so sorry man feel free to come in!" Percy said as his face flushed red a bit from embarrassment. He also had on blue jeans but his fit a bit tighter and he had on a blue t-shirt. "Don't mind if I do," I said as I entered the apartment. It wasn't anything special just a standard two-bedroom apartment with a kitchen and a small family room with a couch and a coffee table facing a T.V leaned up against the wall. "Who was it honey?" Sally asked from the kitchen. "Alex is here," Percy answered. The sound of shuffling feet soon came from the kitchen as Sally made her way out of the kitchen. She had her brown hair tied back in a bun and had on a flannel shirt that was blue and green. She ran over and gave me a friendly hug; it felt nice to be with my mom's side of the family even though my mom passed away during childbirth. My dad always said that I was just like her and had her rebellious spirit. "How have you been Alex? It's been ages since I last saw you!" Sally said with a cheery tone. Before I could say a word a girl with blonde hair walked in the room and took Percy's hand in hers. She had startling gray eyes that were scary to look at and she had tan skin like she belonged out in California somewhere. "You never mentioned that you had a cousin, Seaweed Brain," she said. Seaweed Brain ? "Sorry about my cousin miss, the name's Alex McCann, it's a pleasure to meet you," I said with my signature grin as I reached out and shook her hand politely. "My name's Annabeth and this Seaweed Brained cousin of yours happens to be my boyfriend," she said as she playfully nudged Percy's side with her elbow. I shared a laugh with them before Sally guided me to a guest bedroom where I would be sleeping. It wasn't much but it would do. A bed sat in the middle of the room with a nightstand next to it with a small reading lamp. I walked over and noticed some framed pictures on the nightstand. One was of my mom and dad at their wedding reception with Sally. I could recognize my mom due to our similar features. She had dark brown hair like mine with matching brown eyes much like my own. We also shared the same smile that said that we were definitely up to no good. It was only a few months after the wedding that I was born and sadly my mom couldn't withstand the pain of the procedure and passed away shortly after. It hurt to think about even though I never met my mother. I just felt a connection to her spirit and sometimes I couldn't help but feel that she was out there watching me. The next picture was of an infant Percy in a bathtub as a younger looking Sally tried, and hilariously failed, at doing. Percy also had a small tuft of black hair on his tiny infant head and his sea green eyes were visible as well and I couldn't help but feel sad looking at the picture despite how happy Sally and Percy looked. You see, my dad, as much as I loved him, had his hands full trying to raise me on his own throughout the years. He would never let me know that though. He always tried to be positive and tried to mold me into a respectable young man. He managed to do a pretty good job even though he worked three jobs and hadn't maintained a relationship since mom died. My dad managed to send me to some pretty expensive schools even though I insisted that he not. I passed with pretty good grades and got accepted to my dream college of Auburn University to study in film. That had been my dream since I was a kid to make movies and ever since I was little I could be seen running around the house recording stuff with a video camera. My dad encouraged me to go to school and things had been going good. I had just finished up my sophomore year when I went up to visit Percy and I was excited for what the rest of my trip would hold. That night, Percy and Annabeth decided to take me out for a night on the town. They kept giggling at my reactions to seeing all the big skyscrapers but I didn't mind. I was raised in the Deep South; the tallest thing I had seen was a silo grain on my neighbor's farm. They couple continued showing me the sights of Manhattan. We saw the Empire State Building, Central Park, and Times Square. I stood in utter awe and amazement at the sights and I didn't want the fun to end. Of course, it was that same night in which my life got flipped upside down, Fresh Prince style. We were walking down a random street and it was very late that night. This was the time that my dad had warned me to be careful of trouble but that didn't cross my mind as I munched on a slice of New York style pizza while Percy and Annabeth held hands and Annabeth had her head snuggled into Percy's shoulder. I couldn't help but feel a pang of jealousy with my cousin. I hadn't really been in an honest relationship my whole life and it actually hadn't bothered me until now. Before I could mope over my love life anymore, we passed a dark alleyway where the sound of a scuffle could be heard. I peered down the alley and spotted a guy curled up in the fetal position on the ground as three thugs kicked and pummeled him relentlessly. I heard Percy sigh behind him at the sight but he kept walking with his girlfriend. I shot them a scowl, "So you're not going to do anything? That poor fella is getting his teeth kicked in and you're content to just walk by as if nothing is happening?" I asked with anger evident in my voice. Back home, if someone who was defenseless got beat up on like that, another person would usually intervene and come to the weaker person's aid. Percy looked at me and his expression was solemn, as if he could feel the pain of the guy who was getting mugged. "You know what? Forget it, I'll take care of these punks myself," I said as I quickly stormed down the alleyway before Percy or Annabeth could try to stop me. I heard them give out an exasperated sigh before they took off after me. I stormed right up to the muggers and cleared my throat before speaking, "Hey! Knock it off!" I yelled. I immediately started to regret my decision once the muggers diverted their attention from the guy on the ground to look at me. They were each over six feet tall and one had on a pair of bloody bronze knuckles while another had a gun sticking out of pocket. "You got a death wish cowboy?" one said as he eyed my clothes. I probably looked like the sheriff in those old Westerns who always came in to break up trouble in the saloon. "I just noticed that you were beating up on that poor fella who couldn't even defend himself. My pa always told me there was nothing more cowardly than beating up on the people who can't defend themselves," I said with a false sense of confidence. I tried to look my toughest in front of the muggers but I kept glancing over at the one with the gun and I couldn't help but feel scared. "I hate to break it to you but this ain't Kansas no more punk. So how about you take yourself and your two friends here and beat it before things get ugly," he said with a snigger before turning his attention back to the guy who they were beating up. He was bloody and beaten and his clothes were now just a bunch of sweaty and dirty rags that barely clung to his body. I felt myself blush a bit at his reference to the Wizard of Oz. I clenched my fists in anger and started breathing very deeply. Annabeth must've noticed this because she put a hand on my shoulder, "C'mon Alex, lets get out of here and go back to Percy's place," she said trying to keep me from losing my cool. It was for nothing because I stepped forward and tapped one of the guys on the shoulder. He turned around to face me and I punched him hard across the face and sent him stumbling back into a dumpster. "Alright kid, I warned you," one of the other mugger grumbled before trying to grab me. I was a blur fighting the muggers, I punched, kicked, and dodged until the three muggers were sprawled out on the concrete groaning from the beat down they