Crash. I dropped the platter of food all over him. I dropped the platter of food all over him. "Oh my god, I am so sorry!" I blush, trying to pick up the plates and attempting to get at least some of the food off of him. "Shit...sorry!" It wasn't my fault, really. I mean, it was only half my fault. This happened once every few months. I seemed to remember I had no balance and that I shouldn't be carrying large trays of food and then I would drop the tray. Most of the time it wasn't on anyone but sometimes...well, sometimes I wasn't that lucky. But today I had been distracted by who had occupied the table for two across from the counter area. Brady Fuller and Collin Corsini. I wasn't one of those girls who ogled the La Push Gang and got all lightheaded when they were around. Well, I only got that way around Seth sometimes, but that didn't count. What had thrown me off was that Collin had proceeded to stare at me the entire time after I had taken their order. I really couldn't be to blame. Really. "Nice!" Brady cracks up, reaching over and grabbing a cheeseburger resting on Collin's arm that was missing the top half of its' bun. Seth walks over, laughing and making my face heat up even more. He reaches over and ruffles my hair. "You got him good...though nothing will beat dropping a plate of spaghetti on Sam." He admits, sending me a wink. I groan and Brady breaks into another round of laughter after taking a bite of the cheeseburger. "Yum, still tastes good." He points out. "I am so sorry, Collin." I apologize. "I promise I didn't mean to." "I-It's o-okay." He stutters. I pause for a moment and appraise him. He didn't seem mad. I pick up a napkin that was resting on the table and wipe ketchup from his face. "This is hilarious." Brady continues to laugh and munch on the food that is laying all over the table they are sitting at. "I'll put your orders in again and rush them." I promise, looking anywhere but into their eyes. I quickly gathered the tray, plates, and as much of the food as possible. I turn to walk away only to be stopped by a warm hand on my wrist. "Don't worry about it. Honestly." Collin says quietly. "No big deal." I nod my head once before heading back into the kitchen. It was a big deal. At least the diner hadn't been busy...just a middle-aged couple sitting off to the side. It would have been worse if there had been more people around. But I'm sure Collin and Brady would tell their friends who would tell their friends...I'd receive hell for this. Once I am safe inside the kitchen, I drop all the plates into the large sink. "That was one of your best drops yet, Dani-Roo!" Martin, our head cook, says. "That was horrible." I groan. "Are they still looking?" "Nope." Martin assures me. I sneak a peak over the counter and, of course, they are both looking in this direction, grinning. Brady even waves. I let out a squeak and duck back down. "I hate you!" I hiss while Martin continues to laugh. "Just remake their order." "Already started on it, Babe." He replies with a wink. I stick my tongue out at him and grab the bucket of sanitizer and a dishtowel to clean up the rest of the mess with. Deep breaths. I push open the door and hurry back over to the table to wipe it down. Seth has left and I notice that he is standing near the front door talking with his girlfriend, Natalie...Nikita... whatever . "Well, the good news is that since most of the food got on you, I don't have to clean up that much." I speak up, giving Collin a weak smile. "Yeah, I guess." Collin muses, returning my hesitant smile. "You can go use the bathroom and clean up if you want." I offer, gesturing to the bathrooms across the diner. "Though it would probably work better if you just stood outside in the rain." "Is that you asking me to leave…?" He trails off, looking a tad disappointed. "No! No, I...uh...it was a joke. When I'm nervous I make really bad jokes." I babble. "I also have no control over what I'm saying which is why— I'm gonna shut up now. Your food should be out soon." I turn on my heel and rushed back to the safety of the kitchen. I can hear Brady laughing hysterically. Well, at least someone thinks I'm funny . Martin is laughing too, having witnessed the whole thing. "Shut. Up." I grit out before tossing the bucket into the sink, splattering water everywhere. "I'm taking my break." I had hid outside under the small alcove in the back of the diner and made Martin personally deliver the food to them. I refused to see them again and stayed away from everyone until Martin promised me both the boys had left. It was quiet for the remainder of the afternoon, only a few more people coming in and some were just teenagers getting coffee or hot chocolate. Thankfully, I didn't mess up or drop anything on anyone for the rest of the night. I'm just refilling the napkin dispensers for tomorrow when the little bell that is attached to the front door goes off. I finish filling the dispenser before looking up to see who had walked in. My breath catches in my throat. Shit. "Hey, Danielle." Collin says, sounding nervous. I don't know why he sounded nervous, I was the one freaking out. "Oh, um, hey…" I trail off and push the napkin dispenser away from me before I can knock it over. "I see you've showered." He closes the distance between us and sits at the stool that is just in front of where I'm standing. "Nah, I just stood outside in the rain for a bit." He replies with a hint of a smile on his face. "Oh, I just—" "Relax, Danielle, I'm kidding." He interrupts, giving me a real smile and seeming to relax more. I nod my head. Of course he is kidding. "You didn't come back and bring us our food...the second time I mean." "Uh, I was on my break?" I defend, though it comes out sounding like a question. He raises his eyebrows at me slightly but doesn't push it. "Okay." "One-second." I speak up after a moment of awkward silence. I turn and go over to the freezer area, grabbing a dish from the stack. I scoop some chocolate ice cream into it, shut the freezer, grab a spoon, then head back over to him. "I probably owe you, huh?" I ask, putting the dish down and pushing it towards him. He gives me a full smile. "Well, if you're offering me ice cream, then sure, I guess you do." He laughs, taking a bite. "Chocolate's my favorite." "Me too." "Awesome." He responds, sending me a grin. I blush and look away, checking the other napkin dispensers on the counter along with the salt and pepper shakers. "You know, if you really want to make it up to me, we could hang out sometime." I pause and almost drop one of the shakers. I wait five long seconds, expecting him to start laughing or something but he doesn't so I slowly turn to look at him. He is still sitting there and just looking at me, his ice cream abandoned momentarily. "What are you doing here?" I ask, realizing he had never specified what he was exactly here for. "Oh, well, I came to see you." He admits. "To see me ?" "Yeah, you seemed upset earlier and I just wanted you to know I wasn't mad and I wasn't going to get you in trouble with Sue or anything like that." He says, scooping another bite of ice cream into his mouth. "And I thought that maybe we could hang out or something...you guys close in, like, ten minutes, right?" "Is this some joke?" I narrow my eyes at him. "Because it's not funny and I said I was sorry. It was an accident so if this is payback then you can— "Woah, woah, woah!" He interrupts, holding up his spoon in a mock-peace gesture. "I just wanted to hang out, you seem nice, I wasn't looking for revenge or whatever." "Oh." I flush because he looks so sincere and a little upset. "Um…" "We could just take a walk down to the beach...talk...I don't really know you." He suggests. I sigh and search his face for anything that may show an ulterior motive or that this is a joke but only see honesty and hopefulness. "I don't think so…" I decide. "I have to go finish some homework and my mom likes me home before it gets too dark…" "Well, how about I walk you home?" His hopefulness had returned full swing. "I mean, we live next to each other anyway." "Okay...I mean, I guess that's okay." I finally mumble. His face lights up and I know I am blushing again. Great . "I'm just gonna...and…yeah...finish...um...yeah…" I stutter gesturing to the kitchen. He nods his head and goes back to his ice cream while I stumbled into the back kitchen area. "Saw that." Martin sings, cleaning up the cooking area. "Oh, shut up." I snap back at him. "You didn't see anything ." "You're right." He agrees and for a moment I think he is going to drop it. But only for a moment. "I didn't see you completely fail at flirting or be rude to a guy who was trying to be nice after you dropped an entire tray of food on him." "What's that, Martin?" I call loudly. "Oh, you're going to finish closing up by yourself?" "I didn't say—" "Oh, you insist on it?" I continue. "And I can leave early? Thank you!" I clock out on the small computer off to the side near the staff table, grab my sweatshirt, and then walk right out the kitchen door, leaving a very shocked Martin behind. "Time to go." I say, grabbing Collin's unfinished ice cream from the counter and sliding it across the ledge of the metal window that gives you a view into the kitchen. "I wasn't done!" He insists, looking mournfully after his ice cream before turning his attention back to me. "Don't you have to—" "Nope, let's go!" I interrupt, climbing onto the counter and swinging my legs over. He chuckles and follows me out the door. "Bye, Martin!" I call just before making it safely out the front door with Collin in tow. "He's pissed." Collin laughs, but I just shrugged. Oh well . He pauses for a moment and looks at me a little unsure but then easily brightens up and falls into step next to me. "So...you really came back to The Diner to see me?" I ask. "Because you know that I dropped an entire tray of food on you earlier, right?" "Yeah, it's not something I'd forget." He smiles, sending me a wink. "I dunno...I was sitting with Brady and you came over to take our order and bam … I mean, I just wondered why we never talked and I was gonna ask if you wanted to hang out later and then you dropped food on me and then never came back…" I blush again. Dammit. "Brady thinks you're hilarious though and, well, you know it's important that your bro likes your girl. So you're already off to a good—" " Your girl ?" I question, scrunching up my nose. "I am not your girl." "Yeah, about that, I was thinking we could go out sometime." He finally says. "You're a freshman." I laughed, hoping he isn't serious. "And you're a sophomore.