Chapter 1: The House of Urien A/N: I've had an idea or baseline for a story about Harry Potter for ages now, and now is the best time to start writing it. Basically, I'll be taking one of the Knights of the Round Table from the Arthurian legends, Sir Urien, and be twisting his story slightly. Some other knights will be mentioned, but this will mostly focus on Urien and his direct descendants (namely his son and daughter). Anyway, I'll be doing exactly what I did with my GoT story (for those who read that fic too, don't worry, the second instalment will be here soon.) So, I'll be starting with The Prisoner of Azkaban and will go from there. Things may change, things may not change, and so on and so forth… Just in case: Bold Italics – Inner Thoughts. Italics – Flashbacks. Anyway, let's begin! X-X-X-X We Live With Our Honour. Those were the words of the legendary, most ancient and most noble House of Urien. Some say that the House of Urien could be traced all the way back to the Arthurian Tales, with House Urien being founded by the Knight of the same name. Sir Urien of The Round Table, in service to his most noble king: King Arthur Pendragon. That was until the Battle of Camlaan. The Battle where they lost their king. The Batttle of Camlaan was a bloodbath. Thousands died on both Arthur and Mordred's sides. A waste of both Non-Magical and Magical life. Such talent wasted on a fight that was caused by a power-hungry child. It was needless to say that the Houses of the Round Table despised Mordred until the end of days. The House of Mordred was a house of traitors and betrayers. Mordred betrayed Arthur when he was fighting the tyrannical Emperor Lucius of Rome. And so Arthur turned back to fight against his son. The son that had taken his throne and his wife for his own. And everyone knows how the tale goes… Mordred strikes down Arthur, only for Arthur to retake him by surprise and end his son's life. Only seven men left the Battle of Camlaan, and not one of them was the great man known as King Arthur Pendragon. Urien. Galahad. Percival. Lancelot. Caradoc. Bors. Pellinore. The Knights of the Round Table were soon dissolved, and left to wonder the world of their own accord. What some have not taken into account however, is that those seven members that survived the Battle of Camlaan were given unique items and abilities in return of their most noble service to the late King Arthur. Urien was given the power of immortality, and as he was a Non-Magical Person, he was given the power to become one himself. The seven last Knights of the Round Table had said their goodbyes, and left, never to see each other again. Galahad was taken by Angels, with Percival as his witness. Lancelot died of a broken heart after his king and queen died. From what is known, Pellinore went mad and was never seen again. Percival died of old age, thankful for living the life he lived. Caradoc died just as Percival did, living happily with his wife, Guinier. Bors went missing soon after the Knights of the Round Table was dissolved, never to be seen again. Urien never asked and never found out what the other seven knights had gained from what had appeared to them that fateful night. He was happy with being able to wander the earth forever until the end of time. He wished to see what the future held for him and his family. What follows is the experiences of Sir Urien of House Urien. X-X-X Coast of Scotland, Year 854 Urien had boarded the longship alongside his fellow Nord men and waited. He had adopted the traits of the great men that some had named 'Vikings'. Some preferred to call them raiders and thieves, and then proceeded to insult them. The men and women that Urien fought with were anything but thieves. The land they lived on was hardy and tough, but not inhospitable. They eked out a living, some made their living by farming and trading, some plied their trade of fighting, and if they were part of the clans that inhabited the Nordic Lands, they raided and supplied the lands. Urien could not help but admire how they fought. The fought with courage, however some would call it arrogance. Large amounts of Vikings refused to wear armour, as they thought it was for the milk-drinkers that inhabited what would now be called Europe and the United Kingdom. There was a mix of blue, black and red war paint that covered the well-toned and hardened muscles of the Vikings. " Urien! Get up here!" Urien pushed his way through the crowd of Vikings that occupied the longship. He could see Jarl Bjorn was clinging to the bow of the longship, and in his other hand was his axe. He raised his axe in the air and gave a mighty roar. " Show theses cowards no mercy! Do not stay your blades! Show them how real men fight!" Jarl Bjorn yelled. The Vikings behind Bjorn and Urien gave screams and roars of approval. They threw their hammers and axes into the air as well, roaring as the longship hit land. Urien turned to see three more longships carrying even more men and women to fight alongside them. Sometimes Urien wondered if he would be considered a true knight after all the raiding and pillaging he had done. Those moments had came and gone, usually coming for him whenever he knew he was going to battle once more. Urien twirled the battle-axe in his hands, waiting for Bjorn to tell him to let loose on the Scots that were attempting to defend their settlement from the Viking invaders. Not that their pathetic defence would do anything to stop them. " Bjorn, you called for me." " You have proven yourself to me, to our people. King Haakon has told me of your intentions after this raid." Bjorn admitted, keeping his eyes on the settlement as his forces pushed deeper. " Yes, My Jarl, I wish to leave. It is not my intent to dishonour you or our people. I wish to travel the world, to see what it has to offer. Who knows, I may end up travelling back here after I have considered my travelling days over." " None of the 'My Jarl' shit. Call me Bjorn, you have earned the right now. I may not be happy about you leaving my clan, and after so long as well, but King Haakon has told me there is no way to stop you." " I must apologise." Urien said. " Do not. This will be your last raid with us tonight, now go, enjoy it." Urien threw his battle-axe over his shoulder and began to charge to the small little settlement. Some would say it was a little too much to take just one small settlement on the coast of Scotland, but it would be a staging point for further raids in the future, raids of which Urien would most definitely not be a part of. Urien spotted one warrior charging him with a mace, yet he clearly was not trained with his weapon. He swung violently and off-target, leaving his stomach exposed. Big mistake. Urien hefted his axe in an underarm swing, and lodged it deep into the man's gut. Blood gushed and oozed out of the man's stomach like gore-riddled river. He tore the axe out of the man's gut and swung it again through his neck, separating his head from the rest of his neck. He kicked the man out of the way before going on to the next. He hefted his axe above his head and threw it, and it landed in the next man's lungs as he collapsed to the floor, bleeding to death. One man took to believing that without a weapon, Urien was defenceless, however he was severely mistaken. Urien barely missed the steel as it slithered through the air before punching the man who swung in his throat, wrenching the sword out of the man's grasp before thrusting the same sword into his throat. Urien then noticed that one three men were giving Bjorn a spot of bother, and decided to do something about it. He launched himself to the furthest attacker, sticking the blade hilt-deep in the man's skull, taking the man's dagger and shoving it in the spine of the next man before slitting his throat and stabbing him in the lung, leaving the dagger entrenched in the assailant's flesh. The last man had Bjorn on his last legs, forcing the old Jarl down to the grass as his dirk was getting closer and closer to Bjorn's throat. As soon as Urien saw this, he threw his arm forward, but he did not touch the assailant. Urien lifted his arm forward, and the man was slowly lifted up into the air. Urien used his other hand and grasped something inside the man's flesh, and soon enough, there was a shower of blood and bone that covered Urien all over. The man's spine had been ripped out in front of everyone, and soon the Vikings had taken advantage of this. They burnt down huts, killed men, carried off the women and children to work as slaves. As the man who had his spine went into shock, Urien took the spine and wrapped it around the man's throat and twisted. Urien looked at Bjorn, and Bjorn gave him a sadistic grin. "I thought it was my time there, Urien." " Not yet it seems, Bjorn." Urien smiled back, patting him on the shoulder. " You must tell me how you do that." " A gift from the gods." Urien mused. " I'm sure it is. Fine, don't tell me." X-X-X Soon the raid was over, and the camp for the Vikings was established. The dead warriors were thrown into the ocean and swept away by the violent currents. It was a better fate than they deserved, at least that was what the other raiders said, but it did not matter what happened to the corpses. Urien had seen worse than that. Urien had seen walls and walls of dead and desecrated bodies during large battles. He had seen plague-ridden corpses flung over city walls to prevent sieges. Men were violent beings, that was what the general consensus was in Urien's head. And after a few more weeks with the Nordlings, Urien took a horse to the bottom of what would now England and travelled the mainland, and even further… X-X-X Some said that Urien was spotted in the East, training with men who carried weapons like 'katanas' and 'naginatas' and other weapons that had never been seen before. He braved the harsh winter wastelands of what would now be considered Siberia. He returned, and became a member of what is known as the Roman Empire. Urien was the most well-travelled the man in the world. He lived through centuries and met some of the most famous minds the world has ever seen. Galileo. Aristotle. And encountered some of the greatest works by people such as: Ptolemy. Archimedes. Plato. And met the worst people the world has had to offer. Adolf Hitler. Josef Stalin. Ghengis Khan. The Caliphate that destroyed Alexandria. Exploring the world had taken it's toll on Urien, and soon he had decided to call it off. He had travelled to far-away countries and seen ancient dynasties rise and fall. He had seen the world tear itself apart, he had seen attempts at mass genocide for no reason other than scapegoating. The world disgusted him. He travelled back to England and settled down in London. He had a wife, and he started a family. Sadly, not every single son and daughter lived to see the