This is slightly morbid and contains implied suicidal thoughts, so please don't read it if that isn't something you're comfortable with. It's rated M to be safe. Somehow Jason feels like his death should have been a bit more – exciting? He's not trying to be tasteless, but come on. It had been painful, but quick, so quick that he'd hardly realized what was happening. He'd been alone – no one to call him an ambulance, to pray to the gods, no Piper to command him back to life. And a car crash, honestly? He sighs. He'd expected it to be a battle, or monsters, or some god's wrath, not a car crash. Well, it's not like he can change it now, or file a complaint, so he decides to go with it and finds himself in the lobby of a Hollywood studio. Okay, then. He's always known the gods are strange, so this isn't the weirdest thing that could've happened, presumably. He steps up to the reception, and a big guy in an expensive-looking Italian suit looks down at him with a scowl. "What do you want?" he asks. His name tag says 'Charon'. Jason looks him up and down. He had imagined him differently. "I'm dead." Jason feels stupid stating the obvious like that, but he doesn't know what else to do. It's not like there is a manual for this, or if there is, he hasn't read it. Or heard of it. So there's probably not one. Charon says, "No, you're one of those half-bloods trying to get in. Sorry, you're not fooling me." Jason looks down at his orange Camp Half-Blood shirt and wishes he was wearing something else. "No, I'm really dead," he says. Charon shrugs. "Alright, then. Drachma or American Express." Jason searches his pockets. Tartarus. No drachmas. He sighs. "I haven't got any money." Charon shrugs again. "Take a seat," he says, indicating the chairs along the walls. Most of them are occupied by other people – ghosts? Dead souls? Spirits? – but some aren't. Jason takes a seat and waits. He waits for a long time. Seriously, it's not like he's an impatient guy, but how hard can it be to organize regular boat services into the Underworld? "Can you at least tell me how long I've been waiting?" he asks after what feels like an eternity. Ha hasn't been getting tired. Time feels different somehow, now that he's dead. It does make sense, sort of. "Two and a half days," Charon says. Jason groans and sits back down. If they at least had some magazines to read while waiting. Or snacks. Wait, can he eat now? He hasn't been feeling hungry. He's transparent and his body doesn't really feel the same way it did on earth. Nutrients seem kind of unnecessary now that he's dead. He doesn't think the laresat Camp Jupiter eat, but maybe they could and just don't want to? He could ask, it's kind of funny to get on Charon's nerves – "Jason?" someone asks quietly. Jason looks up and feels like he's just taken a punch to the gut. "Nico," he says, standing up. Nico's hunched his shoulders and lowered his head and it's pretty obvious he's been crying. Jason reaches out to hug him automatically, only for his hands to pass right through Nico's body. "Being dead sucks," he says, eliciting a brief, small smile from Nico. "I'm sorry," Nico says. "That's okay. Do you think you could do me a favor, though, please?" "Anything," Nico says immediately, before looking down at his shoes. "I mean, yeah, sure." "Do you have a drachma? 'Cause right now it's looking like I'll be stuck here forever, and it's really boring." "Actually," Nico says. "That's why I'm here. Come with me, I'll show you where to go." Jason smiles. "Lead the way." Charon is a lot more cooperative once Nico threatens him with suggesting to Hades that he cut the suit bonus. They get on the boat and cross the river Styx, and all Jason can do is stare. "It's beautiful," he says, and Nico shoots him a disbelieving look. "I mean it," Jason says. Nico looks away, but Jason could swear he's smiling. "Alright, do I queue somewhere around here?" Jason asks once they've got off the boat, but Nico shakes his head and leads him past the lines of waiting spirits. "I'll take you there," he says. As he follows Nico, Jason starts to feel slightly nervous. "Uh, Nico?" he asks. "Yeah?" Nico says. "Where exactly are we going?" He hopes Nico knows what he means. "Elysium," Nico says curtly. Jason exhales in relief, then asks, "But, shouldn't I be tried first?" He feels guilty hoping that the answer will be 'no' because it would only be fair to get the same treatment as everyone else, but… those queues at the entrance looked pretty long and slow-moving. Nico shakes his head. "I know you, Jason. It's pretty obvious you belong there." Jason can't help but blush. He's not sure it shows, what with him not actually being alive, and transparent now on top of it, but Zeus knows how being dead actually works. "Uh, thanks," he says. Nico smiles. "Why are you doing this for me?" Jason asks. "We're friends, aren't we?" Nico says. Jason nods. He's not sure that's Nico's real reason, but he doesn't push. They arrive at a gate. "I'll – this is it," Nico says. "Can't you go inside?" Jason asks. He doesn't want Nico to go. Not yet. Not anytime soon. Not ever, he doesn't let himself think. "Not right now," Nico says. He's hugging himself. "Some other time, okay?" Jason wishes he could pull Nico into a hug and hold him and tell him everything's going to be alright, the way he used to do when Nico was sad and Jason still alive. Before he can say anything, Nico's turned around and started making his way back. He wipes his eyes, obviously trying not to let Jason see, but Jason still does. He watches Nico until he's out of sight. Then he looks up at the gate. "Here we go," he says, and steps inside. Elysium's – well, it's awesome. But it's not the same as life, and he misses life. He misses his friends, both the camps, Piper, he even misses Hippie!Zeus keeping his creepy watch over Cabin 1 and the feeling of the statue's eyes following him around everywhere he goes. That's how much Jason misses being alive. Hopefully he'll start feeling at home here a little more once he's stayed for longer. It turns out he can eat food, but it doesn't feel the way it used to. He doesn't see Nico again for a while, and he can't help but feel a little disappointed. Sure, Nico must have better things to do than hang out in the Underworld all the time, but they're friends, Nico's said it himself. Jason hadn't thought that would change once he was dead. On the other hand, maybe it hasn't. Maybe it's better this way. It can't be good for Nico to be away from the living world for long periods at a time, or even short ones, really. Jason remembers Nico telling him he sometimes starts to fade. Jason shudders and tries to suppress the selfish urge of wanting Nico to be with him regardless. There's a lot of other heroes there, and most of them are very nice. Some of them know Percy and Annabeth and the others. It's sad and great at the same time. They do stuff like having barbeques and telling each other stories, and it's fun. He misses the others. He misses Nico. He knows it's wrong. He knows there's people being tortured or just standing around forever a very short distance away. He should be grateful. He tries. It doesn't really work. "You okay?" Beckendorf asks him. Beckendorf lives with his girlfriend Silena in the house next to Jason's. Though the houses aren't like the ones in the real world. It's hard to explain. They're more like personal spaces without many characteristics or decorations. Not that they're not nice to be in. They just don't feel like houses. "Yeah," Jason says. "Just – missing my friends." Beckendorf nods. He's not a man of many words. "Do you know if Nico comes by here often?" Jason asks hopefully. "Who?" Beckendorf asks. "Nico," Jason says. "Nico di Angelo, he's a son of Hades –" "Oh yeah, I know him from when I was alive," Beckendorf says. "No, he doesn't." "Oh," Jason says. "Okay." Silena comes to talk to him a while later. "Jason, hello," she says. She's beautiful. She reminds him of Piper, only Piper doesn't like make-up and impractically stylish clothes. Silena, however, always looks like she's just stepped off a catwalk. It's a bit scary and slightly strange to look at her. She doesn't seem real. Silena sits down next to him outside his house. "Charles said he'd talked to you about Nico," she says. She's the only person to ever call Beckendorf by his first name. "Yeah, he did," Jason says. Silena nods. "He's a guy," she says apologetically. "He doesn't get this stuff." "What stuff?" She sighs. "Ah," Jason says, pointing at his own chest. "Guy?" Silena laughs and nods. "I'm very sure Nico is going to visit you," she says. "I've got a feeling." "Right," he says, kicking a rock. She smiles at him and gets up. "Trust me," she says. Despite himself, he does. Silena turns out to be right. Nico drops by what feels like five days later, but Jason obviously can't be sure whether it's really been five days. Time is all strange now. "Hey," Nico says. "How are you?" "Fine," Jason says. "It's great." He can tell that Nico doesn't believe him. "Do you want to walk for a bit?" Nico asks him. Jason shrugs and nods. They end up sitting on the shore of the river Styx, dangling their legs dangerously close to the water. Jason doesn't care much. It reminds him of life. Life is dangerous, all of it. Death isn't. "I'm sorry," Nico says suddenly. "For not taking care of you better." Jason looks at him in surprise. He'd thought he was the one taking care of Nico, not the other way around. Nico seems to know what he's thinking, because he throws him a look and says, "I can look out for you, too, you know? Well. I should have." "It wasn't your fault," Jason says. Nico shrugs and wipes his eyes, turning away. Jason wishes he could cup Nico's face and make him look him in the eyes. Instead he just says, "Nico, look at me, please, okay?" Nico does, surprisingly. His eyes are brimming with tears and the sight breaks Jason's heart. "I'm sorry," Nico says again, voice breaking. "Gods, I didn't mean to cry, I –" "It's okay." Jason can't stop himself now, he reaches out and puts his hand next to Nico's on the ground, so their fingers are as close as they can be. "No, it's not, it's pathetic," Nico says. Jason opens his mouth to protest, but Nico shakes his head. "You don't have to say it isn't," he says with a sad smile. Before Jason can say that of course it isn't, and he's going to say it until Nico believes him, Nico's continued. "I didn't want you to die." "Me neither," Jason says drily. "It wasn't that great. Still isn't." He feels bad immediately, because he doesn't want Nico to think he's complaining or being ungrateful or something. It's Elysium – he has no right to be unhappy. "It's okay, though," he adds. "I'm getting used to it." Nico stares straight ahead for a few moments. "I – everyone is really – I mean, they – we are really –" "It's alright," Jason says. "I'm sorry. I wish I was there to help. Though I guess