Ariella Dawson, 17 - District 1 female Juliet's Shadow Outside my house there is a little shed. In that shed there are knives. Those knives are what I know best. I can escape school, after being taunted and teased about my looks and walk over to the room, grab a knife, and start throwing, imagining each bullseye is a knife in their eye. No one knows my escape after school each day. To half the people, I am sweet innocent little Ariella Dawson who wouldn't hurt a fly. I am sweet little Ariella Dawson who wouldn't say a bad word to anyone. I am sweet little Ariella Dawson, the poor girl who doesn't look like the rest of us. The other half of the people sees me as worthless Ariella Dawson, whose father was from an outlaying District. I am worthless Ariella Dawson, the mutt who doesn't belong. I am worthless Ariella Dawson, who thinks she is so much better than the rest of us. I put the people who call me worthless on the target and imagine them. I smile every time I hit Glitter in the face and Diamond in the eye. I don't hate them nearly as much as I hate the imposter who came and invaded my safe-haven eleven years ago. When I put my stepdad's face on the target, I never miss. I am especially livid this morning, as last night's conversation replays in my mind. School was crap, as usual. I was reminded of my District 10 father who didn't want me. I was reminded I was different from everyone else. I was reminded how stupid I was. At least at home I can escape the insults, or fight back. "Ariella!" My baby sister, Crystalla, only six years old comes running over to me. "Ariella! Jayden hit me." Tears are forming in the six year olds beautiful green eyes and I give her a small smile. "Well, baby, if you are ever going to get strong, you have to hit him back." I reach down and pull her up to my lap. "But, if you want to stay kind, you turn the other cheek and let him hit you again. That will make you strong in here." I point to her heart and she lets out a giggle. I kiss the top of her head. "Ariella!" I hear the booming voice of my stepfather, and Crystalla becomes frightened instantly. He walks into the room with his belt in his hand. If he wants to beat me he can go for it. He can prove my point to Crystalla right there. "What kind of crap are you telling my children now?" I don't shrink into the sidelines, as I typically do in this kind of situation. I rise up and become strong. I can be strong to my stepdad. I can be strong to this horrible man. "I'm not telling them any crap. I never tell them crap. That's your job, isn't it?" Tapaz, in all his infuriation, grabs a hold of his daughter's wrist and yanks her over to him. He grabs his belt and uses it like a whip and beats me with it on my back. It stings, but it happens so often, I've learnt to ignore the pain. "You know what, you good for nothing little interbred mutt? I hope you get reaped tomorrow. I hope you die." I rise up onto my tiptoes and look him dead in the eyes, my chocolate brown ones staring into his emerald green ones. "You don't have to worry about that. I'll volunteer tomorrow. I'll volunteer and you will hate it when I come home a victor and my mother and your children are welcome in my house and welcome to my money, but you are booted out onto the street. I could probably have a Peacekeeper kill you, if I want." He smiles a cold smile. "I can't wait." That smile still burns in my mind as I throw a knife at the target. I haven't missed once since I started to imagine him. I must have been out here for hours, just waiting for someone to interrupt me. I hear the back door to the house open and see my blonde haired, green eyed, eight year old brother come out. "Mom said I need to come get you." I put my knives down and smile at Jayden, who looks very sad. "What if you go away, Ariella? What if you get picked?" Of course I was bluffing when I said I'd volunteer. I'm pretty sure I was bluffing. I pull my little brother in for a hug and kiss the top of his head. "If I get picked, you'll have to stay strong for mom and Crystalla until I get back." Jayden doesn't stop hugging me. He keeps me close until it is 7:30am. The entire District is up early today. We have the reapings at 8:30am this morning. I walk into the house, Jayden has his hand in mine, and I sit him down at the breakfast table, next to his sister. I then go down the hall and change into my clothes. I decide to wear a tight fitting, one shouldered blue dress that goes halfway down my thighs. The one shoulder is made up of three blue pieces of fabric, swirled together so they look like cloth roses. The roses hold a piece of fabric that goes over the dress to the dress, making it look flowy as well as sexy. I smile as I put it on and then proceed to do my makeup, covering my face with natural looking powders and my eyes with mascara. I top it off with a dark red lipstick and pull my hair into an elegant side ponytail. I think I look presentable. I complete the outfit with some silver heels that look as though they could be made of glass. It looks perfect. I walk into the kitchen at 7:45am, ready to go. "Wow, Ariella! You look amazing!" The awe in Crystalla's voice makes me smile. "You really, do." I hear the soft, kind voice of my mother and smile, letting her hug me. "Thanks, momma." She sits me down at the table and gives me a glass of chocolate milk and a biscuit with a hazelnut chocolate spread in it. I eat my meal and by that time, it is time to go. We are walking out the door when Tapaz sees me. "Well, if it isn't the little mutt? Wow, you really look like a whore. Are you going to be selling yourself off as a prostitute to the other tributes?" He pauses and brings his voice down low. "I hope you die." I look him dead in the eye once again. I am never this bold to anyone, not even him, but something in me fills me with courage. "Then I'll see you in hell." I walk out the door without giving him another look. I know I wasn't bluffing. I'm going to go into the games. I check in and let myself be taken away by a crew of seventeen year olds. I know there were other girls who wanted to volunteer, but it is simply who wants it most. Right now, I want it the most. Serendipity is the name of our district escort and to me he looks like someone dyed a pig green and stuffed it into a sparkly green tux. It is disgusting to look at and seems even worse than the usual glamour produced by us for the Capitol. Dazzle, our victor, appeared to be a typical District 1 citizen. Serendipity drones on about why we have the games and talks about the war. It is a sensitive subject among many. I still remember it, being ten years old when it ended. Jayden doesn't remember a thing. He was too young. Crystalla wasn't born until after the war's conclusion. She was actually born the day Leo, from District 4, was crowned winner of his games. Now is not the time to get distracted. I need to remember where I am at. I see Serendipity put his hand into the bowl and draw a pice of paper from inside. He unfolds it and reads the name. "Ruby Castor." The crowd turns their attention to a small looking fourteen year old girl. She looks different, just like me, with black hair instead of brown. My decision has been made. I wait patiently as Ruby makes her way to the stage. There is a look of true terror in her sapphire blue eyes. "Do we have any volunteers for this young woman?" There is a moment where no one does anything, and I put my hand in the air. "I volunteer!" Ruby looks truly relived that someone called forth to be her savior. I make my way down to the stage, ignoring the looks of confusion of all who knew me. None of them knew about my knives. None of them knew about Tapaz. None of them knew what it was like at my house. The rows of green eyes just look at me, astonished. I can pick out Diamond and Glitter, the worst of all the people who tease me, and see their faces. They aren't smiling right now. They just look confused, and frightened. I watch the escort put his chubby hand into the bowl and pull out a name. I can feel my heart in my chest. This person is who I am going against. "Franco Ludwig!" I don't recognize the name. That isn't surprising, considering there are three schools across the district. There is the training academy where the most well off and the children with the most potential to be murderers go, the school in the district where the people closest to the Capitol go, which is the school I attend, and the school for the lowest of the low, the future Jewel Miners. I often forget about them because our paths seldom cross, but I know enough to know they look sort of like me. Their hair is lighter and their eyes are usually green, but they look more like me. That area of the District was probably where Ruby was from. I wait for a volunteer to come up and take the spot of the young man, but I doubt any will come. I can hear the taunts coming at him. There is something very sad about it. I feel automatic pity for him. I'm sure he is nice, but he is taunted, just like me. The boy is almost to the stage when I hear two words. "I volunteer!" I look around for the voice and see him. The boy walking forward comes from the small group of darker haired individuals in the boys section. He is a miner. I would say he was good looking, but I don't focus on that. He has shaggy light brown hair concealing his light eyes that from where I am look like they could be blue or gray. He is tall and muscular and has freckles all over his nose and cheeks. I don't know who he is at all. When he gets to the stage his name is announced as Maverick Geo. It sounds like a miner's name too. "Shake hands, you two." I give him a smile and try to let him know we are in this together. I'm not going to hurt him. I hope he doesn't hurt me. We are from the same District, that shouldn't stop us from being friends. After seeing my District partner, I am put into despair. I don't know what to think about anything. I am shoved into a room inside the Justice Building where I am completely alone. There is a knock on the door and in run Crystalla and Jayden. Behind them, walking calmly is my mother. When I see the green eyes of my siblings fill with tears,