A/N: This relationship is really addicting. I already wrote a Caleo reunion (which I've gotten some lovely reviews on btw!), but I kind of felt like there was more I had to say. This is the scene where Leo leaves the island in HoH. There are a couple parts that may seem a little similar to this scene in other fanfics, but just know that that's because I liked the interpretation. Most of it is from me though. I've spent so long analyzing this relationship so please listen to it. It's all canon. Disclaimer: Everything here belongs to Rick Riordan, particularly the dialogue which is straight out of the book. They sat on the beach, taking a break from their work. Calypso tried to remember the last time she'd felt this happy. It had to be a time long ago, before she was imprisoned on this island. Back when she was surrounded by people and was a part of the outside world. Leo fascinated her. He had been right about her having interest in him. Of course he was interesting. The kid was completely unpredictable; he could be obnoxious and sarcastic one moment, and then so serious and subdued the next. Her interest had only grown over the course of getting to know him, and she often times forgot why she had disliked him in the first place. When Leo dropped in (literally), he had found her in her 'angry stage.' She was raging at the gods for making her fall in love with Percy and then taking him away from her. It had been quite a while since she'd received a hero when Percy came, and in her solitude she had begun to forget the impact of having another human being on the island. Of course the gods had to go and remind her again. She had been furious. So she took it out on Leo. It seemed too soon to have yet another man come and leave, and she was not in the mood to be kind. As a result she insulted him quite a bit at the beginning. He was not as intolerable as she made him out to be though. And he wasn't as bad looking either. Despite what she actually thought, she had been rude to him from the beginning, and did everything she could to get him to stay away from her. She was not ready to set herself up for another heartbreak. But that was the thing. He did stay away from her. And that was intriguing in and of itself. The guy was completely unsympathetic and passive towards her. He went into survival mode, working as quickly as possible to get himself off of the island without any help. After a while Calypso started feeling a little neglected. As a goddess who was used to heroes admiring her, respecting her, acting grateful towards her—she was bothered by the lack of attention. His completely neutral and even cold attitude towards her threw her off her usual routine. She became sassier, more sarcastic, more aggravated. She would do and say anything just to get him to do something . It caused her to subconsciously start seeking out his attention. She brought him food while he worked, made excuses to talk to him, brought him new clothes— looking for a reaction. She wanted him to stop looking at her in distaste. He was so infuriating because even when she knew she was affecting him, he still wouldn't do anything about it. He was so resistant to her, blocked her out, like he didn't want to like her. That wasn't normal! It was like he saw her acts of kindness as an irritation, as an insult. He acted surprised when she did anything thoughtful. He expected nothing from her, like he was very used to being ignored. She began to understand that every time he was purposely annoying, he was actually pushing her away. He didn't want to be treated like anything more than a mechanic. His mysterious behavior and his diligence in his work also sparked an instant interest. She did 'look him up,' as he had said. The story of his constant wanderings, lost and alone, always defending himself— it hit something personal, something deep within her core. He was... isolated. It wasn't until she had given up that something changed. She finally decided that if she couldn't make him ask for the help, then she would give it to him anyway, and get him off the island as quickly as possible. It was what he wanted. He had to leave anyways—save the world like all heroes did. It wasn't like he was particularly attractive, so she figured she didn't need to worry too much about it. But when she sat down the first time to start working with her hands, the look he gave her was unforgettable. It was look of true admiration and respect. It was the most precious, and undeniably the most beautiful thing she'd ever seen. From then on she was addicted, absolutely addicted, to his eyes. They were a dark, chocolate brown, and full of passion and mischief. There was something in the way he looked at her that made it hard to breathe. Those deep eyes would bore into hers, and always seemed to say, I know, Calypso. I know you. And it was true. He saw something in her that none of the other heroes had seen. When she spoke he gave her curious looks, like he was trying to read the truth behind her words. But still, he was never, ever sympathetic. He didn't pity her. He just... saw her. He told her things about the modern world. He loved explaining the details of current technology like electricity and computers. She heard about his quest and his friends, and everything he had done since getting to camp. His stories were never glossed over though, like those of the previous heroes. He always made it sound very, very real, and wasn't afraid to admit to his mistakes. He didn't make himself sound like a hero, but a boy who was trying to figure out how to get out of unfortunate situations that he didn't want to be in. His friends he presented in a more positive light, like they were the heroes and he was the sidekick who didn't know what he was doing. Calypso was very taken by the stories though. They were captivating, because she honestly didn't know what would happen next. It made the heroic actions seem less intimidating. He made her laugh. Although his jokes weren't always funny, he still managed to easily lighten the conversation and keep her in a good mood. She began loving the days that passed, enjoying every one of them, because she didn't know how much longer she would have his company. While the other heroes that had come to her island had been overwhelmingly attractive and charismatic, Leo was more normal—more reachable . She felt so comfortable around him, like he had been on this island with her the whole time. She knew that it wasn't true of course, but it was nice to imagine what it would be like if he stayed... He couldn't stay. That's why they were building a navigation system after all. "All we need is a boat," Calypso said now, excited by the idea of building with him more. Leo looked up and nodded. "I can start chopping wood into boards tomorrow. Few days, we'll have enough for a small hull." "You've made a ship before," Calypso remembered. "Your Argo II." He had told her all about his amazing warship, that he was undoubtedly proud of. That was one of the few things he really felt confident about: machines. "So how long until you sail?" She asked, reluctantly bringing up a topic that neither of them had mentioned this whole time. Although she knew they were working so that he could leave, she had started avoiding the thought of it. "Uh, not sure," he replied. "Another week?" Calypso sighed in internal relief. She had a whole week left. The longer they worked the longer he stayed. "This took so long to make," she commented, running her fingers over the intricate circuit board. "You can't rush perfection," Leo said. "Yes, but will it work?" She asked. He had explained the details to her, but she still was unsure about it's reliability. Magic was much safer, in her opinion. "Getting out, no problem," he said. "But to get back I'll need Festus and—" Calypso's felt her heart stop. She must have misheard something. " What ?" Leo looked at her, confused. "Festus. My bronze dragon," he clarified. "Once I figure out how to rebuild him, I'll—" "You told me about Festus," she waved it off impatiently. "But what do you mean get back ?" Her heart was pounding, realizing what was happening. He was planning to come back. This whole time Calypso had been banking on the fact that he didn't care for her like that anyway, so certainly she just wasn't meant to fall in love with him, right? But if he wanted to come back ? He grinned uncomfortably. "Well... to get back here, duh," he laughed nervously, scratching the back of his neck. He glanced at her hesitantly. "I'm sure I said that." "You most definitely did not," Calypso replied curtly. She had to stop this instantly. This was not right. Leo couldn't want to stay. He wanted to leave ! When he had offered to take her with him, he didn't really mean that, right? He didn't like her, and had no interest in seeing her ever again. So why did he think he was coming back? Did he not get that he couldn't come back? "I'm not gonna leave you here!" He exclaimed, looking at her. Calypso caught her breath. Those damn eyes , she thought furiously. "After you helped me and everything?" He said. "Of course I'm coming back. Once I rebuild Festus, he'll be able to handle an improved guidance system. There's this astrolabe that I uh, that I found in Bologna," he paused. "Anyway, I think with that crystal you gave me—" Calypso shook her head. He wasn't understanding. "You can't come back," she told him, trying to get it through to him. His face fell instantly. "Because I'm not welcome?" He asked. He sounded defeated, like he had been given something and it was suddenly taken away from him. Of course you're welcome! she wanted to say. Looking at his distraught expression, she realized that Leo actually cared a lot more than she had believed. He had been subconsciously planning this whole time to come back. But that didn't mean Ogygia would let him. "Because you can't ." Calypso said sadly. Her voice cracked slightly. "It's impossible. No man finds Ogygia twice. That's the rule." It wasn't her fault. None of this was her fault. She wanted to tell him to come back whenever he wanted. She was touched by how much he cared. If she had the choice she'd ask him to stay forever. But he had to go and she knew it. He couldn't come back. Leo rolled his eyes. "Yeah, well, you might have noticed I'm not good at following rules." He gave her a signature smirk, and Calypso suddenly felt a trickle of affection seeping through her veins. As she hastily squashed the feeling, she realized at that moment that she was already doomed. One more week with him was out of the question. "I'm coming back here with my dragon, and we'll spring you," he said like it was simple. "Take you wherever you want to go. It's only fair." Fair . He wanted things to be fair . Here was a hero who didn't promise to come back because he felt bad for her; Leo just wanted things to be fair. It was unbelievable. "Fair..." Calypso whispered, turning away.