Chapter One: The World Is Larger Than You Know Disclaimer & Story Warnings : The characters and the world of the TWILIGHT UNIVERSE belong to Stephenie Meyers. The plot is mine. This story plot is rated MATURE. If you are not 18 years or older, this story is not for you. You have been warned! January 2006 Charlie Swan sighed as he pulled his cruiser up the long driveway outside of his hometown of Forks, Washington. He'd lived in this small town his whole life and he loved it. On normal days, he could not even think of a different way of life. Good job, house that was paid for and well kept, fishing every weekend and sole control over the remote. This was it for him. But on days like today, he second guessed himself and wondered if he had the guts to just pack up and never return, leaving all the responsibilities of being Chief of Police in a place like Forks behind him. Though the thought might be nice, the truth of the world reminded him that life could be much worse outside of his neck of the woods. Dangerous even. You wouldn't think that a small town like Forks could hide anything more dangerous than a few local drunks, bored teenagers and tons of wet weather of all varieties that could wreak havoc on the roads. He had learned otherwise the same year he became police chief. He still remembered vividly when his best friends Billy and Harry from the Quileute reservation picked him up from his home after his second week, with promises of beer and fishing all weekend. He had been amused but confused when they showed up that Friday evening, since they had spent the previous weekend doing the same, but he wouldn't turn down fishing and a few beers with his best friends for anything, so he went along, not expecting their detour. * August 1995* "Are you lost or are you taking us to one of those secret fishing holes you refuse to share?" Charlie asked as they turned off the highway onto a winding road. He knew that through this part of the woods the Calawah River could be accessed, but to his knowledge this road led to private property and he didn't know much about the fishing average in this stretch of the river anyway. Billy chimed up from the back seat of the rusted green '78 Ford Scout. "We...need to introduce you to some people we know. They plan to move back to the area in the future and there are some issues that need to be discussed with them." Charlie had turned around in his seat to look at his old friend, suddenly on alert from the tone of Billy's voice. He said, "What is this, Billy? What aren't you telling me?" Billy looked his friend in the eyes and said, "My friend, there has been much I haven't shared with you over the years, but today we will tell you everything." Charlie continued to look at him for a few moments, and seeing the seriousness in his friend's eyes he began to worry, his mind cooking up all kinds of theories that would cause trouble for him, his friends, the reservation, his town. But nothing could have prepared him for what he was to learn. Moments later they reached a clearing in which stood a large old house that looked as if it had belonged on a plantation in the old south. Harry pulled the Scout to a stop in the driveway and they all got out of the truck, Charlie hanging back behind Billy as they approached the large house. "Who lives here? I wasn't aware of any family wealthy enough in this area to own or build a house like this," he said, looking around to see if anything suspicious might catch his eye. Harry waved them up the steps, ignoring his question as they approached the door and knocked. Before his hand could leave the surface of the door, it was opened by a pale young woman with short black hair and a smile on her face. Charlie stared in awe at the woman; her golden eyes were so vibrant and strange he thought she must have been wearing some of those expensive colored contacts that some young people wore these days. "Welcome, Harry, Billy, Charlie. Come on in!" she said, seeming happy to see them. "The rest of the family is in the dining room, if you would like to join us please," she added as she shut the door behind them and gestured for them to follow her through the extremely large and open living area. Charlie, bringing up the rear, stopped in his tracks when they entered the dining room and saw six more equally pale people staring at him, some with genuine smiles, some with curiosity. All with the same colored eyes. Thoughts of cults and criminal activity started darting through his head, making him even more cautious about what was going on. The young man with the bronze hair gave him a small smirk and looked from Charlie to his hands, giving Charlie the strange feeling that he might have spoken his thoughts out loud though he knew he hadn't. The oldest looking male with blond hair and a large smile stood up from the head of the table and gestured for them to take seats around the table, which was bare except for a large black binder lying in the center. Charlie slowly took a seat at the other end of the table, Harry and Billy flanking him. "Welcome, Harry, Billy, and Charlie. It's a pleasure to meet you finally," the man said, his gaze lingering on Charlie's guarded face. "My name is Carlisle Cullen and this is my family," he continued, starting the introductions. "This is Emmett, Rosalie, Jasper, Alice, Edward and Esme." He pointed to each, not missing the way Charlie looked at each of them as if he was remembering their names and features for a future police report. Charlie finally nodded his head before giving his two serious-looking friends questioning looks, though several people noticed how his gaze had briefly lingered on Esme's. "Forgive your friends for not enlightening you about this meeting beforehand," Carlisle continued. "I am afraid I insisted that they wait for you to arrive before they spoke of what we have to discuss today. Before we get started, would you like some form of refreshment? We have coffee, tea, colas, juice...we were unsure what your preferences might be," he said with a smile, taking a seat now that the visitors were seated and folding his hands in front of himself. They each muttered their declines. Charlie kept looking around the table, his nerves starting to get the best of him. "Why don't we cut to the chase and you all tell me what the hell is going on?" Carlisle barely held back a smirk, instead showing a small smile while holding up his hand in a "we are harmless" manner. "Of course, Charlie, forgive me for stalling. Billy," he said, turning to the man to the right of Charlie. "Why don't you start with your part of the story and then I will jump in at the appropriate interval," Carlisle said, nodding toward him. Billy motioned for the large binder to be passed to him and he held onto it for the first ten minutes as he started telling Charlie about his people, starting with Taha Aki and the Cold Ones. When he got to the part about Ephraim Black and the treaty, he opened the binder and pushed it in front of Charlie, whose eyes grew large as he looked. He realized that in the picture, beside a man who looked very much like Billy, was a man who looked exactly like Carlisle, as well as mirror images of Carlisle's family except Alice and Jasper. Charlie stared at the picture for a few moments before raising his head and looking at the Cullens, then at his friends. His face betrayed his shock, confusion and growing fear of what might be going on when he asked, "Who—how—what are you?" Carlisle motioned to the binder filled with photographs and articles as he explained how he had met the Quileutes and what they were. He explained some of his history and that of the rest of the family for the next thirty minutes or so. Charlie, for his part, was extremely quiet and listened to every word, though it was obvious he still couldn't wrap his mind around what they were telling him. Wolves [aren't they werewolves?] . Vampires. Normal vampires versus "vegetarians". As soon as Carlisle was done with the basics they all sat in silence while Charlie looked at the binder full of pictures, articles, evidence of the truth in their words they had specifically put together to show him. After maybe fifteen minutes Charlie raised his eyes, cleared his throat and shakily asked, "Not that I believe a word of this...stuff...but why would you tell me if this was something you wanted to keep a secret?" He looked briefly at his best friends, his feelings of confusion, disbelief and a bit of betrayal in his eyes. Carlisle looked at his family, and after receiving a nod from each one he replied, "We are extraordinary, or should I say several of my family members are extraordinary, even among our kind. Jasper is empathic; he has the ability to sense and manipulate the emotions of those around him. Edward is a telepath and can hear every thought we have when he is within range of us. And Alice is psychic, she sees the future in a very unique way; she sees what happens after decisions are made. So if someone she focuses on changes their mind, the future changes." Charlie looked at the three of them in turn, growing even more skeptical and guarded by the minute as he tried to digest everything they were throwing at him. "Why are you telling me this?" he asked again around a nervous lump in his throat. Carlisle leaned forward and looked at Charlie. "We own this house and land, but we don't live here. For now. But living here is what we will do in the future, probably ten years or so from now. We came to visit and renew our treaty with Billy and Harry's tribe because Alice has seen several visions that are still unclear, but clear enough that we need you to know about us. We are just a small...coven," he said carefully. "There are multitudes of vampires in this world and the majority of them are not like us, they don't feed on animals. Among those is a very powerful Coven in Italy—the closest thing we have to rulers, or royalty, in our world. They are self appointed enforcers of the one law we follow: keeping our existence a secret. But my family and I, we don't look at humans the same way as they do, like cattle," he said, his tone a mixture of sadness, disappointment, and revulsion. "When my family made the original pact with the Quileute Nation, it was a simple treaty that protected the reservation and our family's existence, allowing us to live for quite some time in this ideal climate. Even having done that, we could invoke the wrath of the Volturi. If they were to discover the existence of the wolves, whose sole reason for being is to kill vampires, not only would they eradicate the entire Quileute Nation but they would kill every member of my family as well." He paused as he watched the stiff postures in the room stiffen even more at the idea of the dangers in Alice's visions of all their futures. "Alice has seen that no matter what we as a family decide, even if we choose to never come to this area of the world