First Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. I only own Hayden because she is mine forever and ever. Author's Note: HELLO. x) I can't even begin on where to explain myself for this new story. It literally just came out of nowhere. I SHOULD be doing other things cough cough my other two stories cough cough. But alas. I have no shame. xD (Have no fear, though, I have been working on those two frequently. I've just spent a lot of time deleting them because they weren't satisfying.) This story will be a huge mix between the movies and the books. Just a fair warning. Oh well. Please read on, beautiful people! No Promises. Chapter O.N.E _ "The Beginning"_ "Those who don't believe in Magic will never find it." - Roald Dahl The Platform was less crowded this year. I had spent all morning bracing myself to fight through the onslaught of students and parents and siblings with my parents just to get to the train, but after halting on the other side of the barrier, I realized how entirely unnecessary it was. The crowd that stood before me was nothing compared to the first four years of my train ride to school. Of course, there were still plenty of people taking up space to make it seem like the Platform was busy, but I knew better. A good portion of parents had pulled their children from Hogwarts this year. Mainly because the stupid prats read the Daily Prophet and believed all the horseshit it was spouting all summer. Idiots, all of them. "It's so tense here," said my Mom, Katarina, quietly, surveying the area with arms criss-crossing her chest tightly. My Dad, Ezra, rubbed a hand over her bicep soothingly, mimicking Mom's concerned gaze. She readily accepted the touch, leaning a tad closer to him. "It feels like I could break the tension with a butter knife." There was no hiding the worried gazes on the parents around us. Their children were kept close and wands were kept even closer. It's like they expected an attack any second now. "You could be talking a pitch too loudly and everyone here will be mean bugging you until they leave," I agreed lowly, giving my trolley a small shove to get it going. "Nobody trusts anyone right now. Hardly even their friends and least of all strangers." My parents kept close to my back as I weaved through the clusters of people that littered the Platform. A few groups noticed me coming and graciously moved out of the way, only sparing me a wary glance before turning back to a previous conversation. "That's a little much, don't you think, dear?" Asked my Dad with an arched brow. He dodged a shoulder that was supposed to hit him rather harshly. The attacker didn't falter in his steps, maintaining a steady gait out of the Platform. I glared at him, cursing my inability to use magic outside of school. Mom's lips pulled into a frown. "I'm being honest, Dad. People are scared nowadays." Scared was an understatement. Much of the magical community was vehemently denying the signs that were being thrown in their faces like bright neon lights and were turning their noses up at the people who said otherwise. Of course, the only credible source anyone had was a then fourteen-year-old boy and that wasn't entirely convincing to anyone. Even Dumbledore, who was rumored and talked about for his wisdom and judgement, wasn't making any progress in this area and he was a well-known, very respected wizard among the community and the Ministry. Dad creeped closer to my ear and leaned down, at least having the common sense to lower his voice with his next words, to which I was eternally grateful for. "It's not just about that Dark Wizard you told us about, is it?" Being a Muggle, Dad had no idea about the line he had just crossed with that comment. It was an invisible line, but it was treated as if it was a real line that actually stood at the tips of our toes. It was such a sensitive topic right now that it was almost taboo to even hint at it. The idea of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named returning after fourteen years of relative peace was something no witch or wizard wants to accept. It couldn't be possible in their minds. Ludacris. Preposterous. Impossible. Unreal. "He's the biggest cause," I mumbled back, scowling at a pair of girls who were giving my parents distasteful looks. They quickly looked away and hurried onto the train with a suitcase and a cage in hand. Pureblood prejudice was almost ridiculous anymore. "The Ministry is being tight-lipped about it. Fudge has been discrediting the Headmaster ever since the Tournament ended and has been blaming every misfortune that's happened so far on Sirius Black." Which I honestly thought was completely stupid since what evidence was given to the public was nothing close to what Black would do. It was too barbaric, too gruesome. He may have murdered thirteen Muggles, plus Pettigrew, but those were hardly considered violent compared to what was happening around the world. Mom let out an unlady-like snort. I halted us before an aide, handing him some bags to be passed inside while Dad grabbed my one suitcase and Mom grabbed my True Owl, Finny. He gave a hoot in greeting to her and ruffled his white-speckled brown feathers primly. "I will never understand your leader. He is taking ignorance to a whole other level." Mom's voice louder than what she had intended, but I still rounded on her sharply. "Mom!" I hissed. A few adults —a Pureblood bunch from their rich-looking cloaks — were looking our way, a man reaching casually into his sleeve where I had no doubt he kept his wand. The look in his eyes practically screamed the urge to fire a few hexes our way. " Please have some sort of filter when we're surrounded by wizards. Talk like that will get in trouble." And since my Mom was such a proud person, her sharp reply back didn't surprise me. "Ignorance is not the way to run a vast magical community. Non-witch I may be, but politics is still politics no matter what the race is." She turned her nose up stubbornly in a way that I knew I mirrored, green eyes narrowed down at me. I managed a short laugh to appease her. "The Daily Prophet would get a kick out of your thoughts, Mom." Especially that God awful Skeeter woman. She opened her mouth, but I quickly cut her off. "I'm not disagreeing with you. In fact, I agree with you, but I hold little sway here considering I'm a Muggleborn witch." My lips twitched into a sardonic smile. Dad thankfully came to the rescue and placed a kiss on Mom's cheek. "We didn't come here to talk politics, Kat," He reminded her kindly, smiling at her with gentle hazel eyes. "Our oldest isn't coming back home until Christmas. Do you really want her last words from us to be about politics?" Mom's cheeks flushed bright pink as she sniffed dismissively, trying to retain some of her dignity with the action. Dad chuckled, planting a loud kiss on her cheek one more time before giving me a semi-stern look. I had to bite the inside of my cheek to keep from giggling. "Do try and stay out of trouble this year, Hayden," Said Dad, giving me his sternest glare. It failed because my lips easily split into a wicked grin. Both of my parents gave me unimpressed looks. "Your father is right, Hayden," Mom pressed. "We get more letters from your Head of House than we do our monthly bills!" My grin refused to fade. "Professor McGonagall gave up on controlling me back in second year when I spent the entire winter break turning Malfoy's knees backwards for calling Granger the M-word." I shrugged carelessly. "You wouldn't be getting as many letters if Snape didn't seem to have a sixth sense for when I cause trouble and insist that McGonagall take appropriate action. The stingy bastard always manages to catch me and relishes giving me detention." "Language," Snapped Mom, cuffing the back of my head quickly. I whined a little bit, rubbing the spot that throbbed. "It's true, though! Professor Snape is always the first one there after a prank well done! He always looks so smug that he catches me, too." I mumbled that last part petulantly. The aide took my last bag and I thanked him as he left us alone. Dad rubbed his nose with a hand, pinching the area. "Try to be discreet about it, then," He insisted. "Give this Malfoy boy a break and—" "I can assure you," a silky, cold voice interrupted, "that my son doesn't need your interference about what happens at his school." I almost didn't turn around. I about grabbed both my parents and hurried them off to avoid talking to the man who was without a doubt towering over me. They had never had to hear the words I did at school. I didn't want them to hear it now either, but Dad's eyes were already looking behind me and Mom looked just the tiniest bit appalled. Swallowing, I forced myself to face the music. Now, I wasn't some harlot who pursued older men —I had standards, damn it — but not even the logical side could beat aside the hormones that never failed to make an appearance at inappropriate times. The female in me was very pleased at what she saw. She ogled the black suit that was tailored to fit Lucius Malfoy in all the right places, snug around his biceps and broad shoulders and comfortably loose around his wrists, waist, and lower body. The man was attractive with his long blonde hair, aristocratic face, and stormy grey eyes. What always derailed those thoughts, however, was the sneer that was perpetually on his lips and the contempt that was clearly showing in those grey eyes. The situation got even more fantastic when Narcissa and Draco Malfoy sauntered up and flanked the man's sides. Narcissa, whose face was very beautiful and whose elegance made me endlessly envious, was perfectly poised by her husband, expression cool as she regarded us. Malfoy's sneer mirrored his father's almost perfectly, blonde hair falling naturally instead of gelled back and posture reeking of superiority. "Walters," He greeted mockingly. "I'm surprised you decided to show your face this year." My eyes narrowed. "Malfoy." My own lips copied his sneer. It was very easy to do. "Did you have a good summer fearing every Ferret you came across? I'm sure everyone got a real laugh watching the infamous young Malfoy running in terror from a small furry animal." He didn't appreciate the reminder, eyebrow twitching. I would never let the cocky prat forget that embarrassing moment in his life. It would haunt him till the day he died and I'd be sure to bring it back up at his funeral. "Were you still washing out all the colors of the rainbow from your hair this summer? You did an awful job. I'm pretty sure there's still some pink and yellow still there." My hand twitched, itching to reach up and confirm it. Those two colors clashed horrendously with my natural hair, but I knew it wasn't there, though. Mom had made very sure of that. "Well, considering how you ran from Professor Moody every time you saw him during meals or in the halls, I'm surprised you're actually returning to school and gracing us with your wonderful presence after that embarrassment." "I wouldn't willingly grace you with my presence even if you begged me for it, Walters," He retorted. He brushed back some blonde hair that fell into his eyes. Ugh. If he wasn't such a jackass, I'd almost say that the guy was attractive. He certainly wasn't hideous to look