"So, you're not in a gang?" A young girl asks, her dark brown eyes peering up at a taller girl. The taller girl looks to be in her late teens. A Twizzler is hanging out of her mouth and a skateboard is tucked underneath her arm. A beanie is atop her head, her long and wavy sandy blonde hair is loose and fluttering in the gentle breeze. She has on a baggy white sweatshirt and red basketball shorts, along with high-top vans. The older girl sighs and places her free hand on her hip, her gray eyes gazing down at the innocent Quileute girl. "For the hundredth time, I'm not in a gang." She answers, her voice slightly muffled by the piece of candy in her mouth. The Quileute girl clasps her hands behind her back, cocking her head to the side. "Why do you dress like that then? Aren't girls supposed to dress like girls?" She inquires. It was an innocent question. "This is more comfy. Jeans annoy me. Besides, I don't dress to impress." The older girl replies, swallowing the rest of her strawberry Twizzler. "You're strange." The young girl declares blandly. The older girl blinks down at her. "I like you, wanna be my friend?" The Quileute latches herself onto the older girl's arm. "You really wanna be friends with a strange girl like me?" "Mhm!" The young girl grins up at her. "I'm Claire!" The older girl looks closely at the beaming girl who has an iron grip on her arm. She is cute. She has chubby cheeks and is wearing a blue dress with white stripes going across it. The older girl unexpectedly feels her lips twitching upwards. Claire's smile is quite contagious. "Ava." The older girl introduces herself. They both break eye contact from each other and look ahead across the street. Traffic is starting to slow down. They both are standing on the sidewalk in downtown Forks Washington. Cute little shops are aligned on both sides of the street, open signs are displayed on the windows to persuade people to come in. Suddenly, a cold, lone, raindrop splats onto Ava's nose. Her nose scrunches up at the abrupt wetness and looks up at the gray sky. "So what are you doing out here?" Claire asks, causing Ava's eyes to move back down to her. "Just wanted some alone time. You?" "Dance lessons ended early so here I am!" Claire answers cheerfully. Ava raises an eyebrow at her. "If dance lessons ended early, shouldn't you have call your parents and let them know? It's not very smart to wander off all alone, especially as young as you are. You should of waited there." "Yeah, Quil says that all the time." Claire's cheeks puff out in annoyance. "But I'm not alone! I'm with you!" "Yeah but what if I wasn't here? Someone could easily snatch you up." Ava lectures as more raindrops begin to fall. "You're by yourself too though." Claire pouts. "Well I'm old enough to take care of myself. I don't need anyone." Ava looks off to the side. Her grip tightens around her skateboard as the air grows colder when more water droplets descend. Claire notices how Ava's eyes suddenly seem distant. "Everybody needs somebody." Claire pulls on Ava's arm, trying to get her attention back. "Yeah, well, I'm an exception for that." It is now pouring down rain. Ava lets out a discontented sigh. She takes a step forward then stops, looking down at Claire. She can't leave the girl out here all by herself, that would be cruel and heartless. The last thing wants was for something bad to happen to her. Ava wiggles her arm free of Claire's grasp. Claire looks at her in confusion when she holds her hand out to her. She just stares at her hand and Ava, getting impatient and wet, shook her hand in front of Claire's face in exasperation. "What are you doing?" Claire asks. "Well I assume you don't want to stand out here in this weather, so come on." Ava answers. "We're going to hang out elsewhere." "Where are we going to hang out at?!" Claire cheers and places her small hand in Ava's. "Colt's Café & Bakery, I'm hungry." Ava looks both ways before crossing the street with Claire in tow. "But Colt's wants lots of money!" Ava guesses that is her way of saying the place is expensive. "That's because it's top quality and the best." Ava locates the bakery further down the street. It stands out the most to her with the flowers adorning the exterior. "I guess you've never been here?" "Nope." "You'll like it." Ava states when they approach the bakery. Ava opens the door and lets Claire walk in first. The interior has a relaxed, rustic theme. It is a slow business day, so there is only a few people. Homemade Mason jar lights hang from the ceiling and round tables are scattered across the stone flooring. Claire looks at the bakery shelves with wide eyes, her mouth watering at the smell and sight of all the baked foods. "Welcome to Colt's- oh-! Ava!" A woman behind the counter speaks. She has blue eyes and medium brown hair tied back into a tight bun. Ava throws up a peace sign and approaches the woman. "I didn't know you were coming out today." "Me either." Ava looks down at Claire who is now latched onto her arm again. "You're very clingy…" "Who's this?" The woman asks, looking over the counter at Claire. Claire looks back and forth between the two. "This is Claire, I just met her. She's never been here before, can you whip her up something nice?" Ava leans forward on the counter. "Sure thing." The woman smiles at Claire then looks back at Ava. "Want your usual?" "Yeah, thank you." The woman nods her head and disappears through the door behind her. Ava leads Claire over to a table by the window. She places her skateboard on the floor and helps Claire onto the tall chair before taking a seat across from her. Claire keeps staring at Ava intensely. "What's on your mind?" Ava asks. "You and that girl looked alike." "Aren't you observant." Ava props her elbow up on the table, resting her chin in the palm of her hand. "She's my mom." "Your mom works here?" Duh, Ava speaks inwardly. "She owns the place actually." Ava looks at the raindrops flowing down the window. "Wow…" Claire says in wonder. Ava sticks her hand in her pocket, pulling out her phone. She turns it on, swiping her thumb across the screen then placing it in front of Claire. "Here, call your people." Ava instructs. Claire looks at the phone nervously, her tiny body shifting around in her seat. "What?" "I'm gonna get in trouble…" Claire pathetically mumbles. "Well, that's on you." Ava replies bluntly and Claire sticks her tongue out. "Think before you act next time." "Can you call them for me?" Claire gives her puppy dog eyes. "It's scary enough you calling from someone elses phone, think of how much more creepy it would be for me to call them. 'Hey, I found you daughter or sister or whatever wandering the streets all alone.'" Ava speaks in a fake and deep voice. Claire doesn't stop with the puppy face and Ava embarrassingly caves in. "Fine." Claire cheers and types a number in Ava's phone, pushing it across the table back over to her. Ava presses the dial button and holds the phone up to her ear, her eye twitching in annoyance at Claire's victory laughs. "Wait, who's number did you put—?" "Hello?" A deep voice sounds from her phone, cutting her off. "Hi, uh, who is this?" Ava mentally slaps herself. She hears laughter in the background. Her eyes travel over to Claire who is struggling to keep quiet. Ava narrows her eyes. "You called me, who are you?" The deep voice replies. Ava guesses her sound is turned up too high and Claire could hear every word being said from the guy because she starts laughing super loud. "Is that—?" Ava cuts the guy off. "Look, do you know Claire?" "Claire? Where is she?! What have you done?!" He begins ranting, panicking. Ava holds the phone away from her ear at the loud voice and takes a breath to compose herself. People just love jumping to conclusions, but can she really blame him in this situation? "Chill, Claire is fine. I found her wandering alone," Or maybe it's more like Claire found her. "And she needs someone to get her. Can you do that?" "Yes, where are you at?" He speaks much calmer. Talk about mood swings. "Colt's Café & Bakery." Ava sighs. "I'll be there soon." And with that, he hangs up. Ava stuffs her phone back in her pocket and leans forward, glaring at Claire. "He thought I was a kidnapper." Claire laughs harder. Ava's mom walks over to their table with a tray of food and drinks. She sets their food in front of them nicely along with silverware and napkins. "There you go, I hope you enjoy." She smiles and Claire grins back. Ava gives her mom a warm smile. "Thank you." Ava thanks. Her mom gives her a quick kiss on the cheek and goes back behind the counter to attend to other customers. Ava picks up her spoon and begins to stir her Broccoli soup. "Someone will be here soon to get you." Claire nods, thinking of all the scolding she is going to get. She sighs and takes a bite out of her muffin. She hums in content, staring to the muffin lovingly. "What kind of muffin is this? It's yummy!" Ava looks up from her soup. "Cornmeal blueberry." Ava answered, sipping her soup. "What's the icing on top? And the crunchy stuff?" Ava swallows. "Streusel and Lemon glaze. Adds a nice kick to it, huh?" She sips some more soup. Claire chirps in agreement, and then the two eat their meals in comfortable silence. Claire finishes her muffins and soup before Ava. She uses her early finish to observe her new friend. Ava doesn't seem like an outgoing person. She seems more uptight and conservative. Deep down inside she knows Ava was a caring person, considering all the things she's done for her already. But, something also seems to be holding her back from getting too attached, and she is right. She is different alright. Ava looks up and catches Claire staring. Claire quickly looks away with a flustered face. The older girl rolls her eyes and finishes up her meal. Claire looks around the Café some more instead of risking getting caught staring again. Her eyes light up when they land on an antique Grand Piano in the corner. She hops off her chair and runs over to it. Ava's eyes follow her. That girl is just the master at running off. Ava shakes her head and hops off her chair, grabbing her skateboard and walking over to the Quileute girl who is now sitting on the Piano seat. Unknowingly to them, Ava's mom is smiling at the two. It is her first time seeing Ava really interact with other people, and her interacting with that young girl is a cute sight that brought her joy and hope. She really was starting to lose hope that Ava would never open up to anyone again, but this restores her doubts. Ava drops her skateboard on the floor, placing one foot on top of it while crossing her arms. She watches and listens to the random keys Claire pushes down on. Ava hums to herself when she starts to recognize the tune of Twinkle Twinkle Little Star. She has some experience. "Do you play Piano?" Ava asks. Claire looks up and her happily, glad that Ava joined her. "I just look up how to on Quil's phone. Aunt Emily says she can't afford