Redirection by the Heart Summary: When eleven year old Harry decides to stand up for the Slytherins Consequences he never thought of are reaped. Unfortunately things don't always go well as he hopes. Warning: There will be some cussing in this story if anything is added later that is for that moment onward. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter in any way, shape, form or fashion. Chapter 01: Slytherins aren't all Bad /.-.-.-.\ Harry's Point of View /.-.-.-.\ Everyone is eating the evening meal chattering about their classes but me. Everyone knows me as the Boy Who Lived or Saint Potter which both are stupid in my opinion. Playing with my food at the Gryffindor table I briefly wonder if there is any way to possibly change to being a Slytherin. I'll have to look up the Hogwarts's Charter… Or the goblins can help me again. The goblins, despite being somewhat rude, are genius. They have even helped me by mailing all sorts of things having to do with emancipation and boy am I ever going to apply. Just as I ended the thought on how helpful and delightful the goblins are the doors of the great hall burst open and Professor Quirrel runs in yelling loud and shrill. "Troll! Troll in the dungeon!" Professor Quirrel then stopped running in the middle of the room and said calmly, "Thought you ought to know." The man faints and falls face first onto the floor. There is maybe three seconds of complete silence as dawning registers in all of the people in the room. Everyone but me begins screaming and I raise my wand sending a flurry of sparks into the air startling everyone into being quiet. "Calm down, we need to be rational about how to deal with it least somebody get grievously wounded." Dumbledore stands from his seat taking the attention from me and everyone shifts nervously. "Thank you, Mister Potter. Prefects will lead their house to their common-" I slap my hand on the table and rise, anger in my eyes. "Are you barmy?! The Slytherin Common rooms are in the Dungeon! I suggest we fortify this room and have three staff remain here while someone floos the Aurors to bring in backup. The rest of the teachers may hunt the troll if they wish but you are supposed to think of the student's safety first!" Everyone looks pale as they realize the same thing. Fortunately, McGonagall instantly begins giving orders aligning with mine and I sit down evident relief on my face even with the nasty glares the rest of Gryffindor is giving me. I pause as another idea hits me. "Professor McGonagall?" She looks at me as silence reigns again. "Do you think that the Centaurs will be willing to help out? They are used to hunting and I can pay them to help out from my main family vault." Murmurs of agreement ring from the staff and she conjures a patronus before telling it of the possible funding like it is a centaur and sending it off. The Slytherin folk are all giving me thankful and grateful looks of appreciation. Whistling shrilly, I wait a few moments before my snowy owl, Hedwig, soars into the room. She lands on my shoulder and nips at my ear as she feels my inner turmoil. "I'm fine. I need for you to deliver something for me. Okay?" Hedwig hoots in agreement as she puffs up in pride of being able to help. Pulling out a muggle calligraphy pen I begin writing to the goblins asking for aid to the school. Hermione hands me an envelope as usual. Sealing the letter with a simple spell that conjures some quickly drying wax I give it to Hedwig before sending her away. Thankfully nobody notices but McGonagall. I stride over to Quirrel and sit him against a bench while gently tapping his cheek. "Professor? We are going to be okay. Wake up, you are safe." Slowly he blinks his eyes open as if groggy and his eyes focus on me. He stammers as he looks around the room. Then, at this moment, twenty centaur storm into the room with weapons at the ready. They all pinpoint me and the first trots over to me slowly as the children take notice of them. "What do you have to pay us with. We take not money as we do not use it. We trade." He says inquiringly. I smile at him with an idea in mind. "As you do not use money I am willing to take a list of supplies, buy the supplies, and bring them to you regardless of costs." The centaurs nod to me as they begin making their way out of the room and towards the numerous halls. They trot off at a sedate pace on the lookout. Seconds later a horde of goblins appears, ready for combat yelling about trolls in dungeons. I giggle at them and they make their way over to me. "You say you have the gift of a troll yet we must hunt it. Where is it?" They ask as politely as an overexcited goblin can. I turn toward Professor Quirrel and he stutters an answer out. "It might be in the dungeons. That is where I last seen it but I got lost on the way up here." The goblin roar as they begin rushing out of the room. I turn toward McGonagall still giggling and ask, "Excitable little people, aren't they?" A fit of roaring laughter come from Flitwick and he tips over falling onto his rear from the uproarious laughter. "Potter, I applaud you, you are genius! You found the way to a goblin's metaphorically missing heart!" He continues laughing and a few nearby students get the joke and snicker. Even a few Slytherins join in on the joke. /.-.-.-.\ Third Point of View… (I think) /.-.-.-.\ Harry sighs, thankfully the goblins have agreed to buy the things that the Centaur wish for from Harry's accounts and the Centaur have agreed to let the Goblins have the dead body. Many of the news reporters are here asking him questions while he is trying to get to class. Apparently, the Goblins reported the presence of the troll to the Aurors and they are now investigating the school with Dumbledore under strict supervision. One such auror is trying to push the crowd away and failing. Harry blinks as an idea forms in his head. Raising his wand, he sends out a loud bang startling everyone. "Do you wish for me to fail school or get expelled?" They all shake their heads quietly. "Then please let me get to class. I swear upon my magic that the events from my point of view shall be shared with the parents and former attendees along with anyone else who wishes to know. I have chosen a reporter to get the story and I will only allow him to do such. If you wish for more information so some research about the wards and how a troll must have been brought into the school by a wizard to gain access to the student body." They freeze at the implication before stampeding towards the library or some other place. Shacklebolt laughs as he claps his shoulder softly. "You truly are genius. I never expected for anyone to figure out how to get them off your tail other than arresting those who tries to get info and putting them into prison for thirty days which, by then, would mean that they miss the story." Harry nods to him as he hurries to Potions Class. Reaching the door in time to see Snape closing the doors he slumps. "Snape. Harry and I have been delayed by reporters. Sorry, but I'll be joining the class today to ensure safety measures are met for Mister Potter. The Goblins have reported that they suspect that someone has been trying to get numerous things to kill him." The man scowls before opening it a little wider to permit the two of them into the room. Snape stomps over to the board and throws a spell at it. A potion recipe appears on the board. "Get to work." He begins glaring at everyone as Shacklebolt frowns at him. "Snape, if I may ask when was the potions preparation sessions finished? According to my knowledge they should still be continued at this point of time." Ron scoffs at the man and Harry whacks him subtly earning a yelp. Shacklebolt turns toward Ronald and raises an eyebrow. "Do you have something to say, Mister Weasley?" Harry thumps his head into his hand knowing that another investigation will start. "Well we never even started the potions preparation. He just throws an incorrect potion recipe onto the board and expects us to complete it properly." Hermione says from her seat in front of Ronald. Shacklebolt's eyes narrow as he looks at the younger man in front of him, standing stiff as a board. "I guess that I can teach that to you then. Alright, Professor Snape, I must say this for the official records. We are now obligated to start an investigation into your teaching methods. Sorry." Shacklebolt says sincerely. Snape stomps up the stairs and into his office before slamming the door loudly enough to jolt several students who have begun gathering the ingredients for the potion. "To your seats, everyone. Today I will be teaching you about Potions Preparation..." /.-.-.-.\ Harry sighs forlornly at the huge, heinously tall, stack of letters he has been receiving from grateful parents and grandparents for his actions from just today. Apparently, many of them are even offering betrothal contracts and have offered certain girls as his brides. He shudders. What they don't know won't technically hurt them. Signing the last stack's last letter, he stretches, a tiny abandon classroom is the place he has been signing and replying to letters all Saturday long. Hearing Hedwig arrive yet again he turns around and becomes distraught. Another big letter and a Trunk. "Bloody hell! How many people are going to write to me over something so tedious?" Taking the letter, he pauses, it is from the current Minister of Magic. Opening it cautiously he sees nothing attached that is dangerous. Reading the missive, he is prepared for anything. Dear Lord Potter, I am aware that you have been vying for emancipation for several weeks. Those of us who could attend the Wizengamot Session today have decided to grant you wish. As you showed brilliance of mind, maturity and a sound thought process in the protecting of the student body of Hogwarts we declare you as an emancipated adult. Please accept our grateful gifts for protecting the students and the future of the wizarding world. Sincerely, Cornelius Oswald Fudge Harry's eyes light up in delight at the news. He reaches out and caresses Hedwig's beak lovingly. "You truly are a delight, Hedwig." She hoots happily at the praise and Harry grabs a nearby parchment and his favorite quill that he enchanted. He quickly writes a secret missive to his Goblin Accountant, Irgorth. Sending the letter to Irgorth with the request that the letter and the 'evidence' be sent to Fudge he grins sadistically. Reaching toward the trunk he pauses as he sees Draco's nearly white tuft of hair peeking out from the door hinge. "Malfoy, is there something that you need?" He asks politely with his normal facade on. The boy in question steps out from around the door looking at him in curiosity. "Why did you insist that the entire school stay in the Great Hall?" He asks him with a straight face. Harry stares at him as if weighing his options. "Simply because I do not want anybody to be abused even by their own teachers or headmaster. By forgetting that you lived in the dungeons Dumbledore both abused and neglected you and your dorm-mates." Turning around and standing Harry marches over