The Spellbinding Sorcerer I do not own Harry Potter. Chapter 01: Gringotts and Business A confused Petunia Dursley looked around the front yard of her home, Number 4 Privet Drive. She had heard a knocking sound come from the door. This was after her husband had woke her up with his incessant snoring coupled with the fact that she was already a light sleeper thanks to her one year old son, Dudley. She had been expecting, for some reason, to find a small bundle on her doorstep, something cheesy like an orphan left in her care. But it was not so, it must have just been the wind or something as normal as that. She returned to her bed, beside her loving husband, and did not know that she had just missed her nephew being dropped into her care but a scant few moments. She was not aware that the fate and destiny of the world had just been irrevocably altered by her not finding her late sister's one and only son on her doorstep. It would also be years before she finally learned of her sister's passing. What did happen to her nephew was no longer her concern, nor was it ever her concern to begin with. Her very own sister had seen to that, unless of course, the Last Will and Testament of one Lily Potter nee Evans had not been followed to the letter, unless the wishes of the dead were not fulfilled. What a horrible thought, after all, one of the witnesses of the thing was one of the most prominent wizards in magical society, respected by quite a lot in all magical walks of life. No. There was no way that one Albus Dumbledore would dare go against the last wishes of the dead. Why in the world would such a man, devoted to the Greater Good, dare to do such a thing? It wasn't like he had anything at all to gain from such an action anyway. So what must have happened to little Harry Potter, how is it that instead of being found by his loving aunt he was just not there? Where had he gone, who or what had taken him away from a place that had protections over it placed there by the great and powerful Albus Dumbledore. That was a question that one would have to ask if one knew of such strange circumstances. A baby dropped off on a doorstep on a cold November night, with nothing but a blanket to protect him from the cold and a basket to prevent him from wandering, suddenly vanishing without anyone being the wiser. Where did he go, what happened to him? How strange it was that in the months and years to come, those that had left him there had not come to check up on him and his well being. They simply sat in their offices assuming that all was right in the world. Where in the world did Harry Potter go? Well, nowhere in the world of his birth. Other forces were at work that night, other forces that didn't like the monotony of it all, forces that were a bit more mischievous than they let on. There were five of them in total, each one in charge of a great scope or fifth of Imagination, which was what they called Everything and Nothing. One was in-charge of the realities or existences that dealt with anything that was normally linked to the Western World, another was in-charge of anything to do with the Eastern World (mostly existences or realities that had to do with anime most of the time apparently), and yet another was in-charge of everything in between. There were of course two others, one that presided over all the new Ideas that entered or became a part of Imagination in general, while the last one was in-charge of those that dealt with everything that exited imagination such as forgotten dreams or scrapped ideas. It was these five that snatched little Harry Potter from the world of his birth and dumped him in a world similar to it, yet at the same time different from it. What were the similarities? Well, for one thing, there was a dark lord that had been out for his hide and had done in his parents in the same manner that he had done in his own birth world. It was tragic, but necessary. Another similarity was that he was dropped off at his relative's home on a cold November night. That's where the similarities, that mattered, ended. One main difference was that one of those that had dropped off the child had checked up on him to see how he was adapting to such a new environment, and what she saw caused her to perform an intervention where she got him out of there. In reality, she didn't get to that Harry Potter in time, what she got out of the ordeal was the same body, but a different soul. He grew up in a loving and caring environment, where his growth was encouraged and everything was done for him to be able to reach his full potential and possibly even go beyond even that. He was tutored by a regretful old man who had been the one that decided to go against his parent's wishes and place him where he had been rescued from. He also had an uncle of sorts, the best friend of his late mother, who treated him fairly and made sure that he was more than prepared for the real world. And what a world it was. In it he found and experienced all that could be experienced, from long lasting friendships to deep seeded hatreds. He grew, went to the best of school, got the best of educations, went on the most spectacular adventures, while having a good amount of backup and many that not only believed in him, but also saw him for himself and not some title that the press had given him for history's documentation's sake. He eventually finished schooling and went on to study a little bit more, that's what one ends up doing when one's performance receives praise instead of either loathing, disappointment, or scorn. He even eventually found and fell in love, a beautiful and wonderful thing. He experienced all that life could let him experience, including three wars that he personally participated in, and played major roles in. At the end of his days, in that life that he had been given through the decision of meddlesome higher powers, he was told the truth of his existence by a representative of the Five. Due to all that he had already experienced, and all that he was, he accepted it and was even ready to face whatever challenges awaited his already old soul. He was prepared for his next great adventure, or at least what should have been his true first one. With family and friends gathered around his death bed, not that it was much of a bed as he had requested that in his last moments he was to be placed on a hammock of all things to watch the sunset, he was told instead of him telling them to enjoy whatever happened afterward. Just as the sun fell beyond the horizon and darkness covered the land, so did his eyelids in this life of his close over his still pulsating emerald orbs. The breath of life was not the only thing that escaped his lips one last time, but his soul as well. The body he left behind glowed briefly, before lighting up the land and sky in a dazzling display of lights, the sheer amount of magic that had been held within it exploding forth and saturating the world in its power before it followed the soul that it had called master for these oh so many years. Family and friend alike had borne witness to such a display, and wondered what else was in-store for this great person that had just passed on from their world to wherever the heck he was meant to go. He had after all told him that his next great adventure was not some afterlife, but a life before this one. He was an odd sort of soul apparently, one that did the reincarnation bit before actually dying it seemed. Nothing truly was simple or common when it came to the life of Harry Potter. (*) He remembered closing his eyes for the last time, or at least it should have been the last time had it not been for that mysterious visitor that had stopped time around them and informed him of his history and what was still expected of him. He didn't mind the added responsibility; he believed that the afterlife might be boring after all. So he agreed with what was supposed to happen to him, but extracted a favor of sorts as payment. He would be able to visit his family and friends in their own afterlives should he wish to do so, but only after he died a second time...or something like that. He found himself in his hammock overlooking the sunrise this time instead of the setting sun. He was on his own property, one of the few that had survived the two wars that his parents had been unfortunate enough to have experienced. Potter Manor, or Estate, was where he was at. It was where he chose to live his adult life, the life with his then and late wife, as well as, of course, with his children, their children, and their children's children. It was a very familiar place to him, though he wondered when it was that he had returned to and why to that place of all places. Last he could recall of the place, if his guess of the time was right, was that it held only three elves within it, all of them in the process of dying due to lack of a connection with a living Potter. He had learned of this rather late in his teens and had regretted not asking his guardians about any properties, responsibilities, or duties that he might have held. So without further ado, and also choosing not to think about why he still had his rather old, but still noble, looking body, he made his way into the manor. Once in the study, the one that the head of the family would use, he summoned the elves to him. "By right of blood and magic, as the last scion of the line of Potter and Le Fey," he intoned, "I claim my I claim what is rightfully mine. I claim the position, rank, and title, of Lord of the Most Ancient and Most Noble Houses of Potter and Le Fey. So mote it be, by the power of three times three, I invoke the ancient magics of my family." There was no deafening crash of thunder or blinding flash of lightning, to signify that he had gained what he had hoped to gain. There was only the appearance of the Potter Lord's Ring on one of his fingers, resizing to fit it comfortably. His three house elves appeared before him, each in a tea cozy, and each on their hands and knees. They were weak little things that were almost out of juice and sanity. "As Head of the Most Ancient and Most Noble House of Potter and Le Fey I accept thee into my service," he recited the words that needed to be said to reconnect the elves to his line, "As the first bond was made to continue your existence in this world of life, so do I reaffirm your bond of service for magic and magic for service. Do you too accept this bond and reaffirm the oaths your ancestors spoke to mine own?" "I do," each of the three house elves spoke as one, and so