The sun rose over District 12 as 2 blonde-haired boys stood within the depths of the woods District 12 where even the illegal hunters dare not enter. The older one, about 20 years old, stood cheering for his 16 year old youngest brother as he was sparring with something even the bravest would call him a fool for – a hungry alpha bear. But for the brothers it was a matter of daily occurrence. Not many would know but the bear was actually a tamed one – or as tamed as a bear could be. It actually was healed by the brothers once 5 years back when it was still a cub and wounded fatally, but since then it always looked up-to them, especially the youngest as its master. Throughout the years it mated with another bear, and both it, its mate and its newborn cubs, were always looked after by their 'master'. They had warmed up to the caring humans and in return it helped them train to become abler fighters and as strong as possible. Standing at the side Rye cheered for his youngest and easily the most favorite sibling. In their family only the both of them had any sort of connections to each other. Their father, though loved them both and always had a soft spot for his youngest brother, never stood up for them due to their abusive mother. Unfortunately the second brother, Millet always tended to be in their mother's good grace, thus was the sole holder of the position of her 'favorite' son while the others tended to stay away from the spot. His this attitude drifted him apart from his siblings, both of whom had no love for their mother who somewhat loved to abuse them, and over the years their relation strained. Though yet not hostile, but none of the other 2 shared any warmth with him, as he has chosen his own path and pushed them away whenever the 2 of them tried to come near him. The eldest loved the youngest dearly for a reason. He still remembered the day as clear s day when he was 9 and his youngest brother only 5. ~FLASHBACK STARTS~ Rye was helping at the back to order all the necessities while a 5 year Peeta Mellark with blonde hair and sapphire-blue eyes sat at the table doing his study from Rye's schoolbooks. It always amazed Rye that his youngest brother was so intelligent and he always had this scholastic approach in him with which he would attempt every aspect he had doubts in. Even at that age he had no problem at all in 'enjoying' (as he describes studying) books that even adults would falter at. His eidetic memory might have something to do with it, but even Rye knew that his brother loved studying and understanding the unknown, as eidetic memory can only help you recall everything and no understand. He was brought to the sound of their home television broadcasting the theme of the 63rd Hunger Games and it felt like a stone dropped in his stomach. He dreaded turning 12 – the age of entering the reaping. Knowing their mother, even with them living pretty well off, she would force him draw as many teserae as possible without any care of him at all. She even wouldn't should he go and die in the arena. He always dreaded turning of age to enter the reaping. "Are you again thinking about the games Rye," asked his brother timidly from the corner effectively bringing him out of his sulking. He still didn't know how, but among the many gifts his brother had, reading other's emotions and hiding his own is one of the most prominent. Rye couldn't find it in himself so he nodded, and his brother slid out of his chair, walked up to him and hug him around his waist. Not being able to control him any further Rye crouched down and hugged his brother hard, while sobbing in his neck. His brother always had this effect in him, and although Rye never displayed emotion to anyone else after having experienced a life his mother, his brother was another thing. He had the kindest soul Rye knew, and that always had him want o protect him from every evil surrounding them. He knew he shouldn't act on an aspect even his brother had to face once he turned of age, but he knew again, his brother was more mature than his age and wont judge him. After finally having managed to control his emotions, Rye smiled at his brother and said, "Thanks Peet. I needed it." Young Peeta smiled at him adorably and said, "And what did you think brothers are for then?" And then he had this certain frown on his face that Rye knew would mean that he was thinking something. "Rye, they say the careers train prior to the game. Why don't we do as well?" The question caught him off-guard but he still replied, "Because we don't have the necessary means, and aren't that wealthy to afford the necessary means." "Means you say? You believe they have it air-conditioned in their arenas with health drinks to boost your stamina and training regimes and food to keep you feat and working?" asked Peeta dryly laced with sarcasm – a feat Rye found both non-characteristic and adorable given Peeta's age. But the words had Rye thinking hard and true he found, he can't deny his brother's logic. "What do you say w propose then?" Not many would take advice from a 5 year old, but Rye always paid heed to his brother's advice, as they always helped him in the past. "Move to the jungles and train ourselves in the dense cover of the forest, surrounded by the wild, and with only ourselves as our means for survival," said Peeta calmly. Rye shook his head. "Its not that simple Peet. The forests have many dangers out there that can be dangerous for us. Then there is the fact that trespassing the fences are illegal. Also we don't have weapons to provide for ourselves to protect ourselves there, much less help train. And then with our responsibilities in bakery, and then our school, I don't find we have enough time. Also to consider our mother won't allow us," said Rye morosely. However Peeta looked unfazed as if somehow expecting Rye to say all this. He finally asked, "Surviving the dangers of the forest each day is a step closer to surviving the arena is it not?" A bit shocked at the idea Rye couldn't help but nod. "The fact about trespassing being illegal is a joke which you know as good as me do. Even if we are caught, I heard a good catch usually satisfies the head peacekeeper." Again Rye can only nod at the reasoning. Its no secret how corrupt the fools are. "Weapons can be designed, and we need to learn to wield them. I would be more than happy to know about the weapon I wield rather than raising it in the arena to use it for the first time with no knowledge about my weapon whatsoever." Again that sarcastic tone that Rye is falling in love with and he couldn't help but smile. Truly his brother had a silver tongue and a very effective muscle inside that cranium than his. He had no doubt that Peeta can create a weapon as good as its capitol counterpart after reading and seeing them. "Now time is something that may be a factor, but nothing that can't be overcome should we decide to do what we are planning to do. Get it Rye. If we don't prepare its like giving up already and should the worst come, and either of us end up there, I don't want any of us to be an unprepared weakling but rather a potential threat that others must watch out for." Even if after the reasoning Rye was still skeptical, now he was determined to go with the plan to train for a more glorious end, should it come to that. "And lastly, dear mother would love us whether we go with my plan or not. So what's the point in not preparing for the worst just because she may love us more than what is necessary?" asked Peeta at last sarcastically, and that was the last straw for Rye to fall down laughing soon joined by Peeta. No silver tongue – a golden tongue. ~FLASHBACK ENDS~ Soon after that day our training began. At first it was a tad bit difficult but they managed to cope up with their schedule by working extra hard at bakery at the evenings. Though their mother was even more violent, but soon relented when she found the work done. As long as the job was finished, she didn't give a damn about the other businesses the boys were upto. It took 3 months' savings for them to buy a book on capitol weaponry and then another month for Peeta to build then all. Rye helped clamping handles and forging the molten metal into blades as Peeta desired. Metal as it may seem, was found in their district very cheaply, due the presence of the coalfields out there. On very old furnace, that though was no longer supportive for coal, but was more than enough for blades, was highered for their business, and soon they had 4 prototypes of each capitol blades and weapons that the capitol used as per the book. The hard part came in carrying the collective 224 weapons into the dense part of the forest and that took a week. Then finally they started their training regime. Every morning they would wake up at 4, run bare-foot into the jungles deep part where their weapons were kept, train with them by referring to the instructions given in the book, then train all non-weapon arts like stealth, snare-building and camouflage, healing, etc., then go for tracking an animal and hunting it, and finally return running back home just 15 minutes prior to the start of school. A year into that training regime, and they had well-defined muscles already and now they were learning the wild atmosphere methodically. Though it took 3 more years to fully get accustomed with the wild, to climb trees and jump between them effortlessly, to travel the forest silently and to swim (in which Rye drowned more than once and had to be saved by Peeta to the embarrassment of the elder) and fish in the lakes, the results were worth the hard job. Every year Rye surviving the reaping would bring a relief to the siblings, and they would train more vigorously. They knew their father knew about their secret and approved of them wholeheartedly, due to the extra food and pocket-money they were supplied with secretly, and that made them even more defined. Rye was best with tridents, swords and daggers while Peeta slowly perfected them all, but still was best with blades if only to point out. 5 years into the training the brothers had embraced the wild totally and were more than capable of surviving it. They would regularly spar with each other, and more than often hunt and spar with bears and wild dogs to test their limits. Even with their secret incoming meat though, Rye found it amusing that Peeta would regularly buy meat from the Everdeens, and for once he got a reason to tease his brother for his crush over the elder Everdeen sister, much to his chagrin. He had witnessed the bread throwing-stunt his brother pulled a few years back to save her from starvation, and then he was sure, Peeta was head over heels in love for the girl. The fact that the girl was from seam was no bother to Rye as both him and Peeta were taught by their father to respect everyone equally (though Millet