Diablo: Howdy strangers! Well, me an' Demonic're back again with the rewrite of Destroying The Lives Of Middle Earth Elves, so it should be a heck of a lot better this time around…well…hopefully… Anyway, it was our first fic and a joint as well, but now we've matured a bit more in age and in our writing, the old version was cringeworthy , I mean really, it was hideous…so we re-wrote it, believe you me, it seriously needed it… However, some things haven't changed, namely flamers BE WARNED, you WILL be laughed at, constructive criticism is welcome… Demonic: Ok... There's a note from our wonderfuly talented Lobo Diablo Lone Wolf and this chapter is written by her but unfortunatly only I'll be carrying on with this story as Diablo 'ere is busy doing other things... maybe I'll get her to write the odd chapter once in a while so yeah... Fenume is meant to be mary-sueish so don't point it out... it's on purpose. I own Kat/Fenume and Lobo owns Tam/Raaka. Well... I hope you enjoy and please review... or something... if you can be bothered... Definitely Not Good The screams of a hundred people filled her ears…screams of panic and terror, and shouts for loved ones, mixed with a deafening noise of warning alarms wailing and grinding and groaning of metal on metal, engines struggling, and everything shaking erratically, it condensed into just one boom of incoherent noise… She couldn't hear, and she couldn't see, it was dark with the occasional, dizzyingly bright flash of light, like a flare that seared into her eyes. And the noise…the noise was unbearable… The sound and sporadic light was disorientating and she couldn't think. She just gripped the hand that held hers and waited for the end… The vague thought of whether it would hurt or not flittered through her mind, too fast to be really considered… There was just light and noise and movement… And then the impact. Everything jolted violently, she felt herself lose the grip on her friend's hand as she was thrown to one side. Then, for a second, though it seemed like an eternity, nothing happened…until there was a tortured groan and the world tipped crazily. There was another impact; it felt like being slapped by a brick wall, it knocked all thought and air from her. It went dark, all she felt, was cold…there was nothing to breathe, no air, no oxygen and though her lungs burned, she still felt cold… All other perceptions faded away so the whole world was just cold, airless, and cold… And then it went dark… -/\-/\-/\- Tammy groaned. Everything hurt. She was lying on her back on something soft that seemed to move like puffs of dust, it settled on Tammy and tickled her nose. For a moment she lay there, trying to work out what had happened, but her mind seemed blank, her memory murky. She remembered cold, but it wasn't cold now…in fact it was suffocatingly hot… Finally after what seemed like an eternity Tammy opened her eyes. For all the difference it made she might as well have not bothered. She pushed herself up to a sitting position and rubbed her eyes to free them of the dark, feathery stuff coating her lashes, it didn't help. The stuff she was lying on was caking her mouth and throat and made her cough a few times. She looked around and saw absolutely nothing. "Okay…and where am I?" she asked aloud, "Who turned out the lights?" "Tam? Tam is that you?" Tammy looked around, "Kit-Kat? Where're you? I can't see anythin'!" "I think you better get over here, fast." Came Kat's voice, "Er, just keep talkin', I'll find you." Tammy stood up and began walking through the darkness, following her best friend's voice. After a few minutes Tammy bumped into something that went 'umph!' and hit her shoulder, "Hey, watch where you're going!" Kat snapped, "It's kinda dark if you ain't noticed…" replied Tammy, "I can't see too well." "Yeah, yeah, c'mon." "I'm comin', I'm comin', it's not like I gotta choice with you yankin' on me sleev-" before she could finish Kat spun her around for her to look into the distance; "…Oh…" there in front of the duo was a huge, dark mountain spewing red flame and lava. She turned to Kat, "HOW D'YOU EXPLAIN THIS!?" "Er, it's what you think it is?" "Oh really ?" "Uh huh." "You mean…Middle Earth?" Tammy asked, suggesting hesitantly, she blinked as it sank in, then she stared, she and Kat looked at each other, "Holy flurckin' shnit, we're gonna die…" Tammy muttered as she sank to the floor, her legs folding up so she just sat on the ash-covered plain, of Mount Doom, in Mordor. She groaned and dropped her head into her hands, shaking it and muttering; "You gotta be kiddin' me, this is so not happenin' to us!" Kat watched her moaning to herself for a moment, before sighing and sitting down next to her. "Ah, it's not all that bad." She said bracingly, Tammy picked up an ash smudged face and looked at her with an 'are you completely blind or stupid' look. Kat rolled her eyes, Tamsien Rivers was the most negative person she'd probably ever met…she always saw the worse in any person and situation… Eventually, when their eyes had accustomed themselves to the all pervading dark, both of them wished they had not woken up that morning, not for the last time. "This ain't happenin' to us…" Tammy muttered again, "Hell no are we that scuppered… Urg, we are so royally screwed… That's it!" she threw her hands in the air, "That's it, I hate my life!" "How the heck did we get here?" Kat asked no one in particularly, ignoring Tammy's rant. "Scrap that, how are we gonna get back!?" Tammy was almost hysterical, "C'mon Tam, deep breath, think, don't panic." Kat said calmly. Tammy obeyed her friend, took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Ok ok, I'm calm, I'm cool, I'm okay…for the moment…" she added in a whimper, she turned to Kat, "I realise this is a once in a hundred lifetimes opportunity but," her voice when slightly whining and panicky, "I don't wanna be stuck in Middle Earth, least of all Mordor! Talk about a cruel joke!" she swallowed and then as she did frequently, suddenly became calm and rational, it was the part of her psyche that made her ever-so-slightly off the wall and such violent changes in mood were only the beginning. "Where are the Orcs? An' I don't see no big tower with a flamin' eyeball stuck on the top." "Well, if you remember that and take into account that Mount Doom is coughing up a load of magma, I'd guess that we've missed the War of the Ring." "That's a good thing right?" Kat didn't have time to answer before Tammy followed her own train of thought out loud, "Actually it would be a good thing because Tolkien only wrote a bit of material after the War and then it more or less does a jump to three years later or so to where Frodo and co. sail West with the Elves, which means that us bein' here after that can't screw anythin' up." "Because we don't have any idea what should be happening." Finished Kat, "Exactly, so I guess it could be worse…I'm not sure how, but it could… And even if we did hit rock bottom, we've still got a few more floors, knowin' our luck…" Kat rolled her eyes, there Tammy went again with the negativity…although, she had to admit, from their experiences, it was a pretty logical statement… She nodded, "Okay, so, what do we do now?" she asked, "Well, I'd say gettin' outta here would be our first priority and then, probably findin' someone who can send us home." Tammy said after a moment's thought. "I'd put my money on Gandalf personally." Kat said, "I was actually thinking of Galadriel but yeah, I see what you're gettin' at." "Do you really think Galadriel could help?" "Yeah, why d'you ask?" "Well, it's just that Gandalf's a Maia and they're higher then even Galadriel…although, she could help us I s'pose." Kat shrugged. "Alright, I'll do you a deal, if we can't get hold of Gandalf then we'll go to Galadriel yes?" Tammy nodded, "Fair nuff…but what if they've gone West already?" Kat's face fell, "Er, well, I dunno...Elrond would've been my next choice, but he leaves too." "What about Aragorn and Arwen, and Elladan and Elrohir? They don't leave." Tammy suggested. "I dunno if Elladan and Elrohir leave, it's an option anyway." "And if worse comes to worse, we can go to Arwen right?" "Right," Kat agreed, "But we need to get outta here before we can do anything else…" "And how do you propose we do that? The only way out is through…" Tammy faded off. "Yeah, that's exactly what I was thinking." "Would now be a good time to mention I never did like spiders, especially big ones…" Tammy said in a would-be calm voice, "I doubt anyone would like a spider that big, but it's all we got." Tammy sighed and sagged, "Besides," Kat continued, "It's not like it could get much worse…well it could but optimisms always good right?" "That remains to be seen…" Tammy said, scowling slightly, "Yeah. Thanks fer that…" muttered Kat sarcastically. Tammy grinned with a mock angelic expression, then she took a deep breath and blew out of her cheeks. "Alright," Kat carried on, "If we want to get out of here any time soon, then we should get going." "Right you are!" Tammy exclaimed cheerfully, she clapped her hands together, "So genius, which way?" Kat's face fell, "How should I know?! You're the history and geography maniac." "Um, true. Well one of us has to be, with you bein' the lingo nut. But enough gabbin', we gotta go…" Tammy narrowed her eyes in concentration, then her eyes cleared and she gestured confidently to the right, "That way." "You sure?" Kat asked sceptically. Tammy nodded. "Care to explain?" "Nope, I just wanna leave, so you're gonna havta trust me on this one…sorry." Kat didn't push it. With Tammy leading the way the two teenagers began a long, hard slog to the right of Mount Doom. It should have been easier but since Mount Doom had been spouting noxious fumes, lava and piles of ash for who knows how long, the plains had developed several hundred inches of black, dusty stuff that yielded practically up to the knees. It was like half wading in black, powdery, dusty snow that was dry and easier to inhale. Which caused rather hideous problems. One of which was a choking, hacking cough. The ash seemed to cake the mouth, throat and nose, and settle on the lungs. Soon they were panting with the energy drain from continually coughing. "How…long…will…this…go on?" Kat asked, gasping between every word. Tammy didn't even have the energy to answer, she just shrugged. Eventually the pair reached the bottom of the cliff walls and looked up at them in horror, they hardly had the energy to walk another step, let alone climb those things… Whimpering, Kat sat on the floor. Dumbfounded Tammy plopped down too, she stared straight ahead, "It's not fair, it's just not fair…" she muttered. They stayed there for a while before Kat rose, "C'mon." Tammy just had her sooty face in her hands again. "What's the point?" She muttered mutinously, "We're just gonna die anyway…" Kat glared and slapped the back of Tammy's head, Tammy yelped and then snarled; "What the hell was that for!?" she snapped. Kat pointed a finger at her friend, "You ain't givin' up so easily!" barked Kat, "You remember when we went on that orienteering survival trek at the Roaches, that your dad set us, and we got lost?" Tammy just glared insubordinately at Kat,