Title of Story; Miles To Go Word Count; 7234 Type of Edward; World War 2 Category; Young Adult Story Summary; The story of a young, Jewish boy, in a Nazi-occupied country, trying to find a way to freedom. Standard Disclaimer; The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. - Miles To Go - The clouds were heavy and obtrusive, as they laid a blanket of pure darkness over the lands. They kept the flowers from blooming, the trees from growing and the children from getting their much needed exercise. But there was one plus to the stormy billows above; it made it easier to hide. My footsteps were gentle on the soft, wet ground, as I slowly made my way across the barren field. Out in the open like this, I constantly feared discovery, but knew that I had to keep going. I couldn't stop now. Not for anything. The clothes on my back were ragged and filthy, and my face and hands were covered in grime more than a week old. I hadn't felt the cool sensation of water flowing down my body in what felt like forever and I hadn't slept more than two hours in a row since that damn night. The night that my whole world changed. And it all started with a knock on the front door. But the smell doesn't bother me; if anything, it strengthens my resolve to keep going. To keep hiding, and running, and planning… always planning. Not for revenge, as most people would perhaps deduce. No, I'm not foolish enough to think that I could ever beat them back, the ones that stole from me. What I am searching for is much simpler, yet very difficult to achieve, as I have come to understand. How does one go about obtaining the hardest thing of all? Freedom. It had been three weeks, and I was still searching. Three weeks since they came and destroyed it all, three weeks since I had looked into my family's eyes and known that I was loved. Three weeks since their frightened screams had overpowered anything else I had ever heard. It was an image I would never forget, as they were dragged away, thrown into the back of a black truck and driven off, to be slaughtered elsewhere. Leaving me with nothing but the memories, the newly borne hatred and the desire to keep my promise. " Anthony, promise me… promise that, no matter what happens, you will run. You will go far, far away and be safe. For me. For us. Promise me." " I promise, father." The words were jumbled inside of my head, as I tried to push back the very last memory I'd had of my loving father; of everything I had lost that night. But it was impossible. All there was left to do was try my best to keep my promise, in any and every way that I could. Which is what brought me here, to the fields of a small town in the East. The town from the rumors; the whispers all around me. This was where I would find help, I could feel it in my bones. This was where I would be saved. At last. -*- MTG -*- My tired feet ached and the sun was rising in the distance, when I finally began to see signs of actual life. But the thought of people, of breaths and beating hearts, instantly put me on edge. Where there were people, there were more of them. The murderers who split apart families. I had to be cautious; had to do this right, or it would be the last thing I did. And though a small part of me wanted nothing more than to join my family, the promise to my father kept playing over and over, pushing me toward the right thing. Pushing me forward and into the light. So to speak. As the muddy ground dug its way up between my toes, the soles of my shoes all but worn away by now, I clenched my fists into the heavy bark of the large tree I hid behind. I could hear the familiar noises in the distance and I felt a creep touch my spine. I wanted to throw up, but there was nothing in my stomach. It was as empty as my heart. Creeping ever closer, thankful for the rain that had kept all the fallen branches nice and silent, I finally made it to the edge of the forest and prepared to look at the view in front of me. To assess it and ensure that it would continue to keep me as safe as possible. I promise not to fail, father , I thought, as I threw a glance toward the Heavens. Then, my eyes fell on the somewhat large building in front of me. I couldn't quite assess what it was, until I heard a loud sound that was only growing more in volume with each passing moment. And then a barrage of small children came running out of the double doors, gleeful smiles on their faces, chattering excitedly to whoever would listen. Huh. A school. Not what I had been expecting. I looked around, as if I would find some sign that this was the wrong place. That I had somehow gotten the directions wrong and was on the opposite side of where I needed to be. But then I saw the clock tower. This was the place. Only when I was sure of my success, did I notice the armed soldiers standing guard at every entrance way; this would not be easy. Not by a long shot. However, I had never expected it to be. I stayed crouched behind the large, fir tree for over an hour, watching the people passing in and out of the small school. Both with or without a uniform covering their body. After seeing the third young woman, I realized that I was seeing the teachers and I wondered if any of them knew what was happening, right under their noses. I doubted the soldiers knew. I saw a heavy, blonde woman, in her mid-twenties, hair curled to just around her shoulders. There was a skip in her step that didn't quite belong there, considering, but all it did was assuage my fear; she would be a perfect candidate for the one I was looking for, including the secretive glint in her hazel eyes when she nodded to the guards. But I had to be sure, so I kept watching. Kept letting my eyes rake over the different women who passed through the doors. All ages, all hair colors, all different moods. I could even swear I saw one who appeared to be grateful for the armed soldiers in her midst. Foolish woman. And then my piercing eyes grew wider as she stepped out of the doors and into the sunshine. Her long, dark brown hair curled slightly at the tips and it shone almost red in the brightness of the day. She was wearing a dreary, grey dress, yet it still seemed to hug her in all of the right places. I wanted nothing more than to run across the grass, just so I could know the color of her eyes. But the thing that stopped me, that halted my moves, was the only thing on her attire that could remind me of what was going on and it was sewn into the sleeve of her long dress. That dreaded symbol of why I was here in the first place. The word that sent ice down my spine. The small fabric that starred in all of my worst nightmares, ever since my country became occupied, more than three years ago. The swastika. My breaths became shallow as I watched the beautiful, nameless woman nod in the direction of the soldier, before she stepped off the path and out of my sight. As soon as she was gone, I got my sensibility back and pushed the image of her out of my mind. I had plans to make. -*- MTG -*- The night had once more fallen over the land, just as I had spent hours waiting for. There was no better time than now. I had spent the remainder of the daylight watching from my spot behind the tree. The mystery woman never passed by again, but a handful of the other teachers did, along with the armed guards. I also saw the only man who wasn't in uniform, along with the disgust in his eyes, when he laid eyes on the SS soldiers. And that's when I first began my plans. The only thing that might stand in my way is ironically enough the darkness. Once it became more difficult to see farther than your own hand, even more guards were assigned to the small school, as with every other public place in this forsaken country. But there was nothing I could do about that; this wasn't a task I could undertake in the bright light of the day. Especially considering the lack of cover, once I left the safety of the wooded forest behind me. This wasn't young boys playing military for the first time; these were trained men, who believed in what they stood for. I couldn't simply wait around for them to lower their guard, because that would never happen. I couldn't outsmart them, because I was just a boy. All I had going for me, was the practice I had gotten over the past three weeks. I excelled at hiding. But that meant finding a place to hide, without being seen before I even arrived. And that was the tricky part. I moved away from my familiar tree, passing by the inside of the forest line, as I slowly made my way around the small structure; trying to find a weak point. My eyes scanned over every inch in the vicinity, each face of the armed soldiers, every nook and cranny, until I felt my vision go double and spin completely out of control. I reached up to rub my eyes and, as soon as I had my sight back, something caught my attention out of the corner to my left. It was a man. It was the man. The one from earlier, who had come out of a school, amongst a sea of women and SS guards. I could see his head poke out through what I had first thought to be nothing more than an air vent in the ground. But I was wrong; it was a secret opening. Perhaps he wasn't as diligent as he should be; as his eyes gazed out over the land, looking for any kind of trouble, he never spotted me in my hiding place, despite the fact that I could clearly see him. He thought of things as safe and I knew that I would have to be careful, if he agreed to help me. I had to have eyes where he didn't. Crawling up from the ground after him was a young woman; she couldn't have been more than a year or two older than me. Her dark hair was matted around her face, her eyes puffy from endless tears, yet she had time to look at the man with pure awe and gratitude. Obviously, it seemed, I needed to give him a chance. Perhaps he did see me, yet did not count me as a threat. Which was true, after all. My next breath caught in my throat, as another woman stepped out from under the hidden opening in the grass. It was her ; the woman from earlier, with the flushed, pale skin and chocolate colored hair. The one that was nothing but a lovely mystery wrapped up in delight. She was on the same side as me. I felt my very first smile in three weeks try to gain purchase on