Title of Story: BOUND Word Count: 10,511 Type of Edward: Civil War/Reconstruction Category (Literotica or Young Adult): Young Adult Story Summary: An entry for the Age of Edward contest 2013: As the Civil War looms, two lifelong friends—one the daughter of privilege, the other the son of a slave and her master—are thrown apart. Will an aristocratic life and education in France allow Edward to shed his burdens and become the man he longs to be? And will he ever see Bella again? Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Note: This story is set during an oppressive time in American history and located in an area where black men and women were not considered human beings, but property. The author strives to portray events and characterizations as accurately as possible. There are words spoken and implied acts that may be uncomfortable for some. This is a work of fiction and is not meant to offend or incite. Although the story is fictional, these events could have happened. There are thousands of untold stories from this era. Thank you for reading. BOUND Prologue 1859 The banks of the Ashley River near Charleston, South Carolina. Little Miss Isabella Swan wandered along the riverbank, looking out over the estuary, watching the egrets forage along the sand bars. Baby turtles, fish, and frogs swam in the safety of the tide pools. Bella was a wet, sandy mess. She knew Lizzie would have her hide if she saw her in such a state. Her pale yellow gingham dress was heavy from gentle waves, the ruffles of her underpinnings brown from mud and sand. Bella had left her boots and hat on a patch of grass not too far from the shore before she trudged down to the waiting banks. "Bella! Mama sent me to fetch you. It's time for your lessons. Missa Banner done come up and been waitin' a spell. Yo' Pa's in a right mood. Say he pay Missa Banner a heap o' money fer you to have good book learnin', not to be wadin' 'round in the muck and mire," the boy chuckled, reciting Master Charles' rant. "He tell me to be sure I say that last bit." He covered his broad grin with his hand to hide his laughter. With her focus on the wondrous world of the tide pool and not the giggling boy behind her, Bella answered, "I think you just like bossin' me, Edward. Why didn't Pa send Em?" Edward's laughter instantly quieted. He looked down contritely and his chubby cheeks pinked in embarrassment. "I meant no disrespect, Miss Isabella. I was just doin' like yo' Pa say. I don' want Massa Charles sore with me. Please don't tell him I'm bossin' you les he won't let me play the piana no more." Edward was near tears. Bella finally turned away from the tide pool she was investigating to face the boy. His thick, rust-colored hair stood on end from nervous tugs; his hazel eyes looked mostly green with the water reflecting in the unshed tears she found there. "I'm sorry, Edward," she said, her tone no longer playful, but full of regret. "I was sassin' you, just pokin' fun. You know I won't let you get in trouble—you're my very best friend. We gotsta stick together," Bella said lightly, righting her clothes. She then hooked her arm with Edward's and skipped back toward the big house. With their brief disagreement forgotten, the two children laughed loudly as they weaved through the grand oak trees that lined the drive. Bella released Edward's hand and broke out into a full sprint. "Race ya home!" she called out behind her, pumping her legs with all her might. Edward streaked ahead, his clothing transforming him into a blur of white and blue with a rust-colored top. They skidded to a halt at the kitchen steps. The two friends fell in a heap, panting and laughing heartily. "It ain't fair. Your legs are so much longer than mine," Bella said as she raised her skirts to measure her leg against her friend's. "And I have all this stuff." She tugged on her underpinnings. "You just have your britches. You don't even wear shoes most times!" At Bella's outburst, a tall, pecan-colored woman appeared at the screen door, her thick, dark hair braided tightly around her head as if it were a crown. She looked ruefully at the children and her full lips pressed into a scowl. "Now Miss Bella, what've I tole you 'bout these unladylike antics?" she scolded as she stomped down the stairs. "Look at yo' dress! Get on 'round to the commode and wash up. Missa Banner been waitin' a spell and jus' 'bout gave up on you, you wild child. I'll bring you a fresh dress in a minute." Her stern glare made Bella's blood run cold. "Scoot!" Lizzie barked, swatting Bella on the backside as the girl scuttled past. Edward dared not look the woman in the eye; he knew he was wrong for horsing around with Bella and not getting her straightway to her lessons. He wondered if he'd simply be beaten, or beaten and punished. His mother, nor anyone else, had much cause to raise a hand to him. If the occasion arose, it was usually over some foolishness he and Bella were mixed up in. The beating, he'd take it, if it kept Bella from suffering any pain. "Massa been good to us. Why you keep workin' that child up? You know Massa Charles want her to be a right fine lady. Miss Bella can't be carrying on 'round here, runnin' and catchin' pollywogs. It just ain't ladylike, Edward," she said, shaking her head. "I'm sorry, Mama. I went to fetch her like you tell me to. But then we gotsta laughin' and...we's friends, Mama. She ain't gots nobody else to play with." She gripped his chin to force his eyes to hers. "Edward, you's gettin' too old to be foolin' 'round with Miss Isabella Swan. Y'all goin' on twelve years now. Hiking up her petticoats and climbin' trees with the likes of you ain't becomin' of someone like her. You gotta understand, son, some things jus' can't be." Edward once again fought an onslaught of tears as his mother's words sank in. Lizzie knew better than most; it was better that Edward learned now. It broke his heart. That wasn't his mother's intention, but it broke just the same. Elizabeth and Edward Masen were the property of Charles Swan. Sure, life was comfortable on the Swan plantation, much better than how others lived, but nothing would change the fact that Edward and his mother had never known a day when they were the masters of their own destiny. 1848 Her eyes never looked up from the worn tracks of the dusty trail. She rubbed her protruding belly, hoping, praying the Swans were kind. She thought there could be little worse than living under Mrs. Katherine Masen's wrath; her drunken, venomous tongue was sometimes worse than her bony fists. Lizzie had served her master's house well, yet her mistress was rarely content. If she were handed over to a cruel master, Lizzie vowed to run. Even heavy with child, she would run. Loud whinnies and a strong jerk alerted Lizzie that she had reached her destination. Patrick opened the coach door for Master Masen, and then walked to the seat his sister was perched upon with her small bundle of possessions pressed tight against her chest. He reached for her to help her down, and whispered in her ear. "Lizzie, it's gon' be all right, ya hear? Massa Swan a good man. They gon' take good care of ya and this lil' one." Edward Masen dared not look at the woman. She, who was carrying his child. She, whom he was handing over to his dear friend and business partner now that his affections had become known to his wife. She, who had been beaten after Katherine spied them from an upstairs window when Edward brought a cool drink for Lizzie while she toiled in the small kitchen garden. She, who had graced him with honeyed eyes and an equally sweet smile before her dress had been shorn from her back by the overseer's whip. She, who had refused to cry out whenever the tips of the leather tassels tore into her flesh, leaving angry, bright pink tracks upon her creamy brown skin. Edward couldn't face her, his shame too great. The figure reflected in Lizzie's bright, wise eyes bore little resemblance to a man. He was yellow through and through. He could take her. They could run. But there would be little refuge found in Europe, despite Negroes living as free men and women there. Katherine's family was too well-connected there and would never support a divorce. Edward dared not broach the subject in South Carolina—divorce was unheard of in his home state. He would face financial ruin if he pursued this course. Edward could gift his love her freedom and move her to New Orleans, buy her a house, publicly declare his affections for her and their child—but not live with her as his wife. Living apart from Lizzie held little appeal. His options were dwindling fast. They could go west, or up to Canada maybe. With talk of expansion, who knew where they could safely eke out an existence? For months, he'd heard news of new states in the West, some of them free states. Wide open plains or rugged hillsides, Edward didn't care as long as he could have his love and their child. Yet he could not dream big or fast enough to outpace reality, for here he stood, forced to abandon his heart or risk ruin. At thirty, Edward Masen had never known romantic love. Men like him were matched to daughters of other businessmen in order to build and fortify alliances. Edward's ten-year marriage to the Frenchwoman Katherine Moreau had been fruitful, on paper. His holdings grew, as did his legal practice. Masen preferred to work primarily out of his country manor, and his clients traveled many miles from Charleston for his services. His wife had been silent and indifferent throughout their courtship. After they wed in Paris, and he brought her home to the estate, she quickly became cruel, expressing her disdain for the Carolina Lowcountry, its thick marshes—and even thicker heat—by abusing the help. She often pointed a reproachful finger at her husband, yoking him to her misery. Soon, she found friendship in opiates and strong drink. After a while, Edward rarely caught sight of his bride outside of her bedchamber. The quiet was welcome, although it made him painfully aware of his own loneliness. Lizzie had been a constant presence in his home and had managed the Masen household well for a year. At just seventeen, she possessed wisdom, ingenuity, and skill well beyond her years. Edward often found an excuse to occupy the same space as the girl, discreetly watching as she went about her duties. In time, his words and actions became more bold; he had come to believe that none could match Lizzie in beauty or intellect. Growing up, Lizzie knew her life was not her own. She recalled sitting with her mother and the Negro women who would sometimes gather after toiling in fields and washhouses, kitchens, and the like. Even in the night, their hands were busy. Idle time was rare on a plantation. The women spoke in hushed tones about overseers and slave owners using young, female bodies for carnal pleasure. Tearing undergarments away with threats of more pain if they cried out or resisted. With her striking looks and statuesque form, Lizzie had caught the eye of many. Experience had shown it was only a matter of time before she was smitten or taken by force. Lizzie knew Master Masen to be kind and surprisingly friendly.