Title of Story: Whole Lotta Love Word Count: 6,049 Type of Edward: Rock'N'Rollward Category: Literotica Story Summary: Edward Masen's Friday nights are usually spent with his friend Mike at Rodney's English Disco. The club itself doesn't have much appeal to him, but the escape it presents him is just what he needs. On one night there, he meets Izzy—an enigmatic girl that fascinates him. A lookout point, Mandies, and Rock 'N' Roll set the stage for their unfolding story. Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Los Angeles, California – 1974 It was just another typical Friday night at Rodney's English Disco when I saw her for the first time. My friend Mike and I were looking to blow off some steam, so we headed there, knowing it was the perfect place for the occasion. Glam Rock blasted from the speakers as we entered, reverberating in the packed room. The androgynous crowd looked multiplied by a mirror-covered wall that lined one side of the dance floor where scantily dressed patrons moved to Gary Glitter's "Do You Wanna Touch Me." As I looked around the club, scanning the crowd, I spotted her. She was with a younger girl, leaning against a wall as she smoked a cigarette. She had the look of a tough girl—of someone who couldn't and wouldn't be controlled—yet her beauty gave her a feminine touch. Her long, dark hair framed her face, contrasting greatly with her alabaster skin, but what stood out the most was the red lipstick she wore. It was like the call of a siren, beckoning me to her. Her stance showed confidence, and her face held a disclaimer that clearly warned you not to fuck with her. You didn't find many girls like her, especially at this type of club. Most of the girls at Rodney's were going for the Glitter Glam look with their Farrah Fawcett hairstyle, heavy make-up and skimpy, sparkly outfits. It was all part of the latest trend and it made girls look generic, yet she was anything but. This girl wore black leather pants and what seemed to be a band t-shirt under her jean jacket; she also wore Chuck Taylor All Stars instead of platform boots. She was totally different and it piqued my attention. A lot. I wondered if her persona was just a front she used to keep people away, and for some reason, I wanted to find out. In order to that, though, I would have to talk to her, but I knew that I couldn't do that at the club, so I had to take her somewhere else to do so. I was conscious that it would be a feat to get her to leave with me, but I was definitely willing to try. I knew that Mike wouldn't mind if I took off with her since it wasn't something that I hadn't already done, and he also did the same with many girls before. I could see him working his charm with Jane—an extremely clingy girl from school—and I knew that he'd regret it later, but I wasn't going to warn him. Looking at the mysterious girl again, I saw her talking with the younger girl as they checked out the dance floor. They were probably criticizing the other girls at the club given that they were laughing and making funny faces. For a brief moment, I wondered if it was possible that they were a couple since her friend seemed to be a bit more tomboyish than she was, but it didn't seem so. Waiting for the perfect moment to approach her, I saw as Mike and Jane headed to dance floor where they immediately began getting handsy with each other. A couple songs later, I noticed that the young girl was walking toward the restroom. I took that as my opportunity to talk to her, but another guy apparently thought the same since he immediately approached her. Making my way toward the other side of the club, I watched as he unsuccessfully tried to work his charm on her. Just when I was going to reach her, the guy walked away, shaking his head in disbelief of being turned down. Chuckling, she looked at me as I stood in front of her and pulled out my box of Camels. "You got some fire?" I asked her before taking out a cigarette and placing it on my lips. "Sure," she snickered, taking out her lighter. As she did, I tipped the box of my smokes her way, offering her one. She accepted it and placed it between her lips as well. I took the lighter from her hand and lit her cigarette and then mine. She took a long drag from her smoke and exhaled, snickering as she sneered at me. Taking a drag from my smoke, I lightly scowled. "What's so funny?" "You are," she scoffed, flicking the ash of her cigarette. " Me ?" I asked, incredulous. "Why?" "Because I can't believe you'd be lame enough to use that line, y'know? Man, if you wanna get girls, you're gonna have to be a little more creative than that." Now it was my turn to scoff. "What makes you think I'm trying to make a move on you?" And of course, that was a load of shit because it was clear that that was exactly what I was doing. She raised her brow. "I won't believe for a second that you came all the way across from the dance floor just so I could light your smoke—especially since I know you have your own lighter." "Fine, you caught me," I jeered, exhaling some smoke. "Is it so bad that I want to get to know you?" "You want to get to know me, or you want to get in my pants?" she defied. "Does it matter?" I asked, smirking cockily. "Not really." She shrugged, taking another drag from her cigarette. "Guys like you don't faze me anymore." " Guys like me ?" I shook my head. "You really shouldn't make assumptions about people without knowing them." "I could tell you the same thing," she said pointedly. Touché. "Okay, you're right," I chuckled. "I apologize for that." "Don't," she taunted. "Maybe I do want to live up to your assumptions." Exhaling smoke again, I leaned closer to her and raised my brow. "Is that right?" The enigmatic girl just shrugged, puzzling me once again. At that precise moment, her friend returned. She stood next to us, looking at me in contempt as she appraised me from head to toe. While she did so, I took a second to appraise her as well. She was dressed almost the same as her friend, but she wasn't wearing any make-up, making her look too boyish. "Hey, Makenna," mystery-girl said. "I want you to meet my new friend…" "Masen," I replied for her. "Nice to meet you," Makenna deadpanned. Makenna's friend rolled her eyes, and then said, "So, yeah… we were just waiting for you to come back so I could tell you that we're taking off." I tried to act unsurprised, as if I knew this already, but I know that I failed miserably based on Makenna's scoff. "Are you coming back soon?" Makenna asked her friend. "And what am I going to tell Riley?" "I don't know how long I'll be gone, but just tell Riley that I'll be back, okay? Tell him to wait for me." "Fine," Makenna said, obviously not happy about her friend leaving. Said friend looked at me and smiled. "Alright, Masen, let's get out of here." "Sure thing," I replied, waving slightly at Makenna before heading to the exit with her friend trailing behind me. As soon as we were out of the club, I turned to mystery-girl and smirked. "So, where do you wanna go?" I asked, disposing my cigarette. "Doesn't really matter," she said, following suit. "Let's just get away from here." I raised my brow. "You don't like Rodney's?" "Not really," she admitted, scowling. "It's my first time here, but I can't say that I like it." "No wonder I hadn't seen you before." I nodded. "I definitely would have noticed you." "Are you a regular here?" she asked. "Yeah, but the Glam Rock scene really isn't my thing. I'm mostly here for the perks that come along with a club like this." "Like accessible pussy," she retorted. "Yeah," I conceded, because there was no denying that, and she knew it. "But my visits are mostly to purchase Mandies and other goodies." " Mandies ?" I leaned close to her, and said, "Vitamin Q? 714, you know?" "Oh, Quaaludes, man," she replied, nodding. "Yeah, I know about those 'goodies'." I chuckled. "Have you ever taken them before?" She leveled me with her gaze. "You don't expect me to be a goody two shoes, do you? I mean, if I were, I wouldn't be here with you right now." "Oh, definitely," I agreed, "so, what do you say? Should we get going, or what?" "Let's get going," she chuckled, mirthfully. "Alright, we just need to get my car, and then we can get away from here," I said, leading the way to the parking lot. "Have you decided where are you're taking me yet?" Smirking playfully, I looked to her, and said, "That's for me to know and for you to find out." "You're not, like, some psycho that's gonna take me to an empty lot and dispose my body after you've had your perverted way with me, right?" she teased. "Nope, too many witnesses have seen us together already for that plan to work out. Maybe next time," I said, winking. "But know what? I'm not so sure you should get in my car without telling me your name, stranger." "Stranger?" she chuckled, rolling her eyes. "My name's Isabella, but everyone calls me Izzy." "Izzy," I echoed. "I like it." "I like your name, too," she confessed. I smiled sheepishly for some unknown reason. "Actually, that's my last name. My name's Edward, but since that's also my dad's name, I just go by Masen." She shrugged. "It's still cool, man." "Thanks." I stopped, having reached where I'd parked. "So, this is my car," I said, pointing to my silver Camaro with black stripes. Izzy gaped as she looked at it. " This is your ride?" "Yeah," I snickered. "You like it?" " Like it ?" she scoffed. "It's a 1969 Chevy Camaro SS, so, no, I don't like it—I love it." Chuckling amusedly, I nodded. "You sure know about cars." "That's what happens when you're raised around a bunch of boys," she said in way of explanation. "And it doesn't help that I spend most of my time around my dad's shop, either." "Does that mean that you like to get down and dirty with cars?" I teased. Smirking, she retorted, "That's for me to know and for you to find out." "Now that's a challenge that I'm willing to take on." . . Once we'd gotten in the car and headed to Mulholland Drive, I asked Izzy to open the compartment glove and hand me the cassette I had stashed in there. "Aladdin Sane?" she asked, raising her brow as she took it out. "I thought you didn't like Glam Rock." "I don't, but David Bowie is David fucking Bowie," I scoffed. "He's one of the best out there." "Don't get your panties in a bunch, man," she chuckled. "I was just saying." As she handed me the tape, I couldn't help but smirk for what felt like the hundredth time that night. I inserted it in my stereo and pushed play, waiting for "Watch That Man" to begin. "You changed the Camaro's stereo," Izzy pointed out. "You have a Pioneer KP4000 now, right?" I nodded—amazed by this girl's knowledge. It was clear in the way that she'd noticed that my older stereo wouldn't