Title of Story: The Arranged Marriage Word Count: 5,447 Type of Edward: 20s Gangster Category (Literotica or Young Adult): Literotica Story Summary: Edward Cullen has just become the most powerful gangster in the world - all because of an arranged marriage. Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. . ISABELLA MARIE SWAN AND EDWARD ANTHONY CULLEN TOGETHER WITH THEIR FAMILIES REQUEST THE PLEASURE OF YOUR PRESENCE AT THEIR WEDDING SATURDAY, THE 18th OF JUNE 1927 AT 5 O'CLOCK IN THE EVENING THE INN, MONTAUK, NY Edward Edward Cullen sat at the head of the large table, flanked by his father, Carlisle Cullen, and Charles Swan. His wild, unruly hair was sticking up everywhere as his piercing green eyes landed on every face in the room, sending chills through each man. Truth be told, the young Cullen was feared by most of the men around the table, they just didn't understand the young men of this day and age. Back in their day, they were quick to take their problems out instantly with a swift beating, a clean cut across the throat, a baseball bat, whatever it took. Nowadays these young cats were quick to pull out a tommy gun and shoot up a place. The large, square table was filled with men in three-piece suits and fedora hats. The room was also filled with low-level men standing against the wall with their guns tucked down the side of their trousers. The room was bare except being filled to the rim with men. Edward Cullen sat rigid in his seat, staring down at the wedding invitation. He had never laid eyes on his wife-to-be, Isabella or Bella as her father liked to call her. He had no idea if she was beautiful, what the color of her eyes were or what her favorite food was and frankly, he didn't give a shit. He had to marry her - that was simple; their union would create the largest crime family in the world. He would treat her with the utmost respect as his father treated his mother. He wouldn't disrespect her, or ever raise his hand to her, even if he never fell in love with her. He would treat her like royalty, which in any case, she was. The Cullens and the Swans had fought over territory and rank for decades before the two heads of the families sat down to make an alliance, a pact, a marriage made in mafia heaven. The latest war had lasted three years until finally one of their consigliere advised that, since Carlisle had a son and Charlie had a daughter, their two families could merge and become one. With multiple deaths already on both sides, Charles Swan and Carlisle Cullen sat down to work things out amicably. The result was an arranged marriage between Isabella and Edward. Edward was his father's second in command. In many ways he'd been the boss of the family since he was eighteen, but he still was technically under his father's tutelage. Clearing his throat, Edward glanced down at the wedding invitation. All he knew about his new bride was that she had been attending Teachers College at Columbia University and had just graduated in May. He didn't know how he felt about having his wife working, but he had to admit that there was something liberating about her not wanting to go from living off of Daddy to living off her husband. Edward had never been in a relationship. He settled on bedding a few skirts, content with waiting until he had a wife to be in a serious relationship. Besides, having a piece on the side really didn't appeal to him. Whatever Isabella wouldn't do, he could find between someone else's legs, but he wouldn't keep another woman. That just wasn't his style. Charles and Carlisle stood up and addressed the room as the men waited with bated breath. Charlie Swan, a tall, older gentleman with a thick mustache, commanded the attention of the room. "We want to thank you all for coming: this is a very exciting time for all of us. It's time we put the past behind us - forget about all the bad blood between us." Carlisle eyed Charlie then turned to the crowd. "Today, my son Edward will take control of our two families, making us one family. The union between my Edward and Isabella will forever make us one. One organization." Charlie rested his hand on Edward's shoulder and smiled down at him. "Edward, I am not only trusting you with this family but I am trusting you with my heart, my Bella. I know that you are man enough for both jobs. Salute!" Charlie raised his glass to the young man who stared straight ahead. The rest of the room followed him and raised their glasses towards Edward. "Salute!" The room erupted. Carlisle held up his glass. "Tonight, our two families become one. Tomorrow we celebrate Edward and Isabella!" The men drank then all stood up and approached Edward. He stood as he kept his face removed of all emotion shaking the hands of everyone in the room. Charlie Swan stood in front of Edward with his hand outstretched. Edward took Charlie's hand in his own and the two men embraced each other. "I'm trusting you with everything that is dear to me. Don't let me down or I swear I'll fucking kill you myself." Charlie patted Edward on the back as Edward leaned back to stare at him. "I respect your words, but don't you ever fucking threaten me again. I'm marrying your daughter - that means she will be treated like a queen, no matter what. This organization is no longer yours or my father's. It all belongs to me and you two old fucks will respect me." Edward released Charlie and turned towards his father as Carlisle looked at both of them. "Everything good?" Charlie gave Carlisle a nod. "This kid of yours got some pair." Carlisle brought Edward into him and smiled proudly. "He gets them from his mother. Now, we will go pick up my Esme and meet back at your house for the family dinner before the big day tomorrow." Bella Isabella sat at her vanity in her large, pink room as she cried her eyes out, staring at her wedding invitation. Everything came together so quickly, in less than three months and tomorrow she would be someone's wife. She couldn't help but to think what would happen if she chose her own life, her own path - married who she wanted and not who her father wanted her to marry. In truth, there was no one she wanted to marry. She had never been in a relationship, never kissed a boy. For most of her life, she had been sheltered. Her mother, Renee walked into the room, dressed in a lovely silk dress with a set of pearls. Her hair was in a tight bun as she walked over to Bella. "It's done, Isabella. Your husband-to-be is now the most powerful mobster in the world and you will be the perfect wife." Bella shook her head 'no' as her mother turned her around to face her. "I can't do it! I can't marry a perfect stranger. I don't even know what he looks like. What if he beats me? What if he's unkind? Mother! This is not the 1800s! I will not marry him." She stood up and flung herself on her bed as her mother followed her. "You will marry him. You will give him children and you will grow to care for him in time, just like I did with your father. Arranged marriages are very popular in an organization like the one your father is in." Bella turned over to face her mother. "Mother, tonight will be the first time we see each other. It's absolute baloney!" "Bella! Watch your language. I know this is all very sudden, but you have to accept your fate. Now, please get up and get dressed. Your future husband and in-laws will be here shortly. " Bella climbed from the bed and plodded over to her vanity mirror. She pressed her face close to the mirror, pulling at her eyes. "Jeepers! I look horrible! Why didn't you tell me that it was dinnertime already?" Bella rushed to her closet and started flinging out dresses as Renee stood behind her. "I thought you didn't want to get married to him. I thought your life was over?" Bella turned to face her mother. "It is, but I would still like to be dolled up if I'm going to be stuck with him for the next fifty years." Her mother walked past her and pulled out a light blue suit dress with a collar, a belt and pleated skirt. She walked over to the bed and laid the dress down, then turned back to her daughter. Bella took off her blouse and skirt as her mother grabbed a brush and started brushing her hair into a loose bun. "The important thing is to just relax. When I first married your father, it was a huge adjustment. I went from my father's house to my husband's house and we were virtually strangers." Renee grabbed the dress off the bed and helped Bella slip into it. "How did you and Daddy fall in love?" Renee inhaled deeply and turned to look into her daughter's eyes. She couldn't dare tell her sweet Bella that she'd never fallen in love with Charlie Swan. Yes, she cared for him as her provider and the father of her only child, but she never fell head over heels in love with him as her heart always belonged to someone else. "Sweetheart, love may or may not come for you and Edward, but that doesn't mean your life will not be filled with happiness. All my happiness came the day you were born and everyday after." Bella embraced her mother. She inhaled her comforting scent that always reminded her that she was home. She felt sad all of a sudden; her mother wasn't in love with her father and she had no idea how to feel about that. As they held each other there, was a knock on the door. Renee removed herself from her daughter's embrace and walked over to answer the door. Charlie walked in and pecked his wife on the cheek, then turned to his daughter. "Isabella, Edward and his parents are downstairs." Bella turned to stand in front of her vanity and patted her face with powder. She took a step back to look at herself in the mirror. The suit dress showed off her figure. Her long hair was pulled back in a loose bun. She grabbed a pair of long pearls and threw them around her neck as her walked over to stand behind her in the mirror. "You look perfect. He doesn't stand a chance against your beauty." She smiled at her father. "Oh, thank you Daddy. I'm ready." Edward, Carlisle and Edward's mother, Esme, sat in the exquisite living room waiting patiently as a maid served them martinis. As Edward sat down in an armchair, Esme sat next to her husband on the adjourning sofa, her elegant bronze, hair curled to perfection. She was dressed in an sophisticated cream-colored dress with a tight set of pearls around her neck, along with matching earrings. The room was covered in beautiful furniture; the sofa was elegantly designed, covered with large cushion pillows to sit on and arm pillows to rest your arms on. The back of the sofa was thin and curved with intricate patterns. Matching chairs in the same design adorned the living room. Beautiful sheer drapes covered the window, flanked by thick satin curtains. Edward stood up and paced the room nervously. Esme smiled at him then looked over to Carlisle. "I was so nervous the first