Title of Story: East of Freedom Word Count: 8,254 Type of Edward: Cold-Warward Category: Literotica Story Summary: All love has barriers to overcome, and Edward and Bella are no different. It is the sixties and while everyone else is experiencing a world of free love, Bella is just trying to survive hers. Edward enters and a whirlwind romance ensues. Yet rarely is a barrier of love as heavy or dangerous as that of the Berlin wall. Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The crunch of the gravel under my feet is the only sound disrupting the morning silence. It sounds slightly different under the soles of my new shoes; they almost sparkle in the bold morning light, which seems odd considering their destination. I attempt to scuff them somewhat as I walk toward the border. As I reach the checkpoint I pause to collect my wits. Reaching for the handkerchief that is neatly folded behind my pocket square, I lightly dab at the sweat that has collected on my brow. Not having time to precisely re-fold it, I shove the handkerchief into the pocket of my pants. I take a deep breath and force myself forward into what can only be described as a war zone standoff. My eyes scan the scene in front of me, and my pulse quickens at the sight of the machine guns aimed and ready to unload at the slightest provocation. The eyes of a Soviet soldier seem to follow me from an enlarged portrait on the wall, and I can't help but feel unnerved as I prepare my passport and visas for the guards ahead of me. The last three weeks I have crossed this border every working day of the week, and the same nerves settle in the bottom of my stomach each time. Nothing is ever certain. The Grepo border guards can turn you away at the gates if they don't like the look of you, and that's even if you have a pass for the day. During my last few weeks of training I have been refused my daily visa on two separate occasions for no reason other than the mood of the guard that day. "Guten Tag," I greet the first border guard and receive a tight nod in return. Not the friendliest folks, but one day I was rewarded with a half smirk from the darker skinned guard, so I feel I'm breaking them down . I survive the inquisition and am allowed passage into East Berlin. It is only five hundred feet from one side of the Berlin wall to the other - a short distance by any other standards. In the case of the iron curtain, it's a five hundred foot portal to another world. I won't be able to fully breathe properly until I make the trip back to West Berlin at the end of my day. With my papers secure in the inner coat pocket of my jacket I make my way to the bus stop, arriving well before the bus comes and carefully choosing my waiting position. At half past seven, just like clockwork, she comes into my field of vision. Her clothes are tailored meticulously and she always has a red cloche hat upon her head. She first caught my attention because my mother has the exact same hat. I suppose it is a nostalgic longing for home that drew me to her, but following the initial attraction, I truly saw what an exquisite woman Isabella is. Her name was spoken softly on the lips of some of her companions on the bus, and I overheard. It suits her perfectly, matching her dark features and soulful eyes. Her face graced with the same sadness that accompanies many here who have heartbreaking stories behind their eyes. She always makes sure any small children or elderly folk board the bus first, becoming a transit constable of sorts. In spite of her small stature, she commands a quiet respect; even the guards keep a wide birth from her, allowing her a curt nod in passing. There isn't much in the way of shelter at this particular bus stop, so I grimace when I see the first drop of rain hit the pavement in front of my right foot. This is followed by another drop, and another before we quickly find ourselves caught in a downpour. Umbrellas and newspapers hastily appear and bodies huddle beneath them. The bus runs on a strict schedule; I take a peek at the gold watch on my left wrist and note that I will have 10 minutes of this to endure, having forgotten my umbrella this morning. My hair is becoming so wet that I know it is merely seconds before it drips into my eyes. Instantly the rain stops. Bemused, I look up to the sky, but only see red. Much to my delight, standing beside me is Isabella with her arm outstretched over her head to hold her bright red umbrella so that it covers both of us. As run my fingers through my now disheveled hair to keep the water off my face, I nod at her and give her my thanks, "Dankeschön." She nods back, and although it could be the faint red glow from her umbrella, there appears to be a light blush crossing the apples of her cheeks. I hadn't realized how intimate the act of sharing an umbrella could be, but as we are held hostage by the weather, I revel in this closeness. The rain quickly dissipates, and our cocoon is disrupted by the distinct wheezing of our bus rumbling its way around the corner. Isabella shakes the collected accumulation of water off the umbrella and makes her way to the front of the line. I discreetly try to always sit as close as possible to her, on lucky days sitting just behind her . Today is no different; as the bus creeps to a stop, I watch Isabella marshal everyone up the vehicles stairs and I leisurely make my way to the back of the line. Once it is my turn, I flash my identification card to the driver and he waves me back before the screech of rust indicates the closing of the doors. A disappointed sigh escapes my lips as I realize there are no seats around Isabella except the one right beside her; it is occupied by her bag, likely saving a place for one of the women who boarded just ahead of me. As I pass her seat, I feel a small hand touch my wrist. "If you please," Isabella's soft voice implores me and gestures to the seat beside her. She gently moves her bag on to her lap and offers me a soft enchanting smile. I'm sure my answering smile is not quite as subtle, but hopefully equally as enchanting. We sit in comfortable silence; I couldn't bring myself to speak for fear of bursting the delicate and delightful bubble around us. Isabella usually gets off the bus at the stop before mine, so as I notice the bus change gears to slow down, I hold my briefcase slightly tighter to my chest and begin to stand. Again, I feel her delicate hand on top of mine. "Not today," is all she says. Barely a breath of a moment later and we are slowing down once again for my regular stop. Isabella gathers her things and slides slightly closer to me. I quickly assume she will be getting off at this station also. Once in the aisle I shuffle back a step or two, allowing her to exit the bus in front of me. We make our way down the aisle and after descending to street level, both of us step to the side and allow the other passengers pass us. I sense the desire for a few extra moments together is mutual . She clears her throat and gestures to the path just off to the left of us, "I work, just over there, the third door in that brick building." She looks up at me to make sure I know which door she's speaking of. I nod in confirmation. "I am a seamstress," she continues. "I work mostly on uniforms, but occasionally I get to design and construct some formal wear for someone's wife." She gestures for me to bend down as she leans in and places her lips a mere inch from me and warms my ear with her breath, "or…someone's mistress." She giggles, and I am now certain beyond reasonable doubtthat being able to elicit that sound from her once more has now been given highest priority in my daily agenda. "There is another building, at the previous bus stop before this one that I have been working at. I am now working here." She informs me and I delight in the the possibility that sharing a seat with her could become a regular occurrence. "I'm a lawyer, but really my job description is more that of a pencil pusher." I tell her as I point to the adjacent building of where she works. Her face scrunches up – managing to look simultaneously adorable and incredibly confused - and I realize that while her English is some of the best I've encountered in the German Democratic Republic, American slang has yet to find its way into her vast vocabulary. I laugh and explain that I mainly do paper work. A burst of courage courses through my veins and I reach down to grasp her fingers between mine and bring them to my lips. After softly laying a kiss upon her knuckles, I give her a flirtatious smile, "Until our next chariot ride my fair Isabella." I am rewarded with another giggle before she walks away from me. I followclosely behind her, making my way to my own office. Once inside I hang my coat and put my briefcase down, ready to start my day. I am barely seated when I hear the tell-tale knock of my best friend. "Hellllloooo Daddy-oooo!" He is always so jovial in the mornings. "Hello Emmett." I wave my hand signalling that he should enter and take a seat. "You talked to the lovely Isabella." His finger jutting out toward me in an accusatory fashion. My smile widens. "I thought it would never happen. So where are you taking the lovely Isabella on your first date? I know a guy who works at that nice place we had our work dinner a few weeks ago who can get you in or there is that new place off of the square where all you beatniks at heart hang out, or…." "Ah, well…, do you know anyone with a contact at The Palace Hotel?" I reach my hand around to rub the back of my neck, and turn my face away uncomfortably as I wait for a look of understanding to appear on his face. "Shit man! She's East German?" His expression one of empathy as he knows my pain all too well. Emmett is as American as I am, but he was born in Germany and spent the first six years of his life there until escaping during the Second World War with his family. When he returned to do this work, he reconnected with his childhood playmate and now fiancée, Rosalie, who still lives in the GDR. We both know the complications involved with East and West German politics. It is what our days are consumed with, and our offices are filled with…stacks and stacks of paperwork detailing seedy backroom deals, balances of accounts filled with money for bribes and barters, and lists of names belonging to unfortunate East German prisoners being held for even thinking of fleeing to freedom. To everyone else, our cover is import and export specialists dealing with commodities such as food, supplies, and building materials. Emmett and I were both hired because