This is a repost of this story - it was the first one I wrote and I really think it could be improved, so I pulled it to do that but have had someone ask for it, so here it is. I would like to rewrite it one day (I like to think I've improved since I did this one!) but until I do I will leave this one here so that there is the whole saga rewritten. Love, Rebecca Chapter 1- Before. They pigeon-hole people, in my family. Strip us down to one defining characteristic and that's that. Carlisle, the compassionate father. Esme, the caring maternal one. Alice is the fey seer, and Jasper is the stoic defender. Emmett is the good natured simpleton. Edward is the deep, tormented soul. And me? I'm just the bitch. They underestimate us all. Especially me. Edward is the worst offender. I can't stand his smug superiority! He thinks because he can read my mind he knows everything about me. He thinks he's got me all figured out, all I ever was and all I will possibly ever be, but he's wrong. There's a lot more to me than the small strings of thoughts he bothers to listen to. He forgets that I've known him for over eighty years now, and I've picked up a lot of little tricks in that time to keep him out of my head. Not that I'm not a bitch though. I'm willing to concede that point. But again Edward judges unfairly- how would HE enjoy being forced to put up with a know-it-all mind reader who flat out rejected him? He read my mind for all my newborn years, listened to my mind scream all my hate and anger and despair over what Carlisle had done to me and all that I'd lost, and because it wasn't anything HE considered important he mocked me for it. Maybe my dreams of marriage and babies and family, of being beautiful and popular and at the centre of a social circle were shallow and hardly earth shattering, but they were mine. And when Carlisle made me a vampire he took all of it away. Really, is it any wonder I was kind of a bitch back then? It was different after I found Emmett. Being a vampire wasn't what I would have chosen, but having Emmett made it almost worthwhile. He changed everything for me. I went out in to the woods to hunt that day, hating the world and every single vampire in it, and I came home that evening carrying a dying man and knowing that nothing else mattered if only he could be saved. I'd barely heard him say a word and yet I knew that my heart, at least the cold, vampire version of it, belonged to him for eternity and he was meant to be mine. Three days later he rose, warm flesh made immortal stone, and yet it was like he brought the sun to my life. He called me his angel, and it was like all that emotional energy I'd spent raging about the nature of my human death and the loss of all I held close to my heart turned into this crazy passionate love. For Emmett. For this big bear of a man whose face held only smiles for me, and who loved me without the dark, evil side of the human man who had destroyed me. He and I spent the next decade wrapped up in nothing but the sheer pleasure of being together, the two of us equals. I still had my bitter regrets, but with Emmett I found a new world to enjoy and I let go of some of the old hurts. My newfound almost-contentment allowed me to even extend an olive branch to Edward, but it merely moved our interactions towards civility, not friendship. He knew too much of my bad side by then and wasn't particularly interested in trying again. I wanted us to get along for the family's sake, but honestly, it's not as though Edward and I were ever going to be friends. He's constantly torturing himself with all the deepest questions of humanity and making himself miserable. I just wanted to tell him to stop all this ridiculous naval gazing and find a hobby. You're not even human, what does existential philosophy have to do with you? Emmett was always a good buffer between us, and once Alice and Jasper joined the family it was even easier to be around each other. With more people to read Edward left me alone more, and I had a new sister and brother who didn't actually hate me so didn't deliberately try and bring out the bitchy side of me. Then, we moved to Forks. I was happy about the move to Forks. Emmett and I had been living by ourselves for a while and I was missing the family. We also hadn't done the high school thing for a while, and although I would never have admitted it to the others, I kind of liked high school. I know, I know, everyone hates high school…but if you're beautiful and smart AND everyone is afraid of you, it's really not that bad. Besides, I was ready for something new. My vampire life had taken place during a century of unprecedented change and there were always new ideas and technologies and knowledge coming out. I'd been fixing cars and playing with engines for decades, and as much I loved it I was starting to think about trying something different. I was tossing up between construction engineering and computer programming, and I figured starting at the high school level with those in mind could be interesting. It sounds boring to most people. Cars for decades, then engineering or computer science. Edward took it as proof that I had no depth to my personality because I wasn't in to the arts like he was, but the fact is I like things that are straightforward. I like things such as engines and computers because they're consistent, they follow the rules, and when you're working on them you always know where you stand. They're not devious and dangerous like people can be. I was happy to go back to Forks too. It was the town with the highest rainfall in the US and this constant cloud cover allowed us to live an almost human life, something not too many other places permitted. I loved being out in the daylight. I'd also seen the plans for the house remodel Esme had planned for the Forks house and it was going to be spectacular. I was looking forward to working on it with her. I was looking forward to a lot of things. I didn't know that a human girl was going to come out of nowhere and turn my ordered and controlled world upside down. Chapter 2- Learning to Knit. It started, not that we realised the full implications then, the day Alice learned to knit. It was late afternoon and most of us were in the living room. Carlisle was at the hospital and Esme was in the garden, but Edward was sitting at the piano and playing in an absent minded kind of way, Emmett and Jasper were playing cards, and I was sitting behind Jasper, flicking through a magazine and helping Emmett cheat at cards by signalling Jasper's hand to him. Alice came in humming and sat down on the couch, unpacking from her bag her laptop, a ball of purple yarn and two long aluminium needles. I stared at her incredulously. "Are you knitting? " With endless time on our hands people in my family always were picking up obscure hobbies and acquiring new skills. I mean, Jasper taught himself to be a puppeteer and Esme took up pottery and Edward was fluent in twenty different languages and I don't think anyone was ever going to forget Emmett and the origami, but knitting? "I'm going to learn," Alice said blithely, connecting to youtube and beginning a tutorial. "Do you have any idea how many different kind of yarns there are? Can you imagine the hats and sweaters I could make?" "Because vampires who never feel cold need so many hats and sweaters," I murmured, but stopped as I felt something stirring in my dull human memories. "I think…I believe my grandmother taught me. I was quite small…" "I don't think I ever learned." Alice frowned at the yarn in her hands. "It doesn't feel familiar at all." I lifted three fingers and touched my heart in Emmett's direction, although I continued to watch Alice fumble with the yarn. It was always interesting to watch one of us try something new- with our level of physical prowess and perfect mental recall most things came very easily, but there were occasional things that took slightly more practice. It seemed knitting might be one of them. "I wouldn't bother really," Alice told me, pulling her yarn off the needles and starting again. "Jasper's going to win anyway and Emmett's going to throw the cards out the window…although perhaps he'll control himself now just to prove me wrong," she added with a laugh. She focussed on the youtube clip for a few moments and then began moving her hands faster, the yarn looping over itself as her needles clicked. "Look…I think I've got it." I was silent for a minute, remembering dimly knitting by a fire and tiny woolly socks and bonnets for a friend's baby…"Maybe I should try that again one day." Alice smiled sweetly and then handed me a large paper bag with string handles and a sheep stamped on the side. "There's pink yarn and a blanket pattern. I knew you'd want to join me and I saw what you'd choose." I rolled my eyes. "Thank you." Another know-it-all psychic, but for some reason it never annoyed me as much in Alice as it did in Edward. I took the printed pattern out and looked through the instructions. "It's beautiful." My hands seemed to have a memory of knitting because I easily slipped in to the rhythm of looping yarn and clicking needles. Alice and I sat companionably side by side knitting, while the card game behind us ended in the predicted victory to Jasper and Emmett's throwing of the cards. The two of them then came and dropped into the armchairs and were looking for the television remote control when the noise from Alice's knitting needles stopped. I paused too and looked at her as she stared blankly ahead for several long seconds, before shaking her head and frowning at her work. "What was it love?" Jasper asked quietly. "What did you see?" " Her," Alice said shortly. "Again." Oh. Her. We didn't know her name. It has begun seventeen years ago with visions of a dark eyed human baby and had continued sporadically ever since, with the dark eyed baby growing into a slight, brunette girl. "She's going to live with her father," Alice continued in frustration. "Who he is and what that has to do with anything I don't know…I just wish I knew who she was and why I keep seeing her!" I could feel Jasper emanating calm, and Alice smiled at him as she relaxed back into her chair. "Thank you my love. It will be fine…I'm sure I'll find out who she is when the time comes. And I think…" she frowned slightly again, as the edges of a vision tickled at her mind,"…I think it might be soon. This decision matters." Obviously we didn't know then how much that decision was going to matter, and how very soon we were going to learn who Alice had been seeing in her mind. Because of course that dark haired baby that grew up into the pretty, frail human girl was Bella Swan, and on the day that Alice learned to knit Bella Swan