After all this time of writing the other Cullens, I'm finally going to try with Bella! This is going to be a medieval version of Twilight, set in 1348. It will borrow heavily from modern day twilight with a lot of similar conversations and parallel events. I've kept the names of the Cullens but changed a few of the other characters, just because the modern names really clashed with the medieval setting. The title comes from a quote by Dante, who was a 14th century writer, and I thought it was very appropriate for Bella and Edward. Anyway, I hope you enjoy it! Chapter 1 – Castle Cullen " Remember tonight…for it is the beginning of always." – Dante Alighieri "Lady Isabella? You'll be able to see Castle Cullen soon, just once we get out of these woods. We're nearly home, my lady." Deep under my hood I nodded wearily. The rain dripped continuously from the trees above and I was so cold I had almost ceased shivering. My hands on the reins were numb despite the fur-lined gloves, but the well-bred and trained palfrey followed the horse ahead without requiring any guidance from me. Coming to the edge of the forest the endless dripping eased off as we left the thick trees behind. I pushed my hood back a little and looked up, seeing at last the looming stone edifice of Castle Cullen atop the hill we were now beginning to wind our way up. The oppressive storm clouds and the twilight gloom combined to make it look forbidding, and I felt my heart fall a little further. The horses obviously felt none of my reservations. Sensing how close they were to home, to a warm stable and good food, they picked up their pace and the palfrey neighed shrilly. "You'll be glad to get to the castle I'd wager," Sir Hugh said to me, letting his horse drop back to pace beside the palfrey. I smiled at him briefly, but said nothing. Certainly I'd be glad to be off the horse and in front of a fire, but there was nothing about the dark grey stone walls and towers ahead of me that appealed. After living with my aunt in a busy market city of York for twelve years, being sent to the remote Castle Cullen to live with my father felt like being sent into exile. It began to rain again as we passed through the outer gate, and made our way towards the imposing gatehouse ahead. The palfrey slipped a little in the churned up mud and I clutched at the saddle with numb hands, hoping it wouldn't stumble. Several cottages and huts were built up against the thick castle walls, but the evening hour and the cold rain appeared to be keeping everyone inside. The older man guarding the gatehouse greeted Sir Hugh with a hearty shout, and then gazed at me curiously. "Charles' daughter, Lady Isabella," Sir Hugh said briefly, and the man nodded with understanding. I squirmed in embarrassment, knowing that this was only the beginning. There wouldn't be so many new faces joining remote castle communities like Castle Cullen often so that the arrival of someone new wouldn't be regarded as a matter of great interest. As steward my father was a powerful member of the Lord's household, and having his long lost daughter arrive from the large market town of York wasn't something that would slip by anyone. Shy and with a tendency towards clumsiness, the idea of everyone watching me was horrifying. Coming out from under the shelter of the gatehouse into the castle courtyard I saw the stables over to one side. Built of stone, they were in considerably better repair than some of the peasant's cottages I had seen on the other side of the wall. Sir Hugh dismounted and handed his courser off to another groom and then came over to my side. "My lady? Can I help you?" "Thank you." Forcing my cramped fingers to release the reins I dismounted, although after so many hours freezing in the saddle my legs crumpled under me and I fell into Sir Hugh's arms. He held me upright until I was able to stand alone, my face hot with embarrassment. "Jacob," Sir Hugh shouted. "Jacob! Come and fetch the lady Isabella's horse!" The palfrey butted her head against me, and I patted her shoulder absently. A boy suddenly appeared at her head, taking the rein and grinning at me. His eyes were dark and his hair, also dark, had stray wisps of hay in it. "Welcome to Castle Cullen Lady Bella. Or I suppose I should say welcome back." I smiled at him vaguely. I had left the castle at five years old and had very few memories. "Thank you…" "Jacob," he told me. "You don't remember me? We used to play together when we were little, when you were here before." His cheeks went pink. "Never mind…it's silly." "I don't remember," I said, but I smiled at him anyway. He had called me Bella, which I preferred, and it was kind of him to remember and try and make me feel at home. "But thank you for the welcome." "Let's get on up to the castle," Sir Hugh interrupted, unstrapping the bundle of my possessions from the palfrey. "Jacob, see to the horses. Lady Isabella, we must find your father. He'll be relieved to have you here safe at last." I followed him across the courtyard and into the great hall, where the clamour of the people crowded in there hit me like a solid wall of sound. Dinner must have been winding down, since the high table was deserted, but the hall still seemed full of people seated at the long tables, all of them talking at the tops of their voices. "Here are your belongings," Sir Hugh said, offering me my bundle, which I took and clasped to my chest. "Wait here my lady, and I'll find your father," he added, not waiting for a response before he vanished. He seemed a little less dour than he had on the journey, and I supposed he was relieved to be home. Likely he hadn't found my company any more scintillating than I had found his. "Bella!" It was my father. My few memories from the castle involved Charles, and I was surprised how unchanged the man in front of me seemed. There was more grey in his hair and beard and the belly under the tunic was a little more pronounced than I remembered, but the smile was the same as he came and embraced me a little awkwardly. "Hello Char…Father." My aunt had always referred to Charles by his name and I had fallen into the habit of doing so as well, but it didn't seem respectful to do so to his face. "The journey was well?" he enquired. "Well enough," I answered. Four days of hard riding had left me aching in every muscle and half wishing to never see a horse again, but Charles didn't need to hear my complaints. I was here at Castle Cullen at last, and had little option but to make the best of it. "I know you must be tired," Charles said. "You've missed the main serving of dinner but if you take a seat I'll get you something before I take you up to your chamber. Come up near the fire, you look frozen." "Thank you," I said, clutching my bundle a little tighter as I meekly followed Charles through the great hall towards the tables closer to the huge, blazing fire. People were beginning to rise from the benches and leave, or mill around the hall talking, but I kept my head down and carefully watched my footing in the rushes spread across the floor. They were fresh and I caught the scent of herbs as my foot crushed a leaf here and there. "Take a seat." Charles pushed me gently towards the bench and I stumbled forward and sat down. Even at this distance I could feel the heat of the fire and my clothes began to steam gently. He disappeared for a moment and when he reappeared he laid a trencher laden with meats in front of me, alongside a goblet of wine. The smell of the spiced food was strong enough to make me feel almost dizzy as I realised how hungry I was. Taking my knife from my belt I began to eat. Charles watched me for a few moments, a smile creeping across his face. "It's good to have you back here at the castle, Bella." I gave him a small smile in return. At least my return to the endlessly overcast, gloomy remoteness of Castle Cullen was bringing pleasure to someone, even if it wasn't me. The food was cold but good and I ate it gratefully. The warmth from the fire at my back began to seep through my damp, cold clothing and I dropped my cloak on the bench beside me so I could feel it more directly. "I've had a fire lit in a chamber upstairs for you," Charles said diffidently. "If you want to come along now?" I nodded and rose to my feet. Charles took my bundle and I took my wet cloak and followed him through the great hall and up a curving staircase. All along the way people called out to him, several of them adding greetings to me. I guessed Charles had been talking about my return; certainly I had changed enough since I'd left as a five year old that no one should remember me! The chamber Charles showed me to was tiny, but it had a narrow window through which I could see the sky outside and, best of all, a fire crackling cheerfully in a brazier. With a grateful sigh I went and stood with my back to it, lacing my hands together behind my back to warm them too. Apart from the brazier there was an inviting looking bed, an upright chair and a chest against the far wall. "Most of the other young ladies all sleep together but I thought you might prefer being on your own, at least until you find your feet," Charles said. "Let me know if you'd rather not." "No, this is lovely thank you," I said, a little surprised at Charles' thoughtfulness. I had always slept alone, and the thought of having to share a chamber and a bed with strange girls made my stomach drop. A private chamber was a welcome luxury. "I'll leave you to sleep," Charles said, a little awkwardly. "Garderobe is down the hall a ways…you'll see it." "Thank you," I said again, giving a sigh of relief when he finally turned and left. Alone at last, I couldn't stop the tears that sprang to my eyes. I knew I would get used to things at Castle Cullen, but it was a long way from York and things were bound to be different and strange compared to my peaceful life there. I let myself cry for a few moments, but it was too cold and I was too tired to really give into the misery and weep the way I felt like. Instead I opened my bundle and started to organise myself in my new home. I searched out the privy and used it, then hurried back to my room. The brazier made the room a little smoky, but I welcomed the warmth and the ability to dry my clothes. From my bundle I withdrew my spare chemise and then stripped off my clothes, all of which were damp, sweaty and dirty after four days ride. They would need to be sponged clean, but I didn't know when or how I might manage that, so for the time being I arranged them over the end of the bed and the chair so that they might dry in the heat