As the plane soared higher and higher, Percy saw her tense. "Are you ok?" he asked with the slightest bit of his usual sarcastic flair. "Yes", Annabeth responded, "It's just… I always get a little nervous in the beginning of flights." Smiling a bit at her peculiar quirk, Percy settled back into his seat. He contemplated about how he even came to be on this plane. He wasn't supposed to be here, but after Leo came down with a mysterious illness, there was a heavily discounted ticket available. Percy remembered simply thinking, Why not? After all, it was Paris. And with a girl he had always found rather…fascinating. To him, Annabeth was a refreshing alternative to the type of girl he usually found himself accompanied by. She was clever, and intelligent. A pleasant change to the group of desperate airheads that seemed to crave his attention at every moment. She, on the other hand, was independent. She had never been chasing him, or even let on a bit that she looked at him as more than an acquaintance. That is precisely why he liked her. Coming back to his senses, he felt her gaze pressuring the side of his face. He glanced sideways and saw her giving him an amused smirk. "What's so captivating?" she smiled, "It must be quite something, that is, in order to keep you quiet." "Well Annabeth, I suppose that the purpose of being quiet is to not share your thoughts with anyone, even the girl from French class," he retorted light-heartedly. Annabeth shrugged, "Very well. If it shuts you up, its fine by me." The two lapsed into a comfortable silence for a while. Annabeth could not have been happier in that moment. Percy had never been the type of guy she had expected to like so much, but perhaps thats why she did indeed like him. The pairing was rather untraditional, but also a bit cliché. The whole "arrogant and confident charmer" with the "innocent but fiery good girl". It seemed like something out of one of her books. She turned her head to look at him, and it just happened to be at that same moment, Percy turned his head towards her. They found themselves mere inches apart, both wide-eyed and staring at one another. Percy's mouth twitched into a bit of a smile, and Annabeth rolled her eyes. There was nothing more she liked than to watch his eyes when he smiled, and there was nothing more he liked than to see her gazing at him, obviously lost in profound thought. "What are you thinking?" he murmured, no sarcasm at all. "About what people who lived centuries ago would think about all this," she whispered. "About what?" he questioned. "Flight." she said simply, "I mean, can you imagine the wonder they would feel if they knew that in the future we could be able to fly even higher than the birds. That we can visit planets that they believed to be unreachable gods. How we understand so much about the world and everyone in it, compared to what they knew." Percy laughed, "How do you find time to ponder all of that?" Rolling her eyes again, Annabeth teased, "Oh, it's pretty easy when you're as smart as me." "Well someone's feeling all high and mighty tonight," he grinned. Both leaned back again, smiling at each other. One hour gone, fifteen still remaining. Both of them felt as if that was too short a time. "So…why aren't you dating anyone?" Percy stammered. Annabeth looked up, a bit surprised by the question. "Um. I guess I haven't found anyone worth dating yet," she muttered awkwardly. "Well, if you go by that logic, you'll never get any guys," he responded. Annabeth did not answer that. She turned to her other side to stare out the window. Percy sat up. A stomach-turning feeling washed over him as he feared he had offended her. "Hey, I'm sorry. That was harsh. I just…well…if you want to have boyfriends, you have to put yourself out there." Annabeth, too, sat up and turned to face him, a grim expression etched on her face, "Well then that's the difference between you and I, isn't it Percy?" he looked into her eyes, hardly six inches from his own as she continued, "You want to get all of the girls, while I just want to get a guy and keep him." "Hey that's not fair!" Percy said loudly, earning him several shushed from the surrounding passengers, "Just because I haven't found someone I want to keep yet, doesn't mean I only care about getting girls!" "Oh please!" Annabeth shouted back, "All of the girls you've been with have been the pretty, popular ones! You don't care about intelligence, or genuine compassion! All you want is a pretty face!" "No," Percy murmured, with a deadly quiet tone, "You're wrong. I care about a girl's character. Her kindness, her determination, and her intelligence too. Those other girls…I guess you're right about the pretty faces, but they didn't have anything past that. Why do you think I didn't stay with them? They never wanted to have an adult conversation, or even talk at all. They were airheads, every one." With that, he laid back with a sigh. Annabeth rose up a bit. Percy was turned away from her, staring with blank eyes. She felt rather bad about saying the things she had. Annabeth put a hand on his arm. She looked at him in a new light than she had before, and said under her breath, "Then you deserve better." Without warning, Percy sat up suddenly. "What?" he questioned quickly. Annabeth looked him straight in the eye and calmly repeated, "I said that I think you deserve better. You know, than conceited airheads. You deserve a girl with an actual brain. One who actually cares about other things besides herself and her looks." Percy didn't know how to respond to that. Here he was, sitting across from a girl that had finally told him something he desperately needed to hear. He wasn't the bad guy. He hadn't been with shallow girls for the sake of it, he did actually want more. "You." Percy looked her dead on. His eyes were wide, as if an unbelievable realization had just been made. Taken aback, Annabeth gave him a confused look, "Me?…Me what?" "You're better. Better than I deserve, surely, but also better than everyone else I've ever been with put together. You said I deserve better. I want you, although I might not be worthy of that," Percy said with such sincerity, Annabeth was speechless, "You are the one who is all those things. Intelligent, clever, compassionate. You're everything. Everything…besides mine." They sat staring at one another for what seemed like eternity before Annabeth finally spoke. Whispering, she breathed, "No. I'm not everything…but I can be yours." Percy took a moment to process what she had said. Reaching out he lightly touched the soft side of her cheek, brushing his hand down her jawbone to her chin. He gently pulled her face towards him, never breaking eye contact, a silent plea for permission. And permission was granted. Their lips met with such perfection, one would wonder whether the angels had pieced them for one another by hand. After only a few moments, Percy pulled away, saying, "That's no fair." Annabeth was understandably confused, "What are you talking about, Percy?" She looked like a deer in headlights. Headlights being the fear of him saying she was a bad kisser. Percy immediately disputed this, "You. You are everything. Including perhaps the most amazing person I've ever kissed." Annabeth let out a slight smile, hiding the relief that had just been released from her heart. She lifted one hand to the back of his head, feeling his silky blonde hair under her fingertips. The other hand went to his chest, just below the shoulder. She allowed herself another moment to be lost in his deep blue eyes that practically mirrored her own. Percy couldn't help but beam down at her. Annabeth couldn't help but laugh at his expression. He looked like a child on Christmas morning who had just unwrapped the present he had waiting all year for. "What?" Percy grinned. "Oh nothing," Annabeth said nonchalantly, "You're just kind of adorable is all." "Hm. Adorable? Can't it be masculine? Or sexy?" Percy inquired. Full out laughing now, Annabeth answered, "No! Adorable is the perfect word to describe you right now! You look like a puppy who just found his bone!" "Fine. I'll be adorable. Just for you, though." He grew closer as he surrendered to her touch. Warmth radiated from one person to the other as their lips entwined with the other's. Percy let his hand fade down the back of her neck, pushing her hair out of the way as he traced her spine all the way down, making her giggle against him. This earned him a playful bite on his bottom lip. Alright then, smart girl, Percy thought, two can play at that game. He delicately ran the tip of his tongue across her bottom lip, physically begging for entrance. Annabeth's heart fluttered at this new sensation. Little to his knowledge, this was her first kiss. She (ironically) didn't know how to french kiss. Nonetheless, his request was accepted by the soft welcome of her tongue. Once that barrier had been crossed, the natural rhythm of their bodies took over. Her hands rose to the back of his neck, as his held her face incredibly gently. Annabeth began to wonder where this side of Percy had been hidden. Percy ran his hands back down her sides, encircling her tiny waist with his hands. She wrapped her arms completely around his neck, bringing him all the closer. A voice cleared behind them and Percy and Annabeth drew apart, "Will you be needed more water, miss? You seem thirsty," asked the sweet, slightly passive aggressive, voice of a flight attended. Annabeth and Percy did not lose eye contact as, nor did their hand leave each others bodies as she answered, "No, I'm just fine." They were both breathing hard at this point, energy from the long awaited moment surged throughout them both. Percy stammered looking at his feet , "Um…do.. well, do you want to—" Annabeth pulled his chin up so that he would look her in the eye, "Join the Mile Hight Club?" "What!" he blurted, obviously surprised. "Percy, oh my god, I'm kidding!" Annabeth laughed at his apparent shock. She leaned back towards him and gave him a quick peck. Percy kept his eyes closed for a few seconds before grinning, "Oh, you aren't about to get off that easy." He reached out for her again, dragging her lips to his and they both giggled and laughed together. This kiss was just as spectacular, maybe even more so, than the first. Percy reached for her hand, fingers intwined, he tugged her towards him. Blindly, Annabeth managed to put up the armrest separating them as they crashed together. Hunger drove them both as Percy dragged his lips down the corner of her mouth to her jawbone, giving delicate kisses to her neck as he journeyed down to her collar bone. He planted kisses from one side to the other, lingering for a moment at the tender base of her throat. They were puzzle pieces, perfectly fit and in sync. Annabeth pulled away for a moment, just long enough to look him in the face and give him a secretive, and even seductive, little smile. This about did it for Percy, as he breathlessly murmured into her ear, "I'm practically going to explode if you keep doing stuff like that, smart girl." Laughing outright, Annabeth slowly moved herself closer to him. She then disappeared from his view as he felt her glorious lips tracing his neck as well. She looked up at him mischievously and whispered with quick wink, "Like that?"