James Potter returned to the heads common room after a days lessons, anxious to see if Lily, his fellow head student, was residing there. She'd not been in Defence Against the Dark Arts or History of Magic, the last two classes of that day, and it was unlike Lily to miss lessons. Especially in their NEWT year, with exams fast approaching. He'd detoured past the hospital wing earlier today just after lunch, curious to see if it was a sudden illness that had kept his fellow head out of class, though there was no sign of Lily's mane of gingery hair in the line of patient beds in the infirmary, proving his theory wrong. So it was with a fair bit of curiosity that James muttered the password and entered into the common room. Nothing could've prepared James for the sight that presented itself before him. Lily Evans sat on the main couch of their shared living room, her shoulders hunched forward, elbows on her knees and and forearms dangling off her bare legs. Her school robes has been discarded, as had her shoes, so she sat forward in only her white socks and pleated grey skirt that sat at the top of her hips in the modest curve of her waist. You see, Lily has also removed her school top. Or, upon closer inspection, it seems the school blouse might've removed itself. The shirt lay in front of Lily on the carpet; the button slots torn and buttons popped off or hanging by a mere thread. Lily's bra, a flimsy white lace thing, lay on the couch arm closest to James, also torn. James couldn't take his eyes of her, or rather, her breasts. Her now huge breasts. James, harbouring quite the crush on Lily, also had a reasonable knowledge on Lily breasts; modest, pale, perky. Looked great in the old white singlets she wore to sleep, big enough to cause the fabric to stretch across them and gather on the underside in a very understatedly sexily way. Lily currently held a pillow to her chest to protect her surely ample cleavage from sight, though the side of her breasts, now huge, spilled out. James stared, mouth agape, shocked at this most unexpected state of his Lily. Lily looked up to James when the door swung open, her eyes red and her face screwed up in near tears, expression pained. She was clearly embarrassed by her predicament, though also in so much pain that it overrode her desire to hide herself in her private quarters in shame. Her arms hung strategically so only the underside of her now ridiculously swollen breasts could be seen, the pillow she held in front of her covering her cleavage and nipples. Eyes still glued unblinkingly to her chest James finally stuttered out 'Lily … what?' when it became apparent after a few moments of silence, that Lily was in far too much a state to explain anything at all. 'I was coming from advanced potions this morning,' Lily began, eyes on the floor, 'when a few Slytherins caught me. They must've been from our year; only NEWT level uses the dungeon rooms that advanced classes are held in. I had my back to them when I heard two of them cast something at me. Based off their lewd comments, I … I suppose it was supposed to charm my top off me, and expose my, well … my chest. I turned though, and instead one spell went right under my arm and hid my side, right on my ribs … and my chest. Immediately my breasts were in so much pain and I screamed out. Probably sensing that their charm had done more harm than intended they ran off, leaving me in the dungeon corridors alone. It took a minute for me to discover what was happening, but when I did, well I ran straight back to the heads dorm. I've been here for the better part of the day James and I don't know how to heal this. My breasts, they've swollen ridiculously, I was a minute from our dorm when my top started to pop open. I'd removed my bra back on the third floor and was carrying it because it hurt so much, you know, the lace cutting into my growing chest. My breasts, they've grown so much, and it hurts so much James. I can't bring myself to go to the matron. I'm too embarrassed, I can't stand to leave the head dorms in this condition. I … I look like some sort of wonton woman.' It seemed Lily could talk no more and she promptly started crying, eyes scared, arms still cradling her chest to support her painfully enlarged breasts. 'Can you help me, James?' Lily asked desperately. She knew of James' affections of her, how attractive she must be to him in this situation presently; topless with swollen breasts as she pleaded for his help. But she also trusted him explicitly, and knew that he was far too good to take any sort of personal gain from this situation. He would help Lily if she needed him, and she knew this. She had trusted him with this. James looked Lily in the eye, and gave her a somewhat awkward smile. She melted into his expression. Handsome features not lustful and barbarian as he looked at her, but so kind and genuine that she found herself smiling back at him, albeit somewhat pitifully. With renewed confidence, Lily continued. 'I've been researching-' James choked on a cough or maybe a burst of laughter. 'researching, you?' he said teasingly, one eyebrow raised. 'Yes, me, researching,' Lily said, 'and, I think I know what the problem is.' James said nothing, but stared at Lily's face instead of her decidedly distracting breasts, and he realised she was growing rather embarrassed again. Just as James opened his mouth to ask what the issue (rather obvious) and solution be, Lily continued. 'It appears I need to be … milked. I've tried to do it myself. But James, its so painful. I can't manage it alone. I … I need you to milk me. Please.' Lily glanced a change at James to see a dark red on his high pureblooded cheekbones as he comprehended her request. Nervously rambling in embarrassment at her request Lily continued. 'I'd ask one of the girls, but, the Gryffindor common room is a fair while away, and its horrible to walk; they're so heavy and sensitive, you see. And, well, I trust you James. I know you won't tell anyone about this, and … and I know you wouldn't hurt me.' With that last proclamation by Lily James seemed to snap into himself a bit. He nodded, apparently to himself a few times, before giving Lily an encouraging smile and saying, his voice deep and soothing like a hot cup of tea, 'Of course I'll help you out of this … predicament. You know I'll always be here for you', and she knew he utterly meant it. Eyes still trained resolutely on her face rather then her exposed breasts, James sat beside Lily on the plush couch. They shared a rueful smile and with this Lily dropped the pillow that she held in front of her like a shield and exposed her breasts to James. She looked ridiculously out of proportion, her two breasts like large melons hanging lewdly from her dainty frame, their silhouette swelling past her waist and straining against her still crossed arms. Her nipples were large and pale pink, looking swollen and sensitive. James stared, pupils wide, while Lily watched his face as he took in the extent of her state. James knew that if Lily looked to his groin his erection would be visible. The outline of his cock obvious in his grey slacks. If he was being entirely honest, the second he saw Lily heaved over in their common room, topless, pale shoulders and delicate back exposed, her breasts straining against her arms and under the pillow, he'd wanted nothing more in his entire life than to touch Lily. To kiss her and cup her full breasts, lick and kiss her chest, make her moan as he sucked on her tits, he would- Enough of that, James mentally scolded himself. Lily was in pain. She had trusted him to help her and to hold it together. He couldn't take pleasure at her circumstances. He had to help her. 'So … how, how do we do this?' James asked, hesitantly. 'I don't want to hurt you.' Lily smiled at James and he took a moment to study her face. She was beautiful, clear, pale skin and a full bottom lip, and her eyes never ceased to bewitch him. Flecks of colour; the dense velvety green of forests, bright lime, the Irish green of a shamrock, the turquoise of the Black Lake at dusk; her eyes a a pool of colours dancing together. 'Well. I need to be milked.' Lily said in a quiet voice. Her pleading eyes did things to James that he wasn't proud of, his cock twitching as that taboo sentence fell from her smart mouth. A silence ensued once again, James saying nothing in reply as he tried to surpass the incessant throbbing of his cock at the sight of Lily's heavy breasts, blushing cheeks and wide eyes. Eyes pleading for him. Lily it seemed was to embarrassed to continue into detail on exactly what being milked entailed. It seemed there was no way to say what needed to be said in a somewhat dignified and non sexual manner. The sentence; I need you to touch me James. Please, touch my swollen nipples. Pinch and squeeze them. Milk my breasts dry, please. It was a sentence Lily could never bring herself to say, regardless of her persistent pain. James nodded finally. Realising that Lily was still not looking at him, he cleared his throat. They made eye contact. 'I've been trying to release the milk-' James forced the image of Lily groaning as she squeezes her swollen tits out of his mind, '-but, nothings happening. I can't seem to bring myself to apply enough pressure to force any results, it hurts too much.' 'Lily, I don't want to hurt you.' James repeated with renewed concern. 'Is there a spell?' Lily laughed. 'You think I haven't been wishing that all afternoon. No spells. Just the muggle way.' She gave a sigh. 'Trust me, I've been researching all morning.' 'Ok, well … just tell me if it hurts too much' James said, concerned but determined. 'Should we try it here, or somewhere where its easier to clean up?' Lily said, embarrassed though trying her hardest to appear unaffected, as though in a few mere minutes James wouldn't have his hands on her. 'Here's fine. More comfortable and that then in the bathroom. I'm not having you on all fours in the bathtub while I do this'. James forces that image from his mind too, and focused on Lily's relived smile. 'So… I'll just massage you, and see if I can get any milk flow going …' James trailed off, waiting for Lily confirmation. 'Thank you so much for to being grossed out by this.' 'Lily, its my pleasure. I'm glad I'm the one helping you.' Lily knew that at this moment James was imagining another mans hands on her. 'I don't like that you're in pain and I'm sorry that this situations forces us together so crudely, but, honestly, I'm happy to help.' Lily, looking at James face again (it seemed the sight of him had quite the calming and reassuring effect on her) gave another small smile. James summoned a vial of oil from his bedroom. 'From quidditch,' he explained. 'It's got mild soothing and healing properties.' 'I'm happy with that', Lily said, eyeing the vial approvingly. 'I guess I'll just massage you for a bit, and then work at your nipples, and