Scorpius and Rose were two very intelligent and opinionated people. So a healthy debate isn't uncommon nor unhealthy for their brilliant minds. A real fight though, this friendship had never seen one of those before. But it seems Scorpius had gone too far this time. It was sixth year at Hogwarts and summer holidays were drawing near. The culmination of another year of education also meant the finalising and submitting of the sixth year Slytherin-Gryffindor potions class paired assessments. It was no surprise to anyone that Rose and Scorpius, both great friends and two thirds of their trio, completed by Albus Potter, were paired together. They both had a keen mind for potions; Rose with an eye for impeccable detail and precision, and Scorpius with smart innovation and the knowledge to support his experimentation's. But this assessment had proved trying. The healing potion they'd been assigned was complex. The duo were quick to master it though. But the side effects presented a challenge to Scorpius. He was confident that the substitution of certain herbs and different methods of preparing the ingredients would be successful in both continuing the healing properties of the potion while also reducing the negative side affects that it bore. Rose wasn't convinced. The potion was perfect; a clear dark blue colour that turned milky when stirred. She didn't want experimentation, she wanted perfect replication, and she had it. They'd fought for a few good weeks on the matter. It led to Scorpius in the final week before submission, implementing his own theories into the potions creation while Rose was off in the loo. In those few short minutes where ground spearmint leaves, rather than thinly sliced peppermint ones, were used, an action that couldn't be undone however much Rose tried to think her way around it, Scorpius enraged Rose like never before. It had been a week since the assessment was handed it. They'd been called back to be congratulated on their innovative adjustments that proved successful (Rose would never forget Scorpius's maddeningly smug grin) though she still wasn't talking to him. On principle Rose felt it disrespectful of Scorpius to alter their shared assessment without her agreement. It was a school assessment that went toward her grade too! He'd been selfish, thoughtless and conniving and she didn't plan on forgetting it any time soon. Albus was growing tired of them. Rose was stubborn and Scorpius was smug, and as much as he hated to accept the fact, this argument he knew was about more then the potion debacle. This heated fighting; the long staring contests and refusal to talk to or be in close vicinity of one another was only making the other glaring issue between Rose and Scorpius more evident. They had, Albus shuddered at the thought, sexual tension. All of Rose's snarky verbal jabs and intense glares at Scorpius did more to turn the teenage boy than on than to annoy him, and Rose was secretly loving scorpius's teasing. It was, as a cousin of Rose, deeply repulsing, though something he'd had years to come to terms with. Albus sighed, he knew that he was living in his last days of platonic trio-ness, as when this fight was resolved, he knew how it would go down. In a bed. Albus shuddered again. It was the final quidditch match of the year. Hufflepuff has crushed Ravenclaw in a long game made messy by wet weather and strong winds. It has been something to watch, only made better if Rose had accompanied them. For perhaps the first time in all their years (except for when Slytherin and Gryffindor were facing off), Rose had sat in the Gryffindor stadium with Lily, rather then with he and Scorpius in the Slytherin stadium. Enough was enough. 'Scorpius,' Albus said, 'you need to talk to her.' 'She can come to me and apologise for doubting my intelligence and not trusting me.' Albus sighed. He knew Scorpius didn't believe any of this this insulted nonsense that he spewed, he merely said it because he was a smug prat who liked to fire up Rose. 'Mate I'm going to find a new set of friends if you two don't kiss and make up by the end of tonight.' Albus stated, paying special attention to the little flush Scorpius's cheeks at his tactical use of 'kiss'. Scorpius had a feeling that Albus had cottoned on to his slight infatuation with Rose, and his little comment there seemed too far too intuitive. 'Fine Al,' he sighed, 'I'll sort her out tonight.' It was hours later and the celebratory Hufflepuff common room party was still alive. Gryffindors, then Slytherins, and even a few Ravenclaws has slipped in as the night wore on. The common room was a maze of drunken dancing and flirtations, as everyone drowned themselves in butterbeer and dangerous concoctions of firewhisky and other spirits. Albus and Scorpius were late to the party. They quickly acquired beverages for themselves before splitting, Albus leaving after giving his friend a final reminder to 'talk to Rose, please '. So Scorpius stood alone, slowly sipping at the pumpkin juice spiked with firewhisky as he watched Rose, who was off in the corner giggling with her friends. She was drunk. It was clear in her wide, silly grin and near constant laughter as she took great sips of her drink and called out lewdly to one of her friends - Blair - I think it was, who was up against the wall with a taller boy who seemed quite keen on getting her upstairs if his roaming hands and insistent kissing were to tell anything. Scorpius watched Rose for a few minutes more before forcing his attention to the two younger Slytherin girls in tight strapless dresses who had curled unto him and were talking to him about something uninteresting. (Well, not as interesting as watching Rose). When he finally reunited with Albus, who had a long haired blonde sitting on his lap, Albus sighed. 'I thought you'd disappeared with Rose already to go and sort things out. Before she gets too sloshed.' He added in afterthought. 'Why must I be the mature one,' Scorpius whined petulantly, taking a final swig of his drink, before dropping the red plastic cup and giving a mocking salute to Albus before disappearing. When Scorpius finally did find Rose (who was no longer with her friends in the corner of the room yelling obscenities) she was on a couch near the fireplace. With her ex boyfriend. At this point Scorpius had had just enough to drink as well, and could not be blamed for stalking up to Rose, the drunken sparkle in her eyes disappearing when she locked eyes with him. Wordlessly he grabbed her wrist and half dragged her, as gently as you can drag someone, out of the common room. Rose followed, trying to be annoyed but mostly slightly aroused by how angry and strong Scorpius seemed in that moment. Once they'd exited the common room; the music muted and the excitable energy vaped, the two looked at each other. 'What did you want then?' Rose said, breaking the silence. Her voice is a bit drunk, her words softer, and as Rose talks she looks not at Scorpius' eyes but at his lips. Scorpius sighed, running a hand through his fair hair. 'I came to find you to apologise. For experimenting with our potion without your consent.' He decide's not to add that his alterations were a great success. Rose it seems had the same unspoken vein of thought. 'I'm sorry as well then,' she said, and Scorpius knew it was the alcohol talking because Rose never apologised. 'Your idea was good. I should have never disputed it. I - I just have trouble with straying from procedures. I like methodicalness and precision,' she rambled, as way of explanation. Scorpius grinned, one corner of his mouth lifting higher than the other. 'Big words for a drunk girl.' 'I'm not drunk,' Rose said loudly, though they both knew she didn't believe it because Rose's tone was teasing not indignant. 'Why else would you be curled up with that cad of an ex-boyfriend if you weren't absolutely sloshed then?' Scorpius asked, (hoping Rose didn't pick up on the underlying anger , hurt , jealousy in his question). She did. 'Why's it matter to you?' 'Just curious is all. I thought you were too smart to go back to someone who treated you as utterly averagely as he did.' Rose blushed red at the accusation. It was true. Kyle had been a nightmare to date. 'I'm not going back to him. We were just chatting.' Rose was defensive. 'Ok.' Silenced resumed and Rose sighed, looking around the empty corridor vaguely. It was suddenly slightly tense between the two, and Rose was grateful for the drink Kyle had made for her just before she'd been dragged off. She took a large sip and gulped it down loudly. At once Rose was shrouded in a thick wave of lust. Rose gave a deep groan and took a step forward toward Scorpius, her eyes hazy. 'I think you should stop drinking.' Scorpius said, eyeing the alcohol warily. 'No no I'm fine,' Rose assured him thickly before raising her hand and placing it on Scorpius' neck. 'Scorpius can I kiss you?' Scorpius reeled back, befuddled at her sudden change in demeanour. 'Rose… what?' 'I really want to,' Rose continued, eyes flickering between Scorpius' grey eyes and his full lips. Rose brought her second hand up and ran a finger over his bottom lip. 'Can I please-' 'Rose why are you doing this?' Scorpius interrupted, though Rose ignored his concern. 'Scorpius kiss me, please.' 'Not even two minutes ago you didn't want to kiss me, Rose what-' 'I always want to kiss you,' Rose intersected brashly. They both paused. Rose looked up from Scorpius's bottom lip which she had been playing with, and they stared at each other. Then she lent up, hand still on the back of his neck, and dove in for a sloppy kiss that Scorpius immediately pulled himself from. Though not before tasting something too sweet to be butterbeer on Rose's lips. 'What are you drinking?' Scorpius didn't mean for his voice to sound as accusing as it did. 'I thought that cup was butterbeer.' 'It is.' 'Kiss me again,' Scorpius demanded, leaning down to get a taste of her wet lips. Rose looked shocked for half a second, then immensely pleased, and easily curved into Scorpius, opening her mouth to his firm lips. Rose did taste like butterbeer, Scorpius quickly deduced, but also much more pungently of a very sweet taste, almost like red liquorice. It all clicked into place at once. 'It's a lust potion. Did he make your drink for you?' Scorpius asked harshly. Rose nodded, focus still on Scorpius' lips. 'And that was your first sip?' He continued, now understanding Rose's curious behaviour. 'Mmm hmm,' Rose mumbled. Scorpius untangled Rose's arms from himself, and lit the cup that sat unsuspectingly on the stone floor beside them up in a flurry of blue flames. 'You're not going back in there, or anywhere, else until this is out of your system.' 'I want you in my system,' Rose crooned, pressing her body up against Scorpius again. He sighed. 'Lets go back to my room.' Rose's face lit up at the idea, and Scorpius quickly explained himself, 'I'll put you to bed; I don't trust you alone in your dorm. For all I know you'll come running back to this party in your nightie.' Rose groaned and giggled and easily followed Scorpius back to the dungeons, and then down the stairs to his empty dorm room, happy to have his hand on her waist as he guided her along. 'Rose shower. You smell of alcohol and sweat.' Scorpius said bluntly once he'd closed the dormitory door behind him. He was struggling with this form of Rose, staring at him like she