Fire Ants By Rosemary ForRemembrance "One move out of you and I'll tie you down! Just stay put there and don't fuss." For a moment Boromir believed he was back in Minas Tirith, in the Houses of Healing, under the watchful eye of that old crone, Ioreth. The tone of the disembodied voice was similar; curt, chiding and superior, but nothing else about the two compared. Where Ioreth's voice was squawking and rapid, this one was slow, calm and low. Memories of the quest returned to Boromir's hazy mind, and with the returned consciousness came a fiery, burning, stinging sensation over the entirety of the dorsal side of his body. "Where am I?" Boromir croaked, his own harsh, pained voice surprising him. "In my house, and a sight better situation than I found you in…" The voice sounded again. Now more fully awake, Boromir heard the sounds of shuffling feet and other movement, though he still had no sight of whom he spoke to. He lay, he realized, flat on his stomach on a rough, straw-packed mattress, covered to the waist with a light blanket. Trying to remember, his thoughts drifted back as far as he could force them. It was pouring. The sturdy gray he'd ridden since he'd stopped at Edoras was as irritable and miserable as he was and as cold. The wind had picked up as the sun sank behind the hills and the scrub brush and sparse plant life the borders of Rohan and Dunland, almost over the Gap of Rohan, afforded little protection. Seeking a semi-sheltered place to make camp, Boromir dismounted the gray and made his way to a rocky little hill, where he'd hopefully find some break from the biting wind and driving rain. Lucky for him, he'd found just the spot. Hidden from prying eyes, just below the saddle of two little hills was a shallow cave. The path that led up to it was steep, and there was not much more than a few feet at the mouth of it before the land dropped off into a steep ditch. Praising providence, Boromir dismounted the gray, Hasudel, and led him up the steep track. A fire was out of the question, for there was no dry fodder about. After pulling the tack off of Hasudel and rubbing him down, Boromir spread out his blanket on the dry ground sheltered by the little alcove and tried to get some sleep. He awoke to the most painful sensation he'd felt in a lifetime of soldiering. A thousand tiny needles were stinging him at once. Instantly awake but very disoriented, he staggered out into the rain, tripped on a stone, and plunged head first into the ditch. That was all Boromir could remember. Lying there on his stomach, he mentally checked himself over. The skin of his scalp, the backs of his arms, his shoulders, back, and lower burned like he'd rolled in nettles. Under the stinging of his scalp, he felt the more familiar dull pain of a physical blow. "I suppose anyone could set their blanket down on an anthill and not know it in this rain, but if you plan to survive out on the road in these parts, you'll have to be more careful young man." Young man. Boromir was hardly a stripling lad anymore. How long had it been since he'd been called that? Years, at least. He certainly felt like a raw recruit at the moment. Stupid, stupid, stupid mistake! He reconciled never to make the same again, and let the matter be. Brow beating himself over his idiocy and carelessness would solve nothing. Boromir gently turned his head towards the voice. The skin on the back of his neck protested, but he was tired of listening to a disembodied voice. The gray light of a soggy, still raining morning filtered through gaps in hide-covered windows, but the majority of the light in the little cottage, more of a hut really, came from a cheerful, if smoky fire. Bathed in tongues of that light was a short, stocky woman of how many years Boromir could not quite tell. Her once-blonde, gray hair was swept up away from her face and secured in a roll behind her head with what looked like age-yellowed bone combs. Her dress was simple, brown homespun. Behind her and close to the fire was a shaggy, mangy old wolfhound bitch. Her ears pricked when she saw the stranger awake and her mistress suddenly moving about and making noises. Finding no immediate danger, she set her head back down on her paws, but kept a weather eye on the new stranger. "Who are you?" was probably the most prudent question to ask first, so out of the many running through Boromir's head that was the one he asked. "My name is Hildláf." The woman answered. Hildláf busied herself mixing something in an old pewter bowl. "Don't bother asking anything else. You'll wear yourself out. Like beestings, the poison in fire ant bites, in large amounts, slows the body down. Don't bother exhausting yourself." Another stir of the mixture, the smell of which Boromir did not like at all, and Hildláf stepped closer. Boromir recoiled. "Don't you worry. This isn't to eat. Your stomach would reject anything put in it just now." She sat down on the edge of the rough pallet and poured the creamy substance over Boromir's red, swollen back, set the bowl down, and spread the substance with her hands over his neck, arms, and shoulders. Boromir gasped then sighed. At first touch, the substance seemed to freeze, but after a moment it was strangely numbing. When she reached to tug the blanket down, Boromir moved to stop her, which he regretted afterwards. "Tsh, tsh," she soothed, "I have children your age, and they children of their own. I've soothed more hurts in more places more times than I know how to count." Boromir supposed what little modesty he had wouldn't suffer. Though he'd lived as a part of an army for a long time and been seen by various people in various situations of undress, he felt more than a little embarrassed at his compromising situation. "There, all settled." Hildláf raised the blanket back to waist level and stepped back, wiping wrinkled hands on an old apron. "I suppose the least I could ask for is your name, soldier." "Boromir." He responded thankfully, omitting his rank and station. "How did you know I was a soldier?" "I've known a few in my time; you were easy to figure out. I was young once ." One of her blue eyes winked. Boromir could imagine. In her prime she must have been pretty enough. He could see the influence of Rohirric bloodlines in her face and coloring, though her build was shorter and more compact than most Rohirrim he'd ever encountered. She waited as he studied her. "My mother was a Dunlending, if that's what you were wondering." She remarked stoically. Boromir averted his eyes, but he did not apologize for his scrutiny. "You live here alone?" "There're Haunwyn and Cuanil to keep me company." She said cheerfully. The dog's head lifted at the mention of her name and the name of her pup, now grown, out about in the weather. Crazy pup! "Besides them, I've been here since my husband died and my children left in search of better things than the legacy of a poor charcoal burner." Hildláf put the empty mixing bowl into a deep basin by the window and washed her hands. "This place wasn't as remote as it is now when I was younger. Since then, some of the folks who used to live nearby have moved to better-populated areas. The borders aren't as safe as they once were. I was surprised to find you out there; we don't get travelers through here very often." Boromir almost questioned her use of "we," but then remembered that some widows, long married, instinctively referred to themselves as part as a couple, even in their solitude. Boromir took a moment of silence to analyze his heroine, as it was. Out in the borderlands, all alone, providing for herself; how had Boromir ever thought his own courage stronger than that of normal, simple people? How was the steady courage of a widow on her own, facing trials every day, any more developed than the courage of a soldier whose courage lasted him for the duration of a battle? The soldier oft returned to a safe, snug barracks or a fortified camp at the end of the day. Hildláf had no such luxury. "How did you find me, or get me out of that ditch?" Boromir asked. He was curious to know how an old woman had hauled him who knows how far through such inclement weather. "Cuanil, that's Haunwyn's pup, sniffed you out when that pretty gray of yours bolted straight up to my door and nickered just as loud as you please. I wondered what such a nice, long boned gelding was doing out here alone and with such a nice bridle too! I followed Cuanil out and found you at the bottom of that ditch, pale as death. That gray has such nice, strong legs, I thought I'd put him to work, so I looped the lead through your arms and hauled you up." "My thanks to Cuanil, your ingenuity and Hasudel's compliance." It was fortunate that the horses of Rohan were so well trained. Even by their nature, the steeds of Rohan were spirited and mighty yet they were biddable enough for those who knew how to handle them. "Though he must not have liked all that pulling on his bridle." He reasoned. To pull the heavy man up through the strength of the horse's neck, Boromir imagined even the enduring Hasudel would not have enjoyed that treatment. "Oh no!" Hildláf chuckled, "I may live on the borderlands now, but my uncle was a rider of Rohan in the Westfold. Besides," she got up for a moment to peek out a hole in one of the hide window coverings, "we women of Rohan know just as much about horses as any of the men. I found the long lead you had in your bags in your little camp there, put his saddle on and cinched it quick, then I tied the lead to the saddle bow and then looped it through your arms." She clucked absently at the condition of the weather and turned back to the weary soldier. "Might've taken me longer, but I knew that success on a first attempt was more likely with a compliant horse! Speaking of the beauty, you needn't worry after him. We have a milking shed, and I'm sure Hasudel, you said his name was, will be fine right there next to Dunlie." The old cow still gave enough milk for one solitary old woman to use and she was Hildláf's only company out there, besides the dogs. "I went back while you were still asleep and brought in most of your tack; it's wet through but hopefully no worse for wear." "You went back out there , just for my tack ?" Boromir was incredulous. Now that he looked at her, her hair was the dark gold that straw colored hair turned when wet. A long, damp-heavy cloak hung on a peg by the fire, the first in a row of pegs that held other assorted garments up to dry. Mine. Boromir realized. "How long have I been asleep?" If there was one thing Boromir hated, it was missing time. How long had he laid there unconscious? How long had he slept there on Hildláf's rough pallet? "No need to get upset." She said as she eased herself down into a chair by the fire. Stretching her legs out in front of her comfortably, she picked up what looked like a pair of trousers to mend. Boromir entertained for a moment that perhaps