Okay, so this took me about five days to write and it is MUCH longer than I originally intended. Like 10,000 words longer. Mostly, this started out as a fic to try and delve into Effie's mind because I hate how she is portrayed in the novels. I think that Katniss especially doesn't give her enough credit. This is, through Effie's eyes, most of the events of Catching Fire . It definitely turned out to be more of an Effie/Haymitch piece than anything else, but my overall goal was to define her as a dimensional character instead of just a tool for Collins's plot advancement and comic relief. Oh, it's also kind of dark, due to my adherence to canon. Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters or events and dialogue that parallels Catching Fire . There was a heavy feeling in her stomach as she sat the train to District Eleven. A cool, almost-not-there breeze seemed to blow lightly against her powder-covered face, the chrome doors reflecting her pumpkin-orange wig. Effie Trinket glanced out the window of the dining car, absently flipping through the new issue of a Capitol fashion magazine. Silence buzzed in her ears in an unwelcoming way, making her aware of the fact that she was quite alone. The magazine currently in her hands depicted a picture of Katniss and Peeta, post-victory. The article discussed their romance, speculated on their future, and even questioned rumors of engagement. She couldn't help but read it, despite the fact that she knew very well that she and Peeta were not always "gazing at each with the intensity of a thousand burning suns." In fact, from what she knew they rarely talked. Except on camera. But Effie had seen each of them only briefly. The Victory Tour had kicked off, but the Victors were nowhere to be found. She crossed and uncrossed her legs in the booth. Her tight skirt made it a little bit difficult to sit comfortably, but as soon as she found a decent way to sit contentedly, it became apparent that it was un-ladylike. It also didn't help that she was overly full from the succulent meal a-la-Capitol they had all feasted upon not a half-hour ago, hence the heavy feeling that settled in her stomach. The sun was starting to set as she threw the magazine onto the other side of the plush bench, propping her feet up as well. She slipped her feet out of her heels, rubbing them against the softness of the cushion. Just as her eyes were about to flutter closed, the door opened from across the dining compartment. A soft whoosh shifted the air enough to startle her, and she jumped, slamming her sore feet back into her shoes and standing up stiffly. "Oh," he said, "didn't mean to interrupt your beauty sleep." Haymitch always sounded bitter when he was sober. He started searching around the counter for something— hard liquor, probably . Effie silently grabbed her magazine and started for her room. She was almost to the sliding door when Haymitch stopped her. "If you believe half that shit is true," he said in a low voice, gesturing to her magazine. He was crouched down now to look through lower cabinets. "You're definitely as stupid as you look." The last half of his statement had a pleasant tone, despite his words. Effie looked down only to see that his source of temporary contentment had come from the discovery of a wine bottle. "I'll have you know, that I don't appreciate—" "Yeah, whatever, save it sweetheart," he said sarcastically, brushing past her and walking down the hallway ahead of her. She started after him, but said nothing. He was almost to his compartment when she opened her mouth. "I'll have you know I don't believe any of this is true," she said to him sharply. He stopped on his heels and turned back toward her. "And that's definitely why you're reading it. Because you don't believe it." He rolled his eyes. "No, Haymitch," she said harshly, "And you're really one to judge people, with that bottle of wine in your hand." Haymitch seemed taken aback at her sudden attack, but he recovered quickly, waving the bottle of wine in front of her face. "But you see, I am an alcoholic. You can judge me all you want, sweetheart. I don't give a damn. Think what you want, Trinket, but to me you're always that Capitol figure." Effie held his stare for a long moment, nothing but ice flowing from one set of eyes to another. "Now," Haymitch began, "I'm going to go to my room and get drunk. And you, Trinket, are going to go attend to your schedule and read your Capitol trash." Indignant but unwilling to fight, she hit his shoulder hard as she strut past him, entering her room and praying for silence as she took off the frills and make-up and wig to get ready for bed. Before turning off the light, she opened the window in her compartment and threw the magazine out the window. The small electronic device fits smoothly into the palm of her hand as she reads the rest of the evening's schedule. Her hand is unsteady and she keeps fidgeting in her emerald green dress. This evening her dress is long and her wig is bright and blonde, pinned in the back with an embroidered comb behind her ear. But she stumbles slightly as she walks, still speaking, "…and after the ceremonial dinner there is a cocktail hour." Without thinking, she tosses her palm device onto the couch, a few feet away from her. "And then, thank goodness, we can all get on that train and get out of here." The entire team that represents the District Twelve Victory Tour stands in front of her. Katniss and Peeta both are staring at her with strange looks and Haymitch just sits on the couch, staring at the floor, but it's Cinna who breaks the awkward silence. "Is something wrong, Effie?" he asked. She feeds them all some bullshit story about being treated poorly, manners and all. And even though that they buy and it is mostly true, she knows that it isn't really. Nothing had happened to her and no one had said anything. It was what wasn't being said. She even mentioned the run-in she had had with the Peacekeepers. She doesn't mention that she had been looking for the missing members of the group. Haymitch and Katniss and Peeta were keeping something from her. She was used to being left out of the loop, but at an important moment like this, when she knew that any stupid actions would reflect badly on the entire Twelve team, she wanted to be involved. It was their impression of her, just as Haymitch had said last night. She was just a Capitol figure to him. And to everyone else. She bit her lip as they arrange their entrance into the dinner ceremony. At dinner, her plate is full of delicious food, but her silver fork only picks at it. She is in-between Haymitch and Portia, and neither of them is particularly concerned with talking to her. Haymitch nurses his classy drink, and she knows that if cameras weren't in the room that he'd be content with drinking it in one gulp. She dances with the mayor of Eleven and the district escort, who is a rather handsome Capitol man with a golden rose pinned to his lapel. She stares at it while they twirl around the bright room, and he fills her in on Capitol gossip. Being the escort of a winning district does require devoted time and effort, and Effie should be surprised to learn what she has been missing out on. Except she isn't. Haymitch cuts in after her feet start to become sore. She frowns at him, but her body language insinuates otherwise as they pick up where she and the escort left off. If she was honest with herself, she can't even remember his name. "Bored, sweetheart?" she can smell the liquor on his breath, and she focuses on that to distract herself from her lack of impunity at the moment. "No," she says through her teeth. "Just wondering what is so important that you and Peeta and Katniss can't bother to tell me." Haymitch wrinkles his forehead and shakes his head. "If it was really that important, you would know. After all, you're not just some Capitol figure, right?" The bitterness that courses through her veins makes her want to stomp on his foot, but she keeps her cool. "It doesn't help when you're in a hostile environment," she says icily. "Plus, the fact that you made it necessary for the Peacekeepers to tighten security by disappearing earlier made it harder for me to figure out information the normal way." "The normal way?" "Sneaking around, gossiping, you know," she says, leaning up, "the Capitol way." His face looks as if he had bit something rather sour, and he forcefully dips her as the rest of the dancers do to their partners. It's harder than it needs to be. She winces, but gives no other indication that his vice-like grip is hurting her. "You don't want to know everything, Trinket. If you did, trust me, you'd regret it." His eyes flash with some kind of sadness or flicker of sentiment. "You don't want to be like me." He's recovered. She feels something pull at her stomach and it burns her inside, but she quells it with her mouth pressed in a thin line and her expression gilded. "You think you hate the Capitol because you think we think we're superior—" "You do," he interrupts insistently. "—but the truth is I don't understand why you think that living your life like a caged animal makes us superior. If anything, we have less freedom." His eyes reflect anger and some kind of curiosity that is overshadowed by resentment, but he speaks calmly, albeit sarcastically. "Living in the fear of your children being thrown into an arena to be murdered is definitely the definition of freedom." She bits her lip. "Okay, not what I meant." "Whatever," he spits, "I'm tired of this. You really want to know what happened today, the reason we're not telling you everything?" She glances over her shoulder before she nods, and is face-to-face with Haymitch's mouth. For a moment she is scared that he is going to kiss her as he bends his chin towards the cusp of her ear. His breath tickles her neck as he whispers. "If I'm not too drunk after this, I'll tell you when we get back on the train." Effie is in momentary shock of the closeness of his mouth to any part of her body. Bad manners, she wants to chastise him. But even as she's looking at him now, she knows she can't. Not in front of all these people. They're lucky no one has overheard the conversation they'd been having. She couldn't risk drawing attention to them. Of course, everyone thought she was just a Capitol figure and that he was just a drunk. Maybe they were right. He is too drunk that night, as he stumbles onto the train in front of her. She sees that he gets into his compartment alright, but after that she doesn't linger. She goes to her own room, undresses in front of the mirror. There are two, barely visible scars on her chest. Both are from plastic surgeries that she now regrets. Washing her face roughly, she takes a look back in the mirror without her blonde wig. Her regularly dark brown hair hangs from her head, and she scrutinizes her bare body. Without crying, she slips into her nightdress and turns off the lights. She doesn't sleep. Her thoughts float from mockingjay pins to the Peacekeeper that prodded her with his gun. Her eyes drift closed after the