AU with a high school band and just overall a fun story with every character and a lot of couples, it's a slow build but it will have enough "fun" parts to keep you wanting more. Nico is in a band, Clarisse and Annabeth are together but so are Annabeth and Percy. Percy has mixed feelings about the band, but really just feels something for Nico. Read the story and not the summary. So I (Incubi) have been reading a lot of Percy Jackson fics lately and I decided to start a chaptered story on this account and so I started planning and came up with this, and I even got Succubi on board with this fic so that means that there will be every kind of pairing possible. The two main pairings of this fic will however be Percy/Nico and Clarisse/Annabeth but there will be others, many, many others so no worries. Biggest question, will there smut? And the answer to that would be HELL YEAH! It's us so of course there will be smut, lots and lots of the smut. We would love reviews on this story so that we can make it even better then it has already been planned, also updates will not be planned, they will happen when and if we want them to so don't be hasty readers. This fic will have a lot of songs in it so just so that we're clear, because I will not be saying this again, we do not own those songs nor will we ever, but hey its fun to dream right. Without farther AN's lets get on with the fic We don't own anything; if we did life would have been much more entertaining. Hearts Journey Chapter 1 The Invite The load sound of an alarm going off woke Percy from his slumber, it was Friday and already he wished it could be Saturday but with his luck he had no chance of skipping the day. With a groan he lifted himself out of bed and over to the one bathroom the apartment had, after Gabe his evil, bastard of a step-father disappeared Percy and his mom, Sally, had moved to a new apartment. His mother had to work extra shifts at the dinner she worked at but she did because it was for them and them alone, not for more gambling debts; Percy walked to the small bathroom, a pair of boxer-briefs all that he wore. Coming out of the shower and feeling more awake then before Percy walked to his room with a towel around his waist, he had the apartment all to himself every morning and most nights because his mother worked so much. Reaching his room and picking out clothes to wear Percy lets the towel drop and gets dressed for the day thinking to himself, "just one more week before summer vacation starts". Now dressed and ready for his day Percy heads to the small kitchen and pours himself a bowl of cereal and eats it before heading out to school which he could just walk to since it was close. "Yo Perce wait up" Percy heard the familiar voice of his best friend Grover; the two had been friends since kinder garden. Grover had gotten teased because he liked styling his hair into tiny horns back then and Percy had come to his rescue and they have been friends ever since. "Morning Grover, where's Juniper, isn't she walking with us today?" Grover looked at him and said, "nah she had some family stuff to deal with, her aunt is sick and she and her family left this morning and won't be back until sometime next week", Percy could see that the absence of his girlfriend made his friend sad so he quickly thought of a way to cheer him up, and found one. "Annabeth wants us to go check out the Half-Bloods, our schools band tonight. You can come with us if you want" Percy said; the boy did not really want to go, but his girlfriend Annabeth did, she was obsessed with the band and he had no idea why, they only sang covers. Another reason Percy did not really like the band was because at Olympus High, the Half-Bloods were more famous then any sports team, and it was the Half-Bloods that brought in all the big donations that paid for the sports teams; being on the swim team, one of the three major sports at Olympus High Percy knew how it felt to be treated like a nobody when the Half-Bloods came walking down the hall, even his own girlfriend liked them more then him. "Hello, earth to Percy. Come in please Percy" Grover waved his hand in front of his friends face, Percy was startled back to reality, "sorry, I spaced out. I was just thinking about Annabeth" Percy lied, well short of. Grover gave him a look like he knew Percy was lying but he did not press his best friend for answers. "I was saying before you decided to check out the moon again that I would like to come with you and Annabeth to see the Half-Bloods, thanks" Grover looked at his friend as he talked, he knew Percy hated, no hate is too strong a word for it. He knew Percy disliked the band and that he disliked that his girlfriend seemed to like the band more then him, because she never missed a show, never. "Cool, I'll see you later then and tell you where to meet us" Percy said as they reached the school. They parted ways to go and get ready for class. Percy walked towards his locker and saw Annabeth waiting for him, but she was not alone; Clarisse was with her and the two seemed to be talking about something they did not want everybody to hear about. Upon seeing Percy walking towards them Clarisse left after throwing him a glare that pissed him off, the girl hated him and he did not know why, because he has never spoken to her, and he tried once only to wake up in the nurses office, but that was two years ago. "What was that about?" Percy asked Annabeth who looked a little guilty but quickly shook it off saying, "she wanted to know if I could help out with some math tutoring, and I said that I would think about it. It's hard being the smartest kid in school you know" Percy looked at her before moving in for a kiss, though Annabeth moved so that it landed on her cheek instead of on her lips. Clarisse looked at the display from the other end of the hall and she clenched her fists in anger. The day went by as normal till lunch time, class after class Percy tried to learn something but his thoughts kept going back to Annabeth and the kiss she dodged. It bothered him, more so then his other problems, namely the English project that was being handed to him and the rest of the class to do. Walking from class Percy saw the four members of the Half-Bloods walking down the hall talking to each other. The members were, Clarisse La Rue, Silena Beauregard, Thalia Grace and Nico di Angelo. Those four quickly rose to the top of the social ladder after forming their band and bring in money for the many clubs and groups in the school; it also did not hurt their reputation that they were extremely good, even if they only sang covers. Percy did not know any of them really, aside from Clarisse who keeps hanging around Annabeth and then of course Thalia who was an old friend of Annabeth's though Percy never did get to hear how the two became friends. Annabeth walks over to her boyfriend and latches herself to his arm and looks at him as he stares at the band members, she knew that he disliked them and that he didn't really want to go with her tonight but that he would because he was Percy Jackson, number one good guy in school. "What's wrong, you look bothered?" Annabeth asked when Percy made move to, well move when she latched onto him. Percy gave her a look before returning his gaze back to the band members who had just passed the couple, "I just don't get them, their at the top and yet they don't talk or hang out with anybody else besides themselves, it's weird isn't it?" Percy asked as he looked at the backs of the Half-Bloods. "Maybe they don't want to be on top or they just don't like other people" Grover said as he appeared on the other side of Percy. The trio walked into the cafeteria and over to the lunch line to get their food before going to their table over by the east windows, which looked out at the front of school from the second floor. This table is where Percy and Annabeth had first met and it was also where Percy had first asked out the curly blond; after all that happened at the table it just became theirs and the student body accepted it that way as well, mostly because the swim team was second on the list of most famous groups at Olympus High. "oh Percy I wanted to tell you that I run into Clarisse before meeting up with you, and she asked if I could tutor her this weekend for that test on Monday, I hope it's alright that I help her" Annabeth said as soon as the group sat down, Percy however was not all that happy about hearing his girlfriend say that she was not going to be hanging out with him this weekend, and he had even made plans. Percy's mom was going to be working late all weekend long and he had wanted to spend some alone time with Annabeth, they have been dating for a year now and Annabeth never showed any interest in taking their relationship any farther, which meant no sex for the horny teenager. Percy might have liked blue more then most people but he hated something blue, he hated blue balls. The Half-Bloods came walking in after a while and moved to go sit at their table on the other side of the cafeteria, Percy eyed them as Annabeth talked on about how she would make some time for him during summer, Grover on the other hand just looked at his best friend and then at what was taking his attention away from them, he wasn't the smartest guy at school but he knew Percy and he knew that look that Percy was giving the band, he just needed to figure out who that look was for. "Why do you think everyone here likes them so much but out right ignores them most of the time?" Percy suddenly asked, Annabeth stoped talking when Percy interrupted her in the middle of her talking about how her science class went, step by step. "I think people don't really care as long as they keep bringing in money for the school, and with all the gigs they get booked for in this town they will have a very long reign as the top dogs at this school" Grover finally spoke up, he wanted to get in a say before Annabeth could, something about her bothered him these days. This couple really did have an obsession with the Half-Bloods. Silena watched from their table as Percy, Annabeth and Grover talked; she had been noticing how both Annabeth and Percy had been watching them, Annabeth longer and more often then the other, but she knew Annabeth's reason. Silena had found out about six months ago that Annabeth was dating Clarisse and has only been using the poor boy to hide that fact, but what she wanted to know was why that very same boy would keep sneaking glances at