A/N: A lot of people wondered who Ari was, so here's her story. :) Disclaimer: I do NOT own LOTRs. Be thankful I don't. lol It was a beautiful sunny warm afternoon when the King's wife gave birth to a beautiful baby girl. It may not have been a boy but she was the world to this man. "What should we name her, darling?" King Julio asked his wife Rebena, who held the infant girl in her arms. "If she had been a boy we would have named him Ari, why not Arianna?" Rebena suggested smiling down at her little baby. Julio nodded pleased, "Ari for short, yes I like that name, it seems to suit this little one." Several weeks went by without event, until tragedy struck Julio's family. Rebena, had been kidnapped, there was no trace of her anywhere. Julio had been left to raise their daughter alone. Six very short years later, "Daddy, Gandy is here!" Arianna shouted as she ran into her father's study. For a princess Arianna did not act like one. "Oh is he really? It's about time he came. Min if you wouldn't mind." he said as he nodded towards Ari. The governess Min only nodded her head then turned around and smiled before the little girl. "Come on little princess! It's time for your studies." "No!" Ari protested. "Now, now, Papa has work to be done." "No! I want to stay down here and see Gandy." Arianna pouted. "Hey, now you look just like the dog when he's hungry. Now come on then!" She whispered as she picked Ari up and carried her up the stairs to her bedroom. "Ah Gandalf, how good it is to see you!" Julio greeted as his old friend entered through the threshold. "And you my friend. How is young Arianna? Has she discovered her-" "No, she hasn't. But I'm telling you Gandalf you're wrong about her!" Julio finished firmly. "I'm never wrong, old friend. Her abilities will begin to grow and show themselves as seeds do in a garden." Gandalf said patting Julio on the shoulder. "Well then shall I call for some tea?" Julio asked smiling. "Hm, yes." Gandalf nodded. Several hours later at dusk Gandalf was leaving. Julio would have loved for him to stay with them for the night but Gandalf insisted there would be other times for that. "Good bye Gandy!" Ari said as she waved goodbye. "Good bye young one." Gandalf said patting her on the head. He shook Julio's hand then strode out the castle to retrieve his horse. "Now, young lady I believe it is past your bedtime!" he said when he grabbed her tiny waist and swung her around. Arianna squealed with laughter, "Stop!" she cried through her giggles. Julio obliged and carried her to bed, Ari was still softly giggling. After tucking her in, and singing her a lullaby, he kissed her on her temple and whispered, "Sweet dreams my angel." As he retreated down to his office he ran into Min who smiled and said, "She's looking more and more like her mother copper brown locks and nose, but Julio. She has your ocean blue eyes." "I know it." He smiled then turned into his office. The next morning, was Arianna's seventh birthday. Her father had declared that she could do anything she wished within certain limits. Julio had also dedicated the day to spending time with his daughter, "Happy birthday my sweet Ari!" he exclaimed when Ari showed up for breakfast. "Thank you daddy!" Ari said smiling. She curtsied then sat down and ate her food, it was without a doubt she also had his smile too. "So what do you want to do today princess?" he asked as breakfast was being cleared away. "Can we go riding on Brél and Shane today?" Ari asked enthusiastically. "Sure, anything for you angel." An hour later they were riding through the meadows of Julio's kingdom. "Ari, wait up!" Julio called after his daughter, who was riding far ahead, "Come on Brél faster!" Ari said giggling. Brél obliged but soon Ari could not hear Shane's running canter, "Daddy?" Ari said worried. She looked around but could not see her father anywhere. She heard a scream of pain, Ari expertly jumped off Brél and started running to the hill, her father lay there still. "Daddy!" she screamed, as she ran to his motionless body. He was barely breathing, an arrow was stuck in his left shoulder, and blood had already soaked the surrounding clothing. "Ari...Be strong I love…I love you. Trust only those closest to you." Julio said and then as his breathing slowly decreased he said, "Find Aragorn or...Gandalf, they will protect you." Then he died. "I will daddy I will." Ari started to cry then she saw Gandalf riding up in the distance. "Gandy, Daddy needs help!" She shouted at the top of her lungs. Gandalf saw her and Shadowfax, his horse ran towards her. When he saw Julio's dead body, he jumped off Shadowfax took a few things off Julio's person then he said abruptly "Arianna, come with me! They aren't gone yet." Gandalf stowed away whatever it was he got from Julio's body in his cloak, and then he hoisted Ari up onto his friend's back. "Why aren't you helping, Daddy? He needs your help!" she cried. Gandalf looked solemnly at her, "It's too late, child." But Ari was too young to know what these words meant. Gandalf pulled out some parchment and a sharpened piece of charcoal, he wrote down a few things then stuck it into Shane's saddle, Gandalf slapped the horse's rear end and Shane ran off back towards the city. "What about Brél?" Ari asked timidly from atop Shadowfax. "Not now, child. Shadowfax take us away from here." He said to the white stallion as he mounted. "But Gandy, where are we going!" she squealed. She had never been on a horse that went this fast. "To meet with a friend." he said as calmly as if they were not moving at all. Ari was confused, where did that mean? At dusk Gandalf made camp near a brook, "Well, we've made it to the border of Gondor." said Gandalf with a sigh, "We still have much more ground to cover tomorrow." Gandalf laid out Ari's bed for her, "Go to sleep Arianna, please." he said firmly, while he tucked her away in the blanket. Then Gandalf got his own blanket and started to lay it out. "Who are we meeting in the forest?" Ari asked as she sat up. Gandalf rolled his eyes and thought, 'How in the world did Julio keep up with all of her questions!' "Arianna, please go to sleep." "You can call me Ari!" she said perkily, "Daddy always used to call me that!" "Well I'm not your father now go...to sleep." Gandalf said as he drifted off into slumber in his own makeshift bed. "Humph." Ari grunted annoyed. Early the next morning, while Ari was still sleeping Gandalf packed everything up then mounted Shadowfax with Ari snuggled up in her blanket, and then they were off. In Ari's dreams she was flying, if she had been awake it would have seemed that way too. Ari woke with a start, she was leaning against a tree, but she didn't know why. She heard some whispering on the other side of the tree. So she stood up and walked around the tree to find Gandalf and Aragorn sitting around the flames. "Aragorn!" Ari smiled running over to her Godfather. Aragorn chuckled and lifted her up onto his lap, "Hello Ari." He said smiling. "Are you hungry?" asked Gandalf, poking the flames. Ari shook her head then laid her head against Aragorn's chest. Gandalf smiled, then Aragorn continued their conversation, "Gandalf, tell me about the new-" he glanced at Ari, "developments." Gandalf pulled out his pipe, "Not much to report." Gandalf said grimly. Gandalf blew some smoke in the shape of a gorgeous boat, Ari was intimidated, and she watched it until it faded away. "Wow Gandy! That was beautiful!" she exclaimed, she smiled so big you would never have thought her father had died just a day before. "Come Arianna, its past your bedtime!" Gandalf said, eyeing the small child. "But I just woke up Gandy…May I at least have something to eat...Please?" she said pouting cutely. "Fine, but then its bed for you little one." He said dipping some soup into a bowl for her, once she received it she sat down next to the flames, she ate slowly so she could listen in. Once she had finished Ari handed her utensils to Gandalf, and he cleaned it with magic, Ari gaped, "How did you do that? Can you teach me?" she asked yawning. "Maybe some other time, young lady." he winked at Ari, "Now go keep your end of the deal and go to bed!" he chuckled. Ari nodded, hugged the two men good night then went to her makeshift bed. "She's very strong. Seeing how she just lost her father." said Aragorn as Ari went back to her bed around the tree. "Yes, indeed. I believe it still hasn't sunken in yet he's dead. She shows skill and promise to working a blade and bow." Aragorn smiled, "That she does, especially in the skill of persuasion." Gandalf laughed. Aragorn stood. "I'm heading off to sleep now unless you wish me to take the first watch." "No, no. I'll take it." The next morning before Ari woke the two friends conversed while making their breakfast. "Gandalf, where are you taking her?" Aragorn asked. "Rohan, Arianna is going to live there." Gandalf said, adding wood to the hungry flames. "Permanently?" Aragorn asked. Ari woke up; she heard voices so she snuggled in the blanket and listened. "Yes. I don't have time to raise a child." Gandalf said, wiping his hands. Aragorn did not look pleased. "Are you sure that's the best place for her?" he said with a concerned look on his face. "Why not the elves, they will keep her safe and educate her about her abilities to the best of their knowledge!" "I must make haste for the council! Taking her all the way to Rivendell, Mirkwood or Lorien would take too long." The old man explained. "I'm headed for Rivendell let me take her!" "Aragorn, do you really want a headstrong child on your hands? She should come with me to Rohan." Gandalf said firmly. "She'll be rejected there!" Aragorn argued. Ari started to cry softly. "Maybe she will maybe she won't." Gandalf said, flipping over the eggs. "Let us let her decide what she wants." Aragorn protested. "Stop it! Both of you!" cried Ari, as she jumped into view. "Ari, I can explain...We-" Gandalf began. "I know what you were doing. Fighting over where I should go like I can't decide for myself!" shouted Ari. Aragorn kneeled in front of her, "Ari, would you like to stay with the elves or the people of Rohan?" he asked gently. "Elves are real!" gasped Ari. "Yes, they are." Aragorn chuckled. "Daddy told me about them many times! Can I go stay with them?" she asked with wide eyes. Aragorn pulled her close and whispered in her ear, "Go ask Gandalf." Then he pulled himself away from her and winked. She winked back then walked over to Gandalf, took his hand then asked sweetly, "Gandy, may I go with Aragorn to see the elves?" Gandalf rolled his eyes, sighed then said with a touch of annoyance, "If you must." "Thank you Gandy" Ari exclaimed hugging him tightly around the legs. "Aragorn, Aragorn he said yes!" she said running back over to him. "Good, go get your things." He instructed, trying not to laugh. Ari nodded, then ran behind the tree and grabbed her belongings. She took her small cape and swung it around her neck. Finally she walked over to Shadowfax and whispered in his ear,