A/N: Assuming I'm successful, this will be an epic-length story, AU after OotP. It encompasses the trio's 6th year and continues onward through the rest of the war. There will be character death, abuse, assault, and many other triggers. If these will cause you true discomfort, please stop reading here. The focus of this story will be on the characters and their journeys, so call it drama/adventure, I suppose. There will be pairings, but they won't be the point of the plot, and I will not reveal them in advance. They will develop quite a while into the story. I will try to update once weekly, as I'm already a ways into this. Please review with any thoughts/comments. This is beta'd only by myself, so any spelling or glaring grammatical errors that you notice, please go ahead and point out. (Eventually, I'll need a Brit-picker, I suppose, as I'm an American gal.) And now, we begin. The Paths We Tread Prologue: Small Steps Spiraling Down Somewhere in England July 27 th , 1996 " Exxxcellent," the sibilant voice echoed in the darkness. Pettigrew trembled, his knees sore and his throat dry, as his lord sat with his eyes closed, a gentle smile on his face. The giant snake slithered past, brushing against his back, and he grimaced as his stomach turned. Images flashed through his mind, him turned into a rat and running in the darkness, snarling and hissing echoing behind him from different directions – hunted by his old friend from one direction, by his master's pet from another. He shook his head as another voice brought him back to present, Lucius Malfoy's drawling tones echoing through the darkened room. "I quite thought so, my Lord," the disgraced aristocrat murmured softly. He stood by the fire, his face half-turned away from the Dark Lord, his hair gleaning in the firelight fresh from a shower. It had been perhaps two hours since he had been broken from Azkaban, the Dementors quickly eliminating all human guards. He had gone to Voldemort first, of course, then straight into the bath before speaking with anyone else. He stood regal and proud, a muscle in his jaw twitching every so often. "With the allies of Potter eliminated," he continued, "the boy will blame himself and spiral into depression. Draco tells me the boy is prone to melancholy and self-loathing as it is, it shan't take much to push him over the edge. A handful of his friends, dead and with messages left for him, should do the trick just fine." "And you see no place," Dolohov questioned sharply, "for any of his friends among our ranks? Children they are, certainly, but some are... talented. " A sick smile twisted his darkened features, and his tongue darted out and wet his lips quickly. Pettigrew suppressed a shudder. The man had been obsessed with young Hermione Granger since that day in the Ministry, speaking often of how musical he thought her screams. He wanted, quite desperately, to have her in his grasp again. Malfoy sneered. "Which would you take? Only the Weasley brats and Longbottom are of acceptable stock, and even then, their parents were the enemy. Besides, they are," he added in a tone of grudging respect, " loyal little things. Only the Imperius curse would sway them. And unwilling servants are vexing . " Dolohov made a noise of dissent as Voldemort nodded thoughtfully. "Potter had a gift for inspiring loyalty," he said simply. "His father was much the same, would you not agree, Wormtail?" He smirked down at the cowering man, his red eyes flashing. James , Wormtail thought brokenly, shaking his head. "No," Voldemort continued. "I suppose you wouldn't know much about loyalty, would you, my traitorous friend?" Red eyes glared across the room to where Malfoy and Dolohov stood. "Capture the Mudblood and the Weasley girl alive," he instructed. "We shall use them to send Potter a more – poignant message. Exterminate the rest, every last family member of his Inner Circle . Be ready to move on Halloween." Malfoy nodded sharply and Dolohov grinned. Both men swept from the room, Malfoy whipping Pettigrew with his cloak as he passed. "Oh, and Dolohov?" Voldemort called softly, the man freezing instantly in the doorway. Voldemort smiled again, that obscene fatherly smile. "Bring the Mudblood girl to me untouched , or I shall know." Dolohov scowled, but bowed slightly at the waist, and turned on his heel. Hundreds of miles away, Harry Potter woke with a start. Granger Household London, England July 27th, 1996 Being home felt strange. Hermione sat curled in her window seat, a book propped open on her knees. The only source of light was a small ornate lamp sitting on her bedside table, and the only sound, the steady rain that fell outside the window. Night would fall soon, and she hadn't seen the sun peek out once all day. She shivered, pulling her light shawl closer around her shoulders, and leaned her forehead against the glass. Pain flared in her midsection again and she grimaced, taking slow, deep breaths as she fought the suddenly increasing heat in her veins. Ironic, really, that when Dolohov had attacked her, he had gone for her blood. The Entrail-Expelling curse, while nasty and lethal if he'd been successful, was the less insidious thing he had done to her. Not for the first time, she questioned her decision to keep the boys ( her boys , part of her mind cried) in the dark. You should tell , her traitorous mind whispered. They have a right to know you're going to - "Hermione?" She turned her head slowly, the action jarring her neck and causing her to wince. Her mother stood in the doorway, that ever-present look of sadness and fear on her face. Emma Granger, Hermione reflected, had never been good at hiding her thoughts. Finally, she thought with an angry snort, her parents understood what their daughter faced day in and day out, what she had walked into when she joined the wizarding world all those years before. A sneer curled across the face of the man standing at her mother's right shoulder, as he stared straight into her eyes as if he could hear her self-pitying diatribe. With a slight flinch, she forced down her pain and fear, and straightened her spine, her chin lifting and a slight – though forced – smile teasing at the corner of her lips. A flash of something almost like approval lit Snape's black eyes and Hermione bit back a smirk. The potions master stepped around the two women still hovering in the doorway, crossing the room to sit at Hermione's desk. He reached into his crossbody bag and began pulling out flask after flask, and Hermione forced her face to remain blank as she watched him set each one carefully on the wooden surface. The rain began lashing harder at the windows as he retrieved the tenth vial, and her mother and Madam Pomfrey stepped fully into the room. Sharing a not-so-subtle glance of concern, Emma sat gingerly on the corner of Hermione's bed as Madam Pomfrey knelt before the teen. The matron drew her wand and began murmuring incantations under her breath, numbers appearing and floating in the air around them. As she pressed her hand to Hermione's forehead, feeling for fever or chill, she and Snape frowned at the numbers shimmering around her form. "The toxicity isn't decreasing," Pomfrey muttered as Snape rose from his chair, flicking his wand and making an IV setup appear in the room. Hermione grimaced, shrugging out of her shawl and rolling up her sleeve, as her mother gave her a watery smile. "But it hasn't risen," Snape replied smoothly, giving Hermione, and then Emma, a pointed look. " Something we're doing is working, at least in part." "The transfusions?" Emma Granger asked quietly, and Hermione scoffed under her breath. Her parents would both prefer to believe that it was the blood transfusions that were combating her condition, as it seemed much more "normal" to them. They could understand it, unlike all the charms and potions. Idly, she wondered if they would still be comforted if they knew all that was added to the blood that was being given her. As if on cue, Snape smirked slightly, picking up the small vial which held only slightly glittering, transparent liquid. With a steady hand, he poured three drops into the IV bag, followed by a ruby red, viscous liquid. Leaning forward, he attached one end of the IV to Hermione's arm, then tapped his wand to the bag. As was now a regular practice, Hermione conjured a mirror to float in front of her face, so she could watch the transfusion begin to do its work. She was hideous, she thought blankly, as the tingling began in her arm. Her face was tinged with blue, her veins all standing out in stark relief against her skin. Glancing down at her arm, she watched the progression of the fluids through her veins, the slight golden light emanating from within her skin. Slowly, it coursed throughout her body, the blue tinge fading and her veins, while still visible, now less prominent under her slightly-warmed flesh. All in all, the process took roughly twenty minutes. Hermione sat perfectly still, watching her face in the mirror, and watching as her eyes slowly turned back from the bloodshot red they had been, to her normal coffee-brown. She ignored the soft pings of magic as the numbers floating around her form slowly dropped, she ignored her mother's soft whispering with Pomfrey; all but her skin regaining warmth and color escaped her notice. When the IV bag was empty, and the glow had faded, it was Snape who gently removed the IV tube from her arm, and Snape who vanished the contraption. Pomfrey bustled around her, taking reading after reading, before finally proclaiming the transfusion a success yet again. The matron handed the teen a small vial from Snape's collection, and she knocked the potion back with a cringe. Instantly, the slight lingering fuzziness in her head began to clear. Her task complete, the mediwitch patted Hermione's hand gently, then turned and left the room, Emma hesitating only a moment before following. The moment they had gone, Snape pointed his wand at the door and closed it with a sharp thud . Hermione was silent for several moments, but finally, she spoke. One hand toying with the edge of her shawl, now wrapped around her again, she said softly, "I'm not ready for this." Snape resumed his seat at her desk, watching her with dark eyes, seemingly considering his response. Finally, he offered, "You could tell them. Fools though they are, much as they vex me, they would support you." He had an expression on his face as if he couldn't believe what he had just said, and Hermione couldn't help but laugh – somehow, he managed to make support sound like a dirty word. "I don't want anyone's pity," she said staunchly. "Madam Pomfrey and my parents, Professor McGonagall, they're all bad enough. I can't bear - " She trailed off despondently, and Snape said nothing. With a sigh, she rubbed at her eyes tiredly, and Snape let out an uncomfortable cough at the sign of weakness. "To be truthful, news of your infirmity spreading would be disastrous," he murmured finally. "Yet the energy you will have to expend to maintain the glamours – " "I can handle it," she replied stubbornly, and the corner of his mouth lifted in an almost-grin. "Yes," he replied, "I daresay you can. I simply wish - " "No!" she said sharply. "I've just told you, I want NO pity." This time, he did smile. "The dreaded potions master, feeling pity for a Gryffindor brat?" he murmured snidely, and Hermione chuckled again. "Very well, practice," he said, raising an eyebrow. Hermione took a deep breath, nodded, and