She closed the oven with a flourish and turned to peak out of the doorway that led to the main shop. She smiled seeing her little boy taking customer orders — he worked the til better than her sixteen year old employee and he was only five. At any rate, the customers simply adored him and often preferred to have simple orders taken by the little boy. He handed over a box of cupcakes to a woman Lily knew back from school (though the two were never close) "Bye bye, Miss Mary!", and then he picked up his pencil and started colouring again. "Harry! Mummy's just going upstairs to grab some things. Shout out if you need me!" Not wasting any time, she quickly went up the stairs, two at a time, and unlocked her storeroom. She didn't like leaving Harry at the front on his own, but she'd only be a couple minutes. She cursed Sara for being late. Again. She quickly pulled a milk crate out and started piling in ingredients; three bags of flour, two tins of chocolate cocoa, a bottle of vanilla essence and two bags of brown sugar. She heaved it up and made her way back downstairs, making sure to lock the storeroom again. Her ears pricked up at the sound of a loud, mean sounding voice as she was halfway down the stairs. "I want to speak to an adult!" the man demanded. "Mummy will be back in a minute," she heard Harry say but his voice sounded small. "Go get her! Now!" "I'm not supposed to leave the front," he mumbled and Lily hit the bottom stair. She dumped the crate on the bench and started making her way out but the timer went off. Cursing she started for the oven. "Didn't you hear me, boy?" the man barked. "Now!" he demanded. Fury built up in Lily. How dare he talk to her son like that? And she banged the tray of muffins onto the counter before storming out. "How dare you speak to my son like that?" she spat as another customer said, "Woah, leave him alone! Can't you see he's just a kid? I'm sure the owner will be out in a moment." "Mama!" Harry jumped up and clung to her leg and she ruffled his messy black hair. "What kind of establishment do you think you're running? Leaving a child to man the store whilst you're off god knows where!" Lily glared at the man. "I was in the stockroom grabbing supplies. Was there a problem?" Lily said coolly. If he expected her to be polite after the way he'd spoken to her son, he had another thing coming. "I want a blueberry muffin," he said throwing a five pound bill onto the counter. "Mama, we don't have any blueberry left. Mrs Tabby came in this morning and bought them all. I told him that but he wouldn't listen." "You're quite right, Harry," Lily said despite the fact that she had just pulled out a tray of blueberry muffins a minute ago, "We are out of blueberry muffins." Harry poked his tongue out at the man and Lily saw the other customers smirk. "This is ridiculous. How can a bakery be out of blueberry muffins?" he huffed. "I am only one person and as you see, I offer a variety of cakes and breads, not just muffins. I suggest apple crumble or the raspberry." Lily grudgingly served the customer a raspberry muffin to go and picked Harry up once the man had left. "You okay, love?" Harry nodded and Lily turned her attention back to her customers. She was now met with the man who had defended Harry and she smiled sheepishly. "Thank you, for stepping in." "Not at all," he smiled. Getting over her embarrassment (for she had nothing to be embarrassed about), she looked at him properly. He had a hurricane of hair on his head and round glasses with a black rim sat in front of happy hazel eyes. "What can I get for you today?" "Er, well actually I wanted a blueberry muffin but seeing as you don't-" "We do," Lily assured him. "Fresh out of the oven." The man smirked. "I wouldn't have given them to him either." "Yes, well, he was quite rude." To my son ! "He was," the man agreed. "I'll take four blueberry muffins then, if you've got them." "We do," Lily assured him again, she started pressing numbers on the till, "Four?" "Mmmhmm. I own the coffee shop next door," a hint of pride in his voice. "I managed to straggle my three mates into helping me out this morning. Thought I'd give them a treat." "You don't sell cakes?" Lily asked raising an eyebrow. "That's 18 quid, please." "Er, well that's the other reason why I stopped by today." Lily looked at him questioningly. "Wanted to see if your cakes were any good and if we could strike up a business arrangement." That definitely got Lily's attention. She put Harry down. She'd never had another business interested in selling her cakes. "Oh?" "Yeah just an assortment of things, every morning. Muffins, cookies and the like. You know, coffee shop stuff," he shrugged. "Well in that case, Harry, why don't you prepare Mr …" "Potter but you can call me James." "Harry, why don't you prepare James a box of all your favourites and I'll get the muffins," she smiled. He handed her the eighteen pounds for the muffins and she deposited it into the till before going back into the kitchen to bring out the tray of fresh muffins. "How much for the extra stuff?" he asked. "Don't be ridiculous," Lily waved off, "Consider it a welcome to the street gift. I was meant to send one over yesterday but I was unexpectedly short staffed at the last moment and couldn't grab a spare moment to come over." "Are you sure? Those look delicious," he said. She looked over where Harry was using tongs to carefully grab different cakes and breads. "I'm sure," Lily smiled. "So what made you move to Nottinghill?" "How do you know I'm not from here?" "Your accent. Definitely a Londoner." "Got me," he grinned and then he shrugged. "My mate, Sirius was moving up to open a bar so I decided to move with him and then one day I drove past this street, saw the empty vacancy and I just knew I had to open a coffee shop." Lily smiled, "Just like that?" "Just like that," James agreed. "What about you? You've got a pretty nice set up here." "It was slow in the beginning but I got there eventually. Harry's older now, so it's easier. When he was a baby I only opened four days a week but now it's seven and I can afford two casual employees." Lily shrugged. "It's a nice spot." It struck Lily that she hadn't introduced herself yet. "I'm Lily Evans, by the way and my son, Harry." Harry tugged on his mum's apron, holding up the box. "All done!" he grinned. "Good job," Lily gave him a high-five. She grabbed the two boxes and placed them into a bag and turned back to James, who looked at Harry adoringly. "It was nice to meet you, James." "You too, Lily," he smiled and Lily smiled back. "I, er, better get going before they start demanding over time." Lily chuckled. "See you later." "Bye," he said and he walked out. "I liked him, mama." "He was very nice, wasn't he?" Lily mused, not to mention good looking. Harry agreed. "Okay, so what's next on the list?" Lily piped and Harry grabbed the clipboard under the counter and slowly started reading off the orders that needed to be made for this afternoon. Lily was pleasantly surprised when Sara walked in — two and a half hours late. "Traffic, was there?" Lily called out as Sara put on her apron. She didn't get a reply but Harry did come and help her in the kitchen now since Sara was at the front. Lily was even more pleasantly surprised when James made a return at around lunch time. "May I speak to Lily, please?" she heard him ask Sara. "Evans!" she shouted and Lily rolled her eyes. "Don't touch anything you're not supposed to," Lily warned Harry, wiping her hands on her apron as she stepped out. "James," she greeted. "Prongs, I'm telling you play it cool," a black haired man whispered next to him and Lily quirked an eyebrow. "Shut it, Pads," James muttered. "Lily. About that business offer," he said, "We loved your cakes." Lily smiled, "Glad to hear it. Do you want to come to my office?" "That'd be great. Sirius, will you go back next door? Peter can't make coffee to save his life and Moony is only slightly better." "What if she rips you off?" Sirius said suspiciously and James glared at him. "I'm a big boy, Padfoot." "Then why are you paying twenty cents extra per coffee bag?" "Because they're a better brand," James said calmly, like he'd explained it a thousand times. "That doesn't explain why the coffees aren't twenty cents more expensive." "Sirius, I say this in a loving way but please for the love of god, get the fuck out." Sirius huffed and threw up his hands and stormed out muttering to himself and James sighed, turning back to Lily. "Sorry about him. He's got a flare for the dramatics." "It's okay," Lily smiled, "Come on around." Lily waited for James to come behind the counter and then led him through the kitchen. She told Harry to stay up front with Sara as they passed through and went up the stairs. She unlocked her office and flicked the lights on. It wasn't much, just a desk with a computer and two chairs, a couch against the wall. "Er, please, sit." James sat on the chair as she sat in hers on the other side of the desk. "So what would you be wanting every day?" "Hmm?" "For the order," Lily clarified. "Oh, yes. That. Er, well like I said before, an assortment of things. Banana bread, muffins, cookies — you know those pastry cone things with the chocolate mousse inside-" "Cannoli." "Yes, those! They were absolutely delightful! And the chocolate bread thing." "Hot cross bun," Lily supplied, amused. "Yes! Amazing just everything," James admitted. Lily smiled, "Well, thank you. Look how about I start off with a few things, we'll experiment and see what works well at the cafe and then we'll strike up a deal, say in two weeks where we'll have a better idea about numbers and variety?" James grinned, "That'd be fantastic." So every morning Lily found herself sending Harry over with a large box of assorted breads and cakes with a receipt and Harry would come back with the money in an envelope and a coffee and a hot chocolate. Despite the promise to strike up a more formal deal after two weeks, neither seemed bothered by the way things were going and so it continued in the same way. James and Lily hadn't seen each other in almost a month — both of them too busy to pop over — and so it was with apprehension that Lily entered the coffee shop one Tuesday morning. The coffee shop was nice. It had a rustic vibe with hardwood floors that hadn't been polished and steel beams that ran overhead. At the back there was a stairwell that led to a loft where some tables and a lounge sat. The kitchens could be seen right down the back through a large open window, underneath the loft and to the left was the bar where she saw James making coffee orders. She glanced around. About five tables were occupied but most of them already had coffee cups out. That made her feel better for what she was about to