The story of Lily Evans and the story of James Potter were quite different. James Potter was, by all means, superior, in wealth and in blood, if you believed in that sort of thing. Lily Evans was, by all means, inferior, in wealth and in blood, if you believed in that sort of thing. Lucky for them, neither James nor Lily believed in that sort of thing and in a world that was being divided by those very constraints, it was a pretty important thing to agree upon. You see, James Potter and Lily Evans hardly agreed on anything, ever but for this, the biggest battle of their lives, they agreed. The only problem was, neither was aware of the other. At least not like that. They had their own battles to fight. Lily Evans was seventeen years old, an orphan and, precariously, homeless. James Potter was seventeen years old, caring for his ailing parents and planned to do nothing extraordinary for the summer ahead. This is the story of Lily Evans and the story of James Potter and how it became to be the story of James and Lily Potter, the couple who saved the world and it all began in the summer of '77. — She would not cry. She refused. Sitting on her trunk outside of the hotel where her sister had just left with her new husband, Lily Evans refused to cry. She couldn't pin point the moment her life had decided to turn to crap. Maybe at the end of fifth year when her supposed best mate decided to call her the worst slur someone like Lily could be called. Or maybe it was when she started school in sixth year and realised that whilst a lot of people were happy to chat to Lily, she didn't really have friends . Or maybe it was six months ago when she was pulled out of Charms by Professor McGonagall who told her, that Mr and Mrs Evans had perished in a house fire that morning. Or maybe it was the realisation that Petunia had no reason to stay an Evans anymore. She had her perfect fiancé, her perfect life where there was no room for a witch or even for her own sister. Lily closed her eyes, the tears truly threatening to drop. No, she couldn't pin point the exact moment, all she knew was that she had nowhere to go, nowhere to stay but she had to go somewhere. She couldn't stay here where the bell boy glanced at the peculiar girl with thick red hair twisted into a particularly uncomfortable style in a pale blue dress sitting on a trunk that had the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry crest stitched into it. She needed somewhere to go and there was only one place she could think of. She trudged, lugging her trunk, to a quiet street where she stuck her wand out. A bus appeared a moment later. "To The Leaky Cauldron, please." — He would not cry. He refused. Sitting on the couch in the drawing room, away from the bedroom where he could hear his mother's distressed cries where the healer tried to calm her, James Potter refused to cry. It wasn't like he hadn't known this was coming. His parents had always been older than the other parents, having almost twenty years over his best mate's parents (as shitty as they were). He'd always known but he never expected this . He never expected that there would be days when his mother would become distressed at the sight of him because she didn't know who he was. Nor did he expect to hear his father rattle on about his Hogwarts days to James as though James was his best mate rather than his son. And there were things, things a child shouldn't know about their parents and Fleamont Potter managed to cross that line about four times a day. He never expected that he'd have to hire, not one but two, full-time healers to help care for them (though only one stayed over night). No, these were not the things James had expected and yet here he was in his room, refusing to let the tears fall. Of course, his mates helped. Sirius Black, Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew. James honestly didn't know what he'd do without the lot of them. Probably lose his mind like his parents had. James wished he could leave. Escape to, well, anywhere that wasn't this house. The African Safari for all he cared. He wanted to leave and never come back. To forget that his parents would keep forgetting until they died. It's not like they'd know. His father couldn't remember if it was lunch, breakfast or dinner most of the time. One time claiming at nine in the evening that the sunrise was beautiful. His mother drifted between asking him who he was to calling him 'Eugene', her twin brother whom passed away when James was barely one. It was, in every sense, a damn nightmare. But he couldn't just leave. Not forever. But he could leave for the night. "Jenna! I'm going out for a bit," James shouted out. He could practically hear Jenna scowl. "What do I care? I'm not your mother." Did he mention that the healers weren't particularly friendly? "Where are you going, Jenson?" his father asked as he passed his father's study. James breathed in deeply. "It's James, dad." His father narrowed his eyes, and then laughed. "Good one, Jenson. What'd you say? Get me out of here?" "Not tonight," James said. "Ah, come on," he urged. "Good night, dad." Without waiting for a response, he walked down the stairs where he bumped into, perhaps his only friend in the house. Twinkle, the House Elf. "Where is you going, Mister James?" "Out." "Mistress Potter isn't liking you going out this late." "Mistress Potter doesn't even remember who I am Twinkle. Don't wait up." James grabbed his coat out of the cloak room under the stairs and shrugged it on. "But where is Mister James going?" "London," James decided. — It's not like she didn't have money. Her parents had left her with something, just not a lot but it was enough. It would have to be. Her trunk bounced over the threshold as she entered The Leaky Cauldron and the first thing she noticed was that it was mostly occupied by men. Not letting that deter her, she strode up to the bar and plonked down, trunk sitting at her feet. "I'll have a firewhiskey and a room, please," she requested politely to the bartender Tom. "How long's the room for?" he asked while he fished a key out of a draw. "I'll let you know tomorrow." She grabbed the key, shoving it into her hair since her dress didn't have pockets. "That's twelve galleons for the night and a galleon and a sickle for the firewhiskey." Lily nodded, summoning her purse and setting the correct amount of coins on the counter, the loose change clanging about. She'd have to take a trip to Gringott's tomorrow. It had been an odd moment when Lily Evans had walked into Gringott's during the Easter Holidays and requested to open an account with the bank. Of course, unlike pureblood witches and wizards, Lily's vault was less of a vault and more of a glorified locker in the minimum security section of the bank but when Ragnok, a surly goblin, had handed her the key and declared that glorified locker number seventy-seven was hers, well a sense of pride rocked through her. Lily bit her lip as Tom placed a firewhiskey in front of her. She'd have to find a more permanent place than The Leaky Cauldron, which meant rent, which meant she'd need a job. She downed the firewhiskey. "Tom, you wouldn't happen to have some parchment and a quill?" He quickly supplied her and she wrote, ' To Do List, June 25, 1977 '. Underneath she wrote, ' Gringotts' , ' Scout for apartments in Diagon Alley' , ' Scout for job in Diagon Alley' . "Another firewhiskey, please," she said tossing another galleon onto the bar as she wrote. She downed one more drink, staring at her list before tucking it away and tugging her trunk up the stairs to room number three where she didn't even bother to properly change. She just slipped out of her dress and crawled into bed, letting her head hit the pillow. The next day was as busy and tiresome as she predicted once she'd had a shower getting all the knots out of her hair and make-up off her face. She'd started with Gringott's just to get a feel of what she could actually afford if she couldn't get a job, not that she wanted to rely on her savings for a place to live. Turned out she didn't have as much as she'd hoped once she realised how much she'd need for school supplies. She had tried to find a job first visiting clothing shops and cafés and book shops and a store that sold only telescopes and apothecaries but no one wanted to hire someone just for the summer. She could afford another night or two at The Leaky Cauldron if she could just find a job but by midday she'd given up on finding a job in Diagon Alley and started shopping around for a place to live for the next nine weeks. She was luckier with a place to stay than she was with a job. She found a tiny place above the shop that sold telescopes. She wasn't understating when she said tiny. The kitchen was a three meter long slab with a sink, stove, fridge and four cupboards — there was no oven — and the living room was a narrow thing barely three meters wide itself with a couch pressed to the wall opposite the kitchen — at least it looked clean. Two doors were on either side of the couch, the one on the right to a small bedroom that featured nothing but a mattress on the floor and a garment rack for clothes. The door on the left featured a bathroom — Lily had seen broom closets larger than this bathroom and that was all Lily really had to say on the matter. She'd found a home, a place to call hers for the next nine weeks and for a relatively cheap price. Who cared if it was a little cramped? It wasn't like Lily would be inviting all her mates over. You actually needed mates for that. So it was four in the afternoon and things weren't exactly looking great but they were better. At least she wasn't homeless anymore. Just jobless. Bugger. She stopped in the middle of the stairs and banged her head against the wall lightly. She was just jobless and friendless and lonely and completely, completely screwed this summer. "Er, are you all right?" Lily's head shot up, eyes snapping to a woman with Barbie blonde hair, the most perfect blue eyes Lily had ever seen to match the most perfect jaw and cheek structure Lily had ever seen. This woman could be a model, Barbie herself looked ugly next to this woman. All tall and lean with thick hair and thick eyebrows. "Er, fine," Lily mumbled. "Just, er, moving in." "Ah, Mr Veg said you'd be moving in. Lily Evans, right?" Lily smiled and nodded. "I'm Marlene McKinnon. I live in the other half of your apartment," she grinned wickedly. "Now if you hear me yell, don't be alarmed it just means I've hit my head on the shower head again." Prettier than Barbie herself and an instantly likeable personality, Lily was in awe. "Have you lived here long then?" She pulled her trunk the rest of the way up to the small landing where the two doors sat side by side. "Oh about three years. When