Obligatory Disclaimer (In case you did not read the first part, I would strongly suggest that you do; some of what goes on will make more sense) I own no part of any copyrighted materials. I barely own my house. I own my own creations only. This is just an obsession of mine that is getting out of control. (Just ask the Dude, who does not get Tolkien at all. I know, sacrilege). Later chapters will deal with stronger issues. (Death, rape, torture) Time sometime in the TA. May run until 3021. This is a rewrite of an earlier story. Any similarities were intended. It is a rewrite. Both are posted under my name, but different titles. If you have read the original story somewhere, please forget it. Pretty please? I hope you will like this one better. I do. I plan on four parts running up to 2004 AD. (Yeah, try to figure out how that will work)! If you have any questions about issues dealt with in this story, please let me know. I have read the books and seen the movies, but as it is a very complex world that has been woven, I cannot think that anyone knows everything about it. So, if I have slipped up somewhere, I would appreciate knowing of it. Issues with the vacillation between American and UK English are due to reading too many historical novels. I happen to like some of the spellings (which did not make my English teachers or professor happy) You will just have to deal with it. Issues with phraseology will be squelched. I find it difficult enough to read the style of Tolkien's writing, I am not about to try to emulate it in mine. So, although I have tried to keep it formal, I hope it is not cumbersome. Outside of a very few words (Ada, sell, Iell) I have used little actual Elvish. This is partly due to the fact that I am not knowledgeable enough to just whip out the words I want. But it is mostly because the story is set in the Elves' world. It would be redundant to use Elvish words when they are already speaking Elvish. So, only a few choice words. Again, deal with it. I want to thank snowdrop for taking on the job of beta. I would also like to thank the people in the OSA forums who jump on the wagon when I am journeying through areas of which I am not sure. They are very helpful. When possible, I will give the credit where it is due. To all others, thank you for your topic deviations. They give a much needed break and a chuckle here and there that develops into a laugh at times. A Butterfly Effect- Chrysalis The low clouds covering the upper heights of the land emphasized the name given to the highest known chain of mountains, Hithaeglir-the Misty Mountains, to men. They hung like a gauzy curtain, shifting form with the wind. The swirling eddies gave the view upwards a surreal feel. It daunted any not used to the majesty of the sweeping peaks. The stiff breeze tearing down the narrow valley carried a promise of the coming season. It swept over the ground stirring up loose gravel and leaves left over from the preceding winter. The valley below was bathed in shadow. It had been so for several days. The sun hid behind the heavy drape of clouds. No rain fell, but neither did sunlight. All life held its breath waiting for the change. The mountains lay within sight of many settlements. The grandeur of Imladris; the mystery of Lothlórien; the disquiet of Isengard; the humbleness of Misty Haven, the edain village east of Imladris, all lay under the watchful eye of the range of mountains. To some, it was a daunting sight. To others, a comfort. To some, it was just home. To one, it was a stop on the journey to her destiny. Ela woke to the sound of running water. Sitting up, she winced. Remembering the night before, she groaned. Would she never learn? Wine was not one of the things she tolerated well. A birthday was not a good enough excuse for the suffering she was sure would follow her day. She gingerly felt for her robe. Ah, there it was-dancing beyond her reach. She lunged for the robe, tripping over her shoes. he "dancing" robe turned out to be a mere chair. Wrapping the soft material around her chilled body, she slipped her feet into the shoes. Walking from her bedroom, she shuffled to the small kitchen. Ah, hot water. She would be sure to say thank you. Fixing a pot of tea, Ela looked over the letters on the table. Turning at a noise behind her, she smiled. "Good morning, Grandmother." "I am surprised to see you up so early. You were quite late last night." Elestra looked closely at the younger woman. Satisfied she was all right, she continued. "Your father was asking about you. He noticed you had left." "Did he ask long? I did not mean to upset him, but there was something that caught my interest." "I am sure," Elestra laughed. "What are your plans for the day?" "I think I shall go riding. It has been too long. I feel the need to run along the upper meadows. Maybe I will bring back some conies for supper." "I think you are expected elsewhere for supper." Ela gave a small pout. "This is the first day I have had to myself in months. Do you think he would mind if I was absent?" "I think he would send out search parties." Elestra smiled. The girl rub at being confined so much. No, not a girl any longer. She watched as Ela went back to her bedroom. Lady Elrénia had changed little. At first glance, it was easy for strangers to dismiss her. Other than her hair, she had nothing physical to draw one. However, her temperament and willingness to help others set her apart. She had become a presence in the town at the west end of the valley. Her reputation as a healer had enabled her to meet many she would not have met in Lórien. However, not many knew her. While friendly and willing to aid any who asked, she jealously guarded her private time. Very few were allowed to infringe upon her solitude. She carried her small frame with pride, the muscles hidden beneath the sleeves of her robe. She could ride with the best and shoot better than most other elleth. She distained the servants that her father employed, doing most of her own work. She allowed Garan, her father's gardener to tend to the grounds, but only because she had no time to do so herself. The muscles she had built up had not come from the fields alone. She had insisted on helping with the building of her house. From laying the foundation, to finishing the roof, she had been in on all of it. She could lovingly caress a wall support, knowing that she personally helped raise it and nailed it in place. It was a mark of pride that she had no qualms showing off. Her house was hers because she had helped create it. Ela returned to the kitchen dressed in her riding clothes- soft grey flannel riding pants and a grey tunic. Even her boots were grey. It was as if she were trying to hold onto a past that she had left behind. Her coppery-gold hair was twisted upon her head, leaving her face clear. The bright blue eyes glanced around the room. All was as it should be. Ela sighed in contentment. Only one thing seemed missing, and she would see him later. "I will see you later, Grandmother," she said, bending to kiss the proffered forehead. "I shall return for dinner. You may tell him." "Please, be careful. I do not like it when you ride in the upper reaches." "I will. And, the horse is sure-footed. He has not fallen once." "Have a good ride." Ela waved. Turning, she left the kitchen, going through the dining room. This was vastly different from the small kitchen. There was seating enough for twenty comfortably. One thing drummed into her at an early age was the importance of dining. It not only satisfied a natural need, but also served as a very social event. Even dinners with the family had been a chance to catch up on the day's events, discuss problems, review lessons learned. Dinner was an important part of the day. The family room was no less grand. A huge fireplace lined one wall. Another held shelves of books from all over the known world, and a few from lands not so well known. A large cabinet held liquors from various realms. Ela herself did not indulge often, but she did entertain enough to keep something on hand. The carpets lining the floor were worn with use. The furniture was solid, but showing the wear of many happy gatherings. To the rear of the house were the bedrooms used by her and Elestra. Her small one contained a cabinet filled with bottles and a few favourite books. A larger wardrobe held her trousers and tunics with just enough room to hang a few dresses. The open window gave passage to whichever cat wanted in at the time. Next to her room was another small room for her grandmother, when she chose to visit. It was similarly furnished and kept open and ready at all times. Upstairs were the guest rooms. Three smaller ones that were kept for storage. There was a master room waiting for the time a man would finally come home to posess it. It was as large as the two rooms downstairs combined. It contained two beds and a wardrobe. The guests this room had seen over the years would astound the average landowner. For such an unassuming dwelling, quite a parade of visitors had travelled through; elves…Dwarves…Hobbits. It was even rumoured that some more unsavoury characters had passed through. None had the temerity to ask, and Ela was, as ever, not very forthcoming with her private doings. Glancing around the family room once more, Ela went to the closet where she kept her bow. Closing the door behind her, she sighed in satisfaction. Glancing up at the overcast sky however, caused a frown. The hope that rain did not spoil her ride ran through her head. Returning home, Ela bathed and dressed for dinner. Her grandmother was already gone, so Ela set out on the walk across the valley to her father's home. Glancing up at the heights, she admired the vast dwelling. She never grew tired of the beauty of the home. Nestled in folds of the mountains themselves, the building of rock and wood seemed a work of nature, rather than one of flesh and blood. The entire front of the edifice was made up of glass, surrounded by well-laid stone. The terrace itself was nearly as large as the house. Ela smiled, thinking of the tea parties that very terrace had hosted. One, she remembered fondly, had included the vaunted Lord Celeborn of Lórien. Now, thinking back, she was appalled at her temerity. But, back then, she had been but a child, looking to find new friends. She had crossed the wide meadow and was now approaching the road leading to Imladris. Gathering up her skirts and started up the stairs leading to the balcony, Ela remembered the first time she had come up those stairs, in Elrohir's arms. A mere child that would be mistaken for far fewer than her ten years. She had come many miles since that day. Many memories crowded her thoughts- the good and the bad. She turned at a slight noise behind her. She saw an ellon gaining on her. She turned