Disclaimer: Harry Potter and all characters from the verse belong to JK Rowling; who is not me. A/N: Yay! I finally got it written, and I hope you all love it! This is a prequel to the main story I've been writing, The Magic Time Forgot, and tells the story of how Abraxus met (and fell for) Estel. These Shadows of Twilight A Prequel He stared indifferently about the Great Hall, ignoring the drivel of the lower years around him. He didn't need their connections, he was top of the pile. He nodded in acknowledgement as dead grey eyes fell upon him as if reading his thoughts- well almost the top. 'Still' he knocked Orion in the gut as he tried to swipe his bacon 'It's good to be king' . Abraxus swept his blonde hair out of his eyes and stood to follow Tom, Orion snatching a biscuit as he followed after his closest friend. Abraxus smirked as Orion fell in step beside him as they hurried after Tom down the hall. Orion had been the first to realize their charismatic yet quiet dorm mate was the heir of Slytherin, although Abraxus wasn't much slower on the uptake. A giant basilisk would have been a fairly strong clue in for anyone, let alone the Malfoy heir. Not that the fact had changed much, Abraxus had always had as soft of a spot as a Slytherin could have for the young orphaned Riddle. Now that he had potentially powerful family magic- well that just endeared him even more to Abraxus. A close third behind his childhood friend Orion and Cygnus. Tom having plans to turn the order of the wizarding world on it's head and make it kowtow to him and his friends, well that gave Abraxus a spark to cling to in such a dull existence. Everyone sucked up to the Malfoys and Blacks, scraping and fighting for their leftovers, Tom and his plans were like a fresh breath of air in the stale castle. A vibrant pulse of crimson in a black world. A game to pass the time before his father made him marry some vain harpy who only sought his status. It was all so very trite. "Surely not," Cygnus scoffed, leaning back in him armchair. It was empty in the common room, the others having vacated when the three 7th years and lone 6th year sat down and glared into their surroundings. "Followers," Tom hissed softly, "We need to fill our ranks if we hope to remove those less worthy. We need more than the four of us. No matter how much power and influence we have we can not topple the world on our own." "We are the Knights, Cygnus. What Tom is saying is that we need pawns." Orion corrected his younger cousin softly. Abraxus gazed into the fire steadily, watching the flames devour the wood, crackling in victory against the pale resistance. "What say you Abraxus?" Tom coaxed. Abraxus looked up to meet the dead grey eyes, "Agreed." -#- - These Shadows of Twilight - -#- Abraxus drew small designs on his parchment, but only a fool would accuse him of such a paltry endeavor as doodling. While Cygnus was probably going to search out people with more muscles than brains- far easier to manipulate- Abraxus was looking for more of a challenge. Someone to make it all more interesting, a worthy adversary to trick into being a pawn, like Yaxley or Lestrange instead of the likes of McNair. Abraxus fiddled with his quill, adding fangs to the snake that was eating the last sentence of the notes he'd taken before zoning out 15 minutes prior. His father had sent him another letter that morning talking about someone's dowries and potential contracts. He'd barely skimmed it before he'd lost interest and crumbled it up. He sighed as he drew huge flames across the paper- the professor still droning- apparently his snake wanted to be fire breathing. A soft tinkle of laughter permeated the white noise of his thoughts, bringing him to attention. It wasn't the incessant giggles of self-important heiresses, he'd learned to filter that noise out years ago. He looked up from his masterpiece to the sea of dark shadows that made up everyone else, panning the room until his eye caught on a burst of color- gold. He almost startled out of his chair by the bright contrast, knocking faintly into Orion who eyed his change of demeanor sharply. The professor ended his lecture, students filing out, when suddenly the gold eyes were before him. So bright, they bore into him like miniature suns. Another soft laugh, "Nice doodle." A hint of vanilla, swish of vibrantly light hair, and she was gone. Orion grabbed his shoulder giving him a shake, "Abraxus, we have to head to potions. You can finish your artful notes there." Abraxus nodded, composing himself as he stood. That was- odd. -#- - These Shadows of Twilight - -#- Once he'd seen that burst of color he couldn't stop noticing her in his dark grey world. In the Great Hall there was a streak of sunlight from the Ravenclaw table, on the quidditch field he caught a glimpse in the stands. In Dumbledork's class flashes of her honey eyes lit up his vision whenever she glanced back- which was more often than should be normal, yet never quite enough for Abraxus. For some reason her color was better than Tom's; it had something he'd never felt. "Earth to 'Braxus," Orion murmured, waving his hand in front of his best friend's face, "You're more out of it than usual. Finally lose all desire of engaging in life?" Abraxus swatted his hand away, irritated he'd lose track of her again. How had he never noticed her before now? Orion sat down beside him trying to see what the young heir was looking at, "What has you so distracted, or more likely, who?" He followed the line of sight, "Lovegood! Estel Lovegood?" He laughed, "She's a pretty bird alright, but that whole family is a little- you know." He made a motion with his hand, "Although, I guess you aren't all together present at all times either, but still. The Lovegoods wouldn't let you near their daughter if you were deaf, dumb, and wandless." "Estel Lovegood," Abraxus tried the name out on his tongue, ignoring the calculating look Orion sent him. He liked it. -#- - These Shadows of Twilight - -#- He saw her again as he was perusing the book shelves in the library for an essay. She sat in a back corner, oblivious, books moving about her at their own accord wiggling and vying for her attention. Her wand tucked in her hair. He almost dropped his book- wandless magic! Well, he mulled the idea around for a moment, probably not, she'd most likely put some sort of animation spells on them before he'd shown up, but still. That kind of power, he needed to tell Tom. She would be a perfect recruit. He hesitated while putting the book back, mind whirling. If the two were to be placed together, he doubted he would get both the crimson and the gold. They couldn't co-exist, he knew that at some fundamental level. He looked back at the young woman, this would take some further thought. 'Finally' he smiled softly, before exiting the library quietly, 'Something worth my attention.' The more he noticed her the more the world slowly came into focus- less dark, more grey. However, as he studied her, he realized she was following him as well. Circling each other, without making contact, but unlike his almost reverent fascination he saw her features bordered on disheartened in his presence. He ignored a firstie trying to ask him something- a furrow of the brow. Batting away a insipid sycophant and following it up with a withering dismissal- a frown. Cygnus cursing some 4th year muggleborns while he stood back with Tom and watched indifferently- a look equally resigned and disappointed. Why did it matter, they were beneath him, beneath them both. His silver tongue recruited some pawns for their cause, Yaxley and Lestrange falling easily under his sway, and Tom was delighted. But the crimson didn't hold a candle to the gold. The warmth was missing. Frustrated and a bit beside himself at her omnipresent disapproval, he tried to make an effort to engage in the present. Someone asked for the marmalade at breakfast, and he passed it with a courteous smile- the third year blushed, practically fainted, and the sunlight across the hall gave a tilt of acknowledgement seeming just a tad brighter. A stuttering suck-up asked him to give his regards to Lord Malfoy, and he clapped him on the shoulder with a nod- a faint tinkle of muffled laughter. He stepped in to prevent Goyle from hexing a young Gryffindor- a dazzling smile. He sat in the courtyard enjoying a treat in the rare warm autumn day. Tom was off schmoozing with Slughorn no doubt, leaving the Black cousins and Abraxus to their own devices. Cygnus filched a sweet from his cousin's pile, popping it quickly into his mouth with a sneaky grin. "I'm just saying, it's weird you're marrying my sister." He shuddered, "I mean, she's your cousin!" Orion snorted, hoarding his Honeyduke's chocolate a little closer for better protection, "We're all related in some sort of fashion these days, with not wanting to dilute our bloodlines and all. Besides," He caught a Every Flavored Bean in his mouth, "I get along well with Walburga. She's also as crazy as Tom about purity and the rise of the old dark families, so she'll only aid our future endeavors. Plus, she's fetching to look at and way easier to deal with than Druella! That witch is going to drive you up a wall with her non-stop decorum speeches." He shivered to himself, "No thank you." Cygnus shrugged, "At least she knows her role in society. My house will run smoother than well rehearsed spellwork. And when you get under her skin, she is feisty." His grin bordered on lewd, "I like my witches wound-up so I can unravel them." Orion blanched, "Ugh, and there went my appetite." He knocked away Abraxus' searching hand from his chocolate, "For dinner, not dessert." Abraxus gave a halfhearted smile, then continued staring off, mind elsewhere. Cygnus sighed, "You've always been a bit above-it-all Abraxus, but right now you're borderline absent. What is going on in that devious mind of yours?" Orion let out a wolfish grin, "His heart has been stolen by a nymph that walks between this world and The Beyond." Cygnus gave him an odd look as the Malfoy heir snapped sharply back into reality, "Watch your tongue. No one has a spell on me." "Yeah," Cygnus snorted, "Malfoy's heart is long hardened, just like the rest of us." Orion smirked, "No, Abraxus has gone soft over the Lovegood heiress," He ignored Cygnus' gasp, "He watches her whenever she is in the room, you can see the life creeping back into Malfoy's eyes when she's around. He might even have a pulse again." Abraxus stood abruptly shaking off the teasing of his friend, "Don't assume shit. I just think she could be a great asset- she's powerful." Cygnus burst into laughter, missing his cousin's disapproving glance at Malfoy's bluster, "Tom won't let women into the ranks. Hell, none of us will, much to Walburga's sorrow no doubt. And if you think a light bird like that is going to just trapeze into the paws of such a dark predator than you have another thing-" "Excuse me," the voice was soft and warm, carrying a quality that was both melodious and ancient, "May I join you gentlemen?" Cygnus choked on his tongue, coughing while Orion pounded on his back and Abraxus nodded dumbly. Estel laughed gently sitting between Abraxus and Orion, swiping a piece of Honeyduke chocolate with