Part Of A Pack. "Mum - ouch - Mum, Gerroff!" cried James, wrestling with his Mother to push her off him. She had swooped down and gathered him up in a bone-crushing hug, as it was the first time he would be going to Hogwarts ever, and she was so emotional about it. Breaking free from his Mother's strong grip, he wheeled around to face his Dad. He too, embraced him, however it was less squeezy, and certainly less embarrassing. "Bye Son," he called, giving a last wave while his Mother sobbed into his shoulder. "Bye Dad, bye Mum!" he replied, and turned to clamber onto the Hogwarts Express. He was in such a rush to get onto the train, that he crashed right into someone. That someone had red hair and wonderfully green eyes. James untangled himself from her, and smiled sheepishly. "Oops, sorry!" he said, noticing how pretty the girl was. "No no," she replied, "It's fine. Come on Sev, we'd better get on board." James looked and saw "Sev", a greasy haired boy with a rather large nose and wicked black eyes. He swept after the girl, but not before giving James a very dirty look. "Watch it!" he hissed, and marched after her. James stepped back, a little surprised. But he shrugged his shoulders, and followed them onto the train. James had apparently been given the talent of running into people, as he sprinted along the corridor to find a good compartment. He zoomed past three people, accidentally bumping into them so they were suddenly knocked against the wall, before crashing into someone headlong, and both taking a tumble on the floor. "Ouch," winced James, running his forearm which he had knocked against a compartment, "Sorry about that." "You know, there are less painful ways of getting my attention," replied the boy he had crashed into. He had flawless black hair like James, and equally as messy, but it seemed to fall into place perfectly, and blue-grey eyes. His face gave him a handsome haughty bored look, that would drive most girls crazy to look at. "Sorry," repeated James. "Nah, it's cool," said the boy, and stretched out his hand, "Sirius Black," "James Potter," replied James, and took his hand. "Excuse me, are you two going to sit here all day and be a nuisance or find a compartment?" said a bossy girl's voice. "Sit here and be a nuisance," said the two, simultaneously, and burst out laughing. The girl looked rather annoyed. "Go find a compartment and quick. The train is about to start!" she said, and James saw a shiny prefect's badge. He suddenly had an idea. "As you wish, my lady," he said, jumping up and bowing low. The girl rolled her eyes, and James thrust a hand in his jeans pocket, pulling out his wand and waving it. The girl's badge now read Pinhead. Sirius snickered behind him, catching sight of James' little prank. The girl flounced off, not noticing how her badge had changed. The two boys burst out laughing, then went to find a compartment together. To James' utter disbelief, the only available space left was with the horrible greasy haired boy, and the red-headed girl. But he ignored them, and sat down with Sirius, talking about this and that. At one point he heard the boy say "You'd better be in Slytherin," and pulled a face of disgust. "Who wants to be in Slytherin, I'd leave, wouldn't you?" said James, turning to Sirius, grinning. Sirius however, did not smile. "My whole family have been in Slytherin," he replied, bitterly. "Blimey, and I thought you seemed alright!" cried James. "Maybe I'll break the tradition," Sirius grinned, "Where are you heading if you've got the choice?" " Gryffindor where dwell the brave at heart! " said James, swinging an invisible sword, "Like my Dad," The greasy haired boy gave a scathing noise, that James did not like. "Got a problem with that?" he said, turning on him. "No," the boy sneered, "If you'd rather be brawny than brainy-" "Where are you hoping to go, seeing as you're neither?" interjected Sirius, which earned him a laugh from James. The girl who James found rather pretty, sat up, flushing a pink that did not suit her hair. "Come on Severus, let's find another compartment," she said, standing up and sweeping out of the door. "Oooooooohhhhh..." James and Sirius imitated her lofty voice as she stalked past, the boy following. James stuck out a leg to trip him as he passed. He was secretly dismayed that the girl disliked him, but comforted himself with the thought that there were plenty other girls at Hogwarts. "See ya Snivellus!" Sirius hissed as the door slammed shut behind him. "Bet he's in Slytherin," said James, darkly. "Ah well," replied Sirius, stretching out on his seat. Not five minutes had passed when someone else appeared in the doorway. This boy had sandy brown hair and amber eyes. He had rather a nervous smile, and a book tucked under his arm. But what made him strange were the scars that ran along his nose and cheek. "Can I sit in here? Everywhere else is full." he asked in a rather quiet voice. "Yeah, sure," replied James, cheerfully. He saw that he walked with a slight limp, and moved like he was trying not to pull something. "Sirius Black," Sirius introduced himself. "James Potter," joined in James. "Remus Lupin," he said, with a small smile. "Anyway," said James, turning back to Sirius, "What is your Quidditch team? And if you don't say the Holyhead Harpies, we aren't friends anymore," Sirius grinned. "Hate to break it to you, but I'm with Appleby Arrows." James acted mortally offended, and brushed away a pretend tear. "Betrayal," he choked, "Dishonour to the Holyhead Harpies! You should be ashamed, Sirius Black!" Remus snorted. "What team are you then?" said James, turning on him. "Puddlemere United. It's the best, no competition." Sirius gasped. "That is an untruth!" he cried, pointing a finger at Remus, "The Appleby Arrows are by far the best!" "The best at coming last," said Remus, "They've been last for the past three years," "Proving that the Holyhead Harpies are the best!" cried James, jumping up, "They've won more than both of yours put together! So ha!" The Quidditch banter went on for quite sometime, then suddenly slid into the Hogwarts Houses. "I'd quite like to be a Gryffindor," said Remus, thoughtfully, "But Ravenclaw or Hufflepuff wouldn't be so bad," "I'd walk straight out if I were a Slytherin," replied Sirius, moodily slouching in his seat again, "My whole family's been in there, and I hate the stupid house with all it's dark stuff," "Me too," agreed James. "Yes, Slytherin does seem the worst for some reason," said Remus, "But I guess there are good sides of them. Like being ambitious or cunning," "Nope," said Sirius, "They're rotten, the lot of them." The compartment door slid open once more, and the bossy prefect girl was back. James was delighted to see her badge had not changed from Pinhead. "You three had better change into your robes," she said, snappishly, "We'll be there in a bit!" "Whatever you say, Pinhead," muttered Sirius as the girl marched out again. He didn't like her any more than James. "Who changed her badge?" asked Remus as they began to change. "I did," laughed James, "I crashed into Sirius trying to get a good compartment, and we were talking on the floor for a bit when she interrupted. Seems a bit full of herself if you ask me," "Yep," said Sirius, "I bet she polished her badge just for the occasion too. Seems unnaturally bright." All three of them snickered. "You know what," said James, suddenly, "That just gave me an idea. We should pull a prank on the school at the opening feast!" "How? We haven't started lessons yet, how on earth are we going to pull a prank?" asked Remus, doubtfully. "I'll think of something," said James, not dispirited in the least. "You might find something in my book," said Remus, and gave it to him. James had a flick through it, before landing on something. "Aha!" he cried, pointing a finger at a page. Sirius leaned in. "Bluebell flames?" said Sirius. "Bluebell flames, often known as Cold Fire or Blue Flames is a magical fire produced by a relatively simple charm. The flames are bright blue and waterproof, and radiates heat only to objects directly above it. The fire can be touched and penetrated without burning the holder, though it is known to burn materials such as clothing and plants. As such, it must be safely carried in a jar or some other small container without burning through it. These unique flames can also be directed to a certain place by the caster, and return to its original position." read Remus. "Yes! We can do the spell now, put it in an object, and when the time comes, we set the Slytherin house alight!" said James, his eyes bright. "Brilliant!" roared Sirius, slapping James on the shoulder. "Well we'd better get to work now then," said Remus, "We should be here any time soon." The three of them got to work, waving their wands and muttering at the jar James had somehow produced from a pocket. Five minutes before they got off however, Remus managed to produce a single flame. It was rather weak and feeble, but once it had the Slytherin tablecloth to devour, the three of them were confident this would work. When they all clambered off the train, the night air was cool and crisp, and the stars twinkled above their heads. The moon shone half full and appeared to be grinning down on them. "Firs' years!" shouted a giant of a man with long and unruly facial hair, "Firs' years over here! Come on now, firs' years!" The three of them hurried over, James keeping a tight hold of the jar in his pocket. It burned his thigh, but he was too excited to notice, nor care. "Righ', have we got all the firs' years?" asked the giant man again, and James caught a glimpse of red hair. He ran a hand through his hair, and put on a cocky smile. It didn't matter, the girl didn't look his way. They all followed the man (who said his name was Hagrid) down a long winding pathway and towards a lake, where about a dozen boats were positioned. Once down there, James found himself with Sirius and Remus, and a chubby boy with watery blue eyes who ooked very nervous. "Hello," said James, "I'm James Potter," he held out a hand that the boy shook, trembling a little. "P-P-Peter Pettigrew," he stuttered. "Sirius Black," said Sirius, who was leaning over the boats edge. "Remus Lupin," said Remus, tucking his book under his arm. "Are we all in?" shouted Hagrid, "Righ' then, FORWARD!" As soon as the last word left his mouth, the boats jerked violently forward, Sirius very nearly falling in if it hadn't been for Remus grabbing the back of his robes just in time. The boats glided silently onward, making ripples in the glassy water, reflecting the shining stars. "See if you can spot the giant squid," Sirius muttered, making James snort with laughter. They turned a corner, and the magnificent castle of Hogwarts stood before them, glowing silver under the moon's rays. It took James' breath away, and by looking at the others, their reaction was the same. The castle was huge, he wondered if he would ever find his way around properly. A squeak and a splash ended James' thoughts, and turned to see Peter gasping for breath under the water. Only little flecks had sprayed James and Remus had remained dry, but Sirius had gotten hit by the splash and was almost as wet as Peter. Sirius made no attempt to help him back onto the boat,