Title: Say Something (Giving Up on You) Chapters: 1/ongoing Characters: Carlisle Cullen x OC Pairings: Bella x Edward, Emmett x Rosalie, Jasper x Alice, Charlie x Sue, Jacob x Reneseme Song: Say Something by A Great Big World A/N: Alright so it looks like I'm gonna be doing a Twilight fanfiction now. I know I have like three other stories that I still need to write but to be honest I've been really busy and I have to get back into the mindset that I had when writing them. I will be updating all the chapter soon but for right now I wanted to write this story. I heard the song Say Something and I really fell in love with it! I literally every time I hear it cry my eyes out because its just an amazing song and beautiful! If you haven't heard it before I seriously would suggest taking a listen! Especially when reading this story! Of course some of the songs I listened to when writing this are from the different soundtracks for the Twilight movies. Despite not really being that excited about them, I'm a fan of the books and the music tracks where actually pretty good! Anyways, this first chapter is going to start around the time that Bella heads off to Forks to live with Charlie. Now here's a little information on my character. Since this is not really going to go along with the timeline much. I mean it will but it is for sure an AU. Now I'm sure you are going to ask, well what about Esme. She will still be in the story but as more of the mother figure without the romance. In order to keep appearances as a real family, Esme is still their mother just her and Carlisle are not romantically together. In fact for the purpose of this story I'm thinking of maybe adding in later a brother to the mix that Esme can fall in love with. For now she is a single child and the best friend of Bella's. She and Bella grew up in Phoenix together and her coming along for the ride is to make sure that Bella doesn't hurt herself and has someone there that she'll at least know. As for who I based my character off of, I actually made this character from scratch but as for who would portray her I would have to say Emilia Clarke (aka: Game of Thrones Mother of Dragons). More will come out later about the character as a person cause the story would not be as interesting~ Anyways, I hope you enjoy this story! Here goes the first chapter and please review! The only way I become a better writer is having other read my work and comment on it. I can only get better unless I have others there to point out my wrongs. Also before I start the story, I am looking for a beta reader! The girl that used to have that position actually doesn't have time for me or our friendship anymore so I am in need of someone else! Just message me if interested! I used to believe that dreams held more power then thoughts or fate. When I was younger I clearly could imagine myself with a dashing prince, fighting dragons and whisking me away to a castle far far away. As I started to grow older I realized that my dreams, no matter how much I wished for them to become real, would never take flight. I had to think more down to earth. I was getting to old for fairy tales, but somewhere in the back of my head was a glimmer of hope for that small little fantasy to exist. A fantasy about finding my one true love, the other half of my soul. It wasn't until I decided to move to Forks, Washington that I finally realized that dreams do come true, even if death is the path I must take to achieve it. I remember the day that Bella, my best friend in the entire world, decided she wanted to move back in with her father. You could imagine my shock at hearing those words. Of course after some well thought out explanations, I finally realized her true intentions. It wasn't a secret that Bella was somewhat upset with the fact that her mother remarried, but Phil was a good guy so there wasn't cause for much complaint. You see, Phil was a professional baseball player, one that traveled... A LOT. For Bella's mother, it was almost torturous to not be there supporting him. In fact thinking back, I'm sure I could have seen Bella's decision coming from a mile away. So naturally, as a friend I wanted nothing more then for her to do what she wanted, of course with some extra baggage. That would be me. You see for years Bella and I grew up together. Though I'm three years older then her, we still became close. In fact Renee would often say we were more like two peas in a pod then friends. I still believe in some strange way we had to have been separated at birth. Moving on. Since Bella and I were so close it would only be natural for me to want to tag along, with some convincing when it came to my parents. As their only daughter, it was hard for them to even imagine the idea of me being farther then a few feet away let alone in another state. Finally they caved and I was on the next flight out, headed towards a place that would not only change my views but my fat as well. Though I didn't know it, Forks was about to become my center of the world. After having sat in the same spot for a while on a crowded plan headed to a destination you would think no one else would be headed, you can only feel the relief I felt when my feet touched down at the Port Angeles terminal. To be honest, even though the flight itself wasn't that bad, I couldn't help but wanna kiss the ground. It wasn't because I hated flights or even the fact that we had been sitting that long, but it was the crowed closed in feeling that had me on edge the entire time. I absolutely hate being in cramped tight spaces. Not enough to freak out and have an all out panic attack, but enough to have a death like grip on my seat the entire time. Bella naturally, was entertained the entire time, laughing at my misfortune under her breath. Few good words passed my lips each time she let out a small jingle of laughter at my expressions. Touching the outside world, I felt the cold creeping into my skin. I was surprised for sure but for some reason I felt a new sense of freedom by being there. Maybe it was the fact the city wasn't as.. what's the word.. dirty as Phoenix. Or maybe it just all the natural air that didn't seem as contaminated as the city life was. Either way, I couldn't stop myself from taking in a deep breath in happiness. Muttering under her breath, I turned towards Bella in confusion, until I noticed her father standing not that far away with her name on a sign. Behind him his police car sat. Now that's what I call getting picked up in style. "Hey dad." With a wave, Bella walked over to her father, I trailing behind her. It wasn't that I didn't like Charlie, more of I wasn't sure how he liked me. I met him a few times before and we exchanged small greetings but we never really got into a full blown conversation. Then again, that was how he always was. Turning his attention towards me, he let a small smile grace his lips as he brought a hand up in greeting. "Hey." With a smile and wave back before I knew it we were in the car, heading towards good old Forks, Washington. It wasn't a long drive and before I knew it we were already there, pulling up into a comfy little two story house. I couldn't keep the smile off my face when I saw it, of course Bella wasn't as impressed. I was like that. I love those little things with their own charms. Older houses were the best, all the wood work and the designs that went into their construction always struck something within me. Piling out we all headed into the warmth of the house. "I hope you don't mind sharing a room with Bella, Carly." With a shrug I smiled gently at Charlie. He was really trying hard. To be honest I was thankful that he allowed me to stay there. I was more then happy to find a permanent residence somewhere in town, that was after I found a job. Unlike Bella I was finished with school. I could have moved on and done something else with my life, but with my older brother doing most of the supporting in our family, I never really found the urge or the want to continue with my education. Yeah it would have gotten me a better job back home, but hey.. I live my life the way I want and when your parents understand your decision it makes life easier. Trailing behind Bella up the stairs and into her room, I couldn't help but squeal slightly inside. It colors were amazing and it had such a great bay window to look out or even read in. Yep, I'm officially loving this house now. Bella was a little apathetic about it but I could tell she was at least grateful for everything Charlie was trying to do. Without hover, Charlie went downstairs and left us both to unpack. "Well. Welcome home Bella." Rolling her eyes, my sister figure started to unpack her trunk. "Aw come on! This is a good thing! Not only is your mother happy, you get to spend more time with your dad, you get to escape from the crowded city life... What more could you want? Well other then your best friend in the world being here with you." Chuckling she smiled at me before wrapping her arms around my neck. "I'm happy you are here with my Carly. To bad you aren't going to be in school with me." Sighing, Bella unwrapped herself and sat on the bed. Crossing my arms, I walked over to the bed, admiring the purple and sighed slightly. "It would of been cool but to honest I'm glad I don't have school and I'm sure that you will make tons of new friends. As for me, I have to start looking for a job that doesn't require a degree of any kind." "You could work at the diner we passed?" Shuddering I thew myself back on the bed in a exaggerated way. "Oh please! I'm way to good for that place!" Throwing a arm over my eyes, Bella chuckled and slapped my stomach playfully. "I'm serious!" Sitting up and I gave her a side hug. "I know you are. But come on... can you really see me working there?" Pretending to think for a moment, Bella ended up nodding her head in time with mine. "I wouldn't last a day there. I'd be gone and out before you could say potato. One I hate germs and I'd have to watch people shoveling food in their mouths all day. Not cool." "That might be your only option. There isn't much around here in Forks." Sighing, we both shrugged before hearing Charlie call our for us. I heard a loud pop outside as Bella walked to the window and let her shoulders drag lightly. "Great. First day and dad already has people here." Chuckling I leaned back against the headboard of the bed as