##### A/N ##### Final warning: this story contains adult themes. Complicated themes. Characters who don't know how to deal with what's happening around them. It has a nice ending though, I guess. ############### Snow fell lightly in the night, illuminated through the fiery glow out of the window of the pegasus stables. Percy Jackson stood facing Drew Tanaka. Drew had slipped him a note earlier that day calling him to meet her here that night. "I've seen the way you look at me, Percy," Drew began. Percy was a little confused. What did she mean? She was beautiful, like all daughters of Aphrodite, but the things he'd heard from Piper about Drew were pretty nasty. Drew seemed to recognize his expression. "Oh, not a look of lust," Drew continued, "You don't like me. You don't like the things I've done," she took a step towards him, slowly reaching to the zipper of the winter coat she wore, "The things I've said. You don't think it's right." Percy stammered as she slowly pulled the zipper down. Instead of fabric, he only saw more of her pale skin as the zipper decended. Finally reaching her navel, Drew adjusted herself exposing her breasts to the night air. They were at least DD cups, each capped with an areola and a nipple that was visibly hardening in the cold. Drew must have been an incredible actor because at that moment all the snide cruelty wiped from her face. Her two dark eyes stared at Percy, a foot from him. A look of calm innocence took her features and withit, Percy began to see how beautiful she really was when she wasn't stepping on her siblings. Her voice too had changed. Now a delicate whisper, "I want to make up for what I've done, Percy." He now found her hand gently rubbing him through his jeans, although he had no clue how long it had been there. He felt himself hardening at her touch. Drew's other hand guided one of Percy's to her left breast. A soft but sharp gasp escaping her lips as his fingers brushed across her nipple. She pressed her body against his, her chin resting on his shoulder, his hand now pressed into her skin between them. She held him like that, still delicately massaging the bulge in his pants in silence until slowly she felt his hands respond. Percy felt Drew's hard nipple press into the palm of his hand as he kneaded the full orb. Drew's hands delicately undid the buckle of his belt and his jeans, shortly freeing the member from it's prison. Drew took a step away from him, her gaze locked with his. She turned slowly from him and bent forward, hooking her thumbs into her own tight jeans. She began to slide them over the curve of her ass but stopped about half way. Leaning farther forward, she stepped back, pressing the tip of his engorged shaft against her ass. Drew gave one final look over his shoulder at him before turning away. Placing her hands on her buttocks, she spread them, Percy slipping between them. Still looking away, as if unable to meet his eyes, she uttered "It's time for my punishment." All at once Percy realized that the head of his dick was pressing against Drew's asshole. At any moment, she could have easily slipped him inside but she waited. A punishment had to be given, not taken. He took hold of her hips as he slowly pushed himself into her ass. She was incredibly tight. Each fold and ripple seemed to have an iron grip on his dick as he went. Then there was the heat. It wrapped around him and engulfed him until he realized he had hilted himself inside her. A shudder went through Drew's body as if she were trying to stop herself from crying out. This had been her idea, but it was obvious she had never taken anyone like this before, and from the way she was acting, Percy suspected she hadn't had anyone at all. The way Drew had acted her entire life was probably a lot lonelier than she had ever let on. Certainly, there were none at camp halfblood that were truly her friend. "Punishment" may have been an excuse to get close to someone. He could tell she was in a lot of pain, and times like these were usually when people dropped their charade, yet Drew was determined to bear it. This quiet, fragile girl was the Drew that she never let anyone see, and was now exposed before him. Drew's voice brought him out of his thoughts. "H-hey," she began, her voice shaking a little. "Aren't you supposed to be p-punishing me?" Percy realized he had been seated inside of her for some time. Drew obviously believed her guise was still working, and he felt sorry for her. So alone that she felt that this was the only way to get close to someone. Gentler this time, he drew himself out and slowly pressed himself back in, easing her into his rhythm. This felt incredibly wrong to Percy. He almost felt like he was forcing himself on her, although he reminded himself that if anything, she had done so to him. Percy wanted to console her, to tell her something... anything that might help her, but he didn't know what to say. He couldn't tell her that he knew what she was really doing. Her body felt incredibly good aroud him. He tried to put as much tenderness into it as he could manage while thrusting into her ass- he didn't want this to feel cold or emotionless. He wanted to make her feel warm and like she was cared for. His hips sped up as he felt himself drawing close to his release. With a final thrust, he spilled his cum into her tight rectum. As he pulled out of her, a scent reached his nose. A salty, wet smell. Still turned from him, Percy realized Drew was crying. She hid her face as she quickly pulled her pants up and fixed her shirt. She left without another word, leaving Percy standing alone in the stable. A flood of emotions raged inside of him. He felt incredibly sorry for Drew and ashamed of taking advantage of her like that. A snort from the sleeping pegasi roused him and he looked over to see a familiar black pegasus cock it's head at him, obviously less asleep than he had let on. Blackjack remained silent, but gave Percy a look before turning back to his brethren. The way Blackjack was acting made Percy feel uncomfortable. He slipped into the cold night and returned to his cabin. Percy grabbed another load of snow in his shovel and tossed it to the end of the sparring ring. Last night's snow fall had buried the arena in nearly a half foot of snow. When the camp was as empty as it was this winter, the borders that prevented weather from entering the camp were relaxed. It allowed the valley to experience a more natural climate than the magic usually allowed, but that meant Percy had to work if he wanted to get any sword fighting practice in. Suddenly, his mind was flooded with images and sound. Making sense of it, he found himself in the stables, alone but for Drew and a few pegasi. Drew seemed to be crying soflty as she slowly brushed his fur. Fur? 'Hey Boss,' the familiar voice of Blackjack intoned in his head. 'I thought you should see this. That girl's been coming here for a while now. She doesn't know we can talk and so she shares all sorts of things with us. For a while it's just been me, but now you're involved too.' The chipper in his voice died towards the end. The uneasiness was palpable, but if Blackjack trully dissaproved of what had happened, he didn't make any indication of it. Drew spoke, "I can't believe I did that. Percy..." she trailed off, tears running silently down her face. "The way he cares for his friends... For all of us here. I just... I wanted to know what it was like. I've been alone and I've always told myself I didn't need anyone else, that they weren't worth it. But they didn't want me. I'm a daughter of Aphrodite and I'm alone." she said miserably. She seemed lost in thought for a moment before continuing "I'd never been with anyone before. It hurt, but when he was inside me I felt connected for the first time in my life. When it was over, I-" her words caught in her throat. Percy's vision dissolved and he found himself standing in the arena again, a shovel of snow held in his hand. Another snowstorm was blownig through the valley as Percy trudged down to the stables. As he approached, he heard a soft sobbing coming from within. Drew turned as he came inside. She was holding Blackjack by the reigns in the middle of the stables. She seemed frozen as he approached her. "P-percy-!" she stammered as he drew near. Without a sound, he wrapped his arms around her. She stood still, making no effort to shake him away. Percy glanced at Blackjack who returned his gaze. A horrible feeling began to creep into him as he stood there. He felt a tear run down his face. "Not alone." he mumbled into her coat. She began to tremble in his arms. "You're not." Her shaking turned into tears, he couldn't see her face, but the tug of salt water told him they were there. She sunk to the ground in front of him, no longer able to stand. He allowed her, but suddenly felt her fiddling with his pants. "Wait, no Drew, you don't have to do-" she cut him off, looking up. He saw the look of complete sadness on her face. "Percy... I want to. I want to feel connected to you." She freed his member from his pants and slowly ran her fingers over it's length, feeling it grow to it's full size. Placing her hand halfway up the base, she pulled the head of his shaft to her mouth, the hot wetness engulfing him as she took him in. She was still looking up at him, tears falling down her cheeks. She gave him a sad smile, as if to prove her earlier point, that this was her choice. She tried to swirl her tongue around his head, her lips wrapped around him just at the base of his head, her hand holding him in place. He could tell she was clumsy, even with his own inexperience with this, but she continued with earnest. She saw the look of concern on his face and pulled him out of her mouth, giving a few tugs to his shaft. "I- I want to feel like somebody cares for me. Like I have someone who wants me for me. Someone I would do this for." she looked away from him. "Just for tonight Percy... Can you be that person?" the pleading in her voice made him sad. "Drew-" he didn't know what to say. Finally, "I don't have to pretend, but..." he didn't know how to put it into words. Drew still wouldn't meet his gaze. "I'm the daughter of love, Percy... I know we're not meant to be together, but for this once..." "This once and any time you need me." he finished. She glanced back at him, her eyes wide. The hint of a more genuine smile crept onto her lips as she returned her attention to the shaft in front of her. More determined, she wrapped her lips once more over his glans, her hand now working in tandem with her bobbing head to give him pleasure. She seemed able to sense his approaching orgasm as at just the right moment, she gripped him