Title: The Cure Username: Midnightinjapan Disclaimer: Characters, locations, etc are the property of Rick Riordan. Edited by the fantastic Lordandladiesofthesilverscreen Summary: In the midst of his recovery, Nico gets a special assignment from his father and is ordered to take Percy with him. The sequel to My Remedy "You should be having some pretty serious stomach cramps," said Percy in disbelief. He was staring as Nico laid waste to a ramekin full of baked macaroni and cheese. Percy made four of them and they were ten ounces each. He was hardly half-way through his first –and probably only one- while Nico was digging into his second. They were sitting at the island in the kitchen of the big house. Three days had passed since Nico was cured from the illness caused by the very pomegranate seeds that had saved his life. He was doing much better, his strength was returning and there was even a little color on his cheeks. He was still thin but none of them had expected he would gain weight overnight, even though he was eating like a linebacker. "I feel like I haven't eaten in years," he said between bites. "But otherwise you feel fine right?" Percy asked looking him over. "Yeah, I feel fine," Nico answered with his mouth full. "You'd tell me if you didn't, right?" Nico rolled his eyes but he was fighting back a smile. "Yes. Now please stop worrying. I have Hazel for that." Their relationship had turned into something different. He could still see little flashes of tense discomfort from Nico from time to time and it hurt because now he knew why. But something between them had eased. Nico hadn't snapped at him once in the last three days. Before this whole ordeal it was like the son of Hades would take everything he said the wrong way, as if he was looking for an excuse to start an argument and push Percy away. It made Percy happy that now they could talk without a problem. "Something smells good," said Hazel as she walked into the kitchen and looked around. She was wearing a regular Pepsi t-shirt today with her jeans. "Is that mac and cheese?" "You'd better eat it before Nico spots it," Percy teased. "Bery 'unny," Nico said with his mouth full again. "If Nico's still hungry, he can have it. He needs to eat as much as he wants," Hazel said sweetly and started sweeping Nico's bangs away from his forehead so she could feel for any signs of fever. Percy bit back a chuckle and Nico rolled his eyes, but there was a faint smile on his face. "Hazel, I'm fine. And you can have the macaroni," he said patiently. She grinned and climbed on a stool. "Percy, you're actually a really good cook!" she said, stuffing her mouth full of cheesy goodness. "He is," Nico agreed, but then a smirked crossed his face. "Needs to work on that Alfredo sauce though…" "I think the sauce is just fine since someone –who shall remain nameless—ate two plates full and asked if there was more," Percy replied. "I missed the Alfredo?" Hazel asked sadly. "I can make you some, just you though. I'm gonna stop feeding the critic," Percy said smiling. "I didn't say it wasn't good," said Nico, scraping the ramekin for the last remnants of pasta. "It just needs a tweak." "What tweak ?" asked Percy but his eyes were still dancing with amusement. "It's just a little too thick," said Nico, giving up on the ramekin. It looked like he was resisting the urge to lick it clean. "I like it thick," Percy shrugged. "Traditional Alfredo isn't that thick." "Who cares about that as long as I got the flavor right?" "Texture is a part of taste!" "It's not like it's gritty or anything!" "No, but-" "You two are so cute." They both stopped arguing and looked at Hazel. She was chewing her macaroni and avoiding eye contact but Percy could see the smile she was working hard to hide. Nico was beginning to blush and Percy snatched up the dirty dishes and turned around to the sink before his own cheeks started to flame. Three days and he still couldn't bring himself to say anything to Nico. It was still a shock that Nico loved him –not liked - loved . Percy's own feelings were confusing. How do you go from thinking someone hated you to having a crush on them? On top of everything he was sad over Annabeth. He kept wondering if they had done the right thing in ending their relationship. Every owl in the vicinity kept dive bombing him every time he went outside so he guessed Annabeth had spoken to her mother. He counted himself lucky that Athena wasn't really trying to kill him. Hopefully, the owls would only maim him a little. "Uh, so have you talked to Frank?" Nico asked quickly. "Yeah, he wanted to know how you were doing and if I'd be back soon," she said. "What did you say?" "That I would be back later because I'm still too worried to leave." "Hazel…" Nico started. "Don't bother," she said firmly. "I'm not going until I'm sure the cure worked." "It did!" Nico insisted. "I feel fine!" "When you start looking better, I'll believe it." Nico groaned and was about to say something else when Percy turned around. "Nico, she's as stubborn as you. I don't think you're gonna win this one, man." Nico sighed and gave up and Hazel kept eating with a look of triumph on her face. "So are you up for a walk today?" Percy asked Nico. They were trying to ease him back into physical activity and rebuild his endurance. "Yeah, I think I can handle a scary, strenuous walk," he said replied sarcastically. "Good, let's go." Percy grabbed two bottles of water and they exited the kitchen. Hazel winked at Percy when Nico wasn't looking and he knew his face was turning pink. He was starting to think it was a big mistake telling her he had feelings for Nico. Outside was the normal sunny weather and stepping out into it really showed how bad Nico had gotten while sick. His skin was so pale in the sunlight that it looked out of place. He squinted against the daylight as his eyes adjusted. Percy handed him one of the water bottles and they set off toward the amphitheater. Their pace was slow and Percy kept glancing at Nico out the corner of his eye. He wondered what the son of Hades would do if he just reached over and held his hand? He would freak out for sure but in a funny, cute way, or an angry, defensive way? He shook the thought away sensing the risk of the latter was too great. They passed the volleyball courts where some Apollo girls were playing against some of Aphrodite's daughters –who were too busy trying not to work up a sweat to be any real competition. A few campers waved at Percy and he waved back but didn't stop to talk. He knew Nico wasn't in the mood to even attempt to socialize with anyone beyond his circle of friends. He was hyperaware of Nico's breathing –becoming a bit uneven—but otherwise he was fine. He watched as Nico took a swig from his water bottle but he hadn't even broken a sweat. During his treatment he'd gotten so bad that just walking through the big house winded him. "You okay?" Percy asked. "Yeah, I don't wanna try jogging today though," Nico said flashing a smile that disappeared quickly. He walked swinging his water bottle in his right hand so his left was empty. The idea to reach out and grab it nagged at Percy's brain. This was frustrating. He liked Nico but didn't know how to say it or deal with it. He didn't know how to be with Nico. And it hardly had anything to do with being attracted to a boy –which was a weird thing to get used to. It seemed like it should have been easy but this kind of thing didn't come easy for him. It took him like five years to admit his feelings to Annabeth –granted her feelings for Luke helped hold him back—but now something else was holding him back. What if his feelings for Nico only developed because of what happened in the last couple of weeks? What if this was just a side effect of how protective, guilty, and sad this whole thing had him feel? Nico's feelings were obviously stronger and more serious. If he wasn't sure about his own then he knew they didn't measure up. He couldn't –wouldn't—hurt him like that. Hooking up with Nico just see if this new bi-curious phase was for real was a level of douchery he simply wasn't capable of. Maybe it would fade away eventually and they could truly be friends. Maybe Nico would find someone else, someone who could love him for sure. Percy's grip tightened on the bottle in his hand causing the plastic crumple noisily. Just the thought of Nico with someone else caused jealousy to roar inside of him like a lion. "Percy!" Nico grabbed him and pulled him down just as an owl swooped over his head. "Whoa! Okay, that one was close," he said without thinking. "That one?" Nico asked. He was looking around for the owl but then his eyes focused on Percy. "Has that happened before?" "Oh, um, yeah…" Nico arched an eyebrow and Percy sighed. There was no real reason to keep it a secret. "Annabeth and I broke up three days ago and I think Athena is out to get me." Honestly, it was a little funny the way Nico stared at him like he'd grown another head. "WHAT?" He said it so loud that the few campers sitting by the lake turned around. "Look, can we not get into that right now?" Percy asked. "You broke up?" Nico asked as if he hadn't heard him. "Yeah…" Nico looked so confused, like Percy was speaking gibberish and asking him to interpret. Slowly, Nico turned away and walked on leaving Percy behind. The boy had this frozen expression of shock. Percy never thought he would take the news like this. It was almost like Nico was the one being dumped. Percy jogged a little to catch up with him but he didn't say anything. Maybe it just needed to sink in… "Hey, let's sit down, okay?" Percy asked when they made it to the amphitheater. Nico didn't argue, he seemed to still be processing what Percy told him. They sat in silence sipping their water until Percy couldn't take it anymore. "Are you okay?" he asked. "I guess…" Nico mumbled. "It's…it's not that big a deal. It was actually heading this way for a while. We…we're okay enough I guess, we just can't be together anymore," he said looking out toward the lake. "Sorry, I guess I'm just shocked because you two always seemed…I don't know unbreakable. You seemed so close after Tartarus," said Nico. Percy flinched. "Yeah…Tartarus…" he said with a hard edge in his voice. He really didn't want go down that road. "So, I have a surprise for you when we get back to the Big House," he said smiling. "What?" Nico quirked his eyebrow up and his confused expression was so adorable that Percy laughed. "A surprise," he said chuckled. "You ready to head back and see it?" "Sure," Nico shrugged looking surprised. They made it back to the Big House without any more owl attacks but Nico was silent. Percy didn't know if he was still digesting the news but he couldn't think of anything to say that wouldn't lead back to the break up so he didn't talk either. Inside Hazel was washing dishes which Percy was happy about. Nico was devouring so