Prologue Frodo awoke, his breaths coming rapidly and in uneven gasps due to disbelief of the realization and understanding that had just dawned on him. He had been having strange dreams of late, not really nightmares, more akin to foretellings; but they had been clouded and vague, seemingly shrouded in fog. Until now he had not been able to discern a meaning in them. Last night, however, the fog had been lifted and the meaning became clear. What do I do now? Are these dreams like the ones I sometimes have, are they truly revealing a glimpse of the future, or are they born only out of fear that things I have given up much to protect will come into harm's path once again? Do I tell Merry? Yes, they must be real, he answered himself. I must go to Merry. I must tell him his family's secrets will become known and that danger will be forthcoming. I must tell him who it shall be to take upon herself the protection of the Shire, for this will happen after I am gone. It is already April; I will be leaving in five months. It pains me that I cannot stay and take this burden from the only child Merry will someday have, a daughter. Perhaps I could stay. No, he again answered himself. I cannot stay; I am already beginning to feel what staying would do to me. I must find healing. This will not happen for years and I have been warned about doing things that would cause change to the future, but I must also warn Merry. Frodo got out of bed and rose shakily to his feet. He was still recovering from the illness that had again taken hold of him in March and he should not be out of bed, but when he was this determined his Baggins-stubbornness would carry him through to the end. He went to the spacious wardrobe and hastily got dressed. He would leave today. He would be taking Strider; he had no choice but to ride. He longed for a walking trip through the Shire, but his need to arrive swiftly in Crickhollow was great and he knew he would have to wage war with Sam to do that. It was going to be hard enough to convince Sam that he needed to go now without telling him the facts of why, let alone to persuade Sam to let him walk that far. Frodo headed to the kitchen hoping to get there before Sam began to make breakfast, so that he may be able to pack some food. As he neared, a delicious aroma wafted from the kitchen-he was too late. Sam heard footsteps and turned from the stove to see Frodo enter the kitchen. "Mr. Frodo! What in Middle Earth are you doin' out o' bed?" As Sam said this, Frodo began to falter; Sam rushed over and caught him just before he fell. He helped Frodo over to the table and sat him down gently. "There you go sir. You just sit and rest for awhile." He made sure Frodo was comfortable, returned to the stove to check on the food, then came and sat down opposite from Frodo. "Now, just what are you doin' up? You know you shouldn't be." "I know, Sam," he sighed. "I suppose it will do no good to lie to you." Sam nodded. "So I may as well tell you the truth now. I need to go to Crickhollow. Do not worry, I have every intention to ride and not walk." "Frodo, you haven't the strength to make it to your own kitchen properly, how do you think you will make it all the way to Crickhollow, even if you are ridin'?" "I don't know. I just know that I must and it must be immediate. I cannot hold this trip off." "Why do you need to go there? And why can it not wait?" "I must take counsel with Merry." "About what? What is so important that it cannot wait until you are well?" "I cannot tell you that. The subject of this counsel is for Merry's and my knowledge only. It is very important and cannot wait." "You know I always find out. Merry will probably tell me whatever you tell him." "No, I assure you, once he knows of the whole matter he will not tell you. Nor will he tell Pippin or anyone else. He will keep this secret. This will be known only between us." "Well, can you not at least send word to Merry and have him come here. He would understand. Crickhollow is such a very far way." "No. As you say, he would understand but he has some very important matters of his own that he is dealing with right now. Besides Pippin is gone to Tookland for the next few weeks and therefore there shall be no eavesdropping there as there would be here," Frodo paused and smiled. "Yes Sam, I know very well that there are not any eaves at Bag End." He smiled harder and the two remembered Sam's excellent tactics of trying to listen in. Sam was so very pleased to see Frodo smile, and a true smile; it was such a rare sight these days. "I can see there's no convincin' you not to go. But I still don't think you should." "Please don't fret, dear Sam. I will be fine, I promise. I will ride, not walk. And if I become weary, I will stop to rest. There are plenty of inns along the way, as you well know. I will arrive in a day or so. I will take my counsel with Merry, then return home and you may continue to fuss over me as much as you desire." "All right, Mr. Frodo, all right. If you insist on goin' I won't try to stop yeh. Do you want me to send word to Merry by the quick-post? That way he'll be expecting you and will have some idea where you are if something goes awry on the trip." "That is not necessary. It is a short trip when ridden. I will be fine. Now, I must get ready. Will you pack some food and ready Strider for me? I intend to leave within an hour." "Yes, Mr. Frodo." "Thank you, Sam." Sam poured Frodo a cup of tea, then brought a plate piled high with eggs and sausages, and a bowl of fresh strawberries heavily topped with cream. Once Frodo began to eat, Sam packed enough food to last for a fortnight, figuring that Frodo would return home with most of it, then went out and readied Strider. When He came back in, he was shocked to find that Frodo had left, but before he had, he actually finished his breakfast; something he hadn't done in quite some time. Sam was overjoyed. A few moments later Frodo returned to the kitchen, his pack full of clothes in hand. Frodo caught the surprise and joy on his friend's face. He knew why it was truly there, but he decided a little banter wouldn't be a bad note to start his trip on. "Well, Sam, if you're so pleased to see me leave then I suppose I shall get going." "Frodo, I...I'm just so happy, you were able to finish your meal. Perhaps you will make this trip all right." "I told you that I would be fine earlier. I'm almost well, the last bout wasn't too bad." Frodo smiled, hoping this would add to the effect of tricking Sam. The truth was, the last illness was terrible, one of the worst yet. He hated to lie to his dearest friend in such a way, but what he needed to tell Merry was urgent. He couldn't have the delay of getting any better than he already was before he left. He hoped that for once Sam would just believe his act. He was very uncomfortable, the amount he ate really was too much; the falter he had walking into the kitchen didn't help, and he could tell Sam still wasn't convinced. He was really going to pay for this later- "In fact, I am still hungry," he said while picking a large apple from the barrel by the door. Sam watched as Frodo ate the apple, then another. His joy soared. Was Frodo truly becoming well again? Even more so than before. He could only hope, but hope had carried him far before and had never failed him. Tears of joy and relief welled in his eyes and began to slide down his cheeks. "Well now, I feel much better. If everything is ready, I think I shall take my leave." They walked together to where Sam had tethered Strider at the front gate. Sam took Frodo's pack while he mounted, then passed it up to him. "Sam, please do not worry overmuch. I will be fine. What could possibly happen?" For the last part he received a glare from Sam. "If it will make you feel better, I will send a message to you when I arrive. All right?" "I suppose. Are you sure you don't want me to come with you and that you don't want me to tell Merry to be expecting you?" "I'm sure. I will send word when I arrive. I will have gone there and back again before you know it. Take care of yourself, Sam. Fare you well." "Aye, and you too. Remember to stop and rest along the way. And don't you let Mr. Merry tire you out when you get there." "I won't." Frodo turned Strider as Sam opened the gate, and headed off down the lane with Strider at a walk. "Let his journey be a safe one," Sam pleaded softly to himself. He watched until Frodo was just a mere speck, then turned and went inside. He gathered his gardening supplies and headed out to the garden, however, he didn't get much work done. What a most wonderful day. Frodo sighed with pleasure, taking in the beauty all around him. I think, perhaps, this trip is just what I need to recover. It is so lovely; the Shire has recovered marvelous much. All the work everyone has done, especially Sam, it seems even better than it did before. I wonder, will I truly be able to leave? Do I truly want to? No, someone else seemed to answer for him. No, you do not wish to leave, but you must. The Shire has found its healing; now you must find your own. The ride continued to be uneventful. Frodo had found great peace from finally being allowed to be alone. He was never left to himself any more, or so it seemed. There was always someone there. Sam or Merry or Pippin, or someone else come to call. He missed his solitude, which he often thought strange. He had been constantly in solitude only a few years before. To bear a ring of power, is to be alone. How true those words were. Even when surrounded by his friends, old and new, on the quest, he always felt rather separated and after it was over, even more so. Sometimes he still felt secluded, even jealous. All the others had been able to settle back into their old lives; all remembering, yet not constantly reminded. Why couldn't it be so for him too? Why was he going to have to leave and give up everything he left to protect before, when it was finally safe once again? Why was everyone else so seemingly unaffected? But they were, the foreign voice from before protested. They, as you, have all seen more than anyone ought to see; lived through more than anyone ought to live through. Do you forget they are the reason you endured what you did? To protect everything and everyone you loved. And they endured what they did