Title: Glitter in the Air Rating: MA Genre: Angst/Drama/Romance Characters: Haymitch/Effie Summary: "It's a war, Haymitch…Some sacrifices are necessary." Author's Note: Inspired by the song "Glitter in the Air" by Pink. Takes place during Mockingjay. Haymitch's P.O.V. Please excuse any typos. As always, enjoy. - RW "Send it in." Plutarch's cryptic order draws my attention away from the coverage of the front lines being filtered into the command room. "Send what in? In where?" I can feel the tension knotting in my stomach. Plutarch doesn't answer, but I can tell by the look on his face whatever he's just 'sent in' is something big…something to finally shift the victory to the rebels. His eyes stare past me towards the screen and I slowly turn, my eyes scanning the crowded city circle in front of Snow's mansion. The camera crews are filming from above, so it's hard to discern much detail, but it's impossible to miss the children corralled in front of the mansion, huddling together in fear. Then I see them. Silver parachutes. Dozens of them. For a moment, I'm just as dumbstruck as the rest of the crowd, wondering what the canisters contain, but a sick realization comes over me just before the first canister explodes in the hands of a small child. Distant screams of terror fill the room, followed by more explosions and I can't tear my eyes away from the screen as I stare on in horror. People are running in every which direction—trying to flee, trying to aid the children, panic taking over completely in others. And then the soldiers are rushing the mansion. Plutarch has come to stand beside me and it takes every ounce of my strength to hold myself together and not rip him to shreds. "What have you done?" "Won the war." I hope to hear some kind of self-loathing in the sound of his voice, some hint of remorse, some sign that this was the only way to win. The last resort… Instead, I just hear the quiet awe of victory. I reach up, ready to rip my earpiece out of my ear when a voice breaks through. "The Mockingjay is down! I need immediate evac!" Katniss. I don't wait for Plutarch to respond; I move to the controls and authorize the nearest transport to pick them up and to have medics at the ready. "What about the boy? Where's the boy?" "We've got him too. Both badly burned, but alive." "Get them out of there." "There was a fatality," the soldier's voice informs me. "The other Everdeen girl." "Shit." I pinch the bridge of my nose, trying to stave off the many other explicatives that are threatening to pour from my mouth. While the girl certainly didn't mean much to me, I knew she was everything to Katniss, and now, after all she had done to protect her sister, none of it mattered. My eyes lift to Plutarch, who still stares at the screen as if he's mesmerized. "You sent the girl in there, didn't you?" My voice shakes with barely concealed rage as I grip the back of chair to steady myself. Plutarch finally turns to look at me, a nonchalant smile pulling at his thin lips. "You sent her knowing what you were going to do." "It's a war, Haymitch." He shrugs. "Some sacrifices are necessary." Every fiber of my being is straining to keep myself from launching across the table at him. I can feel myself shaking, and—finally—a look of fear ghosts across Plutarch's face. "Come on, old friend…we've won. Doesn't that mean anything?" "We are not friends." Is the only response I can give as I pluck the earpiece from my ear and throw it down on the table. I have to find out where they're taking Katniss and Peeta…and I have to tell Aven about Prim. She should hear of her daughter's death from a friend, and right now I'm the closest thing there is. I find Aven in the emergency aid station, helping to treat the burn victims that are still coming in from the explosions in the city circle. Though she's focused on her work, I can see the worry evident in her eyes as she scans the faces of the room every few minutes. When our eyes meet across the crowded room, she nearly topples several people to cross the distance. "Haymitch…" Her voice is shaking, tears shimmering in her eyes. "Please, no one will tell me what's happening. The fire…they said the children are dead? Prim was with the children…" She seems on the verge of hysterics so I lightly grip her shoulders, mostly so she doesn't collapse and hurt herself when I break the news, but when I open my mouth I can't find the words. "Aven, I'm so sorry." "What?" Her voice is tight as she looks at me, trying to comprehend what I'm saying. She shakes her head almost violently. "No… Haymtich tell me she's not… please , tell me she's not dead." She's gripping the front of my shirt desperately and I fold my arms around her, hugging her tightly. "I'm sorry." Aven wails as her worst fears are confirmed. As I anticipated, her entire body goes slack in my arms as she breaks down into uncontrollable sobs. As I half carry-half drag her to an open cot, I find myself angry that she hasn't once asked about Katniss. Though there is no one else to console the grieving woman, I don't stay with her once I have her settled on the bunk. There's still too much to do… It takes an hour before I finally find someone who knows where Katniss and Peeta were taken, and another hour just to get through the scared, confused and panicked mobs of people clogging the streets. No one knows what's going on or where to go and the further away from the city circle I get, the more chaotic it gets. Our soldiers are still sweeping the Capitol streets, making sure that all Peacekeepers are surrendering, but I know it'll be hours—possibly days—before any sort of order is restored. Katniss is still undergoing treatment by the time I finally get to the medical center, but Peeta's burns are less severe and he's being treated mostly with burn cream. He's bandaged and lying in a hospital bed, attached to fluids as I enter the room. I can see the tortured look on his face, the worry and dread of someone who doesn't know what's happened and isn't getting any answers. A glimmer of hope flashes across his eyes as he sees me. "Haymitch—" I raise my hand to stop the onslaught of questions I know he wants to ask. "Before you start—let me tell you what I know. We took the city center by force, Snow's been captured, Katniss' sister was killed, and you and Katniss were both severely injured in the process. It's still a madhouse out there, but I left command after the explosions happened and got word that you and Katniss were injured. Beyond that, I don't know if there have been any new developments." Peeta takes this in for a minute. "So Katniss will be okay?" "They haven't said much on her condition—she's worse off than you—but they'll do what they can for her." "Does she know about Prim?" I sigh wearily as I look at Peeta. "That I don't know." We're both quiet for a long moment before. "How are you doing?" I ask, knowing this has been a lot for Peeta to deal with. I had been strongly opposed to his being sent in on Katniss' team, not sure why Coin and Plutarch would risk the mission and her safety, but—as shown by the deadly parachutes earlier this evening—there seemed to be a lot of strategy I wasn't privy to. "I don't know." Peeta answers honestly. "Sometimes it's still hard to tell what's real and what's not. If I wasn't burned, I would have thought I'd hallucinated what happened. I kind of wish I would have." I lay a hand on his shoulder, recognizing the grief and guilt evident in his tone. "There was nothing you could have done to save them, Peeta." "What happens now?" "First, they'll try to restore some order to the Capitol and the Districts. Probably call a ceasefire to any fighting that might still be going on. Then, Coin will probably announce herself as the new president and call for a trial for Snow and anyone else involved in the war effort. If Coin holds to her end of the deal, you and the rest of the tributes who were taken prisoner will be granted immunity and not tried…though I can't guarantee they won't want you to testify against the Capitol before they let Katniss stick an arrow in him." He nods in understanding, a daunted look on his tired face, and I know there's not much more he can handle at this moment. "Get some rest. I'll be back to check on you later." "Thanks." Peeta says with some relief. I pull the door closed behind me as I step out in the hall, taking a moment to soak everything in myself. So much planning and effort and sacrifice had gone into getting us to this moment of freedom…shouldn't I feel glad—like Plutarch had said—that we won? If anyone knew about the bitter sweetness of victory, it was certainly me. It's too soon to know who we else we've lost, but I already know the count will be too great. With Katniss still receiving treatment and Peeta resting, I have nothing else to do to pass the time, so I find a phone and call the command center for an update. "We've gotten the location of where they're keeping several prisoners and hostages. Word is that Hawthorne was taken there…and possibly Effie Trinket." Plutarch informs me. I release of heavy sigh of relief at the mention of Effie, thankful to whatever Gods might actually still be listening to me that she's survived. "We have gotten our first reports of the dead." Plutarch adds, with hesitancy. "Who?" I brace myself, not wanting to know who didn't make it…but needing to know. I listen to the long list of names—mostly people from District 13 that I didn't know, a lot of names from Katniss' platoon, and then… "Finnick Odair." I feel my mouth go dry as my vision blurs with tears. "Has anyone told Annie?" "Not yet." Plutarch admits. "We were hoping…since you and Finnick were friends…" "That I would tell her." I finish for him, angry at the audacity, but not surprised. "Of course you did." A curt silence follows before Plutarch speaks in a clipped voice, "Will you?" "Fine. But for now I'm staying here." "Fine. We'll be transporting the surviving tributes to the capitol in a few days. You can tell her then." I hang up, not interested in anything else Plutarch has to say and see the medics roll a gurney out of the room they'd been treating Katniss in. I run to catch up as they wheel her down to an empty room. Katniss is unconscious, bandages covering every inch of exposed skin, and I can see the unevenness of her hair where it's been burned off in patches. "It's going to take a while for the new skin to graft, but she will live." One of the medics informs me as they hook her up to tubes and machines. I pull up a chair next to the bed as the medics leave us alone, and drop my head in my hands as I sit and wait for her to wake up. For hours I hear nothing but the beep of the machines and the sound of her breathing, but then a voice nearly startles me out of my chair. "Thought I'd find you here." I turn to see Gale Hawthorne leaning against the doorframe casually. He looks like he's had a chance to