A/N: This is my first ever fanfiction so constructive criticism would be preferred to out right abuse. This is Romione and will follow their relationship after the valentines ball too, with lots of fluff. I've upped the rating from a T to an M purely because of the odd piece of mild language and some of Hermione and Ron's encounters which are also mild. It really is a T in my opinion but I didn't wish to offend anyone so I'm playing it safe. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. :X: It was the evening of the valentines ball at Hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry and everyone was more exited than ever. The great hall looked stunning with heart shaped candles floating high up, illuminating the space below. The tables were round compared to the usual long straight ones and had white cloths with a very faint, pale pink rose pattern on each one. There was also a lovely ornate runner adorning the middle of each table that had a matching pale pink rose design along it's length. Similarly each chair had a pink voile sash tied in a bow at the back and at the centre of each table was a heart shaped candle, just like the ones above. The room looked different yet amazing and many gasps were heard as the students and their partners filed in. Harry was sitting in the corner talking animatedly with Ginny and he was wearing navy blue dress robes while she wore a classic high neck, floor length dress in a lovely deep purple. Ron was making his way over to them but was stopped in his tracks (as were most of the other men in the room) when he spotted a girl standing at the entrance to the great hall. She was wearing a beautiful cerise coloured, bardot neckline dress that crossed over the bust in a mock wrap style and hugged her waist before falling gracefully to pool at her feet, caressing her minimalist curves in all the right places. Her hair was down in loose curls that fell long and radiant around her shoulders and without realising it Ron had slowly walked over towards her till he was standing a couple of meters away, mouth open in shock. He stood fixated as his eyes rounded on a new vision of loveliness. There, bathed in the glow of the wall lanterns that hung either side of the huge archway doors was Hermione. Her hair, the epitome of undone sophistication and her skin that seemed to almost radiate perfection caused Ron to swallow hard and run a hand through his hair, exhaling heavily. Hermione wound a tendril of her curly hair around her index finger absentmindedly and bit her lip nervously, momentarily oblivious to Ron's intense gaze as she took in the spectacle of the room. After a moment she moved, taking a few steps forward before stopping abruptly as she noticed Ron looking directly at her. His deep set eyes, a plethora of mesmerizing blue shades swirling around each other in a bid for prominence pierced into hers like a hawk and Hermione found herself unable to move, her heart hammering in her chest like that of the majestic birds prey, waiting in nervous patience until it is finally devoured. A blush crept up her neck to her cheeks as they stared intently at one another and it was as though everything and everyone around them no longer existed. They were the only two people on earth and the great hall was the garden of eden. He was drinking in every last inch, all he could see was her. How captivating she was, how the candles cast a glow over her as though she were shining. How the fit of her dress clung in all the right places and the curls of her hair fell soft and sexy around her face. She was spellbinding and all he could think was that he had never seen anything more lovely in his entire life. Hermione smiled shyly, slowly making her way across the room with her eyes still fixed on Ron's. Hermione finally came to a halt a few feet away from where Ron was standing and she took a moment to simply appreciate what was in front of her. He was truly delectable in his new emerald green robes that fit his Quidditch built frame perfectly and with the colour making his fiery red hair and perfectly positioned freckles seem a thousand times more beautiful and bewitching, she wondered how her heart was actually still beating. "Blimey... H-Hermione... you look... uhhh... Blimey." He stammered, lost for words as he rubbed the back of his neck. A shiver touched her spine at his stuttering and she smiled shyly, gently biting her bottom lip. There was no doubt that Hermione felt something for Ron that ran much deeper than friendship. She regarded his response and opinion much more than that of others and just looking at him now, all nervous and beautiful was enough to send her mind completely askew. all she seemed to be able to say was a feeble ''thankyou'', worried that anything else would sound stupid. Damn her over analysing brain! Just as she was trying to find something non stupid to say Professor Dumbledore announced that dinner was ready and everyone made their way over and sat down to eat. Hermione barely noticed the glances she was being shot at her from all over the hall. Some from jealous females who wondered why they couldn't look as naturally beautiful as the girl they now hardly recognised, but mostly from the dates of said females who were mesmerised by the way Hermione's dress was practically painted on and the glow that seemed to follow her wherever she went. Alot of them were devising plans in their heads of ways to get Hermione alone and exclusively in their company but little did they know that said girl only had eyes for one and he was walking happily, if not a little nervously by her side. After it was confirmed that everyone was seated and Dumbledore had given his usual rousing speech, food and drink began to appear on the tables and they all dug in. Ron as usual spooned masses of food onto his plate which Hermione watched and rolled her eyes at. He looked up at her and attempted to ask what she was staring at but failed as he had a mouthful of food that he nearly spat out. She shook her head with a giggle and took a bite herself, redirecting her eyes to her plate. Ron seemed to catch on to her amused expression and smiled sheepishly as he remembered all the times she had tried to correct his table manners and failed. Whilst everyone ate and drank the conversation was bustling, mainly falling on peoples clothes, dates and the upcoming holidays. Although some talk involved incredulous murmurings from people who had finally figured out who the mysterious beauty was as she sat chatting happily with her fellow Gryffindor's. Whenever the opportunity arose Ron would steal a glance at Hermione and vice versa but as soon as the other caught their gaze they would quickly look away, trying to seem nonchalant. Once everyone had finished their Meals the music began, courtesy of the weird sisters, alot of the students headed out to the dance floor and started moving to the beat. Harry stood up and held his hand out to Ginny gesturing towards the dance floor. She took it, smiling and they sloped off singing along as they went. Hermione and Ron sat together in uncomfortable silence for what seemed like an eternity, both trying to think of something to talk about. Except of course the obvious thing which is that they're madly in love with each other. After another awkward five or so minutes Hermione stood up to leave but Ron, noticing her every movement grabbed her wrist to stop her. She felt her heart start to pound in her chest as Ron stood up too and moved slightly round the table to stand in front of her. He cast a shy, lopsided smile towards her and she forget to breathe for a moment before he spoke. "Would you like to dance?" He asked and slid his hand down her wrist to capture her hand in his. Her breath caught at the feel of Ron's hand holding hers and she had to mentally shake herself before saying; ''Yes... I'd love to.'' They nervously walked out to the dance floor, both wondering if this was a good idea. The music was loud and roaring as they joined the crowd and at first they were dancing with quite a bit of space between them, but the distance separating them slowly got smaller as the crowd got bigger and at one point they were pushed right up against each other. They both quickly moved back, blushing quite profusely but got back into the rhythm of the song fairly quickly. They danced the next few songs with much more ease and Hermione laughed heartily as Ron spun her around by the hand. With every song they danced, they let go of their inhibitions a little more and simply enjoyed the memories they were making together but as a slower song came on they both stopped. Ron looked at Hermione with an awkward kind of smile. Even though he was more than happy to slow dance with the girl of his dreams he wasn't sure if Hermione would with him, so he asked shakily; "Do you want to carry on dancing?" The song was one of Hermione's favourites and she longed to feel Ron's arms around her so she took a deep breath, trying to free all the apprehension from her body and nodded. At her agreement Ron slowly moved closer so that there was just a few inches between them. They both tensed at the closeness, barely able to breathe or even think straight and as Ron placed his left hand on Hermione's waist her breath seemed to leave her altogether. She slid her corresponding hand up his arm to rest on his bicep, causing goosebumps to run over his entire body. Gently, she then slid the fingers of her other hand along his and over his palm till she was holding his hand properly. The slow, sensual way in which their fingers caressed each others caused both of their breaths to catch and when Ron enclosed his fingers around hers, electricity seemed to spark through both of their bodies. They listened as the smooth voice of Shane Finlan flowed from the speakers and smiled shyly at each other. The lyrics seemed so apt that they both couldn't help but wonder if someone had requested the song on their behalf, knowing that they would end up like this. ''We started as friends, But something happened inside me, Now I'm reading into everything, But there's no sign you hear the lightning baby, You don't ever notice me turning on my charm, Or wonder why I'm always where you are." Ron could feel the heat of his body merging with hers and his heart started to beat wildly. He was trying not to look directly at her, hoping that she hadn't noticed the blush colouring his cheeks but as he bravely decided to move his gaze down, he saw that she was looking right at him, making the hairs at the back of his neck stand on end. As Ron stared into Hermione's eyes he was surprised to find that she didn't look away and that gave him the shot of confidence he needed to slide his hand further around her. He gently pushed at the small of her back and bought her even closer so that her body was pressed right up against his. Ron tensed again, thinking she would rebuff his actions but he soon relaxed when he felt