Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight or any of the characters, else I wouldn't be writing fanfiction of it. Story: After Edward leaves Bella, she's lost. Hanging only by a thread of hope in the form of the Volturi, she heads to Volterra, Italy with her death (and maybe her rebirth) in mind. There, three brothers will start to compete for her heart. Set AU of New Moon. Spoilers: For Twilight and some of New Moon, for sure. Warnings: Smut in the future, language, violence, slightly suicidal thoughts, etc… Pairings: Aro/Bella, Marcus/Bella, Caius/Bella, Demetri/Athenodora, Felix/Heidi, Charlie/Sulpicia A/n: So, as promised, the first chapter as gift to all my loyal readers of "Devil in a Sweet Kiss" and "Stranger Happenings." This first chapter is just a taste and while it will be updated, won't have higher priority than other fics (especially my two other Twilight fics) unless I have like a huge inspiration and write up this huge new chapter or something. Thank you all and please enjoy! Also keep in mind that I was writing this to realistically write out Bella after Edward left her, realistically how she would be able to get over it, and that she didn't need Edward to fix herself. Which I really find ridiculous that she would forgive him so easily, or taken him back so quickly. I know in real life, at least, there would be some hesitancy and that that kind of thing would plague a relationship after. Things like that aren't so quick to be wiped clean and give a clean slate. Sorry, barely edited. I'm in a hurry. Stairway to Heaven Chapter One: Sparkling Angels, I Believe It wasn't like she wanted to die. The truth was that she was already dead, barely clinging to the world. So empty inside that she walked around lifeless, and if it weren't for the long ago whispered mentions of who he had addressed as the Volturi, the ruling clan of vampires that was her only lifeline, she wouldn't even have had the energy to summon a façade. The day he'd left her, alone in that forest, she almost succumbed to the darkness. She lay there shivering, catatonic and almost completely gone. And then flashes of whispers, hearing him speak of the Volturi once more, and she had purpose. If she was to die, it would be by their hand. Edward had already killed her heart, mind, and will. She had entered his fantastic world, a world she never belonged in but longed for. And so her body will die as well by that world. She'd brokenly traipsed back to her home, her worried father on the phone and ready to call a search party for her. She'd given a bland excuse of getting lost in the forest and that she was okay, and mentioned nothing of Edward to her father –even though he knew something about him had hurt her. She'd gone back to school, finishing her senior year with good grades and with one goal in mind. The whole year, she was basically numb, but remembering the thread of hope that was the Volturi and her goal, she made herself seem outwardly normal. They didn't talk about her. Her old friends. The school. She'd smile brokenly at them, and they didn't want to say anything because that broken smile hurt so much that even they felt the hurt. Even when she wasn't in sight and her broken smile couldn't be seen to haunt them, just remembering her and her smile made them silent. It was better to ignore and pretend she didn't exist, than to acknowledge that she was there and that a person could suffer so much and feel that much pain. Mentioning Bella meant remembering how broken she was, and no one wanted to think about that. So in between barely socializing with people reluctant to be near her and hanging onto the thought of the Volturi, she went through the motions of life until the time came. She'd talked about it with Charlie, saying she didn't want to go to college just yet. He reluctantly agreed to let her go, feeling that she needed time to herself and maybe a vacation would help her heal from whatever it was that had hurt her so much. As soon as she set foot in the city of Florence, she knew she wouldn't be able to find a place to stay in or make it to Volterra in time. With the night quickly coming, she found a hidden niche and settled in, feeling miserable. But at least she was finally feeling something. Still, she had so long to plan this, she could've preplanned a hotel and anything else she needed…Not that any of it mattered, with her impending death… She fell asleep quickly and night descended. When morning came, she was surprised that she wasn't harmed in the night or a vampire had gotten to her. Her luck, for once, hadn't gone south. Feeling hungry, she searched out a place to eat. Finding a small café, she entered and walked up to the counter. She ordered quickly, barely noticing what she was ordering and felt around in her bag for her wallet. Nothing. Panicking, she searched her entire knapsack and found a single change of clothes and everything else was stolen. It seemed she did have horrible luck in the night, and that someone had stolen everything she'd own. Even her passport. She was going to die soon, but still. It seemed ridiculous she'd have such horrible luck happen to her then. "I'm sorry. I seem to be missing my wallet." Sighing, she left the café and walked away, aimlessly walking around the city. She found a free map and decided she should at least start her trek to Volterra, knowing she can't afford any other transportation other than to walk there herself. For two days, she traveled on foot, only stopping to sleep at night in the niches, alleys, corners, and even occasional tree if she wasn't in a town in between Florence and Volterra. Finally, unable to stand it any longer, she stopped in a town. She knew it wouldn't be long until her end, but that didn't mean she couldn't afford to stop. She didn't have to hurry. She waited this long, she could afford to wait a little longer. She'll just earn some money and then she could travel to Volterra in better conditions, be able to eat, wash, and anything else she felt like doing before her death. The only problem was that she didn't speak Italian, had no credentials, and wasn't qualified for anything. After searching and searching, and no luck, she ended up at a small establishment that was mostly hidden and out of the way. It looked old and run down, but yet sturdy. Going in, she paled, finally reacting to something instead of the usual apathy. A strip club was not a place she had been looking for or ever wanted to be in. "You looking for work?" a man nearby asked her in a heavy Italian accent and awkward English, sleazily looking her up and down. She wasn't that desperate. She was looking for her death, but with the Volturi. And she didn't want to be hurt anymore. "Our dancers have room and food." "Yes. Work." She was going to die. Her dignity and life didn't matter anymore. The week passed, and she danced for the customers. She came down, wrapped in cloth, bending her body and arching it this way and then that way. Her head tilted backwards before she'd turned it slowly, kicking her leg into the air and out of the confines of the cloth. When she'd finally slipped away completely, she sensually moved from the cloth to the floor, swaying her body uncaringly, the hood of her small black robe surprisingly having not slipped off once. Sliding her fingers in between the front folds of her robe, she untied it and tossed it to the side. And so she danced and she danced, even as tears started to mar her face, and she blew out candles and slid hot wax down her body, torso bare except for the dripping wax that burned their tracks down her body just like tear tracks paralleled on her face. Funny how she hasn't tripped or done something clumsy since Edward left her. When she'd actually cared, she was clumsy. Now that she didn't care for anything, her clumsiness seemed to have gone. In front of the mirror, she stared at her image and wondered what had happened. The mascara running down her face, complete with the tears, and the broken gaze she couldn't get rid of. The trembling lips. The watery eyes. The blank face and the tired body. Where did Bella Swan go? What had happened? That night, she cleaned herself up, took the money she earned and left without looking back, leaving her knapsack and that one change of clothing. Nothing mattered anymore. It was time to meet her fate. It was early morning when she'd finally arrived in Volterra, and the town was barely waking up. She walked around without any direction, visiting the main tourist sites that were near. Seeing the Piazza dei Priori, she wandered near there and found the early bunch of tourists being guided by a beautiful woman. She smiled and slipped in. Once inside the castle, she couldn't help laughing at that –it was, for once, typical of a vampire –, the beautiful woman that Bella knew for a fact was a vampire led them all into a room. And there, several beautiful people surrounded them and she knew it was feasting time. Her smile on her face, she closed her eyes and readied for her inevitable death, even as screams echoed around her. This was it. This was finally it. A rush of wind blew back her hair, and she knew a vampire had sped right in front of her. "You knew what we were. Even before we started to feed," his musical Italian voice whispered into her ear. She frowned and opened her eyes. In front of her was an unbelievably gorgeous man, dark hair hanging softly around his face, and ruby eyes that had a milky film over them. He had very pale skin, paler than a regular vampire's even, and an unreadable gaze that felt like he could read into her easily without her having to say anything. "Volturi," she whispered, and she knew without having to see her own face, that that broken gaze people was unnerved by was on it. His hand rose up quickly, but she didn't flinch. But he only trailed the tips of his fingers down her face, pushing her hair slightly out of the way and behind her ear. "How do you know of us?" "Your kind killed me from the inside," she gave one last smile and collapsed, the hardship of the past days (but really the entire time since Edward left her) finally catching up to her. Aro caught her before she fell to the floor and gazed at her curiously, her body limp in his arms. The girl woke up days later, weak from lack of food and no proper sleep. She was pale and gaunt, but still so beautiful. For a human, he doubted anyone would be her match, even with how deteriorated she was. If she had been healthy, she probably would've been even more beautiful. It was only he and his brothers in the room, staring steadfastly at the slowly becoming aware human. She blinked away sleep before looking around in confusion, eyes landing on them. When they lit up in recognition, she nodded to herself in content resignation. "What is your name, girl?" Marcus asked, surprising his brothers. He was never interested in anything since Didyme's death, and rarely spoke if he didn't have to. "Bella…Bella Swan," she answered hesitantly, her slight confusion showing. "Bella…is that shortened from Isabella,