Harry looked around and his heart seemed to fail: Death Eaters had penetrated Hogwarts. Fred and Percy had just backed into view, both of them dueling masked and hooded men. Harry, Ron and Hermione ran forwards to help: jets of light flew in every direction and the man dueling Percy backed off, fast: then his hood slipped and they saw a high forehead and streaked hair- "Hello, Minister!" bellowed Percy, sending a neat jinx straight at Thicknesse, who dropped his wand and clawed at the front of his robes, apparently in awful discomfort. "Did I mention I'm resigning?" "You're joking, Perce!" shouted Fred, as the Death Eater he was battling collapsed under the weight of three separate Stunning Spells. Thicknesse had fallen to the ground with tiny spikes erupting all over him; he seemed to be turning into some form of sea urchin. Fred looked at Percy with glee. "You actually are joking, Perce…I don't think I've heard you joke since you were-" The air exploded. They had been grouped together, Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred and Percy, the two Death Eaters at their feet, one Stunned, the other Transfigured: and in that fragment of a moment, when danger seemed, temporarily, at bay, the world was rent apart. Harry felt himself flying through the air, an all he could do was hold as tightly as possible to that thin stick of wood that was his one and only weapon, and shield his head in his arms: he heard the screams and yells of his companions without a hope of knowing what had happened to them And then the world resolved itself into pain and semi-darkness: he was half buried in the wreckage of a corridor that had been subjected to a terrible attack: cold air told him that the side of the castle had been blown away and hot stickiness on his cheek told him that he was bleeding copiously. Then he heard a terrible cry that pulled at his insides, that expressed agony of a kind neither flame nor curse could cause, and he stood up, swaying, more frightened than he had been that day, more frightened, perhaps, than he had been in his life… And Hermione was struggling to her feet in the wreckage, and three red-headed men were grouped on the ground where the wall had blasted apart. Harry grabbed Hermione's hand as they staggered and stumbled over stone and wood. "No-no-no!" someone was shouting. "No! Fred! No!" And Percy was shaking his brother, and Ron was kneeling beside them, and Fred's eyes stared without seeing, the ghost of his last laugh still etched upon his face. "-little!" Fred yelled, finishing up his sentence, "Perce you-" he stopped, standing up straight and looking around. He wasn't at Hogwarts anymore, that much was clear, "Perce?" he said uncertainly, looking around. "No-No-No!" he heard a distant voice, kind of like a soft echo, a voice screaming in anguish, "No! Fred! No!" He looked around, feeling as if something terrible had happened. "What? Who are you?" he yelled desperately, yelling to the voice, wanting to help, as he looked around wildly for the source of the noise. There was a tremble and Fred fell backwards, his shoulders shaking as if someone invisible were shaking them, his eyes closing, and once more, Fred Weasley was engulfed by darkness. "Fred," a voice said gently, as the boy in question started to move. "Five more minutes," Fred mumbled, waving his hand at the person speaking. There was a chuckle and Fred frowned; nobody in his family chuckled. He would know, having lived there for close to eighteen years. "Fred, get up," the voice said again, and Fred froze. That wasn't the voice of anybody related to him. Actually, he hadn't heard that voice since- "Dumbledore!" Fred yelled, sitting up straight, looking into the wise eyes of Albus Dumbledore. Dumbledore, surprised, smiled at Fred. "Hello to you too," he said, standing up, followed by Fred who scrambled to his feet. "But, you're dead," Fred said, looking at Dumbledore, confusion plain on his features. "Indeed," Dumbledore said solemnly, looking at Fred, who felt is stomach fall. "Am-Am I dead?" he asked in a small voice, and Dumbledore looked down at the floor, "Really?" Fred asked, "But I feel fine!" he continued, as Dumbledore looked up at him, "Look at me! Flesh and everything," he said, poking at his arm. He paused, as was reflex, waiting for someone to say something, and then, with a pang, realized that George wasn't here to finish his jokes for him. George was alive. And he wasn't. "You look splendid," Dumbledore said, and Fred chuckled "Always knew I was better looking," he muttered, and Dumbledore smiled at him sadly as Fred looked to his side expectantly, "I'm going to have to get used to this," he said, "I'm not used to flying solo," he said to the empty space beside him. Dumbledore regarded the boy sadly and sighed "Come with me," Dumbledore said, and Fred rolled his eyes "Where? There's nowhere to go," he mumbled, and Dumbledore nodded solemnly "I'm afraid so, but there are different areas here," he said, gesturing around. Fred looked at their surroundings for the first time and frowned. "Why are we in a train?" he asked, and Dumbledore chortled, "What? What's so funny?" he asked, slightly irritably. He had just died and Dumbledore had the nerve to laugh at him. How rude. "You regard this place as a train?" he asked, and Fred nodded dumbly, "I see, well, Fred, let's say, I'm going to drop you off somewhere," he chuckled, and Fred panicked "Where am I going?" he asked worriedly, and Dumbledore smiled at him gently "Don't worry, I'm sure you'll be alright there," Dumbledore replied. The train lurched and finally came to a stop, "This is your stop," Dumbledore said, gesturing to the door. "What is this place?" Fred asked, trying to look out of the windows, but unable to see anything. Realizing that Dumbledore wasn't going to say anything, Fred took a deep breath, "Fine then, er, how do I open the doors?" he asked. He required no answer, as, as soon as he uttered the words, the doors of the train opened and a bright light blinded Fred. He squinted into the light and felt a slight nudge on his back, but when he turned around, Dumbledore wasn't there. "Fred?" he started at the sound of his name and looked around, but all he could see was the bright light. "Hello?" he called out, frightened. "Fred?" he closed his eyes and willed his feet to carry him forward. Once he took that step forward, the bright light vanished, and instead, he found himself in- "What the hell?" he said, looking around what looked like the Heads Dormitory at Hogwarts. He knew what it looked like; after all, he and George knew more about the school than anyone else, probably even Dumbledore. Harry was a close second. Fred felt a pang as the names of those he would never see again rushed through his mind. His parents' faces hovered in his mind and he felt a lump rise up in his throat. The rest of the Weasley clan, Harry, Hermione, Angelina, Oliver, Lee, Hagrid, his shop, Hogwarts; the images of all he would miss followed that of his parents, and he felt a tear fall down his face. He wiped it away quickly. "Fred?" a voice said in disbelief, and he looked around quickly. There were people in there, people who looked familiar, but who he couldn't place. There was one, the one who had been addressing him, and when he saw him, Fred let out a cry of relief. "Sirius!" he exclaimed. "No," Sirius breathed, as he walked over to Fred, "Fred! No you can't be dead! What happened?" he asked, and Fred bit his lip, frowning. "We were dueling," Fred said, and Sirius nodded, paying close attention, "We were dueling Death Eaters, Perce and I," he said, and Sirius's eyebrows raised to his hairline "Wait," he said, holding up a finger, "Percy?" he asked, and Fred nodded "He made up with the family before the Battle," Fred said, and Sirius nodded, before stopping suddenly. "Battle?" Sirius asked worriedly, and Fred nodded, suddenly feeling so much more relaxed, now that he had found someone. "At Hogwarts," Fred said, and Sirius frowned "Death Eaters?" he asked regretfully, and Fred nodded slowly "Voldemort wants Harry," he said, and Sirius swore. At the sound of Sirius swearing, a man walked over to them, and Fred felt his stomach fall, "NO!" he yelled, pointing at the man, "NO! You can't be dead! No! Harry!" he said, looking at the man, who only smiled slightly "I'm not Harry mate, why don't you come sit down, I'm sure we all want to hear the story," he said, looking at Sirius, who had his hands fisted in his hair. "He'll be okay," said Sirius to himself, "He'll be fine" "He will," Fred said, "I saw him not five minutes ago," he said, and then frowned, "Well, I saw him a couple seconds before the explosion, and he was fine," Fred said uncertainly, and Sirius nodded. "Sorry mate," Sirius said, standing up, "I have to make introductions, Fred, this is James," he said, motioning to the man standing next to him, and Fred's eyes widened "Potter?" he asked, and James nodded, slightly abashed, "The James Potter? Harry's dad?" he asked, and James nodded again, "No!" he said disbelievingly, "I thought they were joking when they said Harry looked exactly like you," he mused, and James grinned, "No but this is all wrong," he said, and James's eyebrows raised, "Your eyes are wrong," he said, and James chuckled as Sirius snorted "Technically, Harry's eyes are wrong, I'm the original you see," said James, and Sirius rolled his eyes as Fred laughed. "Shut it," Sirius said to James, and Fred saw, for the first time, a different light in Sirius's eyes. Sirius and James were best mates. Brothers even. Fred sighed as he saw the bond, and Sirius looked at him curiously, "What's wrong?" Sirius asked "Other than being dead, which I swear you get used to, it seems like it never happened now," James said, and Fred grinned. "George," Fred said, and Sirius looked at him sympathetically, while James looked clueless. Sirius put his arm around Fred's shoulders and clapped him on the shoulder comfortingly "He's going to be fine mate, and don't you want him to be alive?" Sirius asked, and Fred nodded "I'm not used to flying solo," Fred said, and Sirius snorted, "What?" "Honestly, the terror the two of you were," Sirius chuckled, and Fred grinned. James smiled sadly, which didn't go unnoticed by Fred, "Come on, I'll introduce you to the rest of the zombies," Sirius said, and Fred laughed as James rolled his eyes. "There's only one more," James said, and Sirius shrugged. Fred couldn't imagine how Sirius had lived all those years without James. The two seemed inseparable. "Fred Weasley," Sirius said grandly, "This is Lily," he said, and the last person on the couch turned around. Fred found himself looking into Harry's eyes. "He does have your eyes," Fred said, and Sirius grinned as Lily raised her eyebrows. "Harry?" she said, and Fred nodded, "You know him?" she asked, and Fred nodded once more "I did too," Sirius said, and Lily rolled her eyes "Yes but you died," she said, and winked at him, as he pretended to be insulted, "It's nice to meet you," she said politely to Fred. "Okay enough of the niceties," Sirius said, "I'm choking on the sentiment. Siriusly," he said, and James roared with laughter as Lily rolled her eyes. "Honestly, thank Merlin you're here, or I'd be stuck with these two forever," she said to Fred, who grinned "I don't think you should say that Lily-Flower," Sirius said, "This is Fred Weasley," he said, throwing his arm around Fred's