So, this is just a one-shot idea I had, the content of which you'll figure out soon. I reckon I'll let you go ahead and read to find out for now. " When did I become so numb? When did I lose myself? All the words that leave my tongue Feel like they came from someone else I'm paralyzed Where are my feelings? I no longer feel things I know I should I'm paralyzed Where is the real me? I'm lost and it kills me - inside I'm paralyzed…" —NF Carina had thought that finally, things would be over. Finally, they'd get peace. She was wrong. Now, she was in a situation she'd never thought she'd be in, being forced to make a choice that seemed impossible; she was trembling as she watched them, Amycus and Alecto Carrow. It was from fear just as much as it was fury, but it was not fear for herself—no, it was for the two girls they held at wandpoint, the girls she knew all too well. Hermione Granger and Luna Lovegood. There was no way to save them, no way to do anything, not with these two utterly mad people ready to kill the two if she made a wrong move. "You can take me," Carina forced through gritted teeth. "Leave them be." "Why on earth would we do that?" inquired Amycus, as if they were talking about something simple such as the weather, or what to have for dinner. "We don't want you." "We want you to suffer," finished Alecto, who suddenly grinned. "So, here's how it's going to be. You have thirty seconds to decide which one dies and which one lives. If you don't decide...well…" "They both die." "Exactly." The woman's grin dropped. "Tick tock, Black." The raven haired girl used every bit of willpower to stop herself from quivering and raised a steady hand, wand ready, only to be stopped by Amycus jabbing his wand into Hermione's throat; the brunette squeaked. "I wouldn't do that if I were you," Amycus trailed his wand along her neck, tone casual. "After all, there are far worse things than death." Carina lowered her arm, but her fingers flexed along the handle as she clenched her jaw; she could not just let them die, but what other choice did she have? Hermione and Luna were both staring at her, brown and silver eyes wide with understanding, and Luna flickered hers to Hermione in a clear message of, It's okay. Pick her. Carina swallowed hard. It was not that easy, not a choice that she could make lightly. Hermione was her first love, first friend, her betrayer turned lover. In her early years it had been Hermione who helped her through her issues, Hermione who soothed her nightmares and got them out of many situations in which they might not have lived otherwise. Hermione had been there for her after her father was murdered, before Azkaban. And after Azkaban, Carina had found that her love for the brunette was unshakeable, no matter how hurt and angry she felt, because when it came down to it, she would always defend Hermione, always care for her. Hermione, with her bushy brown curls and penchant for reading perhaps a bit too much, the brightest witch of her age. After they had reconciled, it was Hermione who had held her when she would awaken screaming, Hermione who would keep her company on watch, and would take care of her when she was injured; Hermione, who accepted her flaws and faults and fought by her side for so long and had finally, finally, came to confess that she loved Carina, too. But then there was Luna. Luna, her light in the darkness, the one who had not been wary of her after coming back from Azkaban, who knew how dangerous Carina could be, how unpredictable, and made friends with her anyway. Luna, who could calm her with just a touch, who knew exactly what so say and exactly how she felt, who understood on such deep levels that it was frightening at times; Luna, who said and believed odd things and comforted Carina when she was going out of her mind and who helped Carina to realize her feelings for Hermione. Luna, who would offer her a serene smile and never once get angry at things she said or did, who never asked for anything in return for the companionship she gave, who so selflessly helped her over and over and cared for Carina just as much as she did for the blonde. Luna...she was different. Their bond was different. Luna was...she was family . She was home. "Ten seconds," Alecto laughed, and the raven haired girl swallowed hard, feeling a sharp stinging behind her eyes, her vision blurring; she paid it no mind and blinked furiously for a moment. Luna or Hermione...Merlin, I can't...they won't just kill one of them, they'll torture them anyway, I know it. "Seven," drawled Amycus almost boredly. "Six!" "Five." Carina could feel her entire body begin to shake as she raised her wand again, choice clear in mind. She could not even aim correctly, she was trembling so furiously, and she could only barely feel the wetness on her cheeks. "Four!" I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, so, so sorry…please forgive me… Luna stared at her, understanding clear in her eyes, and Hermione was giving her a near identical look of her own, one clear of judgement as she straightened, turning to exchange a look with the blonde. Both nodded to one another after that moment, both obviously thinking it was the other who would be picked. Only one was correct. "Three." Carina choked on the lump that had appeared in her throat, and she was only vaguely aware of her lips moving in murmured apologies, frantically being repeated over and over just as they were in her head, heart pounding hard in her ears. "Two!" She tightened her grip on her wand and aimed it at it's target. I won't let them hurt you. Never again. "One." " Avada Kedavra." And then, indescribable agony. ~~~xxx~~~ Luna Lovegood stared in shock as Hermione Granger crumpled to the ground, brown eyes wide and unseeing, when just moments before, they had been filled with so many emotions at once as she straightened her back and tipped her chin up in a show of bravado that both knew she really did not feel. As she watched Carina Black let out an anguished howl and drop her wand, falling to her knees, she felt someone push her forward and heard two distinct cracks-her captors were gone. Luna realized something then, in the way Hermione had been looking at her with the clearest of messages, Take care of her. The blonde knew she had been giving the older witch much the same look, but had nevertheless nodded at her, and Hermione had nodded back; Luna had been prepared to die. She had been prepared to be killed so that Carina could finally have the chance at happiness she deserved, so that she could finally have the peace she had worked so hard for and never before experienced. She had been ready to die at the hands of Alecto Carrow, but… Her death had never came. Instead, Carina had leveled her wand at Hermione, trembling furiously as she mumbled, over and over again, just barely loud enough to hear, " I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, please forgive me, please please please, I'm sorry, Iloveyou, please…" And then, Hermione had seemed to be steeling herself as her partner turned her head, closed her eyes, and uttered those fateful words, voice strangled, " Avada Kedavra." And now...she was gone. But what struck Luna was that Hermione knew. She had known who Carina would pick from the very beginning when Luna herself had been positive it would be Hermione who would live, who would piece Carina together after her death. But instead, it looked like the blonde would be the one doing so again, and this time alone. Carefully, she approached Carina and knelt beside her; the older girl was hunched over, fingers digging into the ground as raven hair spilled around her face. Luna brushed aside most of it, and when red rimmed, watery gray eyes looked up at her, she took in the tear stained cheeks and felt a stab of pain. She had lost a friend. Carina had lost a lover. "I couldn't let them hurt her," the raven haired witch managed, shaking her head furiously as she curled her fingers farther into the dirt, chest heaving. "I couldn't. Not again. Never again." "Carina…" murmured Luna, feeling her own eyes well with tears, despair for what had been done and the life that had been lost overtaking her. "I had to," Carina leaned back over, shutting her eyes tightly. "They wouldn't have...they'd have t-tortured her first. I couldn't. I had to. And I had to save you. I couldn't let them take you, either. I need you." She chose me...oh, Carina... The blonde reached out for her, but hesitated and dropped her hand when the other girl choked, quivering body tensing; Luna barely had time to grab Carina's hair before she began to vomit, and soon, that escalated into dry heaving and strangled sobs. All Luna could do was pull her closer, bury her face in Carina's hair, and try to hold herself together for her friend. ~~~xxx~~~ "Do you want to see her?" The words were uttered by Harry tentatively a few days later, and at first, Carina looked as though she were about to say no, but then seemed to reconsider. Everyone else at the funeral was dressed immaculately, and so was she, to a point, in her dark muggle clothing and black cloak, hair curling around her shoulders; she looked, as Luna had heard many whisper, like the angel of death. There were dark circles under her eyes, and her normally fair skin was paler than normal, making the scar on her face stand out as she nodded once and brushed by Harry, slowly approaching the coffin; he had understood the reasons for Hermione's death, as had Ginny and the other Weasleys, bar Ron. Ron...he had went ballistic on her, screaming about how he knew he shouldn't have trusted her to protect Hermione, and Carina had just stood there, the fire drained out of her, and stared. Carina stood by the open casket, at Hermione, who lay inside, looking striking in her white dress with her hair done in glossy curls; Luna stood by and watched as, for a moment, her friend's face filled with reverence as she merely gazed down at the brunette. Her eyes roved over her lover's lifeless form, and then she carefully reached out a hand. Pale fingertips brushed an equally pale cheek, and then Carina recoiled as though bitten, any outward sign of the previous display of near worshipfulness replaced by a mask of horror, gray eyes wide as she backed away and rushed past Luna out of the room, leaving many staring after her with pity. Luna followed. She found her standing outside in the rain, hair plastered to her head, which was bowed, fists clenched. Luna came to stand by her silently, watching and waiting. She knew better than to push, especially at a time like this, when she was hurting so deeply, far worse than anyone else; the past few days had been hard for her. She hardly ate, and had barely gotten any sleep; if she did, always woke up after a particularly terrible nightmare with Hermione's name on her lips, and Luna would have to attempt to soothe her. She had been hurt before, torn down and beaten. But now she was broken, and that much was clear. Luna suppressed a shiver as the rain hit her, but did not otherwise move, only watched; she had wished on more than one occasion that it was she who