I thought to do snippets here of Sirius and Carina and the first time they met, the summer they lived together, and then, the last time they saw each other. It is all from Sirius's point of view, and the italics saying things like "fourth time, fifth time" don't mean the literal fifth or sixth time, but moments to remember, if you get what I mean. We all know how Carina felt about her father, but no one ever saw in Blackest of Souls how he felt about her, though it was assumed he loved her. Hopefully you guys enjoy this, but please give me feedback on if it's any good or not, because I have my doubts. To be the father of growing daughters is to understand something of what Yeats evokes with his imperishable phrase 'terrible beauty.' Nothing can make one so happily exhilarated or so frightened: it's a solid lesson in the limitations of self to realize that your heart is running around in someone else's body. It also makes me quite astonishingly calm at the thought of death: I know whom I would die to protect and I also understand that nobody but a lugubrious serf can possibly wish for a father who never goes away. –Christopher Hitchens The first time Sirius saw his daughter after his incarceration, after escaping Azkaban, it was when she had a wand pointed at his throat and her body angled before those of her friends', standing side by side with Harry Potter. He could not help but stare, not really. His baby girl, his little Carina, was right here before him after twelve years, and he couldn't believe his eyes. She was a rather tall thing for her age, at least the size of the Weasley boy, more so than even Harry by just a bit, with a long mane of raven hair and fair skin. Her features, so well defined for a girl just hitting her teen years, were already sharp, any baby fat already quickly on its way to disappearing as the months go by. She was, perhaps, rather gangly, with longer limbs than she knew what to do with at the moment, and her body developing signs of womanhood, making his heart clench at the thought, for he had missed her childhood. Her dark brows were turned down at him, arm quivering with what he knew to be fear, and yet she rolled her shoulders and pursed her lips, gripping her wand tighter. "We have to kill him," Harry hissed at her, looking so much like James that it sent a shock through Sirius, who, once again, was struck with what else he had lost. His best friend, and then his godson. His green eyes blazed. Carina's own gray, so much like his own, flashed as they snapped to the boy, regarding him. Thirteen, and already so brave. "I know," she said evenly. Sirius could not believe either of them to be capable of killing, but he was glad, then, that his daughter had found friends to stick by her, especially one in his godson. As he let his gaze flit across them all, however, the four of them, he was reminded of his own past comrades and felt anger ignite in him again. The rat. He needed the rat to make this okay, but how? He was being held at wandpoint, there were no real ways he could do this without harming them and getting himself hurt in the process. It was just his luck when the door slammed open and Remus barrelled in with a cry of, "Expelliarmus!", catching every wand that shot toward him and stuffing them into his robe pocket. Hastily, as he helped Sirius to his feet (for the man had not deigned to get up after his brawl with Harry), the darker man noticed the looks of utmost betrayal on each teenager's face, Carina's especially, as they all backed away. "The rat," Sirius all but flung himself at Remus, partly overjoyed to have been believed, to see his old friend again, and another because he needed to get to Peter, for this was too important to waste. He muttered again, more harshly, "We need the rat. We need to get it, he has it, we need him—" "Sirius," Remus said carefully, prying him away to hold him at arm's length. He, at least, looked calm enough, if a bit frazzled and worse for wear. "Don't you think they deserve to know why?" Sirius jerked away from the man, gripping his hair as he paced, the screams in his mind only intensifying. They did not have much time, not at all, and he needed this, needed to win them over, but that involved getting Peter, first… "I already know why!" Harry raged, though he did not move from his spot, obviously knowing it would be a terrible idea. "Because he killed my parents, and he's come to finish me off, and maybe Carina, as well, for good measure!" "Sirius never betrayed Lily and James, Harry," Remus ran a hand over his face, as though he couldn't believe how this could have happened to them, either. It was affecting him deeply as well. "Yeah?" challenged Carina, and she was the one who moved, positioned herself just a bit in front of the reckless Harry, who looked ready to lunge again despite the consequences. "Then who did? Because this sounds like a load of rubbish!" " Peter Pettigrew," Sirius spat, and his eyes fell upon the rat the Weasley boy was clutching protectively to his chest, cradling it with his uninjured arm. Oh, what he wouldn't give to rip that little vermin apart limb from limb, make him suffer… "He's an animagus," the werewolf beside him was quick to explain, as always, lecturing. "He can change his form at will. Sirius was a dog, James, a stag, and Peter...he was a rat." They should have known, thought Sirius, just because of that. A shifty little rat who would do anything to save his own skin. "Peter was the secret keeper," Remus continued, wary as the children all huddled in their corner, watchful, conspiring in their own minds, trying to find a way out. He could tell, and so could Sirius; Carina had even glanced at the window once or twice, as if considering jumping. "Not Sirius. He was the one who sold out Lily and James. He was the one who killed those muggles." "How long have you had that rat for, boy?" Sirius barked at the Weasley, Ronnie or something, who quaked under his fierce gaze. "T-Twelve years," the boy spluttered, defensive. "He-He's got a long lifespan, he's magical or something...he's been in my family forever!" "And his toe? He's missing one, isn't he?" the animagus crept forward, feeling his chest rumble as he locked his eyes on the rat, which had begun to struggle furiously. "All they found left of Pettigrew was…" "A finger," whispered the second girl, Hermione, horrorstruck. "A finger," Remus concluded, nodding, and he carefully reached out, trying to keep his tone soothing when Sirius could see clearly his own restrained fury. "Now, if you let us test it, just to see, we can prove it. If it's a normal rat, it won't be harmed." Harry's emerald eyes flitted back and forth, before he commanded quietly, "Give them the rat, Ron." "What?" the redhead jolted, startled and a bit offended. "Harry—" "Give them the rat," Carina also demanded, gaze trained upon Sirius, never once wavering. The two together were enough to make Ron slowly pass the rat to Remus, but it immediately nipped at his fingers, squealed, and made to run. The werewolf tossed Sirius a wand, whose, he did not know (though he would later discover it was his daughter's), but it was warm in his hand as he and Remus lunged at the same time, the latter of the two catching the rat with a spell. The rat morphed into a plump, scraggly looking man with watery blue eyes, and he twitched nervously when the men advanced on him. "N-Now Remus, S-Sirius," he hastily stuttered, flinching when their cold eyes landed upon him. "Come, now, I had to save m-myself, he would have killed me!" "THEN YOU SHOULD HAVE DIED!" Sirius could not stop himself from roaring, making a dash around the table for Peter, who scrambled back and as far away as he could reach, eyes darting about frantically, looking for a way to escape. "DIED RATHER THAN BETRAY THEM, AS WE WOULD HAVE DONE FOR YOU!" "I think it's time we end this now, shall we?" interrupted Remus, finally, finally giving Sirius what he wanted as they held the wands aloft. It was just luck that everything went to hell when Severus Snape burst in. ~~~xxx~~~ The second time Sirius saw his daughter, she was sliding off the back of a Hippogriff, accompanied by Harry Potter and Hermione Granger, hurrying to his cell in the tower. "Bombarda!" cried the brunette without preamble, and Sirius ducked out of the way of the rubble, scrambling to his feet as he regarded the hole where the cell door used to be. He marveled at the fact that a girl that young could do such a thing. "You really are the brightest witch of your age," he told her. "And, Harry," he put a hand on the boy's shoulder, and Harry looked positively delighted at the contact, at him. It made Sirius feel guilty that he would have to leave. "perhaps, someday, we can all be a family together. You know, you look just like your father, but—" "With my mum's eyes," Harry finished, though he grinned faintly. "I know." Sirius squeezed his shoulder once, before moving onto Carina, who was standing there with her arms dangling at her sides, unsure as he approached and crouched before her, resting both hands on her shoulders. "And you," Sirius regarded his daughter, his own flesh and blood, and was struck with how alike they looked. "You look just like me," he smiled at her, but noticed something else. "I couldn't have been happier to meet you, Carina. I'm proud of you." He had taken note how she flinched when his hands came into contact with her, but he filed that away for later, instead, as he watched her gray eyes shine in the moonlight. "You need to go," Carina said softly, and she did not look at all happy about it. "I'm glad we didn't kill you," she offered him a weak, crooked smile. Sirius nodded, feeling his heart clench and warm all at was as his throat constricted, and he managed to utter, "So am I," before he could not help but stand and pull her into his arms. Finally, something felt right, as he cradled her head with one hand and wrapped the other arm around her tightly. The raven haired girl at first went stiff in his embrace, but carefully twined her arms around him after a moment, tucking her face into the crook of his neck. Sirius breathed in deeply, taking in the scent of his baby girl, who smelt of vanilla and pine, and he tried to commit it to memory. Who knew when he would see her again, if ever? "You need to go now," Hermione cut in regretfully, and when Carina pulled back, wrapped an arm around the girl, who swallowed hard. "Alright," the man let out a breath, but he could feel his eyes sting as he made his way to the Hippogriff and hopped on. He surveyed the teenagers who had broken him out, one by one, but as always, his fell back upon Carina Black. "I suppose this is goodbye, for now." The children all smiled at him, and when he took off, he could just hear a certain girl calling after him, " Goodbye, dad!" That alone made Sirius smile. ~~~xxx~~~ The third time he saw his daughter, it was