Title: Something wicked this way comes Author: Gil Feir Rating: M (for later chapters) Genre: Slash. What else? Warning: Much smut and slash, some quite explicit scenes. Non-con. Disclaimer: Same old, same old. Summary: Legolas and Aragorn finally arrive in Mirkwood and there is so much to see and learn that Aragorn nearly forgets the danger that lurks behind every tree. And then something so wicked and horrible happens that it could shatter the future of Legolas and Aragorn. A/N 1: This is the sequel to An Autumn's Tale. It was intendes as the first part of another series of stories, but my muse left me, so this story is (sadly enough) the end of this series. That is, until my muse finds me again. The reading order is: A winter's tale , A spring's tale , A summer's tale and An autumn's tale , Something wicked this way comes . g Hope you enjoy it. A/N 2: I know you are all waiting for good old Lithdal to show up. Well, your wish shall be granted soon. He will play a major part in this story, although he appears rather late. Chapter 1: Entering Mirkwood They had entered the Forest of Mirkwood four days ago, and still Aragorn could not take his eyes away from the mighty trees that rose all around him. To their left, the Forest River gurgled merrily in its bed of white stones. While the river was not wider than a man was tall, its current was strong and the river deep. Boulders and rocks were hidden under the surface, creating eddies and splashing waves. Legolas had explained that the Forest River originated somewhere in the Ered Mithrin, the Grey Mountains. It ran South for many miles before it entered Mirkwood, where it turned East, past the Home of the Wood-elves and then out into the Long Lake, where the town Esgaroth had been rebuild after the fall of the dragon Smaug. There the waters of the Forest River joined the water of the River Running, and together they ran South into the Sea of Rhûn, where their journey ended. Legolas had told this so passionately, that Aragorn had thought for a moment that Legolas was speaking of two lovers and not rivers. In a way, it was a nice thought, for the two rivers rested together for all eternity in the large Sea of Rhûn. While their journey took the elves Eastwards along the river towards the area that the Wood-elves had made their home, Legolas told them all stories of his home. He seemed to enjoy to point out plants and animals, to entertain Aragorn with lengthy explanations of the cartography of the area and he was especially fond of the history of the Silvans in general and his House in particular. Aragorn, on his part, was an avid listener. Of course he had been taught in the history of Mirkwood and its inhabitants by his tutors, had been shown pictures of the plants that only grew in this forest, and heard tales of the Wood-elves. But all his tutoring paled in comparison to what he now saw, heard and smelled. Mirkwood was a magical place! The first thought that had crossed Aragorn's mind upon entering Mirkwood was that the forest was not as dark and foreboding as everyone said it to be. On the contrary! The road that they followed ran alongside the river, and while the trees stood close, their boughs were not dense enough to shut out the light. The branches closed above them like an archway, but there was enough space between the branches to let the sunlight filter through it. Aragorn had heard his brothers saying that riding through Mirkwood was like riding through a dark tunnel. But Aragorn did not think so. Riding through Mirkwood was like riding through a green wonderland. Soft green grass grew to both sides of the path, speckled with tiny flowers that blossomed white and red. Mushrooms grew on the barks of the trees and near the road. Birds and smaller animals seemed to be everywhere, and once Aragorn thought he even saw a large buck. Not once did he have the feeling of being watched by something invisible, and when the fourth day of their journey ended and they made camp at the side of the road, he began to think that his brothers had exaggerated and that their stories had been nothing but fairy tales to scare him. No, in his opinion, what he had seen of Mirkwood so far was not scary at all. It was fascinating. The only thing that dimmed his happiness of finally having reached the old forest of the Wood-elves was his slow recovery. Even so many days after having been rescued from the orcs, he was too weak to ride on his own. He had to sit in front of Legolas or one of the other elves, for his dislocated arm and leg made it impossible for him to ride behind. Furthermore, the arrow wound on Legolas's back had not healed yet, and Aragorn knew that it must be painful for Legolas if he rode behind him. He knew that the other elves and especially Legolas did not mind him riding with them, but it was frustrating to say the least. Aragorn was no stranger to pain, but he began to truly hate the fact that his limbs and especially his ribs still hurt quite badly. He was sure, had it not been for the pain dulling tea he drank every day, he would not have been able to ride at all. To make matters worse, he was still exceedingly weak from the blood loss he had suffered, and so he tired easily. Try as he might, he could not stay awake for longer than a few hours at a time, even though he slept all through the night without taking a single watch. He was a healer and knew that he was lucky to be alive at all, but that did not change his feelings of sheer frustration and helplessness at the matter. He had been so looking forward to finally journey to Mirkwood! And then he had not only been allowed to go, but Legolas had come with him, too. And now he was here, and he could not enjoy it as he wished to, for his pain and tiredness dulled the wonders he saw. The only bright light in his gloom of misery was that Legolas had barely left his side since he had saved him from the orc camp. During the day Aragorn mostly rode with Legolas, secure in his strong arms and warmed by the elf's love, and at night Legolas would lay down close beside him, claiming that he only wanted to make sure that nothing evil befell him in the dark. Aragorn had to smile every time the elf's fingers secretly brushed his while they rode, or when Legolas tucked a strand of his dark hair out of his face at night. Deep inside, Aragorn did not care any longer whether the other elves learned of their relationship or not, but he did not know how Legolas thought of the matter, and therefore he kept silent. But, Aragorn had to admit, he was really looking forward to reaching the Palace and to simply be alone with Legolas for a while. Just for an hour, a few minutes…just long enough so that he could look Legolas deep into the eyes and tell him how much he loved him, and how much he thanked him for saving his life. As it was, they were still at least two days away from the Palace, for their gait was slow due to Aragorn's injuries. At the evening of their fourth day in Mirkwood, they stopped their horses, brushed them down and watered them, then made camp. Legolas told them that he thought it unwise to light a fire, and although none of them felt any threat, they followed his advice. They sat down on the cold ground, leaning back against the mighty trees, and ate cold meat and Lembas. They had run out of dried berries and nuts two days ago. The water from the Forest River tasted strangely salty, but Legolas assured them all that it was clean and of good quality. When night fell completely and darkness descended on the forest, the temperature dropped drastically. It was close to winter, and while the days were still warm enough to feel comfortable in a cloak, the nights were chilly. Tired and in pain from the long ride, Aragorn soon began to shiver slightly. Since he had lost so much blood, he had felt bouts of extreme cold and trembling, but it had gotten lesser as the days passed. Still, from time to time these bouts returned, making him feel like a sick child. While the elves talked quietly, he leaned his weary body back against a large tree, tightened his cloak around his shoulders and closed his tired eyes. Almost immediately the chatter of his companions became softer and was soon nothing more than a whisper in the background. But while the voices of the elves dimmed, the voice of the forest seemed to awaken. With his eyes closed and nothing but his hearing for company, Aragorn meant to hear the river gurgling loudly, as if he was sitting directly at its banks, and not a few feet away. There was a soft rustling in the leaves of the tree he was leaning against, maybe some bird or squirrel. And there, to his right and across the path, Aragorn imagined to hear the scurrying of many tiny feet. Perhaps a family of mice or rats was hurrying through the underbrush. A lonely hoot of an owl reached his ears, and Aragorn sighed deeply. Indeed, Mirkwood was a strange place, but certainly not stranger than any of the other places he had been so far. With the sounds of Mirkwood in his ears, Aragorn soon dozed off. He was woken but an hour later by the strong shivering of his own body. Opening his eyes tiredly, Aragorn blinked a few times, but he saw absolutely nothing. The darkness around him had neither shadows of grey or shades of white like he was used to, and he shifted uncomfortably. That was the only thing his brothers had told him and that had been correct so far, he thought. The nights of Mirkwood were as dark as death. Slightly unnerved by the complete darkness, Aragorn blinked again and turned his head left and right. He could still hear the sounds of the river, but the forest had gone eerily quiet. He could neither hear scurrying feet anymore, nor the rustle of leaves in the trees…or the quiet voices of his companions. Eyes wide but unseeing, the young man tried to catch the soft sounds of his companions. Surely they had not left him… A moment later, his ears picked up the sound of rustling material, then soft footsteps that neared his position. A second later, his eyes made out a soft blue and white elvish glow. Smiling weakly, Aragorn waited until Legolas reached his side and crouched down beside him, before he spoke. "I must have fallen asleep." His voice was soft and scratchy and still groggy from his slumber. Beside him, Legolas smiled warmly down at him and tilted his head to the side. Even in the dark, Aragorn could easily read the worry in the elf's blue eyes, and his heart constricted. He quickly sat up a bit straighter to show Legolas that he was on the mend, and that there was no need to worry. But instead of reassuring Legolas that he was well, he only increased the elf's worry when he suddenly gasped and grimaced in pain. His leg send a bolt of lighting pain through his thigh, and Aragorn stiffened. "Easy, Estel." Legolas admonished and leaned closer. "Your