Title: Resurrection of Evil Rating: T (for graphic images, smut and violence) Pairing: Aragorn/Legolas Disclaimer : I do not own Lord of the Rings or any of the characters or related trademarks. I make no profit with this story. Warning: Much smut and A/L. Explicit scenes. Violence. Summary: After the harrowing experiences in Mirkwood, Aragorn returns to the Dunedain. When Legolas visits him, dark dreams start to haunt Aragorn. Will tragedy strike again? A/N: Here it is, the new story!! Thanks for all the support!! This story continues where * Something wicked this way comes * ended. It is set a few months after Legolas's arrival in Rivendell after the gruesome attacks in Mirkwood. The reading order of my stories is as follows: ~Season's Tales~ A Winter's Tale A Spring's Tale A Summer's Tale An Autumn's Tale ~The Black Heart ~ Something wicked this way comes Resurrection of Evil Chapter 1: Stranger in the night Aragorn was exhausted. With his hood drawn deep into his face, his shoulders hunched and his whole body bent low over the neck of his steed, he braced the raging winter storm as best as he could. The howling wind lashed tiny ice crystals at him from all sides, and Aragorn had long ago surrendered to the fact that he could not entirely protect his face from the harsh cold. His cheeks and nose were red from the chill in the air, while his lips felt frozen. He was not sure if he could move them even if he wanted to. But the small village of the rangers he was headed to was only a few hours ride away, and if nothing untoward happened he would reach it before midnight. The plains around him darkened with the sinking sun, and Aragorn knew that it would be wiser to stop and wait until morn before riding on. But he was cold, and tired, and wanted nothing more than to fall into bed and sleep for a week. And so, he huddled deeper into his cloak, turned his head away from the freezing wind, and rode on. It had been a few months since Aragorn had left Imladris and returned to the village the rangers had established many decades ago in The Angle, only a day's ride south of the ford at the Bruinen. The village was well hidden between the rolling hills of Rhudaur, and few travelers strayed that far from the road. No paths led straight to it, no signs pointed the way. But those who knew where to look easily found their way to it. Aragorn's parents had lived there, and his uncle and cousins still did. Whenever Aragorn rode with the rangers, he stayed in his parent's old house, which had been unoccupied since the days he had been brought to Rivendell at the age of two. Aragorn had made good friends in the village, and although it still did not feel like 'home' to him, he always felt a thrill of anticipation when he entered it. Not so this time. When Aragorn joined the rangers before the first snowfall of the last year, he was loath to do so. Not because of the fact that the village was not home to him, nor because of the prospect of long and arduous patrols that awaited him. No, he was not so much loath to join the rangers, but to leave Imladris. Legolas had been in Imladris. It had been a surprise and a relief to Aragorn when he had learned that Legolas had come to Rivendell last autumn, to try and mend their relationship. They had talked, talked a lot to be precise, and when autumn had slowly turned into winter, Aragorn had been sure that their relationship had a begun to heal. They both felt strongly for the other, felt a connection between them that only strengthened through the time apart. And then there was the passion neither could deny. Aragorn had longed to touch Legolas, to be close to him, to share with him the love and affection, that burning desire that always flowed through his veins when he was near him. But he had not given in to this desire, and neither had Legolas. Both knew that their bond had been threatened and damaged in Mirkwood, and they had silently come to the decision that they wanted to mend the bond on a purely non-physical basis. Passion was a good way to heal a broken heart, but this healing would not last. Only when they both wanted to heal the mind, to be friends and brothers in arms again, could they also be lovers again. And if he was completely honest with himself, Aragorn had to acknowledge that he had not been ready to be intimate with someone. Not after what Lithdal had done to him. To open up to Legolas verbally had been difficult enough. To give himself completely, to yield to another…that had been too difficult at the time. And then the rangers had asked for his return ere he had felt ready. Now, many months later, Aragorn regretted that he had not lain with Legolas. It had been over a year now, and Aragorn began to forget how it was. Whenever he thought about him at night, he felt his love and passion rise, and he wanted nothing more than to climb on his steed and head to Mirkwood. He missed Legolas. And not only the intimacy they used to share in bed, but also their conversations. Legolas had become his confident, and Aragorn missed sharing his thoughts and feelings. Alas, Legolas had returned to Mirkwood the same day Aragorn had returned to the rangers, and he hadn't heard of him since. His brothers had written to him and reassured him that Legolas arrived in Mirkwood safe and sound, but since then communication with Rivendell had been sparse. It was mostly due to Aragorn's own busy schedule. Shortly upon arriving in the village he left again on a patrol that took far longer than he had anticipated. As soon as he returned, he was summoned to a ranger camp near Tharbad, where he had been snowed in. He had been unable to return to the village or send any message North. Now, in early February, the snow had thinned and Aragorn had immediately left for the village. It was still cold and he knew that the winter was not over yet, but that could not deter him. In his packs he carried letters to family members of the rangers who stayed behind in Tharbad, as well as a few letters of his own. He had written to Legolas during the dark, cold and long nights he had stayed in Tharbad, but had been unable to send. He had not yet decided if he would send them, and he was too tired at the moment to think about it. All he wanted now, after days of riding through the snow and cold, was to fall into his bed and sleep. A few hours later, Aragorn's equally tired horse climbed a small snow covered hill. Looking down, his face numb from the cold, Aragorn finally made out the tiny orange glow of torches. Beneath him, the village nested between two rolling hills that were but dark shadows in the night. Sighing in relief, Aragorn pressed his knees into his horse's flanks. They made their way slowly down the hill, and when they reached the wooden palisade that protected the village from wild beasts and the worst of the storm, Aragorn could barely keep his eyes from sliding shut. Valar, he was tired. He gave the password and the guard let him enter, greeting him warmly upon recognizing him. Aragorn merely nodded his head tiredly, then led his horse towards the common stable. He dismounted awkwardly, for his thighs were numb with cold. His fingers barely managed the saddle belt, but he diligently brushed his horse down, gave him food and water and some treats, before he shouldered his packs and left for his own bed. ***** Legolas was shrouded in near complete darkness when he woke. His keen elven eyes had no problem in piercing the darkness, but he saw no intruder. What had woken him? For a moment, he lay completely still, listening. A scraping sound reached his ears and immediately Legolas was on his feet, his hand reaching out for his dagger. Silently he made his way over to the door and opened it just enough so that he could look out. What he saw made his heart jump faster in his chest. A smile formed on his lips, but it wavered and Legolas was suddenly nervous. He watched as the door to the small house was pushed open. Rain and snow were blown in, before a tall figure appeared in the doorway. The door was closed rather slowly, the bolt automatically slid shut to keep the door from being blown open by the storm. Legolas watched as Aragorn leaned against the door for a moment, his shoulders slumped and his proud back hunched in exhaustion. The smile faded from Legolas's lips as he watched his friend and lover, whom he had not seen in months, settle his packs on a stool, before he slowly peeled himself out of his wet leather overcoat. His movements were slow and stiff, as if he was hurting all over. Apparently Aragorn was so tired, that he did not even notice the glowing embers of a fire in the hearth, a hearth that should by all means be dark and cold. When Legolas had pictured Aragorn's return and their reunion, he had not imagined this scene. Legolas had reached the village but a few days ago. The winter in Mirkwood had not been as harsh as in the last years, and when he had learned that at least one pass over the Misty Mountains was, well not free of snow but passable, he had left Mirkwood behind to see Aragorn. He had missed him, oh Valar he missed him so much. When they had parted in Rivendell so many months ago, Legolas had felt as if there were still a lot of things left unspoken, as if there were things that had been left in the dark. That feeling had tormented him, urging him to go and see Aragorn as soon as possible. And of course, Legolas had felt the bodily pull as well. It had been more than a year since he had last lain with Aragorn, and he missed their shared passion almost as much as he missed Aragorn's shy smile and shining eyes. He had never been in this Dunedain village before, and the twin sons of Lord Elrond had accompanied him here, ere they had left for the Grey havens to meet with old friends that lived there. The rangers had welcomed him with open arms. It seemed that Aragorn had told tales of his and Elladan's and Elrohir's adventures, and the rangers knew that Aragorn and he were good friends. Because of their close friendship, the rangers had given him Aragorn's house to stay in until Aragorn's return. That they were lovers too, they did of course not know. While bonds between males were acceptable in elvish culture, it was an abnormality among humans. Legolas knew not whether the Dunedain followed the elvish or the human way, but Aragorn had never told him of relationships of people of the same gender among the Dunedain. Therefore, Legolas had kept quiet. Legolas had been surprised to find out that the house was not very big. It consisted of but two rooms, a larger living room, with a hearth and cooking area, and a bedroom. In the living room stood a wooden table, its surface polished by frequent use, as well as a low bench and two stools. A small cupboard held a few pots and plates. The bedroom had a bed, complete with a straw filled mattress and