"I love it!" Nessa squealed as her stylist added a few finishing touches to her new hairstyle. Gazing adoringly at herself in the over sized vanity mirror, Nessa studied the detail atop her head. The first thing she noticed was the colour, 'Neon Plum' wasn't exactly something you could miss. "The brighter the better" was her usual motto and according to the streets of The Capitol outside the salon window, most people seemed to agree with her. She flirted with herself coyly from beneath a sweeping fringe which covered one eye before turning her head slightly. For a moment she forgot about her hair and admired her face from this angle. She was extremely beautiful with an elegant jawline, defined cheekbones and flawless make-up, which as expected was overly dramatic and flamboyant. An almost white foundation gave her a gentle glow and provided the base for a baby blue colour to dress her plump lips, her eyes shimmered with eye shadow that blended outwards from white, through to a light blue, followed by a deeper blue and finished off with a purple, which almost matched her new hair colour. Her over sized false lashes fluttered violently as she blinked, the tips of each lash was decorated with tiny stars which also changed from blue to purple as they caught the light. Her hair now covered her ears as it flowed gracefully to her neck, the rest was pulled back tightly into a large bun, twisted around many times before being pinned with gem covered accessories From the center of the bun, four slender braids weaved their way down Nessa's back, black streaks intertwined with the purple as the extensions grew to a point where the tips were decorated with blue and black feathers, probably from some endangered bird of paradise. "Just wait until the girls get a look at me! They're going to turn 'gween with envy'" She giggled, mimicking an old quote she'd seen in a theatre show long ago. "Don't you worry, Sephie darling, once I step out of here, there'll be queues for miles, everybody wanting you to work your magic on them!" She spoke to the equally colourful man standing behind her but not once did she take her eyes off herself in the mirror. Twisting and turning her head to try and see every angle, then she paused and took a more serious tone. "But don't you forget Sephora, I'm your first priority!" She reminded him sternly, he just smiled and nodded, he too was impressed by his most recent work of art. "Well then, I best be off." Nessa rose from the salon chair and spun to face Sephora. Her royal blue, satin dress struggled to fit between the chair and the vanity table as she moved. The dress was very pretty and yet oozed with power as the colour matched the gentle regal theme it carried. Low cut and off the shoulder it revealed her neck, shoulders and just about covered her bosom. The top half of the dress was corseted and the ribbed frame caressed her waistline. The back of the dress plunged deep, stopping just before her back curved into her perky bottom. The exposure of her back meant that the four braids could tickle her skin as she moved her head and she liked the soft sensation it sent up her spine. The dress itself stopped just above the knee, but a translucent lighter material fell from her waist down to the floor. The same material acted as a soft tutu beneath the dress and created the pouffy look which was limiting her movement in tight areas, but as her mother always said, "Fashion before Comfort." Nessa had grown up in The Capitol and so it seemed that 'fashion' came before everything. The people of The Capitol weren't all bad people, in fact, most of them were just regular citizens, with normal lives, a home, a pet, a partner, a child or two, some of them even had a job. Although compared to the outer Districts, their jobs were less labour and more leisure. Nessa had worked as a model for several years, which didn't deflect from her obsession with fashion, but after her parents died, her inheritance allowed her to be a lady of complete leisure. Nowadays, Nessa would spend her time going shopping for another new outfit, getting her hair done before going for cocktails with her girl friends, taking a trip to some other luxurious part of the city or sitting at home watching awful daytime television whilst relaxing in her heated pool. The most demanding things she ever had to do these days was pay taxes and look after her pet, Twitter. Twitter was a Mockingjay, he was the first thing she'd bought with her inheritance to keep her company in the otherwise empty house. She enjoyed having him around and listening to the songs he'd imitate from the radio and due to his ability to mimic the human voice he'd have hours of conversation with Nessa. This ability had also gotten her into trouble a few times; she had friends over one night to host a screening of The Hunger Games and as she scurried into the kitchen to refill everybody's glasses, Twitter had repeated something she'd said in a bitchy tone about one of the present guests, fortunately everybody found it hilarious but Nessa still doesn't seem to get her invites to Ashe's Christmas parties even though he tells her he mailed it weeks in advance. "Things to do, people to see. You know how it is!" Nessa said as she put her purse back into her handbag, which wasn't much bigger than the purse itself. After a rather energetic and exaggerated farewell, she brushed herself down, gave one last look to the mirror and stepped out into the street. The Capitol's busiest retail sector was known to the locals as "The Hub" and the high street held everything you would ever need. Towers of stores, salons, restaurants, spas, cinemas, bars, exhibition centers and more lined the streets which were bustling with incredibly theatrical looking people. People scouting for the next best deal, meeting friends for a bite to eat, leisurely 'rushing' to a business meeting, all of them in their own little personal bubble creating a massive explosion of vivid colours. Nessa made her way down towards the bar where she had planned to meet her friends. Squeezing her dress through crowds of people wasn't an easy task, yet she still managed to keep her elegance around her and with the rather Royal outfit and new hair, she gained a great sense of confidence which had some people moving out of the way for her. She noticed that she was catching people's eyes and as heads were turning she grinned to herself, loving the attention. Every time she caught her own reflection in a store window she had a quick glance to make sure she still looked perfect...and she did. She continued to strut down the street as though she was back on the catwalk from her modelling days, she imagined a huge billboard poster plastered across the buildings with her face on it, advertising her own fashion range. As she pretended to ignore the people staring at her she was filled with the smitten taste of Fame. "Ness!" Her group of friends screeched her name as she entered the bar, increasing her ego even more. Everyone had made it and everyone had dressed to try and impress. Her best friend, Ternity, was the first to hug her. They'd been friends since the first day of ballet class, aged six, and had auditioned at the model agency together, Nessa always took a little bit of pleasure knowing that she got the job over Ternity. "You look FABULOUS!" She squawked as she looked Nessa up and down. "LOVING the new locks!" Said the twins, Syn and Didy, in unison. Nessa hated the way these girls dressed the same, spoke at the same time, did everything the same, she was pretty sure they even shared the same boyfriends. Even so, they were still her friends and threw some great parties. That's how they'd met, Nessa had been dragged along to one of their parties by Ternity when they were nineteen and they've been around ever since. As she smiled past Didy and Syn she spotted Ashe and the two shared a polite nod and fake smile. Ashe was a friend from the modelling days, "he's not as slim as he was back then" was the comment Twitter had blabbed in front of him and caused this silent feud. Obviously, as a model, he was quite a handsome guy, but after a fad diet went wrong, he couldn't stop himself binge eating and soon, fit became fat. "Here, I got you a drink!" Nessa turned to a glamorous dark skinned woman who had draped herself over one of the sofas, sipping a mojito through a straw whilst holding another fruity drink in her other hand which she was offering to Nessa. It was Skot. Nessa adored this woman. Skot was the daughter of a very wealthy tycoon, she had led the life of luxury for so long, it radiated from her. The tale of how Ness had met Skot was one of their favourite anecdotes. Nessa was out looking for a new outfit and as she came out of the dressing room to ask for her friends opinions, Skot stepped out of the next dresser in exactly the same outfit. As the unwritten rules state, you can't wear something that somebody else has and so they both dashed back into their dressing rooms and quickly changed. As they stepped out once more, in their own outfits, they shared a moment of laughter and developed a relationship. After their first shopping trip together they decided that they'd both buy the outfit they'd met in as a token of their new friendship... as long as whenever they wore it, they wore it at the same time. "It's about time somebody offered me a drink!" Nessa smiled as she tossed her braids over her shoulder and perched on the edge of the sofa besides Skot as she pursed her lips around the straw and sipped, careful not to smudge her lipstick. "That is lush!" She sighed as the strawberry flavoured alcohol cooled her throat. "It's so warm out today." She said fanning herself as if explaining what heat was to her friends. "I almost broke a sweat!" "I wondered what that smell was." Ashe piped up in a playful tone but Nessa senses the bite behind it. Ternity scowled at him and threw a scatter cushion in his direction. "Don't worry Ness, you look stunning!" She said turning her attention back to her friend with a smile. "But you're right, that sun is just not giving up! You know, I heard that if this weather doesn't give up soon, we'll have a drought so bad that Districts Nine and Eleven won't be able to harvest any crops because the land will be too dry to grow anything." "I heard that the lakes over in District Four have been gradually disappearing because they've had no rain either." Syn and Didy yelped and pulled identical worried faces. The group jumped into a discussion about how the weather could potentially disrupt their lifestyles due to the effects it's having on the other Districts. The agriculture grain and fishing Districts would all leave the Capitol without food, a subject that Ashe was greatly interested in. Moments later, a tray was placed on the table. "Nice to see you, Ms. Elpis!" A ridiculously attractive man had placed the tray of cocktails onto the table and set his eyes upon Nessa. "It's been a while." Nessa blushed and choked for words as she was bewitched by the male's beauty. "You remember Dunamis, right, Nessa?" Ternity teased, knowing that Nessa had been in love with the