Disclaimer - This is based off of the Twilight Saga by Stephenie Meyer. She created the characters and the basic plot, and this is my spin on it. These are my words about her world. Stephenie Meyer has all of the rights to her characters and the parts that were taken from her plot. The Mechanics of Love – a One-Shot As Bella knocked timidly on the Blacks' front door, little pieces of the chipping red paint fluttered free and floated to the ground. Bella scuffed her toe against the wet concrete of their front porch, her hesitating hand still clenched into a fist, ready to whack again. She bit her lip, straining to hear some sort of movement inside the house, but all was silent. She leaned back a little and wiggled the doorknob, hoping it had magically unlocked. Of course it hadn't, and the Blacks were officially not home. Not like she hadn't known they weren't home the second she'd pulled into their driveway to find Jacob's car gone from its usual spot. Bella let the screen door squeak closed behind her and leaned against the railing, defeated. She bent forward to rest her elbows, pressing her chin into her palms. Of course Jacob would pick now to not be home when she really needed him. Her eyes drifted over to her truck, red and rusty and old but still her favorite method of transportation. It wasn't her truck's fault its engine had started making a rattling noise every time she put it in reverse – it was irony's. Bella sighed. She made one comment about how well her truck had been behaving lately and boom . Three days later she's got a headache and a clatter. She stared out into the Blacks' small front yard, indecisive. Should she hang around and see if Jacob gets back soon? Or should she just leave a message on his answering machine and take off? The sun was completely hidden by clouds, casting a gray, depressing shadow, making it seem like the evening had progressed farther along than it actually had. Every now and then a bit of the grey sky would peek through. Rain drizzled lightly around her, probably adding unwanted frizz to her hair, and the clouds were in constant motion. As her eyes drifted farther and farther into the distance, synchronizing the weather that was to come, they turned less fluffy and more depressing, darker and more threatening. A heavy storm was coming, and Bella did not want to get caught up in it. She waited for another few minutes, watching the road that expanded away from the house with squinting eyes, hoping the Rabbit would pop up from the horizon and save the day, but she tapped her hands on the railing in a little rhythm as each moment passed with no sign of Jacob. The drizzle shifted into a full-fledged rain shower, and she decided getting drenched wasn't worth it. Her truck was probably okay to drive – an explosion wasn't very likely – so she turned towards it, sitting by itself in the Blacks' driveway and found that she wasn't as alone as she'd thought she was. About ten feet away from her, standing right in the middle of Jacob's yard, stood Paul Lahote in all his shirtless glory. His choppy brown hair was soaked and sticking to his forehead, like he'd been out in the rain for a while. His giant biceps flexed as he crossed his arms over his chest, his eyes twinkling as he stared her down. His cargo shorts clung loosely to his hips and his tennis shoes were beaten and battered, used and old. His body language oozed strength and dominance, but it was more than that. Deeper than that. Power seemed to hover around him, his own personal atmosphere full of authority and control. The clouds that loomed, darkening more each second, only exaggerated the dark intensity of his personality. Bella jumped, startled by his presence. Her hand threw to her heart in surprise, her heart immediately speeding up its pace. Paul had always made her nervous, especially with the way his eyes scanned over her entire body, like he was wishing he could see underneath her sweatshirt or through her jeans. She cleared her throat once she'd processed his sudden appearance. "Paul, hey," she squeaked. "I-I didn't hear you – um –" She waved her hands uselessly in the direction she suspected he would have come from – the woods that surrounded the Blacks' tiny cabin, making it seem like it had grown from the ground itself, homey, safe. She bit her lip. "You . . . uh, what are you – why are you –" "You looking for Jake?" The darkness that usually clouded his voice when he communicated with the pack, for some reason, always disappeared when he was talking to Bella. He didn't look at her with the angry glare that he gave Sam and the other members of the pack – instead he squinted at her, like she was a question he needed an answer to. She was a soft spot for him, whether or not he'd like to admit it. Bella wiggled her fingers at her sides. "Yeah, I –" She looked abruptly back at the door as if Jacob would just appear out of nowhere and save her from her inability to form a coherent sentence around this man. But he wasn't there, so she had to turn back to Paul and make eye contact. "My truck is . . . um, making a weird noise." Suddenly hand gestures were the only way she could communicate coherently, so she pointed her index finger at the rusty vehicle sitting on the gravel driveway. Paul raised an eyebrow, waiting for more explanation. Then Bella realized that her truck's behavior issues didn't exactly explain why she was creeping on Jacob's front porch. "I was hoping Jake could fix it," she added, shrugging her shoulders up to her ears. Paul looked over to her truck, cocking his head to the side. He uncrossed his arms and dropped his hands to his sides, flexing his fingers to relieve the tension. After a few seconds of him staring intently, he said, "I'll take a look at it." Bella's jaw dropped. " You will?" Never in all the time that she'd known him had Bella ever heard Paul offer to help someone with no promise of a reward. He paused, thrown off by the surprise in her voice. "I'm perfectly capable of troubleshooting a car engine, Bella." The way he said her name shot a shiver up her spine. She blinked. "Oh, no, I wasn't implying – I mean –" She cleared her throat. "Thank you. That would be really helpful." She hesitantly came down off the porch steps. Then she caught herself staring at the muscles of his arms as he lifted the hood and locked it in place. All of the boys in the pack were beyond healthy and fit, but something about Paul was just that much more attractive to her. She bit her lip, standing a few feet off to the side so she wouldn't be in his way. He analyzed the contents that were usually hidden from view and huffed. "Alright," he said quietly, "I can fix this. It's just a bad part – Jake has a replacement in his garage." He lowered the hood and patted his back pocket. "I think I have a key. It'll take me twenty minutes max." "Thanks," Bella murmured. She didn't know how he could tell what the problem was without turning the engine on first, but she didn't question him. He looked at her. "Can I have your keys?" Bella jolted. "Oh! Yeah, of course." She dug her fingers into her pockets until she felt the cool metal. She didn't trust herself to toss them to him, so she stumbled forward until she could place them in his hand, even though he could probably catch even the worst throw. When their fingers touched, Bella's heart fluttered. She felt a blush warm her cheeks and looked down at her toes, wiggling them in the sandals she'd recently taken to wearing after her favorite broken-in pair of converse were ruined by a mud puddle. The nail polish on her big toe was chipped, and she knew Emily Young-Uley would not hesitate to fix it the next time she saw her. Paul gave her a small grin as he easily hoisted himself up into the driver's seat, leaning his elbow casually outside the lowered window. He started the truck and Bella wrinkled her nose at how loud her engine actually was. "It doesn't sound so . . . angry when I'm inside the truck," she called over its screeching. Paul shook his head. "Once I replace this valve, it should be a little quieter." Bella nodded and tucked her hands patiently behind her back. After he sat there for a moment and stared at her like he was waiting for something, she realized she was meant to get in the passenger seat. She hurried around and hopped up in a far less graceful move than he'd pulled off. He carefully backed the truck into Jake's garage, a very impressive talent. Jacob's garage was full of the common, run-of-the-mill items – lawnmower, weed whacker, his motorcycle, and the other random junk that didn't have a place inside the house – but his tools made it seem abnormally small. Bella would never be able to maneuver her truck inside without hitting something or otherwise doing damage. Paul got to work silently, his eyebrows pulled together in concentration. He pulled a little table with wheels on the bottom over to where he was standing and gathered a few tools, lining them up neatly. He wasn't exactly gentle with them, and they smacked roughly against the hard metal of the table. The sound echoed off of the cement walls of the garage and hurt Bella's ears. They stood in a silence that was obviously bothering Bella more than it was bothering him. He didn't seem to notice that she was desperately trying to find something meaningful to say, something other than mindless chit-chat. Finally, she decided to stick to a topic she knew he had some knowledge of. "So, I heard you're going to be Sam's best man in his wedding." Paul squinted down at whatever he was doing with his hands and chuckled. "Yeah, I guess. I mean, it's not like I was gonna say no." Bella smiled. "Jake knew he was going to ask one of you from the pack. He guessed either you or Jared, but I wasn't sure why." Paul reached up to wipe sweat off of his forehead with the back of his hand. His fingers were already covered in grease. "For about a year, we were the only three members of the pack. We got really close, I guess." He shrugged. "We had to run more patrols back then, what with there being fewer wolves to split shifts with. There were a lot of times when all three of us would be phased at the same time. You learn a lot about a person when you have a completely unfiltered look into their mind and can hear their unedited thoughts." Bella bit her lip. "Is it hard? Sharing your thoughts like that?" Paul finally looked up at her with his tense, brooding eyes. The lightness that had been in them just a minute earlier was gone, replaced with a serious shade. "It's more than just our thoughts. It's our inner emotions, too. When you're used to keeping specific emotions hidden and suddenly you can't control which of your friends know about them, it's . . . nerve-racking. Any one of them could mention them at any time, just to spite me. In front of –" He stopped abruptly and stared at Bella for a moment. "In front of