Potions Instructions (Disclaimer): Do Not Be Mistaken, I am not the owner of these characters or the original work. I just enjoying toying with them. It's been a long time since I've written on here and I haven't forgotten the story I've left unfinished (Soul-Mates Separated). I'm likely to pick it back up and complete it, but I wanted to upload this one-shot first. Bear with me. And please leave a review if you enjoy it. "Your son is a perfect darling, Mr. and Mrs. Snape." A nurse with long blonde hair told them as she carefully handed their newborn son to Severus. Hermione watched, exhausted, but pleased as her husband took their son into his arms like he was the greatest thing he'd ever beheld. In every way, he was. Severus would always be adamant to make sure that his son knew exactly that. Sebastian Gryffin Snape was the greatest, most precious, and most beautiful thing that Severus had ever beheld and the look in his shining, black eyes were a testament to the fact. "He's beautiful, Hermione." He told his wife as he sat carefully beside her on the bed and shifted Sebastian in his arms so she could see his tiny, wrinkled face. He was still scowling slightly, but his face had relaxed now that things in the once hectic hospital room settled down. Severus never wanted to let Sebastian go, but knew he was supposed to let his wife bond with their baby boy as well so he carefully handed her their son. He stared at the two of them. He loved how Hermione's attention was riveted upon their newborn. His wife was an amazing woman. She had refused to use magic in order to birth their son and wanted to go it the natural, muggle way. He had been terrified out of his mind throughout the entire ordeal with his wife's screams of pain, but she had pulled through fantastically, and he couldn't be more proud to be her husband. SSHGSSHGSSHG It was approximately eight am in the Snape family home and the house was buzzing with excited energy. Hermione leaned against the wall where she watched her husband, do what he had been doing annually for three years straight, well technically four. It had been four years ago that they had welcomed the light of their lives. Sebastian Gryffin Snape came into the world earlier than he was expected to, screaming his lungs off and scowling angrily as the nurses cleaned and swaddled him into fresh blue onesies and a blanket. She was amused by how serious Severus took this event and she knew why, because it stemmed from his childhood. Severus knew that Hermione was watching him decorate their home for Sebastian's fourth birthday. He always went above and beyond every year, because he never ever wanted Sebastian to suspect for not even a millisecond that he wasn't unimaginably loved and cherished. He remembered how he had suffered growing up and had vowed long ago that had he ever had children, he would never let a birthday go unnoticed or uncelebrated. SSHGSSHGSSHG The darkness of Spinner's End was stifling. The feelings of hate that filled the walls of the dilapidated and dismal estate was both overwhelming and suffocating. Down the hall, he could hear the pained cries that his mother tried to keep quiet as his father raped her. Seven-year-old Sebastian Tobias Snape knew better than try to help his mother. It was always in vain. The swollen black eye and busted lip attested to that when he had tried to protect his mom earlier that morning. He had awoken excited to celebrate his birthday. He never received presents, because his family couldn't afford it due to his father's poor gambling and drinking habits. They never actually did anything big to celebrate, but his mother would always risk her safety and health to squander and save whatever money she could for ingredients to bake him a cake. He had run downstairs that morning, his father was gone still (probably with a prostitute), and to the kitchen. There on the table, his mom sitting there with a small smile on her face, was a small chocolate cake. His black eyes danced with suppressed joy as he immediately hugged his mother. "Thank you, mother." He told her quietly, taking his seat at the table. "Happy Birthday, my Sevvy. Seven years old and already a little man." She said softly to him as she cut a slice of the cake for him. Severus was a carbon copy of his mother only in a miniature male version. He watched her with quiet happiness, never having been a rambunctious child, when she stood to get him a glass of milk. Soon, Severus was digging into the delicious cake and drinking his milk. He only got a treat like this once a year so he was savoring it. Just as Severus was eating a second piece of cake, the door slammed opened to the kitchen, and his drunken father stumbled in. "What's this?!" Tobias Snape shouted when he saw the cake sitting on the table and his wife and son eating it. "Did I say we could buy this?! Where'd you get the money from, you whore?!" He grabbed Severus' mother and threw her onto the floor. Severus had immediately jumped up as a sorrow and rage began to feel him. "Get off of my mother!" Severus said, foolishly moving himself in between his father and mother. Eileen had tried to tell Severus not to bother, but Tobias had already grabbed his son by the scruff of his shirt and pulled him up. He socked Severus in the face and then once more for good measure. Severus felt one of his teeth loosen and there was a ringing in his head as he dropped to the floor. He could hear his mother screaming and he weakly moved to crawl away. He could hear his father's manic laughter and turned just in time to see him throw the cake onto the floor beside his mother. Severus tried to lock the hurt away and continued to watch in fear as his father grabbed his mother and pushed her face into the ruined cake. "Now, clean the mess up, bitch!" Tobias demanded. The angry drunk turned and saw his son on the ground and sneered at him. "Get up you brat and get lost. I don't want to see you for the rest of the day." Afraid of any more pain, young Severus took to his room for the rest of the day. It had been mostly quiet and then when the sun had gone down and night had taken over, the real horrors began like they always did. He could hear the sound of his father beating his mother, her cries, and then the sound of a bed creaking as his mother sobbed. He was too young to truly know what was going on, but as he grew older and the memories haunted him he began to understand. That night, with no bed to actually sleep on since his father didn't deem him important enough for one, he huddled under a worn and dirty blanket on the cold, wooden floor of his small bedroom. Centered in the room was a large stack of books with a candle resting above them, burning magically and endlessly. Nothing decorated the walls except for a calendar. Circled on the calendar was January 9 th , a day that should have been celebrated, but would be one of the worst in his young memory. Severus quietly reached over to the worn teddy bear that he had found at the park sometime ago and kept. He bowed his head and ended up crying himself to sleep. Every birthday until his eleventh would follow in much the same way and when he arrived at Hogwarts, he learned just how unnatural his upbringing had been. He withdrew into himself and wouldn't become the man he was truly meant to be until he would eventually fall in love with his wife. SSHGSSHGSSHG Once the entire downstairs level of their home was decorated in shades of greens, silvers, and subtle golds for Sebastian's fourth birthday, Severus and Hermione eagerly went upstairs to wake their son. They sat on their son's bed and gently woke him. "Seb, sweetie… Wake up." Hermione said in a soothing voice, brushing back their son's long dark hair. He had always insisted upon wearing it the same way his father did and so they let him. Tiny dark grey eyes blinked open and looked up at them. The sleep-induced confusion from being awoken started to clear and realization struck. "My birthday?" The quiet boy asked as he moved to yawn and stretch. Severus, overtaken by a feeling of warm and love whenever he saw how happy and healthy his son was, shook his head as if to shake off the disbelief that this was his reality. He smiled and pulled the little boy into his lap. "Indeed, Sebastian! Happy Birthday, our love." He bent his head to drop a kiss on the top of his son's head. Hermione loved the way Severus unabashedly cherished their son. He was unreserved in sharing his affection with the two of them. If you had told her that not only would she one day be married to the great Dungeon Bat of Hogwarts, but also that he had the capacity to love deeper and greater than her wildest imagination she would have directed you to the infirmary. "Happy Birthday, Seb!" Hermione grinned as their son beamed up at them. He was a handsome child, a spitting image of his father. The last of sleep left their son and in its place excitement took hold. "It's my birthday!" He clapped his hands with excitement. Birthday mornings in the Snape household were a sacred event. Hermione had brought forth the tradition from her own family and her husband had taken to it with swiftly. In the years since their early courtship, they had adapted the tradition so that it fit them precisely. The mornings always began like this; with the birthday person being woken tenderly with morning cuddles to follow and then treated to a lovely breakfast of their choice. Severus carried Sebastian downstairs (as if he'd let his Little Prince's feet touch the ground on his birthday) with Hermione leading the way. Their son was chattering happily about the day ahead of them. He was excited, because he knew in the afternoon the whole family would be there and he loved the days when the whole family got together. On the kitchen table was Sebastian's favorite breakfast foods, consisting largely of fruit and biscuits, arranged in the number four and charmed to float in the air. Sebastian squealed in delight, pressing his cheek to his father's. Hermione laughed at the sheer look of joy that played on her two guys' faced as though mirrored. "Can I hear my birthday story?" He asked as he was placed in his booster seat while Hermione used her wand to place some food on her son's plate. "You mean the story of how you scared the wits out of your poor mother and I with your dramatic arrival?" Severus playfully glared at his son when he said the word 'scared', which made Sebastian shriek with laughter. He had never been daunted by his father's glare. Quite the opposite as it was the first thing that had ever made the boy laugh and, without fail, always made him laugh. The little boy nodded his head enthusiastically as he picked up some cantaloupe to nibble. "Well, Sebastian… Your daddy and I weren't expecting you for at least another four weeks…" began Hermione. SSHGSSHGSSHG "Severus, for the love of Merlin, I promise you we'll be fine! All I'm going to do is nestle down on the couch all day with a book and tea. Ginny will be here as