Hello, Hunger Games fans! This is my first ever attempt at fanfiction. It's just a little story I've been thinking about and decided to give it a shot. This is going to be a Historical AU, though it definitely retains a fiction air and is going to be mostly cannon. It is also going to have a romance novel feel to it because I think they are really fun to read and write. Disclaimer: I, of course, do not own The Hunger Games. It belongs solely to Suzanne Collins. Happy Reading! Prologue: Germany 1845 "Katniss! Katniss!" The little girl's ears perked up at the worried call of her name. Her head whipped to the side, wide, grey eyes scanning her surroundings for the voice's owner. She began to quickly navigate through the crowds of people filling the cobblestone streets, laughing and talking boisterously. Heavy ruffled skirts swished and twirled by as young women towed their suitors to a new festival booth full of fresh treats, trinkets, and spirits that has caught their fancy. Katniss scowled at the giggling creatures that wore too much rouge and batted their eyelashes daftly up at their gentleman callers, who in return, smiled amorously back at them, hoping for a kiss or quick romp behind one of the many shops. "Katniss!" She continued her chase, her bare feet never making any sound, as if she were running on the air itself, trying to avoid broken bottles and splashes of ale from intoxicated festival goers. As she turns to throw a scathing look to the pub owner, whose face is flushed from spirits as he shouts at her to keep her filthy gypsy self away from his precious tavern, she feels her body collide into something solid. "Oof—!" She falls backward, the wind getting knocked out of her lungs as her back hits the dirty street. While trying to regain the ability to breathe properly, she opens her eyes to see two of the shiniest, bluest eyes she's ever seen. She thinks about the tales her father regales her with at night about dragons guarding treasure; rubies redder than blood, emeralds the color of the leaves in their forest, and sapphires that make even the ocean jealous of their depth. The sapphires would be put to shame at the orbs looking down at her. "Are you al lright?" The boy with the sapphire eyes asks her, his blond eyebrows pulled in concern. She doesn't answer, just stares, taking in his curly blond locks haloing his round, white face with cheeks and lips stained the most perfect shade of pink. He stares at her too, impossibly blue eyes as wide as saucers. "Here, let me help you up," he says, face flushing brighter, as he sticks his hand out to her. She eyes his hand with trepidation, then looks back up at his face. His lips part in a small encouraging smile and his eyes shine. She decides to trust him. His smile widens, showing off his white teeth and cheek dimples, when she places her hand in his. She looks away, her neck and cheeks feeling on fire. "Thank you," she whispers, remembering what her mother taught her about proper manners. She eyes the boy's clothes, all silks and finery, and adds a, "Sir," to the end. At this, he laughs loudly, head tilted back and hand, the one not holding hers, on his stomach. He's laughing at her! With rising anger, Katniss tries to wrench her hand free from his grasp to run away and forget about this whole embarrassing encounter, but he grips her hand tighter. "Stop that! Do not laugh at me!" She hisses, her eyes turning to slits and face pulling into a scowl. She seethes as she compares his new, clean clothes to her dirt strewn tattered skirts, angry that he is making fun of their obvious social difference. The boy quickly stops laughing, but a smile continues to play on his lips as he looks at her. "I am sorry I offended you," he says apologetically, his eyes still shinning with amusement. "But, I am most definitely not a sir ," he states with indignation. "What are you, then, if not a sir?" Katniss quips back, raising an eyebrow and poking his cornflower silk cravat with her index finger. He smiles again, then leans in toward her face. "Simple, I am just Peeta," he says, bringing her hand up to his grinning mouth and placing a delicate kiss on her knuckles. She gasps at the contact, then pulls her hand away quickly, her eyes widening and cheeks becoming an impossible shade of red. He grins even wider, a dimple popping out onto his right cheek. "Would you care for some bread?" She eyes him warily, not knowing if the statement was an innuendo of sorts because of his namesake or actual bread. He answers by pulling some sweet bread, wrapped in baker's wax paper, out of his coat pocket. Katniss' mouth waters at the sight. Her family doesn't starve, per se. But, she is not unfamiliar with hungry nights or going a couple of days without a substantial meal. That's one of the problems belonging to a gypsy family. Nobody wants to hire a gypsy who might "rob them blind and disappear into the night," never to be seen again. So, her father brings her family to travel around Europe playing his violin at festivals, like this one, to earn money while perhaps achieving a small, odd job on the side here and there. "No thank you, just Peeta, " she sneers defiantly, putting her hands on her hips and puffing her chest out. "I do not need your charity. I am quite capable of acquiring food on my own, without anyone's help." It was only a half-lie. She did know how to work for her own money, that usually went back to her family to share, and her father taught her how to hunt game with her bow, but all was usually done with his aid. Though, Peeta doesn't know that, so she stands tall, eyes daring him to object. "Oh, I have no doubts that you do indeed know how to take care of yourself," he says, eyes and voice mirroring the truth in his words. "I was simply offering it to you as an apology of sorts, for being the cause of your tumble. Please, accept my sincerest apology?" He bowed at his waist, one hand behind his back and the other offering her the sweet bread in his open palm. His head tilted up toward her beseechingly, blue eyes staring into her own grey ones. Katniss was about to protest, to say she was the cause of her own tumble by not paying attention to where she was running, but his face was pleading. Even his plump, rosy bottom lip pouted out, reminding her of a puppy she saw once in town that begged for scraps from its owner. "Fine, I will allow it," she sighs begrudgingly, no longer able to deny his large and impossibly blue eyes shining at her from his cherub-like face. Katniss quickly accepts the treat after a little hesitation and an encouraging nod from Peeta . He eyes her thin frame, threadbare clothes, and peculiarly bare feet. Everything about her was intoxicatingly fascinating to him. Her steel grey eyes framed by long dusty lashes, olive skin that was brown even though it was not summer, and thick dark hair pulled back into two braids with curls escaping everywhere. With excitement, Peeta concluded that she must be a gypsy. He'd never met a gypsy before, but his mother often went on tirades about them. If there was one thing that Datura Mellark née Cromwell detested, it was gypsies. Thieving, murderous, scoundrels she called them. Infesting their nation with their filth. Peeta did not agree with his mother's sentiments, though. Looking at the girl in front of him now, a smile on her full red lips and freedom radiating off of her like the sun's warming rays, he knew he was right in not listening to his mother. The gypsy girl was strong and independent, not hung up on the frivolities of society. She was alive . She was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen. "What is your name?" Peeta asks as she finishes off the treat, sighing in contentment at having something in her stomach. She looks up at him, mouth poised open and ready to respond when— "Katniss! Where are you? Katniss!" A man burst through the crowd, his eyes looking frantically around for his daughter. Her head turned quickly to her right, braids whipping across her face as she spots the man. "Papa!" She shouts back to him, his body relaxing as his eyes rest on his daughter, smiling and unharmed. His arms are around her before she can blink, her body crushed against his tightly. "Oh, Katniss, puiule ! Do not run off from me again. It is not safe to be on your own. Do you understand?" Her father's grey eyes mirrored her own, a stern expression etched onto his face. "I understand, Papa. I'm sorry," she whispers, looking down with shame, tears stinging behind her eyes. "It is all right, puiule . No tears from my strong girl," he says smiling kindly as Katniss sniffles and returns a small smile. Peeta clears his throat, uncomfortable with intruding on such an intimate moment between father and daughter, but not wanting to part from his new friend just yet. "Oh! Papa, this is Peeta. He helped me when I fell," Katniss said gesturing to Peeta with a small, shy smile. She had never introduced her father to a boy before. The experience causes her cheeks to feel impossibly warm and her stomach to flutter nervously. Katniss' father smiles widely at Peeta and grasps his hand between his two, rougher ones. Peeta's dimples make a return at the man's kind gesture. "Thank you very much Peeta, for helping my daughter," he says, looking between this boy and his daughter with a small grin and a shine in his eyes. Peeta blushes. "It was my pleasure, sir. Your Katniss is quite the spitfire." Peeta says, grinning and cutting his eyes over to Katniss who scowls with a huff in return. They both chuckle. "It was very nice to have met you, Peeta, my boy, but we must be on our way. It is time for the show to start," Katniss' dad says with a wink at Katniss, who grins back. Katniss turns back to Peeta, ignoring his confused expression, and smiles. "Thank you again, just Peeta," she teases, grinning wider. "It was nice to make your acquaintance." Katniss gives a little curtsy, just like her mother taught her, her eyes shining with amusement. At his confusion or in mockery, he isn't sure. "You're welcome, Katniss. The pleasure was all mine," he returns, grasping her hand and kissing her knuckles again. He laughs softly when her cheeks become flushed and her eyes widen at his gesture. He misses the warmth of her small hand when she pulls back from his grasp and walks with her father back into the crowd of people on the street. Peeta sighs, but can't help the feeling of excitement that courses through his veins as he recalls his encounter with the beautiful gypsy girl. He is very glad now that he decided not to stay inside his quarters at his uncle's country home, where his family was residing during their visit to Germany. He had originally planned to stay inside this night, drawing some of the surrounding landscapes. Now, he was itching to go back and sketch a certain dark haired, grey eyed girl. As Peeta began wandering about the booths set up, watching couples kiss and men drink as their wives roll their eyes with disdain, the sound of a violin cuts through the air causing him to stop in his tracks. He turns his