The Adventures of the Cullen Clan Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight, just this story and the plot J Chapter One: Please Come Home Beta'd by the lovely princess07890 :) EPOV: "Alice, what's she doing now?" "Edward! For crying out loud, I just checked on her twenty seconds ago. She is fine!" I knew Alice was beyond aggravated with me, but I couldn't help but worry. "I know, Alice, but what if something happens? I know you all think she's in control, but we all thought that before and look what happened to Angela." I insisted for the millionth time. "Edward, she's not had a lapse in four years. I think that's a pretty damn good record. Now, if you want her to come home, just let her be." Alice told me sternly. "It was just a dream. I would never leave her. Haven't I proved to her, that I'd never do anything to hurt her? Why does she have to do this?" "Like I've said before, Edward, you are over one-hundred years old, Bella is twenty-one, and she needs to see the world for herself. She's not alone anyway, she has Angie." As if that's a comfort, Angela is just as young as Bella. At least I have Ben on my side. "What if she leaves me for good? What if she changes? Vampires may not change often, but we still change. I couldn't handle it if she wanted someone else." I whispered, but knew my sister could still hear me. Alice sighed. Although, it wasn't a sigh of aggravation, but one of sympathy. She pulled me into her arms and let me cry on her shoulder. I felt like a huge pussy, but nevertheless, I had been doing this every couple of days. Bella and Angela went off on their own six months ago. Originally, they were only going to be gone for a few weeks. The time between her home calls to check in grew more abundant with each call. I'm afraid one day the calls will stop. She says she's having too much fun to come home. I've offered to go with her, but she says she needs to do this for herself. She needs to be an adult, but really how much of an adult can two twenty-one years olds trapped inside seventeen-year-old bodies be? To top it all off, Alice will not tell me where she is. Bella barely calls me anymore; her phone calls are more often to Alice. If I try to call her, she doesn't answer. I know this means she doesn't want me anymore. I can't live without her. I need my Bella. "Edward," Alice says softly as she strokes my hair. "Yeah," I reply my voice cracking with my tearless sobs. "Bella loves you, she misses you like crazy. That's why she won't talk to you. She knows if she does that she'll come running back. She needs to find herself. I promise you that at the first sign of trouble, I will tell you and we'll bring her home. You need to pull yourself together, the family meeting is in an hour and you need to voice your opinions. I think Carlisle is just as sick of the girls' absence as you are. I don't think he'll let it go on much longer. You know when Daddy speaks, we all listen," she laughed. I laughed, well snorted really, at her lame attempt to lighten my mood. It was true; Carlisle was our leader and for the majority of us, creator, we had to listen to him. It was something built in us. Of course, Ben, Alice, and Jasper were not related to Carlisle through venom, but they chose to be under his leadership and would follow him anywhere. Rebekah is first and foremost Carlisle's biological daughter she's bound to him differently, but it's still just as strong. At first, everyone was on board with the girls wanting to 'find' themselves, but now we are all just sick of it, rather they are sick of Ben and me moping around. I think it is probably more of the latter. I pulled myself together as I joined the family in the living room of our lake view home in the hills of Tennessee. Not a prime choice for vampires, but Esme fell in love with this house. "All right family, first order of business is to decide on our new living arrangements and background stories. Ideas?" Carlisle asked starting our meeting. "I don't fucking care, but get my girl home," Ben said, I agreed. "Language," Esme scolded. "Sorry mom," Ben smiled. She just shook her head. We knew we'd get anything we wanted by calling her mom, and we all used it as an advantage. "I agree, the girls have been away long enough. I'm not including them in our move decision, but the will of course be with us. Esme, do you have any ideas on where you'd like to live, dear?" Carlisle asked. "I was thinking West Virginia. It's been so long since we've been there. It's beautiful this time of year." "Objections?" We had none. So now, we had a location. Esme would find the home; or homes in this case. "Anyone have an idea on background stories?" Carlisle moved ahead. "I think some of us should go back to high school. Teach those two brats a lesson," Rosalie laughed. "I agree. They didn't get to finish first time around." I agreed. "I'd like to finish high school," Ben added. Rosalie said, "I'm not doing high school again. I think Em and I should be in college. We could go to WVU or Marshall depending on where we live." "That's fine. Rebekah, Bella, Angela, and Alice can be the daughters of Esme and me. I think we should say you're all a year apart. Alice can be a freshman, Angela, a sophomore, Bella, a junior, and Rebekah can be a senior. You're all young enough and look enough alike to pass as ours. Rosalie and Emmett can be married, and cousins of our family. Esme be sure to get them a house near ours but not too near." Carlisle instructed as we all laughed. "Jasper and Edward can be twins. Do you think Edward can still pass for seventeen?" "Yes, I think he can." Alice agreed as she looked into our future. "Good, they can be our foster sons, juniors. Ben can be Emmett's brother, who came to live with us after their parents' tragic death; I think you'll pass for a sophomore just fine, that will allow you to be with Angela. Embry, well you're just too big to be in high school, maybe you could get a job and live close by." Carlisle offered. "I could work as a mechanic I'm pretty good with cars. I can work with that, but can I be close to Bekka's age, you know, so it's not creepy?" Embry asked. "Sure son, I think you could pull off nineteen." "Daddy," Rebekah asked softly. "Yes, pumpkin?" she had him so tightly wrapped around his finger it was pathetic, but in a comical way. "Can Embry and I live together?" "We'll make sure we have a guest house or garage apartment. Maybe, Embry can also do our lawn care as well." "Sounds good to me," Embry said throwing his arm around Rebekah. "Alright, Alice get my estranged daughters on speaker phone. Everyone stay quiet. That means you two." Carlisle poked his finger toward Ben and me. "Also, no one should breathe." The phone rang three times before a sleepy sounding Bella answered. The girl loved her sleep. I had to admit I was jealous. She was the only vampire I knew that could sleep. Of course she was the only vampire I knew who had the talent of changing back to her human form. "Are you alright, sweetheart?" Carlisle asked in his fatherly voice. "Yes, just sleeping," she yawned loudly. "What's up Daddy C?" "It's time for you two to come home. We are moving to our new location. You've had your fun, now it's time for you to be with family." "Edward, put you up to this didn't he?" I shook my head; she acted as though I was horrible. I was really starting to think she no longer loved me. "No, he did not. I'm the head of this coven, and as your leader I'm telling both of you to come home." Carlisle said sharply. "We're not ready. Please, let us stay longer." "No, Isabella, it's time to come home." "Carlisle," she whined. "Come home with in the next twenty four hours or I'll make you Edward's sister when we move!" he said sternly. Bella gasped, "You wouldn't! "Yes, I would. I've done it before with Emmett and Rosalie. Get on the next plane and get your asses home. That's final. Understood?" "Yes, sir," Bella sighed. She sounded completely disappointed to be coming home. I felt another round of sobs coming on. Alice rolled her eyes at me and thought, if I didn't know any better, I'd swear you were a menstruating teenage girl. I stuck my tongue out and tuned back to my father's conversation. "Alright, do not delay. I want you home no later than Friday. Understood?" "Yes, sir. Can I talk to my husband now?" Bella asked grumpily. "Sure, I love you both. Hurry home," Carlisle told her before handing me the phone. The family scattered. "Hello?" I said softly. "Hey." "Hey." I didn't really know what to say at this point. I didn't know where I stood, was I still her husband? "I never took it off," she said. "Never took what off?" I asked for clarification. "My wedding rings. I never took them off. I still love you, Edward. I just needed to find myself. I needed to know who I was without you. That dream really shook me up. I don't want to fall apart if you were to ever leave. I wanted to learn to be strong for you." "Bella, I will never leave you. I know in that dream I left you, but that will never happen in real life. Do you know how many times Alice has had to stop me from hunting you down?" I asked rhetorically then answered, "one-hundred and twenty times." "Wow," she mumbled. "Please, hurry home." "If I said no to Carlisle, would he have gone through with the punishment?" "Yes, most definitely," I chuckled. I couldn't wait for Friday to get here. I wanted her so badly that I could smell her in the air. I hung up the phone and went to my bedroom because I had packing to finish. I sat on the front porch waiting for Bella to come home. The past two days had been awful. I hated waiting. I had spoken to her on the phone for a long while, but it wasn't the same as having her in my arms. She had apologized for not calling me more often. She was afraid she wouldn't be able to stay away if she heard my voice. Ridiculous, I know. All of this over a stupid dream that I left her in the woods, and told her I didn't want her anymore. I would never do something so stupid. What I didn't understand was if it made her feel so horrible, why did she do the same thing to me? She didn't have an answer. I waited, on the front porch steps for hours, on Friday morning, before a heard the familiar hum of Carlisle's Mercedes. I stood in anticipation. The car stopped Carlisle and Angela both got out. I held my breath as the back door opened and Bella emerged. She looked beautiful, different even. She was in her human form. Angela had told Ben that she had refused to be in vampire form. It made me think she regretted becoming one. I knew it was her choice to be changed, but