Title: Darkest Dreams Genre: Drama, Romance, Mystery, Thriller, Horror World: Twilight - Books, The Vampire Diaries/Originals - Television Series' Rating : MA - Very dark and disturbing themes involving graphic violence (including sexual violence), language, and adult subject matter *No Lemons* Couples: Spoilers! Changes to Canon: See details in Author's Notes Twilight is owned by a bunch of people and corporate entities that are not me. I fully acknowledge that I am using those characters without permission, but with no intent to distribute for profit. In other words, no Copyright infringement is intended! Chapter One: Arrival - Isabella Marie Swan, 17 years old. Sunday, September 1 " I set fire to the rain. Watched it pour as I touched your face. Let it burn while I cried. Cause I heard it screaming out your name. " - Adele The September rain was thick and moved horizontally in rivulets across the partially fogged up passenger side window. The deluge was so dense that for a second I wished I was out in the downpour, then I could hide the tears actively streaming down my face. I hated crying, but I couldn't seem to stop myself despite the company. Even though my emotions were on the surface, deep down I'd only just started to get over the numbness of grief. I had been enveloped in a grey cloud for nearly two weeks, which had only begun to fade on the plane, unfortunately it was replaced by an overwhelming sense of dread. I was returning to Forks, a small town nestled within the Olympic Peninsula in the northwest corner of Washington State. I'd already escaped the rain drenched town once five years ago when my mother Renee married a minor league baseball player named Phillip Marlow and settled down in Phoenix, Arizona. I would miss Phoenix; the blistering heat, the friendly people, and the blindingly bright blue sky. And I would miss my flaky and eccentric mother, and her crazy stories about the endless string of dead end jobs she could never keep for longer than six months. I would miss her uneven attempts at cooking, and the lessons she taught me when she talked about the stupid nights of her reckless adolescence. I would miss her voice and her laugh, I would miss her smile and the smell of her hair, I would miss a thousand little things about her. Mostly though, I would just miss her, every day for the rest of my life. It had been twelve days since the drunk driver plowed into Phil's cherry red Cadillac. I buried them both on a Thursday and my heart wept. She was the one that always made me laugh, she was my confidant and best friend. She loved life, and had a spark of energy that seemed to make things seem bright even on my darkest day. All of those things I loved about her were gone, because of some fucking moron who had too much to drink, and got behind the wheel of a car. I'm not a hateful or vengeful person normally, but as I heard some stranger deliver her eulogy, I hoped the sonofabitch would rot in hell. It didn't matter who he was, or that his family was in mourning too. I was just glad he was dead. It was Charlie's expression that sent me over the edge. Until I saw the pain on his face, crossed with a touch of pity, I couldn't really see my own grief. Of course it was a reflection, because his pain mirrored my own. Mom divorced Dad pretty early on, but they both felt it wasn't a great idea to move me around too much. Until I was ten, I spent the school year in Forks, and several weeks of my summer vacation with Mom. She would show up with a different car every time, and we'd travel in a random direction until we reached some equally random destination. Like the desert in Maine, or the forbidden gardens in Texas, or Lucy the Elephant in New Jersey, to name a few. It was fun, most of the time. Until we started to run out of money, and we had to stop in some god awful dusty little town somewhere in the rural outback of America. I didn't know what she did to get us going again, but we were never stranded for longer than a couple of days. Everything changed when she met Phil. It was like the world suddenly righted itself for her, and she never needed to wander again. Until she settled down with him, she never had a place she really called home. She hadn't lived with Dad for years but still listed his house as her permanent address, and still got all her mail sent there. A fact that used to really drive Charlie a bit nuts. It was because she was settled, and I had started to detest Forks, that I begged Dad to let me move in with Mom. I was almost eleven when he finally relented and I transferred to Phoenix for school that year. That following summer was the first time I refused to go back to Forks. Instead, Dad and I vacationed in California. The year after, it was Hawaii. The summer after that we went to visit Dad's sister Marie, and her family up in Denali, Alaska. I remember wondering if it was something genetic that seemed to draw my Dad's family to small remote towns, cursed with constant cold and rain. Talk about a weird summer vacation. It wasn't too bad though. Marie's twin girls Helena and Margaret, were just a little older than me and they were both fun to hang out with. I spent most of my time there playing fantasy games in the vast and beautiful Alaskan wilderness by their house. We'd also make up stores about the odd and incredibly gorgeous family that lived in a giant house on the outskirts of town. I think we were all just trying to imagine what it would be like to be that rich and beautiful. The following two years weren't nearly as memorable, since Dad's vacation time was shortened because of his promotion to the Chief of Police. I knew that he missed me terribly when I was gone, and the years apart from him were tough on me as well. I just didn't like to think of how much it hurt him to be separated from me. Until one afternoon in July when Mom was working in the garden, and I caught her crying. She covered that she had dirt in her eyes, but I could tell it was time. I'd seen that look on my father's face the last few years when he hugged me goodbye at the airport. In that moment, I realized I could solve both problems with one simple solution; I would move back in with Dad. I had planned to move back to Forks after winter break. I had it all worked out, I'd decided to broach the subject with Mom after school got started. If I'd done it in the few days after seeing her cry in her garden she'd have known I was doing it for her, and she would've absolutely refused. Cutting off your nose to spite your face, was a trait that seemed to run in her side of the family. At least it explained where I inherited my stubbornness. I knew she wouldn't have let me go, even if it made her happier in the long run. I even practiced having the inevitable argument that I'd have with her. Prepping counters to all her logical objections. I never got the opportunity. Callie had helped figure out everything since she was the executer of both Phil and Mom's joint will. I was their sole beneficiary. She'd been mom's best friend for going on six years. I loved her like a crazy aunt, but she was awesome when I needed her most. We laughed, and told stories, and packed. Neither of us could cry though, it was just too close to admitting that Mom was gone. Phil's family showed up a few days later. Dad couldn't get away from work for the funeral; or at least that's what he said, I was pretty sure it was an excuse, since they hadn't spoken face to face since I'd moved to Phoenix. My luggage was full of cold weather clothes that Callie helped me pick out. Yet I wore a white short-sleeve eyelet lace shirt as a goodbye gesture to the sun, and the life I was leaving behind. That was another thing I'd miss, the sun. Forks was almost always overcast. Cloudy and rainy, which was probably my least favorite thing in the world. I hated the rain. "You call me." She said for the thousandth time. It was the last time we'd see each other for a long time, and it was nearly impossible to say goodbye. Callie behind the wheel was an iffy prospect at best. She seemed to regard traffic signs and lights as vague suggestions. 'The light wasn't red, it was pink,' was a constant refrain after the sound of honking horns. We'd made it to the airport with an hour to spare, just enough time to check in. "I could keep the house for you." I almost said yes, but I could see the sacrifice behind her eyes. I stared at her for a long minute, memorizing her face. It was funny but I'd never noticed that I looked more like her than I did like my mother. That was probably because I got most of my looks from my father, my dark hair and porcelain skin. My eyes were my mother's though, and I also got her smile. Not that I used it as much as she had. "I can't let you do that, I said we should split the money and I meant it." I had offered her an even split of the profits from the sale of the house, because mom would've loved it. The rest of their estate, including life insurance, was already more money than I knew what to do with. "Okay… if you really mean it. Say hello to your family for me." I hugged her again, holding her a bit longer than needed. Then I raced through airport security, and to my gate just as my boarding group was called. The plane trip was tolerable; at least it wasn't filled with annoying people, or crying babies. Either one would have had me eyeing the nearest escape hatch enviously. Since it was a morning flight, almost everyone napped. I listened to music and tried to read, but I was too anxious and miserable. After that four hour flight, there was the puddle jumper to Port Angeles which was barely an hour up and down, and I could practically feel my anxiety level rising with every foot we descended. Then I was cautiously walking down the slippery steps toward the tarmac, where I could just make out Charlie standing stoically in the rain. He had his uniform hat on, complete with the translucent plastic cover to protect the fabric from the elements. From a distance I could just make out the silver of his badge poking through the sheer white vinyl. We exchanged a single tight hug and I kept my face away from him as the tears began to roll down my cheeks. We didn't speak a word until we got to the car. It was his cruiser of course, which made me frown because I was dreading having him drive me all over town in it. I had already mentally nicknamed it the 'loser cruiser', which was lame, but so was the prospect of being chauffeured around in it. My only hope was that he would let me buy the car I wanted, even though it meant going to Seattle. I didn't want to be the one