Author's Note: Well here it is, my first story in the Twilight category. This story was started because of a beautiful piece titled Fire Light by Reapercb919, though sadly the story appears to be dead. Still after reading it I could not stop myself from writing my own piece and here it is. This is also a response to Whitetigerwolf's twilight threesome challenge. Here are the details. THREESOME CHALLENGE I've read a few stories where Bella is in a three-way relationship with two guys (even a few where she's with three guys). Well I got to thinking about what if Bella was in a three way relationship with a guy and girl or two girls. I know there are a few smutty one-shots like that, but I was looking for an actual multi-chapter story, hence this challenge. Requirements: - Must be either Bella/Girl/Guy or Bella/Girl/Girl - Cannot be a one-shot under 20,000 words (I know there are some long one-shots out there) - Cannot be an All-Human story Recomended: - Bella/Sam/Emily - Bella/Jasper/Alice - Bella/Peter/Charlotte - Bella/Leah/Angela - WolfBella with imprinting - Lemons - Pregnancy (if involved with a wolf), though I'm not sure how it would work with the Bella/Girl/Girl, I'm sure somthing could be figured out. And here was my response Accepted, and here are the details. Bella was human but four months before story starts was turned into a dragon, with a human form. Bella/Girl/Girl Bella/Angela/Alice Angela never becomes vampire , but still becomes immortal. just not super. a few, and hopefully tasteful lemons possibilities I am debating. Pregnancy(Angela) from Dragon Bella Some kind of shift in WHAT Alice is because of Bella (few ideas floating around Cover Art: a beautiful piece found here (www magic4walls com/wallpaper/art-eye-dragon-girl-book-candle-dream-eyes-tail-fantasy-22156 html) where there are spaces put a . and of course ignore the () Beta: tylerbamafan34 Disclaimer: I don't own twilight, nor do I own a lot of the dragon ideas here. Eternity's Flame Chapter 1: Born in Fire "So slow" I muttered as I looked outside the window doing my best to hide my irritation from the rest of the passengers aboard this slow piece of flying metal. Not that any of the other passengers thought it was slow, traveling by plane is by far the fastest way mortals have to travel. I couldn't help but snort as I thought of the word mortal. Not even half a year ago I would have been counted among them, weak, short-lived and ignorant of the secrets hidden throughout the world. My blissful existence had been irrevocably shattered four months ago, on the day when I was forced to make a choice. A choice to die, or to live. Like most mortal's the world over, I was terrified of dying. So my choice had been made without hesitation. Though looking back I did wonder if I had known, if I had been aware of what living meant, would I still have chosen it? Would I have chosen to become what I am now? To change so drastically that even my scatterbrained mother had started to notice some very odd changes in my personality. I huffed internally at the annoying thoughts and pushed them aside. It mattered not, the choice had been made and I was proud of what I am now, proud of my strength, my power, and beauty and I knew without a shadow of a doubt that if offered a chance to change what I was now, I would kill whoever offered it to me. As there could be no greater insult than to assume that I would ever wish to become a weak mortal again. My life had been saved, improved, but the wool that had covered my eyes and still covered the eyes of almost every mortal in the world had been torn from my eyes. Or perhaps, it was burned away, rather than torn. Burned by the eternal flame that now burned within me, and was currently raging at the thought of being in the air without the feel of air beneath my wings, without the feel of crisp air in my lungs or the warmth of the sun on my scales, filling me with energy and life with it's heat. The microscopic scales which covered my human form, and merely grew to accommodate my other form started to shift colors. I could feel it just as I could feel my nails sharpening in anticipation for the change. Thankfully I was dressed in jeans and a hoodie, with my hood and Hair hiding my skin completely from anyone's view. I sighed and closed my now ember orange eyes as I felt them start to slit vertically as my thoughts shifted towards my new more primal instincts and longings. They had been brown before my change but were now an almost glowing orange like embers in a fire. The stronger my emotions the brighter they got, and so long as I was perfectly calm they could almost pass as brown to mortal eyes. I did not wish to be in this metal tube, I wanted to be in the sky on my own, ruler of my new domain, the highest predator in the food chain, a Queen. I wanted to restart my horde, I wanted to hunt, and to see the world as only the Queen of the sky could. But I had to be patient, had to pretend I was normal for now at least. Once I arrived in Forks and moved in with my father I could find time to create my new den. There were mountains to the north, within an easy flight for me where I could search for a natural cave, and failing that begin creating my own. 'My name is Isabella Marie Swan, I am a dragon. A member of the most powerful and most ancient race on earth and I am damn proud of it.' I thought to myself as I once more opened my eyes and looked out the window. -{Bella: Forks Washington, Swan residence}- I was burning and drowning at the same time. I couldn't breathe and the liquid around was much thicker than water and it felt as if it was boiling I lost the ability to scream hours ago as my lungs filled with whatever liquid I was in yet somehow I was still alive, then suddenly a new pain joined the frenzy around me, this one felt as if it was inside my skull and then images started to filled my mind, mixed with words. I saw humans turning into dragons, I saw and heard how to breathe fire, I listened to a powerful male voice as it explained how to hunt reinforced with images, I listened for what felt like years as he lectured on a dragon's anatomy, instincts, and history. As I was taught all there was to know about dragons and as the images started to fade I started to feel the heat in my body again, but this time it didn't cause pain. Rather it caused great pleasure and I could feel my body changing, becoming larger before I let out a ground shaking roar and realized what I had become. I groaned as I awoke and rolled over in bed my head throbbing as I did my best to recover from my dream, or memory rather. My instincts and desires were still raging inside me since my father had checked up on me twice during the night making it impossible for me to slip away and have a flight, as well as search for a den at this rate it seemed like I would have to wait for the weekend to find time where he wouldn't notice my absence, unless of course, I wished to skip class but in such a small town it was highly likely my father would learn of such a thing. Being such a young dragon my emotions were still all over the place and high school wasn't renowned for calm and kind atmospheres. I didn't wish to kill any students here, as that would cause some problems so I needed to be extra careful. I needed to remember to move my body if someone pushed me, needed to remember to watch my strength so as not to shatter bones or throw anyone through any walls and I needed to keep a tight control of my scales so that they stayed the color of my old skin. Not to mention I needed to keep my inner fire under control so as not to come off as being far too warm for a human. Once I had enough control of myself I got out of bed and got ready for school. Stepping out of my truck and into the pouring rain I pulled my hood up and scrunched my back like all the other students and made my way to the school offices, which were clearly marked with a large sign with white letters. Once inside I reached up to my hood and flipped it back, freeing my hair and letting people see my face clearly. I heard a quiet gasp of surprise from the woman behind the counter when I shook out my brunette hair so that it fell in its natural curls over my shoulders. I kept it long enough that the ends were a few inches lower than the bottom of my shoulder blades. When I open my ember eyes I could see the secretary staring at me in open awe and I resisted the urge to puff up my chest in pride at the clear sign of my beauty. I walked up to the counter and had to cough slightly to break the woman out of her stupor. "My name is Bella Swan, I'm a new student here and I came for my Schedule," I explain softly and the woman's eyes widened once more at the sound of my melodious voice. I had to hold in a smirk, no doubt this woman was wondering if she had just been dropped into a reality show or something, my beauty had been muted but present when I was mortal but was now impossible to stifle, nor would I ever want too. Gone were the days of baggy jeans and shirts that were meant to hide my figure. I didn't yet have the money to afford designer labels, but I had hunted long and hard for my new clothes. Tight form fitting tees, skin tight jeans that hugged my every single curve perfectly, High heels to accentuate my legs and ass, were my new go to's for my daily outfits. And now that I was in colder weather, form fitting hoodies had been added. Add all that with a voice any singer would kill for and I seemed almost too perfect to be human, which in fact I was. "Y-yes, of course. Just a moment." The woman stuttered clearly struggling to organize her thoughts as she shuffled through some papers on her desk looking for my schedule which I had already located off to her left. She didn't introduce herself, no doubt still too out of it to think of doing so. But her name tag told me what I needed to know. "Ms. Cope, I believe it is there." I gesture at my schedule after a moment when it became clear she would take awhile to find it. "Oh, yes thank you." She replied picking up my schedule and the paper which was paper clipped to it and handing it to me. Then with a soft 'oh', she picked up another paper, which turned out to be a map of the school. "Here you go dear, Everything you need for the day. Please get each of your teachers to sign this and bring it back at the end of the day," she explained pointing to the small piece of paper at the top of my schedule. I thanked her for her help and quickly left after