This was the perfect day I thought to myself as I walked back home through Edoras. Éomer had finally come to his damn senses, Lothiriel seemed to be doing somewhat better I guess, well she was not all sickly and sweaty looking anymore, I got to yell at Stein, and got to make an ass out of Leod. All in all, a perfect couple hours I thought to myself; and then there was Raewen. Oh, tonight was going to be a glorious night, I thought. As I walked by the taverns, I noticed that the girls that once caught my eye really did not look the same. Sure, they were still pretty and all, but that was it. Pretty. They did not have that long dark hair, the deep brown eyes that sparkled when they smiled, her smile..her…"Oh stop it", I laughed at myself, "You're acting like a child". Suddenly, a thought struck me. Was this what it was like for Stein with my sister? The way they looked at each other made it obvious, but the way he tended her after I had injured her, carrying her so gently like she would break, and her calling out for him. As I rounded the corner to the house and glanced at the yard, my mood suddenly clouded over. What the hell was Stein doing cutting wood at my house? "Freda", I gritted under my teeth and stormed to the front door to confront her. What if people had seen this? What the hell was she thinking, and here I was trying to come to terms with the two of them and this is how I was to be repaid? ""Freda? Joscelin?!" I bellowed as I threw the door open. "We're out back Éothain!" I heard Freda's voice drifting from her damn herb room. "What the hell is Stein doing?" "From the sounds of it, he's cutting wood", she replied with a little grin on her face. I felt my teeth clench further, as she knew I hated when she answered questions so literally. "I can see that is what he's doing", I replied rolling his eyes in exacerbation "but why is he cutting OUR wood?" "Because he chose to do that over cutting petals in here". "Freda, it does not look right a man you are not even betrothed to doing chores here…" I glanced at Joscelin as I finished my words, he should know better. Even if he was not raised in Rohan, Gondor could not be that different. Suddenly Freda slammed her knife down on the table and crossed the room until she stood right in front of me; it was then an explosion of pain soared through my side. "Freda! What the hell…" "You are hurt and as a fellow Marshall, Steinthor is helping your family", she smiled sweetly as she turned and walked back to her table. Did she seriously just punch me? As I glanced at Joscelin, my fury grew as he was doubled over in laughter at the interaction between our sister and me. "Joscelin!", I exclaimed, "You are not seriously taking her side in this" "I wish to not have a broken nose before the feast this evening", he laughed in reply. Suddenly Freda whipped around, "Feast? What feast?" "Tonight…", I replied at the same time as Joselin "Forgive me Freda, I forgot to tell you", Joscelin apologized as he wiped tears of laughter from his face. "Am I the only person who does not know about this?" "Perhaps", I shrugged as I laughed. Serves you right, I thought, to not know everything that is going on, "I'll go ensure Stein knows, I would not want him to be too worn out from helping my family to attend". I felt the sarcasm dripping from every word as it left my mouth, as Freda would not accept no as an answer from him I imagined. As I walked out of the house, I started towards Stein slowly. I knew what needed to be done, as if to save any reputation for my family. …."Éothain, Freda means the world to me"…. The words Stein had spoken as we packed up to leave the camp echoed in my mind. As I stepped closer, I caught Stein's attention and he stood up straight and placed his axe down in the ground and wiped the sweat from his face. I took a deep breath, knowing that this was the hardest thing I was going to ever have to do in my life. As I pulled my sword from its sheath I watched the look of confusion on Stein's face as I came closer to his axe and drove my sword in the ground crossing it. As I let my breath out slowly, I lifted my eyes to meet Stein's. "Éothain? Are you sure…" "Stein, I owe you my life, literally, after Éomer's…well let's call it a really bad week. I know that for some reason that is beyond my understanding you and Freda have fallen in love, and I will not stand in the way of this any further. Whatever your intentions are, you have the blessing of this household." "Éothain, Freda will never lack for anything, and will know with every passing moment how much she is loved and treasured, and how lucky I am that she chose me. Her life and happiness comes before mine, and you know I would rather die than have her endure any pain or heartache.." "You're damn right that you will die", I laughed only half joking in all reality. "But I don't think it is me that you would have to worry about killing you, I'm pretty sure she will take care of that herself" "Yes…that she can", he smiled as he stepped closer to me and clasped my arm, "Thank you…brother" I smiled and then overhearing the rustling coming from behind me rolled my eyes as I yelled, "Yes, Freda..you and Joscelin can come out now I know you're listening to every word we have been saying" Just as my words ended, I watched as Freda swirled past me and into Stein's arms; I had not seen her so happy in such a long time, since before our parents had died. "Just do me a favor", I addressed the two of them, "Please no kissing in front of me. Now, I think there is a feast to attend, and I for one needs some ale…lots of ale". At the insistence of my siblings and Raewen, I headed to the hall before them to join the feast as they needed to get some items together for Lothiriel. As I walked, it was strange to not feel the weight of my sword at my side; at Freda's insistence I left my sword at home, as she played on my guilt of what happened last time I was drinking. "Who the hell would think of herbs when there is food and ale in abundance", I muttered to myself, really wishing that Raewen had joined me in entering the hall, as would love to flaunt her in front of Leod, who I knew would be guarding the halls with a scowl as usual. I grudgingly walked in the hall by myself, but my mood was lifted by the laughter and cheer throughout the hall. I grabbed an ale immediately, and felt the cool liquid slip down my throat, soothing my nerves after my talk with Stein earlier. I knew it would be hard to give him the blessing of our household, but it was something that had to be done. If only my father had still been alive to do such a deed, to be able to see the woman my sister had grown to be, and her horrible taste in men I laughed to myself. As I scanned the room, I noticed Stein looking in my direction obviously looking for Freda. I smiled as I walked over to him. "I've forbidden Freda from coming this evening..." I watched as Stein narrowed his eyes, "Aye, and you think I can believe you, huh? I can't imagine you to be able to forbid her anything. Actually, I can't imagine anybody is able to." With his laughter at the end of his words, I then realized Calin was sitting beside him and sat down beside her. I grabbed an ale from the table for myself and Calin and with a clink of our mugs and a smile, we took a large sip. "I remember the first time when we sat like that together but it did not end so good. I'm glad that things have changed. Cheers!". Stein's words rung true as we drank our ale in one a gulp. "And where is your lovely Lady Healer, Eothain? I thought you will pretend ill only to be close to her, don't tell me you didn't thought about it", Stein laughed as he winked at Calin. I rolled my eyes at his mention of Rawen. "My lovely healer is with my sister and brother and the moment, and do not worry she will join me soon". I grabbed another round of ale for us, "Unlike you Stein, I do not have to pretend anything with her..." Turning to Calin as I handed her another ale I felt a huge grin cross my face. "And here is to the first of many this evening...better late than never huh?" My conversation with Stein and Calin was suddenly cut short with the arrival of Raewen with my sister. I felt my mouth drop momentarily, but gained my composure quickly seeing that Joscelin was not at her side. "Please, join us. Shall I try to find you some wine or is ale alright?", I smiled as I gestured to her to sit and as she did I discreetly elbowed Calin who was giggling next to me. With a smile, she sat down gracefully in the chair next to me and thankfully the ale that I had given Calin suppressed her laughter. As I sat and watched Raewen speak, the whole world around me vanished. All I could see was this goddess before me, never had I seen hair so dark before, well besides Lothiriel, but this was different. Her dress seemed to appear from her skin...I wondered what it would feel like under my..."Ouch", I yelled feeling a hand smacking across my head. "Calin, what the hell was that for?" "Because this lady you are staring as if she would be a piece of cake asked you for wine rather than ale", she replied holding out her empty mug as she continued, "And since you go to fetch that wine, bring some more ale for us, will you? Thank you." I heard her words, but somehow they were not fully registering with me, and then it hit me...wine. Dammit, yes, wine. Why was I acting like such a fool? I was actually thankful as I got up from the table in search of wine and more ale, as I think I needed another mug myself and the time to get my act together. As I glanced out at the dance floor, I saw Freda smiling and laughing as she danced in sync with Stein. I opened my mouth to yell at them, and then wisely closed it. I gave them my blessing after all, and in all reality she deserved to be happy. As I grabbed a mug of ale and downed it I finally found Eyletha in the middle of the food. "...and who is the loveliest of them all", I smiled as I kissed her cheek. "Oh Eothain", she brushed me off laughing, "I'm guessing you're looking for something". "For me to be 20 years older so you could take me seriously", I laughed, "would you happen to have some wine here somewhere?" I watched as one eyebrow shot up on her face, "Wine? Either you have fallen and hit your head or trying to impress some lady"