Leo Valdez hadn't been worried about a thing until Nik, his girlfriend's more violent twin, burst into Bunker 9. "Valdez!" she yelled at him, gasping for breath as she stood outside the door. Leo opened the passage to Bunker 9 and gazed at Nik. "Hey Nik. What's with the breathless-ness and urgency?" he asked, leaning against the entrance way. Nik just growled at him, grabbed his wrist, and pulled him out and off on some path. "Nik, I know I'm awesome, but I belong to Michelle." Nik rolled her eyes, "This is about Michelle, you flaming idiot." Leo's eyes widened slightly at that, "Is something wrong?" Nik rubbed her neck with her free hand, "Kinda…" she said quieter than usual. Leo pulled his wrist from her grip. "Tell me. What's wrong with my Angel?" now he was mad, when he found the guy that hurt her- Nik rolled her eyes and faced Leo, "She's been put under some sleeping curse." she cut off Leo's thought. Michelle Kelley was having the most wonderful dream, it was a constant flow of moments with Leo throughout their whole relationship, ever since they first met. "The name's Leo Valdez, bad boy supreme." Michelle rolls her eyes, "Uh-huh, sure. I'm Michelle Kelley." "Michelle is such a pretty name. And it fits you nicely." Michelle shakes her head, "Leo…I don't even know you." Leo takes her hand, and her icy blues gaze into his warm deep brown orbs, "Do you want to?" Michelle finds herself smiling and nodding, "Actually, yeah." What in Hades was happening to her? What was she doing? Nik crashed in there, "Chelle! We got a serious problem!" Then, the scene faded into another one. Leo was nervous. What the Hades was he supposed to do? Michelle was under some sleeping curse and all he could do was be dragged by the twin of his sweet Michelle. "Come on Valdez, that guy that helped Jason when you guys first came here, Clovis? Yeah, he's checking her out right now." Leo's eyes grew wide, "Really? What if he can't sense what happened to her?" Nik shrugged with one shoulder , "Dunno, hopefully she'll be okay…" Nik was never unsure or so…unconfident…She was scared. She was NEVER scared, and that scared Leo. He gave her a crazy smile. "C'mon! This is MICHELLE we're talking about here. Tough, strong, a fighter. An angel." he sighed on the last two words. Nik's eyes widened at him, then, they were at the Athena cabin. "Okay, c'mon Lee, let's see what's up with your girlfriend…" Michelle's dream continued with the next best moment throughout their whole knowing-each-other stage. Michelle laughed as she shot an ice beam at Leo's feet. "Who knew a daughter of Athena could control ice?" Nik smiled as an electric blue bolt of electricity hit Leo's feet, "Or electric blue lightning?" she asked incredulously. Leo rolled his eyes as he melted his feet, "You guys love to abuse me." "Well, duh." the twins chimed together. Percy chose then to challenge the twins and Leo. "Michelle and Leo versus Nik and I." he said. Michelle scrunched up her nose, "Why me and Valdez?" she asked. Leo feigned hurt, "What do you have against me, Kelley?" he asked. Michelle rolled her eyes, ignoring his question. "Besides, fire and ice don't work together." she crosses her arms over her chest. Nik glanced at Percy, "And water and electricity don't work well either, I could shock you." Within twenty minutes, Michelle glared at Leo, their wrists had been duct-taped together. "This is all your fault." she muttered to Leo. Percy and Nik smiled at the two, then high-fived, "I guess electricity and water work better together than fire and ice." Nik laughed. Michelle and Leo shared a dark smirk, then, cupping their own hands, they pushed all their power at the two, fire and ice combined somewhere in the middle of bursting from their owners hands and hitting their opponents, becoming an explosion that knocked them all off their feet. Which was difficult for Michelle and Leo to get up from. They somehow managed and stood above Percy and Nik. "Or not." Michelle replied smugly. Leo laughed, "Ice Queen's got a point." Michelle whapped him with his own hand on the cheek. "Shut it Fire Lord." she said referencing Avatar: The Last Airbender. Leo's eyes grew wide, "How did you-" Michelle cut him off with a smirk, "You left the door open to Bunker 9 yesterday." She whispered, then laughed. Leo blushed, embarrassed. By now, Percy and Nik were back on their feet. And really confused. "What are you two talking about?" Nik asked increduously. Michelle winked at Leo, like, " This is our secret." Then to Nik, she smiled, "Oh, I was just referencing our old favorite T.V. show Nikki, ya know, Avatar?" Nik nods and blushes, "Oh, right." Leo had been really thankful. Leo took a deep breath, then entered the cabin with Nik. Annabeth, Percy, and Clovis, were standing awkwardly around Michelle's bunk. Everyone's eyes swung to Leo. "Hey guys." he croaked. Percy gave him a sympathetic smile. Annabeth's eyes went back to Michelle, "What's wrong with her, exactly?" Clovis backed away from Michelle's face, "Well, it's hard to explain. The curse could've come from anyone associated with Hypnos or Hecate, though, from how specific it is, it seems like a Hypnos curse to me." Leo finally spoke up, "So how do we undo it?" he asked through gritted teeth. The son Hypnos shook his head, "Not sure. As far as I can tell, she's dreaming about everything that went down with you." he pointed at Leo, "I think she's gonna need to go through your whole relationship, then you need to pull a Sleeping Beauty and kiss her awake." Leo turned red. Nik burst out laughing. "Michelle's getting her fairytale alright." Annabeth shook her head, "There has to be a more logical solution." The baby-cow-boy shook his own head, "Nope, this is the only way I can sense to wake her up." Leo nodded, "Just let me know when she's done with the dreams." Percy shot him a real smile, "Chelle's strong, she'll be cool." Leo nodded. "Yeah, she'll be cool." he repeated, "She is Ice Queen after all." he smirked. Michelle was still dreaming, and it had to be a dream, because it was too perfect to be anything else. Michelle was watching the sun set over the Long Island Sound, sitting on the dock, kicking her bare feet in the cooling, calm water. Leo Valdez barely fit next to her on the dock as he came and sat down. "Sure is pretty tonight, huh?" she asks, watching the sinking sun. "Yeah, it really is." Leo says, looking at her. Her long light brown hair drifted airily in the evening breeze, her eyes bright in light of the orange setting sun. Leo thought there'd never been anyone more beautiful. "Just do it! She's only a girl! Whats the worst she can do?" "Reject you." Muttered his brain. "Not helping!" he muttered back. Then, he took the plunge. "Michelle, I need to tell you something." Those sparkling, icy eyes turned to him, curious and kind, yet expectant, "Yeah Leo?" "I really like you." She smiles brightly, "I like you too, we've become so close in the past few weeks." He noticed she didn't say they'd become "good friends", was this a good sign? Leo nods, "Yeah, we have, but, I really like you. Like, I like you like you." She doesn't even grimace at his poor choice of words, he'd definitely found a keeper, as long as she liked him, too, that is. Michelle's eyes widened only slightly before she leaned forward and planted the softest, most innocent kiss Leo could imagine on his lips. "I like you like you too, Leo." she gave a small giggle. Leo nodded, "So, uh, you wanna go to the Fourth of July fireworks with me?" he asked, casually putting his arms behind his head, like a cartoon character. Michelle nodded, then frowned, "Won't you basically be running the fireworks? I mean, not only are you the head Hepheastus counselor, but you love those fireworks." Leo nods, "Yeah, I know. But I'm sure I can find some time to slip out and be with my girlfriend." Michelle nods again, smiling, "Then it's settled. I'll see you later." she kisses him innocently once more before pulling herself onto the dock and dashing off for her cabin. Leo smiles to himself, "Told you it'd work out." he tells his brain as he goes back to his own cabin before curfew. Leo was getting antsy. Michelle hadn't opened her eyes in the past hour, Clovis was sitting too close to her for Leo's comfort, and everyone was staring at him as he paced. "Shouldn't she be done by now? I mean, we'e only known each other for-" Nik cut him off, "Six months, at least. That's a lot of time where she could have had any influential time with you." Clovis placed a hand on her forehead, "Looks like she's just now moving on from you finally asking her out on the docks." Leo blushed again. Annabeth's grey eyes zeroed in on her younger half-sister. "Why is she under this spell in the first place?" The son of Hypnos shrugged, "I don't know. Maybe she angered Aphrodite, and Aphrodite convinced Hypnos to put this specific spell on her? Maybe she's trying to make Michelle realize something…" he trailed off towards the end, looking at Leo. "Did you two fight before this?" he asked. Nik's eyes turned to straight electricity, "For Zeus' sake! This is all because she's thinking of breaking up with you?!" the awake twin gripped her hair. "Aphrodite put my twin sister to sleep because she was gonna screw up one of Aphrodite's fairytales!? That goddess, I swear to Zeus…" the electric blue-eyed twin muttered. Percy's sea green eyes widened, "Wait, the goddess of love is messing with ANOTHER romance?! Didn't she get enough screwing with The Argo II crew's?" He shook his head in disgust, "Now he's screwing with Chelle's…" Annabeth looked at Percy like he was stupid, "Seaweed Brain, Leo is part of the Argo II crew, maybe that's why she's screwing up Michelle's love life." Leo punched his fist into his other hand, "That love goddess is more annoying than Khione." he grumbled. The Hypnos guy was waving at everyone to shut up, "I think she's coming to her last few dreams. Right now there's a fight, I'm sensing a make-up, then another fight, that should be it." Leo glared at Clovis, "How much longer should it be then?" He shrugged, "No way to tell, could be five minutes or forty-five minutes." "Great. And today's our anniversary. Five months, she's gonna miss all of it…I even had an awesome present. AND IT HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH MECHANICS FOR ONCE!" Leo erupted. Everyone looked at him like he was crazy, "Leo, chill out, she'll wake up before the day is over." Nik assured. "I hope your right…" he trailed off. Michelle's sweet dream had ended, and now, she was in the middle of her first fight with Leo. Talk about a nightmare... "YOU'RE DOING WHAT?!" Michelle exploded. "DO YOU WANT ME TO DIE?!" Leo responded. "WHY DID YOU HAVE TO SWEAR ON THAT STUPID RIVER?! NOW YOU'RE GONNA! YOU'RE GONNA-" Michelle cut herself off, bursting into tears. Leo touched her shoulder, she shook him off. "Leo, you're gonna fall in love with her again! And you'll bring her home, and rub it in my face, and we'll be over, because you fell in love with a damn goddess! Again! And I'll be nothing to you! And we'll be over! And you'll break my heart!" she pulls a charm off her camp necklace, and throws it at Leo, "So let me do it for you." she says before running back to her cabin. Leo barely catches it and looks