Hello you guys ! How are you doing ? I know some of you just celebrated Christmas, how was it ? Merry enough ? What did you get ? Was it nice stuff ?! So this was my entry for the PSILY contest, didn't win a thing, but as the old adage goes « the most important is to participate » and that's exactly what I did. This was beta'ed by one amazing lady out there, Nikita, who was an emergency beta for the contest and who didn't hold back and helped me clean this up thoroughly, so THANK YOU ! Warning : This story contains elements of self harm thoughts that may trigger unwanted feelings. If reading such thing causes you distress, please do not proceed. DON'T NEED SAVING. Days blur together in front of your eyes and you're just a shadow in this whole messed up existence. You're just another face in the crowd, a drop in the ocean, a needle in a haystack, no more important than a wall standing by itself, supporting so much, yet people are eager to get rid of it, "to add some space" they say. Well, I tried to spare them the energy and time by trying it myself once. Okay, it wasn't once, maybe a little more. We could always count the scars on my pale and once flawless skin, it's almost translucent; you could perfectly trace the veins. Yep, the pun is totally intended. I'm just a teen, one of gazillion others, seventeen and plain, so very plain with my petite frame, long brown hair and brown eyes; my dad's eyes, one of the very few things I've inherited from Charlie. I don't hate my body, I'm just plain per se and I'm okay with that. Charlie's the Chief of the police department here in Forks, the small town where he lives. My mother and he got divorced when I was much younger and I've never had a problem with that fact, I don't remember us as family, so I never missed the dynamic. I used to live in Phoenix with my mom before she passed away. My reasons to live died with her. She lost her battle against breast cancer. And sometimes I blame her for not fighting harder, going further, trying the treatments. But most of all, I blame her for not telling me, leaving me in the dark, and what does me in every single time, is that I've never seen anything, I never realized she was sick until it was too late, she was my world and I didn't even notice the telltale signs of her disease. After she died, my whole world collapsed. I was forced to move to Forks where it's rainy and cloudy as hell. I have to live with my always absent father, and survive my nonexistent social life. I go to Forks High and it's as boring as sitting in a dark empty room, or so I feel. Everyone else has a friend, a boyfriend/girlfriend or even just someone to string along. I'm alone though. All I have is a body and a razor to cut it with. Although, there's this very sweet girl, Angela, I remember her name because she's such an angel to me and there's this other girl who's way too talkative for my ears to handle, but we're not that close anyway. As much as I want to call them my friends, they really aren't. We just sit together at lunch time and I stay awkwardly silent every time. Angela always tries to pull me out of it, but she never succeeds. I can't blame her though; I am not exactly cooperative. I just sit and remember. Her smile, that's what I miss the most about my mother. The time we spent together too, planning my graduation, the college I'd attend, the dreams I'd get to realize; and I just want to join her wherever she is. I know it's selfish of me right now, especially towards Charlie, but I couldn't care less because it hurts so much. I don't have it in me to continue anymore; I don't even understand the purpose of my existence. I just keep going, trying to make sense of my father's words: "As long as we breathe, we need to continue because some people somewhere else don't have the same chances we do, they're fighting for their lives." But I can't, I never could; I just don't get it. I miss so much about my life from before, nothing as much as my mother, but I miss the feeling of waking up in the morning. I haven't had the chance to feel that way in a long time. I have to get a good night's sleep first, to be able to wake up. Lately, the few times that I get to be unconscious are when I'm having a nightmare that's sucking the energy and life out of me. ҉ After a long sleepless night, I have to get ready for school. I shower quickly; sometimes I wonder why I even bother. Then I put on what could pass for a uniform, if it wasn't for the different colors: jeans, a hoodie and sneakers. I don't have breakfast this morning. I have no energy to eat; besides, nothing tastes good anymore. Charlie, of course, is long gone so I take my red truck, my 'welcome home' present and get going. Morning classes pass in no time, mainly because I pay attention to none. I sit in the cafeteria near my classmates who are chatting together, but I don't even care what they're talking about. It's probably stupid gossip. I prefer to drown in one of my books and forget for the briefest of times the numbness that has taken permanent residence in my chest. It's so much easier to live vicariously through other characters, enjoy their lives and laugh about their jokes, probably fall in love with their significant others just as they do, and realize when closing the book that you'll never have anything that compares. I have biology next so I head to class, but when I enter the lab, I see a guy is sitting in my chair. Great! That's just what I need right now. Angry, I walk towards the boy who's facing away from me. "Could you please move? That's my place you're sitting in." I'm being a bitch but I have no mind to care right now. He turns around and I'm met with the most beautiful pair of green eyes I've ever seen. I'm momentarily reduced to silence. I shake away my haze only to see him gazing at me intensely. He has the audacity to smirk then. "I'm sorry; I'd been told that it was an empty seat, so I took it." I answer dryly, "The one that is actually empty is the one just next to mine, but this seat is taken, so could you please move?" I'm short and to the point. "No problem, ma'am." I can almost hear him laughing, and I want to give him a piece of my mind, but I have no energy left in me by this time. Suddenly I see a hand appear in my periphery. "I'm Edward Cullen by the way. I'm new here." "I'm Bella," I say with lassitude and take his hand to get it over with. When our fingers touch, I think I feel something; it's like the tiniest jolt of electricity. I can't describe it properly; I just felt something new for a few seconds, wow, that's strange . I pull my hand back quickly and take my seat, not even looking at him to figure out what just occurred. I just go back to where I have always felt safe for the last few months, my world of blackness and numbness. As the bell rings signaling the end of class, I collect my stuff and head directly home, not caring to attend gym. PE has never been my forte and there's no need to humiliate myself in a room full of ruthless kids. Finally in my bed, sleep claims me in a dreamless, restless blackout. When I wake up what seems like a couple of hours later, I feel as if I've been gone for days; I blink and try to move, but it's as if I'm attached to the bed and have no strength left in me. I'm shaken out of my comatose state by Charlie opening the front door. "Bella, I'm home!" he announces. I descend the stairs to meet my dad in the kitchen; he's already discarded his boots and holster. "Hey Bella, I brought a pizza so we don't have to cook tonight. Why don't we sit and eat before it runs cold, kid?" "Okay, dad," As I get plates and cups from the cupboards and set them on the small table in the kitchen. "Have you eaten anything today?" I want to say yes, but when he sees me hesitate he knows for sure that I haven't. "Bella, you have to eat," he says, trying to reason with me. "It's okay, don't worry." "No it's not, you're my daughter and I worry about you. I'm always at work, I know. I should take better care of you than that." His eyes are watery now, and it's tearing me apart more than before. I've been troubling my father for so long now, his life would be better without me around and I feel numb again. I'm longing for the blackness and nothingness that I felt before. It suited me; it was empty, just like I am right now. That is what I need. I give him a hug to try to appease him, but we both know it's just meant to give him a false sense of security. I really think that it's time for me to go. There is no point in my living anymore. I have neither goals nor hopes. My dad's the only one who is going to mourn me, but with his busy schedule he's going to forget. He'll heal, and it will be better for him, more than he thinks. He won't have to look after me, or run to the hospital every so often. It's the only decision that I've made in a while, and I'm determined to go through with it, no matter what. The next few days are all spent in similar fashion. Charlie tries to be home earlier for dinner and stays behind for breakfast to make sure I eat something, but nothing changes about me or how I feel. I let my ideas simmer for a couple of weeks. The new guy, Edward, tries more often than not to strike up a conversation with me, and strangely enough I find myself willing to answer him. I feel a sense of comfort whenever I am close to him I can't explain why, but his words seem to get through to me. He could really help people if he wanted to, maybe even people like me. I wonder if what I'm about to do will make him choose it as his path, trying to deal with depressed people. I wonder if he'll be affected to hear of I plan to do. ҉҉҉҉҉ You know when you feel you don't belong? When you feel that your life stops and you have nowhere to go from there, and you're just done? I'm there. I'm ready to leave it all behind. I'm headed towards something unknown, yet it's all I feel like knowing nowadays, the sooner the better. I won't chicken out this time I'll make it one simple cut, deep and profound, just like my sorrow. I won't miss anything, I won't regret anything. I don't owe anything to anybody. So here I am, attending my last biology class. I'll create some excuse and just ditch gym, like always. I don't want to be embarrassed before I quit life. I