A/N: This is my entry for the age of Edward contest 2015. First contest I've ever been a part of, I almost didn't participate, but due dates were expanded and TADDAHHH. But seriously, none of this would have been possible if it weren't for an exceptional lady "NewTwilightFan". That woman was a godsend, I gave her a rock and she polished it and turned it into a gem, words will never be enough to describe how thankful I am, she's the best out there, she helped on so many aspects and made the story not only readable but enjoyable as well. So thank you so much. Guys! You should definitely check "Tracks ", her own entry for AOE contest , because yeah, she's not only an awesome beta but an even awsomer (that doesn't even exist, but you get my drift, hahaha) author, that's if you don't know her already, people enjoying great fanfics have her on their radars ( story and update alerts, same, right ?!). Back to WWC, in my head I have plans to continue it into a full length story, but at the moment I don't have the time to write it fully or even some chapters, university takes up most of my time, so maybe when school's done?! Not really promising I know but I can't do better, sorry. But stay tuned, you don't know what could happen! Thank you so much for all those who read, liked and reviewed the story, you people made me so happy. Disclaimer: I do not own twilight, all of it belongs to SM, I only own Ecved and that's pretty awesome if you ask me. When worlds collide. Isabella Marie of the house of Swan, daughter and only heir to Charles, king of England, embarked on the journey that would seal her fate, a fate that was decided long before. Being the only heir to the king, it was vital for her and her father's house to find a suitable match, to marry a powerful prince and join both nations. It put the king at ease, knowing an alliance of the sort would protect not only his daughter but his throne too. When the sun cast its cold rays on a winter morning, the princess was set to take her leave from her home, her castle, her country, heading to Austria to meet Prince Ferdinand, her future husband. He was heir to the Roman throne, and would soon become king of England too by marriage. A match made in heaven, some would say, but it was not. It only satisfied the current thrones and satiated their hunger for expanding territories. The princess and her maid were the only women to make the journey, escorted by a horde of guards for protection along the roads. They bid their farewells and shed a great many tears, then the princess and her armed escort disappeared down the bumpy road on the first leg of the journey that would end the eighteen years of her freedom. After a few days travel, they finally arrived at the coastline. Princess Isabella looked back to the English territory from the ship that would take her to France. Looking back upon the lands where she was born and raised, she couldn't help but let the tears run freely down her face, but she promised herself, next time she returned, she would hold so much power that she would be able to protect her lands for many years to come. The sail through the waters was more unnerving than anything else, and Isabella sighed her relief when touching her feet to the mainlands again. A long journey awaited them still, and they could not spare more time than necessary. They boarded the carriage and settled in for a long, overland journey to meet her betrothed. "What is happening?" Isabella asked as the carriage jolted to a stop. All she could hear was horses approaching, and swords being unsheathed. She took a small dagger from under her frock and got ready to defend herself. Few noblewomen could wield a weapon, but her father had, absent a son, indulged Isabella, teaching her basic skills and tricks with a dagger. She hid the weapon behind her body, hoping to surprise her assailants and gain an advantage. Unfortunately, she was outmatched, and did little more than wound one of the attackers before she was disarmed and subdued. She looked about in horror as they dragged her from her carriage. Her guards lay about, dead or wounded, several already bound and chained. She was both petrified and enraged, fearful of what would become of her kinsmen and her, but outraged about being attacked and unable to defend themselves. "Let go of me! I am England's princess. You have no right to lay a hand on me," she cried, but they were already taking a hold of her. The attackers were dressed in the strangest manner, with baggy trousers, long sleeved overcoats tied at the waist and odd headgear with metal gilt crowns and long flaps at the rear. The swords they carried were shorter than those of her homeland and had a marked curve. Some of the men wielded small daggers that also curved forward to a wicked point. Princess Isabella could not identify their language. She knew it was neither Latin nor French, as she was fluent in both. Apart from the huge mustaches that adorned their faces, they didn't have any distinct marks to identify them. "I'm asking you to let my maid and I go. Before long, search parties will be sent and..." but she stopped her rant mid-sentence for there was no one who was listening. The princess stayed composed while her maid Rose cried her eyes out. With no knowledge of where they were being taken, they relied on the hope that Prince Ferdinand's party would raise the alarm when they did not reach the rendezvous point on the appointed day. The Roman party that was to meet them halfway was going to be their saving grace. Isabella spent the days and nights praying to the god above to set them free. After the initial attack, nobody was mistreated or killed, but the journey to the unknown was painful enough. The journey came to an horses slowed their gallop and were lead through a massive gate. It emphasized the defensiveness of the fortress that lay ahead. Calligraphy written in golden ink adorned the top of the structure. Isabella couldn't understand what was written, but it was beautifully done. Colossal walls encompassed the whole palace, and that frightened the princess further. Once inside, she knew it would be hard to discover a way out. A colourful courtyard with green hues and fountains lay on the other side of the door, such a contrast to the wilderness on the other side. It looked peaceful, soothing even. Everyone dismounted and the hostages were ushered along by silent servants dressed in long,finely tailored robes, their actions rapid maneuvers yet precise, they moved between the incomers with fluidity and dexterity. Never, in all of her life, had Isabella seen anything remotely similar to this. A second gate stood up in front of them. This one was flanked by two large pointed towers, and there were inscriptions on this one also. The size of the edifice stunned her. A man dressed in a fine-looking long tunic, surrounded by guards, approached the newcomers. The leader of the assailants stepped forward to tell him all the highlights of their mission. "Hanım, özür dilerim…" the man could not finish his sentence, he was cut off by the princess. "I do not understand a word of what you're saying. I am Princess Isabella of England. How dare you barbarians kidnap me? You have no right to keep me hostage. This will lead to war," she cried, her anger getting the best of her. The man, who seemed to understand, finally answered, "I am sorry, miss. My men don't understand your language." In a very thick accent, he continued, "I am Jek pasha, and I am chief of army to the Ottoman Dynasty, and for now, you are our hostage. Welcome to Topkapi Sarayi, residence of the sultan of all sultans in all lands, commander of the world Ecved Mustafa Yavuz. To say that Isabella was surprised was an understatement. She was shocked to the bones, for she was convinced that she would meet her death behind those walls. She had heard that the ones who controlled this side of the world were savages, although the castle before her hardly looked like the work of beasts. "I demand to be released with my men and maid at this moment," she said rather harshly. "I'm aware that you are irked by the turn of events, but only Ecved Sultan can decide what will become of you," he replied with an intrepid tone. "Meanwhile, don't worry, Princess Isabella. You and your maid will be treated with the utmost respect, and no harm will come to either of you while under our protection," he said with finality. Isabella and her maid were led through the palace to what the princess later learned was a hamam- a steam-filled room where Ottomans take baths- by the head of the servants, an older woman whose stern face seemed to scare all the servants about the castle and sent them to their chores without so much as a word. After being bathed, massaged and clothed, the princess was then escorted to a room where she would apparently be staying. Not knowing what to do, she looked around trying to figure the best actions to take from there. She didn't know how help was going to save them all. She felt she was too far away. It seemed as if they had been dragged to the end of the world, and no one could follow them there. At least Rose was with her. For that she was grateful. They would support each other until this ordeal ended. Both women sat silent, seemingly deep in thought, until the princess was startled by a loud voice. The doors burst open, and she stood right away, while her maid bowed her head. A tall man with fair skin, the greenest eyes she had ever seen and reddish brown locks stood before her wearing a kaftan made from embroidered silk. His stature was powerful and intimidating. "Princess Isabella, I am sincerely sorry for any discomfort you experienced during your travels. I am Ecved Mustafa Sultan," he said, keeping his composure, while admiring the woman standing in front of him. He was enraptured with her; with her warm brown eyes, silky brown hair, and petite figure. He had never seen such a beauty. "Discomfort? I was kidnapped and held against my will!" she exclaimed, standing taller to show him she was not scared of him. Or rather she tried not to be scared; her shortened breath and her fast-beating heart showed she was, in fact, affrighted. "Princess, with all due respect, you weren't treated in any harsh manner, and therefore you have nothing to complain about. As for your stay, I will discuss the matter with my council, and we will decide how long you are to be kept here." He was a little taken aback by the harshness of her words. None of his subjects dared to challenge him. His mother was the only person he allowed to speak to him in that manner, yet he tolerated it. After merely a minute in her company, Princess Isabella had arrested his attention more than any other woman he had ever encountered. "I hope it won't be long. I have matters to attend to and none of them involve me being here," the princess said with a steady voice. The sultan only smiled at her defensiveness, turned around and returned to his quarters, leaving a stunned looking princess behind. Both his attitude and, dare she admit, his handsomeness, had distracted her from