An Elephant Never Forgets Four months had passed since the Battle of Hogwarts, and people were still looking dreadful. The Weasleys were trying to cope with the loss of Fred, Remus, and Tonks. Harry, most of all, was having the hardest time; blaming himself for the war helped no one, especially not himself. Harry's girlfriend, Ginny, helped him and talked with him, but for once, the story isn't all about the Boy Who Lived. Hermione Granger had stayed with the Weasley family since the Second Wizarding War ended. She previously performed a particularly strong memory charm on her muggle parents to protect them from the war. She moved them to Australia and hadn't heard from them since. Now, she was trying to be the strongest out of her friends. They all were going through trying times, but someone had to help. At the moment, Hermione was finding the strength to find joy in one seemingly trivial matter: returning to Hogwarts. The Ministry of Magic decided that any students involved in the war would be invited back to Hogwarts to repeat his previous year. "Harry! Ron!" Hermione called out to her two best friends, one of which was her boyfriend, who both came running inside of the Burrow. "Hermione?" Ron asked, "Sweet, what's wrong?" His face was pained. "Oh, absolutely nothing! We're being invited back to Hogwarts. The letter says here, 'Any student involved in the Battle of Hogwarts must return to repeat his previous year.' Isn't it wonderful?" "She needs to sort out her priorities," Ron murmured to Harry, who snickered. "I heard that, Ron." "'Mione, don't you think it's a little bit too soon to return there? What with the war just finishing…" She paused and her face fell, images of the war-battered Hogwarts flooding her mind. "You're right; it is very soon, but I think it will be good to take our minds off of… everything. Besides, we probably know most of everything." Harry and Ron looked at her skeptically, but Ron eventually wrapped his arm around her waist. "Are there more letters?" Harry asked. "I think so! The re-invitation was addressed to me and was separate from the other seven letters. Two must be for each of us." "Yeah." Ron picked up his letters and opened them. "Bloody hell. It's a long list. I wonder if Fred and George…" An odd silence fell on the room before Harry broke it. "Do you think any of your brothers have extra copies, Ron?" "Uh… Y-yeah, they might. The books are probably in the attic." "Why don't we go look for them, eh?" "Yeah, Harry. We'll be down in a little bit, 'Mione." Hermione nodded, her tear-filled eyes nearly overflowing. She herself hadn't quite gotten over her friends' deaths. She knew that it took a long time to fully recover. Hermione turned to her letter from the headmistress. Hers felt slightly heavier in her hand than Ron's and Harry's had, but she paid no mind. She tore open the envelope and pulled out the parchment. She almost screamed when a badge fell out with it. "Oh, my God! I'm Head Girl!" she hissed to herself. "What's that, dear?" Molly Weasley's voice cut through the air. "Nothing, Molly. The Ministry is requiring students involved in…. In the war must repeat his previous year. We got our school letters today and the list is kind of long." "Well," Molly smiled, "we'll manage, I'm sure." Hermione nodded and sat down to eat lunch at the long table. "Molly, when do you think we'll go to Diagon Alley?" Hermione asked, beginning to make a sandwich. "I suspect we can go tomorrow. You, Ron, Harry, and Ginny are all that need to buy supplies." She paused. "Maybe you could try meeting up with some friends in the Alley." "Yes, that's a wonderful idea! I can write to Luna and Neville." Hermione stood and hugged missus Weasley. She darted up the stairs and pulled out some parchment and a pen to begin writing. "Dear Neville," she started, "it's been quite a while! Harry, Ron and I are going to Diagon Alley tomorrow, and we'd like you to come. We're going to meet at the Leaky Cauldron at 11 A.M., so please write me back your response as soon as you can! Much love, Hermione." Satisfied, she took out another paper and wrote nearly the same letter to Luna. She sent the letters off with Pigwidgeon, sure that Ron wouldn't mind. Once Pig was gone, she wandered around outside. She hadn't seen Ginny all day, and she didn't normally sleep so late… The garden was the first place she looked. The looming oak tree seemed to be the perfect place to sit. "Ginny?" Hermione called up into the branches. A flash of red caught her eye. "Are you okay?" "I'm fine," said Ginny, her voice muffled. "You can go, Hermione." "Come down, Ginny. You can talk to me, you know." Seconds later, Ginevra was encircled in Hermione's arms, crying. "Hermione," she croaked. "George doesn't come home anymore because he… he can't imagine home without him . Mom can't say his name, Dad is spending more time at work… Percy hasn't spoken to us in a while, but now it's worse because it's like he doesn't even care! Now Ron is going to move out with you and you're going to get married and have more Weasley kids…" "Shh… Gin, I know it's hard." Hermione stroked Ginny's hair as she spoke softly to her. She dismissed the "having more Weasleys" comment, for now. "Fred was an incredible man, and he was genius. He was kind, he loved you and the rest of your family, but one thing I know he'd want is for you all to move on with your lives." "How could you say that?" Ginny hissed and pushed Hermione away. "You didn't know him nearly as well as we did, and… and… your kids won't know their Uncle Fred! Mine won't either! Oh, 'Mione…" She sobbed for what seemed like hours into Hermione's shoulder. Hermione stood patiently, rubbing her friend's back as she cried. Once her tears were gone, Ginny stepped back, rubbing her eyes. "I'm sorry I got spots on your shirt, 'Mione…" she laughed sheepishly. "And I'm most sorry for yelling at you. You know I didn't mean it." "I know, Gin. It's a trying time for all of us. Here; let's go inside. There's food, and we got letters from Hogwarts. The Ministry of Magic is requiring all students who were involved in the war to go back to the school to repeat his previous year." Ginny groaned, exactly like Hermione had expected her to do. "Repeating? I still have two years left?" "Yeah, you do. It'll be fine, though! Defense will be a breeze. So will the other classes. All that you're going to dread is tests and essays." "No, don't remind me!" Hermione laughed, but it felt fake. It quickly died out. "C'mon, Gin. You can go get lunch and I'll sit by you and fantasize about school." Ginny chuckled and agreed. The two walked arm-in-arm to the table inside and sat across from each other. Moments later, Harry and Ron stumbled down the stairs and sat next to their girlfriends. Ron ruffled Ginny's hair before sitting next to Hermione and taking her hand. The boys shoveled food onto a plate and dug in (with eating utensils, after Hermione's urging). "So, just so you three know," Hermione started speaking, "I invited Neville and Luna to go to Diagon Alley with us tomorrow. They haven't owled me back yet, but I expect I'll be getting responses back soon." "Sounds good," said Ron, after swallowing a mouthful of food. "Can you not eat so… messily?" Hermione asked, turning her nose up at the messy table next to her. He shrugged. "I think it's cute," Molly interrupted, pinching Ron's cheek into a smile. Of course Molly would coddle Ron. Hermione really had to fight the urge to roll her eyes. "I said to meet at the Leaky Cauldron at eleven o'clock, so be ready here by ten fifty, please." Harry saluted her. "You got it, Hermione." Ron agreed and laced his fingers with hers. "Yeah, we're gonna be there." Hermione smiled at her friends, grateful that she had them. The next morning, everyone was downstairs and eating a big breakfast, courtesy of Molly. Though they were all around the table, there was hardly any chatter. Hermione supposed it was simply too early for the others. Just when she was finishing up, two owls landed on the table in front of Hermione with letters tied to their leg. She opened one of the letters, from Neville. "Dear Hermione," it read. "I'm sorry, but I can't go with you lot to Diagon Alley. Gran wants to take me, and I figured I should go with her since it will be my last time going with her. Again, I'm sorry, but I hope you have fun together. Say hello to everyone for me. I'll see you all on the train! Love, Neville." "Neville says hello," Hermione said, "but he won't be coming with us today." "Why not?" asked Harry. "His grandmother wants to go with him one last time, so he said he would go with her." She shrugged. "We'll save room for him on the train." She didn't get an answer, so she repeated herself. "Right?" "Yeah," Ron mumbled. He had bacon crumbs around his mouth, but it didn't amuse her. "Merlin, I hope you're all still asleep, because that is no way to treat someone you call a friend!" She angrily ripped open the letter she assumed was from Luna and sent the owls away. Luna's read, "Hermione! I hope no nargles have been bothering you. I would love to come with you today, so I'll meet you at the Leaky Cauldron. Lots of love, Luna." "Luna's coming. Thought you should know." She stood from her chair and stared down at her friends, who all looked up at her ashamedly. "I'll be back down in an hour. I hope you're all ready by then." She sniffed and turned when she saw Ginny roll her eyes. "'Mione, wait a minute—" "I'll see you later, Harry." Hermione shook off Ron's hand and stormed up the stairs. True to her word, she was downstairs an hour later feeling awfully guilty. The tension in the room was so obvious Hermione could cut through it with a knife. Her three friends were waiting for her at the fireplace, whispering amongst themselves. She timidly stepped up to them. "Look…" She rubbed her arm. "I'm sorry I burst out at you earlier. It was uncalled for, and— and I was frustrated that you weren't planning on saving Neville a seat." "We're sorry, too, Hermione. We should have answered and been honest. Besides, we can all squeeze in," Ron answered. "Actually, Ron, you and I will be in the prefects' compartment." "Oh, that's right…" "We should be going; it's ten fifty now." "Harry, mate, can we trust you to say it correctly this time?" Ron joked. "Shut up, Ron!" Harry shoved his best friend and grabbed a handful of Floo Powder. "LEAKY CAULDRON!" he yelled, throwing the powder down at his feet in the fireplace. Ginny followed after him, and then Ron went, and Hermione finally followed. The Leaky Cauldron was as empty as ever. Hardly any wizards were in the place, and Muggles would be crazy to visit. A familiar head of long, blonde hair caught Hermione's eye. Luna plopped down at an empty booth, apparently waiting for the four of them. "Guys, I think Luna is over there." Hermione nudged the other three towards the lonesome girl. She was wearing a light blue top, which came just short of her belly button. Her black shorts complemented her pale legs nicely. Long, wavy hair was pushed back with a head band. "What is she wearing?" Ginny asked. "It's Muggle fashion, Gin," Hermione