Author's Note: This story will be all in third person. Longer chapters than my normal; will update daily, around every 10 days or so like my normal. Hope you all enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own, only play. These are Stephanie Meyer's characters. Isabella Swan was planning on skipping her first class of the day because instead of Economics 306, there was a CAS assembly in her university's auditorium. A well-known columnist for Chicago's Sun-Time newspaper was coming in to speak to the university students about finances and how to handle money. She was a smart yet stubborn girl and took the opportunity to sleep in on the mandated assembly. Her roommate, Alice Mason, was particularly the polar opposite of Isabella and was a bit of a worry-wart when it came to the school's events. She bugged Isabella about going but the sleepy eyed girl just rolled back over in her bed and grumbled about how her family was up her ass since she was a kid about 'the value of a dollar'. Isabella felt no reason to go. But in the end, it wasn't Alice's half-committed attempts to get her out of bed, but rather her good friend, Rosalie, whose texts woke Isabella up. They're taking attendance. Get your ass moving. And so the girl whipped the covers off and jumped down from her bed to the bathroom. With a huff, she gathered her hair on the top of her head, threw on some clothes and huddled to the auditorium for the CAS assembly. Now Edward Cullen was very well known. Well-known in the sense of any one in his field knew who he was. But these kids? At a state university? No one had a clue. Maybe their parents, Edward thought, as he sipped on his second cup of coffee that morning. It was possible one of these kids had parents who read the Sun Time's finance column. And if not, they were about to hear from it today. Edward Cullen was a finance writer. He wrote columns in the Chicago's popular economics section about how to better finance one's life. He made a living off of telling people how to save their money, how to invest in it, and how to manage a safe and healthy financial state. And he was very good at his job. Edward was quite familiar with giving seminars about his work however; it had been the first time his company had sent him to do college runs. He wasn't too familiar with speaking to kids under the drinking age, ironically though, it was that specific age that probably needed to hear his advice the most. He kept telling himself this as he set up for yet another seminar at the campus Isabella Swan was attending. It was a very large school; over 2,000 kids would be graduating from the senior class this year alone. Isabella amongst them, with her BFA in CTV and Cinematography. She worked hard for her degree, against her father's will in which he battled her since day one of college. He'd rather see her in something a bit more useful like business or hospitality. Isabella fought against him with his every suggestion. Needless to say, they didn't have a very balanced relationship. She made her way to the auditorium, seeing others shuffle to their seats in a late fashion. A lot showed up in pajama pants, others with their sweatshirt hoods still over their heads. Most of which had the same idea as Isabella. All college students wanted to do was sleep in. It wasn't too hard spotting Alice near by the back entrance, sitting amongst her English major friends. But there were no available seats. Figures, Isabella thought. But it was Rosalie Hale who was leaning against one of the entrance walls, waiting for her. She smiled at her friend and they walked in together and took seats in the front. Inevitably, those were the only vacant seats. Isabella supposed it was an urban legend that anyone who sat closer to the professor, closer to the front of the classroom had 89% more of a chance of being called on. She didn't like sitting in the front. But because the seminar was about to start and the two girls didn't have much of a choice. So right in the front, third row from the wall length chalk board, the two 22 year olds sat with their legs crossed, ready for the 2 hour seminar to be over. Rosalie looked over at her friend and wondered why Isabella had been so resilient to the seminar. Rosalie was never fond of these CAS assemblies, much like any other student here, but they had never been useless. In fact, Rosalie knew she was a prime example of a 'money waster' as she came from a family who had fancy cars but ate frozen T.V dinners. She needed to hear this speech more than anyone else. She looked to her side and watched as Isabella chewed on her long midnight blue nails. Her nails were always long, always dark and always Halloween-ready. Along with the rest of her style, Isabella's hair was lavender purple with her dark roots peaking. She had on one of her many oversized t-shirts along with sporting her black and white striped pants. Isabella had looked like this since the day Rosalie met her; back in freshman year when Isabella's hair was half black, half blue. It was always so normal, even looking at her now, as 'stuck out like a sore thumb' as she looked, it was completely standard by now. But along with her colored hair, the girl also had a red nose and glassy eyes, giving away that she was exhausted. "You know, I heard Mr. Cullen is kind of hot," Rosalie said, in attempts to make Isabella laugh. The pale girl next to her cracked a smile but didn't give the exact reaction Rosalie was looking for. She was about to say something else until the chair of the school board came out to speak. He opened up with 'good morning's and 'happy Tuesday's to all the students who grumbled back in response. He motioned to the head of the English department for setting up this assembly and thanked the head of the business department for bringing in Mr. Cullen himself, as in his terms, was nothing because Mr. Cullen was 'an old friend'. Rosalie sat up straight in her chair, leaning over with curiosity as a tall man in navy blue walked out on stage. Edward Cullen wasn't a dress up type of guy. He normally showed up everywhere in black slacks and a button down, but today he was ordered to look a bit more professional instead of 'pedestrian', in the words of his boss. So he walked out in his dark blue suit and leather shoes but once feeling completely out of his skin, he ditched the top coat and threw it over a chair. He thanked the chair of the school board and smiled out to the audience of youth. And once he did, his eyes fell upon an unusual looking girl with faded hair color and bewildering eyelashes. He caught his breath, stretched his lips into a smile, and continued on with his speech on how not to go bankrupt by the time one was 30. Rosalie was feeling pretty secure about her future by the end of the seminar. She had enjoyed the assembly so much that she was eager to get the chance to go up to Mr. Cullen and talk to him. But she wasn't too keen on going alone and so she asked Isabella if she would go up with her. Isabella rubbed at her nose and gave a face Rosalie knew all too well which meant 'hell no'. But in the end, it was Isabella's arm being grabbed in tow while Rosalie made her way on stage. Many other students, surprisingly, felt the need to go up and talk to Edward Cullen about his spiel. Edward had been impressed by the student's vocation about it and was more than thrilled with bouncing conversation back and forth with them. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see the girl he spotted in the audience when he first started. She was approaching with a blonde girl beside her. As Edward kept his main focus on the student in front of him, he manages to keep on a sideway glance on the two girls before they squeezed their way through. "Mr. Cullen, I really enjoyed listening to you today. You don't know how much I needed to hear that." Rosalie started, along with offering her hand for him to shake it. She may have brushed a few shoulders and stepped on a few toes, but she found it was worth it. Edward Cullen was definitely someone to listen to. And as she stood more closely, she concluded that he was definitely someone to look at, as well. In shorter strides, Isabella, began to realize this too. Edward shook the blonde girl's hand with a standard smile and a 'thanks'. In that moment, he chose to hold his hand out for the other girl too. Isabella peered up at him and took his hand hesitantly. It was a quick handshake and Edward felt a chill up his arm by the time it was back at his side. Edward didn't think he did anything wrong by his gesture. Surely, her blonde friend had no problem offering a hand shake and so he thought this was pretty normal for any firsthand meeting. But maybe the girl with the lavender hair was just shy. He let it go. "Rose Hale, by the way." "Pleasure to meet you," Edward responded. He looked over to Rose Hale's friend, who looked up at him and then to her friend before curling her hand around her choker necklace. "Bella. Swan." "Pleasure," Edward repeated. He gave her a quick scan, noting the unusual character traits as well as style choices like her septum piercing or her slender fingers or her emotion-wild eyes. It was an odd feeling that overcame him but he found her strangely attractive. He had always come from a professional world of suits and ties and champagne but it seemed she breathed leather and tattoos and vodka and for some alien reason, it was appealing to him. Eventually, other students came to greet him who inadvertently, weaned Rose and Bella out and off the stage. They both politely waved to Mr. Cullen on their way out. Peering over her shoulder one last time, Rose curled back Bella's hair and whispered into her hair: "Told you he was hot." "Sucks you like vag and not dick, Rose," Bella shrugged her shoulders sarcastically before watching Rosalie chortle in some sort of false drunken glee. Bella had known her best friend liked girls since the moment she saw her spying on her when Bella went to take a shower. For Bella, it wasn't a big deal; she and her high school friends had all seen each other naked several times for it to not be weird anymore. But Bella always had a hunch about Rose. She tried way too hard to be convincing that she liked other guys, that she apparently 'swooned' over the football team and practically threw herself at any guy that would ask to borrow a pencil during Brit Lit. It wasn't until one night she had hobbled over to Bella's dorm room with last night's mascara running down her flushed cheeks; she climbed into Bella's bed with her daytime clothes still on. " I lost my virginity," she had disclosed quietly, quickly looking over at Bella's old roommate, turning over in her bed. "Are you okay?" Bella had sighed with concern. "I'm not sure." "You're crying?" "… I think I like girls." Bella's expression had not changed. "Did you tell him afterwards?" Rose had shaken her head, her bun