This is a work of fan fiction using characters from the Harry Potter universe, which are trademarked by J.K. Rowling. I do not claim ownership of these characters nor the locations such as Hogwarts, Hogsmeade, etc. that are Rowling's creations. I thank Rowling for the universe she has created that allows me to do something like this for my own entertainment and, hopefully, the entertainment of the readers. A/N: Hello everyone. Before I begin with my story I'd just like to say a few things, firstly that if you have read my current works (the HP/Pokemon crossover) this will be very different, primarily of course because this is not a Harry Potter/Pokemon crossover. Second thing I'd like to mention is that I was tempted to put this under the category of crossover but I decided against it. For those of you who have seen the political tv drama 'The West Wing' you'll recognise a lot of the style and themes from the show as it was my inspiration for writing this. However none of the characters from 'The West Wing' appear or are ever mentioned so I felt that this probably counted as a single universe piece. If you have never seen 'The West Wing' then first, I'd highly recommend it, and second you don't need to to follow the story or understand it. As I said above this isn't really a proper crossover. With that out of the way I'll get the story started. Enjoy. Harry Potter scanned over the last few lines he'd written, quill held poised in his grasp as he mentally repeated the words to himself, mulling them over in his head. Setting down the still incomplete monologue Harry reached across his desk for his official Ministry mug, draining the last few dregs of his now cold coffee. Harry's face twitched in annoyance as he reached the end of his drink, placing the mug back down on his desk with a fleeting scowl before picking up the speech again, mind returned to full focus on the task at hand. "Hey." Harry looked up, parchment still raised to his face for inspection. "Hey," he replied, gently setting the parchment and quill back on his desk and leaning back in his chair. "What's up?" Neville Longbottom shuffled slightly, hands in his pockets as he stood in the open doorway to Harry's office. "Nothing, really," Neville murmured absently, glancing around the room as he spoke. "What about you?" Harry paused before answering, slightly wary of Neville's unusual behaviour. "I was just drafting a speech for the trade bill the Minister hinted he might need," he replied, going to take a drink from his coffee mug before belatedly remembering it was empty. "I thought we agreed he wouldn't get asked about it," Neville said, frowning slightly. Harry shrugged. "It's a big issue," he replied simply. "It never hurts to be prepared. I've just penned a quick first draft; just some basic guidelines for the Minister to follow. What to focus on, what to avoid…" "How long did this take you?" Neville asked, picking the scroll of parchment off Harry's desk and glancing over it briefly. "I admit it took a while," Harry said, rubbing the back of his neck subconsciously. "I've been here working on this since about midnight. I Just couldn't get it out of my head and it's been bugging me all-" "Weren't you supposed to be on a date last night?" Neville cut across, trying to think if he remembered correctly. "Well, yeah," Harry replied, leaning forward again in his seat. "But, eh, complications arose." Harry looked down, fiddling distractedly with his quill. "Is everything-?" Neville started cautiously. "Everything's alright between me and Ginny," Harry quickly assured him, dropping his quill as he looked up. "There was just a nasty potions spill at the lab and she had to stay behind to clear it up." Harry shuddered slightly in his seat. "It sounded disgusting." Neville was about to speak when he was interrupted by someone knocking on the open door. "Harry, Hermione wants to see you as soon as possible," Cho Chang informed him as Neville stood aside to reveal her in the doorway. "You know what it's about?" Harry asked his assistant. "She didn't mention," Cho replied, adjusting the folders crammed under her arms as she stood there. "Alright, well I guess I'll go see her now," Harry said, rising to his feet. "Thanks, Cho." Cho nodded to him as she left the room, walking briskly back into the growing throng of people populating the ministry building at the early hour of the morning. "Hopefully Hermione doesn't have anything of significance to tell me," Harry said, pulling on his robes as he prepared to leave his office. "Although why else she'd call me, I do not know." He paused abruptly. "Wait, what were you here for?" Neville shrugged slightly, hands back in his pockets. "It's nothing really," he dismissed. "It'll wait." "No, really, tell me and I'll get back to you after I see Hermione," Harry pressed, still absentmindedly organising notes on his desk as he spoke. Neville seemed to have an internal battle with himself before he sighed and gave in. "I have nothing to do." Harry looked up, suddenly completely still. "You have nothing to do," Harry repeated slowly, stressing out each individual word. "Nothing?" Neville nodded bashfully. "Seriously," Harry said incredulously. "I've got a stack of paperwork taller than my desk and you've got nothing ?" "I know," Neville agreed. "It's ridiculous." "Ridiculous," Harry repeated with an incredulous, humourless laugh. "Neville, you are the Deputy Chief of Staff for the Minister of Magic." "I know," Neville agreed, seeming to be regretting speaking. "It's ridiculous but Amos has delegated everything else. I literally have nothing left to do." Harry just stared at Neville in disbelief. "Get out," Harry said, gesturing to the door. "Seriously, and don't talk to me again until you've got a backlog bigger than mine." "Sorry, Harry," Neville replied, slipping out of Harry's office as quickly as he had come. "Seriously," Harry muttered under his breath, finishing rearranging his papers and heading for the door. "Cho!" "Yes," he heard from the staff cubicles, Cho's dark hair standing out over the partition walls. "I'm going to see Hermione, when I come back I want our files on the Herbologist's Union I'm supposed to be meeting tomorrow… and some coffee," he added as he strode round the square of cubicles in the centre of the room. "Get me a doughnut as well, I like jam." He finished. "I know," Cho muttered, starting to move into action as soon as he'd finished speaking, only briefly watching him as he strode through the corridors and out of sight. "Hey Harry," Ron Weasley greeted as he fell into step beside him, appearing as if from nowhere. "I hear you're off to see Hermione." "Yep," Harry replied briskly, taking a turn into another corridor, Ron matching his movements. "Happen to know what it's about?" Ron shook his head. "Haven't the foggiest," he replied, smiling at a passing office worker he happened to know. "But if I've learnt anything from this job it's that it is never good when Hermione is the one calling you over." "Thanks, Ron," Harry sighed, already exhausted from his all-nighter. "Do you have anything else to say to me?" Ron shook his head, puffing out his cheeks as he did so. "Nope," he replied. "Then why are you walking with me?" Harry replied, slightly irritably. "I was bored," Ron replied with a shrug. "I've just been wandering around and I thought you might be able to interest me. You haven't, by the way." "Well, sorry," Harry said sarcastically. "Don't you have work to be doing?" Ron shrugged. "Not really." Harry stopped dead in his tracks, staring at Ron with consternation. "Seriously, you too." Ron just looked back with a rather alarmed expression. "Tell you what, go find Neville and beg Amos to give you some work," Harry retorted, his face holding a stormy expression. "I've got a meeting." He pulled off down a side corridor and into a small reception room where he found a secretary sitting at her desk, scribbling away on a piece of parchment as she sat surrounded by papers. "Hey Demelza, busy?" Harry asked, eyes glancing only half interestedly at the many stacks of parchment surrounding her. "The Glasgow report," Demelza replied as a way of answering, waving an arm vaguely over the stacks of parchment. "Good," Harry replied. "At least I'm not the only one working around here." Harry sighed, trying to calm himself a bit. "Is Hermione in?" "Just go right in, she's waiting for you," Demelza responded, already having turned her attention back to her work. Harry moved over to the large oak door, glancing back at the swamped Demelza as he knocked, entering as he received a call from inside. "You wanted to see me," he said, hand on the door in case he needed to close it. Hermione looked up at him from where she was reading, staring piercingly at him through her thin reading glasses. "Close the door." Harry sighed to himself softly as he did so, knowing the conversation that was about to follow would not be good. He moved over to the seat in front of Hermione's desk but she gestured for him to take one of the armchairs at the other side of the room, joining him with a file sitting in her lap. "Please just tell me," Harry said as Hermione seemed to freeze up. "If it's really as bad as I think it is it'll hurt more if we draw it out." Hermione nodded. Taking a brief breath she put her hand into her file and pulled out a copy of Witch Weekly, causing Harry's eyebrows to raise in surprise. "There's been an article," Hermione said, delicately opening the magazine to a predetermined page. "In Witch Weekly?" Harry asked incredulously. Hermione nodded. "Rita Skeeter wrote an article about you and Minister Weasley's daughter." "Ginny?" Harry responded. "How's she got into this, how did Skeeter even find out we were dating?" "I don't know," Hermione responded apprehensively. "But that's not really the issue. Skeeter has reported that a month ago you and Ginny spent the weekend together at a hotel in Yorkshire." Harry blinked. "So?" he asked, nonplussed. "What's the problem?" Hermione sighed. "Harry, the hotel was called 'The Brewer' and has a bad reputation. Drugs, Gambling, Prostitution, the only reason the auror's haven't already busted this place is because they haven't been able to get a warrant. I need to ask if any of this is true." "What!?" Harry said incredulously. "No, it's all lies. Where on earth does Skeeter get this stuff from?" "You were on holiday that weekend," Hermione pressed him. "Obviously some of what she has said is true." "I don't believe this," Harry muttered, rising to his feet angrily and turning his back on Hermione. "I don't believe this." "Well it's true," Hermione retorted to the back of his head. "And I need you to tell me." "You believe this story," Harry rounded on her, looking down at her in disbelief. "Unbelievable, I never thought you'd be so narrow minded and stupid-" "It's my job," Hermione raised her voice, rising to her feet and cutting through Harry mid rant. "Of course I don't believe this but guess what, I'm this Ministries' Press Secretary and I'm the one who's going to be dealing with the fallout of this article. Now I need you to tell me everything so I can get you out of trouble." Everything was silent for a moment as the two colleagues stared at each other, each panting slightly from their argument. Eventually, Harry's shoulders slumped. "A month ago I did have the weekend off," he admitted. "I did spend it with Ginny but I did not visit that hotel and neither did Ginny. We spent the entire weekend at my place."