Happy Reading. Warning: I have made some edits. Disclaimer: JK Rowling owns all, excluding OCs. Nicholas Lestrange was not your average ten year old boy. He was a wizard. But he wasn't even your average wizard. He was the son of Bellatrix and Rodolphus Lestrange. His parents were Death Eaters, loyal followers of the most feared wizard in Great Britain. Eventually, Rodolphus had died in a failed raid. Nick wasn't Heir, to his extreme annoyance(his sister, Raven was instead), but the Dark Lord himself had promised Nick with the Dark Mark when he was old enough. But even a future Death Eater needed to have some fun. And by "fun", he meant rule-breaking. According to Nick, rules were inconveniences. Which was why he was decked head to toe in black clothing, in the middle of the night. Even his hair was styled so that it laid flat, rather than its usual windblown hairstyle. He made his way to the closed window as silently as he could, trying not to alert anyone downstairs. He hurriedly opened the window and harnessed himself to a rope. Nick took a quiet breath and looked down. Lestrange Manor was quite tall, even though only three people lived in it. He tied the rope to the window and began scaling down the manor, keeping close to the wall. Nick desperately tried not to look down, knowing that he might fall any second. Scaling was particularly difficult in the middle of the night. Once he was close enough to the ground, he let himself drop ten feet onto the soft grass. He untied himself to the harness and left the rope hanging down who knows how many feet. Nick wished that he had thought of a better plan. Pushing that aside, he hurried to find his broomstick, a Firebolt, in the shed. He kicked off the ground, soaring into the sky. The cold wind whipped him in the face and he almost fell off his broom. Despite the wind, he prided himself on being a decent flier. He had learned to fly before he could walk. Nick flew to Malfoy Manor, which was right next door. He flew past the tall black gate, passing several peacocks as he flew upward to his cousin, Draco Malfoy's room. To his annoyance, Draco was asleep. Nick rapped on the locked window loudly. When this attempt failed to wake his annoying cousin up, he pulled out his wand. Or, rather, his mother's wand. Bellatrix would most likely be furious, but it wasn't like she was using it. Or finding out. " Alohomora. " he muttered. The window clicked open. Nick felt a surge of glee. According to the spellbook(stolen), it was a first year spell. "Malfoy!" he hissed. Draco snapped up immediately, a look of alarm on his face. Nick couldn't help laughing a little. "Let me in, Draco!" Draco couldn't contain the look of surprise and horror on his face. He jumped out of bed and open the window wider. Nick flew in, broomstick and all. Draco room was quite large, although not quite as large as his own. Nick noticed several quidditch posters. Draco sneered, saving face. "Lestrange! How did you sneak out? And get in the manor?" "It doesn't matter." Nick waved it off. Draco looked behind him. "Did you bring your sister?" Nick gave him an amused smirk. It was no secret that Draco was hopelessly in love with Raven, who was three years older than him. Nick couldn't understand it. She was cold and had the personality of a rock. Sure, Raven was pretty, but she could be so mean. "Of course not." Nick answered. "She would decapitate me." Draco deflated a little. He glanced at the wand Nick was holding jealously, still in his hand. "You got a wand? I'm a month older than you, and I still don't have one!" he fumed. "Father has been so annoying about it." Nick smiled at his cousin condescendingly. "I didn't. I borrowed it." He thought it was best to leave the details out, which Draco would most likely use for blackmail. Draco narrowed his eyes. "Nick, I swear you steal everything you see." Draco then regarded him for the first time, noticing the black clothing, the broomstick, and the gleam in his cousin's piercing grey eyes. "Why are you here?" Nick shrugged nonchalantly and gave his cousin a charming, innocent grin he often used on Bellatrix. "Seeing my cousin." Draco stared at him, obviously wondering whether or not he was telling the truth. "Whatever." he finally said. "But I'm not defending you when Bellatrix catches you and tries to curse you." Nick rolled his eyes. "I never get caught." That was true. Mostly. Nick grudgingly had admitted that he was reckless, but as far as he was concerned, he was never going to end up in Gryffindor. He was too awesome and charming for that to happen. Draco frowned. "Yes, you did. At Christmas-" "I was four!" Nick interrupted, not wanting to recount the event. Bellatrix had caught him pranking a guest, and had performed the Cruciatus Curse on him until he had been knocked unconscious. It was one of the most painful moments in his life. Draco was giving him that infuriating broad Malfoy smirk. "And that guest-" Nick gave him an icy glare. It was so much like Bellatrix's that Draco backed up from him a little. "Stop talking now, Malfoy. I've learned some good hexes." He shoved the wand in his pocket. "Speaking of Bellatrix, did you tell her you were coming?" Nick stared at him incredulously. "If I did tell her I was going, which I didn't, what would be the point of sneaking out? Plus, it would completely ruin the point." "Can't the Ministry tell if you perform underage magic?" "Blah, blah, blah." Nick rolled his eyes. "Who cares?" He didn't bother telling Draco that if it was Bellatrix's wand, it wouldn't register in the Ministry. Nick suspected Draco didn't know a thing about underage magic. Draco thought for a moment, which Nick had to admit, looked amusing. "You're right. Those freaks are full of mudbloods and blood traitors." Nick gave his cousin a fake malicious smirk. "Exactly." Nick didn't approve with Draco's constant yammering about mudbloods and blood traitors. It ran in the family. But Draco was good to have as a pawn; he was easy to bait into Nick's pranks and occasionally useful. "I'm bored." Nick said. "Let's do something fun." Draco's eyes widened. Whenever Nick said that they were going to do something fun, it usually included stealing, doing illegal things, and generally a very angry Death Eater. "Or, we could-" Draco replied. Nick interrupted him. "Malfoy, Malfoy. What have you been learning the past week? Pureblood rituals? You deserve something fun! Right?" "Y-yes." Nick brightened considerably. "Great! Let's do this!" Draco frowned at him. "What?" In one quick, fluid motion, Nick had dragged Draco on his broom and jumped out the window. They were free-falling. Draco was making a sound that he only made when Nick was around. A high pitched, panicked scream. "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!" "Shut up!" Nick hissed. "You'll wake someone up!" "We're going to die!" Draco screamed, paying Nick no attention. The ground was getting close alarming fast. And then, at the last second, Nick gracefully pulled out of the dive. Both boys landed on the grass, right in front of a strutting peacock. Nick's face was alight was excitement. "A perfect Wronski Feint!" "You idiot!" Draco punched Nick in the shoulder. Hard. Nick gaped at him. "We could have died!" "I prevented that from happening." Nick said defensively. "Relax. We weren't going to die. I'm an excellent flier." "You're nine." Draco told him, still miffed. Nick barely glanced at him. "At least I don't act like a frightened mudblood whenever someone flies me out of a window." It was Draco's turn to gape. Nick smiled smugly. He had pulled the "mudblood" card on Draco, and the result was marvelous. Nick snapped his fingers in front of Draco's apoplectic face and pointed to his Firebolt. "Get on before I jinx you. I've been learning a lot." Draco got on. Three hours later, Nick was spread-eagled on the floors of Malfoy Manor, thoroughly bored. Draco was nodding off on the floor, his eyelids drooping. Nick prodded his cousin. "Malfoy. Wake up." "Sleep." Draco slurred. Nick rolled his eyes and pointed his wand at his cousin. He searched his mind for a spell. He was sure he had read about reviving spells. " Rennervate. " Nick said loudly and clearly, just as the book instructed. Draco remained fast asleep. Nick growled in frustration. He couldn't understand why the wand refused to work for him. Maybe it was that he had stolen it...No, that would be stupid. Why wouldn't the wand for him? Draco suddenly sat up. "Lestrange? You're still here?" Nick raised an eyebrow. "I'm going." He needed a book about wands. Draco realized where he was. "I'm going back to bed." Draco said, standing up. "Whatever." Nick grabbed his broom. He needed to get to Diagon Alley. "Music shop and a bookshop…" Nick muttered under his breath. A muggle bumped into him, giving him an dirty look as she hurried away. Nick smiled and waved after her. It was probably the broomstick. He had used the Floo Network last time he went to Diagon Alley, but Bellatrix had described how to get to Diagon Alley(standard wizarding information). Also, he wanted to test out how fast his Firebolt could go. As soon as the muggle moved away, Nick saw the Leaky Cauldron. Triumphantly, he marched over to it. As soon as he came in, he had a feeling that this was a bad idea. The barman, Tom, gave him a suspicious look. "What are doing up so late, kid? You don't look older than ten." Nick decided not to mention that he was really nine. People tended to underestimate his age. Nick plastered a worried expression on his face. "I'm lost, sir." The barman softened. Nick took advantage of the moment and bolted away. He heard cries of, "Hey, wait! Kid!" Nick scoffed. The foolish barman, no doubt. He came face to face with a brick wall. Of course! The wall… Nick bit his lip, a habit of his when he got nervous, and tried to remember what is mother had told him… "Three up, two across…" he muttered. He drew his wand and tapped the brick three times, unsure. Did something happen if you tapped the wrong brick? To his relief, the bricks started slowly rearranging themselves. They opened to the grim, dark Diagon Alley, only lit by a few flickering lamp. Nick felt a grin creep on his face. Perfect. Nick went to the wandmaker first. It was a battered, old shop. Nick was surprised it was still standing. In peeling gold letters, it said, "Ollivanders: Makers of Fine Wands since 382 BC." His mother always told Nick to never enter these types of shops, claiming that they were full of "muggle filth and poor condition." Nick shoved Bellatrix's wand in his pocket and opened the door. Surprisingly, the wandmaker was still in his shop. Nick could only imagine what the wandmaker saw: a ten year old boy bursting in his shop, a broomstick in one hand. Especially when the boy waved, like it was nothing out of the ordinary. However, he concealed his surprise and glanced at Nick's wand and said, "Aren't you a little too young to be owning a wand?" Nick shrugged and said matter-of-factly, "I'm eleven." It was straight-out lying, but it was usually the best approach, in his case. The wandmaker was clearly skeptical, but obviously had no idea what to say. "Ah." was all the wandmaker could manage to say quietly. Nick looked at the wandmaker. "Ollivander? The wandmaker?" The wandmaker couldn't help but think that the young boy talked and looked like someone famous, but he couldn't put a name