"Ow!" "Will you hold still, you're worst zan Gabrielle whenever I try to wash 'er 'air," "I'm pretty sure your sister didn't have a large cut on her forearm," Harry said while trying not to scream. "Just hold still, I'm also done," Fleur wiped the blood off of Harry's open cut and wrapped it with gauze "See, not so bad now was eet," "I still can't believe you became a healer," "Oh, why is zat," Fleur placed the remaining gauze in the first aid kit and stood up. "I don't know, when I found out you were engaged to Bill I thought you would want a job more close to home," "My 'ome is Paris and my engagement wiz William, zat's not somezing I really like to talk about," "Oh, I'm sorry," Harry felt his heart sank when he saw Fleur's expression darken. "Non, you didn't do anyzing wrong, let's just say I was 'eartbroken when I met 'im at Gringotts and I guess I just fell for 'is looks," "Heartbroken?!" "I forgot I didn't tell you about zat," "Fleur, what's wrong, is there something I can do," Fleur chuckled at Harry's behavior. "Calm down Arry, I'm fine, eet's just when you 'ave strong feelings for someone and zey don't return eet, you tend to be a leetle sad," "Who was this person?" "A girl 'as to keep some secrets to 'erself," Fleur winked at Harry. Fleur placed the first aid kit down and sat down in the chair next to where Harry was seated. "Strange to zink zat it 'as already been three years since I left Beauxbatons," "I guess your last year there was a rather eventful one," "I suppose so," "I particularly like the people I met that year," "Oh, like who?" Fleur raised her brow "Oh there was this guy that worked at Hogsmeade and there was also-" Fleur gave Harry puppy eyes and pouty lips. Harry shook his head and chuckled. "Why do you always do that to me," "Because eet works," "Ah, I'm going to miss these chats of ours," "What do you mean you're going to miss zese chats?" "Well once you get married, I don't think you have the time to talk to an old friend and just wait till you have kids," "First, you can't get rid of me zat easily, second, I'm only 20, and zird, kids is way out of the question," "Why do you say that?" "I've seen what you and Gabrielle act like, I don't exactly want kids for a long time," "Hey, I'm not that bad," "Yes, you are," "Prove it," "5 minutes ago," "Touche," "You used a French word against me?" "Is there a problem with that," Fleur stood up and walked over to Harry. She placed her hands on the arm of the chair and leaned in close to Harry's right ear. "You keep up zis attitude, I'm going to 'ave to put you in your place," Fleur whispered seductively. "Fleur, don't do this," "Don't do what?" Fleur lightly bit Harry's ear "Fleur what about Bill," Fleur pulled away and started laughing "You really know 'ow to ruin a moment," "I don't think it was right," " Fleur, can you come down here," a distant voice called. "What does that woman want now," Fleur said annoyingly "Mrs. Weasley's not that bad," "Zat's not eet, my "fiance" is too much of a mama's boy, he just sat zere when his mozzer and his sister insulted me," "Insulted you for what?" "Just about everyzing, zey zink zat William is too good for me," Fleur walked to the door and was stopped when Harry called back. "Fleur, if you need someone to talk to, I'm always here and if I'm not, Hedwig is always fast," Fleur looked back and smiled "Zank you, you always know how to treat me," Fleur walked out the door, leaving Harry by himself. " Dammit, why was I such a coward back then, Fleur's an amazing girl and I didn't tell her, why must she fall for Bill and whoever that guy was. It's too late anyways, but what I wouldn't give to go back and tell her," Harry sat by himself for a while until Remus walked into the room. "What are you doing by yourself," "Just thinking Professor," "I'm not your professor, Harry," Remus sat down next to Harry "You still regret not telling Ms. Delacour how you feel," "How can you tell," "Sirius told me before he passed, he said if you look distant, you are regretting something," "How can someone not," "It's not too late you know," "She's engaged," "You have a better relationship with her than she does Bill. Hell when you cut yourself early when getting the knives, she was the first to notice and she pulled you up here and wrapped it up for you," "That doesn't necessarily mean anything," Remus sighed "Look, Harry, I'll tell you what I told your father when he had girl issues, you won't get anywhere if you just sit and mope. Age isn't a problem, she's might be three years older but she's also 7 years younger than Weasley," "It's not that easy Remus," "You never know. Now come on, lunch is ready, you don't want to miss it," Remus stood up and reached his hand out. Harry took it and stood up. "Remember, it's never too late," Harry walked down stairs with Remus and entered the kitchen. The two were met with an argument between Ginny and Fleur. "You've been engaged to my brother for 2 months and you are already cheating on him with Harry," "What are you talking about!" "I saw the way you looked at Harry and how you dragged him into a room by yourself," "You mean to fix 'is bleeding arm?!" "Sure that's what you were doing," "Bill, try to explain to your sister zat I wasn't trying to cheat on you," "Ginny, calm down, Harry got a large cut on his hand and Fleur is a healer after all," putting his hands on his sister's shoulder "You're only saying that because she got you under her allure," Bill stayed quiet. "So it's true then," "If eet were true, Bill would be drooling like a dog," "Really, then why are Fred and George drooling?" "Leave us out of this," the twins placed their hands up in defense "Look at Ron, he's dumbfounded, she probably enjoys all the attention, she's nothing but a lit-" "That's enough!," Mr. Weasley shouted angrily "Ginny I've had it with your behavior towards our guest. Fleur is a member of our family and you shall treat her like that," "But dad," "But nothing, sit down and stay quiet," Harry shot Remus a look and Remus gave a small grin. Harry sat down in an empty seat and watched as the Weasley clan argue among themselves. Fleur sat down next to him and handed him a steak with chips. "Thank you," "Not a problem," Fleur smiled at the boy. Lunch was a rather awkward moment as everyone didn't say anything and people just stuck to their meals. Once everyone was done, they all went back to their rooms. Harry went up to Sirius's old bedroom and looked around at the old items left from Sirius's youth. 12 Grimmauld Place was always a depressing place, but Harry always found Sirius's bedroom out of place, it was brighter in color and it had less dangerous-looking items. Harry picked up an old picture of Sirius and his family. His eyes started swelling up at the sight of a young smiling Sirius. Harry began to cry lightly and was aback when he felt arms wrap around his neck. "Zere's no need to cry Arry, Sirius is in a better place now, he's watching you from above," "I just miss him so much," "I know, we all do, he was a funny man, he was warmhearted, he believed in zee best even when zee odds looked down," Harry cried harder. Fleur gently took the picture and placed it down and hugged Harry tightly. Harry dug his face into Fleur and she held him tighter. "Shh, eet's alright, you still 'ave Remus, you still 'ave Ermione," Fleur said while stroking Harry's hair. "You still 'ave me," Fleur said quietly to the point that Harry couldn't hear her. Fleur has only seen Harry cried a few times, but she always supported him through it. That was something Harry enjoyed. "Fleur, I'm scared, Voldemort gets stronger and stronger each day and I don't know if I can defeat him," "You're not alone and if Voldemort kills you. Well he's going to have to deal with me afterward" "I know I wouldn't want to face you," "No, no you don't," Harry tried to pull away but Fleur's grip was as tight as a viper. Harry simply complied until she let go. Fleur looked Harry in the eyes. "If you need me, I'm always 'ere, I will always 'ave time for you," Fleur kissed Harry's forehead and walked out of the room. " She will always be there for me. I wouldn't have it any other way," Hogwarts started up in the next week and Harry dreaded returning back to the school. Harry hated the drama between Hermione and Ron's girlfriend. Harry focused on quidditch and was drawing suspicion on what Malfoy was doing. Fleur wrote him every day and Harry loved the daily letters. But his heart sank when she started talking about how her mother and Mrs. Weasley were making plans for the wedding. The thought of Fleur being married off to Bill made him sad but it's a fact that he was going to have to live with. Life during his sixth year picked up when he was told by Dumbledore to help him hunt down one of Voldemort's horacrux. Harry did not expect to come face to face with Dumbledore's murder by the hands of Snape. Harry looked at the old closet that he lived in for most of his life. He walked into the living room of the Dursley's house. Despite him being mistreated for most of his life, he never expected to feel somber seeing the room empty. Harry walked back in the hallway and was met by Aunt Petunia "Oh, hey, Aunt Petunia, I didn't see you there," "I have lived in this house for over 20 years, I raised my son in this house. And it was all changed when you showed up," Aunt Petunia said in a calm voice. Harry stayed quiet. "When you showed up on our doorsteps, I instantly saw my sister in your eyes, you were a fussy baby, but you were more behaved than Dudley. Now look at you all grown up and about to risk his life for everyone," Aunt Petunia walked up to Harry and moved his hair and revealed his scar. "You will do good, you have my sister's heart," Aunt Petunia kissed his forehead and walked out of the room. Harry stood there content. He stood alone in the living room for a while until he heard a knock on the door. Walking to the door, Harry didn't even make it half way until a blond witch busted through and hugged Harry tightly and cried lightly on his shoulder. Harry placed his hand on her back and returned the hug. He looked up and was met with the gaze of his old friends and allies. "Good to see you, Harry," Ron said with a wide grin on his face. Fleur let go and looked at Harry with tear filled eyes. He felt like he and her were the only two people in the world but his world was broken when he saw Bill walk in the room with everyone else. "Oh thank god you are alright Harry, Fleur didn't asking where were you and were you alright," Bill said with relief "I'm glad I'm alright too," Harry joked dryly "Can we stop with