Lost I wake up to seeing a bird perched in my window. The beautiful bird sings a wake up song to the others. I get up and dressed remembering that today is Saturday, the one day of the week Jason and I can really be alone, concealed in the woods. Of course he's only my friend, but at times I feel like he's more than that. Foolishness. I can't be thinking about that when I have such a busy life. My name is Maysilee Donner and I am 17 years old. Every day I go to school, come home, hit the woods, bring home some game (deer, squirrel, possum, or rabbit), and feed my family. My mother died 3 years ago, but my father just sits in his old rocking chair, staring into space, mourning her. I am sick of it though! He has left me alone and having to take care of myself and my sister and my little brother that just yesterday turned 3. Sophie helps as much as she can, but being only 15, she can't do much except babysit Eli and make a small salad out of little plants that grow in our backyard. I will never let her risk going into the woods. I have to go into the woods to hunt. I have a bow and 12 arrows that my father made me when I was 12. I am now almost 18 and use these wonderful weapons every day. During school my friend Jason's mother watches my brother Elijah while I'm at school with my sister Sophie, and when I go hunting after school Sophie watches him at home. Jason lost his father in an accident in the woods one day. Jason, both our fathers, and I were in the woods hunting. I took down my first deer that day. We were lugging it home to present it to our mothers when we heard a slight buzzing noise coming from the oak tree standing in front of us. When we heard it, we stopped a second. Then Jason's father slowly moved an inch forward to take a look at the nest. But just that simple movement sent the Stingers into chaos, and they came out of that paper shell like it was nothing. Each sting from a Stinger could most certainly either kill you or if you were lucky just paralyze the place the sting went in. These wasp-like bees are called Stingers. They can give out three stings before they die of lack of venom; venom is what keeps them going. That day they all swarmed out of the hive so quickly I didn't even have time to blink before I felt Jason's strong arm pulling me backward into the woods. We crashed through forsythia bushes and raspberry bushes, and then we literally ran into the pond. Water is the only thing that kills Stingers. If they touch you while you're wet, they're dead in seconds. The whole time we ran through the woods with my father pressing at us to keep moving, Jason kept yelling, "Hurry Dad! Please!" Yet he never got a reply from his dad. I was shocked by how quickly the day changed from my being prideful of my first deer, to Jason and me running for our lives from deadly Stingers. I jumped into the cool water, and I surfaced and blew water out of my mouth. I saw Jason come up shortly after me, just in time to see my father barrel through the trees and into the pond. I pulled my father's arm and yanked him out of the water. I asked him, crying and worried, if he was stung. When I was answered with a no, I flung myself into his arms and thanked the maker we were safe. Then I realized Jason's father wasn't there. I got out of the pond and looked over my bow and arrows. They were fine. Then I heard my father say, "We need to go back and see if Jason's father's all right. He might have gone to the river, but we need to make sure." Jason and I obediently and slowly followed my father through the woods. We got near the place with the broken nest on the ground. The Stingers were all gone. Not even one left. We went to the river. Nothing. We checked along the path for any sign of Jason's father, nothing. Then, on the way to the small creek that could be the only other place he would have gone, we saw him, lying on the ground 3 feet away from the water. Stingers buzzed around his body. He was gone. Jason started crying as he turned and walked away from the scene. I followed behind him as he leaned against a tree, then slid down into a sitting position. He pushed my hand away when I tried to comfort him. I started drying out but hardly cared or noticed at that point. Then there was a small movement in my shirt. I felt a sharp pinch in my shoulder. I was on the ground before Jason could catch me. I was out like a light. I only remember the dreadful look on Jason's face when he saw me fall to the ground. I woke confused. What happened? Then I slowly remembered... I felt all right enough to open my eyes, but saw almost nothing until they focused on Jason. He was sitting on a chair next to me, and I was wrapped in a blanket in bed. He was almost ecstatic when I awake. I found out that I had been asleep for almost 3 days. I surprisingly only had gotten one sting, and the Stinger was probably weakened by the water. Jason leaned in to me and gave me a gentle kiss on the forehead. I looked into his eyes, his dark hazel eyes. I realized he'd been awake for the entire time when I saw the bags under his eyes. After that, he left my room and went home. I didn't see him until noon the next day when I insisted that I was well enough to go hunting for a while. He was sitting on an old oak branch that fell during a storm a few years before. All that day we hunted through the woods, searching for game. I never brought up that day again. Neither did he. I have known he loves me for every second since that day. But I never will speak of that day because it brings back too much pain, especially for Jason. Ever since then we have been feeding our families. My father and I did it for a while until my mother died of a Stinger that got stuck in my father's hunting jacket and didn't get out until my mother started washing it. She shook it and then in a second it was on her, stinging her cheek. She only had seconds to live. Three seconds after she fell to the ground, she was gone. Now it's up to me and Jason to feed our families. Jason has two brothers and one sister. His younger brothers are twins and are only three. His younger sister is two and is so sweet that I melt like an icicle when I'm around her. Jason and I took off for the woods early this morning, bringing a big game bag instead of my small one. Today is Saturday. We spend the entire day working our way deep into the woods. When we reach a small pond that must be spring fed, we stop to clean our game. I got three turkeys and two big geese. Jason got four turkeys and four geese. I finish cleaning my game first, so I wade up to my knees in the pond and splash my face clean. Jason comes and fills our canteens, and we sit there until early afternoon. I tell Jason we should head back, and he doesn't object. We went further than usual today. We both go different ways. Then I say, "Jason, home's this way." And he says, pointing in a different direction, "Uh, I thought we came from this way." "Let's just go this way," I say. He comes and we go for about an hour before we realize we're completely lost. "Oh no," I say as we enter a giant meadow that definitely isn't on the way home. I look to Jason, and he says something I didn't expect. "Guess this is where we're staying tonight." Then he points to the setting sun. I find a nice oak tree to sleep in, but Jason tells me he's too big, and he could never fall asleep all the way up there. Then he says, "Maysilee, why don't you go curl up in your tree while I sleep on the ground?" But this is obviously not going to end well. I think about all the predators that'll be looking for a meal. Then I burst out, before really thinking about it, "Look Jason, I understand it won't be comfortable, but you'll either do it, or I'll pull you up there in the middle of the night!" The look on his face says he's amused, but he does as I say and climbs up the tree. "Don't think many Stingers could find us up here," I laugh, but soon see he is pointing up, far up in the tree. There is a lump on the side of the tree. I take a look and try to figure out what it is. It's a Stinger nest. I see the terrified look in Jason's eyes and know that my worst fear has been confirmed. "Climb..." I hear Jason say in a quiet voice. "down..." he says. "Duh, down," I say quietly. Then I swing my leg down and begin going down the large tree. I hear Jason following me. I see Jason still climbing down just as I get to the ground. He is almost down when he puts his leg on a broken branch, and it snaps. The Stingers buzz and fly and attempt to sting the tree, until they find us. I start running from the tree and right into a stream that's beside the meadow. I didn't even know it was here until I ran into it. I cover myself with the water and await Jason running in after me. Seconds later he bursts through the tall grass from the meadow and into the water. A stinger is buzzing above the water, waiting for him to come back up. I kick it with my boot and it falls into the water. "What are you trying to do? Kick me in the head?" Jason says coming out of the water. "No!" I say. "Do you honestly think I would try to kick you like that?" He laughs. "Well..." he says sarcastically. Then we both laugh. "Trust me, if I had been trying to kick you, you would've gotten kicked," I reply. After a while, we decide it's probably safe to leave the pond. "We should head back to that pond we cleaned the meat at, then we can go in the direction that I suggested," Jason says. I suppress a smile. "Sure, I should've listened to you anyway," I say. "I'm terrible at judging direction." "Not really," Jason says, then grabs my arm and pulls me around so that I'm inches from his eyes. "Which way is the pond now?" he says jokingly. "You tell me," I say. He laughs softly and lets me go. We reach the pond and head in the direction Jason suggested earlier that day and continue on for a long time. We come across a large oak tree, and I scale it to look around for anything that would signify that we're close to home. Nothing. Then I see something in a tree a few hundred yards away from where I am perched now. It can't be. I