I want to tell you how I met my beautiful wife, the one that's sleeping right next to me in bed. She's snoring a little bit, but I don't tell her that. I don't mind her little snores anyway, they remind me she's here, sleeping, safe. It reminds me the war is over and we both lived, a little bit worse for wear, a little bruised and definitely marked, but alive, hearts beating, lungs breathing. Here. Present. Whenever some darkness seeps into my dreams, I hear her snores and I'm able to calm down. The past week I've been stuck in a loop of remembering our shared lives. I haven't been able to stop thinking about it so I'm writing it all down to try to get it out of my system. This is the story of how I met my wife. I didn't meet Hermione on the train. I'd fallen asleep over a book. Apparently she did pass my carriage, but she hadn't wanted to wake me. When she got sorted, I saw her, but we didn't speak so that doesn't count. I applauded her when she was sorted into Gryffindor but I clapped for all the students. Hufflepuff was where I ended up. The Sorting Hat didn't whisper anything in my ear about soulmates or adventures that were waiting in my future. No, our first meeting was in the library. A big part of this story plays of there. From the start I noticed she was a diligent studier, just like me. When we first spoke, I approached her. She looked very busy so I waited in front of her until I saw she finished writing. "Hi, sorry to bother you, but do you mind if I borrow that book for a minute? I'd like to check if I wrote down the correct page in my sources." Hermione looked like a deer in headlights. She hadn't even noticed me standing in front of her table for a good five minutes. When she didn't respond, I proposed to stay at her table, so she could keep the book. "Yes, yes! Of course. Go ahead." She was blushing. Hermione had and still has the cutest blush. I pulled out a chair and sat down. I'm not sure but I think my essay was for Transfiguration, something about the proportions of different metals. Fascinating stuff, really. When I checked the pages, I had them correct by the way, I looked at all the books she had surrounding her. Namely all the books for the Herbology paper I wanted to write were on her table. So I proposed something that would propel and cement our friendship. I asked to be study partners. For a moment she looked suspicious, accounting to her youth where others had taken advantage of her kindness. "I'm not asking you to do the work for me, I promise. I would never do that", I said. "But we could study together and bounce ideas off of each other, or check each other's work. I see you in the library all the time and you know, I thought it might be nice." I was only eleven, I was a nerdy child, a partnership seemed like an amazing friendship. Don't get me wrong, I was never particularly bullied and got along with most people just fine, but it never went any deeper than that. "You won't ask me to do your work?" To this day it still breaks my heart the way she asked me that. It was so vulnerable. I promised and something in my gaze must have reassured her because she held out her ink stained hand and said: "My name's Hermione, I'd love to have a study partner." "My name is Sofia, pleased to officially meet you." Her parents showed me the letter she wrote them after we met. She sounded so happy. They told me they'd never been so relieved. I framed that letter and I put it on my desk in my office. It lifts my spirits every time I look at it. The first two weeks of our partnership, she was hesitant, sometimes still believing I would get what I wanted and leave. Every time I saw that glint in her eye or the sag of her shoulder I would set her straight. We were friends, easy as pie. After that she understood I wasn't going anywhere. Hermione started to open up and I got to know her better. She also showed me her wicked sense of humor. Then the troll incident happened. I had no idea she was involved until the next day around breakfast time when I heard other students of her house gossip about it. I approached them and demanded to know what had happened. It must have been quite a sight, a little firstie stomping her feet and demanding something from fifth year Gryffindors. I don't think I ever ran so fast. They told me she was still at the Hospital Wing. She was the only one there, Potter and Weasley had been sent out. Hermione was still sleeping when I arrived so I sat down beside her until she woke up. Madam Pomphrey told me Hermione had to stay the day because of her broken rib. She told me the entire story, even the part where Weasley had said mean things about her and something about not having friends. I had to point out that he'd been wrong. She did have friends, she had me. She had realized that too, but when she wiped away her tears that night, the troll had come in. I didn't understand why she'd lied to Professor McGonagall, still don't actually. At the time I desperately wanted to give Weasley a tongue lashing for talking about her that way but Hermione asked me not to. That time I listened to her, but a few years later I did get my chance. It still makes me feel warm inside. We settled back into our rhythm after that. Weasley and Potter even joined us one night in the library. When Hermione and I started a discussion about Magical Theory we had seen in Professor Flitwick's class they gawped. I think they underestimated just how much we studied. A fourth year Hufflepuff who was sitting a few tables away briefly joined our discussion, even involving a Slytherin and a Ravenclaw. That was a beautiful moment of InterHouse Unity. Weasley and Potter didn't contribute to the conversation, but they kept quiet, which was good enough. I know now they are good men, but that doesn't mean I've forgotten how much shit they gave my wife during our school years or how much danger they put her in. So I tend to be critical of their behavior. I'd rather not go into detail about their stunt at the end of First Year, just that I bursted out in angry tears at her bedside, yelling that next time she pulled something like that to at least tell me. I won't say how long I ended up crying or that Madam Pomphrey gave me a Calming Draught because I ended up hyperventilating. Hermione, clever cookie, ended up the first in our year. I ended up third. Surprisingly Draco Malfoy was second. I wrote him a note to congratulate him. If I had known he'd been bullying Hermione, I wouldn't have done it. He did write me back to thank me. Looking back on it now, those little letters were probably why he never bullied me or Hermione when she was with me. During the summer, Hermione and I visited each other every other week. It was a simple train ride of about an hour. Her parents would pick me up from the station and my aunt and I would pick Hermione up. My mom was bedridden that summer. She had severe bouts of depression that would keep her in bed for weeks at a time. It started when my father died, I was seven at the time. He was a muggle police officer. My mom was a witch. My aunt moved in a month after he passed. Auntie had popped in for a visit and she'd seen me getting a microwave dinner from the freezer. At the time my mom hadn't left the bed since the funeral. I'd been eating those dinners for a month. I cried when Auntie cooked a real meal for me. I told Hermione that story when she came over and she cried for me. At that moment I knew I would fight the world for her. Second year is still a sore topic. My heart still clenches painfully when I think about her, petrified in that white hospital bed again. I visited her three evenings a week, reading our textbooks to her. Madam Pomphrey said she could hear everything so I figured she'd be grateful to keep up with learning. That year I got to know Luna and Ginny. One evening I was walking out of the Hospital Wing when I saw Luna barefoot. I transfigured my gloves to socks so she had something to keep her feet warm. Then I brought her to the kitchens for hot chocolate to warm up. She talked about Nargles stealing her stuff. I asked her if she wanted to join the study group. And she did. Sometimes she didn't really make a lot of sense, but Luna took to Magical Theory like a fish to water, looking straight at the essence instead of the frivolous mess surrounding it. I think those months with Luna, I must have talked her ear off about Hermione. I'm forever grateful to her because I'm not sure if I could've handled that stressful time without her. Luna introduced me to Ginny and we shared worried looks when she kept getting paler. Sometimes she'd fall asleep during study time and then Luna and I would just work quietly, not wanting to wake her up. I was outside, taking a walk around the lake, quietly saying goodbye to Hogwarts, when I heard my Hermione shout my name. At first I thought I was dreaming, but then she ran towards me and I started running towards her and we ended up in a tangled mess on the soft grass. Giggles and laughter in the air. "You're awake! Hermione! I missed you so much!" I shouted. She straightened us out until we lay on our sides, facing each other. "I heard you visit every time. You have no idea how hard it was not to be able to talk to you. But," she paused, "thank you for reading to me." Hermione took my hand. That was the first time she did that. We lay like that until it was time for the feast. I still remember it as a glorious day. That summer my mother declined a lot, she became unresponsive and my aunt wanted me to visit Hermione as much as I could, not wanting me to see my mom like that too much. I joined Hermione and her parents on their holiday to France. We shared a room and I helped her catch up on the stuff she missed when she was petrified. At night though, our demons came to face us. The anxiety and sadness was overwhelming for me and Hermione held me. More often than not we'd wake up intertwined. We didn't think anything of it at the time. We just found it natural. Hermione's nightmares about the yellow stare of the basilisk kept us up. Then I held her and made up stories about everything and nothing. We helped each other a lot that summer. Third year we continued our study group, joined by Luna and Ginny and eventually Neville. Hermione felt bad for him but he ended up becoming a true friend. His gentle nature fit ours a lot. Then at one point Daphne Greengrass and Susan Bones joined us too. Daphne and I met in Ancient Runes. We had a group project