Author's Note: Okay everyone, here's my new story. I figured showing you all the first chapter or two would get people interested, and if you want to vote for who Bella should be paired with, that would be awesome. Thanks! Chapter 1 Bella Black had always been a troublemaker on the reservation. To make matters worse, she had a type of charisma that just drew everyone in. Kids at the reservation school even likened her ability to charm to that of a cult leader, although in the best possible way. There was just something about Bella that people just had to love. With only a smile, she could get herself out of almost any kind of trouble. Which was why, when it was clear that Bella would be the first on the reservation to shift into a wolf and therefore become Alpha at only eighteen years of age, the elders didn't know what to do. It was one of the best things that could happen, as Bella clearly had the makings of a leader and would be able to take control of any and all wolves. Yet it was also considered a nightmare, as this was Bella they were talking about. One of the biggest, most uncontrollable kids that anyone could remember, and a girl who already followed her instincts to the point that she was often chased out of certain girls' bedrooms by a shotgun wielding father or boyfriend. What would a girl whose instincts grew so much stronger become? A girl who, the elders believed, shouldn't even be able to shift in the first place? Bella, of course, had no idea what was going on at the time that her . She had no idea about the meetings the elders held behind her back, or that her entire life and possible future was discussed behind closed doors. All she knew was that she was starting to feel sluggish, and she felt like she was on fire all the time to the point she would have stayed home and slept all day. To her surprise, Charlie, who usually would have called bullshit and kicked her ass right to her first class, was actually letting her sleep in. However, sleeping in didn't mean she was letting any opportunities sneak by. Girls loved a usually tough badass acting all weak and vulnerable. "Hey, where are you going?" Bella asked, grabbing Rachel Black by the wrist before she could leave as she gave the older girl her best sultry eyes. "Are you really going to leave me all alone? What happened to taking care of my body?" Okay, anybody who didn't know would have thought two people who had the same last name should not be having any kind of sexual relations. However, while they shared the same last name, they were very, very distantly related. At least fourth cousins, distant. To top it all off, Bella was adopted. Which meant that Rachel Black was more than fair game. "Bella," Rachel said with a roll of her eyes, knowing just what Bella's game was. Not that she wouldn't go along with it, as she had let herself be swayed by the gorgeous brunette several times, just over the last two weeks. "Please? I need you," Bella said, tugging lightly as she stared up into Rachel's face. "You would say that to any girl," Rachel replied, but let herself be pulled down so that she was nearly on top of the slightly younger girl. She just couldn't help it; she was drawn to Bella, and she would do quite a bit to make her happy. Rachel had felt that way since they were little kids, only when Bella had reached sixteen, it had taken a sexual turn. Rachel hadn't been the only one who felt that way; a lot of girls and boys had. And Bella had taken advantage of that to pursue all the girls she wanted. And she still did, of course. Yes, Rachel was only one of several girls who "played" with Bella, and she knew it. But that was fine with her, as long as Bella never lost interest in her. "There we go, Rach," Bella murmured as Rachel cuddled up next to her, resting her head on Bella's bicep. Bella nuzzled Rachel's neck, breathing in the nice scent. Of course, Rachel's scent wasn't calming or comforting. To Bella, it just made her really, really horny. Her hand strayed to slip under Rachel's shirt; the destination, one of Rachel's breasts. Only, it was caught by none other than Rachel herself. "You're sick. You need to rest," Rachel told Bella, who gave a sexy, almost sultry pout in response. It was enough to sway Rachel, and both Rachel and Bella knew it. "I heard sweating is one of the best ways of getting whatever is making me sick out of my system," Bella said persuasively with a smirk, shifting as if she was about to roll on top of Rachel and start to have some fun. God, was Bella hot, and Rachel wasn't just talking about her feverish temperature. Rachel's lips parted, probably ready to whisper her surrender. Sadly, at that moment, the door flew open, revealing a very disgusted teenage boy. "Ew! Couldn't you put up a sign or something?" Jacob Black complained, quickly covering his eyes. "I did not want to walk in on my sister getting ready to get it on, especially with Bella of all people." "Then maybe you should knock first?" Bella suggested dryly as Rachel struggled to cover herself, realizing that Bella had taken off her shirt and pants sometime during their little moment. How had she even done that? "Damn it, Jake, why did you even come here?" Rachel spat, glaring at her little brother with clear anger. He had interrupted the moment after all, not to mention embarrassed the hell out of her. "Dad told me to check up on Bella and see how she's doing," Jacob answered, still keeping his eyes covered lest he catch sight of any more nastiness. "And since Bella is a close friend of mine, I of course agreed. Although, I'd never have guessed that my sister of all people would be so much closer to her than I am." "Don't tell Dad," Rachel said, almost desperately, clearly without thought. She just didn't know how Billy would react to the news, and she wasn't going to handle a forced separation from Bella well. "Oh?" Jacob asked with an evil grin as he dropped the hand covering his eyes, sensing his sister's weakness. "And why shouldn't I?" As he asked, he glanced at Bella, who seemed to be lazily unconcerned. He focused on her as he said, "So I take it you are feeling better. Seeing as you were putting the moves on my sister and all." "Actually, no. I feel like crap," Bella replied, and she wasn't lying. Her entire body felt heavy and she was seriously feverish. It felt like a monster truck had taken its sweet time running over her again and again. And again. "She's really hot, Jake," Rachel added once she had finished putting her clothes back on under the blanket. She was clearly worried, especially once she felt Bella's forehead. It felt like Bella's temperature had shot up ten degrees just in the last five seconds alone. "I figured you'd see her that way, since you apparently started sleeping with her," Jake replied wryly, only to let out a yelp of pain when Rachel reached out to smack him, before pulling him over to where they were. "I'm serious," Rachel said with a glare, forcing Jacob to put his hand on Bella's forehead. "She's way too hot." "Holy shit," Jacob muttered, jerking his hand back automatically. Bella actually felt so hot he had expected his hand to have been burned. "We need to get you to a hospital." The one all the way out in Seattle of course, as the tribe elders made it clear that no one was going to use the one in Forks because of some stupid superstition. "Hell no," Bella grumbled. "You know how much I hate hospitals." "Then at least let us take you to the tribe doctor," Rachel said, already starting to try and lift Bella up. Unsuccessfully of course. "But I hate them too," Bella complained. She'd much rather stay in bed all day and be tended to by a hot girl. "Oh, stop being such a big baby," Rachel groused. "Not this time," Bella shot back, sinking further into the bed. She really, really hated going to the doctor. The smells, the needles, just so much was wrong with those kind of places. Bella would rather die anywhere else. "You know, for such a badass, you can be such a wimp sometimes," Jake muttered, which made Bella stick her tongue out at him in response. He was too worried to respond, however. Instead, he was focused on trying to figure out if he should call his dad or Bella's and get them to make her go to the doctor. But did he really want to risk Bella's wrath to save her life? Yes, but only if it was really that bad. If it wasn't, he'd get his ass handed to him for months to come. "I'll be fine, okay? I probably just need to sleep." As Bella said this, she reached out to hook an arm around Rachel's waist, trying to pull her back into bed so she could have someone to cuddle with. However, Rachel slapped her hands away and stood up. "Fine, you sleep," Rachel said. "But you're going to see a doctor." "Fat chance," Bella mumbled, crossing her arms over her chest as she stared hard into Rachel. Rachel wisely ignored her, not even daring to look Bella's way. Instead, she grabbed her little brother by the arm and started pulling him out of the room. "Let's go, Jake. We need to call Charlie." Jake looked back one last time, just to be sure Bella wouldn't be pissed at him for following his sister's lead, but found her already asleep. Now seriously worried about Bella, he quickly followed Rachel out, thinking he needed to call Billy as well. Both calls were made, but Bella slept uninterrupted. Not one person, even her own father, entered the house, let alone checked on Bella to see how she was doing. Not that Bella noticed, or cared, as she was sleeping like the dead. Of course, had she cared, she would have texted someone; Rachel, Jacob, Embry, Jared, her father...hell, maybe even Quil Jr. Then she would have gotten really suspicious really fast when she learned that each and every one of them had been ordered to stay away from her until she got better. Which was a little understandable, as Bella might be contagious. But had Bella dug deeper, she would have found it strange that no one would answer why she was all but put into quarantine without anyone even mentioning the word 'hospital' to her. And if she had called any of the elders, she would have found that they sounded completely unconcerned with her sickness. If anything, they would have sounded excited, or proud. Had Bella done any of this, she would have been so suspicious that she would have jumped out of bed and stormed over to one of the elders' houses and demanded answers. Or, at the very least, she would have attempted to be all sneaky and shit by spying on them. However, Bella had been sleeping so soundly, and had been so groggy even when awake, that she didn't think to do anything like that. Instead, she drifted in and out of consciousness, having strange dreams filled with red eyes and howling wolves. Wolves she told to shut up quite a bit, since she just wanted to sleep soundly. She woke up in the middle of the night with a start, disoriented and burning up. The covers