Author's Note: I just realized I had mentioned I had gone on a Kate/Bella binge a few updates ago, but that I never posted anything. Here's one of the works I had written while on said binge. Hope you guys like it! It was Monday night, nine o'clock, and time to open. And Bella Swan was not pleased. "Hey Bella, thanks again for doing this. You have no idea how much you're saving my ass," Mac said, grinning as he reached over to ruffle Bella's hair. Letting out a low snarl, Bella slapped his hand away. "Whatever Mac, just get out of here already. And there's no way in hell I'm doing this out of the goodness of my heart, got me?" "Yeah, yeah, I know. And don't worry your fuzzy little butt, Bells. I'll give you a raise for this...just as soon as I have the money to," Mac promised, unconcerned with Bella's bad attitude. After all, he had lived with the big grump since she was ten; he had all but raised the kid, although at twenty two, she wasn't really a kid anymore. "We both know that's never going to happen," Bella grumbled in complaint. She knew the bar she was now working at inside out, had all but lived in Mac's little flat on the top floor. She also knew that the bar was steadily losing money. They were kept afloat only by their small pool of regulars and the fact that Bella and Mac were the only workers there. That's right; Bella and Mac were not only bartenders, they were also the waiters, the bouncers, and the ones who had to clean up and close every night. They also both slept upstairs, and took care of the bar solo, switching work every other night. Which was why Bella was so pissed; Mac apparently had a business meeting, one that was surely going to get their bar up and running again, and Bella was now taking over the bar on a monday night, which was the most boring night of the week. Something about making this a supernatural only bar, a place where any supernatural could be themselves, blah blah blah. In Bella's opinion, that was an impossible task because of vampires alone, but who was she to tell Mac that his attempt was only going to fail? Actually, she was definitely something, as she had told Mac this again and again. However, the man refused to listen, even running out of the room while covering his ears, singing old songs from the seventies to "block out the stupid fox's negativity." It wasn't long before his annoying voice overwhelmed Bella, and she had given up trying to tell him how stupid he was. Then again, maybe it was stupid of Bella to try and convince the damn old werewolf that he was wrong, knowing from experience how stubborn he was. She still remembered how many nights he had kept her awake trying to fix her favorite toy when she was younger, even though Bella's own magic couldn't do it. "Oh, stop being just a foxy loxy," Mac said. "Just you wait Bells, we're going to make this bar popular again!" Bella didn't even try to figure out what 'foxy loxy' meant, since she knew Mac just liked things that rhymed. However, she didn't have a comeback either, and didn't really want to throw one at the man. She knew how much the bar meant to him, as it was the last reminder of what he and his wife had together before the vampires had killed her. Everything else had been burned, and Mac had told her that he was so heartbroken that he had almost followed his mate into death. However––and his eyes would always light up when he told her this part––then a dirty little fox kit came along, and Mac had found a reason to live again. Since werewolves giving birth was so rare, Mac had never had any kids, and Bella was basically the last thing he and his wife had wanted. And, while she would never admit it, Mac was what Bella also so badly craved. Bella, who had such horrible parents, who had never known what it meant to be loved and cared for, who had only known abuse...Mac was the one thing that saved her not just from her parents, but from herself. "Just go already Mac, or you'll miss your 'meeting,'" Bella said, putting air quotes around the last word. "Fine. Just don't break anything or anyone while I'm gone," Mac said, laughing heartily as he left. The door slammed shut behind him, the walls shaking with the force. "Damn wolf doesn't know his own strength," Bella grumbled as she looked around the bar, making sure nothing had been cracked...again. The place was completely empty, and Bella knew it would stay that way for some time. She'd be lucky if she got more than a single customer. "So boring," Bella groaned less than five minutes in, resting her head in her hands as she leaned her elbows on the bar. "I totally hate him for this." She straightened after a moment, looking around the empty room, trying to imagine this place filled with people. Even in her earliest memories with Mac, the bar room had only been half full, and everything Bella and Mac had done to attract people hadn't changed that. Even at their busiest now, there had never been more than ten people in the room at a time. Bella shook her head, trying to clear away all of her darkest thoughts, and started doing things to try and keep herself occupied. She straightened all the chairs and tables, dusted everything, wiped everything down, polished the glasses, poured herself a drink, poured herself another drink, washed the glasses she had used...it was boring, unnecessary work, as she had done it all the night before and no one had come in since. But at least it kept her busy. Time passed. First an hour, another, then another...before she knew it, it was one in the morning, and she was exhausted and a little tipsy from all of her drinking and boring work. And, of course, not a single customer had come. "Just three more hours. Three more hours and I'm done," Bella muttered as she gulped down another drink. "Three hours...then I can go upstairs and die for the rest of the day." And then Mac better take the next day's shift, or Bella was going to kill someone. Of course, Bella could always just close now and go to bed early, but she wouldn't do that to the man who saved her. If there was a chance of even one customer coming in, of even one cent being spent or one glass being used for someone other than Bella herself, Bella would do whatever it took. She wanted to see the old man get excited again, to see how his eyes would light up when he found out a customer had actually come into his bar. Damn it. Bella was a sap. It was past three, and Bella had all but fallen asleep where she stood, when the door opened. The jingling of a bell woke Bella out of her stupor, and she turned to see a blonde saunter into the room. "Wow, talk about a slow night. Or should I say morning?" the woman asked as she looked around the place, a small smirk on her pink lips. Bella straightened, surprised beyond belief at getting a customer, and a new one at that. The woman was tall, taller than Bella, and had straight pale blonde hair that fell to her waist. She also had golden eyes and a gorgeous face. Not to mention a body––currently covered, although not very well, in a tight black dress––that even Bella would kill to have. The woman, however, also had naturally pale skin, and Bella knew she was a vampire. Alarm bells went off in Bella's head, and she tensed as she prepared to face the possible threat. She opened her mouth, about to say that they didn't serve vampires here, but then remembered Mac's words about the bar being a place for everyone. He had also told her that he had forgiven vampires a few years back, and Bella couldn't deny him. The blonde's eyes glinted in amusement as she watched Bella tense then relax straight away. "Relax, I'm a vegetarian," the blonde said as she sat on the barstool in front of Bella so she could openly admire the brunette. "Although I do have a special love for pussy." Bella felt herself relax even further, her lips quirking up in a small, half smile. For some reason, she could tell that the blonde wasn't a threat. "Too bad for you then, as the only animal we currently have is a fox." "Hm...I've never tried fox before," the blonde said, licking her bottom lip. "Maybe I could take some to go?" As she spoke, she leaned forward, revealing her cleavage to Bella's eyes. Bella felt a surge of arousal, and watched the vampire's eyes darken, nostrils flaring, as she scented it. Not that Bella could care, as she scented the blonde's own arousal. That's right; vampires weren't allowed to kill other supernaturals anymore. Things had changed. And damn, was this vampire sexy. How long had it been since Bella had last gotten laid? "Sorry, we don't cater to go," Bella said, unconsciously leaning toward the blonde. "Anything you want will have to be eaten right here." "Well, I certainly wouldn't mind. I've always been one for instant gratification," the blonde purred, her eyes getting a hungry light. "Trust me, anything I give you would take a long time to enjoy," Bella replied. "Oh? So you're not very good then?" the blonde teased, pulling back. Bella let out a low growl, her hand shooting out across the bar to grab the blonde's wrist and pull her closer before Bella could even think. "Wrong. You simply wouldn't be able to handle it all at once...and even then, you won't be able to get enough. You would keep on wanting more and more and more." "Sounds tasty. And I take it we're still talking about how I'll get to taste a fox, correct?" the blonde said, a challenging fire to her eyes as she brought the wrist that still had Bella's hand wrapped around it to her lips. She opened her mouth, revealing twin fangs––white, sharp, and perfect. "If you're good," Bella replied hoarsely, wondering how it would feel to have those fangs in her flesh. She knew it could bring about a lot of pleasure, especially during sex, and she had no fear of the vampire bleeding her dry. It was impossible for her, as her magic wouldn't allow Bella to die from bloodloss. "Oh, cutie, I'm much more than good, " the blonde replied, kissing Bella's wrist. Bella let out a deep breath as she glanced at the clock, just another half hour until closing. "Well, since I know we're talking about the same thing, you're going to have to wait another half hour. Once we're closed…" "And what's wrong with now?" the blonde asked, tilting her head to the side as she gazed up at Bella through half lidded eyes. "We need money. If there's even a miniscule chance that someone can come in to order something, I'm staying open," Bella replied, surprised at her own honesty. Sure, she was horny as hell, but since when did she tell strangers anything? "Well," the blonde said, pulling out her wallet. "What if I pay you to close early? Say...this much?" And then the blonde pulled out two one hundred dollar bills. Bella narrowed her eyes, lips lifting in a snarl as she pulled her hand away. Yeah, she needed money, but it almost felt as if she would be selling herself. How little did this blonde think of her? "C'mon,