It is not only the living who are killed in war. – Isaac Asimov Connecticut 1873 "Here's your room," the woman said. "I hope it's to your liking." I surveyed the tiny bedroom. Directly ahead of me was a window that faced the street. To the left sat a narrow bed flush against the wall. It was covered with a colorful quilt that had a pattern of doubled, interlocking rings. A wooden trunk sat at its foot. On the opposite wall was a straight-backed chair. A row of hooks hung over the chair and down the length of the pale green walls. "It's lovely, thank-you." I smiled at Delly Mellark, who looked to be my age, but was already mistress of this fine house, married to the owner of the town's bakery and mother to two children. For a moment I was filled with envy at the life of this pretty woman with her heart-shaped face and golden hair and cheerful bearing. So different from me, a dark-haired, gray-eyed, crabby old maid. Would I ever lead such a happy life? "I'll let you get settled then. We'll eat in an hour." She closed the door, leaving me alone to unpack and shake off my jealous thoughts. It was a splendid room. Far nicer than any of the others I'd been assigned while teaching school. And over the past twelve years there had been many rooms in many towns across Connecticut. I'd moved so often because of the practice of keeping an instructor for only a single year. My life as a teacher began when I was 16. I was glad to earn money to help my widowed mother and younger sister Prim. But they were long past needing my help now, as both had husbands to provide for them. Whereas at twenty-eight, I was still single. It was a life I'd never expected. But the war had already been underway for a year when I began teaching children to read and write and do sums. So many men had died on both sides; I guess there was no one left for me; although that excuse didn't explain my mother's and sister's good fortune. As I slowly unpacked my bag, my thoughts centered on the Mellark family in whose home I'd be living for the coming school year. Phyl Mellark was president of the school board. He and his wife Delly had two children, a seven-year-old son and a four-year-old daughter. Delly had also mentioned that her husband's brother Peeta was part of the household, along with a housekeeper named Sae. Judging from the size of this magnificent house, which was three stories tall, I imagined Phyl Mellark's bakery must be very successful. A knock on the door interrupted my thoughts. "Katniss, dinner is ready." I sprang off the bed, where I'd laid down to rest after I put my things away. I glanced at myself in the mirror that hung near to the door, patting my hair to be sure my braid wasn't falling down, and then opened it. Delly Mellark was waiting for me. As we reached the bottom of the stairs, Delly called out to the two men that sat in the parlor to the left. They both stood. I recognized Phyl Mellark from my interview. He was tall and lean, giving off a distinguished air with a few strands of gray at the temples of his ash-colored hair. Beside him was a second, younger man. Shorter than Phyl with a stocky build, he had the most startling dark-blue eyes, the same color as the uniform the Union soldiers had worn. His eyes, with their long, thick lashes, contrasted nicely against his fair hair. I would have called him handsome if he hadn't been scowling. "You know Phyl already," Delly said. "I'd like to introduce you to his brother Peeta." "Hello," I said, giving Peeta a shy smile. His attractive appearance flustered me as I considered that we would be living in the same household for the next eight months. But instead of returning my smile, Peeta's scowl only deepened. He glanced at me for only a moment before his eyes flitted away, immediately putting to rest any daydreams I'd been on the verge of concocting. Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed Delly throw her husband a frustrated look. "Why don't we all go to the dining room," she suggested. I followed her in, noting Peeta's decided limp as we positioned ourselves around the table. His foot made a thumping noise on the wood floors as he walked. It made me wonder if his black mood was the result of pain from an injury. Perhaps he'd injured his foot. The table was set for four. Phyl sat at the head and Delly at the foot. I sat on Phyl's left. Peeta sat across from me. An older, heavy-set woman carried the meal in on platters. "Thank you, Sae," Delly said. My eyes grew big at the abundance of food Sae set onto the table. Roasted chicken, browned potatoes, carrots simmered in a sugary glaze. Biscuits and soft yellow butter. Far more food and definitely more variety than I was used to, but maybe the Mellarks ate better on Sunday evenings. "How was your journey?" Phyl asked. "Pleasant," I answered. "Good. We're so pleased that you accepted the position Katniss. You were the most qualified candidate with so many years of experience." Quiet conversation followed as we ate. I listened politely as Delly and Phyl spoke of the weather and their children, Rye and Willow, who were currently visiting Delly's parents' farm in the countryside. "We'll leave tomorrow morning to pick them up," Phyl said. "We should be back by dinnertime." "I planned to go to the schoolhouse and get things ready for the first day," I broke in. School began on Tuesday morning. "I'll give you the key before we leave then," Phyl replied. Peeta was not part of the conversation at the table. He didn't seem hungry. Instead he shoved the food around on his plate. After the meal, Delly invited me to join the family in the parlor. It would have been a good opportunity to get to know them, but I was tired. I had been up since before dawn. Instead I excused myself and returned to my room. I undressed and readied myself for bed, falling asleep within minutes of reading a page of my book. A loud cry woke me. "No Rye, no. Keep breathing." Then something hit the wall beside me, causing my bed to shake. Nervously I pulled the blanket tighter around me. Delly had mentioned that Peeta and the children shared the same floor as me, while she and her husband were housed on the top floor. I supposed Peeta was in the next room. He must have had a nightmare. His shouts were over quickly, but still it took a while for sleep to return. Uncertain as to what time the family ate breakfast, I stayed in my room the next morning until my stomach growled in pain. Finally I went downstairs, thinking I would sit in the parlor and wait for the others. But I caught sight of Sae in the dining room setting out a platter of biscuits. "I can help you with the table," I told her. "Follow me, then." I followed the woman into the kitchen that smelled of bacon and fried eggs. "Did you sleep well?" she asked. "I did, but I was woken up with shouts in the night." Sae grimaced. "It must have been Mr. Peeta. He hasn't had nightmares in years. I wonder what's brought them on now." She must have seen the look of curiosity on my face because she explained more. "He was injured during the war and the middle brother, Mr. Rye, was killed. He's had a difficult time." That explained his limp and his shout about Rye. I had thought he was calling out to his nephew. But still the war had ended eight years earlier. Shouldn't he be better now? "Does he work in the bakery with his brother?" "He does. It's a shame because he's wasting his talent there." I wanted to ask more. What talent did Peeta have? But Sae had already picked up a platter of eggs. She'd handed me a pot of coffee to carry out to the table. Phyl and Delly arrived and I sat down to eat. Apparently Peeta had left at dawn to go to work. After a hearty breakfast, Phyl gave me the key to the schoolhouse. I set off even before he and his wife left. The livery stable was the last business in town. The schoolhouse was located a quarter-mile past it. It was a small wood building. A large apple tree stood next to it, its full branches laden with red fruit. I picked an apple to add to the lunch Sae had packed for me. I walked around the schoolhouse completely; taking note of the privy in back, which fortunately appeared clean, and the hand pump for water on the side of the building. Then I unlocked the door. Immediately the dust rose and I began sneezing. The building must have stood empty since school ended in the spring. A tiny room was set off to the right at the entrance that had hooks on the wall for coats. On the left side stood a dirty stove and a small woodpile. Ahead of me were four rows of table-type desks with bench seats. A large aisle ran up the middle of the room. My own, large desk sat in front on a raised platform. A handbell was on top of it, along with some chalk, an old geography book, and a Bible. Behind it a blackboard was bolted to the wall. A small American flag with 37 stars, one for every state in the Union, was placed in a wall holder in the corner. Two windows were set into the walls, one on each side of the room. I put down the satchel with my lunch in it and opened the windows to air out the schoolroom. My day was spent cleaning. I found a bucket and scrub brush in the cloakroom, along with a broom. I dusted and swept first, before filling the bucket with water at the outside pump and washing the windows, the desks, the floor, and lastly wiping down the stove. I'd been told to expect anywhere from twenty to fifty students and I wanted to be ready for them. While I worked, my thoughts wandered. I was curious about my new students, about the new town I'd moved to, and about the Mellark family in whose house I was staying. But eventually my thoughts circled back to Peeta. What was that handsome man hiding? Surely he must be in considerable anguish to be suffering nightmares. With his reserved manner and dark scowls he seemed to be like a character straight out of a book by Jane Austin. It was late afternoon when I walked back to the Mellark house. I entered by the kitchen door around to the side. Sae was fixing dinner. "The children are sick," she announced. "Mr. Phyl has returned, but Miss Delly has stayed behind to help her parents care for them." My heart sank. I'd been looking forward to meeting Rye and Willow. Now with Delly gone, I'd be dining alone with the two Mellark men. Meals would be awkward to say the least. Dinner was tense. I had the strangest thought that the two brothers had been arguing before they came to the table because they were throwing dark looks at each other throughout the meal. When Phyl asked me about my day at the schoolhouse, I noted that Peeta glared at his brother while I spoke. A few times, I caught Peeta studying me while I ate. Each time his eyes, that were lined with dark circles, flitted away