"Here, you can have the last one, Everdeen." Johanna Mason crinkled up her pert nose in mock disgust as she held out the cardboard box that contained one misshapen, glazed donut. Katniss shook her head. "It looks like a bite's been taken from it. I don't want someone's leftovers." Johanna tossed the cardboard box into the trash before returning to her desk to grab her purse. Johanna, tall with a short, boyish haircut, and Katniss, short with a longish, dark mane, were secretaries. They sat side-by-side at the entrance to the small branch of Alliance Insurance – the company that promised to "take care of things when the odds weren't in your favor" - located in Panem Tower. They worked for the two agents in the office. Katniss was assigned to Gale Hawthorne, a married man who shared her same coloring, and was often mistaken as being her relative. Johanna worked for Cato Ableman, a fair-haired, muscle man who spent his spare time pumping iron. Cato was single and had been pestering Katniss for a date ever since she'd taken the job. But Katniss had steadfastly refused his advances. She didn't care for Cato. Even if she was single, she wasn't desperate. "Mellark's is supposed to be opening in the lobby next week," Johanna said as she locked the office door. "Maybe we can start getting our donuts from them." Katniss smiled. Mellark's was a popular bakery in the suburbs where she'd grown up. She'd been inside a few times with her father when she was young. They must be branching out if they were opening a shop in Panem Tower. Johanna pushed the button at the elevator repeatedly. "Where is it? I'd like to make it home before my date gets there to pick me up." "I know Mellark's," Katniss said in an attempt to distract her increasingly frustrated co-worker. "They have the best pastries and…" The loud ding of the elevator cut her off. "Finally," Johann muttered. "Cato won't spring for anything fancy," she told Katniss as they stepped inside. "I'm surprised he even gets donuts." Cato, who technically was the head of the office and in charge of the budget, picked up a dozen donuts every morning on his way to work. He set them out on a table next to the seating area so that hungry clients would have something to munch on. But generally everyone in the office ate at least one donut every day. Katniss was fortunate that her metabolism ran fast, otherwise she would have gained a lot of weight. "He might change his mind when he tastes the stuff from Mellark's," Katniss said as the elevator's doors closed. She remembered warm rolls with cheese inside of them and sighed. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx A week later, a chubby blonde walked into their office pushing a silver trolley filled with baked goods. She wheeled her cart up to Katniss' and Johanna's desks. Katniss surveyed the cart and her stomach growled. She hadn't eaten anything. Cato hadn't come in yet with the donuts; he and Gale were at a meeting on the other side of town. "Sorry, but no solicitors allowed," Johanna said. The woman laughed. "Oh, I'm not here to sell anything. I'm Delly Mellark from downstairs. My husband and I are the owners of the Mellark's bakeshop opening in the lobby. We wanted to introduce ourselves to the tenants in the building." Delly held out a brochure, her diamond engagement and wedding rings sparkling brightly under the florescent lighting. "Would it be possible to talk with the office manager?" "He's not in yet," Johanna answered. "Well, let me leave something behind for him to taste. Do you know what he likes?" "Chocolate," Johanna and Katniss said in unison. For a man obsessed with his physical fitness, Cato sure loved sweets. Delly took a paper plate from the cart. Using a pair of tongs, she set a chocolate-covered croissant on it. "Here." She put the plate on the edge of Johanna's desk. Katniss licked her lips. Maybe she could go downstairs and buy something on her break. "Have you opened up your shop, then?" Katniss asked Delly. "Not yet. Peeta's been doing some test batches to check out the new oven. Can I offer you both a sample too?" "I thought you'd never ask." Johanna reached out her hand to point to a big muffin topped with poppy seeds. After Delly served Johanna, she turned to Katniss. "Do you have any of those cheese-filled rolls on your cart?" "You mean cheese buns?" Katniss nodded. Her mouth was already salivating; she hadn't tasted one in years. "No, Peeta hasn't made any yet." "Oh, okay. I'll have one of those brown rolls then." Katniss pointed to a mini-loaf that looked to be studded with raisins and nuts. At least it would keep her full until lunch. "This muffin is delicious," Johanna moaned after Delly had left. "So many poppy seeds. I'm feeling high already. Kat, you were so right about this bakery. We have to get Cato to start buying from them." But afterwards when Johanna perused the brochure Delly left behind, she sighed. "Unless they offer a building discount, we're probably out of luck. Cato's too big of a cheapskate to pay these prices." "Oh, no," Katniss suddenly remembered. "I forgot to ask for a sample for Gale." xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Surprisingly after tasting the chocolate croissant Delly had left behind, Cato was amenable to purchasing baked goods from Mellark's. "I'd rather sleep a little later," he said. "I'm tired of having to pick up donuts before work every morning." So arrangements were made for Johanna to pick up a box of pastries – since Mellark's didn't make donuts - and bring it upstairs when she arrived in the morning. But after a week of walking past the bakeshop, taking the elevator up to their 12th floor office, and then having to go back down to the lobby to pick up the pastries, it was clear that Johanna was completely unreliable. Katniss offered to take over and bring the box upstairs. "You just want first shot at that cheese thingy," Johanna smirked. "Perhaps." Every day the mixed box of pastries had included one cheese bun, one poppy seed muffin, and one chocolate croissant. Since Cato hadn't known Katniss' and Johanna's favorites to ask for them, clearly Delly had remembered what they liked and made sure to include their preferred items in the daily order. Every morning when Katniss stopped to pick up the baked goods, Delly Mellark greeted her with a warm smile, and kind words. It was a small shop and Katniss could see Delly's husband in profile as he worked at a long table behind the display counter. He dressed in white, like Delly, and was so focused on his work that he seemed to have a whole world locked away inside him. After a few days Katniss finally got the chance to meet him. One morning he called out a question to Delly and turned toward the front to await her reply. Katniss' heart beat a little faster when she took in his handsome appearance. He was stocky with ash-colored hair that fell in waves around his friendly face. But it was his eyes that drew her in. They were bright blue and lively. After listening to Delly's answer he caught sight of Katniss on the other side of the counter. His eyes seemed to light up as he gave her a broad smile. "You're a regular aren't you?" She wondered if he was speaking to someone behind her, but there were no other customers. "She's from Alliance Insurance," Delly said. "They've got that daily order for a mixed dozen." He dropped the dough from his hands, left the table and stood next to Delly. "I'm Peeta Mellark," he introduced himself. He rubbed his hands together in an attempt to clean them. Katniss noticed that he wasn't wearing a wedding band; likely he took it off to keep it clean. "I'd shake your hand, but mine are covered with flour." "That's okay. I'm Katniss…er .. Everdeen." She paused not knowing how to continue. "My co-workers like your baked goods." Peeta grinned. "That's good to know. What's your favorite?" "The cheese buns. My father used to buy them at your main bakery when I was a kid." She knew she was babbling but she couldn't help it. His good looks and laser-like attentiveness had left her flustered. Out of the corner of her eye she noticed a curious look cross Delly's face. "Okay Peeta; time to get back to work," Delly said, as a customer came up behind Katniss. Katniss threw the couple a quick smile and left. She rode up the elevator envying Delly. The woman certainly had a handsome husband. As the mornings grew darker and the weather colder, the tiny Mellark's bakeshop got busier. It seemed that everyone who worked in Panem Tower wanted a pastry and hot drink to begin the day. But no matter how many customers were waiting at the counter, Peeta stopped his work for a just a moment to say a few words to Katniss when she reached the front of the line. Their brief conversations were friendly, but the fact that they were occurring every single day made her nervous because Peeta was married. Couldn't Delly see that her husband was paying Katniss too much attention, singling her out from all the other customers? But worse still, she found herself looking forward to their short exchanges, which left her feeling guilty. And then one morning when she arrived, Peeta was working the front counter. He said Delly had stepped away because she was feeling ill. "She's expecting." "Congratulations. You must be so happy." Katniss responded automatically, but her heart twisted. She should be pleased for the couple, but she was jealous. Why had she allowed herself to develop a crush on a married man? "Yes, my whole family is excited as this will be the first grandchild." xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Johanna waved the flyer in her hand. "The management of Panem Tower is holding a holiday party for tenants this Friday at 10 a.m. We have to go." Katniss looked away from her computer screen. "I'm surprised you want to go. It can't be much of a party if it starts at 10 a.m. Probably just some cookies and eggnog." Johanna snorted. "You are so brainless sometimes. It's an excuse to get away from our desks. Besides, eggnog can always be spiked." Katniss frowned. The holidays were her least favorite time. Everything seemed to revolve around families and her only family member was her sister Prim who was in school on the other side of the country. And this year they couldn't afford to get together. Katniss would be spending her Christmas alone. Even Jo, who also lacked a family, had plans to meet up with an old boyfriend to go skiing. Besides, Katniss hated to socialize. She'd already avoided going to the party Alliance Insurance had held for all its employees at a big hotel the previous weekend. She'd refused Cato's offer to escort her and had been further mortified when Gale had tried to set her up with his brother-in-law Darius as a date. Feigning prior plans, she'd spent the evening eating ice cream, watching a sappy Hallmark holiday movie, and wishing a meet-cute moment would happen to her too, and soon. Johanna had told her about the Alliance shindig in detail later, gossiping about which employees had gotten drunk, who had the hottest and ugliest spouse, and who had hooked up afterward. Katniss enjoyed her friend's bawdy stories, but she was relieved to have stayed away. She wished she could avoid the building party as well, but she doubted she'd be able to, unless Gale had some urgent task for her to do. But that was unlikely. Work was slow at this time of year. The morning of the party, Cato announced that they'd close the office