Chapter 1 – Happily Ever After "Good morning Mrs. Mellark." Katniss opened her eyes to find a pair of blue eyes staring back at her. She shifted her head on the pillow and smiled back at Peeta, biting her lower lip. A slight blush appeared on her cheeks as she remembered the previous evening. Two months ago, she had married Peeta in a big Capitol wedding at the conclusion of The Match Game television show. At the time of their marriage Katniss had strong feelings for him, but since their wedding and subsequent return to District 12, her feelings had grown. She knew now that she truly loved Peeta, an emotion Katniss did not take lightly. And expressing that love had become a big part of the newlyweds' lives. She was glad for the gift of a golden mockingjay pin encrusted with red stones that Gates, the contestant from District 3, had given her as a wedding present. When a switch on the back of the pin was turned on, it emitted a high frequency sound that jammed all cameras and audio recording devices within 50 feet. The pin had helped Katniss and Peeta keep their privacy as the newlyweds got to know each other. Their neighbor, Haymitch Abernathy, the winner of the 50th Hunger Games show, had warned them when they first moved into their Victor's Village home that there were cameras set in the walls throughout their house. He'd even offered to go through it with them to locate and destroy the cameras. But when they saw the gaping holes left behind in the walls of Haymitch's living room they'd decided to rely on the pin alone to keep things private. "Just a moment," Katniss murmured as Peeta reached for her hip to pull her closer. She twisted her body away from Peeta and toward the nightstand where the pin sat and reached for the switch. "We're good to go," she said as she rolled back to face him, a delicious feeling of anticipation settling over her. She was enjoying married life much more than she'd ever thought she would. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx An hour later the couple was in kitchen eating blueberry muffins and discussing their plans for the day, including the small dinner party they were hosting that evening. One of the bonuses of starring in The Match Game was that Katniss had been awarded a substantial monthly stipend for the rest of her life. Peeta, however, received nothing other than marriage to the woman of his dreams. And while that alone was plenty, Peeta didn't feel comfortable living entirely off Katniss' money. He continued to work regularly in his family's bakery. "I have to meet the train this morning," Peeta said. "I promised my dad I'd pick up the supply order." "I'll go with you. I have something to pick up as well." Peeta had recently commented that he'd always wanted to try his hand at painting. Katniss had secretly ordered some paints, brushes, a few blank canvases, and a folding easel as a gift for him. The couple left their house, locking the door behind them. Peeta stopped first to leave a basket filled with leftover muffins in front of Haymitch's front door before they set off toward town, a one-mile walk. "What do you have to get at the station?" Peeta asked as the couple hiked to the bakery to pick up a handcart. When Katniss shook her head and didn't respond, he reached out to grab her side, tickling her. "Stop," she squealed, pushing him away with her hands. "It's a present for you." "Really, you got me a present?" Peeta was pleased. "When will you give it to me?" "I'm not sure. Maybe tonight if you're good." "Good at what?" Peeta winked at her. Katniss snorted and shook her head at her husband. He could be so silly, like a little boy sometimes. When they reached the bakery's backdoor, Peeta went inside, while Katniss stayed out. After a minute, Mr. Mellark opened the door and waved. She waved back. He was the only member of Peeta's family that was genuinely friendly to her. Peeta's mother, who'd attacked both of them in the bakery's tiny office during the filming of The Match Game , ignored Katniss. She didn't acknowledge her son's marriage in anyway. His two older brothers were civil to her at least, but they had their own concerns. The oldest was married and worked for his wife's family, while Rye, who still worked at the bakery, spent his free time entertaining the single women of District 12. Peeta soon came outside and got the handcart out of the shed. The train station was humming with activity when they arrived. Passengers had left the coach cars to stretch their legs and were milling about. Ever since Seneca Crane had taken over as president after the assassination of President Coriolanus Snow a few years earlier, travel between the districts had been allowed, although it was expensive. At the front of the train, Katniss noted a car bearing Capitol markings. "I hope Madge and Gale can make it tonight," she said, pointing out the Capitol car. Capitol visitors meant fancy dinners at the mayor's residence, something Madge, who was the mayor's daughter, and her husband Gale would be expected to attend. Peeta shook his head. "If there was something going on at the mayor's house the bakery would be making a cake for it. And we aren't." "Good." Katniss was excited about the evening ahead. It was the first dinner they'd ever hosted as couple. Besides Madge and Gale, they'd also invited Thom and Leevy. All three couples had recently gotten married. The workers were already unloading supplies from the cargo cars. Katniss and Peeta split up, each in search of their order. Next to the box of art supplies, Katniss saw a small box addressed to Haymitch. She picked it up. Might as well deliver it to her neighbor. After a stop at the bakery to deliver the sacks of flour and sugar and put the handcart back into the shed, Katniss handed Haymitch's small package to Peeta to hold. He eyed the bulky package in Katniss' arms. "I can carry the bigger one." She shook her head. "I don't want you shaking it and guessing what's inside." "Do I have to wait until after dinner to open it?" "Yes." "Well, it's going to be an awfully quick meal then." It was already afternoon by the time the couple arrived back at Victor's Village. Peeta climbed the steps to Haymitch's house to drop off the small package, while Katniss waited at the bottom. He knocked on the door, but there was no answer. He waited a minute and pounded. Still nothing. He set the box down on the landing and walked down the stairs. "No answer. He's probably drunk." "Maybe he's not up yet." "No, he must have gotten up. The muffins are gone." The couple walked back to their own house. When they reached the top of their stairs, they noticed the front door was partly open. Katniss let out a tiny shriek, nearly dropping the package in her arms. "I'm sure we locked it." Peeta reached for the box in Katniss' arms and set it on the ground next to the door. "Wait for me at the bottom of the stairs." His voice was low. "Why?" "I'll go in and check it out." Peeta pushed gently at the door. "No, Peeta. I'm going with you." He turned to her and shook his head. "Stay outside. It's not safe." "That's exactly why I'm going in." "Katniss, I don't want you to get hurt if there's someone inside." She rolled her eyes. "I'll be fine. My bow and arrows are in the coat closet near the door. Peeta started to open his mouth to speak but Katniss rested her hand on the door pushing it further. "Let's stop arguing." Peeta frowned, but he covered her hand and together they pushed the door open. The pair stepped inside the tiled entryway. It looked exactly as they'd left it. Katniss' leather hunting jacket was hanging on a hook on the wall next to Peeta's coat. Her hunting boots were tossed onto the floor near the wall. They slowly made their way down the entry hall. Katniss froze for a moment, staring at her husband. His tread was loud, as if he was deliberately stomping his feet. "Can you take your shoes off?" "Now?" Peeta's tone was one of disbelief. "Yes. I will too. That way we'll both be quieter." They stopped for a moment, removing their shoes and setting them alongside the wall. They inched forward in their socks. When they reached the coat closet, Katniss put her hand on the knob and slowly opened the door, reaching for her bow and quiver of arrows. She pulled the strap of the quiver over her shoulder, and pushed the door shut. She grabbed an arrow from her bag and put it in position ready to shoot if necessary. They entered the living room, stopping for a moment to survey the scene. Nothing was out-of-place except for the patchwork quilt that Katniss' mother and Prim had made for them as a wedding gift. It had been folded across the back of the sofa. Now it was crumpled into a heap sitting on the seat of a nearby armchair. Peeta turned in the direction of the kitchen. Katniss followed him, her eyes scanning the dining room carefully; ready to shoot any intruder who would attack Peeta. Katniss watched in amazement as her husband entered the kitchen and opened a drawer to pull out a rolling pin. "Really Peeta?" she scoffed. "I need a weapon too, Katniss." "A rolling pin isn't a weapon." "Have you ever been hit with one?" Katniss shook her head apologetically, remembering that a rolling pin was the weapon of choice his mother had used on him throughout his childhood. The pair made their way out of the kitchen and looked through the entire lower level of the house. There was no evidence of anything missing, and only the quilt had been moved. They made their way upstairs, checking out the other three guestrooms and lastly their own large bedroom. When they entered it, they noticed that the curtains blocking one of the windows had been pushed aside and the screen was removed and lying on the sloping roof outside the window. "Did you close the window before we left?" Peeta liked to sleep with a window open, but he usually closed it every morning. "I may have forgot." He turned to Katniss. "I'm sorry." Katniss wondered if the intruder had taken anything from their home. Other than her bow and arrows and the mockingjay pin on her shirt, she had little of real value. Still she rushed to their shared dresser and opened the top draw where she kept the rings she and Peeta had exchanged in their Capitol wedding ceremony. Neither wore the rings as the exchange of bands wasn't a District 12 tradition. But they were made of gold and would certainly have monetary value if someone were to sell them at The Hob. However both rings were still sitting in their velvet-lined boxes. "Why would someone break into our house if they didn't take anything?" Katniss wondered aloud. "I don't know." Peeta leaned out of the open window, picked up the screen and fitted it back into place, before slamming the window shut. The couple made their way downstairs. Katniss picked up the patchwork blanket lying on the armchair. She refolded it and placed it over the back of the sofa. A faint floral scent hung in the air. "Well whoever was here is gone now," Katniss said. "We better start cooking. Our guests will be here in a couple of hours." xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Katniss was setting the table when the first couple arrived. She opened the door to Gale and Madge. Despite