Chapter 1 – Loss December 1849 "No, no," Katniss cried out in her sleep. She was twisting and turning in the bed, jolting Peeta awake. He sat up, leaning against the brass headboard. He reached his arm out across her body and pulled his wife close in the darkness. "It was just a dream," he whispered. "You're all right." He kissed the top of her head, pulling her nearer still. He hoped he was accurate. That she would be all right – that they both would be. But he was beginning to feel as if they were caught up in a bad dream that they couldn't shake. At the foot of the bed, a baby's piercing cry sounded. He sighed, unwrapped his arms from Katniss, and got out of bed. Soft moonlight flooded the room as he limped to the child's cradle. He picked the girl up carefully and carried her back to the bed. Katniss had turned away and pulled the blanket over her head. He leaned up against the headboard and rocked the child in his arms willing her to fall asleep quickly so that he could go back to sleep. He was so tired. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Only a couple of months earlier, Peeta Mellark had been a content man. He'd been the owner of a small bakeshop in Dirty District 12, a gold mining camp in California's Sacramento Valley. He'd been working alongside his wife Katniss, a petite, dark-haired beauty, who he'd married in the spring. But his life had taken a sudden sharp turn when a freak-lightening storm had struck the mining camp starting a fire that had destroyed his business and most of the miners' tents. Dirty District 12 had shut down, all of the miners leaving. His brother Rye had headed for another camp with Peeta's friend Finnick Odair and Finnick's pregnant wife Annie. Katniss' family, her mother and sister Prim, along with her Aunt Hazelle, Uncle Samuel, and cousins Vick and Posy had headed to Sacramento City. Her cousin Rory Hawthorne had joined his brother Gale, digging for gold in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada Mountains with a group of men from Sonora, Mexico. Gale had hired María, the wife of one of the miners, to nurse his daughter Lavinia after the death of his wife Madge in childbirth. Peeta and Katniss had relocated to District 12, the small town closest to the burned-out mining camp. Peeta had accepted a position as a temporary cook at Effie's house in exchange for free lodging. His duties also included teaching Effie's niece Delly to cook and milking Effie's two cows. It wasn't an ideal living situation, though, because Effie ran the town's brothel. But it had meant that Peeta and Katniss would be living in a house for the winter, instead of a tent. He and Katniss were also working for Sae, who owned the only restaurant in town; Peeta as a baker and Katniss as a hunter. The blow of losing his business had been softened by Katniss' announcement that she was expecting. The first couple of weeks in Effie's house had been fine. But early one morning, just after he returned from milking the cows, Katniss woke up in pain with belly cramps. She'd asked him to get Effie. He shot out of the room, as quickly as his crippled leg would permit, in search of his employer. He pounded on Effie's bedroom door. She was annoyed when she opened it, but when Peeta explained what was happening she pushed him aside and went to his wife. "Get out of here and bake something," she ordered him when he hovered near the bed as Effie spoke with Katniss. "This is women's domain." Reluctantly, he left and went to the kitchen to build up the fire in the stove. He wished Katniss' mother, who was a midwife wasn't so far away. While the stove heated, Peeta gathered together the ingredients to make pancakes. He also started a pot of coffee. After fifteen minutes, Delly appeared, her hair a mess of blonde curls, her eyes crusty with sleep, and her dressing gown wrapped tightly around her. "My aunt wants a bucket of warm water." Peeta got a large pot and dipped it into the fresh water barrel that stood in the kitchen. He put it on the stove to heat. Delly opened a cupboard and pulled out a pile of clean rags. "How is Katniss?" Peeta asked, his eyes focusing on the large scraps of fabric Delly had in her arms. "She's bleeding," Delly muttered. She hurried out of the room. Peeta followed after her, but when they reached the bedroom door, Delly turned to him. "Stay out Peeta," she insisted, as she opened the door. Peeta reached for the edge of the door, holding it open with his hand as he peered over Delly's head. Katniss was sitting up in the bed. Her face was pale. Hair was falling out of her braid. Her eyes were red rimmed. A rush of emotion came over him and he had the sudden urge to push Delly out of the way and run to his wife's side. Effie was sitting on the bed next to her, speaking softly to Katniss. He couldn't make out the words, but he could see the tears slowly slip down Katniss' cheeks. Effie turned and looked toward her niece. "Give me those rags, Delly. Get the hot water." Effie looked at Peeta. "Help Delly with the water." "Can I…" he began, but Effie silenced him. "The water please." He caught Katniss' eye for a moment, but she quickly turned away. Frustrated, he went back to the kitchen. He dipped a finger into the water. It was warm, but not boiling. He lifted the kettle off the stove and carried it to the bedroom. Delly opened the door, but Effie stood up immediately and came forward to take the pot from Peeta, not letting him enter the room. He scowled at his employer and left. He returned to the kitchen and fried a stack of pancakes, setting them out on a platter for the women who worked for Effie. He covered the platter with a clean cloth and set out a cup of powdered sugar and a jar of blueberry jam on the table. The women slept late because their evenings were spent entertaining customers. But he knew that they'd eventually come downstairs looking for sustenance. He poured a cup of coffee, and took a couple of pancakes for himself, liberally sprinkling powdered sugar over the top. He ate slowly, but after a few bites he had to stop. He had no appetite. Instead, he drank his coffee and stared off into space, wondering when Effie would let him see his wife. He only wanted the reassurance that she would be all right. When he finished his coffee, he threw out his uneaten food. He tidied up the kitchen, washing his cup, plate, knife and fork. Since Delly was busy, he couldn't give her a cooking lesson. Instead he headed over to Sae's restaurant to do some baking. The weather was getting colder as winter approached. Only a year ago, it had snowed so heavily that Peeta and Katniss had been trapped overnight in a cave during a storm. That event and their subsequent discovery of a gold vein in the cave wall had been the catalyst for their relationship. Never in his wildest dreams would Peeta have thought that a year later he'd be married to Katniss with a baby on the way. But, he reminded himself, Katniss was likely no longer expecting. He'd put that thought out of his head ever since Effie had shut him out of his room. He'd only worried about his wife. But as he stood in Sae's kitchen kneading dough over the table he couldn't help but think of the child. They'd talked about the baby a great deal among themselves, but they hadn't shared the news with anyone else, mainly because they hadn't seen any of their family or friends lately. But it didn't matter now. The baby wasn't real any more. A thought occurred to him; maybe he had caused this. Maybe he had been too affectionate with his wife. He pounded the dough with such ferocity that Sae came over to watch. "The bread will be as tough as shoe leather if you keep at it that way," she commented. "Have a fight with the girl did you?" A tear trickled down Peeta's face, which he quickly brushed away; immediately Sae placed her hand onto his forearm. "What is it?" she asked. Peeta hesitated before answering. Gossip had been rife in the mining camp. In fact, Katniss' mother had urged him to quickly marry Katniss precisely because of gossip that the miners had been spreading about them. He didn't want anything he told Sae to be spread around town. Katniss would be furious if that happened, especially if it had come from his mouth. So instead of speaking the facts, he simply told Sae that Katniss was ill and that Effie was tending to her. "What's she got?" Sae asked. "I can't have you working here if she's got something contagious." "It's women's..." Sae smirked and interrupted his explanation. "No need for any details. Well, it's good she's living in that house then, with all those women to help her." Peeta nodded. Sae was right. If she couldn't have her mother nearby, the next best thing was to be living in a house full of women. Someone would know what to do. Peeta focused on his work, but his mind was far away. After he finished baking several loaves of bread and a couple of pies, Peeta excused himself to check on Katniss. Surely now, Effie would let him see his wife and talk with her. But when he got to Effie's house, his employer was sitting in the kitchen drinking coffee. "Katniss is sleeping, don't disturb her," she said firmly. "Can I see her at least?" he begged. Effie nodded. "But don't wake her up." Peeta entered the couple's bedroom as quietly as he was able. He noted that all the linens had been changed. He wondered how much blood Katniss had lost, but he pushed the thought from his mind. He walked next to the side of the bed and looked down at her. Katniss was lying on her side, her legs curled up. Effie must have combed through her hair and re-braided it. Her face was devoid of color. Her head was resting on a flattened pillow, her hands were fisted tightly around the white sheet that was pulled up under her arms. She looked ghostly, but Peeta was reassured by the rhythmic pattern of her chest rising and falling. He knelt down next to her and lightly touched her cheek. He took a deep breath. When he exhaled, a loud sigh came forth, evidence of his pent up fears being revealed. Katniss startled at the sound. Her eyes opened and she turned her head toward Peeta. "I'm sorry," she mouthed. He shook his head. "Katniss, it's not your fault." She couldn't think that. If anything, he was at fault. He should have reined in his exuberance towards her since she was with child. Tears ran down the sides of her face. Peeta reached up with his thumb to wipe them away. Katniss scowled and turned her face to hide it in the pillow. Her body shook as she sobbed. He leaned over her, in an attempt to hug her, but the door opened and Effie interrupted him. "I told you to let her sleep," Effie chided him. He gave a quick squeeze to her shoulder, before grudgingly standing up to follow Effie from the room. Once they returned to the kitchen, Effie told him to sit. "Katniss lost the baby. She needs to rest. She should stay in bed for at least a week." Peeta nodded grimly. "She's going