Chapter 1 – Oregon calls "Time for supper," my mother calls. My father sets aside the book he's been reading, Journal of Travels over the Rocky Mountains . My sister Primrose takes four tin bowls and spoons off the shelf. Mother carefully removes the cast iron pot that hangs over the fire and carries it to the table. "Katniss Everdeen, clear away those shavings," she scolds. I've spent this late winter afternoon making arrows at the table. I scrape the wood shaving into my hand and toss them into the fireplace. I put the carving knife and the arrow I was shaping into a trunk near the foot of the bed Prim and I share. I return to the table to join my family who are devouring the squirrel stew. "Better hurry," my father says. "We need to get there early if we want seats. I suspect half the town will be there." My mother sighs. A flicker of dread flits across her delicate features. "Are we really going to Oregon?" Prim is excited. Her blonde braids swing behind her as she jumps up to clear the table. Father doesn't say anything. I notice he and Mother exchange looks. This idea of this journey is a sore point between them. There is already a crowd when we arrive at the schoolhouse. My father greets his best friend Mr. Hawthorne. The two men appear almost giddy with anticipation. Mr. Hawthorne's wife Hazelle wears the same expression of dread that my mother had earlier. "Hi Catnip," Gale greets me. At nineteen, he is the oldest Hawthorne child, just two years older than me. For a long time I expected that he and I would someday end up married. It was my favorite daydream. But last fall Gale began showing interest in my pretty, blond-haired friend Madge Undersee, the daughter of our town's mayor. At first I was shocked, then somewhat hurt that Gale didn't share my daydream. But after careful thinking I realized that he'd always acted more like a brother to me than a boyfriend. In fact, we can even pass for siblings with our dark hair and grey eyes. Eventually I got used to the idea of Gale and Madge. Now I wonder, if Gale goes to Oregon will she go too? Prim greets the rest of the Hawthorne children - fourteen-year-old Rory, ten-year-old Vick and eight-year-old Posy. Our two families go into the schoolhouse and find seats. In front of us sits Mr. Mellark, the baker, and his three blond-haired sons. Peeta, the youngest, turns and smiles shyly at me. He was in my class at school, but I barely know him. He was quiet and spent most of his time with with a pasty, yellow-haired girl named Delly Cartwright. I think he wants to say something to me, but the room is growing quiet and someone is calling the meeting to order. Peeta turns forward as a large man walks to the front of the schoolroom. He stands on the teacher's raised platform and begins to speak. "So you want to hear about Oregon," he shouts. The crowd cheers. He waits until the noise dies down. "My name is Plutarch Heavensbee and I'm here to tell you that everyone can own a piece of the Garden of Eden simply by traveling to Oregon. It's a place overflowing with wild game. There, the salmon jump out of the rivers right into your hands. Oregon land is so fertile you will never be hungry again. This year our great President Millard Fillmore will sign into law the Donation Land Act. This law will grant 320 acres of free land to any white male citizen age 18 and older. And you married gentlemen are in for a special bonus. You can receive an extra 320 acres in your wife's name as well." The crowd is silent. I imagine everyone is doing the arithmetic. I know I am. The Everdeen family can get 640 acres of free land in Oregon. Now I understand why my father and Mr. Hawthorne have a bad case of Oregon fever. Farms here are much smaller and it's difficult to make a profitable living. Mr. Heavensbee's description makes Oregon sound like the Promised Land. "Now you're probably wondering how you can get to Oregon territory," he says. "The safest way to travel is in a large group. And I have just the man to lead your company. Let me introduce me to your wagon train captain, Haymitch Abernathy." A flabby, middle-aged man stands up and staggers forward. "He's drunk," my mother mutters. Captain Abernathy trips as he steps up onto the platform. Mr. Heavensbee grabs at him before his head hits the teacher's desk. Captain Abernathy clumsily turns around faces the crowd and sways slightly. "So you want to go to Oregon," he shouts. I can smell the liquor on his breath, although I am sitting nearly ten feet away. "It's a dangerous trip," he says darkly. "Some of you will not survive." Mr. Heavensbee noticeably flinches. "But remember," Captain Abernathy continues, "life is either a daring adventure or it is nothing." He pauses for dramatic emphasis. "However, if you want to stay alive you'll need to be prepared." He goes on to describe the supplies travelers will need to make the 2,000 mile journey which will begin in Independence, Missouri. These include a wagon with a canvas cover and four to six oxen to pull it, food, cooking supplies and weapons. He estimates the cost for a family could be as much as $1,500. Prim squeezes my hand. I suspect she is thinking the same thing as me. We are not rich. Will the cost prevent my family from making the journey? The meeting ends when Captain Abernathy falls off the platform and vomits on a woman sitting in the front row. The crowd is quiet as we exit the schoolhouse. Clearly the residents of our town have a lot to think about. Captain Abernathy said that the best time to leave for Oregon is in early May. That gives everyone who is interested only three months to prepare for the journey. Prim and I don't hear a word about Oregon for a few days. I suspect my parents are struggling with the decision because my mother is barely speaking to my father. Several days later when Prim and I return from visiting the Hawthornes, we find my mother slamming things around the house. Prim ignores my mother's angry outburst. "The Hawthornes are traveling to Oregon. Are we going too?" My mother stops and looks up at both of us. Tears fall down her cheeks. "Your father wants to go, so I suppose we are." Prim jumps up and down, but I am numb. I'm still stunned by the news that Hazelle told me during our visit - Gale and Madge are getting married soon. Gale is eager to get the double portion of land promised to married couples. I thought I was over Gale, but maybe I'm not. The months pass quickly. Nearly fifty people from our town will make the journey to Oregon. Like the Everdeens and the Hawthornes, most are farmers and are able to sell their farms and livestock to raise capital to fund the trip. Prim sheds more than a few tears when she sells Lady, her goat, to the baker. He says he'll take good care of her. Father promises Prim that we'll get a cow in Independence when we buy our supplies for the trip. Even some shopkeepers are making the trip. Cinna, the tailor, and his wife Portia are going, while the baker is sending his two youngest sons. A week before we leave to travel to Independence, Gale and Madge are married. The nuptials are held in our town's small church. Madge wears a dress of white fabric covered with tiny pink flowers. On her head sits a straw hat with a pink flower on the brim. Gale is dressed is a dark suit. It fits poorly and I suspect it belongs to his father. Gale's brother Rory and I are witnesses for the happy couple. I kiss Madge's cheek afterwards and hug Gale, but I am heartsick. I thought I was over Gale. As my family walks home from the wedding celebration my father comes alongside me. "You'll make a beautiful bride someday Katniss," he says gently. I silently thank him for his kind words because I need reassurance today. I wonder if he's feeling bittersweet as well. Maybe he, too, assumed that his oldest daughter would one day wed his best friend's son. We arrive in Independence in a small cart pulled by our two horses. After checking into a boarding house, Father leaves us to begin purchasing supplies. He returns after a few hours. Disappointment weighs on his face. "The prices here are double what they are for everything at home," he complains. "The merchants in Independence are gouging people." He and mother look over their list carefully seeing if they can cut back on any supplies. "I think we'll need to wait on that cow, Prim," he says. Prim nods. "That's alright Dad," she says. "Someone else will take a cow along. We can probably trade something to get milk." "Like one of Katniss's squirrels," he says beaming at me. I smile back. I have my bow and arrows packed in the trunk that sits in the corner of the room. While other girls can knit and sew and cook, I'm a hunter. While my mother despairs of me and my lack of homemaking skills, my father brags on my ability to shoot prey straight in the eye every time. Later we join the Hawthornes for supper at a nearby restaurant. It is the first time Prim and I have ever eaten in a public diner. My father tells us to order whatever we like regardless of cost, although from the corner of my eye I see my mother frown at him. I choose lamb stew with dried plums in it. Dessert is chocolate cake. I am stuffed at the end of the meal. I sit back in my chair and watch the others. The two sets of parents are deep in conversation about the cost of supplies. Gale and Madge are sitting at the other end of the table talking quietly to themselves. I see Gale pick up a strawberry off his plate and bring it to Madge's lips for her to bite. Prim is listening intently to Rory as he discusses the terrain of the Oregon trail. I think he has a crush on her. Meanwhile, I'm sitting next to Vick who is playing with his food and listening to Posy lament the journey that faces us. Something is wrong I think. Will my life always be this dull? Prim and I insist my parent take us along as they purchase supplies for trip. We have been locked up in the rooming house for a few days and are going stir crazy. The only reading material is the Bible and Father's copy of Journal of Travels over the Rocky Mountains . Prim has knit one sock and finishes up the second to complete a pair for Father. I am a poor knitter and have started and unraveled a cap at least six times now because of all the extra stitches I keep picking up. Today we join my parents to purchase oxen. Four oxen are needed to pull our new wagon. Ideally, each wagon owner would have six oxen, so he could rotate them in their duties. But we cannot afford it. Some families purchase mules to pull their wagons. While mules walk faster, they are not as strong as oxen. The oxen father selected are called Clove, Cato, Marvel, and Glimmer. The wagon the creatures pull is 11 feet long, 4 feet wide and 2 feet deep. It will carry nearly 2,500 pounds of supplies, with foodstuffs making up the