Chapter 1 I see the first dandelion of the spring on the day I realize our mother is dying. She'd caught a mild influenza from a patient but it transformed into something far worse. The patient died and now my mother exhibits the same lethal symptoms. I'm twenty. Part of each day I spend hunting, the rest of the time I prepare animal skins for sale. I'm lucky the Peacekeepers like their coats, gloves, and bedcovers lined with fur because they are the main customers for my illegal wares. My sister Prim is sixteen, blonde, blue-eyed, and rosy-cheeked. She's already attracting attention from both Merchant and Seam boys alike. In just a few years, once she is done with school, she'll likely have her choice of suitors. "What are we going to do?" Prim cries that spring evening after feeding our mother some broth that she promptly vomits back up. "I read about this tea made with wild garlic. But if she can't even hold down broth…" "Let's not worry about it little duck," I interrupt, reverting to Prim's childhood nickname. But I'm very worried, terrified in fact. The loss of our mother will change everything. Once she stops breathing, the Justice Department will be within their legal rights to kick Prim and I out of our childhood home. In Panem houses are only assigned to married couples. The temporary ownership ends when both partners are deceased. Adult children, like myself, are turned out to fend for themselves, either to board with another family, or to marry and be assigned a house of their own. Minor children without married kin, like my sister, are sent to the Community Home – the source of all of the children reaped in the districts for as long as I can remember. The Capitol negotiated that compromise years ago to prevent a revolution. It is easier for the districts to stomach sending children to The Hunger Games if they don't have any familial ties. A loud knock on the door brings Prim and I out of our private terror. I set down the dishcloth and Prim sets aside the dried plate. "Not another sick person," I groan. Prim has been standing in for my mother for weeks now. How is she going to stay awake in school if she spends the evenings tending to patients? I open the door to find Mr. Mellark, the baker, and his youngest son Peeta. Someone must be very ill if they walked to the Seam after dark. Prim appears by my side. "Do you need something? I'm helping my mother now." The baker shakes his head. "I want to talk with you two. Might we come in?" Baffled, I open the door further and point to the sagging sofa. The men sit while Prim and I drag chairs from the dining table to set across from them. Mr. Mellark clears his throat. "I've heard a rumor that your mother is quite sick and may be near death. Is it true?" My stomach drops. Clearly people are talking if the baker who lives in Town knows my mother is dying. I had hoped Prim and I could keep it secret for as long as possible. From the expression on both our faces, he deduces its truth. "I have a proposition that I think can help the both of you." "What is it?" my sister asks. She leans forward in her seat. The baker looks directly at Prim. "If Katniss will marry my son Peeta, they will be assigned a house. You can move in with them and avoid the Community Home." My mouth opens in surprise. I turn to Peeta. Even in the dim light, I see the nervousness in his eyes. "No." I halt the conversation before it can go further. I have no desire to marry. And certainly not to someone I hardly know. I have to wonder why Peeta would agree to this? But the baker reminds me that we will lose our house at my mother's death. I am blunt. "Why do you care?" We have no connection to the baker and his family. Although I sell him squirrels on a regular basis, we aren't even customers. We can't afford his prices. Mr. Mellark appears embarrassed. "I am an old friend of your mother's from long ago." My eyes narrow. "From school?" "Yes, and after, too." He is insistent. "There is no other choice. Otherwise Prim will end up in the Community Home. She has a good chance of getting reaped." He's right about Prim's odds. She is a pretty girl who could be made up to look like a great beauty for the cameras in that rigged contest. But still I question his offer. It makes no sense because he gets nothing in return. Besides, my mother has never mentioned the baker even once in all her talk over the years. The baker continues. "You may not know, but my two older sons have married into families with established businesses. Phyl, my oldest, married the grocer's daughter. Rye, my middle son is training to become a shoemaker. Peeta will take over the bakery and he needs a wife who is a hard worker. My late brother's wife, Rooba, speaks very highly of you." Rooba, the butcher, would well know about my hard work. I've sold her some of my largest kills. But there are other hardworking Merchant daughters that will gladly marry Peeta Mellark. He is handsome and will inherit a profitable business. "Why me?" I persist. "There are plenty of Merchant girls." I keep my eyes on the baker because I am embarrassed to discuss Peeta as if he were a piece of meat to haggle over. The baker shifts uncomfortably on the sofa. He begins to speak, but Peeta interrupts him. "Because I want you Katniss." His voice is low, but determined. I am astounded. The only real interaction I've had with Peeta was years ago as a child of eleven. He threw me some burnt bread when my family was starving. I'd often wondered why he did it, especially when I later realized he was struck because of it. My face grows warm as I consider Peeta's words. But I don't believe them. I shake my head dismissively. However Peeta continues speaking. "You could help me." How could I help Peeta Mellark? Mr. Mellark gives his son an angry glance as if he's said too much. Peeta exchanges an equally furious look in response. Father and son are silent for a few moments, glaring at each other. Finally the baker clears his throat. "We've been approached by the Dressers about using Peeta." The Dressers run the tailor's shop in District 12. I know them well because I sell them animal skins. In their early forties and childless, they are in danger of having their home and business confiscated and reassigned if they don't produce an heir soon. The Justice Department requires all Merchants to have children to ensure a trade's continuity. For years rumors have circulated that desperate Merchant couples sometimes brought in a third person, a young, unattached man, to impregnate the wife. I guess the rumors are true. "I don't want Peeta getting involved in this dirty business," the baker says. "It's not good to have your flesh and blood residing with other families." His eyes flit to Prim for a moment. Peeta face flushes at his father's words. "You could refuse the Dressers," I tell Mr. Mellark. Why would he feel obligated to even consider such an offer? "You're right," he agrees, "but there is a great deal of money at stake and my wife, well, she's not one to pass it up." Beside me Prim gasps at his frank admission of his wife's greed. While it makes me sick to think that nasty witch would sell her own son, Peeta Mellark's problems are not my responsibility. But now I understand why he is willing to go along with his father's scheme. He wants a wife to avoid doing business with the Dressers. While there are lewd jokes aplenty about the young men who service the barren women of Twelve, there would be no pleasure involved in that act. Mrs. Dresser is middle-aged and not attractive. Mr. Mellark looks uncomfortable. Peeta stares at a knothole in the wood floor. "We'll talk it over and get back to you," Prim says, sensing the conversation has hit a wall. As soon as the Mellarks leave Prim claps her hands. "Well, I didn't expect that. But it could be the solution to our problem." She sounds relieved. I give her an icy stare. "Did you forget the part where I marry someone I hardly know?" Prim laughs. "Peeta is nice, Katniss. He would be good to you. Besides you'll have to get married sometime, otherwise you'll have no place to live." She is right about Peeta. But I never planned to marry. I expected our mother to live far longer, long enough at least to marry Prim off. Then in the far distant future when our mother breathed her last, I would move out to the woods to live by myself. I sigh in frustration. I will do anything to keep my sister out of the Community Home. But I'm not sure about this. While Prim sleeps, I am awake, restless. I get up to check on our mother. She is warm. I cover her forehead with a cool compress. A couple of days pass. My mother remains the same. Prim wakes up screaming twice from dreams that she has been reaped. My heart clenches because time is running out. On Gale's day off from the mines, we go hunting. I want to tell him about the baker's scheme and get his opinion on the matter. But I don't because things have changed between us over the past year. Gale has distanced himself from me and I have no idea why. For a short time I foolishly suspected he was interested in me romantically. He would lean in close and casually touch me for no reason. However, one day it stopped. He began to treat me like I was his sister. A short time later, he began to see Leevy. They have plans to marry soon. I bring two squirrels to the bakery that afternoon to sell. Peeta answers the door. "I'll get my father." He barely looks at me, before rushing off. I wonder if he is embarrassed because of our meeting the other evening. The baker arrives a few moments later with a loaf of raisin and nut bread. "Have you given any further thought to our conversation," he whispers. It is all I have thought about. "I'll do it when my mother…." I can't make myself say it, but the baker gives me a sympathetic nod. "Good. I'll send Peeta around to see you tonight." "All right." I leave in a hurry and head back to the Seam, wondering what I'm supposed to say to Peeta. Later, after we eat, and Prim has fed our mother, even managing to get her to take in the garlic tea concoction, there is a timid knock on the door. "I'll get it. It's probably Peeta." Prim smiles and goes to our mother's room to give us privacy. I open the door. Peeta stands there holding a small bag. He hands it to me as he enters. I look inside. Two frosted cookies. "For you and Prim." "Thanks." He sits down on our lumpy sofa. I sit down next to him and place the bag between us. Neither of us speaks. "How is your mother?" he finally asks. "The same. It shouldn't be long now." "Look I'm sorry about all this. I'll never force you to do anything you don't want to do." The words tumble out in a rush. My cheeks grow warm. "I want to do it," I say. "Um, marry you." "Do you really?" He looks skeptical. His response