Chapter 1 – A New Kind Of Show Plutarch Heavensbee took a sip from the coffee mug sitting on his expansive desk. He swiveled his chair around and looked down through the big glass wall behind him at the Capitol's citizens scurrying about like rats in a maze. Things had changed a lot for the country since the assassination of President Coriolanus Snow right after the 73rd annual Hunger Games nearly three years earlier. Fortunately, it had been a bloodless coup, and the new government had taken over with little loss of life. The new president, Seneca Crane, was trying to put a fresh face on things. Crane's administration was still dictatorial in many ways, but they wanted to disassociate themselves completely from Snow's regime. This meant the immediate cancellation of The Hunger Games , the longest running television show in Panem. The show had united the country in a way nothing else had. Plutarch was determined to create a new show that would do the same. Unfortunately Crane wouldn't allow Plutarch to enforce mandatory viewing. This meant the new show had to be all the more riveting to keep the entire country glued to their television sets. He heard a knock on his door and he turned his chair around. "Come in," he called, as his lovely assistant Fulvia Cardew entered. The shapely woman glowed pink, the most popular color in the Capitol these days. But it wasn't only her clothes that were varying shades of pink, her hair was bright pink, her fingernails were painted pink, even her skin was a soft shade of the color. It made the silver flowers inlaid in her plump cheeks look even shinier. "Any thoughts?" Plutarch asked. Fulvia nodded. "Well, I was talking with some of my staff and I had an idea." Plutarch leaned forward in his seat, his arms resting on the desk. Fulvia was something of a genius in programming. The popular singing show So Your Dog Can Croon, and the zany reality show Where's My Blankie? were all conceived by her. "What is it?" he asked, eager to hear her latest suggestion. "Well, you know how The Hunger Games was geared toward the male demographic with all that killing and stuff? Why not gear the new show toward women, with lots of love and handsome men to drool over?" Plutarch pursed his lips and squinted. "Go on." "We get a girl from one of the districts and bring her to the Capitol, and then get twelve men, one from each district to woo her. She'll pick one of the men to marry and then we'll hold a big Capitol wedding. We could probably move them into one of those old Victor's Village homes in the man's district. Every district has a few of those still around. We could do follow-ups over time. You know when they have their first baby and so on." Plutarch licked his lips. "That's not a bad idea. But what if the girl doesn't want any of the men?" Fulvia laughed. "It's not real. It's a television show. We'd script everything so we can control the outcome. She could pick the winner in advance of the show. Anyway, it's not like The Hunger Games wasn't rigged as well." "Don't I know it?" He snorted. He paused for a moment as he thought over her idea. "This sounds like the ideal show for women. But without mandatory viewing, what would entice men to watch a show like this? The woman would have to be pretty spectacular to hold the attention of male viewers." "Hum, nudity and sex would keep them riveted if we can get our girl to perform, although that may not be likely. Most of the women in the districts tend to be so inhibited. I suppose we could add some sports into the mix." "This is sounding a bit expensive, Fulvia. We don't have the same budgets we had in the past." "I have some ideas about how this entire show could fund itself, maybe even turn a profit, in addition to the advertising revenue. I can work up the numbers for you." Plutarch nodded. "I'd like to see that." He rubbed the side of his face. "Do you think it would be easy to find a girl willing to televise her love life to the entire nation? We can't reap people anymore. The new government won't allow it." "Lots of women would jump at the chance to have a dozen men throw themselves at them. And who would possibly object to an all-expenses-paid Capitol wedding? I know I would have liked it if someone had paid for one of my three weddings. If our girl is skittish though, I'm sure we can find some way to convince her to participate. Everyone has a price." "Better get someone from one of the worse off districts then, like Twelve for example," Plutarch said. "A girl from there would probably be flattered and go along with the idea more easily than someone from a better off district. Also our girl should have no prior attachments. We need to avoid complications, like jealous boyfriends or a scandalous past." "So, Plutarch, you want me to find a needle in a haystack," Fulvia laughed. "Sounds good, boss. I can book a hovercraft for tomorrow to head out to Twelve." "How are you planning to find our girl?" "Nose around the district, talk to the locals. It shouldn't be that difficult." xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Katniss Everdeen was returning from her Sunday hunt with her best friend Gale Hawthorne. They had a good haul today and she was grateful. It had been a harsh winter and spring had come late. She and her family had skipped meals on more than one occasion over the past several months. Even though the government of Panem had been overthrown three years ago, the country's new leaders hadn't done much to improve the lot of the people of District 12. Poverty still reigned and people from the Seam continued to be treated like second-class citizens by the district's merchant class. The best thing to come from the change in government was that The Hunger Games had ended. Katniss no longer had to fear that she or her sister Primrose would ever be reaped. The new government had also lifted the restrictions about leaving the confines of the district. People could freely travel freely now, although it was expensive so not many did. But the fence that separated District 12 from the forest beyond was no longer electrified because of the lifting of the restriction. This effectively ended the prohibition on hunting. Now Katniss and Gale could hunt and sell their game without threat of recrimination. Unfortunately, this also meant that more and more people were entering the woods to hunt. Game was getting scarce. Katniss and Gale had to travel deeper into the forest to find it. "Let's sell the squirrels to the baker," Katniss told Gale as they walked toward town. The baker was a steady customer, who often overpaid for the meat she provided by tossing in a loaf of bread along with some coins. Gale nodded. "We can take a rabbit each for our families and sell the rest to Sae." "Sound's good." They turned the corner into the square and headed for the back door of the bakery. They didn't dare come in the front. If the baker's wife saw them enter in the front of the shop, she'd kick them right out. She'd often complained about the stench of blood that emanated from the game bags each of them carried. She said it made the bakery reek. Katniss didn't mind. The baker's wife was a witch who was mean to everyone, including her own family. Katniss knocked on the door. Mr. Mellark, the baker, opened it. "Good morning Katniss, how many squirrels do you have today?" "Three." He motioned for her to come inside. Gale followed her into the warm kitchen that smelled of freshly baked bread. The room was filled with two long tables that were waist-high. A big oven stood on one wall. Shelves lined with glass jars filled with spices and other ingredients ran along another wall. Sacks of flour and sugar lay on the floor. Two of the baker's sons, Rye and Peeta were stationed at the tables rolling out dough. Katniss thought they might be making cookies because a few round cutters were nearby. Peeta, the younger son, glanced up at Katniss as she surveyed the kitchen. His blue eyes flitted away quickly as soon as he made eye contact. Katniss noticed his cheeks turn a slight tinge of pink, but she didn't have time to think about it because the baker was already returning from the front of the store where he'd grabbed a loaf of bread from behind the glass and some coins from the register to pay her. She put her hand out and Mr. Mellark dropped the coins into her palm. He handed her the loaf, which she tucked under her arm. "Thank you," she muttered. She was turning to leave when she heard a scream from the front of the shop. Katniss was so startled by the noise that she nearly dropped the loaf of bread. She turned back quickly to see Mr. Mellark, and both Peeta and Rye leap forward to run to the storefront. The baker's wife, who was working behind the counter, was having some sort of fit. Katniss turned back to look at Gale. "Let's go," she mouthed, not wanting to get caught up in this family drama. But Gale was leaning over her shoulder, curious to see what had made Mrs. Mellark scream. "Holy cow," Gale whistled. Katniss turned to see what he was looking at. It was a customer dressed in pink who had pink hair and pink skin. Tiny silver flowers were embedded into her cheeks. It was obvious this woman was from the Capitol. Her odd manner of dress was similar to the strange getups that Effie Trinket, the Capitol's representative who used to reap District 12 children for The Hunger Games , wore. However, even Effie hadn't tinted the color of her skin. "Can I help you?" Mr. Mellark inquired of the customer. His wife was too tongue-tied to get out a word. "Yes," the woman said. "I'd like two dozen of those big cookies, that large frosted cake, a dozen cheese buns, and a couple of loaves of wheat bread." Katniss gasped. It would cost a miner nearly a week's wages to order that much food. Whatever was this woman going to do with it? More importantly, why was she here in District 12? Rye and Peeta started to walk back into the kitchen. It was obvious their mother was fine and their father was taking care of the customer. Katniss jumped back, embarrassed that she and Gale were spying on them. Rye glanced at them curiously. "Aren't you finished? Do you need to talk to my dad?" "Yes, we're finished." Katniss blushed. "We're just leaving." She turned quickly and pushed Gale toward the back door, but not before noticing Peeta glare at his brother. As she and Gale exited, they heard Mrs. Mellark speaking loudly. "My son Peeta does all the cake decorating. Get in here Peeta," she yelled. When they were outside, Gale burst out. "Did you see that woman? She makes Effie Trinket look normal." "Why would someone from the Capitol be here in District 12?" Katniss wondered. "Maybe they're planning to reinstate The Hunger Games ." "Don't say that Gale, that's awful," Katniss hissed. A wave of fear washed over her. She was turning eighteen next month. If the games restarted, she'd be eligible for one last year. Her sister Prim, however, was only fourteen. "Let's walk around the front of the shop and check her out," Katniss suggested. "How will that give you any answers Catnip?" But Kantiss was already walking down the narrow alley