Chapter 1 In District Twelve It was unusual that the bakery would close mid-day. But today was different. The Mellark family had a visitor – all the way from the Capitol. Effie Trinket, a matchmaker from The Capitol Matchmaker's Group, had arrived to consult with Henry Mellark about finding a wife. She brought a photo book filled with pictures of unattached women. Peeta hoped that his dad would choose a bride that was more conservative than Miss Trinket, who stuck out like a sore thumb in District 12. It was impossible to guess the age of the woman who sat beside his father at the family's dining table. Garish-colored clothing, heavy make-up, and a golden wig hid the woman underneath it all. In a certain light she looked not much older than his own nineteen years, but then again she could be forty. His father thumbed quickly through the album, all the time muttering to himself. "He said she was here…he said..." Suddenly Henry stopped on a page. A smile came to his lips as he studied it carefully. "Yes, that's her. "Miss Trinket, this is the woman I want – Lily Everdeen." The Mellark family cat had been pacing the floor, but he jumped up onto the table at the very moment his master identified his wife-to-be. He came to Henry's side and rubbed up against his arm, as if to distract him. "Not now Buttercup." Henry gently lifted the cat up and placed him back onto the floor. "Let me see that." Twenty-one-year-old Rye, reached across the table and grabbed the book before his father could stop him. He turned it around so that he and Peeta could take a look. A grainy, color photograph of a woman stared back at the brothers. The middle-aged woman was attractive, with short blonde-hair and blue eyes, but Peeta detected sadness in her expression. "Why her?" he asked his father. To his youthful eyes she looked the same as every other housewife that frequented their family's bakery. "I know her." The excitement in their father's voice caused Rye to give Peeta a nervous glance. "Lily was born here," Henry continued. "We went to school together. I must confess I had a big crush on her back then. But I doubt she even noticed me. "Her parents ran the old apothecary. She married a fellow from the Seam and moved to District Two right after the wedding. The War for Independence from the Capitol had just ended and new job opportunities were opening up throughout the country." Peeta wished those same opportunities still existed so he could take advantage of them. Unfortunately the districts had ended their open door policy years ago when immigration grew lopsided. Seems everyone wanted to live in the nicer, better-off districts, and the residents of those districts didn't like the outsiders taking their jobs. "It sounds like we have a match for you then." Effie pulled a clipboard and a pen out of the briefcase by her side. "Could I see that page please?" Rye turned the book around and shoved it back towards the matchmaker. Effie began writing, but suddenly set her pen down and frowned. "Oh, dear, I wish I'd noticed this sooner." She threw Henry an apologetic look. "I'm afraid this page is out-of-date. Lily Everdeen registered with our company six years ago. The chances that she's still available are very slim. "Oh, I wish corporate would keep these books properly updated," she muttered. A glum expression came over Henry. "But you will look into it, Miss Trinket won't you? Lily and I are the same age. The other women in this book are much too young for me. I'm not looking to start a second family. I just want someone to grow old with." A determined look came over Effie Trinket. She cleared her throat. "I most certainly will, Mr. Mellark. If Lily Everdeen is still available and willing, she shall be your bride. I promise it." Effie turned the page over to study the information on the back of the photo. "It mentions that she has children, though, two daughters. Judging from the date when she applied, I'm guessing the oldest would be about nineteen now, and the younger one fifteen. Would that be a problem?" "No." Henry looked across the table to his sons. "Haven't you always wanted sisters?" Rye hooted. "Can't say I have Dad." "The older one might be married by now anyway," Effie pointed out. Henry turned back to the matchmaker. "Lily Everdeen's daughters are welcome here if she wants to bring them. Peeta could move into Rye's room and the girls could take Peeta's room. Rye groaned. "Hell no, Dad. Peeta yells in his sleep." Peeta glared at his brother. "We'll talk about it later son, let's not bother Miss Trinket with our family business." "Oh, I've got to be going, anyway" the woman said. "Haymitch Abernathy is expecting me at Victor's Village." She closed the album, picked it up, and set it into her briefcase. "The Mockingjay is looking for a wife?" Rye chortled. "Who would marry him? Didn't the war mess him up real bad?" Effie Trinket slammed her briefcase shut. Her mouth formed into a thin, angry line. Henry glared at Rye. "That's none of your business son. Haymitch Abernathy has had a complicated life being the last victor of The Hunger Games and the linchpin for the War of Independence. He deserves to be happy too." Henry looked to the matchmaker. "I'm so sorry for my son's rudeness. Haymitch and I go way back. We went to school together. He's a good man." Effie gave Henry a small smile. "He is." "I hope to hear from you soon," Henry said as he led her downstairs to see her out. The argument started when he came back upstairs. "Why do you need to get re-married anyway?" Rye asked. "If you're looking for a good time, there are plenty of women in Twelve who'd be willing to give you one." Henry's face went red. "I'm looking for far more than a good time , Rye. I'm looking for a wife . A companion. Something you ought to be considering as well. It's time you settled down instead of gallivanting around. You should be looking for a girl who could help you run this bakery when I'm too old to do it." Rye rolled his eyes. "Don't worry about me, Dad. I'll settle down one day. I'm just having a little fun right now." He shook his head at his father. "But honestly, why call in The Capitol Matchmaker's Group? That outfit can't be cheap." "There's no one in Twelve that interests me, and believe me, I've noticed every available, unmarried woman in this district." Peeta's jaw dropped at his father's words. He never would have guessed that about his dad. He sounded as bad as Rye. "And the financing of it is none of your business either." "But…" "I'm not discussing this any longer, you're giving me a headache," Henry cut in. "Now go downstairs and turn over that `closed' sign on the door. We need to get back to work." Peeta walked over to the small table in the back corner of the bakery's kitchen. He sat on a stool, creating flowers that would be used to adorn a toasting cake. He loved baking and was more talented than his father and his brother combined, but there was no future for him at the bakery. The eldest son was the heir to a family's business, leaving the other sons scrambling to find employment. When their mother and oldest brother Phyl died in an explosion at the train station three years earlier, Rye's future had been ensured. He'd automatically gone to the front of the line as heir apparent. "So what do you think of her?" Peeta startled as his brother came up behind him hissing. "Who?" "Lily Everdeen." "I don't know. Six years is a long time. She's probably married to someone else by now." "But what if she isn't? I sure don't want a stepmother." Rye caught his eye and Peeta could read his thoughts. Cause our real mother was bad enough. Their mother had been plain mean to all of them, her husband included. It made Peeta wonder why his Dad would even want another wife. But perhaps he was hoping for someone better this time around. And if he found the girl he'd had a crush on in school… "And I sure don't want any sisters either," Rye added. A sly smile suddenly appeared on his face. "Although that's something I've never had the opportunity to explore." "You're vile," Peeta said, bumping his shoulder into his brother's chest. "Now let me be. I have to finish these flowers." Rye left and Peeta shuddered at the thought of his brother taking advantage of their step-siblings, although he wouldn't put it past him. Ever since their mother's death, Rye had garnered the reputation of a womanizer in Twelve. He'd taken so many girls to the slag heap that if Peeta ever were to marry, he'd have a hard time finding a girl who hadn't shared at least a few kisses with his brother. Peeta might have cared about it once, but after losing the lower portion of his left leg in the same explosion that killed his mother and brother, he'd given up expecting much of a future. Who would hire a cripple? What girl would marry one? If he were very lucky, perhaps Rye would let him stay on at the bakery after their father retired and he took charge. Maybe Peeta could put a cot in the tiny office to sleep. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx In District Two Lily Everdeen read the letter in her hand, a look of relief appearing on her face. All the tension of the past few weeks was gone. She set it down as she coughed into her bent elbow. Katniss stood in the doorway watching her mother and wondering who had written. She grabbed the bottle of medicine and a spoon as her mother's hacking escalated. Lily had developed a nasty cough a few months ago. None of her homeopathic remedies had worked to stop it. Reluctantly, she'd visited a licensed doctor who had been trained in the Capitol. When Katniss had questioned her about the diagnosis she'd showed Katniss a bottle of medicine. "He said this might help." In Katniss' opinion, the medicine was worthless. If anything, her mother's health had worsened. Once her mother stopped coughing, she turned to Katniss, her face growing solemn. "We need to talk before Prim gets home from school." The serious tone in her mother's voice caused a shiver to run down Katniss' back. She sat down across from her. Lily picked up the letter. "I've had an offer of marriage from a man I went to school with in District Twelve. I've decided to accept it." "What?" It was the last thing Katniss could have imagined. She reached for the letter. Three train tickets were attached to it. What had her mother done? She read quickly. I'm glad you've accepted my offer. I've been widowed for three years now and am very lonely. My grown sons, Rye and Peeta are excited to meet you and your daughters. Twelve has changed so much since you left Lily. You'll hardly recognize it. I know we will be happy together. Furious, Katniss set down the letter. "How did this come about?" Her mother burst into another fit of coughing. Katniss stood up to get her some water. Once Lily was breathing freely again, she explained. "Two years after your father died, I registered my name with The Capitol Matchmakers Group. I knew it was a long shot that I'd get selected because I was older and had you and Prim. But the business wasn't doing very well at that point and I thought if I could remarry we'd all be better off." If