Chapter 1 "I doubt Uncle Haymitch will even last a year," Prim murmured, nodding toward their uncle who sat with his head in his hands in the waiting area of the funeral home. "Especially if he starts drinking again." "It's a wonder he stopped," Katniss said. "He told me he quit when Aunt Effie was diagnosed. But now that she's gone, well who knows." Poor Uncle Haymitch. Widowed after forty-five years of marriage. No children to take care of him. Katniss and her sister Prim were his only living relatives. But the sisters lived in Panem City, on the other side of the state. "We can't leave him by himself," Katniss said. "Do you think he'd be willing to sell the house and move closer to us?" "We can ask. But I doubt it. He's been living here forever." xxxxxxxxxxxxxx They talked to him the evening after the funeral. He refused their suggestion outright. "I'm not moving away from Dandelion, not with Effie buried in the cemetery." "What are we going to do?" Katniss whispered in the darkened guest room. She and her sister had had many bedtime conversations in this very room when they visited their aunt and uncle for a month every summer during their growing up years. It was still decorated exactly the same, too. Frilly white lace curtains, twin beds covered with pink chenille bedspreads, and a small mahogany dresser. "There's nothing we can do," Prim answered. "We can't force him to move, and we certainly can't uproot our own lives." Katniss punched at the lumpy pillow that must have been thirty years old, trying to get comfortable. It was true that Prim couldn't uproot her life. Other people were involved, like her husband Rory and the surgeons in the medical practice in which she worked. But Katniss couldn't say the same because she didn't have any person that kept her tied to Panem City. And unlike her sister, her corporate job as Seneca Crane's administrative assistant wasn't a career; it was just a way to pay the bills. In fact, her schedule would open up next month when she finished the night class she was taking at the local university. She'd returned to school last fall. But it would be years before she earned a degree. "He's seventy years old. What if something happens?" "Katniss, you better not be thinking about quitting your job to move here and take care of Uncle Haymitch." "What?" "I'm serious. You turned forty last week. It's high time you started living for yourself and not for everyone else. You gave up on college to take care of Mom and me after Dad died. You gave up on a future with Darius to make Mom's last days easier. "Now you're finally doing something to improve yourself by going back to school. Don't throw it all away to take care of an old man who gave up on himself years ago." "Is that what you think of my life? That I've wasted it?" "I'm sorry if it came out that way. But I'm tired of seeing you sacrifice for everyone else. You've made a lifestyle out of caretaking. Don't you think it bothers me to see my sister end up alone. All you need is a cat or two." "You don't have to go on. I get the message." "Good. Let's get some sleep. Before we leave tomorrow, I'll make some calls. There's got to be some local agency for seniors that could help Uncle Haymitch, maybe bring him meals and send in someone to keep his house clean." It wasn't long before her sister was snoring. But Katniss couldn't sleep. Prim's words stung. Katniss had been happy to take care of her family when they needed help. But maybe it was a mistake because now she was forty and had nothing to show for it. She hadn't had a boyfriend or even a date for that matter in over five years, ever since Darius had taken that job on the other side of the country. He'd wanted her to join him, but her mother had been diagnosed with cancer and was beginning treatment. Katniss couldn't abandon her. She'd later heard that Darius had married. He probably had some kids by now. And weirdly enough, she had been thinking about getting a cat for companionship. Still she couldn't help but worry about Uncle Haymitch. Could he make it alone without Aunt Effie by his side? xxxxxxxxxxxx While Prim made phone calls the next morning, Katniss decided to go a step further and talk to some of the neighbors. Her aunt and her uncle had lived in their house almost as long as they'd been married. They'd been friends with their neighbors when they were younger, but over the years those people had moved away. Clearly they didn't interact with anyone who lived there now as none of the neighbors had even attended Aunt Effie's funeral. Katniss walked over to the house next door. It was small and box-like, the same as her uncle's, and was painted a warm apricot color. The lawn was freshly mowed, although a few yellow dandelions had already sprung up in the middle of the grass. No one answered when she knocked. The owner must be at work. But after knocking at several doors, it seemed all of her uncle's neighbors were out. Disappointed, she crossed the street to try the two-story clapboard house - the fanciest one on the block. She climbed the steps to the wrap-around porch and walked up to the polished wooden door. As a child Katniss had always fantasized about living in this house with its cozy, old-fashioned charm. What would it be like? To her surprise, the door opened before she could even knock. "Can I help you?" A tiny, elderly woman, old enough to be Uncle Haymitch's mother, stood in the doorway. "I'm Katniss Everdeen. My uncle, Haymitch Abernathy, lives across the street. His wife Effie died a few days ago." "Effie died?" The woman's face fell. "I had no idea. Why don't you come in and tell me all about it. I'm Mags Brown, by the way." Mags opened the door wider and Katniss followed her in, noticing the shiny hardwood floors and antique furniture. The interior looked like something from a magazine. "I only came home last week," Mags said. "I've been staying at my nephew's house." While they drank tea at the kitchen table, Katniss explained the reason for her errand. "I'd be happy to keep an eye on your uncle, but the thing is I won't be around for long. I'm leaving in a couple of days to go on a cruise, and afterwards I'll be staying in Ireland for a few months to visit my late husband's dear cousins. "You might want to talk to Peeta Mellark, though, and ask for his help. He's a good person. He shoveled the snow from a lot of our driveways last December." "Peeta Mellark? Who's he?" "Why he lives right next door to your uncle in that peach-colored house." "I knocked at his door. I guess he's not home." "He owns a bakery, and I believe he leaves for work before sunrise. Leave a note on his door and let him know about Haymitch. I'm sure he'll be happy to help out." Thankful for the information, Katniss left Mags' house, and returned to Peeta's, leaving a note that explained the situation. At the bottom she put her name and phone number in case of emergency; then she tucked the note under the knocker on his front door. She returned to her uncle's house to learn that Prim had been equally successful, arranging for meal deliveries and a cleaning lady. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx "You didn't need to do all this," Uncle Haymitch said, as the sisters packed their suitcases to return home. "I can take care of myself just fine." "It's already done Uncle Haymitch." Katniss zipped her bag shut. The two sisters discussed the situation on the car ride back to Panem City. "I'll call regularly and check up on him," Katniss said. "I can also come back and visit this summer. I have a lot of vacation time saved up." Prim frowned. "No Katniss. Use your vacation for yourself. Go to a tropical resort. Maybe you'll meet someone." Katniss snorted. "Men my age aren't looking for forty-year-old women. You and I both know they want women twenty years younger than them. Someone who can give them children. I'm too old Prim." "So you're too old to have kids. Not all men want them. Besides you look great for your age." xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx At 9 p.m. that evening, Katniss' cell phone rang. The number looked unfamiliar, but the area code indicated that the call came from the Dandelion. A momentary panic rose within her. Had something happened to Uncle Haymitch? "Hello?" "Hi, I'm Peeta Mellark. You left a note on my door with your phone number." The man's voice was warm and friendly. Immediately Katniss formed a mental picture of him in her head. Tall. Handsome. Wavy hair. A ready smile. "I'm sorry to be calling so late, but I just got home from work." Was Mags right that he'd been at work since sun up? What a long day. "I'm sorry to hear that Effie died. I hadn't seen either of them for a quite a while. But then I work long hours. "I'll be happy to check in with your uncle every couple of days to be sure he's all right." Every couple of days? That was far more than Katniss had expected. "That would be wonderful Mr. Mellark." "Call me Peeta." "Thank you so much Peeta. My sister Prim and I are worried about him. Prim arranged for meals to be delivered and for a cleaning woman to come in. I also talked to Mags Brown who lives in that big house across the street. She's the one who told me to leave a note on your door." "Mags is a nice lady, but she's travels a lot. She's hardly ever home." "Well, thanks for helping out. My sister and I appreciate it." "It's no problem." The call ended and Katniss was relieved that everything was going so smoothly. As she fell asleep that night she wondered about Peeta Mellark. He sounded so kind. When she returned to work, she met with her boss, Seneca Crane to ask for a week of vacation at the beginning of July. "You just took a vacation," he growled. "I need to check up on my uncle to see how he's doing," she defended herself. It was none of Seneca's business what she did on her time off. "I'll have to think about it. I'll let you know later." xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx The next month passed quickly because Katniss' schedule was full. Work, and class two nights a week. Plus all the reading and studying she needed to do to prepare for her final. It would have been easy to forget about Uncle Haymitch, if it hadn't been for Peeta Mellark. Every other evening, promptly at 8 p.m., Peeta called Katniss to tell her how Uncle Haymitch was doing. The details he provided about her uncle were informative, but that was only the appetizer to their conversation. The real meat lay in their exchange of personal information. Peeta was such an engaging conversationalist that Katniss found herself revealing more than she normally would to a stranger she'd never even met . She told him about the petty occurrences of her job and the difficulties of earning a degree in midlife. In turn, he told her about his bakery and how he'd recently joined a gym. After the call ended, Katniss went over the conversation in her mind, pondering every revelation Peeta provided to try to paint a picture of him. She'd recently learned that they were both forty. Still so many pieces were missing. What did Peeta look like? If he went to the