Boundless As The Plains A world of grass and flowers stretched around me, rising and falling in gentle undulations, as if an enchanter had struck the ocean swell, and it was at rest forever… Eliza Steel, Summer Journey in the West (1840) Nebraska Territory, February 1860 Chapter 1 "Are you hungry?" the bespectacled man asked, his dark eyebrows rising above the round wire frames. Katniss Everdeen nodded. Hungry, cold, and tired. The bouncing of the stagecoach over the icy ground made her head ache. "Mellark Ranch is just a little farther. It's a swing station so the driver will stop there to change horses, and we can get out and stretch our legs. It's also a trading post, but hopefully they'll feed us. Meals are supposed to be included with the stage ticket." The middle-aged man turned away to stare out the window of the carriage at the broad, meandering Platte River. The twenty-three year-old woman absentmindedly fingered the ties of the bonnet fastened under her chin, and looked out the other window to watch the early morning light dance across the frozen grassland. It seemed liked she'd been traveling forever to get to her cousin Gale's homestead in Nebraska Territory. She'd left Panem, Illinois, by train days ago. Then in St. Joseph, Missouri, she'd boarded the stagecoach in which she was currently riding. At present the only other passenger was Mr. Latier, or Beetee as he insisted she call him. He didn't speak much, but from his brief exchanges with the other passengers who had already gotten off at stops along the way, she gathered that he worked in a government office back East. Katniss was glad for her companion's silence because she was in no mood for conversation. She'd spent the entire journey ruminating over the recent tragedy in her life. Five months earlier her parents and sister had died in a fire when her family's home had burned down. Fortunately or unfortunately, Katniss' opinion on the matter varied depending on her mood, she had been spared. She'd been away when the fire occurred, helping her friend Annie who had given birth to a son. Trained by her mother, Katniss was a midwife and all-round healer, someone poorer folks called upon when they didn't have the money to pay for an educated doctor. Everyone in her hometown of Panem had rallied around Katniss after the tragedy. Annie and her husband Finnick had suggested that she stay with them permanently. But gracious as their offer was Katniss knew the married couple didn't need a young, single woman living with them. Finnick was the town's minister and his good looks had already caused enough of a concern among certain congregants. She didn't want to add to the gossip. She'd even gotten one marriage proposal. But she'd quickly dismissed it. She had no desire to marry a man old enough to be her father. Especially when it became apparent that Thaddeus Cray was only interested in her family's land. Instead she sold it to him with its burned down farmhouse, and took up her cousin Gale's offer to come west. She and Gale had been close when they were young. But now he was a twenty-five year old man with a pregnant wife named Madge, who Katniss had never even met. The driver called out to the horses. The stagecoach slowed and then came to a stop. "We're here," Beetee said. "We're at Mellark Ranch." He reached for the knob on the inside of the coach and opened the door, jumping to the ground. He turned around, reached for Katniss' arm, and helped her climb out of the cab. A decent-sized sod house stood in front of them. It had no windows, but the door was propped open, likely to bring in light. Near to it was a smaller sod building. A tall man came out of the house, his shaggy blonde hair hanging around his face, which was covered with a thick beard of the same pale color. "Welcome to Mellark Ranch," the man greeted Katniss and Beetee. "I'm Rye Mellark. My brother Peeta…" He looked around and frowned. "Well, he's around here somewhere. "There's water for you over there," Rye nodded to a pump handle where a tin cup hung, "and the privy is yonder," he pointed to a small wooden structure set a fair distance behind the sod house. "We'll feed you inside the house where you can peruse the finest selection of Indian wares from the Sioux and Cheyenne." He winked at Betee. "We also sell the best whiskey west of Ft. Kearny." "Take your time and stretch your legs," the driver told Beetee and Katniss. "We'll be here until I get these horses changed out." To the right of the house was a fenced area that had a covered enclosure. A dozen horses were milling about. Four of those horses would replace the ones that had been pulling the stagecoach. After using the privy, Katniss walked back to the sod house, stood in the doorway, and peered inside. A cast iron stove was at one end. A large stewpot sat on top of it. A long table flanked by benches at both sides stood in the center. It was clear that bachelors resided here. No decent woman would live in such a state. The Indian wares of which Rye had spoken, skins, robes, and moccasins, were lying in a heap in the corner of the room. Clothing, blankets, assorted cooking utensils, and even sacks of flour, sugar, salt, and beans, were lying against the dirt walls in a scattered fashion. An open trunk was filled with bottles of whiskey. "Excuse me," a voice behind her called. Katniss stepped aside and a man walked past her to enter the house, his broad shoulder brushing against hers, the touch startling her. He went to the stove and lifted the lid for a moment, then dropped it immediately, yelping. He blew on his hand and then reached for a sock that was lying on the floor. Using it as a potholder he picked up the lid again to peer at the stew. The aroma of the hearty broth filled the room. "Are you hungry?" he asked as he turned to face Katniss. He gave her a shy smile that seemed so genuinely sweet that unexpected warmth rushed through her. Her heart beat a little faster as she took in his pleasant appearance. He was medium height, clean-shaven with ash-colored hair that was longish but curled around his face. His bright blue eyes were lively. She had the strangest feeling that he could see right through her, which made her nervous. This must be Peeta, Katniss thought. She was hungry, but as she peered around the house she was hesitant to ask for anything. None of the dishes on the table even looked clean. Peeta noticed her meticulous appraisal and his cheeks turned pink. "Sorry for the mess. My brother and I aren't the best housekeepers." He cleared a space at the table for her. "Sit down, I'll wash a bowl and a spoon for you under the pump, and get you some stew." Reluctantly Katniss sat down on the bench, pushing aside a discarded shirt. Despite the cold outside, the sod house was surprisingly warm. She removed her wool cloak and bonnet, setting both beside her. Peeta picked up an empty bowl and spoon from the table and rushed outside. He soon returned and scooped a large portion of stew into the bowl and stood the spoon up in it. "Be careful, it's hot," he said, as he placed the thick broth filled with potatoes and carrots and tiny shreds of some kind of meat before her. She took a tiny spoonful and blew on it before putting it into her mouth. "Thank you," she murmured after swallowing it. "It's very tasty." He sat down on the bench across from her and caught her eye. "I'm Peeta Mellark. I guess you already met my brother Rye." "I did." He pursed his lips and blew on his burned hand. Katniss could tell it hurt. "You know if you have some egg white you could put it on that burn to help it heal." "We don't have any chickens at present, Miss…" Peeta paused. Katniss knew he was fishing for her name. She should introduce herself; it was only polite. "I'm Katniss Everdeen." She took another spoonful, hoping to avoid any further conversation because she wasn't very good at it. "So Katniss, where are you headed?" Inwardly Katniss groaned. A few spoonfuls of the stew and her mouth was crying for more. But it was hot. She guessed she could make small talk with Peeta for a few minutes while the food cooled. She set her spoon to the side of the bowl. "To my cousin's house. I should be there by nightfall." Peeta nodded. He didn't ask about the reason for her visit, and for that she was grateful. She didn't want to talk about her life with a stranger. Katniss picked up her spoon and began to eat. From behind her she heard others in the doorway. "Peeta, get some stew for Mr. Latier here," Rye barked. Peeta sprang up, located another dirty bowl and spoon and headed outside to rinse them under the pump. "Have a seat," Rye told Beetee. Her fellow passenger sat down across from Katniss where Peeta had sat. Once he was served, the two Mellark brothers stood and watched them eat. "It's very good," Beetee complimented them. "Far better than the slop they served us at some of the other stage stops." Beetee stopped to catch Katniss' eye. She smiled back in agreement. "Peeta made it," Rye admitted. "He's a great cook. You should taste his bread. He'll make someone a fine wife." Peeta flushed, and Katniss found herself oddly irritated at Rye's joke about his brother. The driver entered the house. "I'd like some stew, too." Peeta picked up another bowl and spoon and headed outside. While the driver joined Katniss and Beetee at the table, Rye regaled them with the latest news. "The stage line is starting up an express mail service in a couple of months and we've been asked to participate," he bragged. "They're planning to deliver the mail across the United States in ten days instead of the month it takes now." The driver's eyes narrowed. "How is that going to work exactly? I already carry mail on the stage." "Mail from New York and all points west can only go as far as St. Joseph, Missouri by train," Rye explained. "The idea is to set up a relay of horseback riders every 75 to 100 miles across the country to hand off the mail to each other all the way to San Francisco. It's going to be called the Pony Express." The driver lifted his head from the bowl Peeta had set in front of him. "I don't believe it can be done," he pronounced. "Well, your bosses think it's going to work," Rye countered. "They've already divided the country into five divisions and hired managers for each division to set up stations. Haymitch Abernathy who is in charge of Division Two was here yesterday to offer us the chance to be a home station." "A home station. What's that?" the driver asked. "We'll house a couple of riders, one to ride west, one to ride east, as well as some horses for them." Katniss looked around the room. How would they house riders here? The sod house looked to be full up already. Rye must have noticed her puzzled expression because he directed his next comment to her. "Peet and I have our work cut out for us. We'll have to build living quarters to accommodate the riders and expand our corral for the extra horses." "When does this all start?" Beetee asked. "The beginning of April." The driver snorted. "That's only two months away. The whole