I do not own The Hunger Games, or its characters. "I can't believe it Prim," Katniss said, as she sat on the leather sofa. "He can't be dead. I spoke with Gale last night and he…" Her face crumpled. "You'll get through this Katniss," her sister said. "I'll help you." Thirty-year-old Katniss Hawthorne had been getting ready to go to work at her job as the assistant manager of a Seattle sporting goods store a couple of hours earlier when the shrill ring of her phone sounded. She turned off the water, stepped out of the tiled shower and grabbed a towel, before picking up her cell phone that was sitting on the granite countertop. She didn't recognize the calling number but she suspected it was her husband Gale. He was in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico, for a charter-fishing trip with some friends. He was probably calling to say he'd lost his cell phone again. He'd done that a couple of times in recent months. He kept setting it down and walking off. Instead it was his friend Thom. "Katniss I have some bad news," he sobbed. "Gale fell overboard and we can't find him." Tom was crying and Katniss froze in shock. "What?" she questioned. How could that even be possible? Gale was an excellent swimmer. Even if he'd fallen overboard he'd certainly be able to stay afloat until he was rescued. A thought suddenly occurred. Could he be drunk? Maybe they all were? But it was only 10 a.m. in Cabo now. A million thoughts rushed through her head. Thom continued to choke out an explanation. "Gale was at the back of the boat with Bristel when it happened. Bristel told us and the captain brought the boat around but we couldn't find him at all. He just vanished Katniss." Katniss felt her brain disconnect from her body. Was this really happening? Maybe she could set down the phone and hop back into the shower and the whole thing would go away. "Is Bristel there? Can I talk to him?" Katniss tightened her grip on the phone. "He's not here right now," Thom said. "He's with the captain talking to the authorities." "Wait." Her brain froze. "Where are you guys?" "We're back on shore," Thom explained. "We searched for Gale for almost an hour but we couldn't find him so we turned back and headed for shore." "You left him floating out there in the ocean?" she screamed. "Katniss, we couldn't see him anywhere. There were ten guys on the boat. We never saw him at all." Terror washed over her. Her heart was racing. Her head began to spin and she reached for the side of the counter to hold on so she wouldn't fall down. Her breathing grew shallow. After a couple of minutes of silence she heard a voice, "Kantiss are you still there?" "Yes," she mumbled. "I'll call you back when we know more," Thom said suddenly. The phone went dead. "When you know more," she muttered to herself. What more could he know? Did he think Gale had swum to shore and was sitting in a beachfront bar downing a Corona? No, he was probably still floating in the Pacific Ocean cursing his friends for abandoning him to drown. Unless he'd been eaten by a shark? A tiny sound formed in the back of her throat. She began to hyperventilate. I need to call Prim she thought. Katniss sat down on the closed toilet seat and dialed her sister's number, but when Prim answered she couldn't say a word. "Katniss, are you there?" her twenty-six-year-old sister asked. "Are you butt dialing me again?" A few unintelligible squeaks left Katniss' mouth The phone went dead. Frustrated she dialed Prim's number again. "Are you there Katniss?" she heard Prim say. "Yes," she murmured. She took a deep breath before she spoke. "Prim I need you. Gale's…he might be dead." "I'll be right there," her sister said. Katniss stared at the wall. Could this really be happening to her? It was like something out of a story, like something she herself would write into a story. It couldn't be real. Her mind raced until she heard a banging on the front door. Could it be Prim already? How did she get here so fast? Katniss checked the time on her phone. She'd been sitting in the bathroom for nearly 30 minutes. How had she lost track of time? Was she going crazy? She stood up, securing the towel around her body, which was completely dry now and made her way to the door. She looked through the peephole. Prim was standing in front. Her face was grim. Katniss quickly unlocked the door and her sister pushed in. "Oh Katniss," Prim cried, as she threw her arms around her sister. "What happened?" The two women walked over to the leather couch and sat down. After Katniss had haltingly told Prim about the phone call, both held each other while Katniss cried for a few minutes. "Did you call Hazelle?" Prim asked, wiping the tears from her sister's face with the edge of Katniss' towel. "I only called you." Katniss glanced down at the phone in her hand checking the time. "Damn, I'm late for work." "Give that to me," Prim said, taking the phone from her hand. "I'll call in for you." Prim searched Katniss' contacts and called her sister's boss Haymitch Abernathy and explained about Gale's disappearance. She held the phone out so Katniss could hear her boss' comments. "Tell sweetheart I'm sorry. She can take the week off to take care of things. Let me know what arrangements you make." Prim put the phone to her ear. "We will," she said, before ending the call. "You need to call Hazelle," Prim said. Kantiss frowned. Her mother-in-law had gotten remarried a few years ago to a wealthy businessman, the owner of a chain of laundromats. The couple spent most of their time traveling. Katniss had no idea where or what time zone they were even in right now. "I'd call her for you," Prim said, "but it's probably not a good idea. We haven't spoken since…" Her voice dropped off and Katniss squeezed her sister's hand. Prim had been engaged to Gale's brother Rory for a few months last year, until she had discovered Rory in bed with a co-worker. Prim had flipped out and destroyed most of their apartment, as well as attacking the woman and cutting off her long red hair with a scissor. Neighbors had called the police, Prim was arrested, and Katniss had to bail her out of jail. Of course the Hawthorne family had taken Rory's side. Katniss and Gale had even gotten into a big fight over the incident. But that was last year. Prim had moved on and was now happily living with Thresh, a handsome hulk of a man. She'd told Katniss, she been drawn to Thresh initially because of his height and his muscles. She'd been looking for someone who would intimidate Rory and could handily kick his ass if necessary. But Thresh turned out to be great guy with a funny personality. "Rory really did me a favor," Prim admitted to Katniss the last time they'd rehashed the failed engagement. "Thresh is a far nice and kinder person than Rory ever was. Plus he's way better in bed." "I don't need to know that," Katniss blushed. Her sister had dated a lot over the years and had been quite descriptive in detailing her many boyfriends' peculiarities. While she didn't like knowing about her sister's amorous proclivities, the information had come in handy as some of those tidbits found their way into the steamy stories Katniss wrote in her spare time. Katniss, on the other hand, had barely dated. She'd always been the girl who had her nose in a book. When Prim questioned her about it once, Katniss had jokingly said, "I only date fictional characters. In my head." She'd met Gale Hawthorne when he had come into her store to buy a new bow. He'd left with her phone number and a promise that she'd meet him at Starbucks when her shift ended. Within six months they were married. Gale, who was two years older than her, was a busy man, a rising star at a large software company. He made lots of money and had stock options, as well. Less than a year after they were married they'd already purchased a large home. "Quit your job," he told Katniss. "I make more than enough money for both of us. Stay home and write the great American novel. Not that crap you've been working on." Katniss flinched at his insult. She'd always dreamed of being a writer and had nearly a dozen original short stories and a couple of half-finished novels on her computer's hard drive before she'd even graduated from college. But it wasn't until she started writing fan fiction, using other writer's characters to tell a story, that she'd finally got some recognition. It wasn't long before people all over the world were reading her stories and giving her lovely reviews. She'd be damned if she'd give it up just because he didn't approve. With Gale's promotions came the need for him to travel for work. Katniss didn't mind, though. When Gale was gone she could write through the night if she wanted. Her life fell into a routine. Working at the sporting goods store by day, writing in the evenings when Gale was watching t.v., or surfing the internet, or playing some online game. Thom called Katniss later that evening. A number of boats had been sent out but there was no sign of Gale. The trip was cut short, and the group was returning to Seattle. "I need to book a trip to Cabo," Katniss told Prim. "Why Katniss? Are you going to search for Gale yourself? Do you think he's floating on the waves waiting for you?" "Prim that is so harsh," she cried. "Sorry, but it's the truth. You might as well accept it." xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx The next few days went by in a blur. Prim took some time off her nursing job and stayed with Katniss. Thresh brought the sisters takeout while Katniss made phone calls. They scheduled a memorial service for a couple of weeks later; it was the only time Hazelle was able to attend. "You need to be there," Prim told Thresh. "I need Rory to see you with me." Thresh laughed in his easy-going manner. The memorial service was a grim affair. Between trying to make small talk with Gale's co-workers and keeping Prim away from Rory, Katniss was drained. She went home, took off her clothes, turned off her phone, and went to bed. Four days later she got up and checked her phone. There were many calls and texts from Haymitch and Prim, and even one from her estranged mother. She scowled. She hadn't eaten in days and the room spun as she made her way into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator. It was filled with leftover takeout food nearly a week old, hardly appetizing and probably unsafe to eat. She noticed a paper sack and pulled out a hardened donut. She put the donut into the microwave for ten seconds to soften it up, and then took a bite. She wondered if she even had a job anymore. Haymitch had attended the memorial service and had questioned her about when she planned to return to work. She'd been vague in her reply, but she could tell he was frustrated. At that point she'd missed two weeks of work. Now it was closer to three weeks. She took a shower before returning her calls. Haymitch was livid. "If you want to keep your job, I need you in here tomorrow morning." Prim was angry, as well. "I understand if you're grieving. But it's like you dropped off the face of the earth.