A/N: For Qwerty Kirby! Happy Birthday! This was supposed to be a one-shot but (as usual) I got carried away. Part II will be up soon! :3 Will Solace was many things. He had been called proud, prim, and perfectionistic. He liked an order to things, liked being able to solve a problem no one else could, liked piecing together a long puzzle that left others scratching their heads. He didn't mind sitting down and reading a nice book on the weekends just as much as he didn't mind it if that book so happened to be a dry, brain-numbing medical text full of Latin terms and diagnoses. He had wanted to work in a hospital ever since he had been born in one. There was something poetic about it; beginning and ending in the same place. A complete circle, a complete journey around the clock. His parents were proud when he was accepted to his first-choice university. Both of them were established doctors, progressing medical research years into the future, so it was only natural for Will to follow in their footsteps. His life was a straight, neat little line which was ever-stretching forward – clear and clean. An arrow which had been broken in half the moment a young man walked into his art history class twenty minutes late and sat down at the seat diagonal from him. Will glared at the newcomer the whole time he bustled past other students to reach the seat. It was the third week! How could he still be late by the third week? Had he even made an attempt to be on time? He glanced over at the yawning man, who seemed to have not brought along any paper or pencils. His hair was black, darker than a raven, with messy, careless tufts blown out in all directions. He was ghostly white against his dark clothing. Black jeans with holes frayed all over, black t-shirt with some rather offensive words emblazoned on the front, converses falling apart, and Will honestly couldn't tell whether there was makeup under his eyes or if it was simply dark bags. His ears were pierced with several metal rings and studs, and Will's eyes widened when he realized his lip was pierced as well. The man's t-shirt revealed his tattoos – a complete sleeve on his left arm while his right arm had several smaller ones. Will could spot a line of ink peeking out just above his collarbone. Good luck getting a job one day, Will thought immediately. Between the devil-may-care attitude and the devil-is-my-roommate appearance, Will figured he was just another punk and left it at that. It wasn't until he'd accidentally caught the back of the punk's shoe on his way out that he even spoke to him at all. "Ah, sorry!" he squeaked, flinching at how quickly the other man spun around, as if prepping himself for a fight. Their eyes met; Will staring fearfully into the dark pools of obsidian. Something strange happened to Will's chest right then. If he didn't know any better, he would say he would be going into some sort of cardiac distress. When he seemed to decide that Will wasn't a threat, he huffed and crossed his arms. "It's fine," he muttered and hello accent. The man was gone before Will could recover. Quickly, Will shook himself and hurried back to his dorm, pretending that those eyes hadn't had that sort of effect on him at all. He was out eating with some friends when he learned his name. "Here comes Nico di Angelo. God, doesn't he ever smile?" Lou Ellen muttered into her sandwich. Will glanced up. "Who?" She gestured with her free hand to a few tables down, where three boys were sitting. Will almost choked on his soda when he spotted the punk from his art history class. He looked less threatening when he was squashed between two normal-looking guys, almost cute with the way his nose wrinkled in distaste as the boy beside him drank something unnaturally blue. "The kid in the black. I went to high school with him. He used to be a big dork but now he's the poster child for emo music." "Any reason?" his friend Cecil asked. Lou Ellen shrugged. "I heard someone in his family passed away, but he never talked about it. All I know is he left school for a few weeks and everyone barely recognized him when he came back. Pretty sure he came out last summer." Will's heart constricted again as he watched the raven-haired punk across the hall. Nico di Angelo. Just as he thought the name, Nico glanced up suddenly and their gaze met. Nico looked away immediately but Will just stared, frowning. During their next art history class, Will sat behind Nico, trying to tell himself that it was only because it would be easier to see the board since the boy was so short. Yet, the whole time, Will found himself studying Nico's tattoos, wondering what each one meant and when he'd gotten them. He stared the longest at the image of an angel with broken wings, reaching up at something Will couldn't see from his angle. It made him feel… strangely sad. What sorts of emotions were going through Nico's head when he'd gotten something like that? He looked at another, near Nico's elbow, of a rose with thorns curling down a black sword running along his forearm. It made him look tough and… and cool. Really cool. In fact, Will might have even said attractive. Will only realized class was over when Nico rocketed out of his chair and blew past the classroom doors like a bat out of hell. Dazed and unable to believe that he hadn't written down a single note, Will collected his things and followed. His heart flip-flopped when he saw Nico standing outside the building and his brain immediately concocted a fantasy where Nico had been waiting for him. But, a man with blonde hair and glasses approached Nico as he was digging in his pockets. They exchanged a few words and Nico pulled out a pack of cigarettes. The blonde grimaced and tried to take them away, but Nico just barked at him to shut up and lit one anyways. Will scowled at nothing in particular and decided to walk off instead of standing there looking like a jealous idiot. Of course he had a boyfriend! Someone like Nico di Angelo could probably get whoever he wanted what with his mysterious allure, deep eyes, and that stupid, hot accent. Will never would have stood a chance. He was the complete opposite with his bright shirts and trousers and sunny-personality and the way his calendar was organized from then until next August. Still, he had the desire to walk over and force Nico di Angelo to put out that cigarette. He had to know how terrible that was for his body! Why would anyone want to hurt themselves like that? Why do you care? He thought quickly. You've never even really spoken to him. He's probably never even noticed you. Will clutched onto the strap of his overstuffed backpack tightly as he made his way to the library. He drowned out thoughts of the dark-haired punk with terminology that he didn't need to know until the next exam. It was never too early to start studying, he reasoned. Unfortunately, Will had the tendency of overloading his brain with useless facts and long definitions (and the complex combinations to all his favorite videogames) and would simply plop from exhaustion. As such, Will nodded off in the comfy chair in the upper floors of the library, book slipping from his hand. … "Will Solace," Jason said. Nico di Angelo snapped his attention from his phone, scowling. "What?" "That's the guy's name. The one from your art history class. The one you're trying to find on Facebook right now." Nico scoffed and quickly dropped his phone onto his bed, ignoring his roommate's knowing smirk. "I don't know what you're talking about," he muttered and folded his arms behind his head. Jason rolled his eyes but spun around in his desk chair in order to type away at some English paper. Nico supposed he should start working on his own, but – hell – he might as well just nab Jason's, change a few things, and presto – instant paper. "You can deny it all you want," Jason told him irritably, "but I saw you watching him earlier. Again, his name is Will Solace." "Shut up!" Nico snapped. "I wasn't looking at anyone! If anything, I was stupefied at how much nerd power could fit into one person." Jason sighed, but didn't take his eyes away from his screen. "And how did you know who I was talking about if you weren't looking at anyone, hm? S-O-L-A-C-E. He might go by William. So try that, too." Nico thought for a moment then gritted his teeth. "Fuck you, Grace," he hissed. Anyone else would have either punched him or run from him when they heard that tone, but Jason just shrugged innocently and kept writing. He took his roommate's silence as a personal victory and picked back up his phone. He was only mildly curious, just wanted to know if Nico's suspicions about him were correct, and Jason had put it in his head anyways. He searched 'Will Solace' on Facebook and spotted him immediately at the top of the list. Nico would have laughed at his profile picture if Jason hadn't been sitting ten feet away from him. It was definitely the geek from his art history class. His neat, styled blonde hair and toothy, blinding grin gave it away immediately. He was wearing a white doctor's coat with a collared shirt and tie underneath. One of those headbands with the round mirror was around his forehead and a stethoscope hung around his neck. He looked… ridiculous. It was obviously from Halloween, but, really, a full doctor costume? He already knew the kid was a bookworm. He practically hung on the professor's every word and would nod along as he scribbled down notes so quickly Nico wondered how his pencil wasn't smoking. He always raised his hand – to ask a question or to answer one – and never missed, was never late. He was one of those types of people, the kind that Nico would scoff at and promptly avoid. However, something about this goody-two-shoes made Nico's eyes flicker over to him every so often. He was devastatingly handsome. That was a given. But it was more than that. When he had suddenly moved to the seat directly behind him, Nico could feel the other boy's stare on him. It was probably out of curiosity or disapproval but Nico didn't care. He just took off his jacket, letting the blonde get a glimpse of the tattoos running down his arms. He had plenty more, of course, and wouldn't have minded showing off only he was pretty sure that his professor wouldn't appreciate him stripping his shirt off in the middle of his lecture. Besides, men like Will Solace didn't find guys like Nico di Angelo attractive. Based on the fact that there was a pretty brunette girl hanging off his arm in his profile pic, Nico figured Will Solace didn't find guys attractive at all. Shame, Nico thought as he studied Will's handsome face before closing the app and dragging himself to his feet. He got to work on putting on his heavy boots. "Where are you going?" Jason muttered. "Smoke." "Again?" Jason shook his head. "Those things are awful. And they make our room smell." "Worse than your gym-clothes' stench?" Nico wrinkled his nose. "Doubtful." "Your dad is gonna find out if you keep this up, yanno." Nico snorted, shrugging on his bomber jacket and sticking an unlit cigarette in his mouth. "Watch me quiver in fear," he said sarcastically and marched out