A/N: If you've never listened to the Beatles' song "Blackbird" then you should listen to it now and drown in Nico feels with me. ;w; ... Blackbird singing in the dead of night Take these sunken eyes and learn to see ... It was snowing outside. Not the kind of fluffy, pretty snow that sent a longing for Christmas through one's mind, but the rough, ugly kind that nipped at noses and nerves. It didn't blanket the landscape in a pleasant wintery wonderland. It froze the roads and mangled holiday plans. It grounded planes and cut the telephone service. But, mostly, it set an icy pit in Nico's gut. It was the reason why he was sitting by the window, staring worriedly out the window with a long-since-chilled mug of diluted tea in his hands. Worried was an understatement. Terrified was a more accurate description of the gnawing happening in his stomach, the rapid bounce of his knee. His eyes were transfixed on the edge of the driveway, just barely visible through the violent swirling of angry, fat snowflakes. The window panes shook from the force of the wind, rattling both the frames and Nico's sanity. With each flicker of the lights, with every tock from the clock, Nico drew closer and closer in on himself. Four days, he had said. He would be gone for four days to travel to Manhattan to see his mother. She was ill, and he had wanted to help like the good son he was. Nico had wanted to come along, but he wouldn't hear of it. "You're sick," he had said. "It's cold out there. Plus all those germs on a plane would wreck your immune system even worse. It's only a few days. You just stay here and rest." He had kissed Nico on the cheek, had said a few soft goodbyes, and had left with a smile on his face. Always a smile. Four days had turned into eight, and Nico couldn't quell the panic rising in him. The telephone lines had gone out three days ago and still weren't fixed, leaving Nico stuck staring desperately out the window of their apartment, nursing a cold cup of tea and counting the minutes in heartbeats. "Come home," Nico whispered to no one. His breath fogged up against the glass. He blinked at it for a moment and then, very carefully, drew a heart in the mist. He immediately felt embarrassed, even though there was thankfully no one around to see it, but didn't wipe it away. The last time he had talked to Will Solace he had just finished having lunch with his mother and was taking her out shopping. Like the good son he was. Nico had pretended to be indifferent, stating he was fine with the extra peace and quiet he got when Will wasn't there and that he should visit his mother more often. He failed to mention how he hadn't slept more than four hours a night since Will had left or that he hadn't had a full meal since the leftovers Will left for him in the fridge were gone. Will had only laughed, unperturbed, and promised to be extra loud when he came home to make up for lost time. Then, he had said the thing. The thing that, even after all these years of being with Will Solace, Nico couldn't bring himself to say. I love you. Nico felt like a coward whenever Will said those words as if it was the easiest thing in the world. He felt unworthy whenever Will would wrap his arms around him while he was cooking and say those words, or when he would say it as he smiled dreamily at him when they worked on their sad little garden and Nico was working fruitlessly to save a withering sunflower, or when he would whisper them in his ear when they were locked away in their bedroom, refusing to emerge from the covers until they had had their fill of each other. He felt pathetic when Will said the thing because he simply couldn't understand how the stunning son of Apollo – a healer, a beauty, and a philanthropist – would ever say those words to him. Nico couldn't even say it after Will nursed him back to health time and time again after all those separate occasions when Nico disappeared from camp for no particular reason, or after all the many other times Will had prevented him from leaving at all, grabbing onto his hand and pulling him back into the infirmary, murmuring angry endearments against his lips. He wouldn't say it even though Will had proven countless times that he would never betray Nico's trust or deliberately hurt him. Still, Nico only remembered saying it to one person and she had left him, abandoned him in favor of a new life, and then completely vanished from his reach. He wouldn't let that happen to Will. He wouldn't let anything take him away. Not even a storm. Slowly, numbly, Nico could hear a faint noise. For the first time in what must have been hours, Nico lifted his gaze from the window to look around the interior of the apartment. It was small, but cozy, and was filled with various things from all over the world, souvenirs from their days travelling across seas and countries on various quests and missions all throughout their teens. Back then, it had been easy. Nico could vent out his fears and angers on the monsters that slipped back into the mortal world. He could forget his insecurities and worries when they were always just one step away from danger and were both covered in mud, grime, and other unfavorable substances. Back then, Nico forgot himself in the shine of Will's smile, the lull of his voice. But when the adrenaline train stopped, when the final quest was over and done with, and Will brought Nico with him to Seattle while Will pursued his dream at University of Washington School of Medicine, there was nowhere to hide anymore. He could no longer pretend that the bags under his eyes were just from many nights keeping watch for monsters. He couldn't say he didn't want to talk because he was afraid of being overheard by other campers or enemies. Here, it was just Will and him, and he felt stripped, vulnerable. Sooner or later, Will would realize just how unfixable and disturbed Nico was. Sooner or later, Nico would hurt him too deeply. Sooner or later, Will was going to leave him. So wasn't it better to guard his heart? Pretend that he never heard Will's loud declarations of love? The moment Nico gave himself entirely to Will, it would be over. So wasn't it better to hide away the dark parts of him? The noise grew, becoming more urgent. It was a high-pitched sort of cry, and was so desperate that it roused Nico from his stupor. He wrapped the afghan that Will so often used closer around his shoulders and padded into the kitchen, following the noise carefully. He thought of his sword, stowed away in boxes and gathering dust, and shook himself. He'd sworn it all off the moment Will offered him a key to this place. He'd sworn it all off the moment he almost hurt the one he cared for most in this world and the one under. The noise was coming from the sliding door that led into the garden. There was a sharp chill seeping through the cracks and Nico huddled closer into his blanket. Looking out, he didn't see anything until the noise cried out again and he glanced down. A tiny black kitten was sitting at the door, one paw pressed against the glass. It was shivering violently and wet. Clumps of ice stuck to its fur. Nico's eyes met its green ones and it let out the most heart-breaking sound the son of Hades had ever heard. Something melted in him. Immediately, without even thinking, Nico pushed open the door and scooped the kitten up, wrapping it in Will's afghan. The poor thing felt like a block of ice and it was shivering like the bare trees outside that were being battered around from the wind. Even so, the kitten began to purr so loudly that Nico worried that there was something wrong with it. He wasn't entirely sure what to do. This was Will's department. By then, Will would be fussing over the thing and be fixing it up a warm meal and a soft bed. But what did kittens eat? Wasn't there some sort of rule against applying direct heat after being cold for so long? How long was the poor cat outside anyways? Slightly panicking, Nico grabbed a towel from the bathroom and began drying off the kitten, picking off the thick clumps of ice stuck stubborn to it. The whole time, the kitten just purred and purred. How was it doing that? Didn't it need to breathe? Was there a special gland for this or something? His own lack of knowledge stunned him. Instead of floundering for answers he'd never find, Nico tried to remember what Will had done for him that one time he had fallen into the lake in January and had nearly gotten hypothermia. "Let's get you some dry clothes, you moron." That was the first thing. Dry off. His gaze lingered on Will's hairdryer. He thought it was ridiculous that a grown man blow-dried his hair, and Will would kill him if he ever told anyone about it, but it would be quick and easy to completely dry the cat with it. Tucking the trembling kitten under his arm, he reached over and grabbed the hairdryer, rolling his eyes at the pink color. "It's light red!" he could hear Will snap at him. He set it on its lowest setting. It startled the kitten a bit and its pine-needle nails dug into his arm. Nico nearly dropped the thing and cursed loudly, but stopped when he noticed the look in the cat's eyes. Wide, nervous, pleading. Sudden emotion clogged up Nico's throat and cooed at it gently, scratching behind its ears. The kitten slowly relaxed and started to purr again. That time, when Nico turned on the hairdryer, it didn't so much as flinch. Once the kitten was dry, it didn't look like the same mop of black wet fur he'd first seen. Its fur was a deep, smoky black; thick and long and poofy. There was a patch of white on one of its shoulder blades, shaped in what Nico could only describe as a wing. He traced it curiously and blinked when the cat simply floundered onto one side, purring like a motorboat. "Tender love and care will cure anything," Will said in his head. Nico remembered when he'd said it. They'd been in the Hades cabin and Nico had had one of his infamous nightmares. In an instant, Will had Nico in bear hug, comforting him like it was the easiest thing in the world. "Sometimes we just need hug." Nico lifted the kitten to his chest again, coddling it like a child, and pet it gently. Eventually, the remaining tension in its muscles drained away and it went limp in Nico's arms, blinking its eyes slowly, sleepily. He took it back to the kitchen, humming some made-up tune, and started looking through his cupboards. "I swear food is like an instant pick-me-up. Chicken-noodle soup for colds. Chocolate for headaches. Ice-cream for heartaches," Will's voice said again. "It's amazing what a good, full meal can do." Nico frowned. Most of the shelves were bare and the fridge didn't look much better. What can and can't cats eat anyways? "I don't suppose you like lasagna," he muttered, looking down at the green eyes staring back up at him. It gave a little sneeze and Nico took that as a no. "We have some milk.