"Homenum Revelio." A low, fog-like white light rolled through the dark room and down a corridor. The room was seemingly devoid of life except for the withered plants in the murky window. Moth-eaten, dust-covered furniture was pushed to the peeling papered walls. For a moment, everything was still – only the flecks of dust moved in the stagnant air – then the ring of light peacefully circled back to the corner it had emanated. Suddenly, three figures appeared seemingly from thin air, brandishing an overlarge cloak. A large cloud of dirt blew up from the matted rug, causing the visitors to break into coughs. "Ugh, this is disgusting," a woman muttered and held a hand to her nose. "Are you sure this is the right place?" The man beside her cleared his throat and waved the dust away. "This is where the Ministry said to go. Their sources are never wrong." "Never say never, Grace" the woman said dryly. She knocked the hood of her cloak back, revealing dark hair in a single, long braid and piercing black eyes. "Remember what happened in Romania?" The man took his hood off as well. His own hair was a dull blonde and his eyes so blue that they were nearly electric. A jagged scar ran down the corner of his mouth, which he reached up and touched gingerly. "I thought we agreed to never speak of that again." "I had my fingers crossed." The blonde snorted. "The ultimate reversal charm." "Reyna, Jason, shut it," the third person snapped. He pushed his hood back and glared at the two others. His hair was blacker than the visible night outside the window-panes and his eyes were deep, dark, narrowed in annoyance. "Did you hear that?" The other two ceased their bickering to listen, but no other sounds were heard. The woman, Reyna, hummed. "Could have been a rat." Beside her, Jason nodded. "It's an old place. It's probably unstable. We'd better be careful." He walked over and observed an old portrait hanging crooked on the wall. "Why? Do you sense something, Nico?" The shorter man shrugged. "It's faint, but something isn't right. It's like the walls are watching us." Jason immediately recoiled away from the painting with a grimace. "That's a comforting thought." "We cast the charm," Reyna interjected. "If there were anyone in here my spell would've detected them." "Anyone living," Nico corrected her. "How well does that spell pick up on spirits?" Jason wrinkled his nose. "We're supposed to be hunting escapees, not ghosts. That's a whole different department." "Doesn't mean they're not here." Nico tightened his grip on his wand. "Stay close. Let's start searching. They may have already moved on and we just missed them." Reyna immediately followed after Nico out of the room. Jason took another look at the painting, giving it a wary frown, before scurrying after them once Nico barked at him to hurry it up. The three Aurors walked down the corridor, the floorboards creaking beneath their boots. Nico led the way, eyes darting from side to side, alert and ready for anything. Reyna was on his left and raising her wand. "Lumos," she muttered and a soft light filled the hall. On his right, Jason was flicking through a notepad, reading the scribbling thoughtfully. "I don't get it," he said. "This can't be the right place." "They were ex-Aurors," Nico reminded him under his breath. "They know how to cover their tracks." "I still can't believe it," Reyna said. "Bryce Lawrence was one of us. Why would he go against the Ministry like this?" "Octavian got to him." Jason pocketed his notebook. "He was always a weasel. I wasn't surprised at all when I heard what happened." "Well, whatever the reason, I won't be going easy on them," Reyna vowed. "He betrayed his own, and that is unforgivable." "Just watch your back," Nico scolded, "and quiet down. They could still be here." They began to descend a grand staircase leading down to a large atrium. Reyna lifted her wand, still giving off a bluish light, at the ceiling. A chandelier, draped with cobwebs and old wax, hung above them. The ceiling itself was painted into a strange mural. The whole atmosphere was unsettling – everything too quiet – and Nico's nerves were beginning to stir. Suddenly, a sharp clanging noise sounded off from somewhere within the old mansion and the three Aurors immediately circled their backs to one another's, still only halfway down the stairs. Nico's heart picked up its pace and he could tell by the way their bodies turned rigid that his partners were just as on edge. Slowly, Nico waved his wand. "Homenum Revelio." Again, a ring of white fog fanned out in all directions. It expanded out of sight, and the wait was unbearable. Reyna pointed her wand to the bottom of the steps and narrowed her eyes. "Guys… wasn't Bryce a registered Animagus?" "Yeah," Jason breathed back. "He was a rat. Literally. Why?" "There. In front of the pillar." Nico and Jason turned to look. On the floor, sat a small black rat. Its beady eyes were staring right at them. A bad feeling surged through Nico. Just then, the charm was coming back. As the ring passed over the rat, it turned a deep red and tightened around it, giving off an ear-shattering alarm. Reyna wasted no time. "Homorphus!" The rat gave a squeak as the spell hit it dead-on. In a flash of light, the rat grew and reshaped, spinning into the figure of a man. Just as Nico could make out a face, the man pointed his wand at the chandelier and shouted, "Diffindo!" The chain holding the chandelier snapped and began to fall, its dangling faded jewels clinking. Jason raised his wand. "Glisseo!" The stairs beneath their feet morphed into a smooth slide and they immediately slid out of harm's way moments before it smashed into the ground. Nico regained his balance as he wobbled onto the floor, coughing as a cloud of dust rushed up from the collision. It made it hard to see their target. When it cleared a few moments later, Bryce was gone. "Bryce!" he shouted. "Show yourself!" The pillars would provide great cover, but it would only be a matter of time before Nico, Jason, and Reyna flushed him out. "It's hopeless! Just turn yourself in!" A hand suddenly jutted out from behind the column on Nico's left. "Expelliarmus!" Nico managed to deflect the spell in time, holding tight into his wand. Reyna rushed in with Jason close at her heels. "Stupefy!" Bryce Lawrence rolled away from the hit. As he straightened up, he dealt out another blow. "Petrificus totalus!" Reyna seized up, as if binds had wrapped tight around her body, and collapsed to the ground. Jason let out an angry shout and waved his wand, sparks appearing where Bryce Lawrence had just ran from. "Get back here and fight, you traitor!" Jason called after him. Bryce hissed out, "Stupefy!" but Jason was too quick for him. He sent the same spell back. "Protego!" A small force-field projected in front of Bryce and bounced the red beam of light right back to Jason. It hit him dead in the chest. Nico was already running after Bryce, wand held high and fury rising even higher. "Locomotor Mortis!" he yelled, aiming at his legs. Bryce darted to the side just in time and Nico cursed. He was fast, known as one of the quickest Aurors in the department. "Bryce!" Bryce skidded to a halt and spun on his heels. Nico faltered at the charged look of intent in his eyes. "Everte Statum!" Nico felt an invisible force thrust him back, as if he had just been thrown by a large bull, and he hit the wall, head smacking against the drywall forcefully. He crumpled to the ground, groaning and dizzy. He saw doubles as Bryce ran off and, a second later, apparated out of sight. Nico groaned, rolling onto his side as he blinked his vision straight. What a miserable failure. Slowly, he pulled himself up to his feet and stumbled over to his teammates. He made sure he had a good grip on both of them before apparating all three of them to safety. … Nico had insisted that he was fine. He didn't need to go to St. Mungo's. If anyone, Jason and Reyna needed to be treated. Nico only had a few bruises. He'd gotten off easy compared to them. His boss, however, wouldn't hear of it. "Go," he said, "just to be sure. We can't afford losing any more Aurors." So, Nico found himself planted on a bed in the hospital, waiting for a healer to tell him what he already knew and send him on his way with a clean bill of health. He was worried for Reyna. Sometimes body-bind spells could go wrong and be hard to remove. Jason had also still been unconscious when Nico had last seen him. He wanted to know that they were all right. The door suddenly opened and a young man slipped inside before closing it again. He was busy staring at the clipboard floating beside him, checking his records, to notice how Nico was gawking at him. He would know that stupid hair and face anywhere. The man was taller, tanner, and more grown up than the last time Nico saw of him, but it was undoubtedly his old schoolmate. The light dusting of freckles across his handsomely proportioned face and the way his sky-blue eyes lit up when they finally rested on Nico proved that. "Oh," the man blinked, "hello." Nico eyed the man up and down. Will Solace, a Hufflepuff one year his senior, had been the pride and joy of his House. He had played Keeper on the Quidditch team, had top-mark grades, and was always finding ways to start charities during his free time. He was a philanthropist, a naturally talented wizard with a knack for healing spells, and Nico would be lying if he said he hadn't had a bit of a crush on the charismatic upperclassman during their school days. Nico shook himself. They had rarely talked beyond a few exchanges after a Quidditch game or that one time they had ended up in the same group to go to Hogsmeade. Nico had been so excited and so nervous that he missed his chance completely and nothing happened. Will was beyond his reach. He probably didn't even remember his name. "Nico di Angelo, right? You may not remember me," Will Solace said quickly, "but we went to school together. I was in Hufflepuff, thought. I'm—" "Will Solace," Nico recalled easily, heart giving a faint flutter at actually having been recognized. It had been years since Nico graduated from Hogwarts, but he never quite forgot the Hufflepuff. Will smiled wide. "Wow, you do remember me!" He sounded a bit star struck, though Nico wondered if it was a little sarcastic. "So, why does your chart say you're Hannibal Gloom?" Nico rolled his eyes. "My boss has us check in under false names to keep things on the down low. He also has a terrible sense of humor." "Oh yeah?" Will blinked as he walked over. "Where do you work, if you don't mind me asking?" Nico shrugged. "I work for the Ministry." Will hummed as he took out his wand and held it close to Nico's eyes, peering concernedly into him pupils. "What department? Concealment? Accounting? Enforcement?" "Actually, I'm an Auror." Will lowered his wand, eyes wide. He whistled low and shook his head. "I always knew you were the best in school with your magic but to be made an Auror? " Nico glanced away. "I wasn't that good in school." "Are you kidding?" Will waved his wand and a quill rose to the floating chart and started to scribble down line after line. "I remember getting whooped by your Quidditch team every