Diary Entry of Hermione Jean July 18 I had always scoffed at the notion that the world was either black or white. So when I was presented with the argument of light verses dark magic I never truly bought into it. I chose my side based on which would bring me the longest and happiest life. Admittedly that does indeed sound cynical and I would never dream of admitting it out loud. I would never be given the opportunity to explain my view point, so it's easier to allow those around me to believe that I see the world like the rest of them. Except I don't. It's all about the intent; a tickling hex is light magic. After all what harm could come from a small sensation that left you laughing? How about if someone held that hex on another human being for so long that the victim wasn't able to breathe? Would you consider that dark magic? I'm not trying to excuse dark magic that is indeed used for murdering someone else. I'm just pointing out that not all dark magic is what they claim it to be. There are different levels. The most that I have been able to figure out is that what is labeled as dark magic is simply the particular kind that seduces you. Most muggles consider rituals to be dark magic, yet us magical folk say no—there are some light rituals. So where do you draw the line? Is it a blanket rule? Pick a spot on the map and just sever it into two groups? How do they decide? Politics is one factor in that decision. What sorts of spells does the Ministry of Magic care about occurring? The ones that will result in chaos and usurp its power. As different individuals assemble behind the government, the more it changes. Some people are really concerned with having certain spells restricted, and others are more concerned about having those restrictions lessened. Did you know that all wands are tracked? There you go panicking—don't worry that bill never made it to Wizengamot. Remember when you were underage? How they told us that if we did magic they'd know? Did you know that they had no idea who actually cast a specific spell? They could only track the location. Really it was only the muggleborns who could actually get caught and that was because of the fact that it was a logical guess. None of this really matters. I mostly just wanted to get it out of my head. I wish that I could tell someone other than a book about this. I suppose that the idea that this is irrelevant is not quite true. You see, it's because of this idea that I'm stuck here. There is no going back. Intervention Hermione was sitting on her bed clutching the newspaper in her hands. She was staring at the headlines, unable to process it. The brunette didn't even realize that her hands were shaking. The room around her was empty, and even if it wasn't she wouldn't have realized that anyone was there. "Sprite?" The name would have been something that she responded to, had she been able to think clearly. The tone was familiar and she was never able to ignore its owner. Her lack of a response told him that something was wrong. He crept closer, walking silently out of habit. Even when his foot stepped on a creaky floorboard she didn't react. Her normally unruly hair had morphed a massive knot, half tucked in a braid and half wrapped around it. When he walked in front of her, he knelt in front of her. "Sprite? Hermione?" He murmured, lightly touching her wrists. She didn't even look at him; her gaze was locked on the paper in front of her. He slowly began to ease it out of her grasp and even then she never acknowledged that he was there. A quick glance to the page told him that a muggle family had died in a car accident recently because of one of the many attacks that had occurred. He scanned the rest of the newspaper, trying to figure out what could have upset her. "You haven't moved for three days, we need you to eat something." There was no response. "Hermione we need you to let us help you." Sirius said, disheartened when she laughed bitterly. "Help me?" She asked, looking at his eyes. Her gaze was frigid and it felt much more like she was staring straight through him. "How exactly do you expect to help me, when you can't even help yourself?" He swallowed and looked right back at her before answering. "I'm not going to let you shut down. I need you, Remus needs you. Whether or not you can see how loved you are by the people around you, they are there. We owe you much more because we are your friends than to just let you miss classes just to sit and stare by yourself." "What gives you the right to boss me around? How can you even—" She was looking at the ground. "You really want to say something that you might regret?" Sirius asked her. He was glad to see that she actually listened when he saw her mouth slam shut as she stared at the floor. "The fact that I care about you is the reason that I'm standing up here. Don't think that I won't take this to your uncle, despite your relationship with him." "Thank you," she managed. "You can go now." It wasn't a suggestion and he was so surprised to hear it from her that Sirius started laughing. "Nice try Sprite, but I'm not going anywhere. We're going to get you cleaned up and then we're going down to the kitchens to get you something to eat." Hermione started to shake her head as she tried to pull her hands from his grasp. Sirius wasn't having any of it; he managed to get a hold of her waist, and pulled her up to her feet. Her knees immediately buckled and he had to pull her up against him to support her. "No Sirius. This isn't fair." Her voice was weak and she feebly pushed against him. "Well next time you decide that it's a good idea to shut down, remember that not moving or eating for three days makes it difficult to walk much less try to fight against dashing men who have agendas." She started laughing, in that condescending tone of hers. "Dashing men? Darling please, you're just trying to look good for all those girls downstairs. I know that you've had your eye on Dorcas Meadows." Sirius grimaced at the name. "She certainly hasn't bothered to attempt to hide her affection for you." Hermione's voice had taken on a sarcastic bitterness and if Sirius didn't know any better he would have suspected that she was jealous. "Sprite, since when have you started calling people 'darling?" He asked as he began steering her towards the girls' bathroom. "I don't. You do! Molly always hated that you called everything with breasts that word." Sirius blanched at her coarse language and at the fact that it supposedly bothered Molly. The mother had never mentioned it before. "The moment that she heard you call me it for the first time, she flipped. That's when you first started calling me Sprite." Hermione started laughing manically. Sirius watched her worriedly, and tried to ignore the fact that the statements she was making were illogical and hadn't happened. "She didn't like that any better. In fact I'm pretty sure she regretted opening her mouth in the first place." Hermione said with a bell like laugh. Sirius didn't answer. There wasn't any point in attempting to reason with her when she was in such a state. As he guided her to the other room he somewhat regretted becoming an animagus. As a dog his senses were extremely sensitive and Hermione didn't exactly smell the greatest at the moment. He wandlessly turned the faucets on in the tub, before gently lifting Hermione in and climbing in with her. His clothes stuck to him uncomfortably, but he ignored the feeling. While his family was a sore subject he had always been grateful that the pureblood mania had included private lessons at home. As a result he was at the top of his class without even trying. His mother had insisted that he learn wandless magic early. "I don't know how to fix this," Hermione looked vacant, as if she wasn't sitting in front of him mentally. "I mean I know how to fix a lot of things, but this?" Her voice lacked her usual inflection. It sounded dead to Sirius' ears. "Sprite, you're not responsible for everything," he reminded her as he started washing her hair. His hands brushed against the pearl necklace that was always around her neck. As he touched it, her hand flew up to it as well. Their eyes anchored to each other's—forgetting everything around them, including how to breathe. Sirius forced himself to let go and clear his head. He was afraid of stepping out of the room in case she slipped under the water, but he could afford her some privacy. He threw a spell out to alert him if she slid under the water as he turned around. Ten minutes later she spoke. "I'm done." Hermione was standing in clean clothes by the mirror. Her hair was in a French braid down her back. "You can do wandless magic?" She asked, although she didn't sound curious about it at all. "Yes," he answered as he instantly dried out his clothes. "One of the requirements of growing up as the future 'Lord Black.' Are you ready to head down for some food?" She hesitated in answering before nodding her head. She walked out of the room back towards her bed, to grab a muggle zip-up. It was a blue one that she wore nearly every day for the past few weeks. Pulling it on, she walked towards the door, and suddenly faltered. Sirius stepped up to her and held out his hand. Hesitantly Hermione reached out and grasped it. A Breath of Hope It was August. In less than a month she would be back at Hogwarts, the one place she had always considered home. Most students thought of Hogwarts as a nothing more than a school, but a handful saw it as something more than that. There was a magic about that place that offered students a home for the first time. It left them feeling safe, and protected, as though nothing could ever go wrong in that castle. Hermione was one of those students, along with Harry. Even Riddle had thought the same, according to Harry, and after hearing about the orphanage in which he grew up in, she wasn't surprised by the news. Hogwarts was the one place where they didn't feel abnormal or underfoot. They belonged in that world. They were wanted for the first times in their lives. Her childhood wasn't anything like Harry's, much less Voldemort's. To begin with, her parents were still married—happily—and they had originally enrolled her in a prep school. Upon learning about the fact that Hermione was a witch, her parents agreed to send her to Hogwarts in order to develop her control over her ability. She had believed them when they acted supportive, and asked her questions about her new life at school. Whenever she talked excitedly about the things that she learned each year over summer holiday, they would smile and nod along. It didn't take her long to realize that they often had no idea what was going on, or that they really thought of it as nonsense. She had tried to explain it further in depth, but their lack of enthusiasm made it clear that they weren't that interested. Hermione hadn't found out until much later that her