I've been given so many ideas for one-shots it's been crazy trying to decide what to write next! I'm glad you all love this series and universe! This story is kind of a request from a guest review. I had a lot of fun writing this though. I hope you enjoy it. The doorbell rang twice. "I'll get it! I'll get it!" Eight-year-old Harry shouted, running from the large towers he had built around himself. He knocked one of them over as he ran to answer the door, knocking down the many Lego pieces. "Harry, do not –" said Severus from somewhere around the house. Harry didn't hear whatever else his dad said as he yanked on the doorknob and smiled up at the person behind it. She was a beautiful young woman, with fawn hair and blue eyes, wearing a long, white dress skirt and a light blue blouse. The heels on her feet added a few inches to her average frame. She held a white handbag shyly in front of her and she beamed down at Harry with pearl white teeth. "Why, hello, little one," she greeted. "This is Professor Snape's house, correct?" Before Harry could answer, his father grabbed his arm and turned him to face him, leaning down so they were nearly nose to nose. Severus looked angry and Harry gulped nervously. "What have I told you about answering the door?" Severus growled softly. "You do not answer it unless I am right behind you." "I forgot," Harry said. "I'm sorry, I won't do it again. I was only trying to help the pretty lady." Severus stood up straight and looked at the woman as if just noticing her. She fiddled with her bag awkwardly before smiling at Severus, glancing down at Harry again. "Complimented on the first day," she laughed slightly, looking at Harry. "Thank you, good sir. I think you and I are off to a good start." "I'm so sorry, Miss," Severus said. "Kids, right?" The lady laughed again saying, "Kids. They're cute. He's cute." "Yes, he is, thank you," Severus ruffled Harry's hair. "Cute and a little devil. Don't let him fool you." Harry smirked up at his father as he fixed his messed-up hair. He glanced up at the smiley lady, liking her more by the second. "I'll be sure to watch my back," she said. "I'm sorry," Severus reached out a hand. "Severus Snape." "Abbigail Whiter," the lady said, accepting the hand and shaking it. "And this is my son, Harry," Severus introduced, resting a hand on Harry's shoulder. Harry reached out a hand and said, "Nice to meet you." "And it's a pleasure to meet you. You may call me Abby," Abby said, shaking Harry's hand. As Harry shook Abby's hand, he noticed how soft and gentle it felt, unlike his father's hand which was always firm and strong. He wondered who this lady was and why she was here. "Come in, come in," Severus pulled Harry back and out of the way at the same time holding the door open for Abby. "I almost forgot that we had set a date for today." A date? Harry's eyes widened at that. Did his father really just say a date? Last he knew, Severus had not been interested in looking for a girlfriend or anything like that. Then wat was this lady doing here? Harry watched what his father and Abby were doing carefully. "It's not much," Severus was saying, glancing around the house. "I apologize for the mess, if I had remembered, I would have . . ." "Oh, no-no, it's fine," Abby said, staring at Harry's Lego towers with interest. "Did you build these, Harry? They are amazing! They're taller than you!" She was exaggerating. Harry rolled his eyes. He was taller than the towers. At least by an inch. But they had taken him all week to build, and he had knocked one of them over. Now he only had three towers connected to his large wall. He would have to rebuild it from the pieces that remained intact. Harry ran over to his towers. "I did build them," he told her. "It's going to be my new castle that I can live in and Daddy will be my servant." Abby laughed at that, looking at Severus who rolled his eyes. "In your dreams, son," Severus said. "You can help me build," Harry said, offering a large chunk of Legos to Abby. "Actually, I don't . . . well," Abby began. "She didn't come here to play with Legos, Harry," Severus said. "Why don't you fix up your tower while I show Miss Whiter around?" "Call me Abby, please," Abby smiled. "If you insist, Abby," Severus said, leading Abby towards the basement where the potions lab was. "And you may call me Severus. If you follow me down to here, this is where my lab is . . ." Harry watched Severus and Abby disappear. Severus had completely brushed him aside in favor of showing off the house to a complete stranger. Or, at least, he thought she was a stranger. Severus had said that he had arranged for her to come today. But why? And if it was a date, it wasn't very romantic. Harry may only be eight years old, but he was sure that at least some flowers were needed on dates. After fixing up his tower some, Harry left his towers and ran to the front door, making sure to move a toy of his in front of the door so it didn't lock him out. His father had stupid automatic locks on the doors for "his baby's safety." Harry was not a baby. Harry ran towards the playground where he knew some pretty bluebells grew around the swing set. He ran towards patches of yellow cowslips growing randomly throughout the yard and added them to his bluebells. There was a lone foxglove, the others having died off, and Harry picked it and placed it in the center of all of his flowers. He ran back to the house with his bouquet and kicked his toy aside to let the door shut. He wondered if Severus and Abby were still in the potions lab when he heard voices in the kitchen. He ran towards them. Severus and Abby were sitting at the small breakfast table in the kitchen, though usually they always ate at the dining table. Harry held the flowers behind his back as he approached the table. "Where did you just come from?" Severus demanded, his eyes narrowing. Harry ignored the question and smiled shyly at Abby, holding out the flowers to her. "I picked these for you," he said. "Aww," Abby smiled, accepting the flowers and smelling them. "How sweet. You know, bluebells are my favorite. How did you know? Are you a seer?" Harry smiled and shook his head no. He felt his father's hands on his waist and he was pulled back into his father's lap. "To have gotten those, you must have gone outside, correct?" whispered Severus into Harry's ears. "Without my permission or knowledge?" Harry shrugged but Abby was talking again. "I think I will preserve these in my journal," she said. "Have you ever done that, Harry? Save a flower or leaf in a book? Maybe I can show you sometime." "I'm sure he would love that," Severus, wrapping his arms around Harry's waist, keeping the boy trapped on his lap. Abby reached into her bag and pulled out an ivory colored wand and she gave it a swift flick. A string tied itself around the stems and a wrapping wrapped itself all around the flowers. Harry watched intrigued. "There," she smiled. "That should help protect them until I get home. You are quite the gentleman. I don't know why your father called you a little devil earlier. You seem like a sweet, innocent, angel." Abby winked at him. "Thank you," Harry smiled back. Severus rolled his eyes and shook his head. "Angel, huh?" he said. "Anyway," Abby continued. "I have to make another stop at a place in Diagon Alley, but I don't think it'll take me long. Maybe we could talk more over dinner tonight?" "That sounds fine to me," Severus nodded, pushing Harry off his lap and standing as Abby stood. "It's been so lovely meeting you and your son," Abby waved goodbye to Harry as she headed for the front door. "I can't tell you how excited I am about this. This means . . . well, we'll take later tonight. Hogsmeade? I hear Three Broomsticks is nice." "I can meet you there at six," Severus said. "Does that work for you?" "Perfect!" Abby nodded. "I'll meet you there." "Splendid," Severus opened the door for Abby. "Have a good afternoon, Abby." Once Abby left and Severus shut the door, he turned and glared at Harry, who stood in beween the living room and dining room. "Now, I can deal with you," Severus growled. Harry screamed and ran back towards the kitchen. He could hear his father's running footsteps behind him. He didn't get very far but managed to move around the dining table, keeping the table between him and Severus. He laughed as he and Severus eyed each other at either end, trying to decide which way to move to avoid being captured. He decided to move right and Severus quickly reached for him, but he crawled under the table and out into the living room. He was just running up the stairs to seek shelter in his own room when his father's arm snatched him around the waist and lifted him off the stairs. He felt the man's tickling fingers run all over his stomach and he squealed and squirmed in his dad's grip. "Daddy, stop!" Harry cried. "You are just determined to cause trouble today, aren't you?" Severus said, still tickling his son. "What made you think that going outside would be acceptable?" "Abby needed flowers." "Says who?" "Girls like flowers. Everyone knows that." Severus blew a raspberry on Harry's cheek, making him squeal louder. "Stop!" Harry laughed. "Put me down! Put me down!" Severus set Harry back down, but before Harry could take off, Severus tightened his grip on Harry's arm and placed a smack on his son's bottom. "Ow!" Harry said, covering his bottom and looking up at his father with disbelief, his laughter and smiles quickly gone. "Why did you do that?" "To remind you not to go outside without my permission again," Severus said, sternly. He rolled his eyes as Harry puckered his lower lip. "Quit the drama, I didn't smack you that hard." "Yes, you did," Harry stuck his tongue out. "You are fired from being my servant." "Servant?" Severus raised an eyebrow. Harry laughed and quickly took off running up the stairs, Severus right behind him. Later that evening, Harry was trying to put on the fancy blue robes Severus had laid out for him. There were so many strings to tie and the cuffs had to be a certain way. Harry gave up frustrated and was about to rip the stupid clothes off when Severus came through his bedroom door. Harry stared up at him. "What do you think?" Severus said, straightening his tie. Severus was in nice, silky black robes, as usual. Yet, the robes were rather stylish with gold trim and the black tie had a gold shimmer to it. Harry smiled up at his father. "You look great!" "And you are nowhere near ready," Severus commented, leaning down and fixing Harry's clothes, tying everything into place and buttoning the cuffs. Severus picked up the navy-blue tie on Harry's bed and began fastening it. "Do I have to wear the stupid tie?" whined Harry. "If I have to look my best, you're looking your best," Severus answered. Once he had Harry's tie straight, he picked up the boy's hairbrush to start on the boy's hair. "Besides, it completes the look.