This story branches off of To Have a Second Chance. It takes place between chapters 20 and 21. It can be read solo, but reading the previous story may help understand Harry's relationship with both Sam and Severus Snape. I hope you enjoy! Disclaimer: Do not own Harry Potter "Harry Snape!" Severus Snape called. "For the last time, get in bed!" Nine-year-old Harry Snape scrambled off the couch and out of the living room, losing a slipper on the way that he paused to slip back on, and to his room. It was October, so Harry wore long pajamas and kept his slippers on when he walked around. Harry Snape, once Harry Potter in another reality, had entered this reality as a four-year-old, with Severus Snape as his father and Lily Snape (nee Evans) as his deceased mother. According to Dumbledore, who had created the Second Chances Reality, Harry had kept all his previous life's miemory because his magic was incredibly strong. And as long as he never revealed to his father that they lived in a new reality, he could stay in the new world forever. "Dad! Storytime!" Harry yelled. He crawled into bed and waited for his father to come. Sam, a three tailed kitsune who Harry had met hardly a week ago trotted into the room. The presently wolf-sized red fox leaped onto Harry's bed, sitting down at the end and shrinking down into the size of a normal red fox. He flicked his black tipped ears at Harry. : Why must you yell so often? The red fox said through telepathy, his ears laid flat against his head. "Because Dad won't hear me and come in to tell me a bedtime story." Harry replied. : Of course. The fox sighed. Well, I should be off to hunt. "Wait!" Harry stopped Sam from misting, or taking the form of a white, misty apparition, and taking off to the Forbidden Forest outside of Hogwarts. "Why don't you tell me a story?" : About what? Sam tilted his head to the side, his three tails flicking behind him. "I don't know. Maybe about how you came to this reality? And what happened to you here? The more you talk the more it sounds like a lot has happened to you. What did happen to you?" Harry sat up on his bed, his green eyes sparkling. Sam was the only other person (or animal) Harry had met that knew about both realities. Harry had yet to figure out why the fox knew, or even how. : My life isn't really kid-friendly . . . Sam started to say, looking off to the side and allowing one ear to fall to the side, the black tip revealing itself. "Please?" Harry whined, letting his lower lip pucker out and widening his eyes. It was a look most people fell for, even his father. The fox huffed, both ears dropping briefly before perking back up. : Fine. But only because you asked . . . nicely. Sam said. Harry smirked. Right. That's what they all say. Harry thought. : Remember, I can hear your thoughts. Sam gave a foxy smile at Harry's frown, his mouth wide open and his lips curved. Anyway, where to start . . .? "How about the streets? You said your parents left you there. Why?" Harry asked. : They did, indeed. It is actually where my life in this reality began. When my parents were leaving me . . . Sam was suddenly lifted off the ground from where he had fallen and restrained by two men while a third attempted to slide a noose around his neck. Sam used the weight of the two people restraining him to lift himself up and kick the man in front of him away. The two men forced Sam back on to his feet and one of the men kneed Sam in his stomach. Pain fired through Sam's entire body, and he suddenly felt weak and his legs gave out from under him. He felt the noose around his neck and suddenly, he was being lifted. Sam struggled against the pressure of the rope at his neck, his body thrashing and his hands clawing frantically at the constricting pain as he was lifted higher until his feet could no longer feel the ground beneath him. "Go back and rule the hell you came from, Devil. Let me help you on your way." Sam heard the large man say below him. Sam, whose eyes had been squinted shut from the pain, managed to look down and catch a glimpse of what the man below him was doing. He saw the man pick up his tanto that he had dropped and pull back an arm, ready to either throw or impale. Sam closed his eyes again, listening to the whistle of the knife flying through the air, more than likely aimed for his head. And then everything went silent. Pain disappeared. And Sam could no longer feel the crushing pressure at his neck. Sam opened his eyes and blinked again at the darkness he saw. His eyes adjusted a bit and Sam saw a strange cardboard brown all around him. He touched his head gingerly, a pounding headache threatening to split his head in two. He ran his hand through his fox red hair, pulling at the ends roughly. He remembered the last events that had happened to him and though about the tanto. That should have killed me; it was aimed for my head. I should be dead right now. He could hear yelling outside. What were they saying? Sam focused his hearing and listened. "We can't just leave him here! They'll find him! They will!" A female's voice said. "He'll be fine if he stays in the box. It looks like any other normal box humans make by putting slabs of cardboard together. He'll be safe." Came a deep male voice. The voices were so familiar, like a very distant memory. Sam felt around and pushed at the loose parts of the box. He looked out into the opening and saw two people with the strong scent of kitsune on them. They both had fox red hair, the male's like his own hair, and the female had hers down and much longer. They man and woman both turned to look at him. Sam gasped. My parents! What is happening? Sam looked down at himself and realized he was tiny once more. I'm six again! No! No! I'm reliving my life! "Samuru, get back inside!" The woman stepped forward and gently pushed Sam back into the box. "Stay hidden. Don't make a sound! Don't move!" Sam pushed himself back out, against his mother's commands. "Stop! What's going on?" Sam yelled. He wasn't really asking them but the world itself. A stronger hand fell on his shoulder. Sam looked up at his father who had taken his mother's place. "We've told you what is happening, Samuru. You'll be okay. You are a gifted kitsune. You will figure out to survive on your own. I know you will. You are very special. You can do this." Sam's father lifted his hand and grasped Sam's smaller hand. "You can." Sam felt himself nod, just as he did all those years ago the first time his parents left him. "That's my boy." The man kissed Samuru's hand and stood to his feet. Samuru's mother stepped forward and kissed Sam's forehead for several seconds, tears streaming down her cheeks before she pulled away and gently pushed Sam back into the box. "Stay hidden." She whispered. Running footsteps could be heard from down the pathway. Sam watched as his parents ran out of the small alleyway, running as fast as they could. Sam peeked out of the flaps. After several long seconds, he finally saw the running legs of what he knew to be hunters of the supernatural, more specifically kitsune. They ran in the direction his parents had gone. Sam sank back into the box after he watched them pass by. He was reliving his life. Perhaps he had been killed and he was really in hell. Or perhaps it was all an illusion. Kitsune were masters of creating worlds of illusions that seemed so realistic until it decided to kill in the end. Sam would have to find the creator of this illusion and kill the kitsune responsible before it killed him. "But it wasn't an illusion, was it?" Harry asked, still sitting in his bed but now holding his stuffed tiger, Whisker, a Christmas present from his father when he was four. : I was so convinced that I was living in an illusion for an entire year before I finally gave up on the idea. Usually, when a kitsune creates an illusion, they create a reality so addicting that whoever the victim is will believe the illusion to be reality and fall into a sense of safety and security. That is when the kitsune kills its victim. However, I had allowed myself to fall into that state several times within the following year; it just became highly unlikely that it was a kitsune's illusion. Sam said. "What happened next?" Harry asked impatiently. "Telling stories without me?" Severus asked as he walked into the room. The potions professor of Hogwarts stopped by Harry's bed. "Get under the covers, young man." Harry crawled under the covers and smiled at Severus. "What's the story?" Severus asked, raising an eyebrow at Sam. "Sam was just telling me about his past. He just finished with his parents abandoning him in an alleyway." Harry answered. "Oh, really?" Severus laid next to Harry. "Mind if I join? I must admit I am curious about your history as well. I'm not too late into the story am I?" : Of course not. Sam winked slyly at Harry. We've only just begun. And mind you, this is an English version of events, considering I spoke Japanese most my life. I didn't learn English until I was almost two hundred years old. As I was saying, my parents left me in hopes that I would survive without them. They were chased by hunters and their fate was sealed that same night. However, . . . Sam remained in the box overnight. It had been a cold night and at some point in the morning it had rained. Sam felt tears in his eyes. He had been abandoned. Left to die on his own. Sam cried, his sobs being the only sounds of the early morning. Sam never left the box that next day, refusing to leave its security. Later that night, after Sam had fallen asleep, he was awoken by the sounds of something moving. Sam peeked out of the box. He saw nothing out of the ordinary. But the sounds continued. Sam crawled out of the box and looked around, staying on his knees as he did so. He finally saw a shape moving quickly on the roofs of the old houses. The shape paused on the roof of the house next to Sam's box and Sam could make out a foxy structure and realized it was a kitsune, and that kitsune was staring right at him. Sam back-crawled away as the kitsune jumped to the ground before him. The fox had five tails and a completely white chest and underbelly. He was the size of a large wolf. He flicked his ears in curiosity. : Hello, little one . What's your name? Sam heard the fox's deep, rich voice in his head. Sam stared at the fox and refused to say a word. He didn't know the kitsune, so why should he answer its question. : Don't be afraid, I won't harm you. Tell me what your name is. Sam withdrew deeper into the box as the larger kitsune neared. I can't fight him off on my own – not this size. It's a simple question, though. Why not answer it? Maybe