Just a little one-shot at the request of a friend. This is the event Harry refers to in Chapter 16 of To Have a Second Chance when he explains how he met the Weasley Twins. In this one-shot, Harry is nine-years-old. Disclaimer: Do not own Harry Potter Harry had been so excited when he watched the sorting of the Weasley twins. Gryffindor – it was no surprise, really, they were in Gryffindor in his previous reality. They were also his friends. He just had to make them his friends in this reality, too. How could he accomplish that, though? It wasn't as if he was the son of Gryffindor Head of House. No, he was the son of a Slytherin, surely the twins wouldn't appreciate that tidbit of information. Harry was slowly losing his excitement at the thought that the twins may never like him as a friend. What if he ended up in Slytherin House when he was eleven? Then he'd have to be rivals with Gryffindor House. Harry's lessons with Uncle Remus had just ended, and he finished packing his bag with his new assignments and started off for his father's office to report to Severus that he was finished for the day, though his dad was sure to make him start on his homework. Harry really wasn't in the mood to begin anything. He'd rather color, or play a game with his dad, or go outside and fly while it was still nice out. Maybe even take his bike out and go for a ride. That would require Severus to floo them home since the Forbidden Forest was no place to ride a bike. Perhaps he could convince his father to shift into their animagus forms, tigers. Harry was still cub-sized, but he loved to shift and wrestle with the larger cat. Harry turned a corner and began descending the stairs. His father expected him soon. He would just need to report how his day went, then he could start begging his dad to do something fun, using his emerald green eyes to emphasize his argument. It worked every time. Suddenly, hands covered his mouth. Harry gasped and fought against the two captors as he was dragged back up the stairs and into a concealed corner of the hall. He tried to scream, but the hands never let up, muffling his cries. "Calm down, kid," said a young voice. "He fights more than Ronnykins does," came another voice, "and we haven't even done anything to him yet." Harry froze at the voices. He looked up at the slightly taller, red-headed boys. The Weasley twins! Harry's eyes widened and he stopped struggling against them. They released him and smiled mischievously. Were the twins looking for a friendship with him? "Are you calm now?" One of the twins asked. "I think so," Harry answered. He looked around and realized he was surrounded by wall and the twins. There was no way out of this corner. "Why did you bring me here? This is kidnapping you know." "You hear that, George? Kids kidnapping kids!" "Didn't know it was a thing!" "We should introduce ourselves." "You're right. I'm George, this is Fred," George said. "No, I'm Fred, this is George," Fred said. "Fred and George Weasley –" "It does seem to flow better that way –" "Doesn't it? Anyway –" "Pleased to make your acquaintance," the twins finished together. Harry blinked at them, then realized they were each holding out a hand to him. "Oh," Harry used both hands to shake theirs. "It's nice to meet you, too. I'm Harry." "So, we've heard," George began. "That you're Professor Snape's son," Fred joined. "Yes," Harry said, wondering where the twins were going with this. "Why does that matter?" "It doesn't," Fred said, "but we figured you would know where we could find some billywig stingers." "And some leech juice," George concluded. "Ginger," "Armadillo bile," "You know, for a potion." Harry felt a huge sense of disappointment wash over him. That was it. He was the son of a potions master and was only good as a supplier to the Weasleys for their pranks. They weren't looking to befriend him – just use him to their advantage. Harry looked down, unsure if he wanted to cry or kick the older boys. "Hey, did we say something wrong?" One of the twins asked. "If you can't help us, that's okay," the other said. "We'll understand if your dad is too Slytherin to try and sneak anything from him." "We tried and he caught us before we could even touch an ingredient." "Had us in detention scrubbing cauldrons." "It was only for a night." "I don't think your dad wants to be around us any longer than necessary." Harry slowly began to smile as he remembered the night his father had come back to their quarters after proctoring the twins' detention. Severus had ranted about how he felt that the twins didn't really take any lesson away from their punishment and what a waste of time it had been. Apparently, the twins had started singing a working song while scrubbing. When Severus told them that it was a quiet detention, they began whispering the lyrics. Severus used a silencing charm on them after that, and for the rest of the detention, the twins sang loudly, opening their mouths wide, though no sound came out. Harry wished he had been there to see his father's frustrated face. Harry looked back up at the twins and smiled. Perhaps the twins did want his friendship, but they also wanted him to join in on their jokes. "What do you say, Harry?" George asked. "Think you can do a little shopping for us?" Harry's smile grew and he nodded his head. "Great!" Fred exclaimed. "Just remember, we need sliced ginger . . ." "Two billywig stingers," George added. "One leech, preferably alive . . ." "And a jar of armadillo bile . . ." "Yuck! Just don't open it until you get it to us." "Can you imagine the smell? Revolting." "Anyway, just get the ingredients and give them to us after potions class tomorrow," Fred concluded. "We plan on brewing it right after class." "You can't join us for that part," George said. "We wouldn't want to risk you in case anything goes wrong. But . . ." "We'll need your help at dinner, though. I mean, you walk around all the tables already, so we'll need you to pour just two drops . . ." "No more than that, into random people's goblets. Some specific people we name for you as well . . ." "Like Percy, of course. And Charlie . . ." "I like Charlie," Harry finally spoke. "I can do it, though. I'll get all the ingredients." "You," George smiled, "are an honorary member of the Weasley clan." Harry finally arrived to his father's office. He was nearly forty minutes late. He had gone over the ingredients a few more times before he could recite them with no problem. They let him go and Harry bolted to his father's office. He pushed the door open, ready to explain his tardiness, only to find the office empty. Harry glanced around. His father wasn't there. Was he out looking for him? Harry gulped and slowly sat down in the chair in front of his father's desk. Usually, if his father wasn't in the office, Harry would jump into the comfy, big chair behind the desk. It made him feel as though he owned the office. His father would come in and smirk at him, shaking his head. Sometimes, he would even sit in the chair in front of the desk and Harry would discuss his teaching material with him, suggesting that the laughing potion and other fun potions be a part of the curriculum. But now wasn't the time for fun and games. His father was probably very upset with him for how late he was. It wasn't his fault, at least. He could explain that to Severus. Harry wasn't sure how long he had been sitting there, but the door to the office opened and Severus walked in. Harry figured his father had put an alarm on the door. Severus stood next to the chair Harry was sitting in and crossed his arms, glaring down at the boy. "You've finally decided to show up," Severus said, disappointment clear in his voice. "Sorry," Harry shrugged, looking down. "I'm up here, young man." Harry snapped his head up. "Where were you?" Severus demanded. I sent a note to Remus asking if he had gone over time to learn that he had finished his lessons with you nearly – what, now – fifty minutes ago! What were you doing? You know to come straight here." "I know," Harry said, "I ran into Fred and George. Technically, they kidnapped me and introduced themselves." "If I hadn't met the twins, I'd say your story was a complete fabrication," Severus said, his glare softening slightly. Then Severus gave Harry a suspicious look. "What did they want?" "Just to meet me," Harry answered quickly. "Hmm," Severus frowned at his son. "I swear, Dad, that was all. They just wanted to know who I was." Severus stared down at his son, and Harry could see the debate in his eyes of whether to believe him or not. Finally, Severus sighed, though he still didn't look happy. He pointed a finger at his son. "I better not find you involved in any mischief with those boys, do you hear me?" "Yes, Dad." Harry said. Harry felt nervous now. His father was already suspicious, how was he supposed to get the ingredients for the twins? This would be challenging. "As for being late, you will be helping me in my lab later tonight. That way, I know where you are." Severus gathered a few things from his desk and led Harry to their quarters. Thanks, Dad, you just made this a lot easier, Harry thought. Harry could easily grab a few items from the potions store while he helped his father cut up ingredients or put washed vials away. Harry loved working with his dad on potions and wondered if Severus really thought he was punishing his son. After a quick dinner in their quarters, Harry found himself chopping daisy roots. His father was busy working on more pepperups, calming draughts, and dreamless sleep potions for the infirmary. Harry wondered how his father kept track of all the different cauldrons. "Dad?" "Yes, son." "How do you know which cauldron is which?" "I label them," Severus answered, tapping the rim of a potion he was adding mint leaves to. Harry peered at it and realized that the cauldrons were engraved with a specific potion's name. That one had Pepper Up engraved just under the rim. "I never noticed before," Harry admitted. "I always thought you were just super smart and all you had to do was look at what you were brewing and you would know." Severus chuckled. "Well, don't let me crush your dreams. Feel free to keep thinking that," Severus smiled proudly at his son. Harry smiled back and continued working on the roots. He looked over at the potions supply closet, where his father kept all the ingredients and spare jars, vials, and containers. He quickly finished chopping the roots and set the small knife down. "Dad, I'm done with this," Harry looked at his father, who was busy measuring out a gooey liquid. "One moment, Harry," Severus said, his eyes fixed on the potion he was working on. "I can go grab more roots to chop," Harry suggested. "You know what shelf I keep them on, correct?" "Yep." "Be quick." Harry hurried into the supply closet. He quickly found an empty container and located prepared ginger. He added several slices before looking for the billywig stingers. He found where his father kept small jars of armadillo bile and grabbed one of those.