Another one-shot idea. Have no fear, I'm working on many others, a few requests and then some. Doing my best to multitask several stories. If you've shared an idea with me in the past but haven't seen the one-shot for it, I'm getting there! And of course, if you have any ideas you'd like to see, just share them in your review. Enjoy! "Come on," Severus encouraged. "Say Daddy." Six-month old Harry stared up at his father, smiling at him with bright green eyes. "Say Da-da," Severus said, "Da-da." "Mamamamama," Harry babbled, reaching his hands up to his mother as she entered his line of view. He rolled on to his stomach and scooted forward a little as Lily walked over to his dresser, pulling out clothes for him. "Are you at it again, Sev?" Lily asked, smiling at her husband. She stood next to him by the crib, staring down at her baby. "I told you, he'll say Daddy when he's ready." "He is ready," Severus argued. "He says "mama" all the time!" "Yes, well, "mama" has been a very constant figure in his life." Lily reached down and picked Harry up, carrying him to the changing table. "So has "dada,"" Severus said, leaning against the crib. "Oh," Lily looked up at Severus with mock surprise, holding out a diaper and an outfit. "Are you volunteering to change him and dress him for the day?" "I could do that," Severus frowned. "But why would that affect his ability to say Daddy?" "You don't get it, do you?" Lily shook her head. "While you slave away at your potions in the lab day and night, I'm slaving away taking care of Harry day and night." "I've fed him, changed him, and clothed him," Severus contended. "I've even given him baths." "Now and then, yes, and it's a big help," Lily gave Severus a grateful look as she worked a one-piece onto Harry. "Especially at night, but Severus, you're always so busy with your work, sometimes I wonder if you've forgotten you even have a son." "I haven't forgotten," Severus moved forward and lifted Harry off the changing table. He held him up high in the air. "And he's the best baby boy in the world." Harry squealed in delight, looking down at his father from this new perspective. "The point is," Lily accepted Harry back from Severus, "that if you got your head out of the fumes and spent as much time with him as I did, he'd be saying Daddy just as often as he says Mama." Severus groaned as he watched Lily leave with Harry on her hip. He knew by her tone that Lily was agitated and it wasn't just because he didn't spend more time with Harry. Some father he was. He loved his son, but he needed the money to take care of his family. His potions were highly prized and he had to make enough to make a good fortune. When he wasn't brewing, he'd split his time between Harry and Lily, taking over baby duties while Lily did other work or relaxing activities. And he'd bring Lily wine while he massaged her thoroughly after a long day. Why wasn't Lily happy now? Severus joined his family in the dining room where Harry was fussing over the new pureed kale Lily was trying to introduce. Lily looked more annoyed than she had been earlier, her red hair frizzled slightly and black bags stood out under her eyes, greatly contrasting the bright green. Harry whined and turned his head away, jerking his body in a fuss. Severus rushed over to the highchair to save Lily from throwing in the towel and throwing out the food. "Here, let me try, Lils." Severus took the baby spoon from Lily who moved to the head of the table, sliding her coffee over with her in a defeated manner. Severus put the end of the spoon in his mouth and shook it like a dog would a new toy, being careful not to make a mess of the green slop at the end of the spoon. Harry smiled at him and leaned in closer. Severus growled playfully and leaned in as well. Harry bit down at the end of the spoon, copying his father. He smacked his lips at the taste of the pureed green. He didn't seem too excited over the bland new food, but he had tried some. "You're a genius," Lily muttered over her coffee. "I'm with him more hours of the day and he eats something new for you. A bloody genius." Severus handed the baby spoon to Harry and set the bowl of pureed kale in front of him. Harry flung the spoon across the room and slapped his hand into the bowl before tasting the food on his fingers. "What's wrong, Lily?" Severus asked. "You seem upset." "I'm not, hun, I'm just . . ." Lily rubbed at her face. "I'm tired. I love Harry and I love spending time with him, but . . . I can't do anything. I have to raise my baby, but it's wearing me down. I would love a vacation." Severus sighed. He could understand where Lily was coming from. "Oh, what a terrible thing to say," Lily mumbled. "A vacation from my own baby." "That's not what you meant and you know it," Severus said. "I think you are far overdue for a vacation. I have an idea." Lily watched Severus jump up from the table and head to his study, wondering what Severus's grand idea was. "Mamama!" Harry squealed happily. "Oh," Lily snorted and laughed at the sight of Harry – his face, neck, hands, and the front of his one-piece covered in green splotches, the bowl tossed to the floor. "Harry Sevvie, you silly boy! Let's get you cleaned up." "But Severus," Lily gaped as she stared at the parchment she had just received. "That's three days!" "And you need those three days, love," Severus stated. "Three days at the wonderful Hogsmeade Spa, just you, a room with a big, warm bathtub – and those bath salts you love!" Severus moved around Lily and rubbed her shoulders, massaging the muscles. "And an indoor pool and hot tub, a free yoga class, a sauna, and an hour long deep tissue massage." "Mmm," Lily moaned, leaning against Severus as he massaged her. "It all does sound relaxing . . ." "You cannot not accept this," Severus told her firmly, "I've arranged a nice schedule for you and I already paid a booking fee." "What about Harry?" "He's with his father, he'll be fine." "That's not very reassuring." "That hurts, Lily. I'll take care of Harry while you're away and I promise you by the time you return, he'll be saying Daddy more than he says Momma." "I'd like to see that," Lily smirked. She looked down at the parchment, a brochure of where she would be staying. "It looks so beautiful – and only a mile outside of Hogsmeade. You spoil me, Severus." Lily turned and pulled Severus's head down to lock their lips together. After a long, loving kiss, they withdrew and Severus helped Lily pack for her three-day vacation. "Alright, Harry," Severus smiled once Lily had left. "It's just me and you." Harry bounced on his feet in the baby jumper Lily had set him in, wearing a new one-piece. Severus sat down in front of him, smiling but wondering what he was supposed to do. He watched Harry with mild interest as the boy stared at himself in a mirror attached to the jumper. One would think Harry had never seen himself before with the way he was staring. After a minute, Severus sighed and he itched to go back in his lab and brew. Maybe this was why he hid in his lab most days – babies were completely boring. "I have an idea." Severus pulled Harry out of the jumper and carried him downstairs to his lab. He set up a baby gate and waved his wand to extend it the full width of the basement. He set Harry down behind it and summoned some toys for him: a colorful xylophone, a colorful Rock-a-Stack, a rattle, linking rings, and a couple teethers, which Harry immediately began gnawing on. Severus smiled and spelled a barrier over Harry's play area to prevent any potentially dangerous fumes from being inhaled by the baby. Severus set up a cauldron and just as he got it boiling, he heard a loud upset squeal from Harry. He quickly walked over to Harry's play area and looked down at the little boy sitting among the toys. Harry giggled happily and held up a ring from the Rock-a-Stack. "How nice," Severus commented. Harry tried to gnaw on the ring, but couldn't fit much of it in his mouth. Severus sighed and walked back to his cauldron. He started crushing a bezoar for his antidote to common poisons potion when he heard another loud angry cry from Harry. He quickly set the mortar aside and rushed over to Harry, making sure the boy wasn't choking on anything or trying to knock the baby gate down. Harry was sitting in the same spot with the same ring. His frown immediately turned to a smile as he stared up at Severus, gnawing on the ring again. Severus took a deep breath and shook his head at Harry before turning back to the cauldron and crushing the bezoar again. He was measuring out the bezoar when he heard another upset cry from Harry. He grinded his teeth and continued what he was doing, but Harry cried out again, then let out an angry shriek. Severus dropped what he was doing and rushed over to the baby gate. Harry smiled up at him and waved the ring around. It flew out of his hand unintentionally and Harry stared at it from where he sat, as if amazed that the ring could suddenly fly away. He blew raspberries, drool dribbling down his chin. Severus bit back an irritated growl as he returned to his potion. He added the crushed bezoar and began measuring out Standard Ingredient when Harry let out an angry shriek. Severus growled under his breath as he tried to pay attention to what he was doing. Harry shrieked again. And again. And again, getting louder in decibel each time. Nearly snarling, Severus dropped what he was doing and walked back over to the baby gate. Harry smiled at him, his toothless smile wide and sweet. Severus growled in irritation. "Will you stop doing that!?" He snapped at Harry. The effect was almost immediate. Harry lost his smile and his lips quivered and his eyes watered. Then, he started screaming in tears. Severus regretted his actions just as quickly and jumped over the baby gate, rushing over to Harry. "Ohh, baby, shh," Severus picked Harry up and rocked him. "Daddy's sorry, I'm so sorry. Daddy didn't mean to scare you. Shh." Harry kept crying even as Severus rocked him. After what felt like an eternity to Severus (ten minutes), Harry calmed down a bit, still wearing a pouty face. "Mama," he whined. "Right," Severus sighed. "Definietly no closer to having you say Dada, huh?" Harry just gave Severus a pouty face. Behind them, the cauldron started bubbling angrily before exploding. Splatters hit the shield Severus had set up, dripping down to the floor. Severus sighed again. Wonderful, no potion, no happy baby, and no Lily. What was he supposed to do now? Severus left his basement after casting a cleaning spell and carried Harry back upstairs. He set Harry down in the jumper and sat in front of him as he did earlier. "That was a fail," he told his son. Harry was entranced with his reflection in the mirror again, completely ignoring Severus. The man sighed and rubbed his face with his hands. Was there anyway to make Harry livelier? Were all