Just an adorable one-shot told completely from two-year-old Harry's point of view. Enjoy! "Sirius, I thought you said you were watching him!" Daddy shouted. Harry looked up at his Daddy from where he sat in front of the open fridge with a carton of eggs. There was yolk and eggshells all over the floor and on himself. He had been enjoying smashing the eggs. Harry picked up an egg that wasn't broken yet and held it up to show Daddy, smiling happily. "Look, Daddy," he said happily. Daddy didn't look happy though. He took the egg from Harry's hand and set it on the counter far out of Harry's reach. Then he picked up Harry, closed the fridge, and carried him out of the kitchen and back into the living room. He laid Harry on his back on the floor and performed a quick cleaning charm on him. "Sorry, Severus," Uncle Sirius said from in front of the fireplace. "I had to floo call Scrimgeour." Harry rolled on to his stomach and tried to crawl away from Daddy and to his teddy bunny bear (stuffed purple rabbit) but he was pulled back and flipped on his back once more. His pants were pulled down and Harry allowed Daddy to change him. "You told me you had everything worked out with work already," Daddy said as he cleaned Harry and grabbed a new nappy. "If I am going to work in the lab, I need someone that can actually keep an eye on him. Until I can find a more stable job, I'm stuck with brewing and if you can't even watch him for five minutes, I'll hire a sitter who can." Harry was growing impatient with how long Daddy was taking to change him and tried to roll away as Daddy slid his pants back on. Daddy stood him up to slip the pants on his waist. Harry was glad to be released and he toddled over to a large coloring sheet on the floor, picking up a red crayon and scribbling on it. "I can watch him," Uncle Sirius said. "I looked away for a minute –" "And that is exactly how long it takes for a child to find trouble," Daddy said. Harry put the red crayon in his mouth but before he could bite down, Daddy took the crayon away. "You do not eat these," Daddy told him, picking up the rest of the crayons off the floor and setting them up on a shelf. Harry dropped on all fours and crawled towards his teddy bunny bear. He picked it up and ran towards the kitchen once more, only to have Daddy catch him and place him in the center of the living room. "Look, Sirius, I need you to be a little more alert with him," Daddy was telling Uncle Sirius. Harry watched as Daddy pulled out his wand (he knew not to touch it – Daddy smacked his bottom once when he did) and perform a spell. A baby gate appeared in different doorways. "Daddy, you play with me?" Harry asked, then remembered, "please?" "Not now, son," Daddy answered. Harry pouted. "Severus, just go back to your work, I'll clean the mess in the kitchen and get Harry set up with some game." "You better just keep a closer eye on him. He's eaten lunch and I just changed him, so he should be fine for a while – just keep him occupied. I'm going back downstairs." Harry watched Daddy leave through the door he wasn't allowed to open. Uncle Sirius looked down at him and shook his head. "You're a troublemaker," Uncle Sirius said. "I'm going to clean your egg mess in the kitchen. You stay here and play . . . with this." Uncle Sirius shoved some large building blocks Harry's way before stepping over a baby gate and entering the kitchen. Harry began balancing the blocks, building a tower as tall as himself. He clapped his hands at his amazing construction, but no one else was around to share the same joy. Harry knocked the tower down frustrated. He sat on the floor and held his teddy bunny bear. He jumped at the sound of the floo flaring up and a strange man stepped through. It was a lion-like man with yellowish eyes behind wire-rimmed spectacles and he stepped out of the fireplace with a slight limp, leading the way with a wooden walking stick. Uncle Sirius came running out of the kitchen, leaping over the gate and standing in front of Harry with his wand aimed at the intruder. "Head Scrimgeour?" Uncle Sirius lowered his wand at the smirking man. "I see you are always prepared, Black," the man said. He looked down at Harry. "How adorable. But I need to discuss more important matters with you. I'm sure you can babysit and have tea with me as we discuss your next mission in a couple of your own estates." "Of course, sir," Uncle Sirius led the new man to the kitchen. The man gave Harry one last but distant look before disappearing into the kitchen. Harry looked around for something to do, setting his teddy bunny bear down. Harry was about to stand up when chirping caught his attention. He looked up at the window to see a bird with a worm in its mouth. He laughed at the silly sight. Another bird landed on the window sill and accepted the worm. Harry laughed again and crawled to the window. He stood up using the wall for support but he couldn't see out of the window no matter how far back he craned his neck. He looked at the front door and toddled over to it. He had been slowly discovering how the knobs on the door worked and he reached up and turned the knob. The door opened after a few tugs. Harry laughed before toddling down the stairs of the porch. He looked for the birds but they were long gone. No matter. He ran as fast as his little legs could carry him to his playground. After sliding down the baby slide, Harry spotted a frog hopping away from the playground. "Froggie!" Harry called to it, following it. "Rib-rib! Rib-rib!" The frog leaped faster toward the pond as Harry tried to catch it. The boy nearly fell on his face as he rushed forward and squatted to grab the amphibian. The frog croaked before leaping into the pond, Harry stopping right before the water. Harry leaned forward and looked into the pond, trying to spot the frog. He wobbled on his feet and swayed back and forth before falling on his bottom in the soft grass. A common blue butterfly flew past Harry and he smiled, rolling over and pushing himself to his feet to follow the pretty insect. "Butterfly!" Harry yelled. The butterfly flew to a tree near the entrance of the forest, landing obliviously on the trunk. Harry toddled over to the tree and slapped his hand down on the trunk. He picked up his hand to look underneath, only to see that there was no butterfly. Confused, Harry looked up and saw the butterfly fluttering deeper into the trees. He laughed and ran deeper into the trees. Harry lost sight of the colorful insect, but his attention was drawn by corncockle flowers growing in the meadow field he found himself in. "Ooh," Harry cooed as he squatted to pick some pink flowers. Then, blue columbines caught his eye. "Ahh," Harry squealed as he toddled over and picked those flowers as well. He saw a lone daisy and decided he wanted that one as well and plucked it from the ground. He had a wonderful collection of pretty, colorful flowers now and he was sure Daddy would love them. He brought them to his nose and sniffed them. "Mmm, Daddy, I pick these for you," Harry turned and held the flowers up, but Daddy wasn't behind him like he always was. He had forgotten that he had left the house alone. Harry stared back at the house before he started toddling back over to it, slowly beginning to run. Then a rabbit darted in front of him. Harry fell back in surprise but luckily landed on his bottom in a soft patch of grass. His flowers fell from his hand and scattered around him He looked in the direction the rabbit had gone before he giggled and pushed himself up. He ran after the bunny, running deeper into the woodland. Harry couldn't keep up with the little rabbit and it soon disappeared from his sight. Harry stopped running and looked around for his house. It was nowhere in his sight. Harry kept spinning around, trying to figure out which way he should go when a little polecat appeared, clinging to the bark of a tree. It was a ferret-like creature with a dark mask across its face. It had dark brown fur and it sniffed at Harry curiously. Harry stared at it before smiling. "Mousy!" Harry exclaimed. He reached for the polecat, but it scuttled around the tree and looked at him from the other side. "Come here, Mousy!" Harry called to it, circling the tree as the polecat crawled around it to avoid his death gripping hands. The polecat jumped off the tree and scurried across the woodland floor. Harry chased after it eagerly, following Mousy to wherever it led him. He tried to snatch it when he thought he was close enough, but instead he just fell forward on his knees. Mousy was very sneaky. He looked up and saw that Mousy had stopped a few feet ahead of him and was staring intently at him with blue beady eyes, as if the little rodent was waiting for him. Harry giggled and stood back up and chased after Mousy. "Here, Mousy-mousy!" Harry called to it. Mousy stayed far ahead of Harry, but it did slow down as it neared a small section of the river that ran through the woods. Mousy climbed up a log and sat on it, looking at Harry as he approached. Harry stopped by the bank and looked into the water. A lot of shiny fish swam by in the slow-moving section. Harry squatted and stuck his hand in the water, waving it around a little. Fish brushed up against his hand, tickling him and he laughed. Harry moved his hand around more, trying to grab a fish. A large trout swam towards Harry's hand, opening its mouth. Harry reached his hand deeper into the water towards it, thinking the trout may nibble his finger like goldfish. Then, Mousy jumped in front of him and scurried past him quickly, leaving the water. Harry fell back in surprise, the sudden movement scaring the trout. Harry chuckled and quickly stood and chased after the rodent. The polecat moved quickly, running towards an open meadow. Harry grew distracted as he arrived in the clearing. A small herd of roe deer leaped through the meadow. Harry watched the deer in fascination, having never seen such animals except in books. A noise caught his attention and Harry looked to his right. A little fawn covered in spots stood on wobbly legs where it had been lying in the grass. The fawn was as tall as Harry was. Harry reached out and pet the roe fawn on the head, feeling its soft fur. The fawn brayed. "Hi, me Harry," Harry told the deer. "You soft. What your name?" The fawn brayed again. It took a single step before falling forward on its face, its spotted hind up in the air. Harry laughed happily and looked at Mousy, who stood up on its hindlegs and stared at Harry and the fawn with interest. The fawn pushed itself up and wobbled for a few seconds. It tried a few more steps before falling again, this time, completely to the ground. Harry clapped his hands, staying at the