This story is referenced in Chapter 22 of To Have a Second Chance. I hope you enjoy Harry's terrible, horrible, no good, very bad weekend! "Daddy! Daddy!" Harry ran down the hall and back to his quarters with a silver tabby cat in his arms. He had found the little cat roaming the halls all alone and after petting it for a while, he picked the cat up to go show his father. The poor kitty was sure to need a home. "Dad!" Harry stormed into his quarters looking for Severus. He checked the kitchen, then the study, and then his father's bedroom. The cat in his arms squirmed, meowing angrily. Harry pat the cat's head to reassure it before knocking on the lab door. "Come in, Harry," he heard his father's voice. Happy to hear him, Harry charged in, holding the kitty up for his father to see, though the man was looking down at a parchment writing numbers as he took stock of ingredients laid out before him. "Dad, I found a kitty!" Harry exclaimed, still holding the cat up. "Can I keep it!" "I sure hope it isn't Mrs. Norris," Severus said as he finished writing down a number. "Mr. Filch will have my head if you . . ." Severus trailed off as he lifted his head and looked down at his six-year-old son and the angry cat he was holding up Baby Simba style. The cat glared at him and Severus couldn't help but laugh at the face and the poor cat's predicament. "What, Dad?" Harry asked, still holding the cat up. "Can I keep him?" "Her, Harry," Severus corrected with a smirk. "And I'm not so sure she would make a good pet." The cat hissed and swiped a paw at Severus, her ears flattening against her head. "Please, Daddy?" Harry made a sad face, widening his eyes, his lower lip trembling. "I'll take good care of her. I'll feed her and play with her and . . ." "It's not that, son," Severus held up a hand to silence the boy. "You know how we are animagi? How we can turn into tigers?" Harry nodded, lowering the cat since his arms were getting tired. He wondered what being an animagus had to do with keeping the cat. "Well," Severus continued, "Professor McGonagall . . ." Severus said no more and simply motioned to the cat with his head, giving his son a pointed look. Harry looked at the cat as realization dawned on him and his cheeks flamed red. How could he have forgotten that the transfiguration professor was also an animagus? "Oh," Harry said as he gently put the tabby down in front of him. "Sorry, Professor." The tabby huffed indignantly, raising her twitching tail as she spared one last annoyed glance at Harry before scowling at Severus. Severus smirked down at her but waved his wand to open the door to his quarters so she could leave. "My apologies, Minerva," Severus said, "I'm sure it won't happen again." The tabby hissed at Severus one last time before strutting out of the lab with the last bit of dignity she could muster, leaving the Snapes' apartment. The door clicked behind her. "I really didn't know," Harry said, his face still burning. "Sorry." "Oh, I'm not mad," Severus chuckled. "Amused, actually. Though I'll probably be hearing from her very shortly. Are you ready to go to Uncle Remus's tomorrow morning?" Severus returned to counting the last few things on the table in front of him before sending the vials and containers back to his supply closet. "Why can't I go with you?" Harry jumped on the stool in front of the table, sitting down and watching everything fly to its proper place. Due to complications with travel, Severus had to cancel his Friday morning potions class (much to the students delight) to leave early enough for the international Floo that would take him to France where he would meet with botanists. "I'm collecting yew berries, hemlock, and deadly nightshade among other things," Severus informed as he put his wand away. "Clearly I cannot bring you along." "It's not like I'm going to eat anything," Harry whined. He hated when his dad had to leave him, even though he loved his uncles and aunts and enjoyed spending time with them. He always ended up missing his father and he didn't like the feeling. "I know, son. But it's for your safety and my peace of mind. You'll have fun with Uncle Remus – you always do." "But I'll miss you." "As will I," Severus picked Harry up and swung him through the air as he left the lab, earning loud squeals from the boy. Severus rested Harry on his hip as he closed his lab door. He ruffled Harry's hair with his free hand. "But don't worry, you can floo call me during the evenings. I found a wizarding hotel with floo accessibilities so we can stay in touch. How does that sound? Agreeable?" "Yes, Daddy," Harry said. Harry watched his father floo away after dropping him off at Uncle Remus's house. He wasn't happy to see him go but he followed Remus to the guest room designed specifically for when he visited. The walls were painted blue and had clouds and dragons scattered all over them. Some of the dragon paintings flapped their wings – it was so cool! Harry watched a Norwegian ridgeback do just that. "Why don't you unpack your bag, alright?" Remus suggested, smiling at Harry's mesmerized face. He set Harry's bag down on the bed. "Okay," Harry said. Remus left the room and Harry jumped on the bed and crawled over to his bag, pulling out his tiger blanket, a gift from Aunt Petunia. He laid the blanket on the bed. Then he pulled out Whisker, his favorite stuffed tiger toy. Harry let Whisker rest at the head of the bed, right next to his pillow. Harry pulled out the clothes he had for the three days and put them in the dresser before putting the bag in the closet. Walking downstairs, Harry found Remus sitting in an armchair reading the daily prophet. Remus's house was average-sized, just a bit smaller that Snape Manor. It was a cozy home in Harry's opinion and due to the Wolfsbane potion Severus supplied to Remus, the forest just outside Remus's home suited well during the full moon. "All unpacked, Harry?" Remus asked, lowering the paper. "Mm-hmm." "How about we start our lesson? Just because your father cancelled his class doesn't mean I will cancel mine." Harry smiled at the comment and nodded. He enjoyed his lessons with Remus, though he could do without the math. Remus set them up at the dining table. For most of the morning, Harry played with A, E, I, O, and U, coming up with long and short vowel words. Then, Remus led Harry outside where he taught Harry about the life cycle of a butterfly. Together, they searched for butterfly eggs on leaves (which proved to be very hard), caterpillars, found one chrysalis, and finally, used a net to catch a couple butterflies. They released them after they were done looking at their beautiful wings. After lunch, Harry was disappointed to work on math, but Remus always found a way to make it fun. A box of Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans was dumped out in front of him. Remus had Harry count out 25 beans, then he would have Harry add or subtract a given number. Harry was allowed to eat the beans once they were done, and Harry had managed to get Remus to try a couple, earwax and vomit flavored. Finally, they worked on an art project. Remus showed Harry how to sculpt with clay, and Harry made a mug-sized cauldron. Remus put it in the oven and used his wand to quickly kiln-fire it and cool it down. Harry happily painted his cauldron a gray with fire along the bottom of it. After Remus spelled the paint dry, Harry stuffed his cauldron with different colored playdough. "This is for Dad," Harry informed Remus once his project was complete. "It's very nice, Harry," Remus smiled. "Why don't you go set it on your dresser where it will be safe. Then wash your hands and come down to eat." After a hearty dinner and a delicious treacle tart, Harry followed Remus up the stairs to a bathroom that was across the hall to his room. "Let's get your bath ready," Remus said, "and then we can have story time." Harry undressed while Remus drew the bath, feeling the water for warmth. "Would you like toys?" Remus asked as Harry stepped into the tub. "Yes, please," Harry smiled. "And bubbles!" Remus smiled back before reaching under the sink and pulling out some toys and a bottle of bath bubbles. Harry studied the plastic boat and rubber animal toys while Remus poured a couple drops of the bath bubbles into the water. Harry happily watched bubbles form in the still filling water. "I'm going to go get a towel and your pajamas ready," Remus said, standing and leaving the bathroom. Harry picked up bubbles and pressed them to his chin, feeling like Albus Dumbledore with his new beard. Severus always laughed at his antics with bubbles. Harry looked at the rim and discovered that the bottle of bath bubbles was still sitting there, opened and asking to be dumped. Remus had only put in a couple drops. What good would that do? All the bubbles would disappear halfway through his bath. He would just add a little more to the water. Harry listened for Remus before grabbing the bottle and pouring half of it near the running faucet. He watched in awe as an avalanche of bubbles began forming, quickly filling the tub from front to back. Harry smiled. Maybe just a few more bubbles. Harry poured more of the liquid bit by bit, watching as he was slowly engulfed by the growing white mass. He dumped the bottle one last time, but nothing came out. Harry pouted at the now empty bottle, glaring at it. His eyes widened as he read the label on the side. Based off the muggle invention – amuse your kids with multiplying bubbles! It takes two drops to fill a bathtub to the rim. Just have a consistent water source. Use with caution. This bottle wasn't just an ordinary bottle of bubbles. It was made in the wizarding world. And if two drops filled a bathtub to the rim . . . oh no! Harry watched with wide eyes as the bubbles started growing into mountains around him, enclosing him in a valley of bubbles. The water in the tub was barely halfway full, yet bubbles were spilling over the edge and spreading on the bathroom floor. Harry tried to crush as many bubbles in his reach to stop the flow, but the mountains kept rising higher. Soon, Harry was enclosed in bubbles, the water now halfway full in the tub, but the buubles reaching for the ceiling. Harry was sure the bubbles outside of the tub were just as high. Harry tried to slap at all the bubbles around him to free himself. The faucet! That should stop the bubbles. Harry tried to find the faucet in the white clouds, but he only grasped more and more bubbles. "Harry!" He heard Remus's voice shout. "What did you do?" The mountains of bubbles started shrinking and Harry could finally see the bathroom once more. He could also see an annoyed Uncle Remus who was using his wand to banish away all the bubbles. "I was gone for what – two minutes?" Remus looked at the empty bubble bottle floating in the bath water and he glared at Harry. "So, you thought to have a bubble party, is that it?" "No," Harry denied, staring at the now bubble-free water. "It was