Hey all! So this is my first oneshot, this happened mostly as a result of the fact that I needed a small mental break from some of the really terrible stuff that was going on in my fic Fire is Catching. This is just a bit of fluff and cuteness and some minor smut, but I hope you like it! This takes place post Mockingjay, but pre-epilogue. I stalked around the kitchen, opening all of the cabinets and closing them with a heavy sigh after thoroughly inspecting them. I pulled open the doors to the freezer and refrigerator simultaneously. Leftovers from last night; eww, leftovers from weeks ago. Vanilla ice cream, apples, chicken, what was left of the deer I shot the other week that I hadn't given away. Milk, cheese, pickles, I didn't want any of it. I pushed the doors closed and got a glass of water from the sink before I lowered myself into a chair at the kitchen table. This was terrible. We had plenty of food, but nothing I wanted. I heard the door open and close, Peeta's uneven steps across the living room floor. "Katniss, I'm home!" He called, finally entering the kitchen, "Oh! Here you are, what are you doing?" He brushed a kiss to the top of my head and got his own glass of water before sitting down across from me with a smile. "What's wrong? You look miserable." I pouted. "I am! We have nothing to eat." He raised an eyebrow, smirking at me. "Oh? Is that so?" he asked, standing and looking in the refrigerator. "Yes!" He laughed. "Katniss, there's tons of food in here!" "Well," I huffed, "Nothing that I want." He laughed again. "Silly woman, what would you like?" he asked, turning to look at me. "I don't know." "Katniss-" he sighed. "Alright, well, think about it, I'll make you anything you want. How did today go? Weren't you helping Sae?' "I was" I replied. "Then she sent me home, said she couldn't deal with me today." "Why didn't you stop in? I would have been more than happy to have you with me today." I sighed. "I didn't want to bother you too." "You could never bother me Katniss, you know that." "I know." I mumble, feeling a bit ashamed. After everything the two of us have gone through, the challenges, the sacrifices, I love this man with everything I have and he loves me back. He could never bother me either. "How about I make you some cheese buns?" he asks, reaching down for my hand. "And chocolate cake?" I ask hopefully, hopping up to be wrapped in his embrace. He tilts my face up and presses a sweet kiss against my lips before resting his forehead against mine and laughing again. "And chocolate cake; on one condition." "Ohhh, what is it?" I inquire, wrapping my arms around him and tucking my hands into his back pockets. "That you help. You can be my sous chef tonight." I frown for a moment and then he starts raining kisses all over my face, whispering 'please' after each one. "Alright." I declare dramatically, but grin at him to let him know it's really fine. "Perfect. I'll be right back." He kisses me again, spins me back into my chair and bounds out of the back door. I turn around to stare after him, watching him run to the back door of his own house. Peeta and I live in my house that I got for being a victor, but Peeta's wasn't completely unoccupied. He mostly used it as his studio. For painting and baking when he wasn't down at the shop. Or if he needed to make more than what his Bakery could handle right now he did a few extra batches of items up here. I knew we didn't have all of the supplies handy for both of the things we would be baking, so the spare house was always great to have right next door for times like these. He was back, several minutes later, completely laden with all sorts of stuff. "Oh my gosh Peeta, why didn't you tell me you needed help?" I asked, springing up to start taking things from him. "It's fine, it's not a big deal." He told me, kissing me again. "I'm not an invalid you know!" I told him, hands on my hips. He laughed again "Neither am I!" "Ok, poor choice of words, but you know what I'm saying." "I do." Arms empty he pulled me into his embrace again. "Why aren't I allowed to do nice things and take care of you?" "You are, Peeta, but I just-" "Just nothing, Katniss. The next time you want chocolate cake AND cheese buns you can get the stuff yourself, alright?" "Thats fair enough. Now let's do this! I'm starving." He let me go and strode over to the cabinets, pulling out pans, trays and bowls and then moved to the oven, turning it on to the right temperature. "Bread first, that's easiest, and takes the shortest amount of time." "Got it, just tell me what to do." I replied, hopping over to stand next to him at the counter. He grabbed the biggest bowl and started pouring in flour. "Don't you measure?" I asked, a bit incredulous. "Not anymore. I don't really need to, I make this one so often, especially for you." He teased; I blushed, but continued to watch him. I could watch him work all day long if he would let me; actually, I could probably watch him to just about anything all day if he let me. Reading, painting, gardening, sleeping, the list could go on forever. "Are you listening to me?" He interrupted my thoughts. "Hmm? Oh no, I wasn't." I grinned. "What did you say?" He pushed the bowl towards me. "Knead this." "With what?" I asked, not seeing utensils. "Not mix it, knead it. With your hands." "Gross." I made a face, but made to stick my hands in the bowl anyway. Peeta grabbed me and steered me to the sink. "Wash your hands first, then you can get started, make sure you dry them well." "Yes sir." I responded, which earned me a sharp slap on my behind. I squealed and spun to face him, his arms reached around to rest on the sink and boxed me in. "No back talk." he whispered. "Understand?" I bit my lip and nodded and he nipped my earlobe and neck before spinning me back to the sink. "Good, now wash your hands and let me know when that dough is ready. I finished washing my hands and dried them for several minutes, until I was sure they couldn't be any more dry. I shuffled around Peeta and looked down at the bowl. Now or never. It wasn't so bad at first, everything was separate, a layer of oil and water and a few eggs and then all of the dry stuff, once I really started to get in there though, all of that changed. I tried to ignore the icky, sticky feeling on my hands. I looked over at Peeta, who was wholly devoted to mixing everything up for the cake. "You know what's weird?" I queried, still kneading, but looking at him. He made a small noise of acknowledgement, but didn't look up. "Considering us, and our past and bread, and how important bread was, is. You and I have never made anything together before, and it's been how long now? Ten years?" He finally looked up at me, nodding, a soft smile on his lips. "That is strange." I saw the smile waver for a moment. "I must ask though, what have you been doing?" "What do you mean? I've been KNEADING!" I told him, lifting my goo coated hands out of the bowl. "You got it all over you!" "Well I don't see how I did. I haven't touched anything but this dough." He reached over and brushed my left shoulder and then my chest, flour floating to the floor. "Maybe you were a bit overzealous to start off." "Maybe you should have helped me get started." I taunted. "Perhaps." He stepped behind me and stuck my hands back into the bowl, his landing on top of my own. "You need to knead it like this." He whispered, chin resting on my shoulder, and he started moving his hands slowly, showing me the proper technique. "I guess I was doing it wrong." I said quietly, my body thrumming with the close contact. "Well, that's why I'm here, to show you how to do it properly." His hands smoothed down over mine, cleaning off my hands as best he could and I moaned at the feel. "Katniss." He warned lowly. I nodded. "I can't help it, I'm sorry, you just-" He kissed my neck, shutting me up. "You have flour in your hair too." he said lowly. I almost laughed, it wasn't a sexy sentence at all, but that man made it sound like it was. "Perhaps that's why we've never made anything together, you just make a huge mess." I removed my hands from underneath his own, spun around and quickly took him in. "And you, are far too immaculate." I replied, reaching my hands up, running up into his hair while I placed my other on his cheek. His eyes narrowed and I pulled my best innocent look, which wasn't much, but it had the desired effect. He laughed. I pulled him down to me and captured his lips in a searing kiss. "I love you." I whispered against his lips. "And I'm sorry I suck at baking." He kissed me again and settled me on top of the counter, I hooked my legs around him. "I'll forgive you, maybe you can figure it out over time, I guess I'm just lucky you manage to do other things so well. "I hope you don't have any improper ideas, there's still bread and cake to be made here." He frowned and then nuzzled my neck. "How about after?" "That's rude." He whispered as he stepped away from me. I hopped down and washed my hands. "I just really want food!" I whined. "Fine, I'll be done in a minute, and then, you're all mine." I shivered at the promise in his tone and turned to watch him finish with the dough and set it out on the pans before he sprinkled more cheese on top and then stuck it in the over. "You know, you can't eat bread and cake for dinner." he told me, leaning back against the counter. "And why is that?" "It's not healthy." "Please, Sae made me eat nothing but fruit end vegetables when I was helping her, I want something good." "Just this once?" I shrugged. "I can't promise that." I sidled over to him and grabbed one of his arms, resting it on my slightly swelled stomach. "I need to answer to this one." I said quietly. He hummed happily, running his hand over me, before pushing up my shirt to run his calloused hand over my warm skin. "Maybe I'll have to have a talk with him." "Or her!" I cried, pinching his arm lightly He laughed. "Yes, or her." He laughed and kissed me. "So, Mrs. Mellark, since we have some time, what do you suggest we do?" he asked lowly, running his nose along my neck. "I think we can think of something." I mused, leading him out to the living room and pushing him down onto the couch. I unbuttoned his shirt quickly and raked my fingernails lightly over the revealed skin. Peeta's hands reached for me, quickly divesting me of my own shirt and then pulling me down for a kiss, his hands cupped my breasts and I moaned into his mouth. We stripped each other swiftly, falling into a frenzy with one another, and tumbling together onto the