THE RENEGADES AND THE WAND OF STONE By Piper-Audrey Freeman SUMMERY: It's 2016 at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and, like every year, a new group of first years are making their way into the school. However, It seems the Hogwarts staff doesn't know just what their getting themselves into because this year they're getting a band of trouble-makers the likes of which they've has never seen. Be prepared to journey back to Hogwarts and meet a new generation of heroes, Angela Sterling-Parkinson, Porter Thornton, Grant Anderson, and Felix Finnigan, as they start what they hope to be the best seven years of their lives. But Darkness is stirring in the magical world and a recent disappearance is confirming some of Harry Potter's worst fears. Have the Ministry's best Auror's failed to round up all of Voldemort's followers, or is this a new force of Darkness all together? No one is certain and all anyone can know for sure is that something big is going to hit the magical world. Soon. One thing's for certain though, and it's that this new adventure calls for a new set of heroes. A new generation of heroes. Our generation of heroes. (Next Generation, meaning like Harry, Ron, Hermione and all them's kids. So like Albus and Scorpius and all them. You get the idea. It's kinda epilogue compliant, like, all the major points are the same, like Harry and Ginny got married and had James Sirius Potter, Albus Severus Potter, and Lily Luna Potter, and Ron and Hermione got married and had Rose and Hugo Granger-Weasley. Again, you get the idea. But you know, some minor things could be off. Also I'm kinda ignoring The Cursed Child, in the sense that I'm picking and choosing what I wanna include. Like the whole plot of it is pretty much out, but like, things like Scorpius's cinnamon roll personality and Draco being an amazing father are totally in.) WARNING: Light, light, light swearing in this chapter (Like the word damn or arse, and stuff like that) DISCLAIMER: I do not own Harry Potter or any of the canon characters. Those rights go to JK Rowling and Warner Brothers and so on and so forth. The only things I own are the story and my original characters such as the Sterling-Parkinson sister, Angela, Elesa, and Pansy, Porter and Courtney Thornton, Grant Anderson, Felix and Teagan Finnigan, Frank, Augusta and Alice Longbottom, Maia and Carina Nott, Randall Maccon, Mimi Carrie, Genevieve and Winifred Snow, Arthur and Clara Weasley, Taylor Wood, Kimberly Macmillan, Silas Zabini, Alec Radcliff, Julius and Clarissa Davenport, Irene Dillinger, Fleur and Alfred Johnston-Delacour, Lydia Thomas, Tansy Dursley, Maxine Hathaway, Alfred, Charlotte, Cain, Orion, Viktoria and Gina Blackbourne, Cedric Chang-Haun, Callie Fitzgerald, among many MANY others. That's all I can think of off the top of my head. (I'll probably put out a proper list of all the characters in this that are my own at some point). AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hi I'm Piper-Audrey, Author of The Renegades Series. This is the first story, The Wand of Stone . Anyway if you like this please, please, please, review even if it's just to say to update soon or whatever. Reviews let me know you guys enjoyed the story and encourage me to write, so review! Also I just want to say: I don't mind criticism as long as it's helpful . I literally cannot put enough emphasis on that. I really don't care if you don't like the story, if you just want to complain about it. I don't really want to hear it. But, if you don't like it and actually have some constructive feedback on how I can improve upon it, them feel free to let me know! As long as you guys are respectful, I'll be respectful too! Also feel free to PM me if you like, I'm pretty approachable, so feel free to come to me with anything!(even if you think its dumb) Just shoot me a PM and I'll give you an overly-lengthy reply to whatever it is you're messaging me about. Whether it be suggestions on what should happen in the story, headcannons you'd like me to incorporate into the story, or some theory about this AU you'd like me to consider just hit me up (not literally pls) and who knows I might use them (and of course I'll give you credit in the story.) Whatever you want Just PM me and I'll get back to you. The more feedback I get from you guys, the better. I promise I don't bite! Also, I'm tell you right now, I'm the author of another Harry Potter fanfiction called The World's Worst Hogwarts Expirence: An Autobiography. If you haven't read it yet, it won't affect your enjoyment of this story at all. They're not in the same universe. If you have read it, though, you will notice I do make little references to that fanfiction here and there in this story. I reuse names, and old characters from that story do pop up, such as Charlotte and Alfie. However, I stress this again, they're not in the same universe. They aren't connect, so whatever happens in this story, doesn't really hint to anything that happens later on in this story. So please keep that in mind! With Love, Piper-Audrey Chapter One: September, 1st, 2016 * * 9:13 AM * * The room was dark. Dark enough that it seemed to expand into nothingness. It was dark enough that it felt as though I was floating through the endless expanse of space, drifting forever and always. It felt isolated and yet safe… I didn't think it was possible to feel so safe and so small simultaneously. I could feel the skinny warm arms of a woman wrapped around me, holding me as if she wanted to wanted to squeeze me tight enough so that no one could ever take me away, but at the same time, she worried that if she held me too tightly I would break. It was as if she thought I were something delicate and precious. Every inch of my body hoped that she wouldn't let go. I wanted more than anything to stay in her embrace for eternity and longer. I couldn't remember a time when I had felt this loved. Somewhere in the distance a baby cried, shrill, unhappy screams, but even that wasn't enough to disturb the perfect serenity of this hold. If anything the noise filled me with a sense of belonging, as if I were meant to be here. Meant to stay here. What an odd feeling to get from the sound of a baby's cry… The arms around me shifted, the woman's arms felt soft and warm as they brushed against my skin. The shift of her body against mine brought my gaze upwards to meet her own. It should have been too dark in this room to see her properly, but I could. There was a dim glow illuminating her face. It was almost as if she were glowing… She leaned over, bringing her face closer to mine, until I could feel the soft black curls of her hair brushing against my face. I couldn't make out the details of her face… They were too blurry and the light illuminating her features was too dim, but her expression was warm and beautiful. It made my heart beat so furiously in my chest I felt as though it were going to break my ribs. My throat felt constricted with all the things I wanted to say and the frustration of knowing that there were no words capable of expressing what I wanted them to. It made me wanna cry the happy kind of tears, and the sad kind as well. Words flooded my ears so fluidly and so naturally, I was almost unsure if the woman had spoken then or if I had thought them myself. It was as though they had always been in my brain, just waiting to be brought to my attention in this woman's clear, calm voice which twinkled with emotion. I imagined if I could see words, these ones would look like little balls of soft, orange light. Like candlelight. "My precious darling… You are so strong, never lose that. Stay strong. Stay brave. Stay true to yourself, and I will always believe in you. Mother loves you so much, my angel, never forget that." I felt cold ripple through me as that last word left her lips. Suddenly I felt as though I had been wrenched from her arms, even though I hadn't felt anyone pull me back. Suddenly I was cold and alone, in complete darkness as rushed, dangerous sounds filled the space around me, sinking deep into my bones. There were quick frantic footsteps on cobblestone and scared rushed voices blending in together to create the sound of thick, panicked chaos in the air. I could hear woman shouting in the distance, although I couldn't make out what anyone was saying. All I knew was this it felt as though someone had twisted a knife in my gut. I wasn't where I belonged anymore. where ever I was, I wasn't supposed to be there. I needed to get away. I needed to run but my legs wouldn't move. I felt small. Very, very small… Suddenly I could make out several voices on the streets. I could understand what they were saying, although it took me a moment to collect myself enough in order for my mind to process the words. When I did, I listened for that woman's voice. The one that sounded like twinkling lights. Instead it was a man speaking… "HEY! STOP!" I heard angry shouting voice and suddenly, a loud bang sounded. It was like a gunshot, whistling through the air and cutting through me like a bullet. I felt as though my insides were being ripped apart. A woman spoke this time, and I felt a flicker of hope in my stomach, wishing for it to be the woman who held me in her arms. But it wasn't. The voice was angrier, higher pitched, and less composed. It was definitely a different woman… "STOP RIGHT THERE!" She shouted, followed by footsteps fading in the distance. "I'm going after him!" The man from before shouted after her but it was too late, she was off, I could hear her footsteps echoing along the cobblestones as he shouted, helplessly. "Wait! Don't-!" Just then, he changed the directionality of his voice, his words lower, as if speaking to someone new. He sounded frantic. "Is everyone alright? Are you hurt?" Another woman, a third one, spoke. It was different from the angry one, and different than the one that held me. She sounded as though she was doing everything within her power to stay calm and to get the situation under control, but she sounded as though she was crying. The sound made my heart clench in a painful manner. "That curse..! I tried get her out of the way! We have to do something- a healer, we have to get her to a healer." "Oh god," The man sounded as though he were going to be sick. "Oh, no, no, no…" Suddenly the woman was speaking over the man's hysterical words, forcefully. I thought I heard her shout his name at him, but the sound was too muffled to make out what it had been, "You have to listen to me, if we don't get her to a healer, then-" She seemed to grit her teeth and swallow down the end of that sentence. "Just, Now, okay!" I felt sick. Who were they talking about? Who needed a healer? I couldn't see a thing, it was if I was blind, sensing something was terribly, heartbreakingly, life-shatteringly wrong, but never knowing for sure. Never really seeing my worst fears unfolding before my eyes, despite the fact that I knew they were there. Somehow