Stephenie Meyer owns all things twilight. The first part of this story was writen by Kinky-Vampire69 aka Grismar & was Co-written by me. Upon recent inspection, I've found that there were many grammatical errors that she missed, so I'm editing it. And Grismar gave up her side of the story, so I will be adding or taking away stuff as needed. We co-wrote chapters 1-3 and I finished the story. On a side note, unlike Grismar, I've never seen "The Quiet" so all of my work will likely stray from any and all similarities to the movie. Summary: Bella has vowed to keep silent after losing both Charlie and Renee. After knowing her Grandmother can't take care of her, she is forced into Foster Care. At the same time, The Cullen family has decided to have a human in the house. Bella pretends to be deaf. First 3 Chapters written by Kinky-Vampire69 aka Grismar & I .:. BPOV .:. Standing at the grave, my grandmother wrapped me in her arms and cried. I stood there quietly, listening to the small amount of family members I had left grieve over my father. He was the only thing I had left to live for, the one that kept me sane after my mother had died. I regretted ever asking to go to that restaurant years ago. Flashback: "Oh Bella you were beautiful out there." "Thanks mom," she tucked a loose strand of hair behind my ear and kissed my forehead. "Your splits were amazing, that must have hurt honey." "Not really, I've been training for it," I smiled. After hearing our cheerleading team won second place, I could hear my mother and father screaming in the stands. I ran to them excitedly. Renee and I jumped up and down while Charlie dragged us out laughing. Our family was perfect, Charlie a chief officer, Renee a kindergarten teacher, and me a seventh grader. My mother was my best friend and my dad was always there when I needed to talk. "What is it you want to eat Bella? It's your day today," Renee asked glancing back at me. "How about we go to...Chili's!" Renee laughed at my enthusiasm; father was driving, talking about my stunts. We had stopped at a red light, when it turned green Charlie pressed on the gas. Right as we were passing through the intersection, a bright light hit us on the passenger side. Renee glanced at me and pushed my body against the other side of the car, our avalanche was dented to the radio. Renee had died on impact, Charlie went deaf in one ear, but because of Renee, I had emerged harmless, well, minus the whiplash, but that was normal. I cried for her for months, I stopped dancing and singing. My life had no purpose anymore, but what little I had left revolved around Charlie. Uncle Riccardo walked with his arm around my shoulder as they began to lead my father's body to his grave. Everything was so quiet so unreal. I didn't shed a single tear in front of anyone. I leaned over and kissed my father's cheek one last time before closing the casket. They lowered him down in the ground next to my mother. Renee Swan August 17, 1998 Loving Wife, Mother and Daughter Charlie Swan September 12, 2003 Loving Father, Husband, and Son Everyone left me alone with them at their graves. I sat on my knees, plucking out grass. The pain would not go away no matter how hard I tried. At the age of 14 I vowed not to speak a word to anyone other than my dad. A little later I heard soft footsteps on the grass. I turned around to see my social worker. My Grandmother, being 83, wasn't in the right condition to take care of me, thus, the Foster Care placement. "Hello Isabella." I nodded toward her. "How are you dear?" I shrugged my shoulders. "I have found a nice family with several kids that are excited to have you join them. You are going to move in with the Cullen Family," she explained, waiting for me to stand. Nodding my head, I followed her away from my parents. .:. EPOV .:. We were all in the dining room, expecting the new arrival. I didn't understand why we would adopt a human in a house full of vampires. Esme's reasoning was she wanted a person to cook and care for. Carlisle was at the head of the table looking at all of us. "You all have to promise to treat her right." "We promise," they all said in unison. "One more thing we haven't told you yet is she's deaf," Carlisle explained, clasping his hands in front of him. "No way!" Emmett said like a four year old. "So, please try to cooperate with her. It's not going to be easy, but we will do our best to make her feel welcome and a part of the family. Understand?" we all nodded our heads agreeing. When the doorbell rang, Alice ran to answer it. We walked over to see a middle aged woman and a beautiful brunette with brown hazel eyes standing in the doorway. "Hello. I'm Aggie Rodriguez, Isabella's social worker." "Hello, I'm Carlisle Cullen, this is my wife Esme and our children, please come in." Isabella followed timidly behind her. "Hello Isabella, I'm Esme, this is Carlisle, and our children Emmett, Rose, Alice, Jasper, and Edward," Esme said while gesturing to each person. Isabella turned to the woman and did some hand signals. "She says nice to meet you," Aggie returned. "I have to go Bella, I'll see you later. Text me if you need anything," Isabella nodded her head. "She prefers to be called Bella, and she can read lips very well. She knows sign language so I'd learn it soon to make communication easier," she turned and squeezed Bella's shoulder and left down the steps. Once Aggie said good-bye, Emmett and Alice ran back to Bella. "HI I'M EMMETT, JUST CALL ME YOUR MAJESTY!" Bella cocked her eyebrow and head. "OMG SHE'S DEAF! AHHH! SHES DEAF!" he ran around like a girl screaming. Alice stood in front of her and waved, and got a small wave back. "Alice you're scaring her," Rose claimed. She said hello in the kindest voice ever. Esme took Bella's hand and led her upstairs to give her a tour, while Carlisle went to his study. Once only us five were left we began to talk. "I feel bad. What is she thinking Edward?" Rosalie asked. Trying to listen, I was hit by a brick wall. "I can't hear anything." The others glanced at me in shock; moments before we see Bella come down the stairs with a sketch pad. She sat down on the love seat, and began to doodle. Walking over to her I looked over her shoulder to see a beautiful picture of her parents. I tapped her shoulder softly. "Are those you parents?" I pronounced slowly, she smiled and nodded yes. "They're beautiful." she signaled thank you, and continued to draw. I stood behind her watching her draw her parents. She was an amazing drawer. Could she get any more perfect? I knelt down and overlapped my arms and rested my head on them. She was so beautiful and I couldn't understand how such a bad thing could happen to such a wonderful creature. But what would she think of me if she somehow found out what my family was? Would she run around screaming? I just wanted her to feel at home and like she could start a new life with a new family even if she did still miss her parents. I needed her to be happy. If only I could read her thoughts. I don't understand how I couldn't. It's never happened before but then again, she is one of a kind. .:. JPOV .:. Bella seemed really nice. I could feel her sadness and I would've cried if I could, but seeing as I'm a vampire I can't do that. I watched Edward look at her; I could feel that he really liked her. I sort of felt bad for him. He couldn't really talk to her and have her hear what he says. I could tell it made him feel sad. Bella finished drawing and put her notepad down and sprawled out on the couch. Within minutes, she was fast asleep. Edward ran up the stairs and was back half a second later with a blanket. He laid it over Bella and walked over to me. "Hey," Edward said. "I can see you've grown a liking for Bella." "Well I know what you're thinking . . . literally, and it's not what you think." "Oh really?" I asked. "Really." I looked over to Bella who was as still as a log. "Well it looks like she's waking up." I said as I felt Edward's emotions fly. I had to hold back my laugh when he abruptly turned around to face Bella and once he figured out I was joking, his disappointment was written all over his face. I couldn't take it anymore and burst out laughing. "That was not funny," Edward said as he started walking away. "Wait," I said after I picked something up off of the ground. He turned around waiting for me to tell him something. "Do you want to keep her scrunchy as a souvenir?" I asked laughing as I saw Edward give me a dirty look. "I'm going for a run," he said as he walked out the back door. I walked into the kitchen where everyone was sitting. "We are going to have Spaghetti today," Esme said. "But we don't eat!" Rosalie complained. "We have to eat for Bella's sake. She doesn't know what we are and I don't want her to know for as long as possible. I expect all of you to eat what you are given. You can throw it up later. Plus I want to try out my recipe from when I was human. I want to see if I can actually cook for a human, we might not be able to taste it but she will and Edward can read her mind to see if she likes it or not," Esme said. "One little problem," Alice explained. "Edward seems to be immune to her thoughts." "Oh!" Esme said surprised. "We just might have some trouble up our sleeves." "Nope! I saw that she will be like this for a few weeks, not really in the mood to do anything. No trouble for now." Alice said. "That's good to know," Esme said. Carlisle, being the fatherly figure that he was had to interrupt our conversation. "I think everyone should go take a shower and wash up before we eat. We don't want to catch a cold or anything." He said laughing. We all knew that we couldn't catch a cold but we obeyed our father and I ran upstairs and took a quick shower. .:. EM POV .:. "My humps my humps my lovely lady lumps!" I was skipping around since I was the first done. YEAH! I sat down next to Bella watching a very weird little human. "Edward," she whispered, an evil smirk formed on my face. I leaned in like I was watching a really good movie or show and I guess it was like a show. I scooted closer to the couch so I could listen more, even though I had vampire ears it was just something I was used to doing. I was now pushed up against the couch listening closely to her breathing, waiting for her next words. "Oh Edward!" she said like those old movies where the girls fling themselves at the guys and embrace in a big hug. Out of nowhere her arms shot out from underneath the covers and hugged me. I had to get someone's attention so I