I am back and I finally finished the first chapter of this rewritten story! And I am currently writing up the next. I am so sorry to though's who are upset with me taking down all the chapters, the story was just so poorly written and it irked the heck out of me, so I rewrote it. I hope you don't mind this change. And just a warning, these chapters have no fixed schedule as to when they'll come out – So I apologize in advance, I have exams next week and my next semester isn't looking too easy... Anyways, I also apologize if for the length and slow progress of this chapter, I am trying to make this story as realistic as possible. You can't get a severely abused child to trust you with a snap of your finger. The progress will be gained slowly throughout the story; two steps forward and one step back. Dark themes will be revealed in the next couple of chapters – so again – fare warning. And all the Cullen's will have their time in the spotlight as the story progresses; they all serve an important role in the child's development. Who's name will be declared in the next coming chapters. Also, I added a minor change to the cannon – Carlisle will be thirty-five rather than twenty-three (It was Peter Facinelli's age when he portrayed Carlisle in the first Twilight movie) I just always thought the age suited him better and he will (at least to me) still have the appearance of someone in their early to mid twenties. Okay enough with my rambling. Apologies for any grammar mistakes and enjoy the first chapter! "My goodness, how are the streets not flooding from all this rain?!" The owner gasps from behind, soft and raspy in age. "Are you sure you don't to wait out the storm, dear? I would hate to send you out there in that ugly weather." The rain heaves violently against the shops window in outrage to the woman's words, Esme turns away and meets the warm hazel eyes of the elderly women with a soft smile. "A little rain doesn't hurt." Her hair like fresh and loose snow, flies lightly as she jerked her head toward the window. Her brow furrows. "Are you sure?" She asked, flinching as the thunder roared without warning while Esme tensed, frozen briefly. Her chest tightened at the concern in the woman's eyes, the concern of life-long friend although their time together was short. "My children will go into a frenzy if they find out they'll have to make dinner themselves," The lie flowed easily off her tongue, yet her smile quivered faintly, her laugh a little too forced. "Go home to your family, they must miss you deeply with the endless hours you work. I'll be just fine." Non of them were home, they were dining out in the Alaskan wilderness, fully capable of feeding and tending to themselves. Oh, how she yearned for such a lifestyle. She was a mother with little purpose. The women gives a slow nod, seeming to struggle a little to see reason in Esme's recklessness, yet she smiles, spilling warm sunshine all over her. With a fragile hand upon her clothed arm, she led her to the door and wished her a safe travel. Once Esme stepped outside, she regretted ever leaving. Monstrous droplets of rain attacked and drenched her whole within seconds. But the rain was not what had her quivering. It had left the streets barren and dark, it wasn't a very posh neighborhood. The stench of unlawful substances stuck permanently to the bitter air and very faintly, Esme caught the drunken slurs of several men in an apartment down the block. She could easily out run them if they ever decide to approach her, vanish before they even had time to blink. They couldn't hurt her and she knew that, but only for a fleeting moment before her old human fears possessed her – like a demon looming from behind, getting ever so close. Her pace quickened along the damp pavement, her breathing becoming unnaturally unsteady and needy for a creature that didn't require oxygen to survive. The muffled sound of heavy footsteps urged her to glance behind her. There wasn't a single human to be seen nor heard for miles. Again, she knew this and as she continued onward, the feet followed. And so foolishly she spun around to face an empty sidewalk once more. She whimpered. No... no... Not now. Please not now. Don't be foolish, don't be afraid. She had to be the first vampire to lose their sanity. Pulling her coat more tightly around her even though the cold could no longer cripple her, Esme looked ahead, urging her mind to be consumed in the waltzing rain that performed before soft golden street lights. From the corner of her eye, she caught sight of something and her knees almost gave out. The Bentley – Carlisle's Bentley. Sleek and black, the streetlights bathing it in a way that was almost holy. She didn't linger for no more than a fragment of a second, her legs wouldn't allow her. If a human had been there to witness her blinding speed, she would have been sent instantly to death row. Her hands shook like a deranged human as she searched for the keys, merely keeping the passenger door intact in her desperation to escape the phantom man. She locked the door three times before easing into the cool leather. When she breathed, it felt like she was inhaling Nitrous oxide through an oxygen mask, completely and utterly at bliss. His warm scent clung to the cars every surface and she realized at that moment that she wasn't that skittish young women anymore. The one that use to cower in the presence of men and hide in churches to rid herself of fear and loneliness. But she wasn't like that now, not anymore. With a mind now absent of fear, she headed toward home, away from that area with endless spawns of nightmarish memories. Esme didn't become enraged when the traffic grew to a crawl, there was a great amount of security brought by the voices from the surrounding vehicles. She was among society now. The urban buildings were quickly consumed by oceans of green as she travel further away from Seattle and closer to home. Rounding the bend of a deserted and dark highway was when Esme saw it. Small and fragile. A ball of faint whimpers and bleach white skin, long flowing dark locks. A child. Her foot reacted faster than her mind could keep up with and slammed on the brake, bring the Bentley to a rugged halt on the side of the road. Comically, she found herself breathless, staring unblinking at the trembling figure before her headlights. The swish of the windshield wipers and pelting rain was the only thing that kept her maternal instincts from possessing her at the sound of her quivering cries. Yet Esme was possessed the moment her eyes seized sight of the child. Her hand remained frozen on the steering wheel, refusing to comply to her mind's suggestion of leaving the child to another by passer. She gazed at the girl still, afraid that looking away or blinking would cause her to vanish. It was possible with those violent winds. Her small frame was as fragile as a glass figurine, curled in a tight ball in a puddle of mud and gravel. There was nothing the child could do but endure the rains aggression, her limps too crippled by the cold to seek shelter in the thick vegetation behind her. Something within her still heart stirred at her helplessness and ignored cries. It was soft and broken with exhaustion, slowly fading into the rhythm of the rain as though she had lost complete hope- her maternal instincts, Esme knew it from the burn in her chest, the way she seemed to be pulled towards her. Fingers twitching with an overwhelming urge to grasp the child. Embrace her and cease her tears. Suddenly, deep within the crevices of her muddy human memories, the fragments of an infants wail was unearthed, forcing her eyes to close as it echoed within her mind. It was hoarse, barely a whisper, wheezing a plea in a language that only Esme understood. Relief. Yet she could do nothing – the doctors and nurses could do nothing. She tried helplessly to soothe his suffering with tender strokes to his furrowed forehead and soft lullabies. She remember that day better than any venomous bite, and it was far more painful. Sleep found him on his last day. For the first time he was at peace despite the coughs that continued to attack him. She held him during his last hours, savoring the fleeting warmth of his tiny body, feeling her only life's purpose fade away with his final breath. And now he was gone. She was unable to heal him, love him... hold him... He wouldn't need someone to teach him, to warn and protect him of life's sadistic ways – It came gift-wrapped to him from heaven. Her eyes snapped open then, suddenly pondering if He was considering taking her too. Yet Esme knew the sound of the dying, this child was every bit alive. Her heart thudded with strong, fluttering pulses against the heaving of her lungs, while the machine like noises of her tiny body worked in almost perfect rhythm. She could be healed... loved – Yet her heart must belong to a family. A grief-stricken family desperate to find their lost little girl. It was dangerous that Esme wished for the complete opposite, it was almost sinful of her, and so she pushed the thought away, the desire. But perhaps she could help her, save her from death's greedy hands which were sure to be looming. Perhaps then she could be less damnable, get a chance at a afterlife that didn't contain an eternal fire. The gravel beneath her soles was all but an absent wet crunch in her ears as she moved toward the quivering form, leaving the car to idle by. The wind and rain thrashed the trees about in the shadowy distance, yet it had no power against Esme, and as she gazed at the child she pictured the rain as thousands of icy needles, piercing her right through her thin clothing until she was numb. Shock snagged her legs as she reached a close distance to the girl. Her eyes lost the ability to blink for a moment at the sight before her, every emotion possessing her was both absent and present at that moment. It familiarity now unfamiliar. In all the countries that she had visited, no mattered the poverty of it's nation or people, never had she seen a child with so little fat. It made commercials of malnourished children look almost comical. Esme took a small step forward, hands still trembling. "Sweetheart?" Her voice was instantly lost in the roaring downpour. Yet the word, seemingly unspoken, reached the child in startling clarity as two brown eyes peeked up from the quivering ball a moment later. At first she just stared into Esme's eyes, frozen and unblinking, her tiny head cocked confusedly. She stared back, her lungs halted by the jutting streaks of raw flesh that marked her one cheek, the other wore colors of brown, purple, and yellow. Something flickered in her eyes and her confusion vanished within seconds, terror violently taking her over. Helplessly, Esme watched as her trembles grew wild, wreaking her tiny frame so severely she feared it would shattered her bones. The child scrambled backwards at her attempt to move closer and a faint, wispy sound fled from her quivering pale lips. It was the first noise she ever made and it stabbed Esme's chest with the brutality of a dull knife. She looked deeper into those