Authors Note: All thanks to EdwardsFirstKiss for making this story a thousand times better with your amazing editing skills. I owe you more than you know :) Disclaimer The characters in this story belong to Stephanie Meyers, but the plot belongs to Twilightsavedme. Chapter 1: Special Horns. Lots of them. Buzzing, whizzing, splashes of water. Drip, drop. It's raining? I'm wet. I need to get up. I open my eyes slightly, and look down at my body. No cuts or bruises. I'm okay, I think. My head hurts. It's pounding. I grab the back of my head as I slowly sit up. I was knocked out, remembering it now. Sighing heavily, I grab my purse, looking through it. I know I won't find my money there. Rose is going to kill me. Fuck! No no no! My rent money is gone. I slowly stand, gripping onto the walls of the alley to walk forward. Walking down the streets slowly, I try to make it as close as possible to my job. I'm already hours late, but if I can just get there and explain myself, - Mike will understand. He has to. I almost fall back down to the ground when a car speeds past, dousing me down with rain water from head to toe. "Fuck!" I shout, raising my arms. He won't let me work looking like this. He'll send me home. Fucking hell! I need that money. I was just mugged for god sakes! This day can't get any worst. It isn't possible. "Fuck Fuck Fucking Fuuuck!" I shout to the heavens before falling back down to the ground and crying. I feel my mascara and eyeliner sting my eyes and I know my makeup is running down my face. I'd hate to see my reflection right now. Then, I look to the left and my eyes widen. I see my reflection in the window of a hotel, and Jesus, I look fucking terrible. In horror, I frantically scramble closer to the window on my knees, scratching them up on the sidewalk. I don't mind the burning of my scraping flesh because I'm too wrapped up in my appearance. My makeup is running, hair is like a bird's nest, and torn up a drenched outfit. Mike is definitely not going to let me work. I need to try to clean myself up a bit. I stand quickly, wiping at my face to remove my smeared makeup, and then smooth down my clothes a bit. I watch as people, high class and well dressed, walk into this fancy hotel. I know instantly that I won't fit in. But I just need to clean myself up a bit, so I can get to work. Then, I'm out of this fancy schmancy place. I walk up to the intimidating glass door, opting for entering that way instead of going through the weird revolving thing a ma jig next to it. It looks like a death trap, and something that clumsy, unlucky people like me need to stay away from. I stumble through the door. Then there's another door which is opened for me by a man dressed in a gray suit. He smiles kindly at me, and I nod at him before looking back through to the open lobby of the hotel. The bright lights quickly hit me. My head pounds so hard I could throw up, but shove the feeling down, shuffling to the front desk to ask for the bathroom. There's a woman standing there. She looks up at me, rolls her eyes, and then goes back to clicking away on her computer. Ignoring me. I huff loudly, thinking I clearly don't need any more shit handed to me after the night I've had. I slept on the fucking streets after being knocked out and mugged. Now, I have to deal with this bitch. I could just walk away. Walk away and find the bathroom myself. But, I decide right then and there to be just as much of a petty bitch as she is. Never mind causing a scene, I'm used to it. I'm sure pressing this bitch's buttons and causing a scene this late at night will be the highlight of someone's day. A petty, patronizing smile sets on my face. I stare at the side of her face as she looks at me out of the corner of her eye. She's trying her hardest to ignore me. She turns her face to look at me but doesn't speak, glancing down at the phone next to her when it rings. I swear to god if she answers it without acknowledging me, I'm going to really make some noise, and everyone will be aware of my presence. "I fucking dare you." I say through my fake Barbie bitch smile. She smirks. Then she surprises me. It's a surprise because she doesn't look like the gutsy type. She answers the phone with a cheerful greeting - the way she should've greeted me - staring straight at me. I roll my eyes. It's time for petty Bella to come out and play. I reach forward and grab the phone from her hand, trying to calm down the thoughts of bashing her on the head with it. She stares at me in horror. "I've been standing here-" "I'm sure there's nothing we can help you with. It's best you leave before you embarrass yourself." She says in a voice that should make me feel small, but it only riles me up. "Sweetie, you work the fucking front desk. I'm sure I make more money than you do." "Prostitute." she says under her breath before snickering and going back to tapping away on her computer. That's it! I see the object of my noise maker and I go for it. It's a bell. I snatch it from behind the counter and begin ringing it. "I need service! Service me! Service me!" I shout, trying to get attention. I'm succeeding. I can see men licking their lips at me and I realize my words have a double meaning. If I were ashamed I would blush, but I'm on a rampage. I look back at the woman and she stares at me with her mouth wide open as if she can't believe what I'm fucking doing. Once I'm satisfied with the amount of attention I've gained, I stumble over to a chair in the middle of the room. Falling back into the comfy chair. I throw my purse on the table in front of me, removing my shoes and throwing them to the side where there's a lady looking at me. Her eyes are wide in disbelief and her mouth is agape. I jump at her, "The fuck are you looking at?" She stands. "Go on." I say, jumping again. I'm slightly embarrassed now, but it's too late. I have to save face. The bitch wouldn't tell me where the bathroom was so I'll just fix myself up right here in the center of the hotel. I stand, stretching my arms up to remove my shirt. Leaving me in a wet tank top that's clinging to my body, looking down to see my neon green bra showing through my tank. I toss my shirt where my purse is. Falling back into the chair to take a few calming breaths. I need a cig. I launch myself at my purse, hoping to god those idiots didn't take my new carton of cigarettes. After a minute of frantically searching and then turning my purse over to dump the contents in the middle of the floor, I give up. Sitting on the floor, I clutch my purse to my body. Surrounded by all the lint, receipts, gum wrappers, bottle caps, and other bullshit I turned over from my purse. This is just fucking great. I don't even have money for a new pack of cigarettes. "Fuck," I curse. Then I notice people walking past me, staring. Business men look on in amusement while the women stare in shock. Some look upset as if what I'm doing is harming them. Give me a fucking break! They have no idea how my day has gone. Fuck! They have no idea how my week has gone. My month. Shit, my year. I've been in hell for so long, I can't remember a time when I wasn't... Then, I see it. My little piece of heaven peeking out through the front zipper of my purse. It's a cig. It's a bit worn out, but who gives a shit. It's a cig and I can smoke it. As people walk by, I ask the snooty bastards for a light. Some keep walking, not even acknowledging me, but those who do haven't got one. I try to be polite because I really fucking need a lighter, figuring asking sweetly is the way to go. "Excuse me," I call softly from my place on the floor. People continue to walk past not paying any attention to me. Then, someone does. He stops and gives me a lighter, and offers a kind smile. "You should go outside to smoke," he says. I shrug as he walks away. I light the cigarette, not giving a shit. It instantly calms me down. I close my eyes and breathe. Yes, this is what I fucking needed. "Fuck yeah," I look down at my cigarette with a smile. I'm brought out of my happy place when two feet appear before me. "Miss," a man says. I look up to see a security guard. "I have to ask you to leave." "Why is that?" I roll my eyes at him, sit back on my hands and look up at him. "I'm not doing anything wrong." "Miss, I won't ask again." He steps closer. I blow out a puff of smoke. Jail for the night seems like the way to go. I probably need to report my missing money anyway, even though I know nothing will be done about it. "You need to leave this hotel immediately." "Or what?" I push, staring up at him defiantly. Not having the energy to move at the moment, being physically removed doesn't seem like a bad idea. He makes a grab for me and I flinch back. We're both halted by a deep silky male voice that demands attention. Both of our heads whip in the direction of the voice. "Leave her," I hear him say as he steps from beside the security guard more into my direct line of vision. I stare up at him, feeling his penetrating gaze set firmly on me. His eyes hold fierce determination. They pin me where I am on the floor. I make no move to get up. He makes no move at all. We just stare. I take that moment to let my eyes roam around his facial features. He is fucking spectacular. I mean, this man looks like every one of my made up fantasy men wrapped up into one. Anything I could have imagined, and so much more is standing literally right in front of me. His eyebrows are knit together as he tries to figure me out. I can pinpoint the exact moment that he comes up blank. But mesmerized by the look on his face, I wish he'd speak so his husky voice could distract me from looking at him. I'm in a trance-like state that only he can break. "Fuck," I mumble when his body inches down towards mine in a crouch-like position right in front of me. He did it so slowly, I was able to see his suit pants cling to his thighs, his arms flex in his suit jacket as he stretches them before he rests them on his legs. He lets them fall limp as he looks at me intently with a tilt of his head. His eyebrows are still knit together in confusion. I think I even see worry in his eyes. He is so motherfucking