Disclaimer: These characters belong to Stephanie Meyers Rough Around the Edges What do you do when a man shakes up what you thought was your perfect world? Bella thinks she's close to her happily ever after...But what will happen when she meets someone who is homeless, estranged from his family, without love for so long...yet he knows in his heart what he feels for her is real. Chapter 1 Edward "Are you okay over there son?" I hear the husky voice of my longtime friend. I bundle up with more covers and nod to him curtly. "Never better Carlisle", I say with sarcasm, my words come out choppy through shuttering teeth. It's fucking cold and the shelter is full so Carlisle and I are forced to sleep under the bridge again. "This is your fault, you know that right." I roll my eyes. He's not trying to make me feel bad; he's just tired of this happening. "Thanks, Carlisle. I feel shitty enough without you pointing that out, "I reply looking over in time to catch him shrugging. "Feeling any better,"He asks as he comes over and feels my forehead with the back of his hand. I nod, but he checks my neck too. "Burning up again. "He mutters. He says I'm hot, but I feel cold as hell. This is the second day that I've been sick, but I refuse to go to the hospital. Carlisle holds his hand out in a fist. "Take these," He urges me to lift my hand so I concede as he drop in two pills. He then hands me a bottle of water and gives me a pointed look urging me to take the pills. I don't ask how he got them because it would get me nowhere. Carlisle always went out of his way to take care of me. I feel more like his son than his friend, given our age difference. The pills lull me to sleep instantly washing away the night and bringing about another day. A new day. I get to see her again. She keeps me going. She keeps me holding onto the dream that one day Carlisle and I will be out of this shit hole. She gives me so much inspiration and yet...I don't even know her name. The past two nights I missed out on chances to be in the warm environment of the homeless shelter just to see her. I had to see her so her beauty could inspire peace of mind, and most importantly, give me hope. I desperately wanted to love and be loved. Just thinking about her makes me smile. Her beauty caused my heart to beat out of my chest. I have to hold my hand there every time I see her. Carlisle always waits for me at our usual spot, and he didn't want to leave me hanging so he waited and waited, even though he knew where I would be. He always knows. Yet he never rushed me, and he never left me. Even when I came down with the flu, he took care of me like a son. "Edward wake up. They put out the bread," Carlisle said and I heard it through my sleep. Carlisle and I chose this particular spot because it covered us in case it rained and also because this bakery throws out bread that they deem expired. They do it pretty much every morning. Sometimes I eat and sometimes I don't. However, this morning I ate out of necessity. I needed food because I was drained and this would give me the much-needed energy to brave the long walk to see her. Today I would speak to her. That brought a smile to my face and pep in my step. Carlisle and I ate the bread and when I finish I instantly felt ready to begin my day. "I'm going to talk to her today,"I tell Carlisle once I'm done eating. He nods but frowns and I catch it. Eagerly I ask if that's the wrong thing to do. "No, I'm not saying that it's a bad idea I just...," He trails off. "Spill it old man," I push for his advice. "Do what makes you happy son," He braces an arm on my shoulder and smiles a smile that I have no choice but to return. I remember when I first met Carlisle almost three years ago. He was in a diner with his last couple of dollars from his past life. The life that he said he doesn't regret leaving. His wife was killed, and it shook his world. He was no longer able to function in society. He didn't even set up the arrangement for her funeral, leaving it to his wife's siblings. He said that he couldn't bear to see her like that, cold and lifeless. He took his car and drove, leaving his dead wife, his job, his possessions and all of his troubled family behind. He ended up in Seattle trying to flee the feeling of guilt. He blamed himself for her death saying that he should have protected her. He beat himself up about it for years until he found me. We had something in common. He sensed our familiar spirit. We both held a tremendous amount of guilt. My story had been just as bad as his except I had nowhere to run. I'd killed my stepfather at the young age of thirteen. I'd like to say that it was an accident, but it wasn't. I had watched him beat my mother for years, but he never laid a hand on me or his son Emmett, who was fifteen and quite big for his age. He wouldn't hit a man, but he thought that it was okay to beat the most important woman in my life. I couldn't continue to sit back and watch him beat her. Emmett didn't want to go against his father so he usually just stayed in his room and tried to block out his stepmother's cries. I couldn't. Hearing my mother beg him to stop and plead with him angered me but it riled him up even more. One day I had enough. His dinner was cold because he'd been in his study working all night. He told me to go in my room, and I knew what was about to happen when my mother winced. She knew what was coming and she was bracing herself. Instead of going in my room, I went back into the dining room and peeked around the corner. I heard my mother's cries along with his slaps that connected with her face. I couldn't stand to listen anymore. I couldn't stand to see him beat the living shit out of my mother any longer. I pushed off the wall and lunged at him. My mother pleaded for me to stop and she cried harder which fueled my anger. This was his fault. Her constant tears were his fault. Pushing him back and away from my mother onto the counter near the kitchen sink. I stared into his eyes as he gripped my upper arms to pry me away from him. I was so filled with anger I made a quick decision to end his life and inevitably end my mother's suffering. I grabbed a knife off the counter and stabbed him. I then released him, coming to terms with what I had just done. With wide eyes, I backed away from him and glanced at my mom. She screamed an agonizing scream as she crawled over to him and applied pressure to his wound. I still remember the look on her face when she looked at me. It haunts me. She looked at me how I'd seen her look at him so many times. She was scared. Of me. I remember looking at my hands and thinking that I was no better than him. I ran out the front door at full speed and disappeared. I was angry that she was trying to help him after what he had done. I was mad at myself for what I had done. I haven't seen my family since, choosing to continue to keep my distance and live with my guilt. "I say go for it," Carlisle brings me out of my trance. I shake my head looking over at him. "I am," I say as I stand and smooth down my jeans hoping that I look and smell presentable. "I'll try to be on time tonight," I tell him and he snorts but nods as he continues to eat. I salute him and fix my shirt as I begin to walk towards the corner where I usually see her. She's always impeccably dressed with her brown hair flowing in lazy waves down her back. Her big brown eyes seem to reach deep down into my soul every time she glances at me, and I like to think that the smile she always gives me is reserved for only me. Today was no different. I see her walking across the street towards me with purposeful strides. I'm left standing there with my mouth wide open gawking at her. She passes me, staring down at her phone as she walks into the cafe. I mentally slap myself. I missed my chance. But then I remember that she has to leave the cafe. I can try then. I clear my throat and straighten myself, casually standing by the door. I see a man smoking a cigarette outside of the cafe and think it's a way to waste some time. I ask him for one and he gives it to me, offering to light it as well. I stand there smoking the cigarette, waiting patiently. I start to lose my nerve and think about trying again tomorrow when suddenly, she steps out of the cafe with a coffee cup in one hand and her phone in the other. I watch her, losing my nerve as I always do when I see her face. I stare at her, looking her up and down, mesmerized. She looks around and then smiles as a short, raven-haired woman waves at her. The woman was beautiful as well, but she couldn't hold a candle to my girl. "Bella,"The girl says as she continues to wave and I continue to stare. Her name is Bella. How fitting. I turn slightly, trying not to make it so obvious that I'm eavesdropping on the strangers. They walk with their arms intertwined back into the coffee shop and I turn, looking into the window at her. She laughs and smiles so carefree and my heart swells. And then her friend catches me. She catches me staring and raises an eyebrow before turning her attention back to Bella. I just have to see her one more time and then I'll leave. I look again and the raven-haired girl is staring at me with her arms crossed, and a knowing smile on her face. I drop the cigarette in the nearby can and begin to walk away. Had the raven-haired girl thought that I wanted her attention? That wasn't the case. Not that she wasn't good looking; it's just that I was solely interested in her friend. I noted that she came to this cafe multiple times a day and frequently walked down this street. So I always waited here hoping to be noticed. Hoping to be seen. I make it back to Carlisle after absentmindedly roaming around town for hours. I felt kind of like a coward. I told Carlisle about my uneventful day and he gave encouraging words. He urged me to try again saying I won't know until I try. How accurate The next day I wait and wait and she doesn't show. With both hands in my pockets, I kick rocks around on the sidewalk idly, as I think about her. Then I begin to torture myself with endless possibilities. She saw me watching her and