Hi everyone. This is one of my entries for the Control. Possess. Seduce contest. I didn't win but I enjoyed participating amd I had a blast. I want to thank Donna, Tiffany, and Nancy for working so hard on this story. You ladies are awesome, I am so grateful. Title: Never Let Go Name: Keosha Green Facebook Name: Keosha Green Beta(s): EFK, TiffanyLCullen, NanStew Summary: A story of a woman trying to free herself from her past, and a man unwilling to let go. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. It is true what they say about trees and their ability to let things go. It is an envious trait that some people have not learned how to do. Things fester and stunt growth and maturity. That is why Isabella has always taken the advice of naure and its way of following a natural process. It is quite a fulfilling way of life with no regrets or worries. She learned early on to let go of the past and follow the natural course of life. She has adapted to the world's perception of who she is. She learned to shield herself from pain by blocking the memory of her actions as they left open wounds, never to heal. Now, years later, her mind is free, but her heart will never belong to her nor another man ever again. Her heart will forever belong to Edward Cullen. Even after years apart, Bella knows first hand how hard it is to love a man like Edward and realizes it's even harder to be loved by him. -NLG- Summer 2010 Bella always felt particularly comforted in Edward's arms. The strong protective ones that held her at night, even under the same roof as his girlfriend with her mom and stepfather right on the other side of the wall. The very same arms that hugged her tight in a comforting embrace the day that her father passed away. The same arms that she wanted to be wrapped in for the rest of her life. She hoped that one day those arms would hold her close to sway gracefully on their wedding day. She wanted it all, and she wanted it with him. She felt those arms surrounding her in an embrace as he kissed just below her ear and whispered, "I like your dress." His soft, slow-spoken words drove her insane at times when she was sulking. Today though, it only intensified her love for him. It showed that he could put a smile on her face no matter what mood she was in. She turned in his arms and steadied hers around his neck, reaching up to peck his lips. "You know just how to keep a smile on my face." "I am only returning the favor." He swayed in the calm breeze on her balcony. It was times like these when she wanted to blurt out how much she loved and adored him. How his smiles made her heart skip a beat; she just couldn't stand to be apart from him for even a second. Times like those when he'd stare so deep into her eyes, she feared he could see her soul, see what it was that kept him at arms reach for so many years. She feared whatever he'd find would send him running. As it turned out, he was not the one trying to run... he was not the one searching... he had already found what he'd been looking for. "Did they tell you they're shipping me off to live with my grandmother when I graduate so they can travel? Unbelievable!" she finally said, and she had to look away to stop the overflow of emotions from toppling over at the thought of leaving him. She looked back at him in time to see his chest rise and fall with a heavy sigh. "Kate told me," he nodded. "It doesn't matter where you go, Bella. It changes nothing." He grabbed her hands holding them close to his heart. "We will be together." The words sounded so appealing, she almost believed them. However, three weeks later she would have to make the hardest decision of her life and let him go forever. Present Day 2016 "Bella, you're my sister, you have to be there." Kate whined into the phone trying to guilt trip Bella into going to her rehearsal dinner. "I'll be at the wedding, I just-" Bella moved the phone switching ears uncomfortably as she searched for the right words to say. How would Bella explain to Kate her feelings for Edward? How does Bella tell Kate of the affair she had with Edward when she was younger? Most of all, how would she face Edward after all these years of silence? "You're coming, little sister. Even if I have to send Edward to fetch you." Her words snapped Bella into action. "That's not necessary Kate, honestly." "But you're coming right?" Her voice grew high in pitch and full of hope too great for Bella to ignore. Kate would beg Bella until she had no choice but to go to the rehearsal dinner. With a sigh of resignation, Bella folded under her sister's pressure, just as Kate knew she would. "I take that as a yes," Kate shouted overjoyed. "I'm booking your flight now. It's for tomorrow morning. Edward will send a car for you. Love you, bye." Kate didn't let Bella get even a word in as she made plans for Bella's arrival the following day. When morning came, Bella prepared herself for her inevitable encounter with Edward. The wounds reopened with just the thought of his name, shattering her to pieces all over again. She knew seeing him again would only cause her pain, yet she had to do this. She had to be strong and be there for her sister. Most of all, she had to finally move on from their past. What she didn't expect was for him to be waiting inside of the very same limo he'd arranged to pick her up. There he sat in the dark corner of his limo, tinted windows surrounding him, his face glowing with him looking more than a little menacing. "Isabella." His voice resonated in the air between them, shocking every nerve in her body. "Edward," She replied in a dazed tone, her eyes transfixed by his steely green stare. "It's good to see you," he said in that easy tone of his, smooth and confident. Bella nodded in reply, clearing her throat as she reached out for the door handle. "Excuse me. I need... fresh air." Bella pulled the handle again but nothing happened. He made sure to trap her. In the quiet limo, she heard him chuckle, and listened for the subtle squeak of the seat as he shifted closer to her. "You surely have grown up." She could feel his eyes on every inch of her body, but she didn't dare look at him. "Of course." She said when she finally turned her head to look at him. She could feel the hairs on the back of her neck stand up when a grin spread across his face. "It's been ages, Edward." Bella folded her arms across her chest and glared at him with slanted eyes cutting through the darkness. "It has," he agreed. "You are the same, yet somehow different. You still take my breath away." The air around them instantly shifted and she becomes hyper-aware of their close proximity. She was uncomfortable and he could tell. However, he was filled with determination. "Yes, well... "She trailed off, licking her lips. Then she loudly cleared her throat. "Where's Kate? Shouldn't she be here?" "I wanted to pick you up myself." "Oh, you mean trap me?" She pointed out, trying to see out of the dark tinted windows. He chuckled. "This way you can't ignore and avoid me as you've done the past six years." Bella smirked at him. "I see nothing has changed. You still expect to have what you want." "No, you have it wrong. I expect to have what is mine. You, Isabella... you belong to me. You always have. Time and space could not change that. It is our reality." "But my loyalty to my sister has changed." Her words did not pierce him as she wanted them to. They did the opposite. They antagonized him, filled his insides with rage. How dare she make him out to be the bad guy when they were both in the wrong. He pursed his lips to hide his anger, and then smiled. "Ben, to the penthouse," he said to the driver before turning his attention back to Bella. "You need to be reminded of your place." "Edward, please-" She began to beg. He could see the desperation in her big brown eyes and conceded. "Breakfast, then. We need to talk." Edward took Bella to Pebble Bay Country Club, treating her to a high-end breakfast expecting to impress her. What he didn't know was that in the six-year separation Isabella had become something of a big deal in New York. She was not quite as wealthy as Edward Cullen but she was quite rich. She slid into a booth, and surprisingly, Edward slid in next to her rather than across from her. She scoffed at his inappropriate behavior. "There's a seat over there for you." She told him, wiggling as far away from him as possible, but he came closer. "Fine," she said when she noticed that he was not going to move. She turned her attention to her menu, and scanned down to a delightful Salmon dish. "See anything you like?" He asked from beside her. She glanced over and noted that he was watching her with a smile playing on his lips. Edward thought he had to come to her rescue. Little did he know, Bella had funds of her own and the prices did not scare her as they had once done years ago. Back when she was a teenager, they would sneak away to have dinner. She would frown at the prices, and look up at him with doe eyes. He had no problem paying for her meals, he rather liked that she had a hearty appetite, whereas Kate always ordered a salad, or picked at her food like a bird. In Edward's mind, the sisters were complete opposites, and his dating them both gave him the best of both worlds. Bella was much younger than Edward when they began their affair, and at first she wasn't ready for sex. Therefore, he got the sweet innocent little girl who warmed his heart. With Kate, everything was fiery and lustful. Their entire relationship practically built on sex. He had the older, wilder sister, and also the younger, timid sister. Until Bella left him, ignored his calls, and cut him out of her life for good. "Everything looks delicious," she told him. He tilted his head to the side. "Were you doubtful of that fact?" He asked with a raised brow. With a heavy sigh Bella spoke, "Do we have to speak to each other? Can't we eat in silence?" She asked in a rather snotty attitude, but at the moment she didn't particularly care much for small talk. He didn't reply for long seconds but when he did, he leaned close...dangerously close, and Bella had to mentally chastise herself for shuddering under his intense gaze. She hated that he still had an effect on her. "What is it about me?" His piercing green gaze locked with her large brown eyes, and she nearly lost all her senses. His hypnotic gaze trapped her in its iron clutches and threatened to never free her. She was rendered speechless, and he noticed. A small smile tilted his lips at the corner, and he looked away momentarily, shaking his head. When he looked back up his head only lifted marginally but his eyes found