A/N: My apologies for the delay in posting this. A lot of my spare time has been taken up by my multi-chap story, Potentiality. But I have finally gotten it done! One of the things this story does is to correct the problems in the last story. When I wrote "Finding Love" I wasn't aware of the cultural restrictions that would've made it highly unlikely to have happened at all. Still, this should handle some of the loose ends there. My thanks to everyone who has read and reviewed. I always love to hear from readers; it helps me to improve as a writer as well as to give me motivation to keep up with the series. In The Light Of Day From his place, leaning on one of the bedposts, Legolas watched Linilya braid her hair in the dim light of pre-dawn. The sight was familiar to him; the novelty was in having her in *his* room doing it. He watched her fasten the fourth braid and begin to twist the two on her left side together. When she reached for a clasp to hold them with while she twined the braids on the other side, he stepped up behind her and rested his hands on hers. "Allow me to help?" he murmured in her ear. Though taken by surprise once again, Linilya nodded and a smile spread slowly across her lips. While she held the braids in her hand, Legolas deftly twisted the other pair of braids together. He joined the two sections at the back of her head and picked up her small butterfly clasp with which to fasten them. "Thank you, my gentle one," she said when he'd finished. She certainly wasn't used to help, but it would not be difficult to get used to. Love was warm in her heart, and she could see it shining from her lover's eyes as well. No, Legolas was more than her lover - he was her love, and she would remain with him forever if he wished it. She had promised him as much last night. It was nice to know that nothing had changed with the coming of the morning. If anything, he was more affectionate than he had ever been with her before. And she loved it. Her image in the mirror before her fairly glowed with joy, even to her own eyes. Few who saw her today would be able to avoid wondering just what had changed in her life; some she might even be willing to tell. Such friends as she had made in the past few decades of life here might even guess without so much as a single word from her. Hopefully they would be as happy for her as she was for herself; she had learned that such actions as they had taken the night before was not considered acceptable. But perhaps announcing betrothal would be reason enough. "You are welcome, little one," Legolas replied with another smile. "'Tis my pleasure to assist whenever I am needed." And truly, it was. There was little he would not do for her, should she request it. Yet he would remain true to himself as well. He had said last night that he wished to court her, and he intended to do so. Court her with sweet words and small surprises and all the love and affection she deserved. Things she had mostly lacked in her life previously. They would likely have to observe the one-year betrothal period, but a year was not so long to wait. He would show her exactly what kind of life-mate he intended to be for her, should she continue accept his suit. Though, given her words of the night before, he had little doubt that she would accept. The courtship was a formality and his desire to see through. He knew she had no special need to be courted; she had said as much already. She would be happy to be with him. But he also knew that she would enjoy it, whether she admitted it or not. Legolas turned to rummage through a box on his dresser before turning back to her with something in his hand. "I have a small gift for you, meleth-nin ," he said softly as he returned to her side. He reached for her hand and turned it over. With a small smile, he placed a delicate silver ring in her palm. "We are both well past the need for parental consent, so need only to exchange rings to have our betrothal acknowledged," he continued in a gentle voice. "I had not planned for events to occur thusly, but I had hoped…" Linilya smiled and closed her fingers around the ring. She examined it, appreciating the intricate scrollwork of leaves and flowers, before sliding it onto her finger. Then she reached into the pocket of her skirt and retrieved a small, wrapped object. "I had this made some time ago, quietly. I had hope only; I'm not sure I quite believed I would ever have a chance to ask you to wear it. Still, I am glad now that I have carried it with me." She handed him the small bundle of silk to open. Unwrapping the fabric took only a moment and Legolas smiled. This band was also of silver, but the trio of leaves clustered at the top were enameled in green and so life-like that it took closer inspection to see how it was made. The remainder of the band was lightly etched in an intricate knotwork pattern. "It's perfect," he said as he slipped it on. "Thank you." " Guren min gaim lín ," she said. (tr: "My heart is in your hands.") "But you are welcome. Do we need to speak to your father?" "I should. And perhaps you ought to make a call to Lórien." She nodded. "After that," he began gently, settling comfortably beside her.. "What would you like to do today?" "Well," she began thoughtfully. "I think I would like to have a picnic in our clearing, out in the Wood. But we would not be able to stay out late, much as I might wish to. I have a dinner engagement tonight: I promised Lady Aurlith that I would attend her daughter's anniversary banquet." "Ahh, yes, Lady Aurlith. I am pledged to attend as well. Perhaps we should attend together?" His eyes glinted briefly with humor at that suggestion. "Though many are not unaccustomed to you and I keeping each other's company, the change in us... and in our situation... may take some by surprise." Sweet laughter met his suggestion, and Linilya pictured the reaction of their hostess in her mind. "Oh, my," she said when they paused for breath, "I do believe that Lady Aurlith would feel herself upstaged if we announced a betrothal at her banquet. Though," she mused after a moment, "perhaps she would be the better for it." The Lady in question was quite full of herself, in Linilya's opinion. Even after several decades of dealing with Elves in the court here, Lady Aurlith was one who still managed to irritate her. "Perhaps so," Legolas agreed with a smile. "But we can discuss the matter further over our picnic. Shall we avail ourselves of what time we have to enjoy each other's company?" "I should like nothing better," Linilya said with a smile of her own. "Perhaps we should each get our separate tasks done so we can enjoy ourselves." Legolas nodded his agreement. Linilya stood gracefully and leaned down to brush a soft kiss across his lips. Then, without another word, she slipped out of his room. Living up to the nickname given her by the scouts and wardens in the wood, she moved silently and unseen down the halls until she reached her own rooms. Legolas approached his father's study with some measure of trepidation. Though Thranduil's heart had lightened somewhat when the evil of Sauron was at last vanquished, he was more accustomed to dealing with his father's abrasiveness than the loving father he recalled from his childhood. And yet, Thranduil was still his father and Legolas hoped for his approval and his blessing. A knock at the door was returned by a call to enter, and Legolas stepped into the dimly lit chamber. Thranduil sat in a chair by the fire, a goblet on the table beside him and a book in his hand. " Suilad ion nin ," Thranduil set aside his book as he spoke and rose to his feet. "What brings you here so early?" The two exchanged a brief embrace. " Suilad adar ," Legolas replied as they parted. "I came to speak with you about a personal matter." "Personal?" Thranduil asked as he resumed his seat before the fire and gestured his son to join him. "Something to do with your young admirer, perhaps?" He wore an amused expression until his eyes lit on the ring adorning his son's finger; amusement melted into genuine pleasure and he waited for Legolas to give him the news. "Aye, adar . We spoke this morning and exchanged rings," Legolas admitted softly, somewhat reassured by the new light in his father's eyes. "I love her and she loves me. We are old enough to not need approval, adar , but we would like your blessing and for you to be involved," Legolas explained. " Meleth thilia min hin lín ," Thranduil noted. (tr: "Love sparkles in your eyes") Legolas smiled and nodded, hopeful but not quite ready to believe in his father's support until he spoke such. "Of course you have my blessing." Thranduil stood and rested his hand on his son's shoulder; his own marriage ring still on his index finger, despite the long passage of time without her. "I presume she is planning to speak with her kin back in Lórien as well?" "Indeed. I expect she is speaking with them even now," Legolas agreed. " Hannon le, adar . This means much to us." "You are my son; I would not keep you from happiness, if this is what you seek." Thranduil smiled, a genuine smile of love for the first time in a long time. "I am sure I shall be hearing from her family before long. Rest assured that all shall be accomplished in time." Upon returning to her rooms, Linilya retrieved a particular object. It was a sphere of clear, sparkling crystal that she normally kept safely wrapped in silk. She set it on her dressing table and unwrapped it until it sat in a bed of pure white. She reached out to cup her hand around it, concentrating on Lady Galadriel. The stone was a relic of a lost age, given to her so she would never again be cut off from family or aid should she require it. Normally she wouldn't use it just to have a conversation, but she hoped circumstances would justify it. Legolas certainly seemed to think it would be an acceptable use of the power in the stone. She could only hope he was right. The Lady herself answered the call. " Glass nín le achened , Linilya," Galadriel said with a smile. (literal translation: "It is my joy to see you again," used as a greeting.) Her voice actually sounded in Linilya's mind, not for the first time. The crystal worked together with the Lady's gifts and allowed them to speak easily. "Good morning, Lady Galadriel," Linilya replied. "I hope I am not disturbing you." "Nothing that cannot wait, my dear. What brings you to call today?" Galadriel asked with gentle affection. Linilya had long since found her way into her heart, and the Lady of Light was happy to give the lost elleth the love she had been lacking after losing first her birth parents and then her family among Men. Claiming kinship became even simpler when Linilya and Arwen had bonded as if they were sisters. "I called because