Title: "A History to Tell" Fandom: Lord of the Rings Rating: PG Spoilers: None, as yet Feedback: Keeps me writing! Disclaimer: If I owned any of Tolkien's work, would I really write fanfiction? However, Linilya, her history and such are mine. Author's note: Because Tolkien never clearly stated anywhere how long elves take to grow up, only that they live long lives, I have written this on the assumption that it takes them the better part of 100 years to fully mature. Since most of the elves in LotR are well over 1000 years old, and some much more than that, I didn't think that was unreasonable. If you approximate 100 for an elf with 20 or 21 for a modern human, that makes about five years to our one. But humans don't live to see 200! Dedication: To Prophecy, for being my beloved Beta. Thank you, hon! Also, to everyone who asked for a story about Linilya's past... you may have gotten more than you bargained for! Chapter 1 - In the Beginning "Tell us of your past," spoke the Elder. "We wish to know more of you and from whence you came." "Where shall I begin?" Linilya queried softly. She struggled hard to appear less intimidated than she truly was; the only comfort she had was that she knew one other in the council hall. He was with her, the leader of the group who had found her. Legolas was his name. His presence was a comfort, though; they had become friends over the past weeks. "Begin with the first thing you clearly remember," spoke another of the council. The rest murmured agreement, and so she nodded her head once before beginning. "The farthest back I can remember, I have an image of two people. An ellon and an elleth, my parents." Her voice was wistful and sad. She wished she could remember more of them, but was glad that she knew as much as she did. "I used to dream of them often. My mother, a golden lady, with a voice at once like a bird and also like the mellow tones of a river. And always with her, a man who was less golden, though no less bright. He had a gentle voice, but deep like the sea or a mild thunderstorm. I cannot remember but that they loved me very much. "I do remember clearly how they died. I was very small - little more than 30 years. We were having a picnic on the banks of a river - the Anduin, I believe. We had taken a little boat down the river but a ways and set out our lunch. We were relaxing in the sun afterwards when the attack came. Little creatures, dark and ugly, swarmed upon us. My parents took to their bows and many of the little things were killed. But after a time, they kept coming. My mother put me into the boat with the leftovers from lunch, the blanket, and the paddle. Then she pushed the boat into the current. I think... I think they hoped that when the danger was gone, they could follow downstream and find me again. But they were... overwhelmed." Her voice broke on the last word. She paused and took a few breaths before continuing on. "I was very frightened, alone, but eventually I fell asleep in the boat. When I woke, I was very far away, though I knew it not. I understood little of what had happened, at the time. But I was hungry, so I ate and then slept again. While I slept the second time, the boat was discovered. By Men. I woke to the sound of voices, harsh and strange to my ears. But then a man knelt down in front of the boat and spoke softly to me. I could not understand and tried to tell him so, but he could no more understand me than I could him." Linilya thought for a short time, remembering a long way back. Her voice grew stronger as she continued with relatively more recent memories. "That was my first meeting with the Man who took me in as his own daughter. I came to trust him when one of the men became impatient with his attempt to coax me out of the boat. The strange man tried to pick me up and move me, and I screamed. Father stopped him quick, and they left me alone after that. As time passed, I clung to him. He was gentle with me, and I felt safe with him." "He was good to you, then?" one of the Elder queried. "Yes, he was. Right from the first. After a time, the group returned to their home - a town in the country now known as Rohan. Father took me home with him, and his wife took to me at once. Over a time, they taught me to speak the Common Tongue and many other things. When I knew enough to understand, they told me that they would be as my parents and that their family would be mine. Father said that he was taken with me right away, for to his eyes I was such a pretty, golden child. And that anyone who loved children could not help but wish to care for one so obviously lost, alone and frightened." "You truly loved them, child. Anyone can see that in you. You were very fortunate that you were found and fostered by such kind people." Her eyes focused on the Elder who had spoken, and she nodded slowly. p "I know that I was fortunate. My parents cared for me, and when they passed away their eldest daughter continued to care for me. My foster-sisters called me their ever-child, for they grew much faster than I did. I lived with them for three of their generations. They taught me all that they could; I learned my letters and numbers, the Elvish language and a bit of Elvish script from an old scholar, the use of bow and knife, and much in the way of herb-lore such as the Men know it. And truly, I had not completely lost the language, for my father encouraged me to speak it even once I learned the Common, and he enjoyed listening to me sing such songs as children know. Even when he could not understand them." "Why did you leave?" one of the Elders asked. "You seem to have been happy there." Linilya grew quiet, and a frown crossed her delicate features. Her fingers toyed with the ring on the third finger of her right hand, betraying her uneasiness. Legolas, watching her, also frowned slightly. She usually seemed everlastingly optimistic. What could make her frown so? "In the end, I had to leave," she admitted reluctantly. "One of my brothers fell sick in his later years. His children and their children, recalling the songs and legends, said that Elves could heal and that I was obviously an Elf. Could I not heal Faranor?" She took a deep breath and continued in a softer tone, "I went to him and I tried, as they bid me. I could feel my own energy within me, but I could not send it to him to make him better. I tried until I was exhausted. Then after I slept, I tried again. In the end, Faranor himself told me to desist. 'Twas me and his eldest daughter, and he said, 'Lini, you cannot do what you have not been taught to do. You have learned something by your trying, but I would not have you hurt yourself in trying to help me. I shall pass in peace, and no burden shall be laid on you.' His gaze switched to his daughter and he spoke once more, 'That is my wish, daughter.' Mirani nodded and called her sister and her daughter to watch over Faranor while she helped me to my bed." "But Men, being who they are, do not easily forgive and forget what they see as the failing of another. They blamed you regardless, did they not?" Linilya bowed her head and closed her eyes. She felt a hand rest gently on her shoulder, offering some small measure of comfort, and she turned her head. Legolas gave her a reassuring smile, and Linilya found the heart to continue her tale. "Some of them did not, but many felt as if I had failed or perhaps not tried hard enough. I lived with it for a time, but I could not stand it for long. Of such stern stuff I am not made. I spoke to Mirani and the others who held me blameless, and they gave me all I needed to make my own way. I had learned much in my time with them, and I knew I could care for myself. I took my bow and my knives and such other things as I would need and made my way north. My father had told me that I was found drifting south on the river, and that he believed my people must live in the north. "I traveled a great distance, mostly on foot. Until at last I came to a great forest, which I later learned was the Fangorn. I had always loved the trees, and I was happy to stay in the forest for quite some time. Fruit and other edibles were plenty, there were streams from which I could drink, and I was content to stay there while I could. I cut no trees and harmed no creatures, and so I went unnoticed for many years. But I learned that one cannot live undiscovered in that Forest for long. On one fine summer day, some ten years after leaving home, I was confronted by a strange being. It resembled a large oak tree, and had a voice that rumbled like the earth. And so it was that I met my first Ent." Now Linilya smiled. Her time with the Ents had been peaceful and mostly happy. "I lived in Fangorn for nearly five centuries. Even that amount of time is but the blink of an eye to an Ent, many of whom are as old as the forests. They do not often use their real names to address one another, and so to them I was known as Waterlily. Those who moved about would come to visit me. Those who did not would on occasion send me a message to visit them. From the Ents I learned to speak to and understand the trees, and I learned a little of the history of their forest and their people. But after such a long time, I grew lonely. From their history, I had learned that there were indeed Elves living northward and also westward, on the other side of the mountains. "I spent several days taking my leave of the Ents. They do things very slowly, and they call all others 'hasty' because that is the way they perceive them. But I went slowly and after a time they bid me a fond farewell. They did what they could to facilitate my travel through Fangorn itself, and I knew that as long as I traveled within their boarders I was safe. But I became wary when I left the forest. Well did I remember what had befallen my birth-parents, and I took pains to be careful that it would not happen to me as well." She considered how long her tale had become and decided to skip over somewhat of her wanderings - much of it was not worth telling. "Taking my time and going carefully, I crossed the mountains and continued north. The trip took me more than a year, for I spent the time to be as hidden as I could be and many times I did not keep to one road. I went west for a time, then back east, but always continuing northward.