Hello guys ! I had this for a while, and I knew I had to write it or it wouldn't leave me alone. It's a little different from the usual Next-Gen fanfic, so I hope you'll like it. It's actually the first time I completed an OS in English, I tried my best at using correct idioms and erasing errors, but some may still be there. Feel free to point them. On one bright summer morning at the Burrow, nine-years old James sneaked into the storage room and borrowed a broom. Without saying anything to anyone, he escaped the vigilance of his family and flew until he was too tired to. It was sunset when he came back. As expected, everyone was worried sick about him. He even got a so terrifying earful he would still remember it years later, but James didn't really care at the time. "What will he do when he'll be grown up ?" His mother wondered when she had finally calmed down enough. His uncle Bill put a hand on her shoulder and tried to comfort her. "Don't worry, he'll get over it." He didn't. He was in sixth year and just came home for Christmas holidays when the question about his future was put on the table for the first time. "I met with Oliver Wood the other day. Puddlemere's searching a new Seeker for the next season, their main one is getting old. They want a young one, so they could train him." His mother said casually while serving dinner. Albus and Lily were currently at Ron and Hermione's, leaving just the three of them for a few days. James finished his drink slowly. "And ?" She glanced at him from the corner of her eye. "Oh, nothing. He dropped a few hints there and there, saying it was a shame you still have one year to go at Hogwarts. Apparently, he has heard great things about you." She stated in a flat tone. But James could clearly see through it. "Mum, there's a reason I dropped Quidditch this year, you know." "Yeah, yeah, I know." She said, a little irritated. "But I thought hearing it from a renowned coach and former international player would make you reflect on it." "Gin, you promised-" His father started cautiously. They already talked about it then, without him. "It's just, I don't understand !" She finally shouted suddendly by throwing her hands in the air. "Since you could talk, you would tell us how much you love flying ! Every day, all you wanted to do was taking your broom for a tour around the house, even when a storm was raging on ! When you got the spot on the Quidditch team in second year, you were totally ecstatic ! In your letters you always went length about how much you loved playing for Gryffindor. So imagine my surprise when Al and Lily mentioned that you quit the team without any reason !" James was honestly amazed they didn't reach this point until now. When he resigned at the start of the year, he knew they wouldn't be too pleased, especially his mother. That's why he didn't say anything. But now he realized he maybe should have. "Listen." He paused to make sure their attention was on him. He didn't have to search hard to see the total loss in their eyes. "I love flying. I love it more than anything. And playing with the team is really great, especially when we win, and I always felt proud when we brought the Cup home each year." He went on hastily when he saw his mother was opening her mouth. "But what I love more than flying and Quidditch, is flying quickly . The burst of energy, the wind biting your face and the feeling that just one wrong move could send you falling straight to the ground, Quidditch never gave me that. Im mean, the occasional dives that I did to fetch the snitch were pretty close to that, but it was always so short-timed that I never felt like it was enough." He shut up for a moment and took a deep breath. "Last year, it was horrible, I was getting sick of it. I couldn't go on anymore, not while I was so limited. So sorry Mum, but I can't do professional Quidditch, it's just not for me." No one said anything for a while, and James didn't know if he should feel pleased or worried about that. His mother pursed her lips. She didn't understand, he could see it clearly in her eyes, but her lack of response was showing she had accepted his explanation. And for now, it was more than enough. That's when his father made an interesting suggestion. "Quidditch isn't the only magical sport, actually one of my men's daughter is the captain of the English National Racing Team. If you want, you could contact her for tips. You may not like it, but you could still give it a try, no ?" James pondered it for a while. It was worth a shot. He didn't meet Aldith Beamish until the next summer. Blonde hair kept in a high ponytail, tall, broad shoulders and sharp eyes, everything in her appearance screamed confidence. "So what do we have here… Short, lithe but still a straight posture, not bad I guess." James wasn't intimidated easily, but he couldn't help but feel like a small child under her scrutinizing gaze. "What's your broom ?" She asked sharply. "Firebolt 4th Serie." He showed it to her. "Classical." She didn't even glance at it. "Should have I said personalized Firebolt ?" He asked innocently while keeping a straight face. "Now you're making sense !" She smirked and James couldn't help but send her a mad grin. She then led the way to the pitch. Besides being the National Captain, Beamish was the star member and assistant coach of the Falmouth Falcons' racing section, which granted her total access to the place. To his surprise, they didn't stop at the Quidditch pitch. "Where are we going ?" She looked at him from the corner of her eyes and let a small smile grace her lips, but didn't answer. If he weren't before, now he was totally curious. When they passed the stands, Beamish finally stopped. James froze. Hidden behind the enormous Quidditch pitch and its stands, was a vast field. Nine figures were flying at high speed while avoiding countless obstacles. Moving rocks, firewalls, vicious plant vines… And was that a flying tree ? James winced when he saw dozens of shards coming straight to a flyer, leaving no doubt about the pain that was to come. But the racer avoided all of them without breaking a sweat. That's when he noticed the pairs of red flags scattered all over the place, demarcating the different courses. Some of them were pretty close to the ground while others were extremely high in the sky. If he squinted, he could even see some red in the nearby forest. He was absolutely gobsmacked. "Love the sight ?" James faced her, his mouth agape. "It's amazing !" She laughed loudly. "Who would have thought this babe was hiding there, huh ? But enough with the chit-chat, you're ready Junior ?" James nodded violently and made a move to mount his broom, but Beamish stopped him. "Just a second Potter. Just to be clear. I don't care whose son you are, you may be the spawn of the national hero, it means nothing to me. So don't expect me to keep you if you're not good enough." James didn't reply. He put his goggles on and paused a second to send her a pointed look. Then he took flight. Only one of the three courses was unoccupied at the moment. He placed himself at the start, took a deep breath and, without even glancing at Beamish, made an astonishing acceleration. It was indescribable. He couldn't think anymore, he forgot where he was or who he was, the adrenaline rushing through his veins was the only thing that was making sense to him. He was sure he nearly died two or three times, some cutting rocks came pretty close, but he didn't care. He was already near the end of the course when he skyrocketed towards the summit. Now, the only thing separating him from the finish line was a 400 meters dive. He plunged forward. It only lasted for a few seconds, but he had never felt so whole. He crossed the last red flags and almost didn't slow down until he joined Beamish. "So, was it enough ?" She didn't need to say anything really, he knew from her wide eyes he had made a good impression. She kept silent for a while, but the corners of her mouth were twitching so much she couldn't keep it any longer. "You cheeky brat !" She burst out laughing. Beamish got back her calm quickly, but still fixed her piercing gaze on James. "The World Championships are next year, do you think you can take up the challenge ?" There was no need to say more. In July 2022, mere weeks after his eighteenth birthday, he became the youngest racing champion and brought home the first relay title England had won since 1989. Arms full of flower bouquets, he bit his golden medal in front of dozens of photograph flashes. The two dark-haired Swedish flyers that flanked his sides were brother and sister and both older than him by several years. After another few minutes they could finally leave the spotlight. James let out a cry of relief he didn't know he was holding. "Don't worry, it only becomes both worse and better each time." He turned around at the slightly accented voice. Ame Vitström, silver medalist, was leaning casually against the wall with his arms crossed against his chest and a slight smile on his face. "Should it be comforting ?" James winced. "You can take it how you want. But believe me kid, I've been doing that for thirteen years now." He straightened up and came closer. "Anyway, you're the new Champ now." James made a point to stand firm when the other eyed him. "It seems so." "Welcome to the club, then." He extended a hand, but while he could sense the apparent serenity the other was showing him, James wasn't fooled. He could see the competitive streak lurking behind his eyes. They shook hand without saying anything, but the pressure they were putting in it was telling everything. "What you did there… that was pure madness." Vitström stated without breaking eye contact. James shrugged. "If I remembered correctly, you were the one that followed me." He retorted flatly. Vitström laughed and clapped his shoulder. "You're right Junior, but don't get too confident, little old me still has many tricks up his sleeves." James frowned at the nickname, but didn't back down. "I look forward to it." Vitström nodded and started to leave, but he paused at the last moment. "By the way, most teams will be at the Döv Kvast tonight, don't forget to show your pretty face." Eight hours later, James was starting to regret his decision. He could clearly feel the effects of the alcohol, but was still able to keep a cool head thankfully. Unlike some of his teammates who entered a drinking contest with the Bulgarians and were already wasted. Stumbling slightly, he slipped through the crowd to a nearby table. After making a show of himself on the dancefloor, he was in a dire need of a break. He collapsed on the chair and put his head on the table in a vain attempt to block out the loud music that was starting to hurt his brain. "Is it already too much for you ?" James looked up. Vitström was facing him, a Firewhiskey in his hand. He had changed from his