Inevitable disclaimer: I do not own the setting, characters, or situations described in The Hunger Games, Catching Fire, or Mockingjay. More is the pity. It is not light that we need, but fire; it is not the gentle shower, but thunder. We need the storm, the whirlwind, and the earthquake. -Frederick Douglass Chapter 1 The sound of her own screams woke Katniss. She bolted upright her eyes flying open. As always when she woke from her nightmares it took her a few moments to place herself in the correct location. The surface on which she rested was soft and warm, instead of hard and rough. She was surrounded by walls that had been painted a pleasant shade of pale yellow, not in the freezing open air. A ceiling rather than a canopy of leaves obscured her view of the night sky above. Katniss took air in gasps, her skin was covered in cold sweat, and goose pimples stood out on every inch of exposed skin. As the two versions of her reality did battle in Katniss' still sleep addled mind she began to sob. A figure to her left stirred, "-at's wrong?" Gale's voice was muffled by the pillow into which his face was buried. The answer came from Katniss' right, "Nightmare, go back to sleep." The sound of Peeta's clear confident tone was like a life preserver thrown to Katniss, still adrift in a sea of panic and uncertainty. It began to pull her toward believing in the reality of walls, ceilings, and beds and to pull her away from the nightmare world where she was strapped to a tree, freezing, fifty feet in the air while human faced wolves were scrambling up the trunk to devour her. "Your province," was Gale's reply as he turned back into his pillow. Gale had to be up early to go to work in the coal mines of District 12, besides he couldn't do anything to help anyway. Gale had experienced the horror of Katniss' time in the Hunger Games last year, but his horror was the impotent agony of watching every second of the televised event, but because he hadn't been present in the arena his presence was not one that could call her back from the memories of that time that haunted her dreams. The only one able to sooth her was Peeta. At first Gale had experienced a terrible amount of insecurity that his comfort was ineffective, but it had finally sunk in that it was not a sign that Katniss' affection for him was lacking. Just now he was pleased that there was someone else there to help Katniss in her distress, he was exhausted. As Gale slipped back into a peaceful sleep Peeta enfolded Katniss in his arms pulling her head down to his chest. He didn't say anything, his presence, his smell, the feel of his skin against hers, the steady echo of his heartbeat in her ears, this is what she needed. Moments later Katniss felt herself firmly in the waking world where she was safe from the visions that crowded her mind while she slept. If Peeta was here now, and there were walls, ceilings, and beds then, Katniss knew, the Hunger Games were over, no one was actively trying to kill her, she was safe in her home in District 12. Despite knowing this to be true nearly every night, in her dreams she returned to the arena, to hunger, and thirst, fear, and grief. She dreamed of flames licking at her legs, of explosions blotting out all sounds from the world, of swords biting into beloved flesh, of little Rue, the girl from District 11, as the spear pierced her stomach, of the look on the spear thrower's face as Katniss' answering arrow drove through his throat, of her little sister Prim dying a thousand deaths in the arena with her, Katniss, unable to prevent it, and on rare nights the tumble of a million tons of rock as they crushed her father when the mine had collapsed on him. Katniss drifted off into sleep again, her head resting on Peeta's chest, and arm thrown over his body, holding him tightly. Peeta wound a few stands of her dark hair around his fingers and smiling, he gently kissed it before brushing back the hair that had fallen over her face. He had expected this night to be a bad one. Tomorrow he and Katniss would start their Victory Tour which would pull them from the nominal safety of District 12 and, over the course of a month, drag them through the other Districts, in which lived the families of some of the children they had killed, and end with their return to the Capitol. The Capitol was the one place in the world that he and Katniss most wanted to avoid, because while there were no more District Tributes trying to kill them, President Snow, and the rest of the government of the Capitol most certainly were still bent on their destruction . Peeta still shuddered at the memory of the hushed conversation he and Katniss had with their mentor Haymitch on the train while they headed back from the Games. "Don't be dense girl; you aren't stupid so stop acting like it!" Haymitch's voice was harsh and intense, completely free of the alcohol induced slur that usually muddled his speech. "I can't believe that they would care so much that a sixteen year old girl wouldn't want to kill her boyfriend," Katniss had answered, attempting to sound dismissive of their danger. Peeta remembered how the Game Master had declared a change to the rules of the Game. Always there had been permitted only one winner, one survivor, but because of the popularity of the "star-crossed lovers from District 12", he and Katniss, they had announced that two victors would be permitted as long as they were from the same District. Peeta had been desperately wounded at the time the rule change had been announced, but Katniss had found him, had nursed him back to health, and in the end they had been the last two left alive. It was then that the Game Master had tried to rescind the rule change and force them to duel it out. Peeta had been more than willing to allow her to kill him, he had been willing to take his own life rather than making her endure killing him, but she had come up with a different plan. Katniss had pulled several berries, the deep purple of a fresh bruise, from her pocket. Nightlock, instant death in a convenient bite sized form. She had divvied up the berries between them and after kissing Peeta for what was to be the last time she looked out at the unseen millions watching said, "I am sorry Prim," and then they had both raised the berries to their lips when the Game Master had called for them to stop and declared them both Victors. "I take it back, you are stupid! The only things that the Capitol cares about are loyalty and obedience. Obedience is the ultimate proof of loyalty to the Capitol, and here you are on national television showing greater loyalty to Peeta by refusing to kill him than to the Capitol by obeying their orders, and because of Seneca you got away with it!" "It wasn't defiance, I just couldn't kill him." "It was defiance, don't lie to me or to yourself, it will get you killed. You have no idea the kind of impact that a successful resistance of the Capitol, however small, could have on the rest of the country. Damn it Katniss people will see your actions and believe that the Capitol can be defied with impunity." Katniss had allowed a small proud smile to lighten on her face. After enduring the hospitality of the Capitol and being subjected to the horror of the Hunger Games she was of the opinion that the Capitol was evil, intensely, unapologetically, unconditionally evil. For the first time she understood why Gale raged against the Capitol from the safety of her company in the seclusion of the forest. For years Katniss had let him rant, privately considering his outbursts to be a waste of time, and energy. After all nothing could be done, the Capitol held the ultimate power over the Districts; they had the power to destroy them. No amount of passionate outbursts could change the fact that the only two certainties in life were death and the Hunger Games. Now, while she could not conceive of how it could be accomplished, she understood that the Capitol needed to be stopped. Her smile faded instantly when she looked at Haymitch, who looked like he might slap her. "Katniss," he groaned, "the Capitol cannot be defied with impunity!" "We did a pretty good job, we're still alive," now she was feeling defiant, but after a moment's reflection she looked at Haymitch, "why are we still alive?" "Now she starts waking up," Haymitch rolled his eyes, "you are alive because the Capitol has always portrayed the victors of the Hunger Games as heroes. Your star-crossed lovers act made the people of the Capitol love you and Peeta, but their attention is fickle and all too often fleeting." "So we are safe as long as we remain in the public eye?" "Depends on what you mean by safe. You are unlikely to be executed in a public square, but will you still consider yourself safe when Prim's name comes out of the Reaping bowl again next year, or when Gale, your beloved cousin, is arrested and executed for poaching?" The possibilities were endless, and Katniss realized, none of these things would be felt by the people of the Capitol at all. Gale was not her cousin, but in order to sell the she and Peeta angle, it was necessary to cast Gale in the light of a close friend and family member. Like most people from the Seam they shared certain physical characteristics, the dark hair, the gray eyes, and the sallow skin, so it was not a hard sell. Peeta, like Haymitch, her mother, and Prim all had light hair, blue eyes, and fair skin, they were classic Townies, but Gale was too male, too good looking, and had too often been seen in her presence to be dismissed so a story had to be concocted and close family relation had been the best way to assuage the inevitable suspicion of romantic entanglement. "How long can we possibly hope to maintain their fleeting favor?" Peeta had asked. "A year, two at most. If you play your cards right," Haymitch looked at Peeta, "and don't do anything stupid," he looked at Katniss, "this year we have the Victory Tour, make that memorable, then next year the two of you will act as mentors to the new Tributes, people will want to see how you divide the work, and will you compete or cooperate in training the Tributes." "Two years?" "At most." "Is there nothing I can do?" "Well," said Haymitch brightening slightly in tone and manner, "you could die, that would be convenient, but it wouldn't help you much." "Nor me." Said Peeta, his eyes fixed on Katniss. That was how they left it, no resolution, just a very sharp sword hanging over them all by a very thin thread. They had arrived back in District 12 tired, worried, and yet elated. All of the danger was still in front of them but they could not really feel it yet, they had survived the most harrowing ordeal of their lives to date and this imparted a sense of invincibility. Katniss had stepped from the train her eyes scanning the crowd for Prim, and Gale. She was not even conscious of Peeta's hand holding hers, but as her eyes fell on Gale she could see that he was conscious of it, and the anger and pain reflected in