Harry Potter belongs to J.K Rowling The Burrow was heaving with people as the party was well under way and Albus Potter sat in the corner of the Living Room in a foul mood. His Cousin Rose had been given a Prefects Badge and his Grandparents had thrown her a party and the Living Room was host to a large banner with the words: Congratulations Rose, New Prefect. Aunt Hermione had charmed it so that it flashed red and gold. His Uncle Ron had spent the night beaming so much, that Albus was sure that his face was going to split in two. Aunt Hermione was showing off Rose's shiny new Prefects Badge to Aunt Fleur and Aunt Audrey. Uncle Ron was loudly telling Hugo that it would be his turn soon whilst Uncle Percy, Dominique and Lucy were dispensing some valuable advice to the new Prefect. James, Fred and Roxanne were laughing at one of Uncle George's jokes whilst Lily was happily chatting to Uncle Bill, Uncle Charlie and Louis who was sporting a brand new fanged ear ring. Gran was rushing about frantically making sure that everyone was fed and watered. She somehow gave his Dad an extra Pork Pie. She was always doing that. His Dad was chatting to Grandad and his Mum was chatting to Aunt Angelina. Teddy Lupin and Victoire were snuggled up in the other corner and were exchanging kisses. Albus had to admire Teddy's nerve. Teddy's hair was Weasley red for the occasion. Everyone was chatting to everyone else and Albus was sitting in the corner alone, feeling left out. As if he would want some stupid Prefect Badge anyway. The way Uncle Ron was going on, it was as if Rose had cured lycanthropy. His stomach churned unpleasantly when he saw his Dad tell Rose that he was proud of her. He found himself wishing that Harry said that he was proud of him . All in all, it was turning out to be a rotten, vomit inducing evening. Worse still, the Living Room was getting hot and stuffy as more and more people filed in. Hagrid had to leave early as Mrs. Tonks, former Minister of Magic Kingsley Shacklebolt, the Headmistress of Hogwarts Professor McGonagall ,the Longbottom's and the Scamander's arrived and the racket that the Scamander twins were making were giving Albus a throbbing headache. Between Lorcan and Lysander's antics, Uncle Ron's booming voice, Uncle Percy's pompous manner, the flashing banner and his Gran rushing about all flustered, Albus was certain that he was going explode in anger. Feeling that he couldn't take much more of this any longer, he got up and walked past James, Fred and Roxanne who were listening to Uncle George telling the same old story for the umpteenth time, past Teddy and Victoire who were glued to the lips and seemed to be having a tongue wresting match, past Gran and Grandad who were chatting to Mrs. Tonks. Past Uncle Ron who was thanking Professor McGonagall very graciously for making his perfect Daughter a Prefect, past Uncle Percy who was still giving Prefect tips to Rose, past Uncle Bill and Louis who were talking about Gringotts and were wearing matching Dragon hide jackets, past Uncle Charlie, Lily, Dominique, Molly and Lucy who were chatting about Dragons, past his Mum, Aunt Angelina, Aunt Fleur and Luna Scamander who was telling them about her discovery of the Tittering Tickling Toad (whatever that was), Past Aunt Hermione and Kingsley Shacklebolt who were no doubt discussing top secret Ministry stuff that Albus had no interest in, past his Dad who was talking to Professor Longbottom, his wife Hannah and Rolf Scamander, past Hugo who was 'being a dear' and helping Aunt Audrey trying to keep Lorcan and Lysander under control. Past the whole lot of them and no one even noticed him leaving. He reached the back door and went out into the refreshingly cool yard and he made his way to the garden. There was the smell of pollen in the air and a couple of gnomes spotted him and ran away. He sank down on the bench (a memorial to his Uncle Fred who died at the Battle of Hogwarts) and put his head in his hands and released a very long sigh. This had got to be the worst party that he had been to. It would have been bearable if he had Scorpius at his side. Everything was bearable with Scorpius. The two of them would probably be cracking jokes in the corner, or most likely Scorpius would be hovering around Rose gushing about how great she was. The mere thought of that made him even more angrier and more bitter than ever before. It was lucky that Scorpius was on holiday with his Father then. He doubted that anyone would notice him out in the garden. They didn't notice him in the Living Room so he doubted that his absence would be noted upon. They were all too busy orbiting around the greatness of Little Miss Perfect Prefect. He didn't need a cloak to be invisible. It seemed as if he were born that way. Albus Invisible Potter: The unwanted spare who everyone ignored. The early evening air was quite cooling on Albus's face as he watched the sun start to set. It was a relief to get away from the noisy, stuffy Living Room. If he was quite honest with himself, he never expected to receive a Prefect's Badge himself. He never did that well in School and he was sure that he would've been a rubbish Prefect. No, what did bother him was that it was another reminder of how perfect Rose was compared to himself. She spent the evening basking in all the glory from all their proud Aunts, Uncles and Cousins whilst Albus sat hunched in the corner completely ignored, his insides burning with jealousy. His stomach rumbled. He had spent the evening in such a foul mood that he didn't bother getting anything to eat. His Gran was rushing about making sure that everyone had something to eat but she kept getting distracted by all the guests arriving so she never got to Albus. Albus heard the back door open and someone make their way across the yard. He didn't bother looking around. It was probably Grandad sneaking off to his shed whilst Gran was busy rushing around. He doubted they would notice him. He sank lower in his seat when they spoke. "Albus, are you alright out here?" It was his Dad. Albus turned round and saw that Harry was looking rather hot and quite tired. "Oh. Hi Dad," Albus said in a small voice. "Don't mind me." Harry sat down next to him with a groan. "It's quite hot in there, isn't it?" Harry said, taking off his glasses and wiping them. "I've only just gotten away from Neville, Hannah and Rolf. Are you alright? I've been trying to sit with you this evening but everyone kept wanting to catch up. " "I'm fine," Albus lied, instantly regretting it. He can't keep bottling these things up. His Mum told him that he should be more honest with his Dad. He didn't want to let her down. He didn't want to let his Dad down. He kept his eyes focused on a pair of Gnomes that were trying to get through a hole in the fence and was trying to work up the courage to tell his Dad what was on his mind. He saw in the corner of his eye, Harry shift uncomfortably in his seat. "I saw you sitting all on your own this evening," Harry said tentatively. "You didn't look very happy to be honest." Albus bit back the retort that he so desperately wanted to shout out. He had had a really good summer so far. He wasn't going to let Little Miss Perfect and her Prefect Badge wipe out the progress he made in repairing his relationship with his Dad. "Everyone was crowding around Rose and it was really noisy," Albus said choosing his words carefully. "And the red and gold was driving me crazy. It's funny. All that fuss over a Prefect's Badge." He was certain that the last bit came out bitter and his Dad's reaction confirmed it. "Is that's what has been bothering you tonight?" Harry asked slowly with a understanding look in his eyes. "Rose's Prefect Badge?" "Well yeah. No. Sort of ," Albus mentally kicked himself. Why couldn't he just articulate what was bothering him for once? "It's just…" He paused trying to find the right words. He was very glad that Harry didn't interrupt him. "Everyone's going on about how perfect Rose is and how proud they are of her, and compared to her, I feel so useless, Dad. I mean people always expect so much of me and I keep letting them down." He stared bitterly at the ground, anger coursing through his veins. He felt his Dad place a hand on his shoulder and fought the urge to shake it off. No: He wasn't going to go back to the way things were. "Albus, please just for once, listen to me." Harry's voice was calm, but Albus heard the note of desperation in it. "You've got nothing to prove to no one. It's just a badge, Albus. It's just a stupid badge with the letter P on it. It doesn't make you any more, or any less of a person." "It's just, the way Uncle Ron was going on about it tonight, it was like Rose was elected the Minister for Magic." Albus said incredulously. "I know what you mean," Harry nodded. "Don't tell anyone else, but your Mum and I both agreed that it was overkill. But I went through this when I was your age. I wasn't a Prefect and it certainly doesn't matter to me if you, James and Lily aren't Prefects either. Your Mum and I just want you lot to be happy." Albus's head jerked up. "Really?" He asked, flabbergasted. "Harry Potter not a Prefect? I thought all the Teachers loved you!" "That's not strictly true," Harry grumbled, taking his hand off Albus's shoulder. "One or two took a dislike towards me. But yeah, I wasn't chosen as a Prefect. Your Uncle Ron beat me to it. I caused too much trouble." Despite himself, Albus found himself grinning. It felt like very hard work. All the muscles in his mouth felt very stiff, but he was doing it and he was grinning at his Dad. "Like flying a Car to Hogwarts?" He smirked, echoing the almost mythical tale that he had heard since he was very small. "That was one of many things," Harry sighed. "I didn't have much of a choice." "I know. You didn't volunteer for adventure. You were forced into all of that," Albus said, echoing his Dads words from last year. "But you'd think that you'd be given the Badge as a sign of confidence in you. I mean, that's what I'd have done." Harry smiled at his son, clearly touched by his words. "Dumbledore thought that I had too much on my plate," He said. "And he was right. Fifth Year's an important year." "I know," Albus sighed. "OWL Year. Great. Another thing for me to fail at." Harry was quiet for a moment as Albus sat brooding. "There's something else that's bothering you. Isn't there, Albus?" Harry said slowly. Albus paused. He had come this far without anything going wrong and he had spent the summer opening up to his Dad, so he supposed that this would be his first real test to see how far he had really come. "Yeah," He said shortly. "There is. I saw you congratulating Rose and I heard you tell her that you were proud of her and…" He broke off as tears welled up in his eyes. It was stupid, really. He shouldn't let this affect him.