This took me a while to write because I wanted to get Dumbledore's characterisation right. Harry Potter belongs to J.K Rowling The corridors of Hogwarts were bathed in Autumn sunshine as two Fifth Year boys walked along. The taller of the two held a hand to his right cheek. "I can't believe she did that!" Exclaimed Scorpius Malfoy. "She slapped me. Rose Granger-Weasley slapped me. What a woman !" "I told you that she would say no again." Albus Potter said, chuckling at his best friend's awestruck expression. "I had everything planned out." Scorpius was saying. "I approached her with the cunning of a Slytherin and BOOM!" He threw his left arm out, almost knocking Albus over. "Right in the kisser!" "Actually, it was more of a dull thud," Albus grinned. "And you shouldn't have snuck up on her like that." He added flatly. "Life is full of surprises, my friend," Scorpius said wisely. "And talking of surprises, Rose dished out the biggest one since I found that Pepper Imp flavour bean. She was as fast as a Lioness, as fierce as a Dragon, as powerful as a Manticore! I mean, she slapped me!" "I know. It was quite loud." Albus said, trying to stop himself from laughing. "Well, it did hurt. It was nothing compared to the Cruciatus Curse but it does sting a bit." Albus stopped dead and Scorpius continued to walk on before realising Albus had stopped walking. "We can take you up to the Hospital Wing if your cheek's hurting." Albus said worriedly as he caught up to Scorpius. "Rose packs quite a punch. One time, she left my Uncle Ron with a dead arm for a week." Scorpius gave him a small smile, clearly grateful for his friends concern. "Oh, don't worry about that." He said happily. "Consider it a to be a heroic battle scar in my eternal quest for Rose's heart. It's no Lightning Scar but one day, my friend, I will persuade her and we will build our Palace! Our Palace of Love !" "You really are delusional," Albus said, rolling his eyes. "You know that, right?" Scorpius laughed and removed his hand from his cheek to reveal a painfully red mark with a pale hand print in the middle. Albus couldn't help it: He roared with laughter at the sight of the mark. Scorpius frowned at him questioningly and Albus had to take several deep breath to calm down. "She's left a mark on your cheek." He gasped, trying not to laugh again. Scorpius checked his reflection in a shiny suit of armour. "Wow oh wee !" He exclaimed squeakily. "What a mark! To think, this is where her hand touched my face. I shall never wash this cheek again!" "You won't be saying that after Herbology tomorrow." Albus laughed as they continued walking, Scorpius still gushing about Rose. Scorpius was still gloating about his ' heroic battle scar ' and going on about Rose when they reached the Charms corridor and as much as Albus loved hearing him talk, it was getting a little tiresome and he was fed up hearing Scorpius going on about Rose. "Well if it hurts you this much, I could always kiss it better." Albus said irritably. Scorpius stopped dead this time and his face went bright red, save for his slapped cheek. Albus felt his face heat up as well. Why did he have to say that out loud? Before Scorpius could reply, a couple of voices were heard around the corner and one of them belonged to Rose. They both wheeled round and Scorpius's face lit up at the sound of her voice. Although his cheeks were still slightly pink whilst Albus was still blushing furiously. "Be still my beating heart, my flower approaches!" Scorpius exclaimed, desperately trying to smooth his robes down. He fiddled with his sleeves for a moment before deciding to roll them up. "How do I look?" He asked Albus. "Like a huge, nerd." Albus grinned. "Come on, let's get out of here before she breaks your jaw this time. She was probably mad because you out geeked her in Potions the other day." He tried to tug Scorpius away but Scorpius was bouncing on the balls of his feet, desperately trying to catch a glimpse of Rose. "She's coming round the corner!" He squeaked frantically. Albus looked around the corridor. The Charms classroom was too far away. Rose would see them and then Scorpius would make a fool of himself again and maybe end up in the Hospital Wing. There was a door to his right. He quickly rushed over there and tried it. It was locked. He employed some of his Dads choicest swear words and whipped his wand out. Desperately hoping that it would work, he pointed it at the lock. " Alohamora " The lock clicked and Albus, hardly believing his luck pushed the door open to reveal a small classroom where all the desks were pushed up against the wall. "Scorpius!" He hissed, stowing away his wand. "In here!" Scorpius turned on the spot staring at the classroom and then at the corner where Rose was approaching. "And miss my chance to impress Rose?" He scoffed. "No way, José!" "You are not humiliating yourself, again." Albus growled. "Get in here, now!" He seized Scorpius by the shoulders and pushed him into the classroom where he fell flat on his face, sprawled out in a heap of black robes. They were just in time as Rose and Yann Fredericks walked past, chatting about Quidditch and oblivious to anyone else. Scorpius bounced to his feet as Albus watched Rose's bushy red hair go out of sight. Albus sighed in relief. " That was a close one." He exhaled. "Look, Scorpius. Sorry I threw you in here like that. I just didn't want you to make a fool of yourself in front of Rose again. Knowing my cousin, she would probably knock you out for a week. Or knock you into next week, actually." Scorpius, however didn't seem to be listening. He was staring at a long portrait of a Medieval countryside where a couple of old women seemed to be knitting. Sitting in an old wooden chair, was a man who looked very familiar to Albus. He was tall and thin with a long silver beard and moustache. His half-moon spectacles were perched on his crooked nose and he was snoring gently. Albus didn't need the poke in the ribs or the excited squeak from Scorpius to know who that was. He had grown up knowing that face having seen it in books and on Chocolate Frog Cards. It was quite difficult to forget the face of the man who you were named after. "By Dumbledore!" Scorpius exclaimed excitedly. "It's Dumbledore !" Albus Dumbledore opened his bright blue eyes and focused them on Scorpius who seemed to be quivering with excitement. "Forgive an old mans need for sleep," Dumbledore yawned. "I've always loved the countryside and have always enjoyed knitting, although hobbies are always the first casualty when it comes to duty." The old women tittered and sidled out of the portrait as Scorpius immediately launched into asking Dumbledore a number of questions about his life, his achievements and what Hogwarts was like during his time as a student. "My dear boy, you ask a mere portrait such probing questions." Dumbledore chuckled as Scorpius stopped to draw breath. "I'm only paint and memory, you know." He peered at Scorpius over his spectacles. "You must be Scorpius Malfoy." Scorpius nodded enthusiastically, bouncing on the balls of his feet, utterly mesmerised by Dumbledore. "I've heard all about your little adventure with the Time-Turner." Dumbledore said. "Mysterious thing, Time. Powerful. And when meddled with, very dangerous." Scorpius seemed to deflate at Dumbledore's words. He shifted his feet guiltily and started to fiddle with his jumper. "Well, I've never been much of a fan of Time-Turners," He said. His voice was high pitched which was normal whenever he was nervous. "And in our defence, we didn't know that Cedric Diggory was so important to established events and we never, ever , meant to resurrect Voldemort in that timeline. I mean it was complete hell ! I wouldn't have gotten out if it weren't for Snape and-" "You misunderstand me." Dumbledore said calmly, cutting off Scorpius's babbling. "I'm not here to chastise you. I daresay that you have been chastised enough, already." His blue eyes seemed to twinkle in the portrait. Albus didn't know whether it was a trick of the light or not. "Yes, Time is such a complex branch of Magic," Dumbledore continued. "Our actions have such profound consequences and even the smallest of changes, can affect the outcome of events. You did well to have escaped that timeline where Voldemort was all powerful. Your intelligence and resourcefulness rivals that of many grown Wizards." Scorpius's cheeks went pink at Dumbledore's words. He straightened up, a smug little smile flitting across his face. "It's nice to see my geekiness is appreciated." He said smugly. Dumbledore smiled appraisingly at him while Albus rolled his eyes and snorted. Dumbledore heard the snort and looked at Albus. "You must be- Ah !" Dumbledore's eyes widened when he saw Albus. "I'm no one important." Albus muttered looking away from those blue eyes that seemed to be looking into his very soul. He didn't want Dumbledore to know how much of a disappointment he was. "No you're not, you silly Billy!" Scorpius cried indignantly. "Professor Dumbledore, this is my best mate and your namesake, Albus Severus Potter!" Affection for his best friend bubbled up in Albus's stomach as Scorpius put an arm around Albus's shoulders. Albus returned the favour and grinned sheepishly up at Dumbledore whose face was unreadable. "You look so much like your Father." he said after a moments pause. His voice was quiet and impassive but Albus swore that he heard it shake a little. "Yeah. That's what everyone says." Albus said quietly, unwrapping his arm from Scorpius who withdrew his arm from Albus's shoulders. "You mistake me, Albus," Dumbledore said politely. "I wasn't comparing you to your Father, I was merely noting about how much you look like him. You are, after all your own man of course." Dumbledore's eyes seemed to twinkle again and Albus felt a rush of respect for the old man; No one outside of his family besides Scorpius had ever acknowledged the possibility that there was more to him then being the son of Harry Potter. "People always see me as Harry Potter's Son." Albus said casually. "The disappointing one." "I've always told you not to listen to them." Scorpius said reproachfully. "Scorpius is right," nodded Dumbledore. "The expectations of others are meaningless when it comes to living your own life in the manner of your choosing, Albus. I know that the weight of a Fathers' shadow is heavy enough. But you must not let it crush you." "I already told Dad that I'm going into Pigeon Racing." Albus grinned causing Scorpius to laugh and Dumbledore to chuckle. "It'll probably be the only thing I'd be good at." He added bitterly. "You're good at lots of things." Scorpius said quietly. Albus snorted disbelievingly. "You are!" Scorpius cried. "You just lack confidence! Professor Dumbledore, Albus is the best in our year at Potions and Defence Against The Dark Arts! He's brilliant at Charms, he's really good with his hands so he great at Herbology and Care of Magical Creatures and when no one's watching, he can fly much better then people think. He's a better flier then most of the players on the House Quidditch teams. He just thinks he's going to fail all the time!" "Thanks, mate." Albus said gratefully, a smile creeping on his face. "Let us not forget how you helped bring Lord Voldemort's daughter to justice." Said Dumbledore. "A feat that not many Wizards your age would be able to accomplish." Albus smiled