SM owns all that is Twilight. No infringement is intended on her domain. The below are my TWEETS as they were tweeted and not beta'ed. This twitter story was started on November 17, 2012 by me and all story content is of my own creation. * mean = start and ends (internal thought or actions) " mean =person other than myself talking (I named or described them within the "*" marks) *My heel turned on the pavement with a certain sense of confidence behind the action. A new place meant new possibilities and I was ready for it. My swift pace was adjusted to a more believable one as a group of humans approached. They peaked my thirst but I wasn't in the mood for a huge ruckus of a meal, one on one was the goal tonight. My heels clicked on past the group and I heard one of them break free and start following behind me. A slow smirk took its place on my lips and I slowed to allow him to catch up with me.* Hey there… I was sometimes astonished at how long I could go without speaking or making a sound. Who was there to talk to anyway? Drifting from place to place afforded me the luxury of not having to relay my thoughts or feelings on any matter. What was the point of doing so, they'd be dead within a few moments of meeting me anyway. And the braver ones, the ones that dared approach me and try to bring up a spark of similar interests that they'd wish to bloom into a meaningful conversation? Sadly, there were few of them and these days the ones with enough courage to do that were too poorly educated or informed to perk up my interests and respond to them. Solitude. This was my eternal punishment. Would the bonfire have been a better choice, would #Maria take a liking to seeing my return only for me to launch myself into the flames for her amusements? I snorted at the thought. She'd lost more than I did, those that she called friends perished at her hands The one she took comfort in had left for a so called better existence. And the masses that were created that live to serve her had scattered on the wind like ash or wandered the earth like me trying to find their place. I had no place and I refused to sentence another soul to this existence. Solitude isn't easy or fair and to the weak minded, deadly.* *I preferred busy cities when the weather turned cold, there were always people about and it settled me being around them. Being all bundled up in a newly acquired coat and similar vestments to blend in, not many took notice of my presence. The instilled instinct to avoid danger kept many at bay anyway so I didn't need to exert all that much effort in my outward appearance. I strolled around, up and down the blocks window shopping, grinning at the displays that sparked some sense of pleasure within me. There was very little these days that could stir any emotion in me, this was tragic, on every perceivable level.* *The dimming sun on the far western horizon marked the start of my day out of doors. Tonight I dressed up a little, I wanted interaction and that's exactly what I was going to get. I stepped outside and took a deep breath to get a hint of what was happening out of my immediate visual range. Burnt oil was a broken down car, a hint of smoke could have meant that there was a wood fire burning in a stove in a nearby home or far off in the distance there was a forest fire burning that didn't merit a mention on the news. Another breath, ah there it was, the artificial scent of musk and flowers, exactly what I was seeking. I turned my heel and was off at a medium human's pace tracking the humans with the scent. The small pack of them turned a corner and went up a few steps into a nightclub and I easily kept up and slipped in behind them. A challenging look from the door man in my direction was replied to with a wink. Pretty girls always got in, and women such as myself that were pristine were handed complimentary drink vouchers and asked to return at our pleasure.* Thanks, these are very appreciated. *Snatching the little stubs, I tucked them into my purse that was slung around my shoulder. I had a little collection of them going in there and should I have ever used them I'd have half of the place tanked. I stepped into the jungle of lights and slow swaying bodies to find a place off to the side to quietly watch and see who I could find a bit of entertainment with. Thought the etched lenses I wore I could see the more confidant lone women veering for their place at the bar and the more gutsy men that wanted them behind them. Those were the ones that wanted a quick little roll between the sheets, although the women would never admit to it you knew they were only wanting to feed their ego's and damp pussies. Next group of women were hovering in their 'safe' groups between the bar and the dance floor talking among themselves, occasionally glancing over to the similar groups of men in the same formation. Those groups were looking for a more meaningful kind of companionship, long term, and not what I was seeking. Looking past them, I spotted the secondary grouping of men, the ones that were sitting at the elevated tables and tables nursing their drinks and presumably talking about sports or their jobs or other matters to justify their need for the consumption of alcohol. Those were the ones I was after tonight.* *When on a hunt, any hunt, patience is what ultimately gets your prey. A lion that prematurely runs into a herd gets nothing for its efforts most of the time, but one that watches and notes which amongst them is weak, succeeds. I had spent the better part of the hour watching a few tables with exclusively men. From my place high upon a chair at an equally high table off to the side observed several women attempt and fail to get their attentions. If it wasn't for the waitress drifting by my table my presence, would have gone completely unnoticed due to a humans natural instinct to avoid danger. "I'm your server tonight, what can I bring you?" Clearly the girl was well weathered to ignore her own safety to get her job done.* Bring me a glass of water. *I said and saw her instant displeasure at the prospect of not making any money off of me.* But see the guy over at that table, the one in the burgundy shirt? *She turned to observe where I was indicating.* Bring him and his friends a round of drinks. *She was pleased at the order. I pulled a fifty dollar bill and several of my free drink stubs from my purse.* This money is for you, the stubs are for the drinks. *She gave me a wink in comprehending the task at which I had assigned to her. I watched her walk past the table not stopping but observing what they were drinking and coming back a few moments later with a tray full of beverages. I hear her tell them all who was their generous benefactor, pointedly telling the man in the burgundy that he should come thank me. She left the table and served me my drink at which time I gave her her tip. "Not many women have the balls to make the first move ya know." I nodded and let her go off to tend her other customers. I purposefully let my attentions wander away from my mark for a few moments as I spun my glass upon its pressed paper coaster, rubbing the little drops between my thumb and forefinger when I noticed from the corner of my eye the man in burgundy rise from his place. His friends cheered him on as he started making his way. I lifted my eyes to watch him walking to me when he stopped at the same time as I felt a hand on my shoulder and the hairs at the back of my neck rise. The alarm I felt was mirrored in his look and he took a step back and turned away. The hand on me grounded me in place, I dared not run or turn to fight.* Friend or foe? *I whispered as I kept my fingers on the cool glass in my hand. I could have made a scene, turned and sprayed the contents of the glass on him and stormed out of the place to safety. "I'm a lover not a fighter." Came his reply with a thick accent. Certainly not a local whose territory I inadvertently wandered in to.* So then, what do you want? "Come outside with me." It wasn't an invitation that I was given the option of declining and rather arrogant on his part.* "I'm sure we can discuss whatever it is in here where I know you won't try something rash? *His hand on my shoulder squeezed it softly and I felt his breath close to my ear feeling that he had stepped in closer into my personal space to speak. "I can assure you madam that no harm will come to you but what I wish to say is best not heard in this company." I took a look around, not even the man in the burgundy shirt was watching, his sense of preservation had quickly overwritten that one of I had worked so hard to inspire.* You know I don't like it when I'm interrupted, *I gave a sidewards glance to the man behind me, turning my head slightly.* So I hope this is important enough for my attention. *I felt his hand slide from off my shoulder and being held out for me to take it; I disembarked from the stool I was sitting on. I forwent the thanking of him for his assistance and allowed him to lead me out of the place. The path cleared as we passed though, many had gathered outside waiting to get in since I had arrived not too long ago and I debated noting this for future use not knowing if I was indeed going to be having one. The still stranger held my fingertips lightly as we made our way over the cracked pavement, through an intersection and down a little ways to an open park area. I knew the area well enough but kept my eyes open and it was a good thing I did when I noticed a petite blond girl on the play swings with a boy beside her, just watching her, and an well over sized man sitting at the nearby bench with his elbows resting on his knees observing them both. The scene was not completely out of place other than the only sound that I heard was that of the rubbing metal links of the swing as it swayed.* Am I being ambushed? *I turned to look at my escort, who just then had released the few fingers that he had a hold of, taking in his features and attire completely. He was well dressed for our kind, a bit too well so I deduced that if he was a nomad like myself that he was well adjusted, or he was part of a coven that had pooled its resources.* If that's so I'd to know the reason why. "I told you she was in there." The man on the bench boasted.* Alleyways and dark passages are where scavengers go, *I refrained from using the word 'hunt' as