This was written for my friend of several years. Their friendship will stay with me for years to come and it will never be forgotten. I wanna hide the truth I wanna shelter you But with the beast inside There's nowhere we can hide Eyes flick upwards almost as if they were tired but it wasn't the case. Long fingers tapped upon the solid wooden armrest silently before an index finger was raised and it motioned to dismiss those before him. "Not one brother? Not even one to amuse you with her crimson?" There was a scoff of disgust in reply. "Last thing I'd wish for was a lynch mob that we'd need massacre to demonstrate our superiority." There was a pause before the last of the maidens left the room. "She's not here brother, the prophecy was wrong. If that hag was still alive I'd end her for her this deceit." He rose from his place. "I'll be back before dawn." Quick steps though the several aids that remained, parted for their lord and master; disappointment etched in their features. They too had hoped that the legend was in fact true and the century of waiting would come to an end. Passing through several passageways brought him out to a garden of strewn darkened stones that were as ancient as him; though he didn't look a day over thirty, they were all well weathered. Several more quick steps found him in the open countryside and to his place of reflection, away from the prying eyes and ears of the castle. He found his place on top of a stone that hadn't moved in centuries as far as he could recall and crouched down on it. It may have been part of a very large boulder or ancient mountain range that had long since been eroded away or covered by dirt but there it was; it grounded him. He let his features of authority and superiority transition to what was buried deep within him, disappointment. He kept his voice low and unassuming. "Prophecy. What were you thinking Vladimir?" He would spend several hours like this, doubting the reason for his continued search. There was a disturbance in the distance, his eyes traced down the country road in the distance to the three figures riding on horseback. They were travelers from afar, they weren't familiar to him and he knew all in his region. Travelers were not, in the understanding he and his brother had with the town that surrounded their home, under their protection or more clearly, fair game. He listened, they were arguing and from what he could immediately surmise, his home was their destination. "She's being selfish mother. What kind of man would marry a complete stranger, I'll tell you, a desperate one." "Shhh they will hear you and we will be turned away with not so much as an audience." Sobs from the third one were heard. "Oh wonderful, now she'll be all puffy and blame me for it. Wake up and forget this fantasy and go find a real man and be happy." "Stop upsetting your sister Jacqueline." "If father were still alive he'd have put a stop to this lunacy before we'd left, dammit, we'd still be home. But no, here I am on this stinking horse, in the middle of nowhere, freezing, on the idle hope some mythical creature, that has lived for ever it seems, takes a fancy to my ridiculous and childish sister." More sobs. He was amused at the human's cruelty towards her sister. The humans he witnessed in his presence always tried to keep a dignified composure around him, never so much as raise their voices and seeing this uninhibited display was entertaining. "I told you to keep quiet child." The hoses were stopped. He rose to his feet to take a few steps to the side of the stone to see where they were being hidden behind a tree. The moon was half full and despite the great distance still between him and the riders, his keen eye caught sight of them. "I'll tell you this daughters, before your fathers passing he revealed a great secret to me that must never leave your lips because the others of their kind would seek to destroy you." His ears honed in; secrets after all could bring down kingdoms, even human ones. The horses sensed the nearby threat of him and were uneasy. The women quieted them down and they complied. "Your father was of the bloodline, of the family that his deceased Queen came. Generation after generation of your relatives have come to be considered, but were turned away. I'd have not bothered myself but then there was talk of a prophecy and according to it, it's nearly time for the reemergence of her, the image of her. The odds are with us and I'd regret it to my last breath if I didn't even try to fulfill the wishes of your father." "That's ridiculous mother, father would not have allowed this. I'll have no part in being presented, besides, I'm too old, thank God." The mother sounded more exasperated than when he first heard her. They would be seeking an audience with him shortly, and he'd know this about them, their heritage. This wasn't any different from the others that have approached him. His fallen queen had many descendants, some he had even feasted on that insisted and demanded their place at his side. The queen's relatives were getting harder to come by as the decades passed. The blood lines themselves were being diluted by the humans moving away and breeding with others from other lands. The winds that were keeping away until now started to move in. He was up wind from them and he first caught the scent of the horses; they were foul smelling creatures he never cared for. He picked out their human scents and committed them to memory for later on. "I'd be glad to take myself home mother so you can go without me and not worry about me making a scene." There was a hint of deviousness in her voice, it almost sounded like a threat; he grinned at the clever girl. "I will not allow you to go off in the dead of night child now come on and let's go find an Inn." The one called Jacqueline turned towards him, in his direction, and pushed away the windswept hair from her face. "Illeana" The name fell from his lips so easily. He had sworn to never speak it again for fear he'd relive the day she was taken from him by his enemies, his Queen. This image, the face of traveler, held his gaze. "Can we go now mother, I'm freezing my tits off." "Child please, if not for your own dignity then think of your sister." "I hope I don't have to kill someone to get a decent meal at this hour, I'm starved. Why didn't come by car anyway?" The horses were signaled to start moving again on the uneven path. The mother grumbled at her headstrong daughter. They would reach the town shortly and their way was safe from the typical rift raft that tended to prey on travelers. His feet were not made of stone but at that moment they felt of it the moment he cast his eyes on her; they were now fixed in place. If he were human he'd suspect that he had seen a ghost but his vision was perfect as was his state of mind. The frail outline of the human he saw was true image of his lost love, his brother would attest to it as well when he saw her. She'd be in his audience in less than a day, her sister anyways, in the next batch for his review. He'd invite her to stay but he knew her mind was already set against him by the tone of her voice and her clear opinion of what was happening. A soft hiss passed over his lips. He'd need to appeal to her womanly desires; woo and court her if he must. Never had he felt a sense of urgency in the last century as he did in that moment. For all his cunning and intelligence this was the one task that couldn't be taken lightly nor could he fail. He had purpose now. His feet released him from that place to usher him back to his home in several bounds. He'd speak to no one about his discovery that night. Him and his brother were in their seats, his fingers tapping once again on the armrest, this time impatiently. There was a chance that her mother would deem her unworthy of attending but seeing as she'd wished to be done with this… no she'd keep her near. "You seem preoccupied brother. Should we send them away without bothering so you can get on with your moping about?" Stefan's voice was low, not even the few of their kind that were present could hear. "Let us proceed with it then." The last twenty four hours he'd played out every scenario that could happen but deep down he knew it was for not. Her aptitude, as pleasing as it was to witness it with her mother, was regal but in his presence should it crumble in fear of him it would take much to fix. He kept his gaze lowered as the women proceeded in and stood where they were instructed to. Their families stood quietly behind them a little distance away. He quickly caught sight of the young sister, she had been cleaned within an inch of her life; her skin nearly scrubbed raw and her hair meticulously styled. Behind her was her mother, a woman hardened over the years and by the loss of her husband. There standing behind her was his prize. His gaze albeit fast gathered in her full appearance. He heard his brother give a small 'oh', when he saw her. The corner of his lip twitched up just a bit and unseen by all those present, now was the time. His brother started speaking to the small gathering, "Thank you all for taking the time and coming." not even bothering to rise from his place. Vladimir looked up at the women, many of them were already trembling at the sight of his crimson gaze; the rest followed suit when he stood to adjusted his jacket and approached them. They didn't need to fear him, they were safe from his blood lust; he saw to it earlier that day, not that he'd take any of them in this setting. He didn't exercise the use of his speed in this instance as he approached them; no need to send them running for the door, he attempted to be as welcoming as he could. Starting at one end of the line, as if he were inspecting a regiment of soldiers, he slowly paced down it. The sounds of disappointment as each maiden was passed were heard by all in the room. Hundreds had come before them, a life of security was not only being offered to the one, but her family as well for generations to come. Breaths were being held and released in anticipation as the sound of each of his paces was heard until he stopped in front of the sister of whom he sought. Up close he noticed how truly young she was; it explained the sobbing he heard from her the night before. Why she thought she'd be desirably to him he didn't care to know; he didn't want a child. His shoulders turned towards her and her eyes widened. She was brave to look him directly, her mother must have instructed her to show no fear but there were other signs that he picked up on that gave her away. He leaned in to her, inches from her shoulder that was covered in a