||...…Brief Author's Note…...|| So. Another Tom Riddle and Hermione Granger pairing. Well, as much as I am a fan, I have become frustrated lately. I hate to think of Hermione as a blushing fool who allows herself to "fall in love" with a ruthless boy whom she knows is capable of mass murder. I doubt she would even call it "love" whatever she feels, if she feels anything at all. This story is just an attempt to scratch an itch, which is to say, I am trying to satisfy my obsession with the possibility of two such unlikely characters feeling any sort of attraction at all. Many well-written stories have made Hermione and Tom fight on familiar battlegrounds: both characters are fiercely intelligent and competitive; there is also the irresistible attraction of her secret (whether of the future or something else) and his imperious good looks; the influence of a good nature on Tom's violent ambitions; and last but not least, the teeny tiny awkward complication (usually glossed over) that Tom hates muggle-borns and muggles whilst Hermione, the passionate founder of S.P.E.W, is, well, a muggle-born witch herself. In my humble opinion, people don't change that easily. No time travel. Set in the 1940s. It's like an AU where Hermione is in the same year at Hogwarts as Tom Riddle, James Potter, Sirius Black and Remus Lupin. Other characters include: Draco Malfoy, his older brother Abraxas Malfoy (yes, I know) and well, some others that I may introduce as I go along. Basically, I have taken great liberty with the characters and their time frames, just for fun. The Limits of Power by piquant-eye Grindelwald seen roaming Scottish Isles , ran the headlines on the front page of The Daily Prophet. The mood in the Great Hall was sombre. Apart from the quiet clicks of forks and spoons on their breakfast plates, most were not talking. The head table was nearly empty, with only Professor Slughorn and Professor Northwood chatting quietly. Headmaster Dippet and Professor Dumbledore were notably absent. Hermione looked up from her bowl of Ingleberries when she heard an audible chuckle from the Slytherin table. It was Riddle, of course. Well, actually to be fair, the culprit was one of his usually sullen cronies, who were always accompanying him. He himself was sitting with his back admirably straight, legs crossed at the knee, reading a thick leather-bound book, pausing to hold a cup of tea to his lips. James interrupted her thoughts in his usual way: "Hermione, I was thinking…" "Yes?" He looked a bit sheepish as he ran one of his large hands through his sandy hair (with the result that it was more dishevelled than before, though she knew he knew this). "We have Quidditch this afternoon, I was wondering if-" "Your Transfiguration essay?" Hermione asked simply. "Well, no, actually." Hermione raised an eyebrow, catching the eye of Remus, who just laughed and shook his head. "I was wondering, afterwards, if you would like to go, you know," he swallowed, " out. " "Out where? It's freezing." Amidst her confusion, she heard renewed laughter from Remus and also Sirius, who had just walked over to their table. His barking laughter was unmistakable. In fact, the whole Gryffindor Quidditch team was laughing. James looked even more uncomfortable, though he tried to hide it as he reached out and touched her hair. Then, as the possibility dawned on her, it felt like an unwelcome brush of cold air. "Oh, James. I, uh, actually had plans to go to the lib-" Stunned silence came over the table and he jumped up, "Oh, look, uh, I understand perfectly, uh, don't concern yourself anymore about it." Before she could reply, James had sped away from the table to the doors of the Great Hall. Thinking about it, as she walked to the first class of the day, she felt slightly bad for him. She realised that with all the late evenings she had spent in the Gryffindor common room, helping him write his essays and debating whether there were actual merpeople in the Great Lake, he might have thought she was leading him on. They were friends, so Hermione still felt surprised (in a miss-the-last-step-on-the-stairs sort of way) that he had been thinking otherwise. Her feeling of surprise soured during the day and she felt something more like annoyance as she noticed a very familiar face in the crowd turn abruptly away from her on the second-floor corridor. Why couldn't they just be friends? She supposed that his passionate stance on elf-rights was just a cover, an excuse for her to give him a chance, perhaps an opportunity. Thinking about it further, it was suspicious that he seemed to agree with her on every issue, from the inhumanity of using Dementors to torture Azkaban prisoners to the way students were allowed to experiment on, and kill if only by accident, live Olibrite pixies (sentient, intelligent creatures!). It had all been a farce, she realised, and her annoyance gave way to embarrassment and betrayal. To think that she had allowed herself to believe that he, the boy who fell asleep in History of Magic every single time , was the first person to appreciate what she thought. Feeling bitter and quite alone, not for the first time this year, she found herself in the library during lunch. Sighing, she strode through the bookshelves, stopping briefly to smile and wave to Amelia Goode, a nice girl who shared their dorm room. She passed the section on Harmful Spells and Ways to Deflect Them . There, at the very back behind some bookshelves, was a hidden alcove with a small wooden desk and chair, with a view looking out onto the Quidditch pitch. It was her favourite spot. But today, she noticed the spot was taken, which was highly unusual. There was a bottle of ink and a glossy dark-green quill in a glass stand sitting on the desk already, as well as a pile of three or four voluminous books. Huffing, she decided that this was definitely a very trying day. She turned around and was about to try the opposite end of the library when she found herself face to face with a boy whose shocked face she recognised immediately. "Riddle," she said, nodding her head stiffly in acknowledgement, as she began to walk around him in the narrow space between the bookshelves. She was surprised to find that she was stopped by a hand on her arm. Bewildered, she turned to face him again. "Yes?" she said impatiently, when she realised they had been staring at each other for a few seconds. Riddle shook his head. "I'm just surprised, Granger, that's all." "Enlighten me." "No one knows about this little spot in the library. I come here everyday." "Really? How is that? I come here everyday too and I never see you." He looked as if he didn't believe her. "I come here everyday , Riddle, I don't appreciate you playing games with me." She made to keep walking when he spoke again, in that curiously calm voice he had. "What usually happens during the hours of ten to twelve on Wednesday mornings, then?" She spun around. A moment passed before she realised he was testing her. "I don't know. I'm not here then, am I? I have Herbology. On Sundays at eleven o'clock, however, Madam Pince usually comes along and dusts the shelves, although she always forgets to do this spot." They both looked at the thick layer of grey dust covering the bookshelves. Hermione sighed, trying to hide her impatience. "I don't ever come here during lunch. I'll find another desk." She walked quickly away, her books and parchment floating in the air behind her. The next morning, she walked out of Potions only to almost bump into Riddle standing outside the classroom. Assuming he was waiting for someone, she continued down the corridor. He managed to catch up to her easily, despite the fact that she was striding along at an almost unmatchable pace. "Granger, I have something to ask you." She stopped in surprise. This was the most they had ever talked to one another. "What is it," she said wearily, glancing at a small silver watch. "Do you have somewhere to be?" he asked courteously. "Charms." "That's on the way to Dippet's office. I can walk you there." "Why are you seeing the Headmaster?" He ignored her question. His voice was smooth and quiet: "Listen, I was in the library the other day and heard something … strange. A noise. I was wondering if you'd ever heard or seen something out of place in that part of the library." He looked calm and polite, as he always did, his expression thoughtful and puzzled. His eyes, however, showed that he was curious. Very curious. Hermione reflected briefly that whatever he was curious about, it must be something particularly compelling if he had been willing to waste time by cornering her after Potions and even walking her to Charms. She stared at him and he stared back. Neither of them blinked. She broke her stare and continued to walk, trying to ignore Riddle who was still by her side. "I just want to know if this is something we need to alert a teacher about. Goodness knows, this castle is old and full of hidden things that could turn out to be … unfriendly." They had reached her classroom. "Look, I don't know what you're talking about," Hermione said stiffly. She didn't really know why she disliked Riddle, couldn't quite put her finger on it. He was a popular boy, at least among the Slytherins, who treated him like he was their leader or something like that, and he was liked well enough by the other Houses. She was never in any of his classes as it had long been a rule that Gryffindors and Slytherins never shared classes – "Too risky," Professor Dumbledore had once wisely advised the Headmaster. But she did know that he was rather a teacher's pet. With all the teachers. Then again, they had not really had the opportunity to meet. Why would they? Gryffindors and Slytherins avoided each other when they weren't furiously duelling behind the backs of passing teachers, or, Merlin knows, battling it out on the Quidditch pitch. Most Slytherins, in fact, did not deign to waste time on open hostility. They treated with silent contempt any who were not within their tight pureblood circles. Perhaps she distrusted Riddle because those very Slytherins worshipped him like he was the greatest wizard ever to set foot in Hogwarts. She thought to herself that he may very well be the best wizard , but she was definitely the best witch and, probably, the best student. "I'm sorry, Riddle, I realise I was a bit rude just now. I really have to go." Without waiting for him to reply, she stepped through the door. She hadn't realised she was late until she saw that almost everyone was seated at their desks, except her. There was only one spot left and it was next to James, of all people. At least, he looked as uncomfortable as she was. During the lesson, it became apparent that news of James' rejection had spread fast, somehow, when a rather haughty girl by the name of Claire Dubois 'accidentally' spilt ink all over her parchment. Angry, Hermione said tightly, "Claire, that's an hour's worth of work you just destroyed." Waiting for an apology, Hermione was surprised to look up to see Claire fuming. "Who do you think you are," she replied, rather nastily. At least three other girls were looking at her, including Josephine Tumby. Their stares were quite cold, indifferent. Hermione felt like she had been doused with ice water. "Someone who should be angrier than you are," she replied. "What's the matter with you?" Her pink lips quivering, Claire pointed to James, who tried to bury