ENTRY FOR THE CURVACEOUS AND BODACIOUS BOMBSHELL FIC CONTEST Story Name: "Isabella Bites" Penname: GreenPuma Rating: M for Mature/NC-17 for lemons Genre: AU-AH, Romance/Hurt/Comfort Pairing: Carlisle & Bella Total Word Count (fic only): 9239 Summary: "Isabella Bites" was more than a television show—it was Carlisle's religion—and he worshipped from afar at the altar of its host, chef extraordinaire and Rubenesque goddess of the kitchen Isabella Swan. Author's Note: Extra special thanks to MaBarberElla, my fic wife and Twih00r in crime. She was the one who convinced me to enter this contest. She's another Carlisle/Bella shipper and author of the best CxB ever written, "The Hummer" . Special thanks also to Kiki the Dreamer for illuminating the breed of Carlisle's dog. If not for her, Cujo would probably have been cast as a labradoodle… o/o/o/o/o It was a delicious sleep, the kind that could only be achieved when the day was settling and the breeze swirled a mix of warmth from the sun and coolness from the sea. The hammock upon which Carlisle lazily napped swung gently with his weight, the pages of his forgotten book stirring with the wind. He had missed this tremendously, his cozy home on the water, but work kept him away. But now he had a month—four glorious weeks!—to unwind and enjoy his peaceful home. It was Cujo's faraway bark that roused him—far away, not as in faint through the haze of Carlisle's dream—far away, as in no longer in the vicinity of his master. He woke himself more fully as he realized that his dog must have wandered off of his land. When not terrorizing sand crabs or chasing gophers through their holes, the feisty beagle liked helping himself to the vegetables in Mrs. McCarty's garden. Mrs. McCarty. Carlisle did not relish the thought of knocking on her door, though if Cujo had misbehaved, presenting himself to apologize would be the only decent thing to do. There was nothing decent about Mrs. McCarty—not the revealing clothes she wore in Carlisle's presence, and especially not her repeated propositions. The woman was married, a fact of which Carlisle had reminded her many, many times. And he had no wish to run-in with her husband, Emmett, so he kept his distance whenever he could. Slipping on his leather sandals, he placed his book on the porch's edge, next to a half a bottle of beer that had long gone warm. He pocketed his sunglasses as he set his lips just so for a long, loud whistle for his dog. The houses here were far apart, though close enough that he might see Cujo's movement in Mrs. McCarty's garden. He looked left, scanning the near corner of his neighbor's yard, surprised when a familiar answering bark came from the right. He blinked in slight disbelief, not knowing how he hadn't seen it that morning. Lawn furniture and other signs of life now graced the adjoining yard. The house must have sold while he was away. His new neighbor had arrived. The house next door had been vacant for quite some time. It was prime waterfront real estate, but with the economy what it was and many of the homeowners who bought in Longport using their properties as second homes, it was of little surprise that such a lovely (and expensive) house would sit awhile on the market. Making his way down his back steps, he followed Cujo's bark, ducking through some hedges along the property line that afforded each home a bit of privacy. A woman whose face was obscured by a wide-brimmed sun hat and wavy brown hair sat sideways on a long pool chaise, facing his dog. She was scratching his scruff and serving him morsels from her own impressively-appointed plate. The little beagle's tail wagged happily behind him. Cujo barked again, before relieving the woman of what looked like a succulent cube of beef. She looked up, but before Carlisle could thank her for her grace in sharing her dinner with Cujo, he froze. The sheepish smile belonged to Isabella Swan! o/o/o/o/o "Isabella Bites" was more than a television show—it was Carlisle's religion—and he worshipped at the altar of its host, chef extraordinaire and goddess of the kitchen Isabella Swan. Though he traveled days at a time for work, he found solace from an emotionally taxing job through perfecting the art of cooking. He braised; he flambéd; he fricasseed. He paired his creations with fantastic wines. With him every step of the way was "Isabella Bites". He found tremendous enjoyment in preparing the recipes from the show, and truly idolized its host. Isabella was everything a woman should be—all confidence and curves and a true classic beauty to boot. He had often admired her generous proportions and everything that perfected them—those vibrant eyes, that gentle voice, and her mane of thick, dark hair. She was the type of woman whom he compared other women to, the kind of woman who spoiled a man from ever wanting to settle for less. The lady herself was as much a work of art as the confections she baked. She was exquisitely Rubenesque. "In my defense, he's got some of the best puppydog eyes I've ever seen," she quipped somewhat nervously, a gorgeous blush staining her cheeks. "I hope you don't mind that I fed him." Already, Carlisle felt smitten. "Cujo is shameless," he remarked finally, his voice edged with wonder. "His begging left you with little choice." She laughed, and it was music, its true melody amplified far beyond what could be heard on TV. It tickled him, prompting a sudden and genuine smile that felt fantastic to let show. Joking and lightness had little place in his everyday. "Cujo? Really?" She bit the corner of her lip to conceal what seemed like extreme mirth. The tiny gesture charmed him beyond reason. "You didn't know him as a puppy," he murmured, fully taken with the beauty before him and astonished by how easily they'd begun to converse. "Well, he seems like a sweet little thing now," she said, refocusing, for a moment, on petting him lovingly. As her skilled fingers tousled the canine's fur, Carlisle felt more than a little jealous. "In any case, please let me know whether his begging ever becomes a bother," he recovered. "He enjoys food nearly as much as his master." A brief silence fell upon them, though it was not altogether uncomfortable. She blushed slightly, but continued smiling, holding her gaze upon him as he greedily drank in her face. He marveled at her faint sprinkling of freckles, the way the sun lightened the ends of her hair, and the familiarity of her espresso eyes. "I'm Carlisle," he said finally, holding out what he hoped was a dry, steady hand. "And I'm sorry if I stared. I have seen you so often on television, as a celebrity, that it's somewhat strange to fathom that you've bought the house next door." When she snorted, she even made that sound delightful. "I'm hardly a celebrity!" she laughed. "And I'm just renting, actually. I'll have it for the rest of the summer." She stood to greet him, returning his handshake with a soft but strong grip. She smelled of citrus and jasmine. The corner of her light-colored skirt billowed gently in the breeze, shifting against lickable calves. Carlisle's indulgent eyes followed them upward, caressing her shapely thighs. "Well, I really enjoy your show," he posited, hoping that sincerity, and not lust, colored his voice. Worse yet, he didn't want to come off like an obsessed fan boy—few things were more shameful than a thirty-five year old man sounding like a twelve year old girl with Bieber Fever. "You cook?" she asked with what seemed like genuine interest. "I dabble." he shrugged modestly. "Outstanding" she nodded. "So I can count on you if I ever need to borrow a cup of sugar?" Several critical organs stirred when her teeth closed down on a succulent bottom lip. Was it just wishful thinking, or could Isabella be flirting? "My kitchen is at your disposal," he breathed. The faint sound of a bell could be heard from the direction of their houses. She frowned a bit when it rang. "Well, it's nice to meet you, Carlisle. Sorry to cut it short, but I need to go check on my cake." His disappointment was immediate. He did not want her to leave. "Isabella," he stated earnestly, "…the pleasure is mine." She removed her hat and shook out her hair before fixing her eyes on him once again. Another delicious wave of her aroma crashed upon his wanting shores. "You can call me Bella." o/o/o/o/o Carlisle was a slave to epicurean delights, and no place offered such hedonism as home. How he had missed his double-headed shower, his fine English soaps, his 1,050 thread count sheets of Egyptian cotton! After spending his first hour of wakefulness luxuriating in his pillow-top bed thinking scrumptious thoughts about Bella, he cleaned himself thoroughly, had a wonderful shave, and made his way down to his beloved kitchen to brew his morning cup. He didn't use a machine—didn't believe in them. Carlisle only ever made his coffee with a gravity drip. Grinding, then spooning precisely three and a half scoops of the aromatic beans into a bleach-free paper filter, he filled the tea kettle with water and set a high flame to boil it on the stove. The slow brew of his coffee would allow him just enough time to whip up his favorite breakfast. The butcher in town sold a divine thick-cut applewood smoked bacon; he liked to have it with a cream-scrambled egg and freshly baked pain au chocolat. Under normal circumstances, he would plan to sit on the back porch and enjoy his meal over the morning paper. But, today he had something else to contemplate—what to do about his feelings for Bella Swan. He'd been starstruck and surprised in the first moments that he met her, but his preconceptions had quickly faded. Their brief encounter had left him with a dozen things to like—to desire —about her, all of them completely new. She was as much a sucker for dogs as he was, a fact he knew from the way she fed Cujo without hesitation and the lovingness she displayed when petting and pampering. She was humble—he'd noticed that she seemed genuinely humored to be called a celebrity, though he knew for a fact that her cookbooks had been published in multiple languages and that her show was currently number one on the Food Network. She was easy to talk to—he loved how effortlessly they'd fallen into light conversation. She was congenial, and seemed eager to connect around cooking despite her skills being way out of Carlisle's league. It had been a long while since Carlisle had met a woman with such qualities—Carlisle rarely met any desirable women at all. He seemed to attract the Mrs. McCartys of the world, which saddened him for as often as he was lonely. He knew it had much to do with the path he had chosen—the path of humanitarian aid was fulfilling but not without sacrifice. And then, there was the attraction. However much he liked her personality, her body ignited his. His mind eagerly recalled her voluptuous splendor. Isabella had been a fantasy, but Bella—she was real. Carlisle's only sadness was that her stay in Longport was temporary, that when he returned from his next trip she'd be gone. Making quick work of his dough, Carlisle set it to rise as he started in on his bacon and eggs. He was appreciating the tang of fresh chives awakening his senses as he chopped them, when he heard a faint knock at the door. He contemplated ignoring it on the off-chance that it was Mrs. McCarty; whenever Emmett was out of town, she arrived on Carlisle's doorstep with a bevy of tasks needing his attention. She'd dropped her wedding ring down the drain "by accident" no