A/N: SassenachWench and I wrote this one-shot for Ninapolitan's Friday Free For All. Please check out SassenachWench's other brilliantly written and lemony delicious fics, and Ninapolitan's other Friday Free For All fics. They are Lovely :) Merci beaucoup to super-beta and author extraordinaire Mabarberella! If you haven't read "The Hummer", you're missing out! --+-- My name is Carlisle Cullen. I am a doctor, a husband, and a father. My family—my wife and children—are my world. They inspire me to be the best man I can be. Like all men, I have failings—weaknesses that torment me. For me, it's sex. I have an unusual thirst for it, craving it almost constantly. My wife is everything to me. She is brilliant, lovely, kind, generous, an excellent mother, and incredibly sexy. When I come home to my wife I make slow, passionate, worshipful love to her. But sometimes I need variety. Sometimes I need to fuck. That, I do outside of my home. --+-- Carlisle As I came down the stairs my wife Esme stood in the entryway rifling through a stack of mail on the small table. Her head was tilted to one side as she unconsciously played with the earring in her right ear, her long sinuous neck stretched before me. Wrapping my arms around her waist, I elicited a surprised squeak as I pulled her close, my mouth closing in on the hot pulse point behind her ear. Placing the mail carefully back on the table, she turned, wrapping slender arms around my neck. She kissed me, sweetly, the love between us almost palpable. In her arms, I felt whole. I felt like a man who had everything and was worthy of it. As she pressed against me, her body roused mine—it always did—but I didn't act on it. I didn't make love to my wife during the day. She preferred to keep our physical relationship quartered firmly in the bedroom, and only after twilight. Sighing, I murmured the words of love we had spoken to each other countless times, promising to be home in time for dinner. It was a promise I rarely made, given my position at the hospital, so my wife smiled as we left the house, happy that we were to spend the evening together. I locked the door behind her, walking her to the Mercedes SUV she drove, before getting into my Jaguar XJL. --+-- Like most men, I have a thing for cars. To climb into a truly well-built machine, a masterpiece of craftsmanship, and truly own it, to be its master on the road, gives the feeling of power—both power known and power withheld. It comes second only to having children, and the act that creates them. Cars have always had a special place in my fantasies. This is because we fantasize about that which we cannot have. My beautiful wife, she doesn't believe that women like her—society ladies—have sex in cars. She's probably right. But still, I can't help the tingles of anticipation that travel from my hands to my cock whenever I grip the wheel of a fast car as I hug a tight curve in the road; skating the knife's edge between skilled assessment and recklessness. The road to the imports-only auto body and repair shop was long, curvy, and rarely monitored by law enforcement. Perfect for getting worked up. Perfect for thinking about the woman I would see there. We had met a few times before, each meeting bringing us closer to the inevitable. She was beautiful, but more than that, we saw in each other a kindred love of power, love of speed, a love of physical satisfaction. Each time I saw her, the urge to own her, as well as the car, almost overcame me. I had resisted so far, leaving without touching her, but the last time had been close. Damn close. Blonde, slim, and stunning, her attire and demeanor were the antithesis of my wife. She walked in a confident, strong, almost masculine way, but the way her dark blue overalls filled in just the right spots was anything but masculine. She was all woman. Dammit, now I'm hard. The repair yard was only another mile away—less than a minute at the speed I was traveling—I tried desperately to calm the beast in me, but to no avail. If I drove around until my erection abated, I'd be late for my appointment. I believed punctuality was the mark of the man, and I refused to be late. Pulling into the driveway of Jake's Auto Body and Import Repairs, I cursed under my breath as she sauntered immediately up to my door, white t-shirt decorated with the odd streak of oil, overalls covering her lower half, straps tied around her waist. I couldn't catch a break. It couldn't be Jake that came out? She couldn't be busy with another customer? Rolling down the window, refusing to exit the vehicle until I wouldn't disgrace myself, I smiled at her. Dammit she was beautiful. "Hello, Dr. Cullen." Her voice was pure sex. Raw, sensual, warm as a summer breeze. Just the sound of it made my dick twitch. Her eyes flicked down then back up, and the smirk pulling one corner of her mouth up said she saw it too. Fuck. Ignoring her expression and the fact that her eyes were roaming shamelessly over my body only to settle again on my unfortunately responsive groin, I summoned all of my medical training to maintain composure. "Hello again. I need to have you take a look at her. There's an odd sound coming from the right side of the engine block when I get her up over 80." The smirk left her face as she descended into diagnostic mode. "Rhythmic, or erratic?" "Rhythmic." "Always right at eighty?" "No, a few times it's been ten or so either direction." She asked a few more quick questions before pulling her blonde hair back into an efficient ponytail, stepping away from the car as she did so. "OK. Bring her into bay three, I'll run some tests. You can wait in the office. There's coffee—if you can call it that. I strongly suggest you add sugar. Lots of it." With that she turned, her pale, almost alabaster skin glowing in the morning sun as she walked towards the shop. Pulling into the designated bay, I stepped out of the car, turned, and jumped back, startled. I hadn't seen or heard her, but now she stood less than two feet from me; her mouth curved in a thoughtful smile, eyes watching me intently. My back was pressed against the car as she inched closer—close enough that I could feel the warmth of her body radiating into mine. Raking my eyes over her figure, I couldn't help but notice that she was suffering from something akin to the female version of my trouble, her nipples hardened against the insufficient material of her bra and thin t-shirt. So it wasn't just me. Her hand came up in a supplicating gesture, held out by my side, waiting. My heart skipped a beat as I realized we were close enough that we were sharing breath. Sharing heat. She leaned in a little more, those glorious peaks grazing my chest as she stretched up to speak quietly in my ear. Her hot breath bathed me as she spoke quietly. "Doctor Cullen, I need—" "Tell me," I whispered back, forcing my hands to remain at my sides until she said it. I would not touch her first. "Tell me what you need." She was temptation itself. I couldn't stop myself. I never could. She let out a breath, hard this time, and surprised me with a small, triumphant chuckle. "I need your keys, Doctor Cullen." My mouth went dry. Damn she was good. But I was better. "Left pants pocket." Her eyes widened as she took in my meaning, then her face settled into a knowing smirk. But I saw through her. She wanted to control this, but in truth she was just as helpless as I was. Her hand slid effortlessly into the satin-lined pocket of my suit pants, closing around the small set of keys secured there. Her hand slid effortlessly along the length of my cock, now rock-hard from our little game. The wide-eyed look returned, and I felt a momentary satisfaction knowing that I had effectively shut her up. In a flash she was gone, and so were my keys. Before I had even collected myself, the car's engine roared to life, and she began her diagnostics, leaving me to wait in the room they used as an office and waiting lounge. A full half hour later she was back, her almost-masculine saunter audible before she was visible in the doorway. As she entered the room, my entire thirty minutes of self-focus and physical calming was undone. Her hair had started to fall out of the haphazard ponytail, her cheek was streaked with a single smudge of dark grease, and her hands were filthy. She was glorious. My wife would never let herself get filthy like that. God it was sexy that this woman could. "Well, Doctor Cullen," she began as the hot water and citrus hand scrub flowed freely in the sink, "We can take care of it today, probably while you wait. I set Jake on it, but it'll be maybe an hour." An hour. Waiting here. With temptation in my way. Dammit. "OK, not a problem." I tried to sound casual. Walking past me to grab a towel from the hook on the door, she nodded and dried her hands quickly. When she turned to me again, her back to the door, all I could see was that streak of grease on her cheek. There was something insanely sexy about the incongruity of it. She was so soft, feminine, fair, and also strong, smart, and...dirty. Our eyes met, and her expression become instantly serious. Her eyes, normally a pale blue, darkened visibly. In that moment we both knew, as we always had, that this was inevitable. In two strides I was in front of her. I couldn't say who touched whom first—it was a millisecond between us being two individuals and becoming one. My left hand rested on her cheek, thumb grazing the grease stain. My right clamped around the back of her neck pulling her mouth to mine. Her hands were gripping me, clawing me closer, pulling me into her with a need that did nothing but fuel my own inextinguishable desire. One of us moaned as our tongues met. The other moaned as her body crashed into the door, slamming it shut with vicious finality. Pressing my hardened length into her, any concerns I had about being too forceful were dismissed as she wrapped her long legs tightly around me, her upper body held up by my pressing her against the door. Her arms enveloped me, pulling me in, roaming, exploring, owning me. My hands, no longer listening to my orders, pulled her t-shirt up roughly, exposing the firm white belly below. Another tug and her bra was exposed—plain white cotton—the firm round flesh visible above the half-cups. So tempting. So lovely. Fumbling for the clasp, out of my mind with need to taste her, I almost lost it when her voice came in my ear, low and full of passion. "Rip it," she growled at me. Grabbing the middle, I gave it a very solid yank, twisting at the same time. The plastic clasp centered between her breasts gave with a plinking sound, and the material fell free, exposing her flesh to me. Pressing herself against my cock, squeezing with her thighs, I felt her hand weave in the back of my hair, then press me to her. Taking one of the hard nubs in my mouth, I alternated between swirling my tongue around it, and clamping down on it with lip-covered teeth. "Fuck," she hissed as I did