Disclaimer: I do not own any of the recognisable characters in this story, and make no money from them. This story is purely a work of fanfiction and written for fun. However, I do own the OC's, and I ask that you don't use them in your own writing without consulting me first. Thank you, CoffeeRanger and Hawaiichick, for reviewing Family Tree! Warning: Aftermath of battle violence, non-graphic descriptions of horrific injuries causing death. Well, this took on a mind of its own, and morphed into an explanation of one of my most debated elements of this universe. Oh well, it's fact now. More notes at the end. Tales from Mirkwood: Battlefield The battle had been won, but at a heavy cost to the wood elves. Thranduil felt more and more desperation and dread fill him as he passed yet another group of slain wood elves, easily recognisable by their dark clothing and leather armour. Raising his head to look over the battlefield to focus on those wandering about, the Crown Prince of Greenwood searched desperately for a glimpse of silver or golden-blond hair that would indicate his father and sons were alive. He hadn't seen them since early in the battle, when Oropher had gone against Gil-galad's wishes, and ordered the wood elves to charge the enemy before they were ready. It was a very bad decision, one that Oropher had made on his own and not told anyone about, so Thranduil hadn't realised what was happening until it was too late. He'd still tried to stop his father, but it was futile. Oropher had made up his mind, and led the charge despite everything. Thranduil hadn't seen him since. He hadn't seen his sons either, and Thranduil prayed to the Valar, the Maiar, and whoever else might listen that they still lived. That his father's foolhardy move hadn't gotten them all killed. It had already killed too many of their people, and Thranduil had to swallow and look away as he passed a particularly gruesome scene. The smell likely wasn't helping, but Thranduil didn't stop to contemplate on that. He would make sure that all those who fell were suitably honoured, but first he needed to deal with those who were still alive. As soon as he found his family that is. Thranduil felt like he'd been wandering for hours when he came across a group that were mostly obscured in mud. Shuddering and going to look away, Thranduil suddenly stopped dead. There was a strand of silver hair just visible under the slain body of a horse. Not many of the elves in this battle had had silver hair. But Oropher and Belegon both did. Thranduil frantically pushed the dead animal aside, revealing the elf with silver hair as he did so. With a broken cry, Thranduil dropped to his knees, and tentatively touched the still body of his father, finding it stone cold. Oropher's eyes were open, and his face wore a feral look, even as the huge gash in his head made it clear how he'd died. Tears poured down Thranduil's cheeks unbidden as he clutched his father's body to him. They might have had their differences, but Oropher was still his father, and Thranduil knew he'd been loved. Even if Oropher had had a hard time showing that love, Thranduil had never doubted it existed. And now his father was gone, and had been for a fair while by the looks of it. Thranduil realised he must have died during that first fatal charge, before the battle had even officially started, and silently cursed his father's pig-headiness in not listening to others. His pride was his biggest weakness, and now it had gotten him and over half their army killed. Through his tears, Thranduil dimly realised that he was King now that Oropher was gone. Right there and then, Thranduil made up his mind to always listen to others, and at least contemplate their advice. "Ada!" The anxious cry caused Thranduil's head to shoot up, desperately searching for the source of the voice. Relief flooded his body as a golden-blond haired figure could clearly be seen making its way towards him. Golwendir was soon at his father's side, and swallowed and quickly looked away as soon as he glimpsed Oropher. Thranduil swiftly cut a large piece of fabric from his own robes, and laid it over his father's face, to spare his son the gruesome sight. Golwendir was still looking away, shaking slightly, and Thranduil swallowed his own sorrow as he walked over to him and gently hugged his second-born. They weren't usually ones for hugging, but Golwendir immediately clutched Thranduil like he was the last solid thing left on earth. "My son, are you hurt?" Golwendir shook his head, even as he tightened his grip. "No, Ada, I don't even have a scratch. Are you?" "Nothing serious. Just a few scratches and bruises." Golwendir did not reply to that, though his shoulders shook with suppressed sobs as his knuckles turned white from clutching Thranduil so tightly. Thranduil kept his arms around his son and took steadying breaths to help him calm down. Even though Thranduil felt like bawling his own eyes out, he couldn't afford to let emotions take over just yet. Not until he knew the full extent of the damage that had been done here today. "Golwendir, have you seen your brother?" Golwendir shook his head as he continued to cling to his father, not caring that his clothes were filthy, needing the assurance that Thranduil was alive. "No. I don't even know if he is alive or not." Thranduil's heart clenched in fear at hearing that. Gently breaking away from his son, Thranduil placed a hand on his shoulder and spoke softly, but firmly. "That does not matter right now, we are going to find him either way. Come, stay near me. It will be easier if we don't have to look alone." Golwendir immediately nodded in agreement, and stuck close to his father, as the two elves picked their way across the battlefield. They called Belegon's name again and again as they went, pausing every so often in case he answered them. Suddenly, Golwendir gasped and doubled over clutching his head; Thranduil was at his side in an instant, supporting him. The vision passed quickly, as they always did, but it seemed an age to Thranduil. As soon as he was back, Golwendir looked at his father in panic. "Belgie is alive, but not for long. He is gravely wounded and almost gone. We must hurry!" Golwendir then proceeded to take off in the opposite direction to the one they had been looking in. Without hesitation, Thranduil followed, and they soon came upon an even more gruesome sight then the one they'd see earlier. Men, elves and orcs lay everywhere, many had arrows or spears through various parts of their bodies, others had been trampled into the mud. Golwendir did not stop nor even pause until he came to the edge of the group. When he reached them, he dropped to his knees next to a silver-haired elf with a shattered cry. Catching up, Thranduil looked at his eldest son in horror. The top half of a spear was lodged deep in Belegon's chest; his lightweight metal and leather armour having done nothing to prevent the heavy iron tip from penetrating him. The shaft had been broken off about midway up and was nowhere to be seen, not that the two Sindar looked too closely at their surroundings. Golwendir continued to sob freely as Thranduil knelt in the mud next to Belegon. Thranduil carefully placed two fingers on his neck, desperately searching for any sign of life. At first there was nothing, but then a small flicker, so brief it could almost be taken as being wishful thinking, brushed against the Sindar's fingertips. Belegon was alive, barely, Thranduil realised with relief. However, a moment later that flicker wavered and almost died as death descended on it like a black blanket of doom. With his last bit of strength, Belegon's consciousness tried to latch onto the familiarity and comfort Thranduil offered, but Mandos was stronger. Thranduil knew his son was losing the battle to stay alive, and would soon pass beyond their reach. Thranduil screamed in rage. Mandos was not taking any more of his family away from him. He'd already lost both his mother and father to that Valar; he would not let him take his eldest son as well. Golwendir could only watch helplessly as his father screamed in rage before he tore his brother's tunic open, somehow managing to tear apart his armour in the process, and pulled the broken spear out of his chest with more force than had probably been used to put it there. Belegon was ashen-grey and not breathing as far as the younger elf could tell, by human standards, he would already be dead. But Thranduil was determined to save him, and placed both of his hands on the wound, which was sluggishly bleeding. Realising what his father was about to do, Golwendir anxiously watched as Thranduil started transferring his life force into Belegon's body. His hands glowed golden with a fire-like substance as he pushed more and more energy into the ugly wound, a grim expression on his face. "What the hell." Golwendir glanced up to see a white-face Elrond Half-Elven staring at Thranduil's glowing hands with fear and horror in his expression. Of course, he didn't know about their powers. And Thranduil was a sight to behold just now, looking like one of the Valar themselves. Or the Maiar, Golwendir thought grimly. That was more plausible, given his bloodline. Before Elrond could say anymore, a bright light almost blinded them. For a split-second, Thranduil's whole body glowed with a golden fire, before the light seemed to explode outwards and sweep over the whole battlefield. The force of it knocking anyone who was standing off their feet, minor wounds and scratches healed themselves, and many on the point-of-death suddenly found the strength to keep on fighting as their minds grew stronger. When it passed, those who were able struggled to their feet, asking each other what had just happened. No one knew; many attributed it to the Valar or the elves, but even the elves present did not know where it had come from. Only two had witnessed what had happened, and one of them had no idea exactly what he'd just witnessed. Elrond raised his head and looked around him blearily. He had no idea what just happened, or why he was lying flat out on the ground, though he was feeling much stronger than he had previously. Standing up slowly, the Noldor looked at Thranduil, and gasped in horror. The elder Sindar's limp body and closed eyes terrified Elrond, but before he could do more than take a step towards them, Belegon suddenly sat up coughing. The ugly wound on his chest had completely disappeared, Elrond realised numbly, only a faint scar was left to show where the top half of a spear had gone straight through him. "What, in the name of all that is good and evil, just happened?" Elrond didn't realise he'd said that aloud, until both the Sindar wood elves looked at him with dazed expressions. His training as a healer took over at that point, and Elrond rushed forward to join Golwendir, who was supporting his father's head, intending on seeing if Thranduil was all right. "DON'T TOUCH HIM." The icy tone of voice made Elrond quickly withdrew his hand and try to reason with the golden-haired prince. "I do not intend to harm him, my prince, I just want to check that he is alive." "No one touches him. We have lost enough at your hands." Elrond did not understand why Golwendir was being so hostile towards him, it was not like he'd sent scores of wood elves to their deaths. That had