Disclaimer: I do not own any of the recognisable characters in this story, and make no money from them. This story is purely a work of fanfiction and written for fun. However, I do own the OC's, and I ask that you don't use them in your own writing without consulting me first. Thanks to CoffeeRanger, Hawaiichick, and Whyamiobsessed for reviewing Ancestry! This story, like all of this series, has not being beta-ed, so please excuse any mistakes. I do my best to thoroughly proof-read, but they do slip through. I would recommend, for those who haven't been following these stories, that you read Bad Hair Day first. For everyone else, enjoy Elrond's suffering! My Plot Bunnies sure do... Tales from Mirkwood: Visit to Imladris Third age. Belegon, Tordir, Legolas and Lothwen sat in a circle on the bed in Legolas's guest room in Imladris. "How are we going to get the twins back for humiliation us in front of the whole population of Imladris?" It was Legolas who'd spoken; his normally cheerful face was now set in grim angry lines. The other three did not look any happier, especially Belegon. In fact, he looked furious. He was Crown Prince after all, and the twins prank had severely wounded his pride. While not quite as mad, Legolas, Lothwen and Tordir, young and carefree as they were, were still smarting from the prank. Those sons of Elrond could not be allowed to get away with it. 'It' referring to a rather humiliating prank that had been pulled on the gathered Mirkwood Royal children in the dining hall just that morning. A prank that had ended with the four of them covered in milk and surrounded by a multitude of broken dishes. And no, it hadn't been a food fight. None of them were sure exactly how it had happened, or even what had happened, but the twins had laughed themselves practically into comas. It hadn't helped that everyone who lived in Imladris had witnessed their humiliation. It was only the beginning of their third day here. Thranduil had given them all a long talk before coming here about how they must behave and uphold the good name of their family, which they'd all agreed to do. Then Elrond's identical spawn had come along, and suddenly they were the laughing stock of Imladris. But not for long. The twins needed to be gotten back at; they may have had their fun, but would pay dearly for inflicting that humiliation on the wood elves. They just had to think of a suitable way to carry out their revenge. And make sure that the whole of Imladris would witness it. They had already dismissed the usual prank materials as not being epic enough; which meant glue, honey, feathers, ferrets, pretty much any type of animal, the trees, and even clothes were out. Belegon had initially suggested stealing their clothes when they next went to the bathhouse so they would have to run back to their rooms naked, and make sure they also hid all the clothes in their rooms so they didn't have anything to wear. He was really smarting from the prank, and desperate to humiliate the twins in whatever way possible. The other three had shut down that idea, as appealing as it was, as it would land them in deep trouble with Thranduil. And while the King had been lenient this morning, understanding that what had happened wasn't their fault, facing his full displeasure was something none of them wanted to do. But, what could they do to the twins to pay them back? It was Tordir who unexpectedly came up with the answer. "It's a pity we don't have the supplies to create dye." Belegon's face contorted in pain for a moment as he remembered that incident, even as Legolas and Lothwen looked horrified. While that particular prank had been aimed at Tordir, Belegon had managed to get caught in the cross-fire. It had taken weeks to figure out how to remove the blue dye from his hair, and Tordir had not stopped rubbing in the fact he'd escaped having blue hair for even more weeks after that. Belegon had eventually found out that soaking his hair in alcohol for half-an-hour or so was very effective at removing the dye. Even if it did leave his hair smelling like a brewery for a few days. But, back to the present. Belegon's face gradually went from murderous to thoughtful. Then a wicked looked entered his eyes, a look that made his younger siblings and his nephew sit up and look at him warily. Eventually, it was Lothwen who broke the silence. "Are you okay, Belgie?" The Crown Prince grinned menacingly. "I think I will be. Legolas, you don't happen to have some of that dye handy, do you?" Legolas looked horrified, and shook his head rapidly. "No, no, certainly not. Ada forbid me from using it. I haven't touched it since." Belegon frowned, even as his eyes did not leave his little brother's face. "But you know how to make it, right? All you need is the right ingredients." Legolas nodded slowly, even as curiosity overcame his nerves. "Yes, I do. Why?" "What colour do you think we should dye the twin's hair?" Legolas, Lothwen and Tordir went dead silent for a moment, staring at Belegon in shock. Tordir recovered first. "You really mean it? You want to dye their hair?" Belegon's grin was feral. For all that he was older then Lord Elrond, he had a sadistic streak that rivalled his younger-by-more-than-an-age sibling's devilish senses of humour. "Yes. I am more aware than anyone how impossible that stuff is to remove without knowing the right method. And we won't tell them that secret until we are satisfied that they have been thoroughly humiliated in front of everyone." By this point, Legolas was also grinning, more than keen to go along with his brother's plan. For all that they had different mothers, they were all very much their father's children. Thranduil's sadistic sense of humour was something he'd passed on to all of them. Even Tordir, though Thranduil was his grandfather, still had it. "That would be a great idea. How are we going to get the ingredients for the dye though? Some of the plants only grow in Mirkwood, and if we don't make it the same way it may not stay in." Belegon nodded. "True, but tell me what you need, and I'll make sure you get it. What pigment would you need to colour the dye?" Legolas frowned as he thought hard. "Not sure. It might be better if I make the base dye, and then add the colour last. That way, we can add small amounts of different minerals to samples, and see what the effect is." Belegon nodded. That made sense. "Okay then, here is the plan. Legolas will make the dye, I will get the ingredients he requires. Lothwen, would you be able to get the pigments? The colour mineral powders in that paint kit Glorfindel gave you should work." The princess nodded firmly in assent. She was looking forward to this. "Tordir, you must cover for us while we are collecting the supplies. We can't let anyone know what we are doing, or they will most certainly stop us. Especially Ada, if he hears wind of this. And Lanny must also be kept in the dark, as I'm not sure she would approve, and I don't feel like having my daughter give me her disappointed look just yet. They will find out about it after of course, but not a word must reach them before we can carry it out. Agreed?" The other three nodded in agreement, excitement showing on all their faces. Belegon smiled around at his siblings and nephew, as he rubbed his hands together in anticipation.s "Operation: Payback, is a go." Three days later, the whole of Imladris was awakened at dawn to identical screams coming from the bathhouse. Recognising his sons as being the culprits, Elrond tried to leap out of bed to see what was wrong. However, in his hurry, his legs got tangled up in his bedsheets, and he hit the floor with a loud thump that succeeded in winding him and thoroughly waking up Celebrian, who had managed to sleep through the initial screams. These incidents slowed Elrond down enough that he arrived at the bathhouse at the same time as Thranduil did. Despite the early hour, the King looked wide awake, and was immaculately dressed. Rubbing his eyes tiredly, looking down at the old robe he'd thrown over his nightclothes and his slippers, Elrond wondered how the Sindar did it. He didn't have time to contemplate that thought further, because at that moment two familiar figures emerged from the bathhouse. Despite the early morning mist, the steam from the baths, and their dark clothes, they stood out perfectly, thanks to their bright pink hair. Elrond gaped. He couldn't help it. The pink was very bright. Thranduil's lips twitched slightly, but otherwise he retained his composure, and glared at the twins like he couldn't see their hair. "What is the racket for? Some of us were sleeping." The thought entered Elrond's head that Thranduil must sleep in his royal robes, if he'd truly been awakened by the screams. The twins gaped at Thranduil, too shell-shocked at his question to point out the fact their hair was not naturally this colour, and that that's what was wrong thank you very much . Elrohir recovered first, even though his voice was very squeaky. "What do you mean? Look at our hair !" Thranduil examined their heads gravely. "What about it?" Elladan recovered enough at that point to speak. "It is pink ! It's not supposed to be PINK !" Thranduil blinked, and frowned as if seeing the colour for the first time. "It is too. Why would you do something like that?" It was the look of sheer shock and disbelief the twins gave him that finally broke through the indifferent façade Thranduil had been maintaining. Not able to hold in his amusement any longer, the Sindar started laughing. Full on laughing, great bellows of laughter that caused him to double over and clutch his stomach in pain. Once he'd gotten over the worst of his shock, and realised that the twins were not physically hurt, Elrond couldn't help but grin as well. His sons really did look a sight. Elladan was shaking in rage at the situation in general. Thranduil's hysterics were not helping his mood. "Who did this? Show yourselves!" He shouted around at the surrounding woods, as he was pretty sure whoever had set this up was hiding nearby to witness their humiliation. Thranduil stopped laughing long enough to speak. "Maybe next time, you should think twice before antagonising a wood elf. Especially if they have royal blood, and a very sound knowledge of chemistry. Oh, by the way, the dye is permanent." Elrond and his sons looked at Thranduil with wide eyes; the king ignored them and continued to chortle away to himself. It was only a bit of a lie; the dye was permanent if you didn't know the secret to washing it out. And Thranduil was not about to give away that secret. After the prank they'd pulled on his children a few days ago, the sons of Elrond deserved what they got. While no one was hurting more than their pride, Thranduil did not plan on interfering with justice. Even if he did not totally approve of the form said justice took. Finally slotting all the pieces into place, Elrond almost face-palmed. It was too early in the day for all this. Elrohir and Elladan were slightly quicker in putting all the pieces together then their father was. When they'd realised who was responsible for their pink hair, the twins had looked at each other in horror. They'd known the wood elves,