This is a SIOC as Dudley fanfiction. Warning: Politic heavy, gender issues, slash, het, femslash (maybe), obesity issues, cancer issues, some pretty angsty shit, but it gets better, and there are a lot of jokes, but I suck at telling jokes, we'll see how it goes. Hold me Tight and Don't Let Go ..::Chapter One::.. Reborn My family was prone to bad luck. Perhaps it was in our genes. That's what the doctors said anyways. When I say "bad luck", I don't mean it so literally. "Bad luck" is just another way of saying "death" and "grief". My mother died of cancer shortly after her seventh child, with me being the third oldest, and it was a sad occasion for all of us. She died the same way her own father and mother died, she died the same way her grandparents died, the same way her siblings have all died saved for one younger brother. It was in our genes they said. Even before we were born, it could be said that we were all predestined to die of cancer. But we held together as a family after mother's death. Father knew his duties, and though he was probably the most hurt out of all of us, he held together. He gave us every opportunity, cared and loved us in everyway possible, worked three jobs to help feed our seven hungry mouths. In some ways, I thought that maybe that was how he coped with her death, by giving his all and letting out all that love embodied into that frail body of his. Alice was second to go. When the doctors announced that she was in the second stage of cancer at the tender age of thirteen, it hit our family hard. Alice never cried though. I was seventeen at the time, getting ready for my senior year and preparing for college. Alice made sure I stayed on track and didn't sacrifice my life plans for her. I remember she held my hands in her tiny shaking ones, sprinkled with freckles, and looked me straight in the eye. She gave me a knowing smile and said that I would have the heaviest burden to carry. She said that she was glad that she died now instead of bearing the burden I would have to bear. Looking back on it, I believe she knew in her heart that I would be the last one to survive out of all our siblings. She died three days later with a peaceful smile on her face. A year later, our eldest brother, Jacob, died. Died of cancer of course. Three years after that our father died, leaving me and my older sister, Teresa, to care for our youngest. I was finishing up college; Teresa refused to let me come back until I did. She took up dad's place as provider and parent for our siblings. We were all glad though, in some ways, because father didn't have the burden of life anymore. It was clear the death of his wife and children were wearing him down, and three jobs weren't helping. He died a peaceful death surrounded by his loving children. Then Marco, the second youngest, died at ten. Then Ricky. Then Teresa. I was twenty-seven when Matilda, my youngest and only remaining sibling, fell under the influence of our family curse. Two years later she died, leaving me the only remaining member of our family. Only then did Alice's words ring true. I was now all alone and bearing the deaths of my entire family. I'd like to say that I handled it and didn't let it pull me down but I would be lying. To be completely honest, I was a wreck. I was drowning in my grief, crushed under the weight of my burden. It took me another three years to pull myself together and by then I was thirty-two. And I thought maybe, just maybe, that I would be the one to break my family curse. I let myself live for the first time really since college, I started getting back into society. I got more involved with my work and made my way up the industry as an up-and-coming journalist reporter and by thirty-four I was well known, had published one book with a second in the making, and had a fiancé-to-be-husband I would've married in six months time. The key word is "would've". I'm not sure who took it worse when the news came, me or everyone else around me. For me, I had been preparing my whole life for this moment; however, in the last three years I had let myself come out of my shell and had let myself hope. That all came crashing down when my doctor said I had two years to live. I didn't even make it two years. I died on October 31, at my thirty-five years mark, on the day of my birth. What I didn't expect…. was to wake up again. I won't go into the gory details of my rebirth. It was unpleasant least to say. It was warm. Then it wasn't. And I screamed and cried and whined and wondered why I couldn't move and why I couldn't see. And most of all, I wondered why I wasn't dead yet. Unless, of course, I was dead and this was the afterlife. That thought was frightening because this was some unholy type of unpleasantness. And it was fucken cold. I had a bone to pick with someone if this was the afterlife. I spent the next who-knows-how-long in perpetual blindness, grasping blindly with my less-than-cooperative hands. It seemed that I had no motor control because my limbs refused to listen to anything I told them. It was endlessly frustrating. My near-blind vision didn't help either, and I couldn't make out anything clearly unless it was less than three inches from my face. During the first two weeks all I could make out over my stay were large hulking figures that hovered over me at undetermined intervals of time. Sometimes what felt like large hands would pick me up, other time I could hear something akin to cooing sounds while my ears still adjusted. It didn't take long for me to come to the conclusion that I was a baby. The idea of reincarnation had crossed my mind before. It was sort of a lovely thought, that maybe my poor abused family would get a second, and hopefully happier, chance at life. In my previous life (as I was calling it seeing as how I couldn't be sure that my last life was my first) I hadn't been particularly religious, I wondered to and from various religions neither accepting nor denying the existence of each. Reincarnation had just been one of those phases. But now I couldn't deny the fact that it existed especially now that I was a baby again. Though I was pretty sure I wasn't supposed to know all this. I tried to keep count of time as the days went by. It was hard considering more than half the time I was asleep or too groggy to truly concentrate on the environment around me. Somewhere along the first two weeks the walls around me turned from endless white to baby blue. It took me a while to notice the change but I soon realized that I was no longer in the hospital and was probably in whatever house I would have to live in from now on. The idea of a new home, a new family, was saddening but at the same time I was pretty excited. Maybe this time around I wouldn't have to suffer all the misery my previous life piled upon me. I just hoped that fate would leave my family curse behind me; I didn't think I could handle the grief for a second time. Maybe this time it wouldn't be cancer, maybe it be something worse. But I didn't really care what form my curse would take, I just hoped it wouldn't come at all. By what I assumed was the two month mark I started to see a lot clearer and my hearing improved, if only slightly. I came to recognize the thin and tall woman who took care of me everyday as my mother, or at least the woman who birthed me this time around. Her voice was the clearest out of everyone I've met to pinpoint because it was shrill and high-pitched. I felt bad but had to admit that I really didn't like her voice at all. She would come into my room everyday at least seven to ten times, taking me downstairs only twice a day and outside only three times a week every other day. It was like clockwork. I could tell she was one of those overly obsessive organized people or a neat freak. Not that I could complain, I gave my siblings much heartache over their messy habits. It was a little horrifying when I first comprehended that I was being breast fed sometime within those first two weeks. It can be confidently said that I was properly traumatized. But over the weeks, months now, I've come to accept that this was part of my life now and I would only have to put up with it for so long before they started bottle feeding me (my new mother soon tired of breastfeeding so it didn't take long before I was eagerly –relieved to be- sucking from a bottle). It was clear my new mother loved me dearly and I knew, as I grew older, I would be one of those coddled children. I just hoped it didn't affect my personality or my ability to maintain independence (I was a grown woman after all). I didn't nearly see my father as much. He, unlike mother, didn't see me periodically and his visits were sparse and at random intervals. He didn't coo or coddle but he had an arrogant and prideful tone to his voice that told me he bragged about me to his coworkers, or anything that had ears, as often as possible. He was a large man, huge compared to my mother. Even from my tiny and small view point I could tell his was grotesquely obese. Then came the day that everything changed. Part of me was relieved of my new life. Most people don't get a second chance, and none that I knew of got a second chance like mine. So when my second chance came crashing down all around me, it's acceptable that I didn't act well. At two or three months I was still developing –and would be for a long time- and had yet to actually hear my new name. I've heard a few mumbles here and there, nothing really clear. All I knew was that my name began with either a B or a D and ended with a "–ee" sound. That was all I could get out of my ears even though my parents said it constantly. But it was always cooed at me from a distance about my crib, too far for my fresh ears to comprehend clearly. As it was, the fateful day came when my mother picked me up and carried me downstairs and into an unfamiliar room, which I assumed was the living room. My head laid on her shoulder and my ear pressed against her towering neck. With my head so close to her mouth, for the first time since my rebirth I could actually comprehend what the women was saying. "Vernon dear, could you hold the baby please." I grimaced my baby face, unhappy at the name of my new father. I was immediately reminded of the fat walrus from the book series Harry Potter. My memories of that character were far from fond, and though it was never said, I always just took that the obese Uncle beat poor little Harry. Though I supposed that I could