At last here we are, the fist chapter of what will be an all in one, three story saga. Sorry to all who waited patiently for this to be up, I had been slightly busy but it wasn't until I got a PM that made me finish the first chapter entirely... Just had a little issue with uploading. Hope you all enjoy, happy reading, and as always - I don't own HP or any names that might come up. D The holidays – in Hermione's opinion – were the most peaceful out of all the holidays so far. For the first two weeks she had decided to go old school and read all the books she had owned since she was five and up, taking her a grand total of four days to finish – have a sort out of everything she had owned since said age and had found some interesting and very much forgotten toys whilst she had a spring clean of her room. It was how Minerva had found her one afternoon in her room. She had been walking past but had to stop and take those few steps back to look as she spied the younger girl sitting on the floor, with a few of her old teddy's, one stuffed horse and a few figurines as the older woman looked on perplexed – that was until Hermione happened to glance up and see the other woman. Sitting to attention the younger girl looked at her like an owl would look upon a gravely misinformed mouse that had wandered into its patch as for the next couple of minutes the air was silent and filled with a tiny bit of tension. Until Hermione politely informed her there was nothing to see and that she should move on. Minerva stood with arched brows at the remark. The way the younger witch held the stuffed bear like it was an everyday thing for a fourteen year old to be holding, and looking so haughty it was dam near comical, it made Minerva laugh as she shook her head and just went about her way leaving Hermione who had eyed her leaving with a shrewd gaze until her attention turned back to her small posse. The next two weeks was spent doing a bit of refurbishing on the house. Minerva liked doing things the old-fashioned way – A.K.A – the Muggle way and so that involved them going to Edinburgh, Minerva's favourite city if Hermione had to say as it was where they went the most often, as they got ready for the journey. For everyone else – a four and a half hour trip, for two witches – less than half a minute as soon they appeared within a secluded ally that led o to the path going into the high street as they slipped in with the crowd inconspicuously blending in and off on their travels to the nearest paint stores. For the sitting room Minerva wanted a change and so after many stops in most of the DIY shops and any place that sold paints, two mini arguments and one graceful exit later – she had decided upon a royal blue, smiling happily she paid for the paint with a very put upon Hermione next to her as she took to looking at the wallpapers. She too had wanted something new for her room and so unlike a certain older woman who had uncharacteristically behaved like a child for much of their time there – she had picked something simple yet mature that spoke of her ever-changing styles and phases as she got older, pulling out a sample of patterned black and white flowers she showed it to her Mother who had been standing by her once her paint had been bought. Minerva had nodded and agreed that it would look well on her room and with her silver bedspread, give her that more adult feel which was what Hermione was going for as she asked a passing worker how much it cost and how many rolls she might have needed before going to pay for it happy with the estimate. The good thing about being in her fourth year now… Something that neither of them could really believe was that Minerva felt she was responsible enough to look after her key to her vault at Gringott's. The older woman had always thought the younger girl much more mature than her friends but she still wanted to see if it would last given the two boys influence. But much to her surprise it seemed that they hadn't had much of an effect as she had feared and Hermione had stayed… somewhat on the right path all year, one or two dozen rules aside – but she had passed all her exams, handed in every bit of homework given, and even found a bit of time to help a few first years with their own work. Of course she had also managed to learn and master a highly advanced seventh year spell, along with Mr Potter, whom Minerva was positive where the only two aside from the teachers and the more academic of students capable, that knew who to conjure such a magical feat. She had thought back to that night and on seeing the two patronus's, wondered why hers was an Eagle of all things – Mr Potter's she could get what with his father having managed to change into a stag on learning the art of Animagi, she could see the connection. But Hermione's had confused her, of course she knew why her own was a cat – it seemed patronus's and Animagus went a little hand in hand on some parts, but if Hermione had learnt to master that also… something she had little doubt she would have succeeded had she tried, she didn't think her inner animal to be that of an Eagle. So where had it come from? If anything she would have thought it maybe a cat-like her own… or. Merlin forbids she should say it… A snake, like the rest of her unknown family prided on being like – she wasn't too sure on Bella's but she was confident his would have been a serpent. She pretty much got his biggest gift regarding such creatures, and it wasn't without her own time spent around them either. So where had the bird come from? In all fairness she should have been glad it was that and not a reptile… the nails were already piling up, all she needed was someone to come and hammer them down if that happened. It was just baffling. She had to silently wonder what else had her daughter been learning, what she might already know and what she might be learning next. As they set off to go find a café or some place that sold tea, she had to look at the younger girl whose height was creeping up so much with each day that now it was just mere months before she overtook her and vowed to take more of an interest in her life, to be more included. As they found a small, homey looking establishment which Hermione wanted to go in and pulled her closer to, she sighed as she followed in after her, letting the door swing behind them. With what was coming, it just wouldn't be this year. Once they had gotten all they needed. The next week was focused on repainting and practically up turning the living room in a move that saw nearly every piece of furniture moved about all placed in different angles and locations of the room as Minerva hummed and twisted her lips in contemplation as she decided on where it should all go. Or whether it should all go back to how it was. Hermione nearly threw a fit at that, she had pushed, pulled and grumbled all in equal proportions as the older woman insisted on doing things the normal way and without magic. She said it would be fun and give their magic a rest as not everything needed to be sorted with the flick of a wand. All it did however was give Hermione a greater understanding of union workers, and saw sympathy within their plights as she shuffled a drawer across the rug for the third time that hour, "Now I see why people go on strike" She panted as she dragged the hefty item from one side to the other all the while under the careful eye of Minerva as she happened to like that piece and knew just what the younger girl would do if she could cut corners. "Oh hush dear, it's not killing you." Hermione popped her head up from behind the drawer, disbelief etched on her face as she scoffed. "Not killing me? Mother, I'm one carpet burn away from going to the Ministry and crying child labour." Minerva rolled her eyes at the remark. "Don't be so melodramatic. Think of all the others who have to do this who don't have magic," The younger girl huffed moodily and placed her hands back on the side as she pushed once more. "Yeah – hence the striking," She said more but it were mumbled which made Minerva shake her head as she left her to grouch. It was an early night for the younger girl who after tea promptly gave her Mother a kiss and a hug before shuffling her way up to bed. The rest of the week she dedicated to smaller side tasks such as going to Diagon ally and buying the new bath for Crookshanks. After the events of third year and the revealing knowledge that he had spent most of it with Sirius, she knew straight away that he needed a bath and so after setting it up at the side of her shower in her bathroom, went in search of the orange marshmallow who she found outside. He were crouched low hunting a bird that had landed on the floor and was hopping about. She stepped outside to see him waggling his fat behind just hidden from sight behind the potted plants she watched amused as he went about being the stealthy predator he was, as he belly shuffled along the path. He was almost close enough to the unsuspecting bird when a sound at the side alerted the avian creature who took flight immediately, leaving him staring at its retreating form. "Better luck next time Buda butt." He lifted himself from the floor and turned to look at her, his eyes glowing brightly even with the hunt a failure as she moved from the porch and over to him. Thinking nothing dastardly about his approaching owner the fat cat stayed where he was, his mistake as she bent and scooped him up. Smiling at how quick that was she turned and went back inside the house and up to her room where she would lock the door ensuring any escape attempts would be less than easy as she moved to her bathroom. There she would proceed to scar him inwardly by plonking him unceremoniously into a tub full of water, earning a shrill meow for the efforts. He tried to claw his way out but was stopped, failing that he tried to claw her but was easily manhandled as for the next twenty minutes she dedicated to getting all the grime and memories of the school year before off his glorious coat, she may have learned that the mass murder - formerly – was a nice guy, but his animagus left little to think about where and what he might have been around. She shuddered to even go near that thought and so she was determined to get her cat clean. He may have been a mongrel to some but to her he was a king, and so she was going to make sure he put to shame all those other