Immortal Tears Third Age 3007 Éomer allowed his horse to come to a halt behind the others. He could not see what was happening ahead, having agreed to ride in the middle of the company at Gamling's request. The old warrior did not want anything happening to the young lord on his very first tour of the kingdom. Éomer stood up in his saddle trying to see the source of the commotion. He watched his cousin dismount, then Gamling. The rest of the company quickly followed suit. It was after Éomer dismounted and pushed his way forward through the taller men blocking his view that he saw what had captured the riders' attention. Several orcs lie dead in their path. Théodred stood over a nearby corpse and pulled an arrow from its throat. Even from a distance, Éomer knew the design was like none he'd ever seen. Whoever killed these foul beasts was not a man of Rohan. Théodred's gaze shifted to his young cousin and he handed Éomer the arrow. Éomer studied the arrowhead closely. It was a work of art, perfectly crafted with a floral design carved into the side. A look of confusion passed over him. Who would take such care in decorating an arrowhead when it would most likely be broken off and lost? "Who?" he asked, looking to his cousin and Gamling for an answer. Théodred scanned the scattered bodies. The same arrow design stuck out of the throats and hearts of the others. Théodred knew these arrows, though he'd seen them only twice before. "Elves," he answered. Éomer's jaw fell open slightly. He'd hoped to see many things on this journey, but Elves were not on the list. How exciting! "Have you seen elves before?" Éomer asked a bit too enthusiastically. He was answered with a look of reproach from the man that was to him more like a brother than a cousin. "No, I've never seen elves. Nor do I care to. They shouldn't be traveling through our land." Théodred's eyes landed on Gamling who looked upon the young prince with disapproval. The old warrior shook his head before turning aside to study the tracks left in the soft soil. There had been more orcs, many more, and though the ground bore no sign of elves, they surely had been here as well. They must have retreated…or been driven back toward the Anduin. "We should follow those tracks, my prince. These orc prints were made by more than a handful. If the elves didn't finish them off, we'll need to be sure they're found and destroyed." The Prince nodded in agreement. Théodred might not trust elves, but he loathed orcs. "Let us be off then." The Prince strode purposefully back to his horse, calling over his shoulder to Éomer as he did. "Come cousin, this trip may yet be a memorable one." Éomer grinned broadly at Théodred and quite nearly skipped back to his horse. He was ready to face any band of orcs or foul beast that dared to enter their land. He'd waited sixteen years for the opportunity, but that was not the sole cause of the lightness in his step. He would never admit such to Théodred, or anyone else for that matter, but he was quite excited with the prospect of seeing an elf. He did not have to wait long. They headed toward the river and down a steep hill to its banks. Éomer could see them from a distance, the bodies of countless orcs littering the sand - and scattered among them - the bodies of elves. The company dismounted as soon as they reached the bottom of the hill. Gamling's commanding voice could be heard above the roar of the river. "Check them!" Gamling kneeled beside the elf lying nearest to him. His torso was cleaved and organs spilled out upon the ground. He wore no armor, but an elegant blade lay within a hair's breadth of his outstretched hand. The old warrior sighed heavily. He could feel the young lord peering over his shoulder long before he spoke. Horror was too gentle a word to express what Éomer felt in that moment. He'd dreamed his entire life of seeing an elf and his wish was now granted; only now, he would have given anything to have the sight erased from his memory. Lying there, eyes closed, with long golden blond hair, the creature looked no older than Éomer. Its face was so fair that it was only by the sword and clothing the elf wore that he knew it to be male. It was not right. Elves were supposed to be immortal. Such a death was meant for men, not beings of magic and power. Éomer found his voice, and a question that plagued him since Théodred first mentioned the elves. "Why do elves come this way? Do they not live far to the north?" Gamling shook his head. "These are not the witch's elves. These come from the east beyond Mordor. They make their way to the sea." Éomer looked curiously down upon the old warrior. Gamling was not one to speak of things of which he had no knowledge, so he trusted the truth of the man's words. He simply wasn't sure how Gamling had come to possess such knowledge. "Why travel so far, past such dangerous lands just to see an ocean?" It didn't make any sense, especially in light of the sight that lay before him. Théodred reached his cousin's side just as he asked that question. The Prince looked down at the prone figure of the elf, steeling his heart against the terrible sight. All that lives may die , a voice told him, the elves are no greater than us in that regard . His mind returned then to his cousin's question, and the answer that was given to him years earlier. "It is said they are leaving the world to dwell with their Gods," Theodred replied. Éomer's eyes widened at that and he studied his cousin's face, seeking there for any sign that Théodred mocked him. "Is that true?" Théodred shrugged, a difficult gesture wearing armor. "It's what grandmother Morwen told me." Gamling rose to his feet addressing Éomer as he did. "I don't know about their Gods," he told Éomer earnestly, "but I've met others traveling towards the sea. They move swiftly and cause no trouble." One hardly even knew they were there before they'd gone. It was the reason Théodred and many of the other Rohirrim were suspicious of elves. Gamling himself had seen living elves with his own eyes, once he'd even spoken to them. It left a profound mark on him, and afterward, he found it difficult to think of any man or woman of Rohan as beautiful or majestic again. Gamling preferred the elves to pass unseen. He did not think he could endure the sight of them time and time again. Éomer looked out over the carnage on the riverbank in awe. "There must be fifteen orc dead to every one of them." "They fought valiantly," the old warrior replied, and when Gamling spoke those words, all knew no higher praise could be given. "Lord Gamling!" A shout came from a warrior near the treeline. "This one is still alive!" The soldier stood over the body of an elf. Gamling, Théodred and Éomer stepped carefully through the carnage to join him, Éomer trailing behind his cousin and the elder warrior. As they neared the trees Éomer realized there was something odd about the elf that lay at the base of the tall oak. It took him a moment to figure out what that 'something' was. "It's a woman," Éomer sputtered in surprise, not knowing the proper word for a female elf. She lay flat on her back, her fingers still wrapped around the hilt of a sword. "She has a sword." It was only after the words escaped him that he realized how absurd they sounded. Everyone could clearly see the blade clutched in her hand. "Step back," Gamling ordered the warrior, who obeyed without question. Gamling knelt down beside the elf whose breaths came in shallow gasps. Her eyes were open slightly but unfocused. Gamling pulled back the cloak that covered the elf's wound. She was pierced below the heart. There was nothing anyone could do. "The wound is mortal," he spoke over his shoulder to Théodred and whoever else was listening. "We can do nothing." Gamling laid a comforting hand on the elf's forehead. Her eyelids fluttered at the contact and she seemed to focus on his face. The handful of warriors that accompanied Théodred and Éomer on this journey turned curious eyes on the creature lying at the base of the tree. Like Éomer, none of them had seen an elf before, nor watched an immortal die. It was then that the elf woman lifted her free hand and pointed weakly away into the canopy. "Riel nin," she choked, blood dripping down the side of her mouth as she formed the words. "What did she say?" Éomer took a step closer. Was it not proper to listen to the last words of the dying? Was that not what his father had taught him? Théodred shook his head. "I don't know." The Prince had seen death before, more times than he cared to count, but like the others, he knew this death was different. Such an end was not right for a being that could live forever. Gamling brushed the elf woman's hair from her eyes. It pained him that in these last moments he could not offer her any words of comfort. "We cannot understand you," he whispered softly. The elf tried once more, forcing the air from her wet lungs, her voice pleading, "Riel nin." She lifted her arm again with the last ounce of strength in her body. This time the arm held steady and pointed up and across to the crown of a neighboring tree. Éomer followed the line of the elf's arm before it fell back against her chest and she released her final breath. He moved to the foot of the tree she'd pointed out. There was a low branch. If he jumped he could reach it. Without thought or fear he grabbed hold and pulled himself up. Using the branch as a seat, he peered up into the tree canopy. There was something up there, curled tightly against the truck of the tree. "Gamling, there is someone in the tree," Éomer called down. "What do you see?" Théodred stood directly below him, his sword drawn. Éomer may have never seen an elf before but there was no mistaking one of these…"It's a child," Éomer answered, and maneuvering to his feet, he climbed slowly upward to reach the youngster. When his chest was level with the child he reached out a tentative hand. It looked no more than three or four years old by the measure of men, its face shielded by golden hair. His hand made contact and the child jerked away from him and huddled closer to the trunk. Éomer didn't know what to do. He didn't speak the elf language and he had no wish to frighten the child further. He spoke softly, as he did to Éowyn when she woke with nightmares, hoping that the sound of his voice would calm its fears. "Do not fear. I won't hurt you. We must climb down now." He placed a hand on the child's back, only this time it did not flinch at the contact. Éomer studied the child closely; it wore what looked to him to be a dress in a similar fashion to the woman below. A girl elf? He pulled the child toward him and when he lifted her into his arms, she instinctively wrapped hers around his neck. Éomer was thankful for small favors. It was dangerous enough climbing down with a child in his arms, he did