Hello to you all, I am very happy to be starting this. Basically the Quell twist this year is that every district will have its own games before the two victors from each district compete in a final games to find the one victor. This story is dedicated to the District One tributes and there will be another story posted for the District Two once this is finished etc. Now I haven't received everyone so if you are interested PM me and I will tell you available spots. The idea of this is that the Games are going to be starting earlier in the year, each month starting in January there is a Games, with the final Games happening after District Twelve's. This is a very big project, but I look forward to doing this. Now I haven't done this format in a long time, but this story will be written in third person and alternating POV's. I haven't written in the third person in a while so I apologise in advance if it isn't the most amazing writing xD I chose to do this format partly because I have done it before and I enjoyed it, but also because I was inspired by a great story called Showdown: No holding back by Anla'shok. Seriously go check it out! ;) There should be a blog going up sometime once I receive all the tribute so I'll let you know when that appears. I don't mean this to sound harsh, but to those that have a tribute, for me to know if you are reading please review. Otherwise it's only fair to those who do review that their tribute survives longer. I hope you all enjoy the first reaping, if you could leave a review. I'd definitely appreciate it! Anyway these tributes belong to Blue Eyes Arch Angel and ImmyRose. ENJOY! ;) Lock Arakora Skull, 17 years old He was perched up against the left wall of his house, contemplating today. This year, the Games were very different and Lock was intrigued; should he volunteer? Did he dare face twenty three other Careers? A long whip of wind lashed at his face, causing tears to erupt and trickle down his pale cheeks. His blonde hair was tangled by the breeze as it tore at his traditionally brushed hair. He knew himself as an outsider; his intelligence was beyond anything the other Careers at the centre were used to. Lock was different; his thoughts were often plagued with loneliness at being something he didn't know whether or not he should be. Books were his one way of getting out of what he believed others pushed upon him; he could handle himself all too well since you didn't have to be an idiot to have muscle. The past dozen or so years of his life had been filled with literature; something that had been forced upon him by the two people he called his parents. They were loving people, but were struck down with an addiction for the printed word. Their path in life was stuck in his brain, he relished enjoying what was in black text but he longed to slash at the restraints on his life and be something different. With Angelo, he could be himself. The cool wind subsided and a boy with a warm smile, rosy cheeks and curled brown hair ran to his side and linked his arm with Lock's. "Odd, huh? These Games, they're going to be big." The year had only just begun and instead of waiting for the flowers to blossom indicating spring, the Games had to start this month. District One was up first. Angelo was a kind soul but shy in the face of strangers, Lock couldn't help but love this feature of him. He felt like a protector, a loving protector of someone he cared deeply for. Angelo was his, he didn't care whether or not people accepted him for liking Angelo, this precious boy with the brownest of all hair was someone he could love and would love forever. "The Games this year are going to be difficult, simple fact. This month, twenty four from One will battle it out and there will be blood spilt - plenty of it." Angelo curled a lock of his hair round his finger, his pink lips forming a cute smile. His finger poked Lock on his cheek; the older boy was amused but hid this under a mask of indifference. "So serious." The older boy felt hot in his cheeks, the red earned him a laugh from Angelo. He would punch him, but the younger boy was delicate. He pained to see him hurt. The sun peeked over the clouds that had overtaken the sky, birds singing songs to one another flew through the air and into the trees on the edge of this neighbourhood. Lock lived in a fairly ordinary house in comparison to most people from District One. His parents saved enough to carry on decent lives without the judgment of others. Opinion mattered to Lock's mother and father; they would not be undermined by those bathing in their riches. Lock sighed; today was going to be difficult. He didn't know what to do. Meaghan Paar, 16 years old Her smile was evident as she laughed alongside the two girls giggling to the one at the front. His hair was a mop of golden curls, his face lightened with the smile that curled higher and higher into his cheeks. "Come on girls don't die on me, I need your laughter." The boy was busy telling jokes to the three girls who were willing to listen when he asked. The ginger one with freckles dotting her cheeks and nose seemed to be enticed by the words that fell from his lips. Her eyes were stuck on his, she seemed entranced. The other girl had a messy crop of hair that was dyed completely black, a tattoo of some kind of mythical being traced alongside the back of her neck. Her eyes lacked what the ginger girl was showing; she seemed bored but nevertheless willing to smile for him. Meaghan with her light red hair and a single stud in her nose to make herself bold among the ditzy, bubbly idiots that strutted about with their air of misguided arrogance, was busy pretending to enjoy this abysmal show. This girl was used to putting on a fake smile and allowing those around her to believe they were special and wanted. Meaghan's lips curled into a smirk laced with a certain evil to them. A sword the length of her arm popped into her mind, as sharp as the blades of old. Her giggle wasn't for the joke that erupted from this guy's mouth, it was for the blood that poured from his chest as she imagined cutting into him. She couldn't hide the disappointment in her expression when she realized it wasn't happening in reality. "Meaghan, I am glad you are enjoying this!" Her eyes shifted from a state of psychosis to that of fake glee. "Yes, very much Anton. Again again!" Part of her act was overexcitement. Everything to what she presented to people had to be finalized with a good old jump in the air, maybe a high five here and there. To compliment the giggles she hopped from her seat on the grass and giggled as she fell back down. In her head she thought up ways of getting revenge on Anton for forcing her into this torture. How hard would it be to explain a very unfortunate impaling? Decapitation? Probably a bit tricky. No matter, Meaghan was prepared to come up with some scheme to make this boy feel sorry. All those who had encountered her wrath stayed well away, never interrupting her ever again or telling those she was lying to about what she really was like. She enjoyed this system of fear, no one crossed her twice. Anton and the other two girls were disappointing. Neither ever bothered to train for a victory most kids died to acquire. This year maybe it was a bit off putting, after all chances are in an Arena full of careers of roughly equal level you were going to die. Meaghan smiled at the thought of competition; her competitive side was something many witnessed if they watched her train without that fake smile on her face. If the odds were worse this year Meaghan couldn't resist. Her smile was as evident as the hypnosis in ginger's eyes. Anton's jokes started to seem a bit funnier. Lock Arakora Skull, 17 years old Hezekiah should be here, the group had never been the same since she left them to whatever happened after death. Lock liked to think that there was a better place for those who perished and fell from existence. Everyone likes to think of something in the future after death, something that they can cling to so when their death finally does arrive it doesn't scare them. Last year was odd. No female volunteer took the place of Hezekiah. She was always different in the eyes of the career girls, she favoured books which Lock admired, she was a strong minded young girl but loved to care for the youth among the District. She didn't deserve to die. Lock's eyes fell upon his friends on the opposite side of the room. Their faces were bright but something was missing from their eyes, a spark that used to be there when Hezekiah was around to guide them. The four of them were hunched around an open fire, the room was poorly lit so the light emitting from the dancing flames helped to at least make things slightly more visible. Angelo was out of his shell around his friends, Lock had his fingers intertwined with his. The two were in love and the other two didn't care whatsoever. Love who you want to love, you shouldn't be dictated when it comes to the heart. "Today as we all know is the reaping. We don't gather together to read books on the reaping day. I have called us all together to spare a moment of thought for the late Hezekiah." Braxton Prince said. He was a lovely guy who deeply craved for Hezekiah's presence. The four of them carried on the book club she started in memory of her, Braxton the new leader seemed content with his position of leader but he looked uncomfortable sitting in her chair. "Last year Hezekiah, a good friend of ours was reaped into the Hunger Games and the girls who were planning on volunteering didn't. Why? Because they wanted Hezekiah, the girl who was different to them to be in the Games. Disgusting behavior we all know, but one thing they didn't count for was Hezekiah putting up a good fight. The final three was where our friend fell and we honour her memory today." Braxton paused to look around at his friend's faces. Lock caught his eye and nodded his head. Lock knew that Braxton was intimidated slightly by his appearance, he was so much bigger than the other boy, to top it all off he wore odd clothes. Angelo loved him for it, but around the District and even in this room he received looks of curiosity. His black clothes were sacred to him and he wouldn't change. Angelo admired this courage to be himself; he'd never disappoint the boy by changing to fit the stereotypical District. Lock straightened his back and cleared his throat. Angelo, Braxton and Varsity all looked to him with clear expressions. He was required to say a few words, it hadn't been ordered upon him but it felt right. "Hezekiah was one of us. A girl who didn't care for how different she seemed in the face of the others who roam the District hunting glory. Her care for the young was admirable, and the way she remained focused despite the insults