Authors note: Hey guys Grey Fox here, this is indeed my first Fanfiction. But this chapter is also a rewrite to the original chapter 1 as the chapter was utter crap and I'm sorry about that. Yes, if you're wondering, I'll be editing all chapters except chapter 5 but I'm working closely with an amazing author, DeathGuardian. He's assisting me to fix all my previous mistakes and portray everyone more realistic. Again I apologize for the hiatus but these chapters are going to be so much better I hope you don't even care about the hiatus. Anyways onto the brand new chapter 1! Chapter 1 3rd person POV The night was beautiful, stars were out and amazingly clear to see, the forest was quiet except for the sounds of crickets chirping throughout the area. Lightning bugs glowed and shined brightly throughout the area. Truly it was a beautiful mesmerizing sight. A dragonfly flew through the air over the head of a young girl. The girl was around 12 years of age, she was around 4' 11", she had long luscious auburn hair down to her mid back which was currently in a ponytail, she had a stunning pair of silver eyes. She had on a silver windbreaker and a hunter's garb, a quiver of arrows strapped to her back, a silver bow in hand with an arrow notched. Behind her was a group of girl of various ages from 10-17 years of age and various looks. All of them were wearing the same silver outfit as the first girl, the only difference being the auburn haired girl glowed with a power far beyond her age. Her eyes held untold stories and secrets and shined with ancient wisdom. The group had 16 girls in it and all of them trekked through the woods towards their destination. 'Westover Hall.' The auburn haired girl thought. That was their destination, where they wanted to go. "Lady Artemis, why do we need to go to Camp after this mission?" A girl that looked around 17 asked the Auburn haired girl. The 17 year old was beautiful, she had coppery skin, silky black hair and volcanic black eyes that pierced to the very soul like Artemis, she had a slightly upturned nose, a silver circlet on her head, showing a level of authority. She wore the same outfit as Artemis and she looked like a Persian princess. "Because Zoe, I need to go on a solo hunt so I need you girls to stay there and wait for me." Artemis said to her, the girl Zoe huffed in annoyance. "Don't give me that Zoe. You need to stay here for your safety. Besides I need you to train our new hunter Sophia, shes only been with us for a month." Artemis said and the hunter Zoe's annoyance grew. "But milady all those males there, it's no place for us hunters. Their disgusting what with their smell, arrogance, pride I hate them." Zoe spat bitterly and Artemis looked at her with a prideful look, proud of the man hater Zoe had become. "We all hate them Zoe and if I could I'd take you to my palace but you know Zeus won't allow it unless I'm there." Artemis said like a mother talking to her child. In a sense Zoe was like Artemis adopted daughter and Artemis treated her as such but was firm and disciplinary. "Fine milady but please hurry back." Zoe said obviously exasperated. The two girls continued conversing till they reached the the center of the forest surrounding Westovers school borders. But they had attracted company with them, the Minotaur and a group of dracene archers had snuck up on the hunters while they weren't paying attention. The Minotaur roared loudly surprising the hunters, who turned around bows drawn and ready. They fired arrows at the Minotaur not expecting it to be smart enough to block all of them, but it blocked all of them and charged angrily at the hunters who dodged desperate to get out of the way. But the newest hunter Sophia wasn't fast enough to dodge and she stood there staring in fear. "SOPHIA NO!" Artemis screamed when suddenly a figure tackled Sophia out of the way of the Minotaur. He then immediately got off her and helped her up getting into a battle ready position. He was a short boy at 5' 5", he looked to be around the age of 14. He wasn't well built, he was wiry and toned nicely, he was wearing red shorts with black bones on them. He had a tight black shirt on which showed off his physique, he had on a pair of red and black DC shoes and had his hair gelled up spikey. His hair was a deep brown as were his eyes, like chocolate, they were mesmerizing. His jaw was defined nicely and his eyes were a little deep set in his skull so that if he tilted his head down slightly it'd make him look angry. But his eyes had dark circles under them ruining his image, they also were red rimmed and bloodshot, full of mashed emotions that had untold sadness and pain. He stared down the Minotaur unflinching, he was either really brave or really stupid, Artemis and the hunters of course guessed the latter. But none of those were the reason, the real reason was the boy had nothing left to lose. He had no reason to live, so he fought like a demon ready to die. "Hey beefy crunch burrito, lets get this done." The boy said, and charged the Minotaur, who was the surprised by his determination. The boy slashed at the Minotaur with his sword while jabbing with the other, the Minotaur desperately blocked with his omega ax and brought the ax down in a powerful slash which the boy dodged. "Come on, stop trying to hit me and hit me." The boy mocked and the Minotaur charged with his head down towards the boy. The boy dodged but slashed off the Minotaurs horns. The Minotaur slammed into a tree falling backward onto it's back, dazed and confused. The boy ran quickly but as he came in close the Minotaur grabbed him and flung him against a tree, the boy cried out in pain as his body collided with wood fracturing bones and ripping his skin. The Minotaur went to charge the boy but he pulled out two jet black desert eagles and fired bullets at the Minotaur. It didn't kill it as the bullets were obviously mortal steel but it knocked it back away from him. He stood up only to get shot in the arm with an arrow, the hunters looked at their own ranks but realized it was the dracene archers. "HUNTERS ATTACK THE ARCHERS!" Artemis shouted and arrows rained down on the archers. The boy couldn't move or feel his left arm because of the arrow, he ripped the arrow out and readied his single sword in his right hand the other sword in the dirt. He charged the Minotaur who charged back, the boy running top speed as was the Minotaur but just as they reached each other the boy baseball slid between the Minotaur legs and jumped onto it's back stabbing his sword completely through it, out of his chest. The Minotaur roared and exploded into dust and just as the hunters dispatched the last of the archers. "You girls ok?" The boy asked concerned only for Phoebe to interject before Artemis could speak. "We're fine boy, now who are you?" She asked glaring at him. "My name is Timothy Fox Greyson but I go by Fox. Who are you?" Fox asked politely sticking his hand out for a handshake with a kind smile. Phoebe ignored his hand. "I'm Phoebe daughter of Ares, hunter of Artemis." She said proudly and to her surprise he saluted her. "It is an honor to meet a hunter of Artemis, may I speak with her?" He asked turning very polite. Artemis nodded and walked over to him. "Hello boy, what do you wish to say?" Artemis asked and Fox didn't meet her eyes but stared at her feet as he kneeled. "I'd like to apologize for touching your hunter and I'm pleased to make your acquaintance please take these as a peace offering Milady." Fox said and picked up the Minotaur horns and the omega ax and offered them to Artemis. To say Artemis and her hunters were surprised at his polite and respectful manner would be an understatement. "Why do you kneel and give me such gifts boy?" Artemis asked her voice held no malice just curiosity. The boy wet his lips, a sign that he was nervous, and said. "You are Lady Artemis, Goddess of the Moon, Hunt, Virginity, and Childbirth and while I have nothing left to lose if I die, I still have one thing I need to do before I die. Your reputation as a Goddess cruel to men and boys precedes you and so I worry for my life." Fox said with the utmost respect and Artemis actually thought this boy might be slightly different but was offended by his statement of her being a cruel Goddess, though it was true. "Who's your Godly parent?" She asked him and he took a breath. "I have no Godly parent, I'm a Mortal." Fox said and Artemis froze. A mortal? Able to do all these things? A mortal shouldn't be able to kill monsters with their weapons. "Let me see your weapons now boy." Artemis said holding out her hand, saying it in a way that left no room for argument. "Promise to give them back Milady? They hold a lot of sentimental to me." Fox said not looking Artemis in the eyes and playing with his hands. Artemis raised an eyebrow at this but nodded and Fox unclipped his swords and guns from his body and handed them to Artemis. She pulled the swords from the sheaths and gasped when she saw them. They were made from celestial bronze one of the only metals able to kill monsters, they were some of the most beautiful blades she had ever seen, they had incredibly intricate silver vine design up the sides of the blades the handles were wrapped in a soft comfortable cord that was easy to hold, the blades were perfectly balanced and she couldn't help but admire the blades. They were a Japanese design, 'Katana?' She thought to herself. The sheaths were a simple black wood crossed like an X when on his back. They were easy to reach and didn't get in the way. She slide them back into the sheaths and hand the swords back to Fox and began examine the guns. They weren't as intricate and were obviously purchased as the bullets were mere mortal steel, the guns were simple, pitch black with two toned paint so that the edges of the guns were a beautiful chrome. They had 5 clips each and weren't much good for monsters but did just fine with mortals and demigods. The actual belt had several pockets which Artemis noticed held smoke bombs, and black powder explosives. Artemis handed the guns back to Fox as well. "Thank you milady, may I request something of you?" Fox asked and Artemis narrowed her eyes before skeptically nodding her head. "I'd like to go to camp half-blood if possible." He said and Artemis was shocked, his request was simple nothing serious or anything, she simply wondered how he knew the camp existed honestly, but unfortunately it wasn't possible for him to go there. "You said you are mortal? Where did you find out about camp half-blood?" Artemis asked. "Yes I'm mortal, my girlfriend she was... She was a demigod." He said sadness sneaking into his voice when he mentioned his girlfriend, but Artemis ignored it for now. "Than unfortunately you can't get through the camp borders no matter what