Chapter 1 " They've all got the same heartbeat but hers is falling behind Nothing in this world could ever bring them down Yeah, they're invincible " – Cool Kids, Echosmith "I can't believe this," Thalia mutters. Percy tries for a smile. "At least we're not going to prison?" "As if that's going to do anything for the crapstorm the media is going to whirl up tomorrow," Nico tells him matter-of-factly. "That's not necessarily my fault." Thalia glares at him half-heartedly. She still looks menacing but there's no effort in it – she's just as tired as he is. Normally this time they'd be asleep. Or doing press. Or whatever. Point is, today they should be asleep, and it'd be the first spot of sleep any of them would have gotten in the last 48 hours. Percy has been running on cheap motel coffee and Twix bars for the past day or so and he's about ready to collapse. Maybe that's what caused him to shoplift. His ADHD always gets particularly antsy when he's tired. The police should take that into account. Mitigating circumstances, or whatever. He digresses. "Could've fooled me." Thalia sighs and leans her head back against the wall, closing her eyes. "You're so stupid, I can't believe you did this." "I didn't think I'd get arrested !" "What about stealing an album and then punching the storeowner in the face when he catches you sounds even slightly legal?" "It was our album!" "That's even worse," Nico says. "You literally have the entire album saved on your computer. In Logic Pro form. You could have just emailed it to your mom!" "I wanted her to have the physical thing!" "So you decided to steal it?" Thalia demanded. Look, okay. Percy realises in hindsight that stealing an album was probably not the best way to go about things. But in his defense, it's not as if he had much of a choice. And he didn't think it was illegal. Of course, he knew that stealing was against the law, but it was their album. By default Percy thinks he has complete ownership over it, meaning that if he wants to take it without handing over any money he has the right to do so. Twelve dollars is really not that much money compared to the amount of blood, sweat and tears that went into writing, recording and producing the album. In fact, Target should be thanking him. It was their album that brought in customers, after all. Anyway. As it all turns out, he was wrong. And Percy knows this because the three of them are now locked in a holding cell. "I still don't quite understand why you also had to rope us into this," Thalia mutters. "To be fair," Nico says, "we did agree." "Whose side are you on, di'Angelo?" Nico rolls his eyes. "Look, Thals. Percy messed up and now we all have to pay the price. You've got to get over it." Thalia sighs. "Mr D is going to have our heads." "If he didn't want me to steal the CD he should have just given it to me when I asked," Percy mutters sulkily. "In all honesty." "You should have known that stealing was wrong in the first place," Thalia points out. "Oh, I did. I'm not daft. I just thought– you know. There'd be some exceptions. Like, maybe there would be, I dunno, some special circumstances that would mean that it's not illegal to steal something that you put in stores." Thalia's eye twitches. "It's kind of common sense." Her voice is tight. She sounds stretched-out and peeved, which Percy reasons with, because the rockstar life is no easy feat and they are only nineteen, after all. And he's not going to lie – he knows that this is a much, much bigger deal then what he's making it out to be. When you're famous, getting arrested is no small deal, especially when your whole band manages to get arrested at once (Percy doubts that's ever happened before – what will the headlines be? Threesome In Prison? That kind of rhymes, right?) but he's so jetlagged and tired that at this point everything just seems kind of hysterically funny. Thalia probably thinks otherwise. She's not very laughable when she's tired. She just kind of snaps at everyone. It's probably why she's so hacked up about this whole thing. "Leave him alone, T," Nico says. "It's not his fault he's got the brain capacity of a toaster." Percy lets out an affronted squeaky noise. "Excuse you !" "With all due respect, of course." Thalia rolls her eyes. Percy is still very deeply wounded. "Do you know what time we're getting out?" she asks. Nico shrugs. "The police person didn't say anything." Thalia sighs again, and for the first time Percy notices that the black smudges under her eyes aren't just smeared eyeliner. Out of everyone he thinks the celebrity lifestyle has taken its toll heaviest on her, and suddenly he feels awful. "They'll probably keep us here overnight and release us in the morning, then." Nico stares at her. " What ?" Thalia rolls her eyes. "Are you now beginning to realise how sucky this is?" Nico's voice becomes squeaky. "Overnight? But– we were meant to be sleeping in a bed tonight!" "Yes, well, Percy probably should have thought of that before he dragged us to Target and stole our own album and then punched the security guard in the face when he confronted us." Percy frowns. "It was an accident," he mutters sulkily. He does feel bad, though. Really. For the past three months they've been on tour, and when you're on tour the only sleep you get is a three-hour power nap in a cramped bunk. The last time they slept in a proper bed was last week. If Percy hadn't gotten them arrested they probably would have had a bed to sleep on. Especially since they're in Portland. Portland always has really great hotels. Percy doubts they would have even had to share, and that makes his heart hurt a little. When funds are low and hiring out a couple extra rooms is just too much they often shove all three of them in the same room, which more often than not is a couple's suite with a double bed ("it costs less if they think there's only two of you up there," Hermes had explained. "And you're all skinny, you can fit in one bed."). The thought that Percy has to give up sleeping in his own bed because of his stupidity really makes sad. "I'm sorry," he says. Thalia sighs again, but this time it's more defeat than irritation now, and she pushes herself off her bench and plops down on the ground next to him. Nico wriggles in on his other side and puts his head on his shoulder. It's all bones and too-long limbs and they're sitting on the floor of a prison cell, for goodness sake, but the sentiment is nice and Percy kind of loves them. "It's okay," Thalia says. "Just– next time you want to go outside check it's legal, all right?" "I'm not three years old." Nico snorts. "I'd beg to differ." "Shut up, your face is stupid." "You're stupid." "You're stupider." "You're the stupidest." "Will you both please shut the hell up?" Okay, so. Background is probably necessary. Percy hadn't ever imagined getting big. He hadn't even ever imagined he'd form a band, least of all with his cousins . Up until he was around fourteen, he had only talked to both of them a handful of times. That was, however, until something like fate or destiny or the god of physics had sent all three push pins all their dads had thrown at a map of the US to Virginia, where they were going to send all their kids because they were lousy excuses for dads who had gallons of money and secretaries who could research good boarding schools. (The family situation is a bit funny. Percy's not going to go into it, because it's, well, a little complex, but long story short everyone hated each other because of some long tragic backstory involving Thalia's mom, a long-lost brother, a couple of step-siblings they had no idea existed and maybe thirty grandparents who were in some way related to them through a horribly messy bloodline, but that's another story.) Anyway. Percy had been playing guitar since he was nine. When they met at boarding school, Thalia had taken an interest in music so Percy had tried to teach her how to play, but they were two hyperactive teenagers with ADHD and so obviously it nosedived almost immediately. Percy had then shown her the bass guitar, because she liked death metal and heavy punk-rock music and destroying dreams. She took to it like duck to water and somehow applied everything Percy had taught her about the acoustic to the bass. Nico... well. No one's really sure how he started on the drums. Percy reckons it's because he had always liked tapping on things ("I used to bang on the coffins at Dad's company," Nico tells them confidently, as if the fact that Hades let him tap out Mary Had A Little Lamb on the boxes containing dead people was a fantastic thing) but one day Percy had walked into the music room to find him doing the American Idiot drum solo on the school drum set and from there they had found out they were cousins and became pretty solid mates. It's a little odd. Whenever an interviewer asks them how they started they all just say that they met because they were cousins. They don't say anything about how they were all accidentally sent to the same place and had a Parent Trap-esque revelation that they were all related because that's just– confusing. For everyone. Eventually, they ended up posting covers on YouTube. Percy absolutely hates watching them back because they're absolutely terrible (oh god what even was his hair who told him that he could do the emo fringe ) and they make him want to throw himself off a building, but they must have been enough because one day someone somehow took a look at their measly little channel and thought, huh, I could make something out of these kids. And here they are. Four years later. A band. All currently locked in a holding cell. Whatever. (He doesn't like to dwell on the negatives.) It's been a pretty sick ride, as far as fame and nosy paparazzi go. They've put out a few albums, won a couple of awards, and they haven't even turned twenty yet. Which is both a positive and a negative, because that means every time they do something stupid they can blame it on the "crazy teenage mindset" but also a bit of a bummer because they can't legally drink yet. Not that he was ever considering it or anything, but after this certain escapade he thinks he's going to respect the law a bit more now. It does make post-award show celebrations a little funny, though. Most people drink champagne or hit the clubs and get drunk off their arses. Not them. They sit in whatever hotel room they've hired out for that night and eat yoghurt. It's nice to know that after all this time they're still them , though. Eating yoghurt as a celebration had been something they had introduced while they were still at boarding school. They weren't allowed food in the dorms (which Percy realises should have not stopped them as much as it did, because another no-no was boys and girls in each other's dorms and, well) and because everything else was too bulky to sneak upstairs they would cram yoghurt pots from the cafeteria down their jumpers ("I don't have pockets in my shirt like you guys, of course I'm gonna shove them in my bra, stop