A/N hey guys! how are you all today are you well i sure hope so this story is vv special to me because i've been working on it since about February? which just shows how much of a pain in the butt writer's block is because considering it's been around six months this isn't even that long but oh well i do hope you enjoy it because let me tell you when i had inspiration for this story it was excellent fun to write (also real quick i just want to say a very very very big thank you to the guest reviewer 'allineedisabook' for being possibly the nicest sweetest person alive i love you so much and your wonderful review on long live actually got me off my butt to write this so thank you again xxxx) for everyone who is awaiting my next multichapter fic i can announce it shall be coming out earliest september so stay tuned woot title is from why by sabrina carpenter (what a bop honestly) and has nothing to do with the story but the song itself kinda does so that's my excuse to be pretentious i hope you enjoy and please tell me what you thought! you like new york city in the daytime Five minutes into Greek History, Annabeth gets an elbow to the ribs. It's Lacey Greene, with the braces and pigtails. Annabeth hasn't ever really spoken to Lacey Greene before, aside from the occasional, "can I borrow a pen?" or something along those lines, so she really doesn't know why she's talking to her until she catches sight of the tightly folded paper in her hands. "This is for you," Lacey whispers. Annabeth eyes it suspiciously. "Who's it from?" "I don't know." "Miss Chase, Miss Greene?" Mr Kennedy asks boredly. "Is there a problem?" Annabeth straightens. "Not at all, sir." "Good." He turns back to the board. Annabeth looks back at Lacey. "Well, who passed it to you?" "Travis Stoll. He said it's not from him." "Last chance, girls," Mr Kennedy calls from the front of the room, without turning around. "If I catch you talking again I'll have you both out kicked out of my class." Annabeth scowls at his back. Lacey watches her anxiously. "Do you want it?" Annabeth glances around, just to make sure Mr Kennedy isn't watching, and then nods. "Pass it here." Lacey quickly reaches out and Annabeth's hand meets her halfway. Just in time, too, because just as her arm sneaks back under her desk it Mr Kennedy turns back around to face the class. She unfolds it. MEET ME BEHIND THE BIKE SHED AFTER SCHOOL I NEED U TO BE MY GIRLFRIEND ILL EXPLAIN LATER - PERCY And. Well. She's certainly not expecting that . She lets out a shocked kind of laugh, and looks up, searching him out. He's sat on the other side of the classroom, wearing a blue sweatshirt and a pair of faded blue jeans, and when he notices her staring at him he offers her an awkward smile and the most uncomfortable thumbs-up she's ever seen. She's never been so confused. See. Here's the thing. Annabeth knows who Percy is. Of course of she does, he's been in her homeroom since the beginning of high school, and also he's been the culprit behind many of the infamous pranks on the head (rumour has it he and the Stoll brothers had been the ones to duct-tape Mr D's car two years back, and while it was never confirmed they've been considered royalty ever since). And sure, she's even spoken to him a couple times (really insightful things, like "Move, scumbag" and "What the hell was a dead fish doing inside my locker, Jackson?"). However. They are not what you would consider friends. Quite the opposite, actually. They're not enemies, because Annabeth is very above having enemies, but she supposes you could call them friendly rivals. Maybe minus, you know, the friendly. And it's perfectly justifiable, too, just so you know. They had attended the same middle school and they had been perfectly civil acquaintances back then (in fact, Annabeth had actually gone around to his house once – albeit, for a school project, but it still counts), and then when high school hit and the grand finale of hormones and teenagehood was just beginning to take the stage, something happened. And Annabeth became the butt of all his pranks. And. Well. She wasn't having any of it. They've definitely calmed down, the pranks. Annabeth has made it quite clear that she won't stand for pranks, something Percy had clearly not realised when he decided it would be funny to fill her schoolbag with sawdust and stick pictures of her face pasted on top of a Playboy model's naked body all over the school. She got the last laugh on that, anyway, because sometimes being a nerd is a good thing, and with a little chromatography and the borrowing ( borrowing , mind) of one of Percy's felt-tips she could very efficiently prove it was him and he ended up getting excluded for a week. (He then returned and stuck an entire pack of gum in a line across her hair during Geography, meaning she had to lop half of it off, and, well. Annabeth walked in with her curls above her shoulders and with her head held high. She refused to be humiliated. Besides, she had needed a haircut anyway.) They've stopped being so bad. After the nude picture scandal when Percy first realised that Annabeth could fight back just as dirty, he doesn't dare doing anything to that scale again, but it doesn't mean they've stopped completely. Just the other day he had lent her a pen filled with ink that dissolves after twelve hours, and Annabeth had been mortified when her teacher had given her an F because when she went to check Annabeth's test it had been completely blank. Anyway. Point is, Annabeth has a perfectly legitimate reason why Percy Jackson is not her favourite person on the planet. And now he's asking if she can be his girlfriend. You can understand why she's more than a little surprised. She gives him a look that she hopes conveys exactly how she's feeling, but all he does is mouth back, after school. She slumps back in her seat, defeated, and then looks back at the note. Well. Guess she has to wait. Percy is late. To his own meeting. That he organised himself. Honestly. Annabeth leans against one of the bike stands, sliding the note out of her pocket. She's been fiddling with it all day – it's just beyond boggling, and she has yet to make sense of it. Like. Think about it. This is Percy . Who had once willingly gone through her entire backpack and wrapped every single item inside it in tinfoil. And he just– randomly sent her a note in the middle of History asking if she could be his girlfriend. He didn't even say it very politely. It was more of a demand than a question. Annabeth reckons he could have been much more tactful about it. This is her Instagram status he's taking here. The least he could have done was be respectful and courteous about the whole situation. Sighing, she looks at the note again. Girlfriend . They haven't even gone on a date yet. Asking if she wanted to be his girlfriend is like asking a med student to perform a brain surgery. She just simply isn't ready for a relationship at the moment. Finally, Annabeth hears leaves crunching and then a rather dishevelled-looking Percy appears around the corner. His eyes land on her and his whole face lights up. "Annabeth!" he breathes, obviously very relieved. "I wasn't sure you'd actually come." "I can say the same for you," she says. "You're fifteen minutes late." "I had a detention." "Right." He patters towards her, choosing the bike stand right next to the one she's leaning against to perch on. He tucks his foot behind the pole and twists his sleeves in his hands. "So," he says. "I suppose you're slightly curious about– well. The note." "That's one way to put it, yes." "First off – are you game?" "For being your girlfriend?" "Yeah." "I'm going to need to know a little background before I decide anything." "Ah, right." He nods. "The reason why." She waits patiently. He sighs and looks up at the sky. It's still crisp from the winter, so they're both wearing coats and gloves, but the sky is clear and he has to squint to avoid the sun in his eyes. "My cousin has a wedding," he says. "Next week. And she invited my mom and I to go, right? But she says that I'm allowed to bring a date. And obviously, my mom was like, 'oh, Percy, you should bring a date!' And because I'm, you know, not dating at the moment, I was like, 'I'm not dating anyone'. And she was like 'I'm sure that's not true' and I said 'it kind of is' and then she just gave me this– mom look, you know, the one that you can't really argue against, and I knew she was going to keep bugging me about it so I just– blurted out your name." Annabeth blinks. "So now I have to be your girlfriend." "That would be ever so excellent, yes." "But– I don't like you." "See, I realised that, because I don't like you either. And I considered telling my mom right before the wedding that we had broken up but I knew she wouldn't believe me, would just think I'm trying to get out of it." "Which you are." "Which I am. And that brings us here." "With me as your potential girlfriend even though we don't like each other." "I'm glad we're on the same page." Annabeth pushes herself off the bike stand and runs her hands through her hair. It's pulled back in a ponytail but she has a whole chunk that's too short to fit in so it hangs in front of her face like a very awkward fringe. She stares up at the sky. "This is ridiculous," she says to no one in particular. Percy watches her tentatively. "Is– that a yes?" "Oh, I don't know," she says. "This is all just very confusing. Yesterday you put rotten eggs in my book bag and today you're asking if I want to be your girlfriend and honestly I'm feeling extremely conflicted right now." Percy shoves his hands in his coat pockets and sighs. His breath clouds in the winter air and Annabeth watches as it dissolves into the sky like stardust. "I'm just desperate," he says. "You also hate me." "I don't– hate you." "You sound horribly unconvinced." He sighs. "I don't, honest. Just– sometimes you happen to get on my nerves." Annabeth blinks in disbelief. " I get on your nerves? I'm sorry –" "Annabeth." Percy gives her a tired look. It's the first time he hasn't pushed the argument, hasn't pushed Annabeth . Normally he does. He likes to see how far he can string her out until she snaps and retaliates, just as regrettably nasty as him, and then words cut far deeper than any childish pranks ever did and suddenly it's a chase to see who can bring out tears the fastest. The bait was there and he waved it off. He's serious about it this time. Annabeth watches him. "You really need this, don't you?" "Kind of, yeah." There's more to it than just wanting to please his mom. But she doesn't push. Finally, she sighs. "What colour dress do I need?" Percy's head shoots up. He looks at her with wide anxious eyes. "Is that a yes ?" "It's a yes." "Oh my God, thank you so much." He springs up from the bike rest and throws open his arms, like he's about