A/N hey guys! so what is this you may be wondering WELL funny you ask that it's a magic!au no one asked for but is here anyway wooooo for anyone who is new here hello! i hope you all enjoy, and also to all my ispy babes hello again pals are you sick of me yet i hope not because i've got like 10k words of nothing but devastating fluff for you guys that i've worked quite hard on wooooppp (i kid you all not i rewrote this about twelve times? because none of it was GOooodD but now im semi-satisfied with it so hopefully you like it too :DDD) anyway! i really hope you like this because i've worked vv hard on it! title from long live by taylor swift (aka the anthem for literally every book ever) and I hope you like it! enjoy! xx long live all the magic we made So maybe Percy's magic sometimes acts up. It's whatever. It's really not a big deal. Everyone knows he has magic. And magic malfunctions all the time. A while back during Chemistry Thalia Grace accidentally burnt Clovis Pall's eyebrows off, and not a week before that Leo Valdez set Mr Waldron's desk on fire. It happens. It's just a side effect of the magic – sometimes people momentarily lose control of their magic and something happens. It's nothing serious. (And Mr Waldron was fine , thank you very much. 'Third-degree burns' was quite the exaggeration. The fire barely even touched him.) But today Percy's magic is just being difficult. "This isn't funny," he says calmly. "Please return to your correct places." His blanket makes a very rude gesture with one of its corners. Percy does the same back. Across the room, his draws spit out a hoodie. "I have got school in like, ten minutes. I really don't need any of your attitudes right now." Nothing listens to him. Which he supposes is expected, because nothing ever really listens to him, but dammit he's the reason his entire bedroom is prowling the walls like animals in the first place and he refuses to be upstaged by his own magic in the form of his mattress. "Guys," he says, his voice taking on a tone of desperation. "Please." He sees his bookcase begin to skulk back to its place, until his blanket pulls it back. Percy suppresses a growl. He's really had enough of his blanket today. He considers pinning it to the wall so it can't cause any more mischief. He stands there, waiting, for a few more moments, hoping that something will listen to him. But it never happens. It's kind of embarrassing, actually. Like. He's the one who gave all these objects life. It's his magic. They should at least have the decency to respect him. He should have known. Furniture especially always gets a little obnoxious when given too much power. In his pocket, his phone starts to ring. Sighing, he pulls it out, and then smiles when sees that Annabeth is calling him. If anyone can calm him down, it's Annabeth. He takes a long, calming breath as he presses answer. Be nice , he thinks to himself. It's not her fault your bedroom has formed a mutiny. "Where are you?" he demands. Well. Whoopsies. "Good morning to you too." "Annabeth, seriously." "Jeepers, what crawled into your boxers and died? I'm outside your apartment." "You're late." "By like, two minutes. We'll be fine. It's only a ten-minute drive and we've got around half an hour before the bell properly goes." Percy shoulders his schoolbag. "I'll be down in two ticks." "Try shaking your butt a little to dislodge the stick you've shoved up your arse, too." "Oh, push off." "Sorry, sorry. See you soon?" "You got it." Percy disconnects the call, shoving his phone is his pocket. His bedroom is still swarming, but he knows that it'll be useless to try and get them to start acting like furniture again. Instead, he just waggles his finger. "Be good," he warns. As soon as he closes his door there's a crash. He closes his eyes in frustration. He hopes it wasn't anything too expensive. Annabeth is Percy's best friend. They've been best friends for as long as Percy can remember, ever since kindergarten, when Percy was still getting used to his magic and managed to levitate all the toys in the sandpit three feet into the air and Annabeth sat at the colouring table, crayons completely ignored, staring at them, agape. She isn't a Magic, but that's okay. Few people are these days. Percy absolutely adores Annabeth. She's extremely pretty, with curly blonde hair and wide grey eyes, and she has a penchant for wearing green sweaters and eating the apple all the way up to the stalk. They managed to cajole their parents into making them attend the same elementary school, the same middle school, and now the same high school, and in the summer when they leave school they're both going to Sylvester Community College. Annabeth's going to study architecture and Greek history and Percy has made it in on a swimming scholarship, where he's also going to take Magic Studies (it's compulsory for all Magics, but it's so tiresomely boring that he envies everyone who doesn't have to do it to the point where he'll gladly swap his powers for nothing in order to never attend another lesson on the science behind the genetic mutation and how it came about. Ugh.) It's cool. Percy is looking forward to it. He and Annabeth have taken on the world together so far; it only makes sense that he's going to spend the next three or four years with her, too. He takes the stairs two at a time. The lift has broken so he has to sprint down the six flights of stairs to reach the ground floor (why his mom chose to buy an apartment on the seventh floor is beyond him). He bursts out the front door, nodding to the seedy-looking doorman whose name he never learnt, and sees Annabeth sitting in her car, lazily flicking through her phone. "Hey!" he calls. Annabeth looks up and almost chokes. " Whoa , Perce." Percy slides into the front seat next to her. "Look, I'm sorry I'm so late, the lift broke and–" "No, it's not that." Annabeth is staring at his head with wide, scared eyes, as if his eyebrows have grown teeth. "Um. Your hair?" "My hair?" "Your hair." "What about it?" Annabeth stares at him in shock. "You don't know ? Is this another magic malfunction?" Percy's eye twitches. "Know what , Annabeth?" "Sorry to break it to you, Seaweed Brain, but your hair is bright red." Percy gapes at her. " What ?" He scrabbles at the rear-view mirror until it's facing him, ignoring Annabeth's indignant cries of, "Hey, I had just positioned that perfectly!" and gawks at himself. Sure enough, his hair is no longer black – instead, it's a deep crimson. He stares at his reflection in shock and disgust. "What the hell ?" "You didn't do that?" "Of course not!" "I mean." Annabeth tilts her head. "It don't actually look that bad." "Ha ha." "I'm not kidding. Red suits you." "Yeah, yeah." Fondly, Percy rolls his eyes. Annabeth can be a bit of a dork sometimes, but he loves her. "Wait a second, let me just turn it back." Changing the colour of things was one of the first tricks Percy learnt. It's second nature now; he runs his hand through his hair and watches as it goes from bright red to black in a number of seconds. Annabeth always loves watching Percy perform magic – she thinks it's simply wonderful. Sometimes on the way home from school when they're walking he'll pull several daisies out of the ground and make them float around her head, or he'll send a fork flying across the canteen to her just to be extra. Several times he's transported food to her like that, even when she's just across the table, because he loves the way her face changes into pure childlike awe, as if she's a six-year-old watching a clown perform party tricks at a birthday. Annabeth is no different today. When Percy's hair is all black again, she stares at him in wonder. "You're incredible," she says. Percy blushes. "Thanks." "No problem." Annabeth turns her keys in the ignition. "Now, let's start heading off or we really will be late." The car starts pulling down the street, spluttering and wheezing as Annabeth presses down on the gas. Percy watches as gradually the buildings turn into blurs. The red hair was probably just a stress thing. He's accidentally sprouted a tail from nerves before, and besides, he's got a Science test today. That's it. Right? Wrong, apparently. It's lunch, and Percy is sitting at his lunch table trying to do some last minute Chemistry cramming. He's with Annabeth and his friend Leo, a small curly-haired Magic who likes fajitas and occasionally sets things on fire, but he's really paying no mind to either of them (which doesn't mean he's paying attention to his Chemistry, either, in case you were wondering). Annabeth is rambling on about some architecture summer programme her dad has enrolled her into, and Leo is sleepily charming his burger to fly around his head. Percy is only mildly concerned. If he nods off completely he's going to get a faceful of ranch dressing. And then Annabeth takes a sip of her milkshake and says calmly, "Percy, your fries are jumping again." Percy looks down at his lunch tray in surprise. Sure enough, they are. They're both watching him, amused. Leo seems to have woken up a bit, but only marginally (his burger is still dropping dangerously close to his hair), and Annabeth innocently sucks at her shake straw. Percy kind of wants to strangle her. She's trying to suppress a laugh, he just knows it. Okay, look. So sure . It's not the first time Percy's fries have started moving. That happens almost on a daily basis. There have also been several times Percy has been given the stink-eye by Drew Takana's wealthy CEO daddy with the often verbal threat of a sue because his milkshake wouldn't stop jumping around and somehow landed on top of her hair. Listen. It's normal, okay. This happens. But this is the first time they've physically gotten up and started hopping off his plate like an army of soldiers. Percy stares at them in bewilderment. "Hey, where are you going?" He Magics an invisible border around his plate before they can go any further. However, that doesn't seem to deter them at all. A few of them throw themselves onto the ground until they vaguely represent a staircase, and the other fries start hopping up to climb over the border. Leo snorts. Crossly, Percy magics a roof over the border. That effectively stops them from getting any further, but they still hop around, like a wind-up toy that has hit a wall but is hasn't yet reached the end of its clockwork. Annabeth looks like she's trying not to laugh. "What are they doing?" "I have no idea." Percy frowns at them. "I wanted to eat them." "It might have been a conscience thing," Leo says. "Like. Maybe you're feeling a bit sad so you subconsciously started to think of things that were out of your reach and your fries decided to mimic that." It's a liable explanation, Percy supposes, except it's quite rich coming from someone whose food isn't currently bouncing up and down in a box. Percy sadly watches his fries. They did look awfully tasty. "Can't you kill them?" Annabeth asks. "They're not even alive." Annabeth frowns at them. Percy knows that the one thing she doesn't like about magic is how irrational and illogical it is. "It just doesn't make sense," she had said once. "Everything