Hello, hello all you great Fanfiction people! I am Nutsiedreamer, and I am here to give you little remade snippets of the Twilight saga! Hopefully they are good, my re-done characters aren't too stiff and weird, and note that I may have mushed some parts together, just for fun. This was all for fun, and I thought I'd share it with you all. Anyway, I have a question to place to you readers: Once you read this schizophrenic, non-organized fic, should I go full out and rewrite Twilight to my tune? Or just continue making snippets like these and, you fine people can suggest snippets for me to do if you want to :) Side Note: I'm "replacing" some of the names and stuff (Carlisle and Isabella are like one letter different, since I'm lazy and didn't want to think of some other similar names), and I don't know Forks or Pheonix, so fake names there too, and also so as not to really copy Stephanie Meyer. In any case, disclaimer, Twilight is not mine or else I wouldn't be here haha. Careful, swear words ahead! I kind of wished that I had taken my old karate class seriously. Facing the most impossible odds with a deadly monster intent on brutally killing you (and all I could gather from why was that it was some weird macho-egotistical guy thing ), you would kind of wish for that sort of thing. Clinging to the plastic chair like a life line- because honestly, it was the only thing I had to defend myself with- I watch this monster saunter slowly towards me, his pale face staring, almost serenely unto mine, a sharp contrast to the fear piercing my own heart. His eyes are swirling, twinkling bits of darkness upon his light face, no doubt amused over the idea of killing me. I shudder as that thought pops into my head, my eyes flickering away from him; his intent, my sure death. The sinful beauty that was him only made it worse; His beauty was a mockery to the coldness inside, and superficially it lulled me into a strange serenity. I take a deep, shuddering breath, backing away as he continues to march towards me, trying to force away the glitter that clouded me. All this just to one-up the guy I consider my boyfriend... Well not after this, he won't fucking be , I think to myself, terrified, angry. After all, after this was over, I'd be dead. And even if, through some miracle, I manage to escape- I don't know if I could deal with... all this . At all. At first it had been fun, but when that fun turned into a never-ending nightmare... Reality Bites Ass I was moving in with my dad. My mom, Reina, silently drives her Toyota RAV4 in the glistening city that I had called home for practically all of my life- save for a few years when I was a child. But I didn't remember that time- being only 2 (who remembers when they're two, seriously?). It was a sweltering, humid and rather bustling city that I lived in- a city that fit my mom's image very well. Always out, always about, my mother could never sit still for more than a few minutes. Her bright looks, brighter smile and lightening personality made me wonder how I was related to her. Though all her friends comment on how much I looked like her, despite the darker undertones I got from my dad, Chuck. My personality, stoic and observant, was also his too. It was the main reason my mother left him, and it's probably one of the few reasons why I'm leaving her. As much as I love my mom, love this city- It's just that I'm different and I know it. Well... Actually, some of it has to do with my mom always hovering, always asking if I was going to go be social to people instead of hang about on my computer. She hated how I just seemed to enjoy life from my little corner, exactly as my dad had. He was content in Spoons- his little corner of the world, never wanting to leave, never wanting to do anything. The arguments me and my mom have over these little things are no doubt echoes of the same arguments my mom had with my dad. After all, I also didn't really want to leave, to do anything or go anywhere. Which brings me to my other point. The glaring, elephant-in-the-room type point of why I was moving out. "Are you sure you don't want to come with me?" My mother asks, for perhaps the billionth time. I reply as I always had, a smile and a shake of the head. "As much as I'd love to mom, I'm sure you and Philip can handle going without me." Lies. I actually wouldn't love to go on a near 3 month-long 'vacation' with my mom and her so-far-year-and-a-half-steady boyfriend Philip to Australia. As cool as Australia sounded, I didn't exactly feel the urge to go to where all monstrosities of the Earth decided to live. Gigantic spiders? Like hell I was going. I didn't even know why they picked Australia of all things to go to- but I guess it was also for Philip's job. He was an agent of some sort, I think. Or was he a private pilot? Or was he an athlete? Suffice to say, it was somehow partially for a job he had, temporary, or something- I really didn't care that much. I didn't really care about many of my mother's boyfriends, and she hardly kept most of them long enough for me to care. Besides Philip. He was special. I'm sure this trip was to pop the question - and I honestly didn't want to live with them if the answer was yes. I found Philip annoying, always trying to... interject into my life, like he was my father. I had a dad. It wasn't him. "But Australia looks so beautiful! And Koalas , Bellsie koalas !" I roll my eyes, mentally scoffing. Though koalas were rather tempting... But then there was gigantic spiders and emus and all other sorts of creatures that were bred to kill. "Yeah, and it also has the creatures from the ninth circle of hell there too. I think I can do well in Spoons, it's nice there, despite the constant rain and bitter cold." My mom gives me a sharp look, determining if I was being sarcastic or not. I actually wasn't. Spoons was the best place to foster a child that loved the indoors. And that was me, with my computer, reading blogs all day. Watching t.v shows. You name it. And my dad had promised unlimited Wi-Fi to be installed, so that was (totally not a bribe, and I was totally not taking advantage of my dad in any way possible) awesome. "Besides mom, you have Philip. Dad has no one. And we haven't been able to visit each other the past few summers- I'm sure he's feeling lonely, in that house all by himself." My mom clicks her tongue- a sign I know is her conceding. I smile to myself now, Ah yes, free Wi-Fi will be miiiiine . After all, having a mom that encouraged you to be social meant the Wi-Fi was limited. Never, ever have limited Wi-Fi. That is one of my many many many many rules for when I am out on my own. Limited Wi-Fi is the worst thing to a girl with no social life besides the internet. "Well, just remember you moving down there with your father doesn't have to be a permanent thing. Any time you want, once the vacation is over, you can move back in with me!" "And Philip. " I mutter under my breath, luckily my mother doesn't hear it. But I'm sure she thought it. "We'll see mom. You never know, I could like it down there." Free Wi-Fi rings again in my head. But that wasn't the true highlight. Despite having lived my life with my mom mostly, I really enjoyed the times I spent with my dad. After all, being of similar personality meant that we understood each other a lot better than my bright, enthusiastic mom. We could sit in a room quietly without the need for talking, and I enjoyed that. I enjoyed the silences I had with my dad, because they were silent. I loved my mom, really truly I did, but sometimes I wished she had been the one I visited every summer during my childhood instead. She was better in small doses. My mom hums, lapsing into an awkward, charged silence- the only type of silence with her. She had things to say, always had things to say. I sighed, popping my headphones into my ears. I didn't feel like listening to her silence right now. A softly said good-bye, a safely boarded plane, and smoothly boring flight, it was hours before I finally landed in the large city an hour or so out from Spoons. My dad was waiting patiently outside the terminal, and came to my side, picking my bags from my hands. "It's been a while, sweetie." My dad says softly, and I walk in sync with him towards his car- the cruiser. He was the Chief of Police in the snuggly, if wet town of Spoons. When I was a little child, I always thought it neat that my father had the police car. I enjoyed hearing the siren wail too; now, not as much, but it wasn't that embarrassing. In this town, everyone knew of Chief Duckling, so it was kind of like I was a semi-celebrity. Not actually though, that would be ridiculous. "It has been dad. A very long time." I reply, my tone holding words I didn't, couldn't say. "How's Reina?" His question is emphasized by the soft clunk of the trunk of his car, my bags safely stored in the back. "Mom's been good. I told you that she's going on that trip with Philip, yeah?" "Yes. Good for her. She always wanted to travel." We get in, my dad starts the car, and we lapse into silence. A comfortable silence, I find. It always was that way with Chuck. His silences were comforting and not meant to drive you to speaking. We spend the first 30 minutes silent, enjoyably. "Do you remember William White down at Lu-Pull? The Indian reserve on the coast?" I glance at my father, wondering what had sparked him to talk. I scrunch my nose, trying to remember, "We all used to go fishing, along with his family." "Vaguely." I reply, a few faces appearing to mind, "He had the twins, and the one boy- Um, Jacob? … Jared?" "Caleb, his name is." I nod my head, fuzzily remembering the hyperactive child that the two twin sisters always got angry at, "Well, Will was in a terrible accident a year back, and unfortunately ended up in a wheelchair-" "Really now? Poor guy." My dad hums agreeably, nodding, "It was terrible. But my point is that he offered to sell his truck. You did say you wanted your own ride the last time you called me." I say nothing for a few minutes, mulling the idea over, "What type of truck is it? How old?" "It's an old Chevy. Bought in 1984, though it was a late 50s model. Nothing new." I click my tongue, "I don't know a thing about fixing cars. What happens if it breaks down?" "You call me. Don't worry B, I've looked it over myself. It runs perfectly. William took real good care of her." I sit silently, mulling it over. Once again, I'm faced with the glaring differences between my mother and father. My mom would have been over-hyper about the deal, talking and talking about how I should agree or not