"Will. Seriously?" You clench your hands even tighter. " Lou Ellen ." You beg, your voice grave, and you lift your folded hands above your head. "Lou, please . I needthat book or I'm gonna fail my exam." She shoots you a look, sharp as a dagger and tight with annoyance. "And why are you unable to retrieve this book for yourself?" "You know why." You hiss through your teeth, " Please ." "Oh," Cecil greeted from the doorway to their dorm room, "What's Will on his knees for this time?" Lou Ellen rolled her eyes, "He needs a library book." Cecil's grin turned devilish, " Oh." he repeated, more meaning in the word now. "He needs a library book." "You're making it sound dirty." You complain, pointing over to the other boy in annoyance. You are still on your knees and your legs are starting to ache. "You're making it dirty and you're not helping." You stand, pulling your body up and throwing yourself onto Cecil's bunk dramatically. "I really need this book." You tell her, your face buried in soft fabric. Lou sighed, and you try to conceal the grin that wants to emerge at the sound. "Fine ." She relented, " But you're buying the takeout on Wednesday." "Deal." You agree immediately, relief flooding through your body. Your muscles loosen up and you spread your arms across the bed. Cecil laughed, "Solace, you can't avoid the library forever." "Yes I can." You replied, snuggling deeper into Cecil's comforter. "I can avoid whatever I want for however long I want too." "Until you need some obscure medical text that's not even on the internet, you mean." Lou's familiar weight bounces onto yours, and she settles next to your arm comfortably. "Of course." You allow her, moving your legs so Cecil could climb in over them. It's nice, sharing a bed and warmth with your closest friends. Your eyes flutter close, more just to relax then to sleep, and you throw an arm around Lou's waist. Cecil lays a pillow over your back and he settles down comfortably. "Threesome?" Cecil suggests, running his hand up your leg so it could curve around your ass. You laughed and kick his arm away, "You wish." "I do." Lou replied, "But, if you're going to be that way, I guess Cecil and I will just have to continue our forbidden love affair on our ownsomes." "You always leave me out on all the fun." You mutter into Cecil's pillow, "And what's so forbidden about you two?" "I'm a diehard Trekkie, and he thinks Star Wars is a gift from the gods." Lou shuttered, and she flipped over so she could face you. She pokes your face until you open one eye to glare at her. "The movie nights alone would be a disaster." "You'll always be my Leia." Cecil muttered, grabbing onto Lou's ankle with cold hands. She kicked at him, almost hitting you in the shin. "Can I be Han Solo?" You ask, rubbing your eyes. "Don't be ridiculous, Will." Lou lifted her head from your shared pillow, "I'm Han Solo, you're Leia." "Who am I?" Cecil questioned. "Jar Jar Binks, of course." "You're coming with me." "I'm telling you exactly -" "Will. I was already dragged out of bed at the asscrack of dawn to get this book, I'm not going on a fucking quest to find it." "Lou, it's eleven in the morning." "Asscrack of dawn." You sigh, "I'll tell you exactly where to go. I'll draw you a map if you want me too . " "Will." Lou Ellen rubs her eyes and stifles a yawn, "I have class in an hour. I'll check out this book for you, just show me where to find it. You won't have to talk or even breath if you don't want too. Just point to what book you want and you can go wait outside." You take a long breath and size up the impressive building as if it were a morgue, or something equally as morbid or intimidating, and not just simply a building full of books. "Okay, fine." you finally relent, "In and out, we'll get to the science section and get the hell out of dodge, right?" Lou nods, "And you'll spend the entire time looking over your shoulder and avoiding -" "We're going!" You announce, pulling her forward through the doors, you drop your voice down to a whisper, "And I'm not avoiding anyone." "Really? How about -" "No talking in the library." You hiss to her, your voice low. You drag her forward, your steps quick and fast. Lou laughed under her breath, digging her heels into the thick carpet just to annoy you. You cast quick, slightly panicked looks over your shoulder every few steps. You nearly made it past the front desk before a voice speaks up from behind them. "Can I help you two with something?" You freeze, grabbing onto Lou's arm and squeezing in panic. Your throat seizes and you shoot a deadly glare towards Lou's dancing eyes. Lou spins, a bright, enthusiastic smile on her face. "Hi!" And her voice is more perky than you've ever heard, "We actually could use some help, we're looking for some dusty anatomy book no one's ever heard of. Will, sweetheart, do you have the ISBN number?" You curse her and turn slowly, your heart in your throat and a too-stiff smile plastered on your face. You nod and slowly fish the paper out of your pocket and unfold it before handing the wrinkled post it note over. You are suddenly incredibly self conscious about your messy handwriting, and how illegible the words probably were. Cecil always complained about it when he copied your notes. You shift your weight rather uncomfortably and try to keep your cheeks to a mild rose, rather than the harsh tomato blotches that usually break out across your skin. Nico di Angelo took the slip without question. He glances up to study you for a moment before reading the note. "Pre-med program, right?" You nod, your grip on Lou's shirt tightening as your palms grow sweater. Lou takes that moment to reach over and pinch her nails into your forearm. "It should be over here." Nico indicates to the right with a nod, "Follow me?" his eyes flicker to yours for a brief moment before looking away. You and Lou follow Nico across the library, your heartbeat pounding at the sight of the other boy's too-tight jeans. Nico disappears among the bookshelves before emerging with the thick text clamped between two hands. He hands it over wordlessly, letting you look over the title for a second. "That all?" He asks, looking to you. You nod and swallow, "Thank you." And, thank the gods, your voice is steady and sure. He nods before going back off towards the checkout desk. A breath of relief floods out of you, and you grip onto Lou. "This is why I didn't want to come in." "Because of your embarrassingly huge crush on a boy you've only spoken to a handful of times?" Lou nodded, "I would probably be embarrassed too. He's hot." Lou sticks her hand out, "Now, enough cringe worthy exchanges. I'll go check it out." Wednesday's are your favorite days of the week. Sure, you have an 8 am class, and you have to sprint in order to make it to a few of your other classes, but Wednesday is take out night. Back in high school, when you were lonely and starved for any kind of friendly companionship, you always dreamed about having traditions like this. Friends you could always turn to, maybe a hang out spot you were always welcome. You grin as you settle on Cecil's bunk, cracking open your shrimp lo mein and adjusting your chopsticks. Lou is curled on the plush carpet next to her things that she keeps in your room, and she briefly reminds you of a dragon guarding its treasure. This is especially funny, because Lou's treasure consists of an opened box of tampons, a few dirty tshirts, her cracked ipod touch, and a random section of pocket sized items from the time her bag spilled open. The corner was basically her section of the room at this point, neither you nor Cecil actually brave enough to move her stuff around. It's just the three of you today, which you enjoy. On occasion, another one of your friends will join you for a night of tv and takeout, and you always have fun. Last week it was Katie, a friend from Cecil's earth biology class. The week before that, Frank from your Anatomy study. You enjoy the company of the others, it's funny to have someone to roll your eyes with once Lou and Cecil started their bickering, and always nice to have someone new to bounce your aged puns at. But you miss your best friends, and you're appreciating that it's just you guys tonight. "They're gonna screw." Lou predicts with a mouthful of rice, a few grains flying out. You wince and try to tame the neat freak in you, soothing yourself with the thought of cleaning it up later. She jumps onto the mattress with you, a few steamed vegetables falling out of her container and onto her lap. Cecil shakes his head and settles on the carpet next to you, "They're totally just teasing us." He points his fork at the screen - he doesn't have the patience to learn how to use chopsticks - and clicks his tongue. "They're gonna try and bait Fitz and Liv back together, despite her swearing off him completely." You sigh, "I'm tired of this plotline. Where's Mellie? Isn't she usually threatening someone by now?" "Says the only Mellie supporter in the universe." Cecil mutters, "She is Satan." "She is not Satan. Mellie is a surprising, flexible character who -" "Shut up or we'll put Grey's Anatomy on again." Lou threatens through a mouthful of chicken. "And you can spend the whole episode complaining about the medical inaccuracies." Cecil adds, slurping up his noodles. A few drops of soy sauce land on your arm and you wipe it on his shirt. "It's not that it's completely inaccurate -" Lou shoves you, cutting you off. "Enough." Her eyes don't leave the screen to scold you, "Liv is about to kick ass, be quiet." "And what about that is so different from every other episode?" You mutter, but you stop talking. You know that at soon as the main action is over you'll all start talking again, so you shut up for now. Lou sighs as Liv handles the episodes problem, "She's perfect." Cecil leans back and almost tips the laptop onto the floor. "That was a great episode." He agrees, "Next one?" Lou shakes her head and reaches over your arm to pick at your noodles, "Nah, let's see what else Netflix has." They settle on a plain rom-com, purely for the purpose of talking through it. "So did Will tell you," Lou begins nonchalantly, "About who we ran into at the library on Monday?" You choke on some shrimp and nearly throw your greasy chopsticks at her, "No one." You insist through clenched teeth. "It was no one." Cecil grins with excitement, "Was it…?" "Yup." Lou pops the end of the word with a wide grin, "And trust me, it was terrible." "It wasn't that bad." You mutter, giving up and letting your head hang. "It was." Lou disagrees, "He only said two words, the rest of the time he just blushed and caught flies." Cecil laughed, "How did Nick react?" "Nico." You correct, earning a scoff from Lou. That makes Cecil laugh even harder. "Nico." he says, "How did Nico react to your embarrassment?" "With as much as he was staring at Will, I don't think he minded much." You slap Lou's arm, careful about the food in your lap. "He was not."