Emperors Errands DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN THE CHARACTERS. ALL RIGHTS TO RICK RIORDAN WHO CREATED THE CHARACTERS. Rated: T (This chapter may disturb or be sensitive to some viewers. Just a warning.) Main Pairing: Percy/Annabeth Summary: Childhood tragedies and a new mission is all Annabeth Chase needs to keep her up at night. When a spike in murders across America sends Annabeth and her astonishing handsome partner, Percy Jackson, on a wild goose chase of corrupt memories, she is forced to confront a not so friendly face from her past. (Percabeth, Human AU.) TAGS: Adventure, romance, crime, action, secret agent, Percy, Annabeth, spy, spies. IMPORTANT AUTHOR'S NOTE! I live in New Zealand, therefore some words in this story may be spelt differently to how you would spell it. (Example: favourite = British English, favorite = American English.) I will be using British English. Annabeth's P.O.V ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Murder, terrorists, attacks, more murder. Gods, is there nothing else more important to document about on the news? I scrolled through the channels on the television. America is so dramatic nowadays. How did good news ever become the minority? It really makes you think how much the world has changed. For better or for worst, I'm still not quite sure. I slumped back in my couch turning the television off and just listening to the birds outside, tweeting in harmony. Peace I thought to myself as I revelled in relaxation. I felt the breeze brush against my skin from the window I had left open opposite me. I closed my eyes. I could so get use to this. No problem. How great it felt to be stress free for once. No more missions, fighting and drama for a whole entire month. That sounded like the perfect vacation for an active agent like myself. A grumble erupted in my stomach. I huffed in frustration, I had just eaten an hour ago yet my stomach was still unsatisfied? My eyes fluttered open as I set my feet on the ground. I let a rather annoyed groan slip from my lips. I carried myself to the kitchen where my hands found the fridge rather quickly. Just as I reached to get some leftover lasagne, my phone rang. I peered down at my phone, a frown forming on my face. Wait… Why was my phone ringing? I didn't really have much friends, it's the catch that comes with being a secret agent . Secret agent... Gods, I hope it isn't another mission. I had just started my mini holiday. The least they can do for me is give me a break. Sure I love my job, the adventure, the adrenaline and hype. But I needed to relax once in a while! My feet led me to the other side of the kitchen where my mobile was charging. I hesitated before reaching out to unplug it. I checked the dialler, biting my lip and begging for it to be some stupid advertisement. When my eyes found the name of the caller my hopes were crushed. It was Chiron. Well, that cut my holiday short. He probably wants to send me on another mission. I hovered my finger over the green button, stealing an extra second before answering. "Hello," I said with an unintentional groan. "Annabeth, what a lovely day we're having today, aren't we?" Chiron spoke. "Yes, excellent," I huffed knowing he was trying to relax me before spilling the beans. I'd picked up on his antics over the years I'd known him. Chiron cleared his throat before continuing. "I apologize in advance-" mission. My theories were correct, he was going to send me on another mission . "But there has been some rather, unpleasant series of events occurring recently." "It's okay, Chiron. I understand," I spoke up putting on my cherry tone. But the truth was, I didn't understand. Why did he have to choose me? Out of a couple thousand others that would happily volunteer to do the job to earn extra money. It must be something important. "I wasn't planning on doing anything anyway," I lied. "Excellent. Always lovely to hear your enthusiasm," Proof that I'm great at keeping my emotions in check. "If you could be at base tomorrow around 8:00am, that would be terrific." 8:00? Normally Chiron would give me an extra hour. Something was off… "Yep," I said popping the 'p'. "I'll see you then Chiron, have a good afternoon." "Alright, you too," he replied hanging up. I groaned putting my phone down. Relaxation was never possible with my job anyway. Who was I to think the world would let me stay at home on my couch for a week watching the television and stuffing my face with popcorn? I glanced over to where I had been sitting. I bet the next time I so much as touch that couch will be in two months. I don't even know why I bought this small cottage when I'm rarely ever home. I sighed, I wonder what the problem will be. Was someone murdered? A threat? Maybe an announcement? No that wouldn't make sense, Chiron sounded sad and distressed. Maybe it wasn't a good announcement… I closed my eyes and braced for the oncoming headache my clouded thoughts caused. Opening them, I turned and reached for a clean glass sitting on the counter. I filled it up all the while thinking of the possibilities that required my presence. I looked around my small little cottage. I might be leaving to deal with a situation that is in another state. If so, I was going to miss my small little cottage. When I first saw it, I instantly fell in love with the architecture. I would be lying if I said being a secret agent was my dream. It never was, while I was still in school I would scoff at children who dreamed of being one. I'd read all the articles about why being an agent was dangerous and stupid. Thus, architecture had always been my passion and still is. However I don't see much of a future for it now. Yet here I am, going against what I'd believed. But when Chiron came to me on that street that on night… I shivered at the thought; I didn't want to even think of that right now. I have enough drama to deal with. I glanced over at the clock that hung above my hallway table. 4:28pm. I yawned, just imagining laying down in my soft bed wrapped in the silky blankets made me feel warm. I guess it couldn't hurt to have a nap. I needed to clean my head of its thoughts and catch up on sleep anyway. With that, I turned and made my way to my bedroom for a nice long nap. Here we go, the first words that popped into my mind when the building came into view. After yesterday I felt a lot better, I had been isolated in my cottage for the past couple of days revelling in relaxation going unbeknownst to the fact I was isolating myself. Yesterday, I had been cooped up thinking of all the problems that could've occurred. Until that beautiful nap that seemed to clear my head, I felt like I was walking on sunshine, even if that may seem a bit too optimistic for my liking. I gathered my beige bag before jumping out of the cab I had caught. I slung the bag over my shoulder as I looked up at the building that I had become rather familiar with. I stood there for a minute watching as the taxi drove off without me. Taking a moment to analyse the environment, I noticed that everyone walking down the street were dressed rather formally. Stealing a quick look at my own clothing, I made a quick comparison of my own outfit with the outfits others were wearing. I was wearing a white blouse under my rather dark blazer. Trousers occupied my legs and to top it off I was wearing very light makeup just to look presentable. My hair was tied up to keep my curls from forming a curtain across my face. I heard an annoyed grumble coming from behind me. I turned my head. Why was that guy grumbling at me? I stood still, glaring him down as he brushed past me mumbling I was a 'slow walker'. Oh, I had been too caught up in my thoughts that I was standing on the sidewalk looking like an idiot. With that I continued walking to the building, this time with a faster pace. When I had entered I could smell the essence of lemons. I smiled; I had always been entranced by the smell of lemons, it just had a nice aroma. It's almost like the staff had planned to lift my spirits today. I proceeded to walk to the receptionist waiting behind the desk. "Annabelle Chay, appointment with Chiron," I said politely when my turn to talk to the receptionist came. Funny, I still felt uncomfortable and nervous when I said my undercover name. It's not like I had anything to hide, it just felt unnatural with a fake name falling from my lips. Of course we only had these fake names for personal security. Even inside headquarters, we still had to use our false name just to be cautious. I watched as she typed on her keyboard searching for details of my appointment. She wheeled her chair over to where her phone was to confirm with Chiron of the meeting. Once she hung up she gave me a toothy smile. "Chiron's waiting for you in room 409," she spoke, wheeling back to the front desk and handing me a pass to prove I was here legally if I was questioned. I nodded to show my comprehension, tucked the pass into my bag and proceeded to walk toward the elevators. I pressed the button with the arrow facing up and waited, clutching my bag. I unconsciously started to tap my foot against the marble floor. Headquarters was large to say the least, it felt like a stadium on the inside. The building was styled by architectural geniuses. So as fancy as it looked, it was immensely secure, more protected than a bank I'd say. I watched as businessmen and women weaved through each other carrying suitcases with stern looks thrown across their faces. Ding. I climbed into the elevator, selecting level four where my appointment was being held. I watched as the elevator doors started closing. I sighed impatiently while I waited. ADHD did not help with waiting, much less with my nerves hanging on my shoulders. I stared at the doors, just challenging them to finish doing their job. I was considering exiting the elevator to take another one when suddenly I heard a desperate shout. I didn't jump; I was trained to keep shock at bay when surprised. I looked up to see a boy weaving and clawing through crowds trying desperately to reach my elevator. I knitted my eyebrows in confusion. He stuck out like a sore thumb as he weaved and occasionally bumped into a few people who didn't look too happy about. He ran into the elevator thanking me for waiting. Which to be perfectly honest, I wasn't waiting for him at all, but the doors thought otherwise. I looked up at him studying his features. He had sea-green eyes that reminded me of the ocean on a warm summer's day. I took note of his tousled raven hair, which was slightly drooping over his forehead from running. He was wearing a zinc white blouse with a semi-formal black jacket thrown over it and some dark navy blue jeans that were fading at the knees. He had a nice pair of black boots with laces that ended just under his jeans and a nice dark tie to top it off. His outfit was not full blown formal but it looked like he had