Isaac Bell Demeter The 1 st Annual Hunger Games 1 I don't know what to expect. The glimmering lights of the Capitol are spectacular. I have been treated like a celebrity since my arrival here and this truly is the city that never sleeps. When I say that, it would be in a literal sense as they use some form of drug to ensure that they definitely do not, sleep especially not the night before The Hunger Games. The president describes it as a way for the districts of Panem to pay back for the rebellion which took place last year. There are two tributes from all 12 districts both a male and a female. They are selected from a pool of all 12 - 18 year olds in the district by a "person" who has come from the Capitol who will be our escort up until the day we are sent into the arena. In my opinion it all seems just so fake. The whole event it cover - up for what the president really wants. Revenge. As a unit each of the districts rose up against the Capitol and fought for our freedom. Me being from 11, it was important to my whole family at the time to gain this freedom because 11 is one of the poorest most strict of all the districts. Ever since the rebellion the peacekeepers (guards) numbers have more or less doubled their overall presence so pretty much everyone has to do everything they say unless you are up for a one way trip to the Capitol. I didn't even have to do anything wrong to get here. The outrageous man pulled my name out the huge bowl and a week later it's the day before the games. They dressed me up the most ridiculous farmers costume miles away from anything we wear to farm back home and paraded me and this older girl on a horse ridden chariot through the magnificent city circle where thousands of citizens and potential sponsors were screaming in excitement as they can't wait to see all 24 of us beat each other to death on live television! I have heard of something vaguely similar to this from grandparents. They called it Reality Television. The moment the games were announced I instantly asked my grandma what could be expected and she told us that we will have to be chosen from everyone in the district to go on television. The different factors of what exactly we will be doing on television, was not clear to me until we started training sessions. Stamina, endurance, survival, camouflage and hand to hand combat were just a few of the things we were required to learn for the games. This is where I began to get extremely weary. From then on I knew there was only going to be one of the 24 teenagers going onto this "reality television show" is going to be able to go home at the end of it. I am determined to after my training score of 7 out of 12 to win this thing and make it home to my family. 2 Nightmares plague my slumber. The whole concept of having to end more than one life tomorrow eats away at my mind. Seeing the life disappear from their eyes as, the entire nation watches in amazement. It's sick. No one should ever have to be in the position I am in right now. Some people say that we are way too young to be subjected to this sort of terrible exploitation, all the Capitol say is that we deserve everything we get. I am summoned to come and eat breakfast by my eccentric escort, I can't move from my bed with the thoughts still rushing through my head. Today could be the day that I am brutally murdered in front of the entire nation this thought was worse than not knowing what this whole thing was even about at first hearing of it all. "Demeter!" the man shrilly squealed as he stood out on the other side of my door. "You have two hours until you have to be aboard the hovercraft!", the Capitol accent is vile and every single sentence they say sounds like a question, which is the most irritating thing about this magnificent metropolis. "Demeter, I am not going to ask you again." The man shouted again. This is obviously the last time he would say this but what is the worst he or the Capitol can do to me now? They are sending me to an arena in an undisclosed location to kill other kids my age; they might as well kill me as soon as I open the door to my escort. That would be too kind wouldn't it? As I have said countless times that is not what they want to do otherwise they would pick 24 of us at random every year, line us up in the City Circle and shoot us down as soon as we arrived there. If they are going to get revenge they need to get more out of it then us. Entertainment they call it. It baffles me every single time I hear him say it. I rise from my bed in a zombie like fashion and slowly make my way to the door. There are more knocks as I make my way across the room. My hand reaches towards the elegant door handle. Twist it and suddenly a mass burst of colour and quickened voices swarms into my room. My prep team and escort are all here, they are forcing food into my mouth and complaining in their high pitched accents about how I missed breakfast and how now I only have one hour and a half left to get me ready. Back home we had ten minutes after the morning alarm goes off to make our way into the vast expanses of the corn field for a full 12 hour shift of work. This is a little different in the Capitol, they styled my curly knotted mess of hair into a thing they call corn rows and in just under half an hour, they made sure I was washed and dressed in time to catch the hover craft. My prep team said their final goodbyes and my escort rushed me down a never-ending corridor of darkness. "This way." My mentor commanded as he walked ahead of me. His name was Metis, I didn't know how old or young he was because the Capitol people have so much surgery done to their bodies it is unreal. Metis has tight multi-coloured hair which was organized accordingly to the brightness of the colours which looked completely ridiculous. He must have also had some form of surgery on his ears as they also seemed to be tied or stapled against his skull. Why would anybody want to look like that is beyond me but it is how they all like to dress. Eventually a bright light was visible at the end of this corridor and the noise of the hovercraft could also be heard. My heart seemed to skip a beat and I became extremely light headed all of a sudden. It was like all my nightmares were coming true at once. My arms and legs became heavier and heavier dangling on my body. The last thing I remember was tripping head over heels at the sight of the other tributes filing into the impressive hovercraft. After I blanked out all I could here were the distant laughter of tributes running closer to my body. One of them, it sounded like a young girls voice said something I could barely make out in my coma like state. "You don't stand a chance 11! Welcome to the 1st Annual Hunger Games" 3 I never saw Metis again. I woke up strapped onto a bench next to all the other tributes in room. Could this be the hovercraft taking us to the arena? I had just woke up and the other tributes staring at me looking extremely pleased with themselves. It was like how my friends would look at me when they had stolen my rake. They called it a practical joke I call it a way to get us all killed or worse. Have our tongue's cut out and become one of the Avox's that serve us in the tribute building in the Capitol. So I basically hated those kinds of jokes, nobody has time for them in 11 anymore. There is an announcement that sounds like its coming from the front of the room. It says that we will be landing in the arena momentarily. We are in the hovercraft. Everything becomes so much clearer when a woman from the Capitol comes through a door and begins clamping something to each of our ankles. The older girl from my district who is sat next to me tells me that it is a tracker. This must be to make sure the people who make the show know exactly where we are when in the arena. The room we are in a poorly lit so I can't make out of the faces of any of the other tributes apart from those who are sat either side of me. I can recall most of the names of the tributes from memory due to the training scores which were broadcast two days ago. From District 1 the boy is called Savoy; I think he got a ten at training that must mean he is the one to watch out for during the course of the show. The girl is called Lavender she got a nine for her training score, as equally as scary. The district 2 tributes are called Hephaestus he looks to be one of the older tributes; I think he is 17 and the girl from my district is 18. The girl from 2 is called Athena she wears glasses and looks to be around 15 so around the same age as me. At that moment the lights came on in the room revealing every single tribute's face to me. They all looked to be relatively frightened and staring at one another with anxiety. Nobody knows much about what's going to happen but from what has been said by my escort Metis it's something that is going to involve courage and sacrifice and a hell of a lot of entertainment for the Capitol citizens. It can't possibly be a literal fight to death can it? I am pretty sure that they can't show something as explicit as that on television but then again the rebellion was entirely broadcast on television. I distinctly remember a part of the broadcast from district 7, one moment there were children, couldn't be any older than five years old fleeing a burning building, the smoke bellowing from behind them. The fear could clearly be recognised on their innocent faces. An ear piercing scream could be heard from the building then at least three dozen peacekeepers stormed one side of the street, guns poised for firing. Directly in front of the children were the rebel army with guns also poised towards the peacekeepers. Shots were fired form both ends. One of the children was inevitably shot directly in the skull blood splattering over the snow blanketed ground. The other children screamed and surrounded the lifeless boy. The shots continued firing then what looks like the child's mother ran rampantly towards the dead child and screams towards the two sides of soldiers. The firing didn't stop. It kept going and going. A shot fired by the rebels was shot right into the mothers head, piercing the icy cold air deeply planting right in between the mothers eyes, blood splattered across the other children's faces, horrifying the sight of the mother cradling the child and then suddenly an explosion knocked out the sight of the camera. The Capitol thrives on footage like this which is