A/N: Hello guys! It's been a long time since I've written a fanfic of this nature and it's my first time writing for the Hunger Games Series. I saw Mockingjay Pt. 2 this past weekend and I was absolutely gutted when Finnick died. I had read the books, but it had been a while, so that whole scene took me completely off guard. Anyways, I've spent most of the week reading Finniss fics and I fell in love with the pairing, so I decided to take a crack at it. I hope you guys like it! Waves crashing against the shore brought peace to Finnick's racing thoughts and eased the tension in his aching shoulders. The sand between his toes was soothing and familiar and the sharp scent of salt in the air made him feel safe. He was home. His thoughts drifted as he wandered down the shoreline, the cool ocean water lapping at his feet, beckoning him to come closer and for a moment, he thought about giving into the waves demands and letting them carry him out into the swirling depths of the ocean. It'd been a rough two months of living in the Captiol, making appearances at events, socializing with superficial Captiol citizens and romancing them at night in strings of hotels rooms that after a while, blurred together into one endless hell that he had no chance of escaping from. Unless… He thought back to the night before he left the Capitol. It'd been the one night he didn't have an…appointment and he spent it holed up in his apartment, packing his things and eagerly awaiting the train that would take him back to Four. Away from the prying eyes of President Snow and his merry band of idiots, where he would be safe and be able to live until he had to go back. He always had to go back. He didn't make it a well known fact where he lived, so when he heard a rather loud pounding on his door at one in the morning, it was a bit of a surprise. Although, upon opening the door, he really shouldn't have been shocked once he saw who was behind it. Haymitch Abernathy wasn't someone Finnick made a habit of socializing with—outside of rebellion meetings and events when they were forced to speak with each other, such as the wrappings of the Hunger Games, which took place earlier in the evening. It wasn't that he found Haymitch's company…unappealing, per say, but he didn't really have much in common with the older drunkard and therefore, never really went out of his way to speak with him. However, Finnick was aware of Haymitch's way of being…resourceful when need be, which was why he was such a key part in the rebellion, so it wasn't a surprise that he managed to find out where Finnick lived. He was was surprised, however, at the words that came out of his mouth once he stumbled his way into his apartment. "I need your help, Fishboy." he slurred, making himself comfortable on Finnick's back leather couch. "Why, Haymitch, I have to say I'm a bit surprised, I never would've thought you swung that way," Finnick said lightly, his tone teasing, "while I'm flattered that you chose me to be your nighttime companion, I'm afraid to tell you I don't take walk ins, you'll have to make an appointment with Snow—" "Cut the crap, Fishboy, I'm not here for the red light special." Haymitch said, glaring up at Finnick with blood shot, grey eyes, that—despite the amount of liquor Finnick could smell from his spot across the room—remained about as sober as Finnick could ever remember seeing on Haymitch. Finnick chuckled, "Then to what do I owe this pleasure, dear Haymitch? It isn't every day that I'm graced with your lovely presence." Ignoring Finnick's sarcasm, Haymitch's eyes looked around his apartment, his eyes taking in every detail—a gesture Finnick recognized as one every Victor of the Games did before getting completely comfortable in a room. Asses possible threats, look for possible weapons, plan an exit strategy. "You got any liquor around here?" Haymitch asked, once he decided there were no imminent dangers lurking in the shadows of Finnick's sparse apartment. Wordlessly, Finnick walked over a cabinet off to the side of the living room, digging around inside of it for a few minutes before he returned, placing two heavy glass tumblers on the coffee table and filling them about halfway with amber liquid. Haymitch didn't bother with pleasantries. He just grabbed the glass and brought it up to his chapped lips and downed the whole thing in one go. Finnick simply twirled his in his glass, watching the alcohol inside rotate from one side of the glass to other. "You gonna drink that or play with it?" Haymitch asked. With a roll of his eyes, Finnick set the glass on the table, sliding it over to Haymitch's waiting hand. He gave a sarcastic grin, silently toasting Finnick before he downed the glass, slamming it back down on the glass table top when he was finished. Finnick didn't even bother reprimanding him—he honestly could care less what happened with his furniture. It wasn't really his , anyway, just another reminder of Capitol's never ending generosity. "Now that you've consumed most of my liquor stash," Finnick said dryly, "you mentioned something about needing my help?" Haymitch gave a small nod, eyeing Finnick warily before he began, "Katniss, as I'm sure you've heard, has caused quite the…disturbance in the Captiol and has brought a lot of attention to herself and by extension, her family. She has become quite the…desired asset and now that she's attempted to stick one to Snow with those berries—" "You think he's going to try to sell her?" Finnick asked. Haymitch gave a stiff nod, "But I don't think it'll be to rake in Captiol revenue." "You think he wants to break her?" Another stiff nod. Now, Finnick was slightly confused, "I'm not sure what I'm supposed to do about that. I mean, I could probably convince Snow to let me…train her and start her off with some of my nicer clients but—" "I need you to convince Snow that you want to settle down," Haymitch said, cutting him off, giving him a meaningful look. Finnick couldn't prevent the derisive snort if he tried, "With Katniss Everdeen? Haymitch, I think you've had too much to drink because there's no way Snow will go for—" "Don't tell me you're doubting your acting skills now , Odair?" Haymitch goaded. Finnick glared, "Do you not recall what happened the last time I told Snow that I wanted to settle down? Annie ended up dead, along with her entire family and now you're sitting here, trying to convince me that the same thing won't happen to Katniss and here family?" Haymitch sighed, "Sweetheart's in no danger of being killed, Snow's not that much of an idiot, he knows it'd look just a tad too suspicious if everyone's favorite victor wound up dead just a few weeks after the Games," Finnick didn't want to admit it, but he had a point, "Snow just wants to make sure he has her…obedience. He wants to snuff out the fire's that she's started when she volunteered for her sister and in order to do that, he's gonna give her the same deal he offered you." Finnick fought against the bile that rose in his throat at the reminder of his deal with Snow. " Keep the citizen's of the Capitol happy or risk the death of everyone and everything you hold dear, Mr. Odair." Finnick gripped the bridge of his nose, rubbing his closed eyes harshly, "So what is your plan exactly? Woo her for a little while, make it look like we're in love? Then what? Get married, have kids and watch them grow up right underneath Snow's nose and watch them die in an arena?" "You know it won't come to that." Haymitch said, pouring himself another drink. "Has all that liquor made you blind?! Snow will never pass up the opportunity to have the child of two victors thrown into the arena—" "It won't come to that, because we have a plan." Haymitch cut off his rantings. Finnick raised a sardonic eyebrow, "Oh yeah? Care to inform me of that then?" Haymitch smirked, "Classified information, Fishboy, and you're on a need to know basis." Finnick glared, unimpressed. Haymitch sighed, "Look, the way I see it, you have one of two choices. You can pretend to fall in love with Katniss, date her, marry her and all of your…engagements magically disappear. You save our best shot at the rebellion from being sold over and over again and we all live happily ever after without the Hunger Games and without the tyranny of Snow. Or, we watch our best shot at the rebellion become another fancy piece in the Captiol's games and you continue to live the rest of your life with the playboy image that the Capitol has forced you into, mentoring kid's for slaughter and the awful of the world continues on in an endless cycle until the next generation grows sick of it and attempts to stop it." Finnick looked out the window, down at the busy streets with the Capitol citizens milling about, partying and celebrating the newest victor of the Hunger Games. He thought of his standing three months in the Capitol, filled with endless appointments with Capitol official's and their wives and the never ending gala's and parties he was forced to attend. He thought of the nights he had to spend one on one with the endless string clients in upscale hotel rooms, trading secrets for the pleasure of his company. He thought of the nights he'd stay up, unable to sleep due to the nightmares that plagued his unconscious after a long night in the presences of Captiol citizens that did nothing but serve as a painful reminder of his time in the games. He thought of the children he'd mentored in the last ten years and how many of them had dies within the first week in the arena. Finally, he thought of Annie. Annie, who was just as messed up by the horrors they'd witnessed in the arena, but was still able to keep this air of innocence about her. Besides Mags, she was the only source of positivity in his world, the only thing he could hold onto during nights when he had to don the playboy persona Snow had forced him to wear like a shield the day he turned sixteen and was deemed old enough to be sold as an object of pleasure to the drooling, superficial citizens of the Capitol. He remembers the nights that were really bad, when he had a particularly long night of clients, the feeling of her body wrapped around his erased the feelings of harsh touches and caresses from others, the smell of the ocean that lingered on her skin blocked out the false perfumes and colognes straight from the Capitol. Annie, who, due to his own stupidity and selfish desires, was just another name added to the long list of innocent lives lost because of Snow and his need for control when it came to the victors. "When do I start?" It was agreed, after a long discussion on what they thought was best, that Snow, for the time being, wouldn't know about it. Finnick would meet Katniss during her trip to Four on her Victory Tour and they'd go from there. Katniss, they decided, wouldn't know about it either, not until they felt the time was right. Haymitch knew that it wouldn't got over well with Katniss to play into another romance, not after Peeta. For now, it was decided that it would be best that Finnick start off with a…friendship, of sorts, with her and see how she reacted. "All of this trouble for