Disclaimer: I do not own the World of Harry Potter and its many characters. I do not receive any monetary prophet from this work of fanfiction. Preface When I read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and met Remus Lupin, I found myself wondering "Where has he been all these years?" Though the fanfiction Renewal Universe is different from HP Canon, I wanted to spend a bit of time with Remus and show how his life is very different from what we read in the HP books. I hope that everyone will enjoy the read. Thank you. Chapter 1: Over and Done Pazieg, Brittany, France January 27, 1986 The morning started out as normal as possible for Remus Lupin, as normal as any morning just after the full moon could be. He groaned from his position on the cellar floor. Slowly, he eased himself up and looked around the room to inspect it for damages. He winced when he saw that he had, in his transformed state, clawed through the dense cushions that lined the walls to the brick and steel behind them. He had long ago renovated a World War II bomb shelter into a prison to hold him on the full moon nights. Every full moon he sealed up his home, and placed the protective wards on it to protect what was within. Then he made his way to the shelter which he then set up wards, charms, and jinxes to ensure that he was truly sealed within. He also locked himself away behind caged doors that were magically sealed and had a timer that would not release him until true morning light. He had almost attacked a fellow student while he was enrolled at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and he did not want to risk a repeat of that near disaster. He had been such a fool then, allowing his friends to let him loose during the full moon so that they could run with him in their animagus forms. While it assisted the Wolf within him to some extent, it didn't outweigh that letting him loose put everyone else into mortal danger. He had vowed never again would he roam free in his wolf form on the full moon night after that incident. He had done his best to obey his own vow since then. Suddenly he heard the whirling sound of the many locks opening as they began to recognize that it was at last morning. The steel barred door clicked and Remus crawled toward it and pushed the door open. He slowly used the door to help him gain his feet. He was tired, so tired, but he couldn't stay there. He needed to get back to the house. It was a slow process as Remus managed to stumble across the yard, exhausted from his night of transformation into a Werewolf, but at long last he made it safely to the back door of the kitchen. A mop of dark curls a smooth pale brow, and rich blue eyes peaked at him from the window at the kitchen door and then it disappeared. The locks turned and the door was pulled open. Remus gratefully entered the house and then stared at the child, his precious child whom had been forced yet again to spend the night alone, while Remus underwent the effects of his curse. Orion de Rais smiled at him in warm affection. "Dad, I'm glad you are alright," the boy said as he finished his own perusal of Remus. Apparently, the child could find no open wounds nor any new scars to be terribly concerned about. That was good. He disliked upsetting Orion for any reason. He smiled at his son as he walked further into the kitchen. "Have you tried to eat anything yet?" he asked of the child. Though Orion was not allowed to use the stove without permission, they did have a muggle microwave and a muggle toaster. He had taught the boy long ago how to use the toaster to make toast and the microwave for other pastries and breads. "I wasn't hungry," Orion admitted. "I was waiting for you to come back." "Oh Ori," Remus said and then gave into the urge that had plagued him since he saw the boy. He hugged the child close to him and kissed the mop of messy curls. "I'll get a quick shower and then cook you breakfast," he said. "No, you won't!" Orion exclaimed, "You'll get a healing bath. I already ran the bath for you and put in the healing medicine. You just need to relax and feel better. I can make myself toast and jam." "That's not a hearty breakfast, pup," Remus said sternly. Orion seemed to think that over. "Alright, then you can make us a big lunch." Remus laughed as he noted the sparkle in the child's blue eyes. "I'm not going to win this one. Alright, I'll make you a big lunch and in the meantime, I will obey you and take that bath." Orion's lips curved up in a mischievous smile and it made Remus's heart ache. In that moment, Orion looked so very much like how his birth father must have looked at that age. Every now and then Orion did little things, had little expressions that reminded Remus so very much of Sirius Black that it was painful. Remus had been devastated by the murder of his friends James, Lily, and Peter. Murders that had been caused by one of his best friends Sirius Black. It had been days after Sirius had been incarcerated in Azkaban Prison for his crimes that Albus Dumbledore had contacted him. Dumbledore had managed to get a simple grant for Remus to go to Sirius's apartment to recover any of his own belongings that might have been in the apartment. It was while Remus was at Sirius's muggle apartment that the blonde-haired woman came up to him and asked if he knew Sirius. When he admitted that he did, she had begged to speak with Sirius. Remus could tell that she was one of Sirius's paramours and he thought that telling her that Sirius was dead was kinder than telling her he was a psychopath whom had turned on his closest friends. She had wept when he had told her that Sirius had died in an automobile accident on his motorcycle. She asked if they could talk more, perhaps get tea or coffee. He had locked up Sirius's apartment and agreed to her request. While sitting in a cute little tea house just around the corner from the apartment the woman, Sylvia, told him that she had not known Sirius long but she had a one night stand with him. It was a one night stand that had left her pregnant with his child. She didn't know what to do about her circumstances. She didn't really want the child, particularly since she would be raising the child alone and she didn't know how to juggle childcare and the career she was trying to build. She had not really thought that Sirius would want the child either, but she thought perhaps he had relatives that would take the child. She informed Remus that other than a very old Great-Aunt she didn't have anyone and her Great-Aunt was completely out of the question. Remus had contemplated putting her in touch with Sirius's family but then he had quickly shut down that idea. Sirius had always spoken too horribly about his family. Remus remembered all too well the horror stories about Sirius's mother. His brother might have been a decent sort but Remus never really got to know the boy and besides the younger man was dead. Remus remembered that Bellatrix Lestrange was Sirius's cousin and he shivered at the thought of a child growing up in a family that could produce anyone the likes of Bellatrix Lestrange. He had then told her that he was family to Sirius and that he would be willing to take the child when she gave birth to it. Sylvia had been so relieved and Remus told himself that this was the right thing to do. Remus had often lamented that he would never be a father. He was too afraid of passing on any of his werewolf traits to a child. Studies said that children of Werewolves were not able to transform during the full moon, but they still had some of the wolf's instincts and characteristics. Remus shuddered to think of passing any of his curse on to an innocent child. This though, raising Sirius's child, it was a way for him to be a father, and a way to take care of an innocent child, another of Sirius's victims. Remus retreated to the bathroom. He was swift in shedding his clothing and he tested the water's temperature before he got into the tub. He sighed in delight. Without fail Orion always drew him a bath at the end of the full moon and without fail it was always just the perfect temperature no matter how long ago it was that Orion had run it. He was sure it was magic on his pup's part but he couldn't prove it without witnessing it. That Orion was a Wizard was without doubt to Remus. He could practically smell the magic building inside of the boy, everyday growing stronger. He let himself glance around his surroundings and he sighed happily and whispered a softer prayer of thanks to Sylvia de Rais. He was thankful for her foolishness in sleeping with Sirius. He was thankful for her approaching him in her desperation over her pregnancy. He was thankful to her for befriending him and giving him a trade. Sylvia had owned a small book store in London and another larger one in Rennes, across the channel in her native Brittany. Sylvia's specialty was the restoration of old manuscripts. Remus had become her assistant and had soon surpassed her skills, unsurprising considering he used magic to help him along. Of course, he kept that little fact hidden from Sylvia. When Remus was feeling nostalgic like this, he was willing to admit truths that he usually kept at bay. He had been in love with Sylvia by the time she had given birth to Orion. She had been sickly during the last two months of her pregnancy and the doctors had worried over her. Remus had not understood what was wrong but he knew she was growing increasingly frail and he could smell death upon her. He hated it. It had made him feel helpless. He had doted upon her, doing all sorts of things for her as she got worse and worse. He had felt like his heart was ripped out of him when she died just hours after giving birth to little Orion. When little Ori could travel, he took the baby to the little village of Pace, better known as Pazieg to the locals, so that he could present Orion to Sylvia's Great-Aunt Marianne. He had met the aged woman several times in Sylvia's company, but this time felt different. They were both aggrieved, both in mourning. They both wondered what might have been if Sylvia had lived. "She was always delicate when she was a child," Marianne had told him. "Her health so frail. As a teenager she improved. The doctors seemed to think she'd live a long healthy life so long as she did not wish to have children. It hurt Sylvie, but she agreed it was best. There were so many children that could be adopted. There was always time to decide," Marianne had laughed bitterly then. "But then she had met that young man and had slept with him and became pregnant. The idea of abortion was abhorrent to Sylvia so she chose to carry it, and then give it to his family, to you," Marianne had looked at Orion then and smiled a bittersweet smile.