Evening, all! So, here's a one shot for y'all, it's based on the end of Mockingjay, so beware! If you haven't read the end or seen the second half of Mockingjay, this contains spoilers! With my own twist, of course, based on a moment between Katniss and Cressida in the Capital that I HAD to use. Read on! "Okay, so we just blend into the crowd, go with the refugees to Snow's mansion, right?" Katniss asked again as she shrugged on a large hooded jacket. Tigris handed Gale a dark colored hood of his own and adjusted it as he yanked it over his head, pulling the cloth more naturally over the lump of his gear and weapon hidden beneath the cloak. In the shadows of the shop, Peeta huddled with red rimmed eyes locked on Katniss, blown pupils sliding over her face with recognition sparking in them every few seconds. "Just keep your head down, don't make any unusual movements," Gale said, checking the shadows behind the frosted front windows of the shop. Katniss nodded and took a deep breath, then stepped forward and pulled Pollux into a tight hug. "I'm so sorry," she whispered hoarsely, fighting back her tears again. Pollux gently pushed her back and smiled shakily, tears filling his eyes again. Katniss moved away and hesitantly approached Peeta, watching him for signs of aggression. "Let me go with you," he said, "I can be a distraction for you both." His eyes were wild, desperate with the want to prove himself trustworthy, to earn her faith back once more. "No, Peeta, stay here, stay hidden. It's not…safe for you." "Then give me some nightlock, I'm not going back there," he pleaded. His still gaunt features reminded her of Johanna's words of their shared time in the bowels of the Capital's torture chambers. She nodded and dug her capsule from within her vest and put it in his hand, curling his fingers around the innocuous pill. "Stay safe." "Always." Katniss nodded and turned away before he could see the emotion brewing behind grey eyes and caught Gale's eyes briefly before her vision was filled with blonde hair and vine tattoos. "Don't be stupid, Everdeen," Cressida whispered. Katniss hugged her tightly, burying her nose against her shoulder, smelling gunpowder, sweat, blood – her own from shrapnel, and Castor's from the mutt attack in the sewers – and the faint underlying scent of her hair wash, just barely noticeable amongst the other smells. "I can't help it," Katniss said smartly. Cressida pulled away with her lips pulled up in a smirk, belied by the worry evident in her eyes. "I know, that's what worries me. Promise you'll be safe, Katniss." "I'll try." They had grown closer ever since the last attack on Thirteen and Katniss' discovery of the roses outside afterward. Katniss knew Cressida was concerned about her health since she had, on several occasions, found Katniss huddled in some corner in Thirteen and sat beside her, silently offering a shoulder, a moment, a kind word – and sometimes not so kind, as she had taken to prodding Katniss to make her emote at all – a hug. There had been several moments when her lips had lingered too long on Katniss' skin, eyes locked until the brunette flushed and looked away or said something snarky to diffuse the charged tension that surrounded them more often recently. Breaking eye contact, Katniss stepped away and pulled her hood up, making sure her bow was concealed before stepping out of the shop. She and Gale easily merged into the streaming flood of Capital refugees heading toward the mansion, warily eying the growing number of peacekeepers that were watching the press of people from behind reflective visors. Katniss faltered when she saw the peacekeepers up ahead pulling back hoods to see each person's face, and she pulled on Gale's arm. They began backtracking through the crowd and stopped as they saw more peacekeepers checking people from behind. Facing forward again, they had no choice but to continue closer to the checkpoint. Katniss felt a heavy hand on her shoulder for an instant before an explosion rocked the ground nearby and everyone fell to the ground. In the ensuing chaos, Katniss and Gale ran onto the mansion grounds before they were separated by another blast from rebel bombs. Katniss shook her head to clear the daze from her mind and saw Gale captured by Capital troops. "Shoot me! Katniss, shoot me!" She lined up her shot, straight for his heart, but couldn't bring herself to loose the arrow, and so watched as Gale was loaded into the back of a truck and disappeared from sight. She closed her eyes a moment against the carnage around her, stuffed her ears against the screams of the dying and bereft, the smells of smoke, burning bodies, and fear, and gathered her wits before rushing toward the mansion's gates and pushing through the throng of desperate people seeking sanctuary. The haze of battle had yet to reach the gates, although the gunfire was close by, and Katniss pushed past people until she reached a barricade of wood and flesh, peacekeepers holding back everyone and taking kids from their parents and placing them in a pen between themselves and the gates. Katniss' brow furrowed in confusion, then rage as she realized that Snow was using the kids as a human shield for himself. Suddenly, the crowd went silent, and even the growing gunfire sounded subdued as a VTOL flew overhead and released a mass of familiar silver parachutes with small cylinders attached. The gentle chiming that announced their presence jarred heavily against the lingering screams behind everyone and the crowd of adults and children alike reached for the parachutes. Eyes and visors turned skyward as one, even Katniss' grey eyes watching the descent of the parachutes with something approaching horror in her face. As the first capsules landed in small hands and were opened, explosions ripped through the penned in kids and everything was masked in smoke and a lingering ring in Katniss' ears stifled all sound. Her sight afforded her the horrific images of children, charred and still, on the cracked and bloodstained pavement, as parents and strangers alike surged forward to help. "…dic! Someone, get a medic!" Sound surged back in waves, of grief and sobs and screams, of the din of battle renewed, of her own thundering heartbeat. Rebel medics pushed through the stunned crowd and knelt in the remains of the pen to gauge the damage, and Katniss froze as she saw a familiar sight. Skinny arms and legs, blonde hair escaping twin braids, the fabric of a shirt loose in the back, untucked from grey leggings given to medics and nurses alike in Thirteen. "Prim?" Katniss shoved a hysterical woman out of her way and stumbled forward. "Primrose?!" Her sister turned toward her, worry in her eyes as she took stock of Katniss' injuries and the copious blood on her cloak, then grey eyes met blue as Prim stood and opened her mouth. "Prim!-" A secondary explosion rocked the plaza and Katniss was thrown back to the pavement, head smashing against jagged stones and she knew no more. The steady sound of the heart rate monitor awoke Katniss first, then the dull pain at the back of her head and in her shoulders and back. Her eyes slowly opened and took in the white walls of the hospital with resignation as she wondered vaguely how she had landed in there again, then her memories rushed back and her breathing picked up. The shop, the refugees, the battle…the explosions. "Oh God," Katniss whispered, hands bunching in the sheets until her knuckles whitened. Her stomach heaved and tears pricked behind her eyes, and then her mother was there, whispering to her with red eyes and attending to her myriad burns and scrapes while Haymitch muttered about their victory without meeting her eyes. Katniss forced back the bile in her throat and refused to let her tears drop, unwilling to show any more weakness in front of two of the people who had seen the most of it. Haymitch watched her with unusual misery in his eyes before excusing himself and wiping discreetly at his eyes, her mother not far behind after cupping Katniss' cheek and smiling wanly. Katniss was left alone in the room even though there were more beds available and she was certain there were many more people injured, but she was grateful nonetheless for her solitude. A sob ripped through her chest and she muffled it with her blistered hand, squeezing her eyes shut so she wouldn't have to see the white walls that she had come to associate with her sister. Images played behind her eyelids, of her sister laughing, smiling, and loving with just a look. The cheerfulness that exuded from her even in the Seam, even in the wake of their father's death, even after Katniss' return from her Games and her withdrawal into herself as she tried to deal with the horrors of the Arena. Another sob escaped her pursed lips and her shoulders shook with the force of holding them in until she was gasping for air. She startled when warm hands grabbed her shoulders and her eyes snapped open. Cressida stood in front of her, hip perched on the bed as her upper body extended toward her, eyes creased in worry. Her thumbs rubbed circles on her exposed collarbones and Katniss swallowed as she tried to get herself under control. Her jaw worked furiously and her eyes flicked between Cressida's, back and forth quickly to gauge the emotions lingering behind blue eyes. "Hey, Katniss. Glad you're up," she offered weakly. Katniss nodded and pulled her defenses up, eyes drying as she regarded Cressida with her normal impassivity. Cressida's brow furrowed as all expression was wiped from Katniss' expression and leaned closer. "You doing alright, Everdeen? I know it's a lot to take in…" Her thumb kept rubbing circles on her collarbone and Katniss was suddenly irritated with her touch. She shrugged off her hands and turned her head aside, staring at the blank wall as a muscle worked in her jaw. "I'm fine." "You sure as hell don't look like it." "I'm fine, okay! Just go away!" Katniss burst out, desperate to protect her fragile, fragmented heart from further torment. "I don't need your pity, Cressida! I don't want you here, just to use me as – as some fucking propo to show how sorry I am for the loss of life during the battle, or whatever bullshit you whip up!" Her bloodshot eyes and bloodless face whipped to face Cressida, rage covering the sorrow easily, comfortingly. Cressida physically sat back like she had been struck and swallowed, eyes tightening. "I just…I want to help you, Katniss…" "I don't need your god damned help!" Katniss and Cressida stared at each other in silence, only the brunette's harsh breathing and the quickening beep of the monitor breaking the tense silence. "Get out," she hissed. Cressida blinked in confusion and Katniss felt the stirrings of regret and remorse as hurt registered on her face. "What?" "Get. Out. Now." Her tone brooked no argument, her eyes deadly and nostrils flared, and she bared her teeth when Cressida didn't immediately leave. "Get out! Get the hell out of here!" She ripped out the needles and stumbled from the bed, shoving Cressida and losing her balance as she did. Cressida reached for her and Katniss recoiled, hissing. " Get out! " A couple nurses rushed in and grabbed Katniss, dragging her back to the bed and strapping her into the cuffs on either side of the rails as she fought with all her quickly flagging strength. "Get out! Get – get out…get…" She dissolved into sobs as morphling was pumped into her veins via the re-inserted needle, and saw Cressida's sorrowful eyes before she was pulled under again. " It was quite