Long time no see, huh? So I'm going to try one-shots, and a few two-shots before delving back into big time stories. Working on more H&G, so be patient. Thank you guys for the support! You Rock! Annabeth: "Hey Annabeth!" I turned away from my locker, closing it quickly before Piper can see inside. I put back on my smile, reconstructing my 'happy' walls quickly and hope she doesn't notice. Turns out I didn't have to. She's already passed by me, now talking with Jason as they go to Chemistry together. Although Piper had a bit of a wild side, she would be fifteen minutes early to class if her boyfriend was going there. Annabeth rolled her eyes. What an old married couple. She readjusted her backpack strap, gripping onto it with her left hand. She took a steady breath getting ready. She had to hope no one asked anything too sensitive today, but really that was like any other day. Right on the edge of a panic attack. "Hey Annabeth!" "You going to the game tonight?" "How's it going?" "You still going to Homecoming?" "Can't wait for the debate next week!" "How's student government?" It was like this up until the bell rang. It always is. Someone walks up to me, asks me a few questions, I answer, and I keep going. Yes, I'm popular. Not to sound ungrateful or self centered, but it's the truth. Freshman year rolled around and my small group of friends grew bigger, then I expanded outwards. I guess it really is survival of the fittest. When middle school ended I cut my extra baggage. I winced involuntarily at the thought. He wasn't extra baggage. First period AP Biology rolls around, and I go through it in a bit of a daze. The teacher asks if everything is alright, which is more than my 'friends' really ask me (besides maybe Piper) and I reply politely that everything is okay. He nods quickly, letting me go to my next class and dismissing the subject completely. I don't see him today on my way to second, which just tells me that I'm not looking close enough. He taught me that, back in middle. How to disappear in an instant and leave people wondering where he'd gone. I expect that's why the only reason I see him is when he's going slow, looking down at the floor, preoccupied. I don't think I'd see him any other way. I get into second period, finding myself sitting in the front row again. Piper smiles at me from a few desks over, then pulls out her phone and quickly shows it to me. Not even a minute later my phone goes off. Piper: Today Jason... That's how almost every text starts now. 'Today Jason' did this, or 'Today Jason' did that. I roll my eyes but smile anyway. It'd be selfish if I thought any other way, and that's not who I am. Not anymore. After her little story I wait for the teacher to launch into another rant. Annabeth: That's cute. How was your date last night? Another rant and a few more texts and I get the comment I'd been dreading, but was unsurprised by. Piper: I can't hang out tonight. Jason is coming over after the game tonight. I sighed, but text her that it's okay. Glancing over I can tell her mind is still on her boyfriend, the way her eyes seem unfocused and she still has the dopiest grin on her face. I rolled my eyes again, but sucked any unkind thoughts away. Piper, although horrible at making time for me, was still my best friend. I have to suck it up. Just like how she sometimes did when I was with Luke. The rest of second flew by in a blur. My neck was unusually stiff as I walked out of the classroom, and I tried to massage the tension away. I tilted my head only slightly to the left. And that's all it took to see him. For someone who wears that sagging blue hoodie and jeans, you'd think he'd be more noticeable. But no, I remember how he'd be able to disappear down a hallway without changing a thing in his pace or look. He looked like he'd simply willed it, and it would happen. If high school didn't work out, maybe he could be a spy. Head bowed towards the ground and backpack with his skateboard attached to the side on his back. I couldn't see his face, as usual. I haven't gotten a good look at it since seventh grade, though. It would surprise me if anyone had besides his mother. His hand reach upwards and for a moment I thought he was going to throw his hood back, but I should've known better. His hand disappeared inside the hood, swiping a loose lock of hair away. I caught a glimpse of dark, ebony strands that gleamed under the harsh lights, but that was it. A glimpse. With a start I realized that he was walking towards me. He'd pass right by me, and then he'd disappear again, right down the other hallway to whatever class might have piked his interests. Would it have been hard to just reach out and touch him? To put a reassuring hand against his arm to let him know... Something? Anything from me? When he'd pass by, I could just stick my hand out and stop him. Feel his stomach resist my hand for a moment before he realized he was being stopped. Maybe I could get a longer, fuller look at his hair, or his eyes that sometimes seemed to glow from under his hood. He'd be hesitant, but frozen as well. He wouldn't move, and I'd... What? What could I do or say to make him feel better? As he got closer, I felt any confidence I had on the subject falter. Yes, he was barely a foot in front of me, but the gap between us was undeniable. He stood at one end and I'm on the other. If I tried to build a bridge, I know it would be smashed to pieces. As he walked past, though, I still smell him . That constant smell of sea salt and Chocolate chip cookies that lingered after all these years, never changing. How that happened, I'm not sure, but he's always been like that. A constant. An immovable rock that stubbornly clung to the seashore, chipped away a little bit more, day by day. I hadn't realized that I'd been standing in the middle of the hall for so long until the bell rang again. I blinked, then checked my phone. Four different texts, all invites to specific lunch tables. I sighed, scanning them, but decided against it. Seeing him always did this to me. I want to feel the isolation. Understand why he does it. Even as I approach the lunchroom I can hear the laughter and the talking, echoing through the hallways and into my ears. They get mixed up in my head, constantly leaving a ringing in them. I shake my head, trying to filter the noises. Maybe that's one of the reasons. He never liked people talking over each other. I grab a slice of pizza today, along with some spring water. I'm quick to thank the lunch ladies, although they never usually cared. Instead, I gather my food and begin to trek towards the football bleachers. Some curious students look towards me, causing my eyes to roll. One of my 'friends' raises an eyebrow as I pass, probably wondering g if I'd be sitting next to him. I pass by swiftly. The bleachers were empty today, but that's why it's my own 'isolated' spot. No one enjoys sitting on hot metal in September, and no one in their right mind would check for me here. Still, it had its advantages beyond isolation. The view was spectacular, on some places I could see the rooftops of houses and even the school. Seemingly unenjoyable, yet with hidden surprises that seemed to brighten your day. It was a perfect representation of him. At one point my phone went off again, and although I wished I could turn it off and avoid the responsibilities I might have, I still found myself checking it. Piper: Where r u? It didn't even sound that interesting. She was obviously just trying to be polite, looking for a familiar face in a familiar crowd. As expected, she didn't text back until lunch had almost ended. Piper: You okay? I sighed, but replied, not wishing to worry my friend. Annabeth: Just doing extra credit. History grade is dropping. A blatant lie, but not at all impossible (although some would argue that claim). I just wanted to know: what would she reply with? Maybe an emoji, totally pointless, or a simple 'k' that meant nothing. I realized that's what I would get today: nothing. ... Third period was when it began. Ten minutes in, not a single word from me. Those who spoke to me regularly raised eyebrows, but none of them thought to ask what was wrong. In fact, a few of them pulled out phones and took pictures, texting them across the school. Within thirty minutes, everyone would be asking the same question: What is Annabeth Chase, the most popular, beautiful girl in Junior class moping about? I rolled my eyes, but stuck to flicking my pen around my desk. They could spread rumors today. I wasn't going to try and stop them this time. But ten minutes into silent reading and the door opens. As expected, even from me, everyone put down their books and chose to find entertainment in this unexpected interruption. Our teacher, Mr. Blofis, tore his gaze from his own book to handle whatever might be happening. So while everyone might've gone back to reading when they realized it was just another student transferring into the class, I found myself unable to breath. Because I knew that blue hoodie. I recognized the slouch as he stood or the way his head was still tilted downwards. He walked quickly, yet his footfalls made barely a whisper on the carpeted floor. I was once again astounded by his grace- the way he sometimes seemed to walk through walls and disappear in the blink of an eye. As he reached Mr. Blofis' desk, his left hand retreated to his pocket, pulling out a bright orange slip of paper. A class transfer slip. Mr. Blofis took it when it was offered, but with a curious raise of his eyebrow. I noticed how even as he turned towards his computer to confirm that this student was indeed transferring, he shot a glance or two in his direction. Judging by how he'd readjust his backpack and shift from one foot to the other, I'd guess he noticed. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity of staring, Mr. Blofis cleared his throat loudly, and I realize he's looking towards me. I blush, noticing that he too is now tilting his head towards me, putting me in his peripherals. I quickly pick up my own book, flipping to the page I was on last night. But even though my eyes are useless, my hearing is perfectly fine. Filtering out the noise of whispers and turning pages, I can just barely hear the shuffling of foot to foot. The satisfied grunt from a deep throat, obviously the teacher's. A silent command to take a seat, and the slow, methodical noise of his converse walking in my direction. My book is my last priority as he walks past, because my senses are in overload again. That smell that he leaves behind, taunting me. Reminding me of the most comforting moments of my life, turned bitter by my own idiocy. He does that to me. Strips me of the pride I have and shows me the truth. I am an idiot. There's