Hey Guys! Merry Christmas! I mentioned this story idea a while ago, and I've decided to turn it into a four-shot. Maybe a five-shot, depending on how I want this story to go. If anyone is a fan of Dungeons & Dragons, Pathfinder, or any other RPG, this is for you. It'll have story beyond that, of course. If anyone is interested, me and my friends play an RPG called Re-Grenade, but we've changed it up a bit to accommodate for our... strange playing style. Instead of Dungeons and Dragons (fantasy), we play more of a 'Walking Dead' game. I know some of you play. What's your favorite character that you've ever used (race, quirks, careers, etc)? In D&D, I've always been a Bard or a Rogue (he was a midwife. Long story), and in our Homebrew (that's what we call it) I'm an Albino Hobo named 8-12 (the world's equivalent to 7-11. There's a funny story behind that). He's basically a scavenger. Anyways, I can't really explain how I created this fic's D&D (I call it Mythomagic, because yeah), but keep an open mind. Second chapter might go into more detail about the play style. Anyways, I hope you enjoy! Disclaimer : I'm not Rick, and I owe no allegiance to any RPG franchise. Would they even sue? Freshman Year: (First Day:) Percy nervously ran his hand through his hair, frustration and nervousness becoming more and more noticeable with each passing second. He had thought his nerves had been shaken out of him when he went into middle school, but this was worse. Much, much worse. He knew that the 'back-of-the-class' tactic wasn't going to work. When had it ever worked before? "Umm...What?" He asked, now looking towards the front of his class and hoping the teacher might pity him enough to let him off with a warning. It was only the third day of high school, and he was already being called out. In History class, of all places. Mr. Dion was supposed to be a 'nice' teacher, not a jerk who gave out homework on the second day in his class. He'd talk to Grover about the importance of not lying to your friends later. He'd have make it through the rest of this class first. A few of his fellow Freshman off to his left snickered, and more than a few eyes were pointing in his direction. The teacher, a portly, red faced individual wear a very loud button up rolled his eyes at Percy, and he felt a sense of dread in his stomach. ' Just like middle school. Will high school be any different?' "As I was saying, Mr…?" "Jackson." Percy said quietly, ducking his head down immediately afterwards. "Very well, Johnson. I was asking you which came first: World War I or the Great Depression. Do you have an answer for that?" He asked, sitting at the front of his class by the projector. Percy tried desperately to glean some sort of knowledge about the subject from the few posters that sat on the walls, but didn't see anything. Everyone was still staring, except for a handful of students who probably didn't care. He sympathized with those students best. It wouldn't matter if he didn't know the answer, though, right? It was only his second day in this class, so it wasn't like he'd taught anything. Except… You know… The fact that the projector had been on before Percy had started to drift off. Percy bit his lip, trying to recall if he'd learned this in middle school or not. He sighed, defeated. "I don't know. The Great Depression?" He guessed. Judging by the eye roll he received from a few of the other Freshman, he'd guessed wrong. "See me after class, Johnson. Everyone, turn to page two hundred and forty seven, and try to stay awake for the next few minutes…" … It was hard, being a Freshman in high school. At least, it was for Percy. He didn't try to even hide the fact he'd given up on his first English assignment after only picking it up once. The words had fallen off the page, just like every other homework he'd had in the past. It felt like years since he'd understood anything his teachers had talked about. And, really, why would anyone give out homework on the second day in class? Percy put his hand on his locker, the old orange paint chipping away near the edges of it. He scowled, tugging at the handle and not even attempting to open it. The combination he'd been given must've been wrong or something, because he hadn't been able to open it yet. He watched, embarrassed, as Upperclassmen opened each locker easily, putting their stuff away and walking to their next classes without a second glance at him. His head hung, not knowing if it was good that no one paid him any attention or not. Long after the bell had rang it's final warning for Percy to go to his next class (Phs. Ed), he still struggled with the stupid combination. He grit his teeth, violently turning the wheel several times to restart. ' 12-3-16.' He recited in his mind. He'd memorized the numbers last night. He'd triple checked the paper the school had given him. He wasn't wrong about this. Still, as he inserted the last number, the door didn't budge. He was just about to punch the wall in frustration when he felt a tap on his shoulder. He reeled around, just about ready to scream if this was a teacher asking him 'what he was doing'. It was obvious, and any teacher should know exactly what he was doing. They were supposed to help him, not tear him down. He stopped short when he saw who it was. She was obviously a student, and as short as he was, which was saying something. He hadn't gotten his growth spurt quite yet, and she seemed to be stuck in the same boat. Blonde curls, jeans, a big sweater- her nose was red and she sniffled quickly, which probably meant she had a cold. Thick, square glasses sat on the bridge of her nose, making her giant grey eyes stand out more. She took a step back, startled by his sudden reaction. Percy realized he still looked like he wanted to punch a wall, with his face covered in a scowl and fists clenched at his sides. He quickly cleared his throat, shoving a hand through his hair again and trying to swallow the lump of anxiety that was caught in his throat. He'd just been caught trying to open his own locker by a pretty girl. He stood there awkwardly for a moment, wanting to step to the side and maneuver his way out of this situation. She stood in front of him, her hands cradling three or four books to her chest. In one quick movement, she wiped her nose and pushed her glasses up at the same time. Her eyes somehow got even bigger. Finally, after realizing she wasn't going to speak first, Percy spoke up. "Can I-" his voice cracked. Oh gosh. He coughed, trying to cover it up. "Can I help you?" He asked, still trying desperately to stop his face from flushing in embarrassment. She shifted from one leg to the other, still not speaking. Her head hung a bit low and she bit her lip. She didn't offer an answer. Percy frowned, his eyebrows probably doing that weird scrunch-y thing they did that his mom would coo over. He shoved his hand through his hair again. As if in answer, her nose scrunched up and her hand flew to her mouth and nose. " Ahh-chooo!" She sneezed, her whole body seemingly wrapping itself around the noise. One of her books- probably a History textbook -fell from her hands and directly onto his foot. Percy blinked once, twice, three times. That… Was the most adorable noise he'd ever heard. The girl hurriedly bent over and retrieved her book, much to Percy's embarrassment considering he'd been taught better than to just stand and watch. She stood readjusting her glasses again. "Ugh." She said, stepping forward and nudging Percy out of the way. Wordlessly, he complied as she opened… His locker. Her locker. Oh. The girl slowly put her books on the shelf, adjusting all of her stuff already inside of it. Percy say by, like an idiot, watching. He didn't exactly mean to, but he kinda peeked inside and saw quite a generous amount of fantasy novels inside, as well as a box of tissues. Stickers already decorated the walls, and Percy was glad he hadn't gotten into this particular locker. ' She has really, really pretty eyes.' He thought to himself. Percy was snapped back to attention when the locker he'd been looking into was slammed shut, right in his face. He hadn't even realized he'd been leaning towards it until he felt the metal barely graze his nose. She was looking at him, obviously annoyed. She was holding the box of tissues in her hand as well. "Sorry." He muttered, reaching into his back pocket while taking a step back. He knew he'd need the locker assignment paper again this week, just not for his locker number. "I thought-" The girl huffed, reaching forward and snatching the paper out of his hands before he could blink. Before he could protest, she shoved the tissues into his now empty hands. Tucking a few loose curls behind her ears, she scanned each line individually until she nodded. She looked towards him, barely glancing, and reached over to the locker beside her own. She gently tapped the metal with her fingernails. Hers was 255, his was 256. "I-" He began, still red faced. She cut him off with an eye roll, taking the tissues from his hands. Without waiting for a reply from him, she began walking down the hall, already blowing into one. "Get well soon?" He said, more to himself than her. She probably couldn't hear him. … Percy sat alone at his lunch table, barely touching his 'food'. He used the term 'food' loosely. Percy ate everything at home, but this wasn't food. His pizza might as well be made of cardboard, and the apple that came with it was more bruised than not. Even his milk was frozen- he barely got a sip. The tables all around him were packed with other students- mostly upperclassmen -laughing and talking and all around having a better time than he was. It was only Wednesday, but these kids seemed more prepared for what was to come. There were a handful of girls and guys in these fancy orange jackets, jumping between tables and talking, but they never ventured to Percy's. He's pretty sure they were student council. Besides him, there were these two brown haired kids, one of which Percy vaguely recognized from last year. The other had to be a sophomore, at the very least. They didn't talk to him. He didn't bother trying to talk with them. He saw that girl again, barely catching a glimpse of her walking towards the entrance to the library. He was tempted for a second to follow her lead, but decided that he didn't want to surround himself with books if he couldn't read them well. And it wasn't like he really knew her, he'd just met her. So he waited. He waited for the bell to ring so he could go to third period English. Maybe if he was lucky the teacher would be cool. "Percy!" Admittedly, he smiled. Grover was, and probably would remain until the end of their lives, his best friend. Sure, he was kind of nerdy, and wore the same rasta cap everyday, and kept stickers all over his crutches, and wouldn't shave that ridiculous wisp of a goatee- anyways, Percy liked him. They'd both been bullied through middle school by the