Ever since I became a vampire Edward can't keep his hands off me yeah before we made out and we touched but never erotically, but now he can't go an hour without kissing me! Anyway don't know how he's going to survive tomorrow because Emmett and Jasper are taking him hunting whilst Alice, Rosalie and Esme are taking me and Renesme shopping because apparently even though my fashion has improved since I became immortal it's still not good enough! Well those were Alice's words, I still don't get how such a little pixie like girl can have so much power! Anyway Edward even said he would go shopping and starve if he could be with me and Renesme! It's the night before and he's been following me around like a little puppy dog and staring at me and not just my beautiful eyes as he would say but my breasts and my ass and occasionally my womanhood, sometimes I think he doesn't just have the power to read minds but to see through clothing as well. Im walking towards the kitchen {because we invited Jacob and the pack over for Dinner and I volunteered to cook} and I can her the footsteps behind me fasten up and all of a sudden I feel two cold hands grab my ass. "Edward…you're family and Renesme!" "There in the other room…" "Still…I have to cook dinner" "So the wolves can wait" Edward said as he started kissing the back of my neck. I loved it when he did this but I had to cook dinner so I pushed him away and started washing my hands. I hear him groan like a child. "You know you could always just come hunting with me, what is there to buy anyway you've got tons of clothes!" "well not enough according to Alice, anyway I want some looser clothes, all this tight shit is making me claustrophobic!" "but all the 'tight shit' makes you look hot, especially your ass!" Edward said as he bit his bottom lip. "so basically you just want me in tight dresses so you can check me out?" "basically…" he smirked as he said this. "is that why you married me huh?...so you can check me out nonstop?" at this point I had already put the meat in the oven and was starting to chop the vegetables. This 'Super Vampire Speed' was really useful at times! "That and so I can make out with you…"he said this while laughing and before I knew it he was leaning in for a kiss and right at this moment Renesme and the pack walked in and started wolf whistling we smirked in the kiss and quickly broke away from each other. Renesme loves spending time with the pack, she doesn't mind if I and Edward kiss in front of her. "Hey, don't let us stop you!" Paul chuckled and with that I changed the subject quickly "there watching the game in the other room if you wanna go watch while the meat cooks…" I couldn't even finish my sentence and they were already gone except three, Jacob, Leah and Renesme. Jacob and Renesme took a seat at the island bench but Leah stood up jittering around like she was looking for someone and I knew exactly who that was, Esme. Leah had never really gotten on with any of the other Vampires except for me, Esme and Renesme. "Esme's in the study with reading if you wanna go see her?" "Thanks Bella!" she said as she skipped down the hall. "Renesme why don't you go with her?" "Okay" she said as she ran after Leah. So now it was just me Edward and Jacob, an extremely awkward trio! "So…umm yeah" Jacob said very awkwardly. "Im going to go watch the game." Edward said sensing Jacobs's awkwardness. After Edward left it was just me and Jacob and it was always better that way! Ever hear the saying '3s a crowd 2s company' well it was like that with us. "anyway im so glad the packs and everyone is getting on" "yeah its great…there's just one problem" "what?" "you married the blood-sucker and you're still married to the blood-sucker!" "Wait what I thought you were over this" "yeah so did I then seeing you come home from your second honey-moon I realised how much I missed you and how much better I would be with you." "Jacob were married and we have a child together and nothing's going to change that, I love you so much but I love Edward more!" then it hit me Jacob had been smiling this whole time he never use to do that when he would give his little speeches on ' you should be with me not him!' He was pulling my leg. The Jerk. All of a sudden Jacob was cackling "wait why are you laughing, that wasn't funny!" "because your face!" he said snickering. We carried on talking until the timer went off for the meat. After dishing up enough meals for the wolves and calling everyone in at the table {the Cullen's sat with the wolves while they ate they enjoyed they thought of it as having a family meal} the pack and Renesme started eating and lots of discussions started and this was how every meal went. I quickly ducked into the toilet because I just wanted to touch up my make-up and hair. Alice was right I did become more feminine after I became immortal. I quickly dashed back to my seat and I realised everyone was in the same conversation it was about being human and becoming immortal, for some reason the wolves found it very interesting. "Bella, you're the newest full Vampire what do you think about it?" Seth questioned "um well I don't really know much of the stuff that happens in the body ask Carlisle he knows" I quickly diverted the question because I honestly didn't know "no, I want to know how it felt like was it painful, changing?" Seth said as quick as possible not giving Carlisle a chance to speak "um well it…ahh" know I had everyone starting at me "it felt like giving birth but then when I was um dead it felt like if someone was to shove a pole through you then pull it out and try and fix you up but it's just not working, you feel as though ' this is the end my life is over' then your pain just kind of wears away like slowly, extremely slowly, and your left there your tremendously tired and you just want to go take a Nana Nap but you can't because now you're a vampire and your dead soon when the tiredness wears away and you wake up your feel like you could do anything and it's pretty amazing!" All of a sudden all the Cullen's are clapping for me whilst me and the pack are staring at them in confusion, finally Esme says "couldn't have described it better besides the giving birth and death part." We finish up dinner and all the boys go and watch the rest of the football game while Esme, Leah and I wash up. Alice, Rosalie and Renesme went back to our house and are looking at mine and Renesme's clothes. Soon it's about 9:30 and the pack decides to leave and everyone kind of does their own thing. I walk back to the house because Edward and Renesme are already there they left early to 'put Renesme to bed' I think Edward just wanted to get away from the wet dog smell. I was about to sit and read my book, when Edward leads me into our bathroom As I walk in the bath is filled with bubbles and there are candles everywhere and it looks so romantic. "After hearing your little speech about changing at dinner I decide seeing's though it was my fault your immortality was worse seeing's though you were also pregnant with a demon baby" with that I stared at Edward "who is now an amazing little girl, who by the way is fast asleep, I thought I would run you a bath!" "and give me a massage?" "yes, and give you a massage" "I love you" " I love you too" I walked over and stood at the edge of the bath I turned my head over my shoulder and said in the most seductive voice I could come up with "could you unzip the dress please?" Edward didn't say anything just came up behind me and slowly unzipped me. He started kissing my neck I quickly turned around and my mouth met his. He pushed my lips open with his tongue and deepened the kiss. I slowly reached up to his collar and started undoing his buttons on his shirt. Soon enough all the buttons were undone and he flicked the shirt off now his bare chest was exposed and goddamn was he hot! He quickly undid he's button and zipper on his jeans and pushed them down and kicked off his feet. We were now kissing more passionately then ever, his hands ventured from my waist up to the shoulders of my dress I quickly broke the kiss knowing what Edward wanted, I pulled my hands up and pushed down my dress know only in my bra and underwear. "I just wanna bath" we quickly undressed and got in the bath we relaxed, Edward gave me that massage and we got out, dried each other off, got dressed and watched a movie. *NEXT DAY* Everyone had said their goodbyes and were waiting in the cars except me and Edward because I was last out of the house besides Carlisle he had to work today. "I love you babe, I'll see you tonight okay?" "okay, I love you too bye." With a quick kiss on the lips I was out the door. We were heading for LaPush so it was a long enough drive. We went in two cars because Jacob insisted on coming, which Edward wasn't too happy about. Renesme really wanted to drive with 'Aunt' Alice, so I went in my car and picked up Jacob on the way which was good because I really had to talk to him. "look I know this is awkward but we need to talk about this" as I said this Jacob cocked his head to look at me. "what?" "look Renesmes getting older which means shes going to develop feelings and they may or may not be for you…" "what has Alice seen?" "look you can always change your future!" "will you just tell me already?" "okay Renesme might develop an interested in another guy and you might flip out and…" "who to?" "me" "…wait you why you?" "you say things like that I was stupid to sleep with Edward in the first place and that I should've just fallen for you and that though your happy that Renesmes in your life you can't stand to be around her knowing I created her!" "shit!" "look all im saying is just don't flip out at me okay I don't need that your my brother…who's imprinted on my daughter…holy shit we live in a crazy world!" I giggled "hey can I say something…you and Edward I was never going to come between you and I knew that so im sorry for the stupid things I did" "its okay it made me better taught me things like never punch a werewolf" I said as we laughed. The whole car ride we talked but all my mind was really set on was seeing Edward. When we got to the mall we spent most of the day shopping because we went into every shop. Jacob got bored 5 minutes in, I said he would but hey, don't listen to me. Alice picked out a lot more of tight dresses but I honestly didn't mind because they were pretty and