Chapter 1 ::XX::XX:: Foreword: I was particularly unsatisfied with how this story came together over the later chapters I'd published. It started as a really light-hearted, low-effort story that I wrote on because I wanted a change of pace. But I quickly realized that this story had the potential to be much more. With that in mind, I wrote (the old) chapter 6, and after doing so I immediately felt that the rest of the story just didn't live up to the chapter I had written. So, because of that, I decided to rewrite this story. The early chapters (mainly chapter 1 and chapter 2) will have important but minor changes... copy edits, and better writing mainly. But from chapter 3 onward, the story that I wrote will be different. Better I hope. Please know that I'm taking this story somewhat seriously now. I have it outlined, I actually created a Scrivener project for it and made a story bible for it... those sorts of things. All that is to say that there is very little in the story that isn't there for a reason now. You will indeed learn about the things that are teased at, you will learn about what is causing things to happen, and so on. Not all at once, not even soon, but it will come. This includes (but is not limited to): - Why Voldemort chose today, and seems set upon today no matter what - Why the time loops begin and continue - What the various characters are up to and what their involvement in this is This story will be Ron/Luna for basically the whole thing, but the (final) pairing for Harry will only come much later. ::XX::XX:: The day that Harry Potter died started like any other day, one might say. In fact, as we will soon find, that is perhaps the absolute perfect description you could give to this morning. Harry awoke with a bit of a jolt. Although he'd slept soundly last night, and felt fully rested, movement in the dorm had been what brought him out of his sleep, and as Harry opened his eyes, he just caught the sight of Neville leaving the room. Harry looked at the window. It couldn't be much later than 6:30... Annoyed, Harry turned over, and decided to sleep a bit more. He didn't know if he'd fallen back asleep, (it certainly didn't feel like it), but some time had seemed to pass, and by the time Harry had become aware of his surroundings once more, Ron was digging through his things, looking for something. It still looked like it was early morning outside. Glancing around the room, Harry realized that Dean and Seamus had already left. "What're you looking for?" Harry asked slowly. It was a springtime Saturday... from the looks of it, a sunny one. "You remember how I slipped away to use to loo last night after dinner?" Harry just blinked at Ron, waiting for him to continue. "Well... I came up here to get something for Gin afterward and there was a note on my bed." Harry was confused. Ron seemed so nervous... what had the note said? "And?" "And... it was... fromasecretadmirer." Ron flushed instantly, sticking his nose back in his trunk, continuing his search. Harry broke into a smile for his friend, but it still didn't explain why he was rifling through his things. "So then what are you looking for?" Ron stopped and looked up at Harry, still flush, opening and closing his mouth several times. "It... the note asked me... to come meet them by the lake this morning..." Ron looked away, obviously embarrassed again. "And it said... whoever wrote the note... well, they like my hair when it's swept back, like after a Quidditch game... so... I thought I'd... y'know... put it... like that." Harry nodded, not knowing what else to say, and got out of bed pulling on his clothes for the day. By the time he'd finished brushing his teeth and came out of the bathroom, Ron was gone, apparently off to meet his match. Harry smiled again. Ron deserved some happiness. Curiosity suddenly piquing, Harry walked over to the window and looked down at the lake to see if he could make out Ron and his secret admirer. He could see a person that was definitely Ron at the shore, yelling at someone with brown hair... she almost looked like Hermione. Harry's eyes nearly bugged out of his head. Had Hermione left the note for Ron? The idea made him a bit uneasy, and he wasn't completely certain why. Sure there were signs... but he felt kind of... sidelined; kind of jilted. He didn't want to be a third wheel. Looking down at the shore, Harry saw another person standing next to the pair with long blond hair, and he saw another red-head approaching them. That must be Ginny. Staring intently, Harry tried to understand the conversation from the window by observing their body language, but all Harry could make out from that was Hermione shouting "You insensitive clod!" and Ron firing back "Why are you so difficult!?" But after a few moments Harry gasped as Hermione slapped Ron across the face, storming off. Harry ran towards the dormitory door immediately running down to the common room. He was almost out the portrait-hole when he realized he'd left his wand back in his trunk. Running back up to his bed and grabbing his wand, he got down to the common room again to find Hermione sitting at one of the tables looking thoroughly upset. ::XX::XX:: Unsure, Harry glanced at the portrait-hole for a second before walking over to the table. They were the only two in the common room... and why not on such a beautiful Saturday morning? Everyone else was either at breakfast or out enjoying the sun. As Harry got closer though he realized that Hermione wasn't just upset... her cheeks were a bit wet, and she didn't seem to be turning the pages of her book at all. "Umm... hello Hermione," Harry offered lamely. "You alright?" She looked up at him with red eyes, but she didn't really look sad, and she didn't seem to be crying anymore. At least that was a good thing... Harry didn't particularly like dealing with crying girls. "Ron can be so dense sometimes," she stated simply. Harry shifted. He wasn't an expert on romance or the female species, but that statement seemed to say to him that Hermione had indeed been the one who left the note on Ron's bed. "Don't worry, I'm sure Ron likes you too, he's just a bit slow, that's all." Harry smiled reassuringly. However quite unlike what Harry had been hoping, Hermione seemed to withdraw and become even moodier at the words of comfort. She closed her eyes and sighed, standing. When she opened her eyes again, Harry could tell that she was hurt. Perhaps he hadn't seen it before because she hadn't looked at him squarely, but she was definitely hurt. "Sometimes you can be as dense as Ron," she nearly whispered before whisking past him to the girl's dorms, leaving Harry to try and understand what had just happened. He looked at the stairs, trying to put together what was going on. Girls were so frustrating sometimes. Figuring that Ron might need someone to talk to as well, Harry stepped out of the portrait-hole and proceeded down the stairs to the entrance hall. He could hear the chatter from the Great Hall... most people were still having breakfast. Walking out the front doors, Harry started down towards the lake's edge, only to see Ginny and Ron, er... "exchanging some words". He started to pick up the conversation as he drew closer. "...as a brick! Honestly, why would you do something as stupid as that?" Ginny gave her brother a piercing gaze. "How was I supposed to know she wasn't waiting for me? It was all just a big misunderstanding!" Harry continued approaching the pair curiously. Hermione hadn't been waiting for Ron? "I don't know why she got so upset; she just blew up at me!" "And how do you think Luna feels!?" Harry looked past Ginny and for the first time identified the blond-haired witch that had been out on the grass. Had she left the note? Ron looked uneasy at the question and glanced over at Luna. The normally spacey girl seemed to be paying rapt attention. Harry pondered jumping in to break the pair up when Luna seemed to preempt him. "Ginny, thanks for being so supportive, but Ronald won't listen to what you're saying." Ginny looked at the girl, some of the anger draining from her flushed face. The blond girl stared at the two with her wide eyes that seemed to be eternally shocked, but at the moment felt much more knowing. "Really, I just wanted to have a talk with him by myself, but it looks like everyone has been having words with Ronald but me. Harry's even come out to say something." Ginny and Ron both turned and noticed Harry for the first time, who suddenly felt very on-the-spot. "Er, just wanted... to find out what was going on..." Ginny looked back at Ron, shooting him a final glare, before stomping up to Harry and grabbing his arm. "C'mon," she said, starting to drag him away. "Let's leave them to chat." Harry followed her lead, and with a last glance over his shoulder, they passed through the Entrance Hall, heading in to have some breakfast. "So what was that all about?" Harry asked the fiery girl. Ginny glanced at him before grabbing some toast. "Luna left Ron a note asking him to meet her by the lake last night." She stopped and Harry waited for her to continue. "Um... how did you know what was up?" he asked, trying to pry more information from her. "Luna had me put the note on his bed," she said matter-of-factly. Harry nearly smacked himself in the forehead. Of course! How else would a Ravenclaw get a note onto the bed of a Gryffindor? "But that doesn't explain Hermione or anything." "Well..." Ginny trailed off and focused on her toast for a moment. "Ron saw Hermione at the lake and assumed she'd left the note." She glanced at Harry before looking back at her food. "You know how he's always fancied her." It was something that was unspoken. Harry knew it, somewhere in the back of his mind; how could he not? But it wasn't something he'd ever talked about with Ron before, so in a sense it was something he didn't "know", merely something that he suspected. Ginny referencing it out loud seemed to make it uncomfortably clear for him, and Harry once again felt as if he were being forsaken... an appendage to his friends. "But, of course, Ron approached it the way he approaches everything: head first." Ginny took a bite of her thoroughly buttered toast. "Too bad he's such an arse." "What happened then?" Harry prompted. "Well," she started, swallowing her food. "Ron waltzed up to Hermione and started talking about how glad he was that she finally came around, and that she didn't need to write anonymous notes to tell him she fancied him." Ginny sighed. "By the time Hermione figured out what he was on about, Ron had gone and dug himself a rather embarrassing and deep hole of assumptions. Hermione was not very pleased, and explained to Ron that she didn't send him any letter, and that someone else must have left the note. Unfortunately, Ron's skull is thicker than Dean's... well, you know." After a split second, Harry's brain caught up with his ears, and he blanched at Ginny. "Gin, I'm trying to have breakfast. No comparisons to anyone's bits." She rolled her eyes, and kept going. "Ron thought that she was pulling a joke on him naturally, and laughed at her rebuffs, which