A/N: This is an idea that popped in my head and I wanted to write it. Kristen Stewart is still my Bella, but Gerard Butler with the semi long hair is my Marcus. Images on blog. Abandon all expectations. Thanks to ForksPixie & stephlite for looking over this. All things Twilight are the property and ownership of S. Meyers. I make no money from my obsession. A Six Foot Request BPOV The sun was beaming down on me and I was glaring at my shadow. Jealousy. I wanted to be in the dark, covered and out of the light. But I had decided to move back to Phoenix. It had been a while, but I thought that maybe I could forget about the cold. However, it is hard to forget something that you crave. I decided to go back into the house. Renee and Phil were nice enough to let me have it once they had finally settled in California. I had a little sister now named Shannon. Renee had decided to try to give it one more try. The past ten years had been a little rough on her, Charlie, and Phil. A little . Well okay maybe it was a little more than a little. I walked over to my couch and picked up the last picture I took with Charlie. It was the day I decided to move on. I was a fool. I couldn't let go. I knew I never could. His hold on me was forever and I was stuck in this pain. Ten years ago my life altered, shifted in a way that fragmented my soul. I was in love with a vampire, an immortal creature that charred forever his image into my brain. Edward Cullen. Edward Cullen. E-d-w-a-r-d. Yes I could say his name comfortably now. Yet, when he left…. The mere utterance of his name sent me into fits. I was damaged goods, made unusable by one boy, one ageless boy. "The incident," as I liked to call it, was the catalyst. Even though now I believe it was coming sooner or later. He was going to find a reason to be rid of me. I was not his mate. I was not enough for him. For if I was, he would have never left me in that forest. But I believed the words that he said to me. I believed them because it seemed right. I was found in those woods still calling his name. I whispered them constantly till I could not even speak, but his name echoed in my mind. Charlie had no idea what to do. When he spoke with Renee about committing me, I knew I had to snap out of it. The doctors would end up keeping me there forever with the things I might say under treatment. Even though they had left me, I knew I still had to keep the secret. I hid my grief and the pain from Charlie as best I could. However at night, the nightmares flowed through me and there was no denying that I was not better. School was not working out. The constant stares and whispering from the Forks High population began to wear on me. Angela was my saving grace. She suggested that I just get away from Forks. That there was nothing left keeping me and I was slowly dwindling away. I talked it over with Charlie and told him my idea. He felt like a failure, but I couldn't keep up the façade, not in this town. I was going to go back to Phoenix. Renee and Phil still had their house there and I knew the area well. Charlie was worried about me being by myself. However, the solitude was just what I needed. The day I left, it snowed. I let the snowflakes fall on my face and shivered as they melted on my warm skin. It was like his fingers were touching my face, ghosting over every curve. That's when I realized how much I craved the cold. I would love to feel him touching me again igniting the burgeoning passion I had planned to discover through him. I couldn't help but smile at the thought and basked in the chill. An all too familiar voice had brought me out of my thoughts. Jake. He was another reason I was leaving. The constant hovering was agonizing. " I haven't seen you smile like that in a long time Bells." I looked down at him and tried not to sigh. He had been trying so hard to get me to love him. My heart belonged elsewhere. Jake was warmth, light. He was false and my heart knew it. " I'll miss the weather," I responded to him. " The weather? Is that all you will miss?" He smirked and I definitely have to do this now. " Once I leave here Jake, I will try to forget every single thing I have encountered here." His smile fell and it hurt to say that. It wasn't true as I would never forget this place, Charlie, Jake, or them. I had to because Jake was the type of guy to hold on forever. I could not let him do that. " Oh well…I see." Jake looked down at his feet. Charlie came out with the rest of my bags. He was going to take me to the airport. I wish I could have gotten out of it, but he was very persistent. " Goodbye Jacob." " Bye Bells." And that was the last I ever saw or spoke to Jacob Black. The ride to the airport was silent. I was thankful Charlie wasn't a talker. He gave me more pepper spray and told me to call once I got settled. He hugged me tight and wished me luck. He didn't ask me to come back to visit because he knew I wouldn't come back. I hated him feeling like he did, like he had failed. It wasn't his fault. I was just too far gone to recover completely. I told him I loved him and gave him the biggest hug I could. He got a little choked up and squeezed me tight. " Bells, I will always be here for you. No matter what. Please… please don't ice your heart. You're too young to let it ice up forever." I just sighed at his words. I gave him one last look before I went through security and walked away to the sun. I arrived in Phoenix with the sun blaring down on me. I thought that would be just great. It would help me forget the cold I desired. I hopped in a cab and headed to my old home. Renee wouldn't be out until two weeks to make sure I was okay. So I had some time to myself, to have my nightmares without her talks of committing me. She had left her car there, so I could get around when I was ready to. Phil was even nice enough to transfer some money into my account. I didn't have to worry about much for at least a couple of months. When I crossed the threshold, I remembered that I was still screwed. There were memories here as well. James had been in my old house. Edward had saved me in Phoenix. The entire family minus Esme and Rosalie had come. Still it was not as bad. I could avoid the hotel and the ballet studio had been burned down. I could do this. Well I thought I could anyway. I was sadly mistaken. The first couple of days I worked hard clearing off the sheets off the furniture. I dusted and picked up a few essentials from the store. As the week ended, all the utilities were back on, the car was registered in my name and I was a resident again of Phoenix, Arizona. I stood back and looked around proud of my hard work. I had another week till Renee visited, seven days. I didn't know what else to do. The panic set in as I worried I would start to remember how shitty my life really is. I tried to take some calming breaths and then leaned against the fridge in the kitchen. The chill against my back soothed me. I wanted more of it, but hated the need for it. I stayed there all night, stiff once the sun rose. I knew I couldn't live my life in front of the fridge, but I wasn't ready to escape. So I thought of other ways to keep the cold and function. Cold showers became my new obsession. It was the only thing that would help me sleep. However, as the week wore on, it wasn't enough. I couldn't live in the shower either. I couldn't take trying anymore. It became too much and I cried till my tears wore out and my sobs tired. I couldn't sleep, I couldn't eat, and my spot in front of the tub became my living grave. Renee showed up right on time to find me curled in the fetal position on the floor of the bathroom. I had let the memories consume me and take over my mind. For almost three days, I had been in the same spot because I lacked the courage and the strength to try to live. I could only imagine what Renee saw when she arrived. I feel bad about it now, but then, I didn't give a shit. I woke up a few days later in what I thought was a hospital. It was a hospital, but for the mentally ill. Renee betrayed me and had me committed. When I was finally seen by a doctor, I was told I was in St. Mark's Behavioral Health Facility in Phoenix. Dr. Albertson seemed like a nice guy, but I didn't want to talk to him about my problems. I couldn't talk to him about my problems. " Oh doctor, my vampire boyfriend just couldn't man up and change me, so he left when his brother tried to have me for dinner." Yes that would have given me a permanent seat there. Albertson, as I said before, was nice. However, he didn't know the human mind no better than he could see the bald spot on the back of his head. I felt sorry for his patients who could really use the help. I stayed for just over a year. I made friends, superficially of course, and did my group therapy just the way they all wanted us to. Albertson played right in my hands as I used my grief of moving, dejected by the boyfriend, parent's divorce for the reasons behind my behavior. I used whatever I could as my root issue. The problem was that I just missed the cold. When I was released, Charlie and Renee were worried about me going back to the house on my own. I assured them that I just needed a fresh start. So I continued to bury it down. I got a job at a rare books store and even attended college courses at night. They thought I was fine and left me alone. Charlie visited me once, but my standoffish behavior only distanced him from me. It didn't matter as the following year, he and Sue Clearwater got married. He didn't bother me too much after that. I don't think he gave up, but he just didn't know what to do anymore. That was year two. I call it the "Year of Denial". The year I tried to act like the Cullens never happened. Year three I had a revelation, I can't forget about them. I will never forget Esme and her motherly ways, Jasper and his easy going nature, Emmett and his boisterous laughter, Alice and her pushy personality, Rosalie and her beauty, Carlisle and his need to take care of his family…. and finally Edward. I would never