A/N: This chapter was the one shot I wrote for the CarlWard Contest in January 2011. That's right Carlisle and Edward…romantically *waggles eyebrows*. I had originally wanted Carlisle's POV in it too, but didn't get a chance to write it in time for the contest. So it's 3 parts, a three-shot if you will. LOL! Many thanks to stephlite and TheFaintHeart for the original beta job for the contest piece. Also thanks to abbymickey24 and SweetT129 for looking over it after my recent edits. Lastly, thanks to my girls TheLyricalCutie & SagaDevotee for pre-reading. All things Twilight are the property and ownership of S. Meyers. I make no money from my obsession. Chapter 1: The Plunge - EPOV When I first stepped out of the car, I could not stop the smile from coming over my face. I was finally happy. I felt like twirling around in the center of the campus lawn and tossing my hat into the air, very much like Mary Tyler Moore. I finally got the chance to start over. This year – this school – was going to be different. I would finally be on my path to being Dr. Edward Masen. My big brother Emmett was helping me unload my car at my new dorm. A year and a half ago when he asked me to apply to Knox-Whit University, I laughed him off. Who wanted to go to the same school as your star-athlete brother? I knew I didn't. I felt that going to KWU would put me in Emmett's shadow, and I wanted to be my own man, so I applied at several other schools. Had I known what my freshman year was going to be like at the 'Puritan School Of Destroying Your Hopes and Dreams While Alienating You Because You Go Against The Norm,' I certainly would have reconsidered. I had chosen an extremely small school in a small town in Rhode Island. I had seen their advertisement in the counselor's office at my high school. My mom and I flew out from our hometown of Chicago to visit their campus. Everything seemed wonderful, from their small class ratios to the high matriculation rates. I also was told they had an excellent Pre-Med program and Medical Schools gladly accepted their graduates. Unfortunately, I later discovered that it was a nursing program with a concentration in Pre-Med studies, but by that point, I was well into the semester. That should have been my first clue that things weren't right there, but it was only the tip of the iceberg. Remember the happy face. Yes, that was my past. But I was a KW Wildcat now and I was free to be me. Emmett was so happy that I was here; I could tell that he had missed me. We had always been close and enjoyed going to the same school when we were growing up, even though we were on different sides of the spectrum – him being the popular jock and lovable guy while I was the shy kid dipped in geek with a dorky nougat center. Emmett had said college life would combine all of that. It was a place where football players partied with the chemistry students, but he had yet to tell me why. Instead, he was going on and on about all the parties he was going to take me to. He was even more excited that I could come to all his games. It all sounded great, and, even more, this place felt right. With almost a week before classes started, I had some time to get myself settled. Then I could experience it all. We finally reached my room, and the door was already open. There, in the middle of the room, was a half naked, chestnut-skinned hottie, whose back muscles greeted me before his ass did. Emmett had been kind enough to set me up with a roommate who he said shared my interests. I was thinking more along the lines of Pre-Med student, a piano player, or a Sunday morning crossword completer. However, his introduction immediately narrowed it down to the point. "Damn Emmett! You told me your brother was a geek! This is not a geek – more like spank-bank material." Emmett's face turned four shades of red. "Dude. I don't even want to know. Edward, this is my fan-club president, Jacob Black." Emmett slapped Jake on his shoulder and Jake winced. Heavy-handed bastard. "Oh Emmett, I love it when you're rough. Now get out. We roomies have to get acquainted." Jake winked at me and Emmett chuckled as he backed out of the room. "Eddie, my boy, welcome to heaven. I'll see you boys at dinner." With that, he was gone and I surveyed the room to find band posters on the wall and a poster above Jake's bed of that young British actor girls were always swooning over. Jake and I chatted a little while I unpacked. He told me about how he met Emmett in the gym and how they quickly became friends. Jake was a sophomore engineering student and was full of jokes. I could see why he and my brother had hit it off – he was easy to like. He came from a reservation back west with a very supportive family. When he came out to his dad, he was loved even more for being honest with himself. It was like what I had back home – a great support system. It helped that Emmett and I had two moms when I came out – they understood. I'd been happy to have it, but I sometimes thought the easy and accepting life I faced at home was what caused me to suffer so harshly at my old school. Jake decided that I needed a proper tour of campus and our first stop was, of course, the cafeteria. Go figure. Jake was cut, but if he was friends with Emmett, I knew he could put it away. Our second stop was what he called 'Call 911 for Me' Row or to the rest of the college population, it was known as Frat Row. I had never seen such an active Greek life other than on TV – it was like walking onto a movie set. There were a few guys sitting out front, greeting people that walked past, and another set of guys were tossing a football around the yard. The girls from the sorority houses across the street were putting up welcome signs and squealing with the return of each of their housemates. It was classic. Jake explained each of the houses, their mottos, and his thoughts on their organization. It was very entertaining and educational; I now knew not to eat anything made by the sisters of Kai Beta. We were getting close to his favorite frat house, the one that Jake said he would be pledging this year. He was very enlightening as he listed the finer points of the frat, from their motto to the benefits post graduation. Jake seemed to know what he was talking about and so I was suddenly interested in learning more about Nu Alpha Tau. Jake stopped suddenly, and I looked up at his face to see if he was okay. I observed that he was breathing a little heavier and his eyes were glazed over. I searched in the direction of his gaze and found what I knew had caught his focus. Hot. Tingling. Vibrating. Butterflies. Comatose. "That, right there," Jake said softly, "is the hottest man to ever grace this planet." I was too lost to comment. "Edward, meet perfection: Mr. Carlisle Cullen. Carlisle. I was not looking at a mortal man. It was impossible to belittle him as such. He stood at least 6'2'', and was toned, with a chiseled face and brown hair that curled slightly on its ends. His white t-shirt and a pair of jeans adorned his body lovingly. Dear God I am jealous of those jeans. His smile was alluring and I was enthralled by the way his hand kept going through his hair. Carlisle's confidence was evident in the way he stood so strongly. I realized then that I wanted his power all over me. A young woman came to stand beside him. I was jealous of the smile he gave her, even more so when he kissed her lightly and squeezed her close. She looked perfect for him. The guy they were talking to moved into my line of vision, and I growled lowly. He was blocking my eye candy. When the unnamed guy moved out of the way, the object of my desire looked right at me. His eyes burned so much that they were almost deadly. No longer smiling, his welcoming lips had spread into a thin line. It was too intense and I had to break the stare. "Edward, you my friend, have just been farmed." Jake laughed and nudged me back toward our dorm. "FUCK! He was gorgeous." I couldn't hide the enthusiasm in my voice, but Jake's previous comment brought about a question. "Farmed? What do you mean?" "Ha! Dude I saw you, all swooning and eye-fucking Carlisle. It's a shame and a disgrace that he is straight. Many a gay man has crossed his path and swooned, faltered, and cried after seeing him. His nickname in the frat is 'The Farmer.' He is from some country town and his dad is a farmer, I think. But, it's not corn Carlisle is farming here; it's broken-hearted boys like you and me." I laughed at Jake's reply. He was right though. I was caught up in him. "So the girl?" I asked, wanting to know more. "Esme Platt. His hometown honey." "Do you have anything else to add to that?" Jake laughed at me, but didn't disappoint. "I knew I would like you. I've been waiting on someone to share my love for that man. Here's the scoop: he's 21, won't be 22 until next year. Like I said before, Esme is his girlfriend from home, and has been with him since like, babies or something. He's a senior; Pre-Med." Jake wiggled his eyebrows. "Oh my god. I may see him in my classes." "Doubt it, sophomore. Carlisle is smart. Super smart. He's probably working on just his thesis now." Jake gave me a pouty look. "It's okay, you can cry on my shoulder." I punched him in his arm as we made it back to our room. The week passed quickly, and finally, we were starting our first official day of classes. My two classes that morning were mainly introductions, the professor's expectations, reviewing the syllabus, and general information on the subject. As I went over the first syllabi, I was floored by the material we would be covering before midterm. It looked like KWU was actually going to make you learn something. The geek in me rejoiced, though, the latent party animal, dying to be reborn, was a bit forlorn. I was making my way to my Anatomy II on the other side of campus. It was only my first day in this class, and it looked like I was going to be late. Great! This was going to be a challenge for me on Mondays and Wednesdays – I had Calculus III right before in Kirby Hall, and would have to practically run all the way across campus to make it on time to the science building. I rushed through the classroom door and quickly grabbed the closest seat. The lecture had already started, but it didn't seem like I had missed much. "…and your lab will consist of 25% of your grade. You will mostly work individually in lab, but you will have a partner from time to time." Dr. Sam Uley was a well-respected professor, though a bit pretentious. He seemed bored already, so I guessed that this was either going to be an easy class, or he was