OK , my Creative Writing professor suggested writing this to get used to the concept of feedback and criticism, so here it is. I'm not a fan of Twilight. I don't like the views it promotes or the obvious gender stereotyping, and I can say with utter certainty that Isabella 'Co-Dependent' Swan is the least likeable heroine to ever be created in the literary world. That said, I want to alter it and twist it all around into something new that, hopefully, someone out there will enjoy. Also, sorry for any out of place timelines or references - like I said, I know the stories of the Saga but not religiously so there's bound to be an error in there somewhere. Thank you for any favourites, follows, reviews, or whatever you fancy throwing my way in response to this. I have no idea if people will like it. (Every chapter will have a song I listened to while creating it scribbled at the top.) 1 Gimme Shelter, The Rolling Stones American schools were somehow both identical and completely different to British ones. Sure, they had that God awful cat poster tacked to the wall - whoever created and distributed that monstrosity needed to be shot - and there was the obvious mould on the ceiling, the broken radiator that blasted heat twenty four-seven rather than just occasionally in winter, and the iconic, blinking fluorescent yellow light sputtering above her, which always made her feel paranoid over possibly becoming epileptic. All of these things, flaws though they were, felt familiar. She could be attending any high school in the world with those details. But, this school was also alien to her. For one thing, the small town of Forks wasn't quite up to date with modern technology and so, suffered through the unbearably slow, cube shaped computers that felt like they belonged in museums. If there was one thing she would miss Littleton's Comprehensive School for, it would be the power of Google and all its wonder. Of course, she wasn't going back there ever again. It wasn't one of those 'problem child' situations - she hadn't killed someone or knocked out some Mean Girls' wannabe with one of the frying pans from Cookery class. Nope, instead, it was her worst nightmare. Her dad died. He had a heart attack, plain and simple. Except it wasn't. Because she wasn't particularly sure of how to navigate her life without him in it. Just thinking about him made her feel that unrelenting, sharp ache in her chest. People didn't lie when they said you always remember the little things. Her father was longing memories of bright orange hair identical to her own, an awful singing voice that wailed to Led Zeppelin or The Moody Blues, brilliant omelettes or awful tea which was always too milky. He was what she took for granted, the things she thought were part of the scenery until they were ripped away from her. It felt like a phantom stabbing. Everyone always thought of tears or absolute silence or zombification when it came to grief - but she hadn't reacted that way. She'd cried at the funeral, bawled into her brother's shoulder like a newborn baby, and then, in some mutually silent agreement, she and her sibling had tried to toughen up and continue living because they both knew it was what he would've wanted. That didn't mean she wanted to talk about it to a stranger, however. "How're you feeling?" Her eye twitched. She couldn't stop it if she'd tried. Really? How are you feeling? She was feeling pretty damn bad and wished she was addicted to something, like cigarettes or cocaine or Gossip Girl , to take her focus away from her own head. It was a jumbled mess in her skull as it was, never mind this guy's attempt to poke around in it - a man who seemed to be attempting the role of Freud and Jerry Springer's love child. The guidance counsellor opposite her was portly, red faced and balding; not the inspirational, motivational, aspirational (anything, really, with 'ational' attached) person he thought he was. "I'm feeling like chips," she replied, nonchalantly, shrugging. "Oh you call them 'fries' right?" She asked seriously. "You should know, those thin sticks you consider fries are not nearly, not on this Earth, as good as the stuff back home. Man, I really miss chips." "Miss Brennan." She blinked widely and innocently up at him, "Yes, Mr," she looked pointedly and rather sardonically at the in-your-face, proudly placed, Mr R. Davies name holder plastered boldly in front of her, on top of the oak desk, "oh, Davies, was it? Mr Davies . Does the R stand for Roger by any chance? I'm a huge fan of JK." Said man's eyes practically begged to be rolled, but he clearly restrained himself if the vein pulsing on his forehead was any suggestion. She wasn't trying to actively give her counsellor an aneurism – she just really didn't want to do this. Guidance counselling was not her thing. If Jon didn't have to go, and her elder brother was most definitely less sane than she was, which was saying something, then she didn't think she should be confined to the stiflingly hot, incredibly awkward atmosphere, reminiscent of the nine circles of Hell, either. Instead, she was forced to deflect and joke her arse off until he freed her. "Miss Brennan, you have attended two of these sessions so far, with little success. I realise moving to a new school, and a new country, is stressful given your… situation , but do you feel like you can take this session seriously?" She thought about it. She really, really did. "No. I doubt it," she said honestly, her voice monotonous. "It's not you, it's me. I'm just not that into you. Picture every clichéd breakup movie speech and apply it to me, you and our unfortunate situation." She leaned forward, trying to sound earnest for once rather than sarcastic, "I know I need to go through the stages of grief, hold hands with hippies, stare moodily at a lake and all that fun stuff, but honestly? I just want to attempt American high school. It's my first day. Last week, I didn't say anything because I hadn't officially begun; but now? Can I please be excused before I'm late for my first lesson?" He sighed, rubbing his watery blue eyes wearily. "You may leave, Miss Brennan," he said, defeated. "Thank you." With a small, triumphant, empty smile, Nora quickly hopped out of her seat, grabbed her satchel from the floor, and headed out of the classroom, breathing in a gulp of fresh… hallway air. Hm, maybe she'd wait to do the dramatic exit when she actually left the building. Which wouldn't be until the gruelling day of torture, in the form of high school education, had ended. Joy. She glanced down at her handy dandy school map, as well as the timetable, and attempted to guide herself, emulating Columbus, to her English class. Luckily, after a briefly awkward nod and handing over of the sacred 'new-girl-in-school' note to the teacher, she was told to snag the remaining seat near the back and practically slammed her forehead on the desk in an effort to escape the curious glances boring, unrelentingly, into her face. Ah well, at least the desk was cool and she wouldn't resemble a tomato when she was forced upright. Eventually, the teacher - dismissing the need to introduce the new girl, and God did she thank him for it, the saint - explained that the lesson would simply be individual study, analysing certain chapters of the book, and left them to do their thing. She would start reading and highlighting like a maniac, and forget about the horrific counselling session and all the memories she had forcibly tucked away to remember after school, in private. Simple enough. Of course, that peace was soon ruined in the form of her hastily thrown, open bag. "Bloody hell," she cursed, grabbing her sprawled textbooks and pens from the desk and throwing them haphazardly into her satchel. So much for neatness and organisation. Pfft. As if she were neat or organised or able to function normally. Oh, pipe dreams. Embarrassed, Nora tucked a thick strand of hair behind her ear and offered her partner - who she'd barely noticed up to that point - a sheepish grin. The ridiculously handsome boy beside her offered a small, polite if a bit distant smile in response. Alrighty then. Not wanting to dwell on her own thoughts longer than she had to, she introduced herself, "I'm Nora." She offered an awkward wave, "and I'm not usually this clumsy. Sorry about," she gestured to where she'd knocked his pristine notebook and copy of the novel sideways in her rush, "that." And honestly, she wasn't. She figured it was a mix of first day in a new school jitters and Jesus-Christ-I'm-living-in-a-new-country nerves. "It's quite alright," he replied, quietly, and again, politely. "My name is Edward Cullen." Edward, huh. She tried to remember if she'd ever met an Edward before and came up blank. She smiled, "You're the first Edward I've ever met. Not that that's impressive, really," she mused, "you can't exactly be impressive for something you didn't choose yourself. But I like meeting people with new names. It would get a bit boring if I just had a harem of Edward's," she muttered to herself. Hm, that was probably a weird thing to say. Going by his slightly raised eyebrows, anyway. She shrugged, "I tend to speak my thoughts aloud." His lips twitched and she counted it as a win. "I noticed." Her eyes narrowed, examining his absurdly flawless face. She wondered how much time it took him to perfect his bronze hair and compared it to those creepy Ken doll-styled boy bands that were becoming increasingly popular and increasingly self-entitled. She despised perfectionism. She was too damn lazy for it. She supposed he did look good… Oh, who was she kidding? His face irritated her. It was all pale skin, sharp cheekbones and a straight nose. Part of her wanted to punch him just so his nose would resemble a human being's rather than the cast of 90210 . God forbid anyone remind her of that devil's spawn of a programme. "You're not much of a talker, are you?" She said, tapping her pen absently against the counter and reading over today's chapter. He looked affronted, for no reason whatsoever, and a little amused. In fact, his stare made her feel like one of those seals clapping for an audience at SeaWorld. She was not a seal. Her glare hopefully clarified that. On that note, she turned back to her novel for the second time, hopefully taking in what she was reading this time rather than staring at the words, dazed and blank like a Stepford wife. All of the American education system confused her. Apparently she was a junior in 11th grade because she was still seventeen and, although she'd considered going in as a senior, she didn't want to ruin her chances of a good education; after all, if she didn't understand it now, why dive in the deep end and get eaten brutally by sharks? That analogy got away from her a bit… But, she was coping. Trudging through it like it was all an extended episode of Glee and she'd lost the remote. And boy, were these people chipper enough to get away with the comparison. She'd already been molested by some blonde kid named Mike who reminded her of a spaniel on ecstasy; he had attempted to suavely guide her to the counsellor's office until her deadpan stare eventually made him back the hell off. She was slightly upset that she no longer had the same lessons as back in England, either. Over there, one mathematics class was enough but here it was all