I don't own Twilight and never will. Just having some fun with the characters. Leave me a review and tell me what you and Thank You. I'm her, you know, the girl you've always seen, but never really saw. Sad isn't it? It's always been that way so why should it change now that I've moved back to La Push. I lived there until I was five, then my parents divorced, and my mom took me to live in Seattle. It's not like it is far from La Push but at 16 years old this is the first time I've been back since their split. I'm only back now, because my stepdad took a job in Port Angeles, and mom wanted to be closer to her sisters again. My life has been anything but exciting. Now I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that moving to boring little La Push isn't going to change that at all. It's not like it doesn't rain in Seattle but my goodness I wonder if it ever stops here. I've been here for three days and all I've seen is the drops of water falling down the pane of my window. It's not like my life was great back in Seattle, but at least they had a bookstore I could get lost in for hours. All they have here is a half stocked library with books that are falling apart or are so worn the pages are almost see through. I'm sure when I finally make it to my first day of school in an hour La Push High's library isn't going to be any better. I really don't want to be the new kid. I can't imagine anyone really does, but for me it's worse. I'm never going to be one of the popular kids. I'm never going to even be one of the semi-popular kids. Heck even the nerdy kids probably won't want to hang out with me. It's definitely going to be a long year here in La Push. Maybe the rest of my senior year will fly by and I can get out of here and reinvent myself in college. Yea like that will ever happen. I'll still be the same shy and awkward girl there too. Looking at the clock on my bedside table I see it's finally time for me to head out the door and make my way to my first day of Hell…I mean school. As I walked the long dirt road that lead to La Push High my anxiety grew. I was dreading this day. Not only was I the new girl, I was also the new girl finishing out her senior year. I can still remember the argument I had with my mom asking her why we couldn't just stay until the year was out. Of course I got the "Because were a family and family stays together answer." I wanted to respond with the "Yea, because that's what you and dad did. Right?" But of course she had raised me better than to talk to an adult like that. Taking a deep breath I walked in to the school and looked around. As I figured my suspicion was correct. This school is tiny and I could bet I was going to stick out like a sore thumb. Great, just great. I followed the signs to the main office were I was given my schedule and welcome to LPH. Looking at my classes I saw none were too advanced, and I could pretty much just float through the new few months until graduation. First, second, and third periods passed with nothing exciting happening. Of course the teachers made me introduce myself and tell them something about me. I can't figure out why teachers do this. It's not like they will remember and the rest of the students really couldn't care less about me. My day changed when I was introducing myself in my fourth period class…English to be exact. I had just gotten finish telling them my name when I made eye contact with the most beautiful boy I had ever seen in my 18 years of life. He was the tall, dark, and handsome man who ever girl dreams of seeing at least once in her life, and here he was still in my English class. I finished my introduction and was told I could take the seat in front of tall, dark, and handsome or Jared as the teacher had called him. Whatever his name was he was just…too much for words. As I took my seat I had the same feeling I had all day. Someone was watching me only this time I felt the intensity of it. Instead of looking around to see who it was I just ducked my head and used my hair to curtain everyone's vision of me. In one day I've gone from the girl no one ever saw to the girl people keep staring at. It's a bit much. As class moved on, at a snail's pace, I felt a piece of paper hit me in the hand and watched as it landed on my desk. Opening it read "Do you want to eat lunch with me and my friends today?" Frowning slightly and tilting my head I sat wondering who it was from. I looked to my left and to my right trying to figure out if I had met anyone in my earlier classes that would have wanted me to sit with them. As I was looking forward again to see what the teacher was writing on the board another piece of paper landed on my desk. Opening it read "Sorry guess I didn't put my name on that did I? I'm going to just figure I didn't since you kind of looked confused." Signing again as the note writer clearly didn't write their name. A third note appeared. This one just had one word written on it "Jared." My heart nearly jumped out of my chest as I saw tall, dark, and handsome's name written on the piece of paper. Oh my goodness. He wants me to eat lunch with him…he wants me to eat lunch with him. Oh my… As this thought worked its way through my head I heard someone clear their throat and I looked up to see tall…Jared looking down at me. Rubbing the back of his head he says something but I'm too distracted to hear what he's saying. All I can see is his beautiful full lips moving. Shaking my head to clear all the cobwebs out I say the most intelligent thing ever "Huh?" Chuckling he says "How 'bout it? Want to join me…Uh, me and my friends for lunch unless you've already decided to sit somewhere else?" "No." I respond Frowning he says "Oh. Sorry. Uh I guess…" I tilted my head slightly and then realized he thought I was saying no to lunch. I smile and interrupt him "I meant no I didn't have anyone else that I'm sitting with." With that a bright smile appears on his beautiful face. He leans forward and grabs my books and holds his hand out for me and said "Awesome. Let's go then." "Alright." I said taking his hand, and pulling it back somewhat as I felt a spark as our skin touched. I watched Jared as we made our way to the lunchroom to see if he had felt the spark as well. He made no mention of it so I was beginning to think I had imagined it or maybe it was a jolt of static electricity. As we walked into the lunchroom my eyes scanned the group of people who Jared as ushering me towards. "Oh my goodness…" They were enormous. I thought Jared as huge, but I think some of these guys are even bigger than he is. I looked up and saw one of the giants smirking almost as if he had heard me but that's not possible. We were more than half a room away and I had mumbled it. Shaking that thought from my mind as we made it to the table. I was able to squeak out a "hi" and a little wave as Jared introduced me to his friends and his friends to me. As I sat at the table with these oversized high school students my curiosity was getting to the best of me. I examined the rest of the male population of La Push High. Now were as large as the guys at this table. They were massive. Maybe they're all related somehow. Maybe cousin or have some distant relation to one another. I was brought out of my thoughts by a nudge from Jared. Looking over to him I smiled and pulled my little bagged lunch from my bag. It wasn't much but it would have to do. "Kim, all you have is a granola bar and a yogurt." Jared announced as I was opening my yogurt container. I nodded and replied "Yea, this is what I normally eat for lunch. I don't eat much. I do have to go get a juice from the lunch line though." I was always to self-conscience to eat in front of people. So I found the perfect combination of food that would keep me full until I would get home from school and grab a snack before dinner. Shaking his head as he rose "I'm going to grab some lunch do you want me to get your drink while I'm up there?" I nodded as I handed him the dollar that was in my hand before he headed off leaving me with just his friends. Gulping down the bite of granola bar I just took I gazed up under my eyelashes to see smirking guy watching at me. Quickly I moved my eyes back to stare at my peach flavored yogurt. I put my spoon in the little cup and mixed the fruit on the bottom with the rest of the vanilla yogurt. I was feeling antsy as I waited for Jared to return with my juice. I didn't really know the people I was sitting with. Heck, I didn't even really know Jared. I had just sat in front of him for 50 minutes in an English class. I was seriously thinking about running from my seat when Jared returned to the table with his…holy crap. How can one person eat so much? He's has two burger, a piece of pizza, fruit cups, chicken nuggets, and who knows what else underneath it all. He sits my juice down in front of me, gives a quick smile, and starts to inhale his lunch. I don't even think I've ever seen someone eat so much and so quickly in my entire life. Peering back down at my little lunch I reach forward and open the fruit juice Jared brought back for me. For the next few minute the table is completely silent except for the sounds of chewing. Then all of a sudden Jared turns to me breaking the silence and causing me to let out a pathetic girly squeal. This also triggered the rest of the guys at the table and a few people from neighboring tables to stare at me. The smirker from earlier started to laugh while Jared watched me with concern in his eyes. What he was so concerned about was beyond me. All I did was get surprised when he broke the quietness of the lunch table. "Sorry, about that. I guess I was in my own world and you startled me." I smiled up at him as I finished my sentence and grabbed my juice bottle again. He nodded, smiled, and finally said "Oh okay. So how's your first day at LPH going?" Jared had a smile that could put any stars brightness to shame. It was beautiful and blinding. I shrugged "It's alright. I just hate being