Gone to the Dogs Elladan was not going to get caught. He had taken every precaution he could think of to avoid falling victim to whatever prank his brother had planned for him. From the very instant he awoke this morning he has been on high alert for any potential hi-jinx. He thoroughly scanned the floor before stepping out of bed. He slowly and cautiously opened the wardrobe, peering around the edge of the door, looking for any sign of his brother's mischief. With gloves on (which he thoroughly examined before slipping on), he selected the days clothes and searched for the inevitable itching powder. Or tiny creepy crawlies, he thought with a self satisfied smirk. After dressing in his itching powder free clothes, Elladan proceeded through the rest of the day with the same unwavering caution. Or extreme paranoia as some were apt to say. All partially opened doors were forcibly kicked open, to dislodge any precariously balanced buckets full of questionable contents. Stairs were avoided at all costs, to prevent an embarrassing fall should the steps be greased. He avidly declined the family breakfast and midday meal. Instead, charming Sídhiel, one of the cooks, into preparing a light lunch for him while he looked on and could monitor the preparation. If Elrohir so much as peeped through the window, he wasn't going to eat it. Though he knew his seemingly strange precautionary actions were causing raised eyebrows throughout Imladris, Elladan didn't care. All the rolling eyes and quiet snickers would be worth it when he could march right up to Elrohir tomorrow morn and proudly announce that he had outsmarted the younger twin. That he, for the very first time, had avoided the begetting day prank. He would also remind Elrohir that he had not yet accomplished this mean feat, proving that Elladan was indeed the more cunning and wiser of the two. All of this would be said and taken in good fun, of course. Indeed, good fun it will be, Elladan thought with a grin. Elladan, catching his thoughts wandering, quickly chastised himself for his lack of concentration. Just because he was thus far un-assaulted didn't mean he could afford a lax in his attention. One misstep and all his imaginary gloating would remain just that, imaginary. --------------------------------------------- "Sídhiel, have I ever told you how very much I love you?" Upon hearing the purred question, Sídhiel let out what could only be described as a snort. Without looking up from the dough she was kneading , the cook replied, "Aye, Lord Elrohir. Many times have you said such, and never once have I believed you. Take your charm elsewhere, master rapscallion, I have work to do." The smile in her voice betrayed her harsh words and Elrohir knew to take no offense. Besides, he had yet to acquire the thing which he had come for. "In the far left pantry, amidst the garlic." Sídhiel answered an unspoken question. "Garlic, Sídhiel?" Elrohir wrinkled his nose at the offensive smell as he rummaged through the bin of garlic. "You were very adamant about no one finding it. It was the only place I could think of that no one could accidentally stumble upon it." Somehow Elrohir didn't believe that the bottom of the garlic bin was the only suitable hiding place, but he let the matter drop. Sídhiel had easy access to a vast amount of extremely sharp and pointed objects, best not to question her if one could help it. "Got it!" Elrohir exclaimed, pulling the much sought after item from the bottom of the garlic bin. Elrohir held up the crystal decanter and scrutinized it's liquid contents. "Did you-?" "Aye." "He won't-?" "Nay." "He will-" "He won't!" :pause: "If he does-" "My Lord!", Sídhiel slammed her fist into the dough and sharply turned to face her lord's son, "I have done all that you asked, and that-", She pointed a flour covered finger at the vile Elrohir held, "-is exactly as you wished it to be! Now, if you are quite through wasting my time, I have a formal dinner to prepare. In case you have forgotten, there will be a diplomatic party arriving from Mirkwood today and I do not think it would help relations between our two realms if they were forced to sit with empty plates and hungry bellies because you felt the need to pester the cook! " With an impatient huff, the frazzled cook turned back to the abused dough. Elrohir decided not to question Sídhiel further, sensing he had found her last nerve, and to just accept her word on the subject. Without another word, Elrohir slipped out of the kitchen and went in search of his twin. --------------------------------------------- Frantic. Desperate. Worried. These were all very accurate descriptions of what Elladan was feeling. His day had been going so well, too. It was just after midday and Elladan had been on the training grounds showing off his prowess with the sword and simply enjoying the company of his friends. When, seemingly out of nowhere, he overheard a casual remark on the diplomatic party arriving from Mirkwood. Today. Just after midday. As in any minute. As in his father would slay him alive if he wasn't there to greet their guests. After giving his friends a rushed apology and a promise to return, Elladan rushed back to his chambers. He was cursing his own stupidity in forgetting about the Mirkwood visitors and his ill timed sparring. Now he was covered in dirt, sweat and grim and needed to bathe in order to be presentable, as a young lord should be. The only problem was that bathing would leave him vulnerable to any number of pranks by his brother. Trying to both rush and remain cautious, Elladan found this was a difficult combination to master. However, he was fairly confident he succeeded. Now washed and dressed, Elladan raced to the front steps of the Last Homely House, skidding to a stop at Elrond's side just as the Mirkwood party was riding into view. Elrond took one look at his son's still dripping wet hair and raised a questioning eyebrow. Elladan managed a weak smile in return as his cheeks colored slightly. Satisfied with the silent apology, Elrond turned back to face the oncoming visitors. Looking away from his father, Elladan saw that his mother was silently tsk-ing him, Erestor was frowning in disapproval, Glorfindel was fighting a smile, and Elrohir was looking suspiciously smug. To anyone else, the younger twin's expression would have appeared to be one of pure innocence, but Elladan knew better. That was a look of utter triumph playing on his brother's face. Suddenly Elladan was nervous. He had thought his rushed bath was a success. After all, his robes didn't itch and his hair wasn't green or blue, or any other unnatural color. However, after seeing that particular look on Elrohir's face, Elladan wasn't quite so sure. As the Mirkwood guests dismounted and approached, Elladan offered his formal greetings absentmindedly, while his mind played over the past fifteen minutes. For in truth, these past few minutes were the only time this whole day that his guard had been down even in the slightest. The impromptu bath was Elrohir's only opportunity for mischief, and Elladan was now quite sure that his twin had seized that opportunity. As soon as the visiting guests were ushered inside, Elladan dropped his plastered on smile and scanned the area for his twin. He was going to corner Elrohir and force an admission from that little snake. If only he could find him. The older twin sighed in defeat, realizing Elrohir had fled the scene. The younger twin truly did have a talent for vanishing into thin air. That was just one of the many attributes that Elrohir had, that left Elladan cursing under his breath as he made his way back into the Last Homely House. --------------------------------------------- It was a well known fact throughout Imladris that Elladan didn't like dogs. He didn't like them, they didn't like him. It was a mutual dislike. So when Elladan felt he was being followed to the archery field, he was rather surprised to turn around and see one of the stable hounds happily trotting along behind him. Elladan tried to shoo it away, but to no avail. The gray mutt simply wagged it's tail in happy ignorance. Not knowing what else to do, Elladan continued on his way to archery practice, mumbling obscenities about dogs and occasionally glancing over his shoulder to see if it was still following. It was. Reaching the archery field, Elladan saw a group of his trainee friends come to greet him, mirth written all over their faces. Before anyone could comment on his unusual furry shadow, Elladan shot them each a warning glance. "Not a word. I tried to get rid of it, but it would not listen.", Elladan justified. "It?", Tunnion, Elladan's friend since infancy, looked slightly puzzled and highly amused. "Do you not mean 'they'?" Elladan's eyes widen. He didn't want to look, he didn't want it to be true. Nonetheless, he found himself turning around, confirming what Tunnion said. "It" was now "they", there were two dogs staring up at him where there had previously been one. Elladan groaned. --------------------------------------------- "I need a favor." Straight to the point, Erestor always admired that. Although he didn't admire the fact that the speaker, one Elrohir Peredhil, came barging into his office without so much as a courtesy knock. Without looking up from his work, Imladris' Chief Councilor addressed the young peredhil. "Try it again, Elrohir." "But-" Elrohir began to protest, but was cut off. "Try it again, Elrohir." "Erestor-!" "Again, Elrohir!" This time Erestor did look up and gave Elrohir an icy glare. He would not tolerate any disrespect of any kind, especially from one who he had personally taught better than that. Elrohir gave a low growl and marched towards the door. He swung the door open, stormed out, slammed the door shut, then banged his fist on the abused piece of oak. Erestor had half a mind to chastise the insolent elfling for his tantrum, but decided he'd let this one pass. He was far too curious about this favor Elrohir had. "Come in." Erestor called. Elrohir seemed to have lost quite a bit of his steam as he came back into the advisor's office. He carefully shut the door and slunk across the room to come and stand in front of Erestor's desk. Erestor motioned for the younger elf to have a seat, wondering about the sudden change in temperament. Elrohir nervously licked his lips. "Elladan may come to you with a, uh, problem. And I know that you, in your extreme wisdom, will immediately see the source of his problem. I am certain that it will take but a matter of minutes until you know how it came to be and how to amend it. I ask that you not tell him, or anyone else." Erestor kept his expression carefully neutral. He didn't want any of his inner amusement to show on his face, there was a deal to be made here. "I do not grant favors, Elrohir", Erestor almost felt bad upon seeing the crest fallen face of the young half elf. Almost. "I do, however, make agreements. A proper trade of services, equal in value. Would you care to make a trade?" Elrohir's face split into a wide grin, "Name your price, Councilor." This time Erestor did allow a smirk to sneak onto his carefully controlled features. "I am having a bit of a pest problem and need your advice on how to eliminate it." Elrohir knitted his brows, "Rats?" "Rat. Singular.", Erestor corrected. "A rat?", Elrohir asked disbelieving., "You cannot get rid of a rat?" "He is a rather large rat." "Even so, a simple-", Elrohir stopped mid sentence as Erestor's words sunk in. He ? Erestor nodded when seeing the smile slowly