Why The Mellarks Are Frequently "Under the Weather" SUMMARY: Katniss and Peeta love being parents but find all the resulting starts and stops in their physical relationship to be more than a bit frustrating...until one day Peeta tells his employees he is under the weather and he and his wife finally get some quality adults-only time. Rated M for the reason you'd expect. ;) DISCLAIMER: I do not own The Hunger Games. The Trilogy of course belongs to Suzanne Collins. This is purely a work done for leisure and not for profit and no copyright infringement is intended in the use of these characters, their setting, or their situation. AUTHOR'S NOTE: Just wanted to say thank you to everyone in the HG fandom (and those in the HSM fandom who felt curious) who read, reviewed, favorited or followed when Large Game was posted. I didn't expect to crank another one of these out so soon but I guess I am just of a mood. Haha! Hope you enjoy it! This oneshot would also be post-Mockingjay. :) And it is a oneshot, same as LG was, so following it won't really help much; if you'd like to follow me though, I'd love that and I do have other HG stuff in the works, including a multi-chapter fic. Also, I don't usually write in first person narrative but I tried it out here. Hope it comes off well. Thanks for reading! "Mommy! Mommy!" Sniffle, sniffle. "Mommmmmmyyyyyy!" I grit my teeth, grip my husband's arm and lovingly push him off of me. Sighing and offering a resigned expression, I roll myself off the bed, throw my nightgown back on and plod out of our bedroom on my way to hers. Once there, I crawl into her bed, gather her up in my arms and soothe her. It's not that I don't want to be there for her. I am her mother. I will always want to comfort her. I am also certainly one to understand the horror of nightmares and the way just having someone hold you after can make all the difference. But it seems like lately I am more mother than anything, which sounds selfish and ridiculous. To put it more plainly though, I miss being a wife. No, more than that, I miss just being a woman. Okay, I am glossing here…I want to have sex with my husband. Is that so wrong? But lately it's a lot of starts and stops and it is frustrating as hell…for both of us. As if on cue, I hear my son start to wail from the room next door. I look down at June and see that she is clutching onto me, begging me not to leave just yet. My ears catch the sound of footsteps in the hall and I look up to see Peeta glance in as he passes, rolling his eyes and running his hand through his unruly bed hair as he sighs. Then, I hear the door to our son's room open and he soon quiets down. I settle in more comfortably next to my daughter and though I don't mean to, I drift off to sleep. In the morning, Peeta wakes me and I smile up at him apologetically. He just shrugs. "We'll make it happen one of these times," I whisper. He starts to smile softly and nod his agreement and then looks distracted by some thought or idea. He does return his attention to me though and smile, but this smile looks a bit different and I wonder just what that is about. I give him a questioning look and he just shakes his head and says he's going to go get Jasper up. I slip away from June for a few minutes and just take a moment to breathe as I use the bathroom and brush my teeth, splashing water lightly on my face and trying to rub the sleep from my eyes. Then, I go back and wake up June, helping to get her dressed and ushering her downstairs where Peeta has Jasper seated at the table and giggling while his dad flips a pancake from his plate into the air. "What's your daddy doing, Jasper? Being silly?" I tease. He looks at me as though I am the silly one. "He's cooling off the pancake, mommy." "Oh. Oh, I see." Peeta looks at me with amusement on his face. My lips curl up at his expression and at my son's excitement. June climbs up into her seat at the table and looks eagerly over at her father. "Daddy, can you flip a pancake for me too?" "Sure, darling." We continue on through breakfast and then while Peeta gets dressed and ready himself, I gather up the things the kids need for school. They are busy retrieving their jackets and putting on their shoes when Peeta returns and stands by my side. His hand rests at the small of my back and the warmth of it makes me smile. I look up at him to show him my affection. The look in his eyes gives me pause though. What is with that wicked expression? "Daddy, look! I laced my shoes up all by myself," June exclaims. His attention turns to her. "That's great, Junebug! I'm so proud of you." I smile at her as well and then I feel Peeta shift closer to me. His mouth is at my ear and I tingle just from his nearness even if he just wants to tell me he'll stop and get milk on the way home. But that isn't what he wants to tell me. "I'm going to walk the kids to school," he murmurs and I wonder why he's saying this in a secretive way. "...and then I'm going to come home and fuck you." Oh. Oh! Oh my goodness. "Wait for me on the couch…naked." "Daddy, are you ready?" "Can we catch roly polies on the way?" "Yes and yes. Let's go." He is remarkably composed for having just said what he did to me. I glance sideways and catch his eyes. They are gleaming. I know I am flushed and I can feel a warm, wet heat between my thighs. He leans over and places a light kiss on my lips. When he pulls back, I just continue to stare at him, wondering if I heard him right before. "Say goodbye to mommy," he says then, snapping me out of my trance for the moment. I bend down and open my arms as each of my little ones gives me a hug and kiss goodbye. "Have a good day!" I call after them as I see them out the front door. "You too, mommy!" June yells back and Peeta turns to give me a knowing smile and a wink before turning back to the kids who are already pointing out the different creatures along their path. Oh yes, I heard him right. I close the door as they start to disappear from my view and I enter the living room to the left. My eyes find the couch. He wants me naked. There. It has admittedly been some time since we've had sex anywhere other than our bedroom. The children have taken over every room in some fashion or another, even ours at times, whether they are barreling into it or just causing us to leave it when we had other things in mind, like last night. I stare at the dark brown leather some more. It's just a simple couch. Comfortable and practical. But now, suddenly, the idea of my husband having his way with me on it right here in the middle of the living room makes it appear different in my eyes. I thrill with anticipation. Then, I look up at the clock over the mantle and realize I won't have to wait too long for Peeta. Sure, he usually heads over to the bakery straight from dropping the kids off so I'm not sure of his exact commute time but the school's not that far. Even with seeing each of the kids to their classrooms, I can't imagine it'll take him more than half an hour total. And suddenly, I am nervous…which is ridiculous. This is my husband, whom I have had sex with numerous times…with whom I have faced death several times for that matter. Still, some parts of me are shaky and I move around trying to cope with my nervous energy. I pick up a few stray toys, searching the couch for them as well. Wouldn't want a talking doll or revving toy car to go off or dig into either of us whilst in the throes of passion. Then, I dash off to the bathroom, freshening up a bit further before I slip out of my nightgown and underwear and tiptoe back to the living room. I don't know why I'm tiptoeing. It's my house. There's no one else here. The curtains are drawn. No one else is going to see my naked form…no one but Peeta. But I just feel like this is something sneaky we're doing somehow. And I love it. I approach the couch and gingerly sit down on it. The cool leather feels odd against my behind. Odd but nice. I play around with my positioning. I lie down facing the fireplace. Then, I flop onto my back instead, letting one foot fall to the ground so that my legs are splayed open. I stare at the ceiling for a moment and then laugh at myself, bringing my legs back together again. Sitting up again restlessly, I cross my legs, pulling my ankles inward and then just slouch forward, my elbows resting on my legs and my chin resting on my hands. Nope, that's about the least sexy pose I could assume, I decide. Getting frustrated with my own lack of sex appeal, I pull my legs underneath me so that part of my weight rests on them and the rest leans on the back couch cushion. Then, I fling an arm over the back of the couch. There, that's…somewhat better. I glance up at the clock. Why isn't he back yet? I let my mind start to fantasize. I wonder what exactly he has in mind for this morning. I mean, I know what he has in mind but I just wonder about the details. The pace…the position…position s ? I note that my heart is beating faster than normal and I try to take a few deep breaths as I wait. The anticipation is getting to me. The room is starting to feel quite warm. Just as I'm considering getting up to check the thermostat, I hear the key turn in the front door lock. I bite my lip as I hear the door open and then shut and I hear Peeta's footsteps as he moves…wait, where is he moving to? I hear the sound of a cupboard opening in the kitchen, the clink of ice in a glass and the whoosh of water filling the glass. Not unfamiliar sounds…just not what I had been waiting on either. I can't help myself. I feel my brow furrow in annoyance. And then I hear the low whistle from behind me and turn to see that Peeta has entered from the kitchen and not the front hall. All of my perfect positioning and he didn't come from the direction I was facing anyway. When I see the admiring look on his face, I can hardly hold onto my annoyance. "Now, this is a beautiful view," he says, moving closer, his eyes roaming every inch of my skin without shyness. He sets the glass he carries down on a coaster that sits on one of the end tables. He leans down over me, buries his hand into my hair and tilts my face up to meet his for a fiery kiss. His tongue overtakes my mouth and it still feels slightly