A Mellark Interview Technique SUMMARY: Peeta finds a meaningful and memorable way to help Katniss through a post-rebellion interview. Highly M and NSFW. Written for everlarkrecs' Dirty December Challenge (Week 1: Dirty Words & Dirty Deeds - optional BDSM) DISCLAIMER: I do not own The Hunger Games. The Trilogy of course belongs to Suzanne Collins. This is purely a work done for leisure and not for profit and no copyright infringement is intended in the use of these characters, their setting, or their situation. AUTHOR'S NOTE: So, yep, another post-MJ, pre-epilogue fic. And you know about his leg. It just seems clunky to have to spell that out below so just...yeah...the prosthetic is the best of the best and can deal with water, etc, and he's very used to doing all manner of activities in it. :) Also, I guess my version of "edible body icing" was actual icing (as the included prop). Hope that is satisfactory. :) "She's a mess." Peeta looked up and saw Octavia standing in the doorway to the kitchen. He was all dressed and ready for the filming of the television special that Plutarch was producing to commemorate the ten year anniversary of the Panem rebellion. He didn't like doing these interviews and he knew Katniss detested them but they had agreed to minimal participation in them over the years in exchange for certain concessions, such as privacy the rest of the time so that they could live their lives in relative peace, and freedom to travel for Katniss, something that had finally been granted after they'd been back in District 12 for five years. Seeing Octavia's expression and hearing her blunt words, he could tell that his wife was not handling the impending public appearance well. "Okay. I'll go talk to her," he assured, pushing off the counter, where he'd just arranged a plate of cookies and brownies for the film crew. As he ascended the stairs to their bedroom, he thought about what he could say to talk her down from the ledge, so to speak. Remembering something he had once been told by Haymitch in preparation for his very first interview in front of Panem, an idea began to form in his mind…a rather fun idea. He just hoped she'd be game. "Katniss," he called softly in warning before turning the knob and opening the door. He found her pacing the room, looking a bit wild like a cornered animal. When her eyes met his, they did soften slightly though. "Hey," she offered quietly. "Hey, yourself." She tried to offer him a small smile but it died on her lips before it had even really begun. Her nervous energy was sucking up all of the air in the room and he knew he had to do something. "I don't know if I can do this." He moved toward her, running his hand gently down over her long, bare arm. "You can. It's just you, me, a camera crew and a small portion of the district." "Peeta," she protested, "you're always so good at this. I'm not. I'm just the girl who was once on fire and the girl who was once on trial and the girl who…" At this, she did manage a small smile. "…got the guy, I guess." "You guess?" he teased. "Have I not made it clear enough that you have?" Her lips curved again despite her nerves. "Well, I do need things really spelled out for me sometimes." Peeta laughed. Wasn't that the truth? But it was a great lead in to what he'd been thinking before he entered the room. "Funny you should mention that. I'm in a spelling mood." He reached his hand out and fingered a curl her prep team had arranged so that it lay resting against her cheek. She lifted her eyebrows at him, curious. "What does that mean?" "Did Haymitch ever give you the advice to just picture the audience naked to help you feel less nervous about an interview?" "Yeah. I'm not really sure it helps me though. I don't want that picture in my head," she said, screwing up her face a bit. "And what if I were the audience?" he asked, sliding his hands around her waist, so that they rested on her lower back. Katniss smirked slightly. "I enjoy picturing you naked." He shot her a sly grin. "Good," he said, pulling her closer to him so that their hips were flush against each other. She didn't bother to hide the amusement on her face. At least he was already distracting her from her feelings of dread about the interview. "So, you just want me to picture you naked throughout the interview?" Peeta gave her a playful shrug. "If you like, but I have a bit more in mind." "Like what?" The look he gave her was enough to make a familiar delicious warmth begin to spread within her. But then he started to explain and all she could feel was blazing heat. "When we're out there, there are things I want you to focus on and none of those things have to do with the audience. Focus on me and this will be done with before you know it. And then we can reward ourselves for getting through it. You'll like the reward and you'll like what I'm asking of you too." She stared up at him, mesmerized by the lusty promise in his eyes. "So, when you're not answering a question, listen to how I am. Listen for the words I'm using. Because when I say 'bakery,' that's me thinking of how good you taste and when I say 'painting,' that's me picturing you naked. When I say 'home,' that's me wanting to be inside of you." Katniss was starting to understand Peeta's game plan for distracting her and getting her through this ordeal…and it was already working because a larger majority of her focus was now on just listening and being turned on as opposed to worrying over what she'd say. "When I say 'cake,' I'm thinking of sliding my cock in and out of your mouth and you enjoying every moment of it, hungering for it." Her mouth hung open and she felt herself salivating at his words. "And every time I say your name, Katniss, pay attention to that. Keep count of how many times I do because that number will be how many orgasms I'll give you later." Her eyes fluttered closed briefly and she noticed her breaths were coming faster and more erratically. "Can you keep count, Katniss, once the interview starts?" She opened her eyes. He was staring at her devilishly. She gulped and nodded, seeing his resulting smile. "Good. Because if you get the count right, I'll give you every last one." She held her breath because she knew there was more. "And if you don't…well, you might find it a little more difficult to sit through the recognition ceremony tomorrow. Very difficult, actually." Katniss felt a thrill run through her at his words along with a bit of nervousness and frustration that she still had to do this stupid interview. "How is this supposed to help again?" she asked breathily. "It will." "You look rather sure of yourself." Peeta chuckled and then leaned forward, but when his lips were less than an inch from her own, he tilted his head to the side and brought his lips down to her neck. He suckled there for just a moment and then teased his teeth along the skin down to her collar bone before pulling away and bringing his mouth right up next to her ear to purr "can't have Octavia upset with me for messing up your makeup or getting you too ruffled." He pulled back and admired the flush to her cheeks before bringing his mouth to her opposite ear. "But later, your hair will be mine to tug. Your lipstick will be mine to smear…with my thumb or my kiss or my cock. Your dress will be mine to push up over your ass so I can take you hard and fast or agonizingly gentle and slow, depending on just what I want to do with you." Her legs felt like they might falter beneath her. All that he was saying was so hot. She was always going to want this interview to be over with quickly but now she definitely had additional motivation. Peeta pulled back and took a few steps toward the door. He turned and reached his hand back for her. "Are you ready?" he asked. Katniss felt the wetness between her thighs. Was she ever. She moved toward him and slipped her hand into his, an action that was as natural as breathing for her now. He squeezed briefly and grinned and then led her from the room and then from the house. They walked with the crew to where a stage had been erected in the new town square. Once on stage, a news reporter of Plutarch's choosing introduced them to the live and television audiences and dove right in to the questions that the public purportedly wanted to ask them, about their remembrance of the games, their involvement in the rebellion, what rebuilding had been like and what life was like now for the formerly star-crossed lovers. Katniss did her best to answer the questions honestly but only with the level of openness with which she felt comfortable. As everyone was quite familiar with Peeta's much more interesting and entertaining interview fare, the reporter did send the majority of questions his way, a consideration for which Katniss was very grateful. Except that she was turned on as hell and it was getting increasingly difficult to sit on that stage and appear unaffected. And Peeta made eye contact often, making sure she knew he was indeed thinking the things he had said he would be as he talked. He licked his lips as he talked about the bakery in depth, what the rebuilding process had been like and how his dreams for the bakery had been realized. He talked about how that and his painting had really made him feel happily at home and how fulfilling it all felt. He talked about how he had simple desires in life, wanting to just make bread and cakes for the rest of his life, at home and at the bakery. He shifted his hips several times, almost imperceptibly. Almost…and Katniss knew that was for her benefit. She could almost feel the fullness of him within her mouth, velvety and moving between her lips. She swallowed and looked over the audience's heads out into the distance, trying to keep her cool. But she couldn't tune him out either even if she'd wanted to, which she didn't. She was trying to remain alert to keep track of how many times he said her name. She didn't think she was imagining the seductive undertone to his voice each time he said it. "Does Katniss just want me to make her cake all of the time? Well, maybe not all of the time but I am happy to oblige when she does." "Can I sometimes be found painting Katniss? I'd best not say." Oh, he was still so good…playing to the crowd, teasing them but being so incredibly likable they enjoyed every minute of it. "Are we home here in District 12? Yes, Katniss and I are definitely home. There's no other place for us." "Have I done much baking today? Well, not really…have you seen Katniss? It's a bit distracting." The crowd was chuckling and she just ducked her head, partly shying away from the compliment but largely hiding the heat on her face as her thighs clenched each time her name rolled off his skillful tongue. She had to look up at him and smile when he professed "Katniss Everdeen Mellark has made me the happiest man alive. I'm sure of it." Finally, the interview was