Hot Buns, Honey Buns SUMMARY: Katniss Everdeen has hired a baker whose buns are tempting everyone, mostly herself. DISCLAIMER: I do not own The Hunger Games. The Trilogy of course belongs to Suzanne Collins. This is purely a work done for leisure and not for profit and no copyright infringement is intended in the use of these characters, their setting, or their situation. No copyright infringement is intended for any music referenced within either. AUTHOR'S NOTE: This was written for Everlark recs DD Week 4 challenge (May/December romance). And, yes, I decided to use the May/December aspect in a figurative as well as a more literal sense. Also, there's more schmoopy in this than I had originally intended but I'm still fairly pleased I think. Hope you enjoy it! May (Peeta): He was so happy to have gotten the job. He needed a good foot-in-the-door kind of job. It certainly wasn't that he didn't have some experience working with his family's businesses over the years, but he wanted to make his way into the business on his own, have a fresh start outside of his family's influence. Ms. Everdeen's cafe seemed like a great fit for him right now. It was a small establishment set in a respectable downtown district...respectable, not snooty. It was popular with a variety of crowds, from nearby university students to families to business folk to tourists. While the food was good, he suspected that the location and the atmosphere played a large part in the cafe's success. It wasn't just a cafe after all; it was an eating establishment with indoor and outdoor seating but it also had an attached book and gift shop. It had been one of his favorite places to go while in culinary school, which is why he was thrilled when he'd seen the posting for the baker position. And it really didn't hurt that he'd been drooling over its owner for the past two years. June (Katniss): He really was quite good. She'd been initially skeptical though he'd come with great recommendations from his instructors at the culinary school. He'd just seemed so young. 20. She'd seen him coming to the cafe over the past couple years, alone and pulling out his books to study or purchasing a gift here and there from the shop, or with friends, laughing over a meal. She hadn't been sure he wasn't kidding when he'd approached her about the job. But when he'd very professionally handed her his resume along with several containers, samples of his tasty creations, she'd allowed him the benefit of the doubt. When she'd later tasted the goodies he had brought, she'd placed his name into her more serious pool of candidates. And after having several very full of themselves pastry chefs and cupcake artists flutter through her kitchen, his passionate but unassuming in-house demonstration had won her over...that and the tastegasms his additional samples had produced, just like those he had initially brought her. So, she'd figured "what the hell?" She needed someone she could actually stand having in her employ, someone Sae, her main chef could work with as well. And it didn't hurt that he was charming as all get out and pretty easy on the eyes. There was no harm in looking, right? July (Peeta): 35. That's how old she was. Or, rather, that was her age; there was nothing old about her. He had always enjoyed what he had seen of her physically as well as the interactions with other people that he had witnessed before. But now he was one of those people and everything he got to see just solidified the fact that she was perfect ...or perhaps just imperfect in ways that were perfect for him. Like the way she made stupid faces to make fun of herself when she forgot something, miscounted something, or just generally made some error, and then how the act of making the face sometimes made her crack up. Or how she'd start swaying her hips, moving her head, moving her torso minimally and/or mouthing words to a good song as it played over the sound system. Or how she looked away in immediate reaction to any compliment before offering either a simple thank you or some form of denial or both. Or how she didn't take any sugar in her hot tea either. August (Katniss): His cinnamon buns were flying off the baked goods case shelf. The cafe was serving up a fair-sized brunch crowd that Sunday. She was very pleased by the success they'd continued to see. When she'd begun this endeavor after her divorce from Gale, her family had been less than confident and supportive in her decision. Now, they sat at a table, laughing and enjoying their strawberry-banana crepes, another Peeta contribution to the menu that had proven a crowd favorite. She would go join them soon, but first, her counter girl Sara was plating the last bits of cinnamon heaven still available up front. She nodded reassurance to Sara and pushed through the doors to the kitchen, moving toward the back corner that the blonde baker had made his own. He was currently turned away from her, bent over what looked like a fresh batch of just the item she needed. "Everyone loves your buns!" He froze, stood up straight, and then turned slowly, cocking an eyebrow at her with questioning amusement. Katniss' eyes grew wide with realization of what she'd just said and she clapped her hands over her mouth as if to push the words back in and start over. But it was too late for that. At least he looked amused. "Your cinnamon buns. I need more for out front. Everyone's buying them up." Peeta nodded and smiled. "Here's some more," he said, handing her a plate of a half dozen that had already been iced. His fingers brushed hers as she accepted the plate and she almost dropped it from the pleasurable jolt that slight touch sent through her body. "I'll bring these other ones out as soon as I finish icing them." "Um, thanks Peeta." "Of course. Glad folks are enjoying them." She turned and took the plate out to Sara and told her more were on the way. Then, she grabbed a cinnamon bun for herself, made her way over to the table where her parents, younger sister and brother-in-law were seated, and lowered herself into the big booth to join them for a bit. "Take a load off, sweetheart," her father said kindly. "Yes, Katniss, you look all flushed. You must be rushing around too much," her mother added. She looked down, dug her fork into the hot, gooey mass in front of her and brought a substantial piece to her mouth. She closed her eyes briefly as she let the sweet, buttery flavor melt on her tongue. It really was to die for. A noise pulled her from her silent moment of enjoyment. Her eyes were drawn to the baked goods counter and to the smooth, smiling cheeks of her favorite employee. He was joking with Sara and handing her two new plates of items, the promised cinnamon buns and some assorted danish. She found the way Sara couldn't tear her eyes away from his face very irritating. "Is that it, Katniss?" Prim murmured. "Huh?" "Is that the reason you're so flushed?" "What? No! Don't be silly." "Uh huh," her sister replied under her breath, not convinced. "And I shall be silly...life is really lived within the silly." Katniss made a face at her younger sibling. "He looks like someone who might be able to agree with me. Maybe you should introduce us," she teased. "Maybe you should remind me when Rory, your husband, gets back into town." "Ooh, touchy!" "Eat your crepes." It didn't matter that they were now both in their thirties. She knew Prim was still strongly fighting the urge to stick her tongue out at her and she was fighting the urge to pull her hair. When she looked away from her sister, she could see that her parents were just smiling slyly at her. It was annoying. But theirs wasn't the only smile being directed at her at that moment. She felt it before she saw it, but when she did, she dared to smile back. It was just the friendly, encouraging boss thing to do, after all. September (Peeta): He was not imagining it. He caught her watching him from time to time and the lovely tinge of pink on her cheeks right before she turned away made it seem like she was doing more than just appraising his work. He loved it. It didn't matter that she should be more mature than him, and in many ways she truly was. He could still make her blush and it made him feel proud. It gave him hope. They were working a busy shift together. Sae had had to leave unexpectedly when her granddaughter had taken a fall and needed to be examined at the hospital. So, Katniss had surprisingly stepped in to get them through their remaining checks for the night. He guessed he shouldn't have been surprised. It's not that there was any particular reason for him to think she couldn't cook. He just hadn't seen it before. He was impressed and he told her so. "Oh, thanks! Well, I've learned a lot from Sae," she downplayed the compliment. "I'll bet this isn't all Sae though." "Well, not entirely. I liked to collect herbs from the woods behind our house when I was younger, so then I figured out different ways to use them. I used to hunt a lot with my dad too, so I learned a bit about various meats and their handling too." "Used to?" "We still go sometimes. We're just both busier these days." It was the most personal information she'd shared in four months. He wanted more but servers and line cooks were still bustling about, leaving, preparing, and retrieving orders. A while later, he was pleased to hear her voice directed at him once again. "Peeta, hot buns, need more of your hot buns!" He nearly choked on the sip of water he had just allowed himself. He coughed to try to cover up that reaction. He turned to see her blushing furiously but persevering. "Honey buns..." She slapped her palm to her face. "The honey drizzled buns...rolls...you're offering tonight." He was tempted to make a comment about how he would offer her any buns she wanted that night but knew that would be taking it too far. "Oh God. I'm not...don't sue me for sexual harassment. Words are just always against me. I don't mean to keep putting my foot in my mouth," she offered with an apologetic shrug. He remembered a similar incident about a week ago. He remembered it fondly. "I wouldn't sue you." Not even close. He paused a moment wondering if she might understand that he would welcome her attentions. "And the words...kind of a hazard with my line of work," he joked. "Others have much worse hazards, right?" She eyed him with a bit of relief and maybe something else...curiosity? "Yes, I guess." "So, how many more tables need rolls?" "Six." "Okay. I'll have more baskets ready in a few." "Thanks." When the last patrons had exited the cafe and Katniss had locked the front and side doors and the gate to the outdoor seating area, Peeta watched as she ran through the kitchen closing motions of clean up and prep for tomorrow. He worked on his own closing tasks and eventually, as the servers and other kitchen staff finished up theirs, they cleared out and he found himself alone in the restaurant with the object of his affections. She was bustling around, slightly out of breath and, he thought, maybe trying to ignore the fact that it was just the two of them now. "Hey," he tried, "is there anything I can help you