" I am a female writer. And what's interesting about the wizarding world is when you take physical strength out of the equation, a woman can fight just as well as a man can fight, can do magic just as powerfully as a man can do magic, and I consider that I've written a lot of well rounded female characters in these books. As an author, none of the women ever gave me trouble, actually. It was always the men that gave me trouble, never the women. But Harry came to me as Harry, and I never wanted to change that. Because switching gender isn't simply putting a dress and a pretty name on a boy, is it? A lot of the preoccupations and expectations are different on men and women, and so the books would have been incredibly different, I think." - JK Rowling, The Women of Harry Potter Chapter One: Seven Moments That Defined Esmeralda Potter 1. Esmeralda was always aware of a keen difference between her and Dudley. The problem was that for a long time, she thought it was a simple difference of parentage. Right at the start of her living memory, she became aware that Dudley called them "Mum" and "Dad" while she herself called them "Aunt Petunia" and "Uncle Vernon." When she was about five, she walked up to her Aunt Petunia one day while she was dusting - Uncle Vernon was at work - and asked, "Why do I live with you? What happened to my Mum and Dad? And where did I get the scar on my forehead?" She pointed at the lightning bolt shaped mark, so distinctive underneath her messy dark bangs. Aunt Petunia's lips pursed and whitened. "You got the scar in the car crash when your parents died," she snapped. "And don't ask questions!" She bustled away. So that explained it, Esmeralda thought at first. Dudley was treated so much better because he was their child and she wasn't. That must explain everything - the fact that he got a full bedroom and she slept in a closet even though their house had four bedrooms, the fact that she was restricted from every piece of imagination and creativity and every indulgence, the fact that her food was limited, the fact that she was sometimes confined to the closet and yelled at and punished for things that were not her fault. It hurt, though she never let it show, but that must explain it. "You cost a great deal to keep around, you know," massive Uncle Vernon would boom in his more temperamental moments. Yes, Esmeralda thought, her parentage would explain everything. Then school came. Esmeralda was delighted. She got perfect grades while Dudley got lousy ones. In this one tiny way, she started out better than him. School was good in other ways, too - Dudley was charged as the big brother figure with defending her from bullies, and with her stern and cold aunt and uncle out of the way, there was simply Dudley with his teasing protectiveness. He'd never been allowed to pick on her, and he'd always seemed kinder and the better off for this restriction. He protected her and like a small, growing plant sheltered from the storm she was allowed to grow. She was allowed to make friends. School was wonderful. And she was excited to show her aunt and uncle her wonderful grades. Surely, she thought, at this at least they would be proud. But she went home and showed them the report card and they barely gave it a glance. Then they went off to coo over Dudley and help him with his homework around the kitchen table. Esmeralda was left standing in the entryway, confused, clutching her perfect report card. Maybe her grades just weren't good enough, she thought. So she worked harder. She would give them this much, they seemed increasingly surprised each time she came through with better grades. It was almost like they hadn't expected any sort of grades at all, like that had been a blank space in their perfect plan. Realizing she was being underestimated, Esmeralda rallied herself to work even harder, pushing herself to ever-further levels of achievement and accomplishment. She was proud of herself. She could be cut-throat when it came to grades and despite occasional taunting from other children about being a tattle-tale, she glared sharp-eyed and let no one stand in the way of her top marks - especially not someone who was cheating. Finally, when she came home with 100's in everything, Uncle Vernon pulled her aside. "You know," he said knowledgeably, "it's wonderful that you're trying so hard. Intelligence is a virtue. But you should know up front: Women become things like secretaries, nurses, grammar school teachers, and housewives. They don't become doctors or computer programmers, and they certainly don't become artists." He'd taken to looking through her school notebooks, ripping all the pages out that had doodles and drawings on them, and tearing them into pieces before her eyes. "None of that," he would say. "Not from you." 2. After that, everything began to grate on Esmeralda. She was more keenly aware, now, that other little girls weren't required to know how to cook, clean, and flower garden. They weren't expected to have perfect manners or learn how to hold themselves with grace and comportment, books balanced on their heads. They weren't always expected to wear neat and perfect dresses, never getting dirty or scraping their knees. They weren't yelled at for playing football with the other boys or for having the fastest running time in phys ed. They weren't treated coldly at every turn, the only exception being getting yelled at. Not even the other girls in their suburb were required to learn these things, she realized over time, and none of them were barred from drawing or from aspiring to something greater. This was significant because Esmeralda had always felt like a bit of an alien in their city suburb anyway. She loved the bustle of the city itself, taking the bus into Surrey whenever she had the chance, but in the suburb of Little Whinging she constantly felt like the odd one out. All those long rows of spacious, boxy white houses that all looked the same, housewives sunning themselves on carefully green lawns sipping lemonade, tanning with sunglasses. The jealousy, the gossip, the backstabbing, the need for perfection. The lack of creativity, the defined gender roles. The dinner parties with Uncle Vernon's corporate big business clients that were so carefully scripted, in which she played the perfect little orphan adopted daughter beside smarmy Dudley in the same play every single time. Sometimes it felt like a prison. But nowhere, she realized, was as much of a prison as her own home. 3. Esmeralda began calculating a way around these restrictions. How to get what she wanted? Biting sarcasm aside, at first it seemed she had no weapons at her disposal. But she was clever. That was something. She started looking at after-school activity flyers at her primary school. Two caught her eye: One was a running and track club that was specifically created to run and gain money at charity events. The other was an advertisement for young girls to get into maths and science - more particularly, computer programming, that thing Uncle Vernon had told her she could never do. She went home and showed her aunt and uncle. "The charity running would make me look good," she argued intently. "Women do that all the time. And it's not creative, just as you asked. The computer programming isn't creative either. Also… I was thinking about buying some books. What could be more innocent than a girl quietly reading? And it would keep me a straight A student, which would also look good." It wasn't strictly true that computer programming wasn't creative. She knew that. She was counting on her relatives not being particularly bright. With computers, she could do everything forbidden: combine logic with creativity, and set herself on a road to becoming more than a secretary or a waitress. The charity running would still be her keeping fit and participating in a sport. And she was genuine about wanting to get more into reading - Esmeralda had become rather attached to the idea of her own intellect, and books sounded like just the thing for her. Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon looked at each other for a moment. "It's true," said Aunt Petunia finally. "It would all look good, and none of it's creative." Uncle Vernon looked forward and scoffed. "Intense running and computer programming? High level book reading? A little girl like you won't last ten seconds. Alright." He smirked. "I'll give it a try, if only to show you just what I mean when I talk about where women are allowed and where they're not." Lips pursed in her long, bony face, everything else carefully perfect to make up for her lack of beauty, Aunt Petunia's lips pursed in disapproving silence. Though she never treated Esmeralda kindly, exactly, she would begin to help her in subtle ways with her pursuits. 4. Esmeralda was determined from the beginning not to give up, if only to prove both herself and Uncle Vernon wrong about women. Luckily, so much of it was enjoyable. She pulled her hair back in a ponytail and turned out to be an excellent runner, one of the fastest on the team, a tiny, thin little jet speed around the track. The rush of energy, the wind whipping through her hair, there was nothing like it. Even when she was hurt, she barely flinched before getting right up again. She never missed a single practice or charity event. She made a great deal of money for various diseases and there she realized she felt good too. She even started watching sports on the telly, cheering and making calls with her friends and bowls of popcorn and crisps, safely out of sight of her uncle. One thing she discovered through snacking was a horrible weakness for chocolate. This led indirectly to her love of scented bubble baths and chocolate, which ended up being two of her favorite things. She forayed into the world of books, and found a love. Here was creativity her aunt and uncle had not thought to take away. Here she could transport herself into other worlds, immerse herself in other characters' lives. In a way, it was truly beautiful. And sure enough, as her reading levels increased, her good grades came easier. But in computers and technology, she found her calling. It was wonderful. She might not be able to draw cartoons, but she could design programs and draw up schematics. Her love for logic, maths, and science combined with her love for creativity and critical thinking. She moved from computer software design and into app design. She got onto a local all-female robotics team and they went to competitions together, afterwards exploring London as one big, excitable, giggling group. She also found friends. At school, of course, she'd been friendly with many people, but the more clubs she joined the more close friends she made. She found friends both in running and in programming, a few boys but most of them girls. She began being invited to pool parties and slumber parties. She gained a reputation for being quiet, kind, and intelligent, but level-headed and with a warm, teasing sense of humor and a natural sympathy. She was also fiercely and almost silently competitive, proudest of her accomplishments, sharp tongued and clever minded. "You know, short stop," said Dudley with friendly curiosity, "I don't have to defend you as much anymore. No one calls you a loser the way they used to." "I wonder why," said Esmeralda curiously. "I work on computers and I'm a straight-A student bookworm. Isn't that nerdy?" "Yeah, but you're also a jock runner and you're socially connected now," said Dudley, who