" I am a female writer. And what's interesting about the wizarding world is when you take physical strength out of the equation, a woman can fight just as well as a man can fight, can do magic just as powerfully as a man can do magic, and I consider that I've written a lot of well rounded female characters in these books. As an author, none of the women ever gave me trouble, actually. It was always the men that gave me trouble, never the women. But Harry came to me as Harry, and I never wanted to change that. Because switching gender isn't simply putting a dress and a pretty name on a boy, is it? A lot of the preoccupations and expectations are different on men and women, and so the books would have been incredibly different, I think." - JK Rowling, The Women of Harry Potter " Uncle Vernon's dislike of Harry stems in part, like Severus Snape's, from Harry's close resemblance to the father they both so disliked." - JK Rowling, Pottermore Part One Chapter One Petunia was to raise the girl. Vernon wanted nothing to do with her. This was decided early on. He sighed as he got out of his Grunnings Co car - shiny, new, black, and expensive. High grade. Vernon always kept it parked outside the garage; he wanted his neighbors to notice what he could afford. He walked up to his square white two story suburban house, past the front wall and gate, past the neat, flat green lawns and tidy flowerbeds, up the front steps to the stained glass white door with the polished bronze number four on it. He had a beautiful homemaker wife, a boisterous young son, a nice three-piece suit with a bland tie, a good house and enough money, a sister who visited on holidays, everything he had ever wanted. Vernon didn't think that was too much to ask for. His life was entirely perfect - except for the one unwanted intrusion. He was now raising his sister in law's orphaned daughter - his niece by marriage, Aster Potter. There was nothing wrong with this in and of itself… but if her parents were any indication, he dreaded what she would become. Privet Drive and its neat suburb had a mold, and Aster Potter had no place in it. But in any case, that was Petunia's business. He unlocked the door with a jangle of keys and walked in from work for the evening, shiny black shoes squeaking on the polished wood floors. He looked up, and paused in surprise. Petunia was in the gleaming checkered kitchen, cooing at Dudley and making dinner, apparently not paying much attention to Aster. Not that Vernon could blame her. By all accounts Petunia's sister had been terrible, and raising the daughter of a woman she'd so despised must eat at her. Still… the girl was only a toddler, and she was trying to climb the entrance hall stairs by herself. The stairs were carpeted with plush white piled cloth. Aster was about halfway up, almost level with the vase of flowers on the entrance hall's end table. Vernon watched her suspiciously as she struggled. Her quest was silent and entirely intent, and he could admit to himself she was awfully young to be making it up the stairs in the first place. In the middle of her second year. There was nothing terribly threatening about her right now. She was just being a normal child - it was almost deceptive. He'd expected a bratty and bizarre James Potter lookalike - if Lily Potter had been awful, her husband had been if anything worse. But this little girl looked nothing like James Potter, nothing so mocking or jeering, disorganized or threatening. She had a headful of deep crimson hair, round hazel eyes, a long straight nose and a delicate little mouth, pale skin. She was tiny, even for a toddler girl, and gave off the appearance of being far too fragile to be climbing any set of stairs. She toddled further up the staircase, then yelped and stumbled. Vernon felt a shoot of panic and he was there in a second, steadying her. "Be careful!" he barked at Aster, forceful mainly out of fear. If she fell down a set of stairs, people would accuse them of abuse, he told himself. But Aster looked up at him with big hazel eyes… and tears filled them. Her face screwed up and she started wailing. Even Vernon Dursley felt uneasy at making a little girl cry. "Don't -! Really -! Don't -!" Vernon had no idea what to say. He sighed in exasperation and set down his briefcase. "Look, it's fine," he said, attempting to make his tone civil with a great effort. "Really, it's okay." Gingerly, he rubbed her back. She slowly calmed down, her sobs shuddering to a halt, looking up at him once more with more curiosity. "You were doing quite well," he admitted, begrudging. "Like this." He made a step. "See? Climbing the stairs. It's not too difficult. You can do it," he added unconvincingly. Was he saying the right things? Aster looked at the step he'd made - then slowly made her own. "Vernon?!" Petunia called from the kitchen. "Is that you?!" "Yes, I'll be there in a minute, Petunia!" he called. And he and Aster went like that, step by step, she following him all the way up to the top of the staircase. In the back of his mind, he wondered why he was bothering. Still, when she got to the top of the stairs, he felt a jump of triumph. Well, the girl could be taught, and he'd taught her. That was something. "See?" he said. "I knew you could do it!" Aster beamed up at him, then ran at his legs and threw herself around them in a hug. "Thanks, Unca Vernon!" she chirped, cuddling. Vernon looked down at her and grunted. "Well," he said gruffly, returning to himself. "You're welcome." And he patted her awkwardly on the head, she still hugging his legs with a cherubic smile. "Now I have to get back down." She stayed there. "No," he said. "Really. I do." Vernon wasn't one for metaphors; he found them deeply suspicious. But had he been a poetic, nonsensical sort of man, he would have said that he never really "got back down" in the non-literal sense. Every evening after work, he went into the living room with Aster, a vast clean carpeted space filled with armchairs and a massive red brick fireplace, and took to helping Aster walk, run, and play. "You've come a great way and I'm not about to see you regress," he told her firmly, pointing a finger at her. "You are going to make steady progress, now that I know you can!" Aster was still smiling as she played blissfully with her blocks. He wondered despairingly if she even understood him. "I don't understand why you're bothering," Petunia once told him sharply. "Especially for the girl instead of Dudley." Vernon knew that tone. He knew he would have to tread carefully. "She needs extra help," he told her. "Because of her background. I'm making sure she's someone presentable for our household. Isn't that important?" Petunia harrumphed and marched away, heels clacking. But she seemed to accept this explanation. She may even have been glad not to have to do the training herself. So Vernon assisted Aster with walking, running, and climbing. He discovered her to be a sweet child, gentle and smiling, quiet and with a gift for physical activity. She soon found her feet, taking to running, walking, and climbing with grace. So after that he moved on to talking, having conversations with her and trying to get her to respond. This did not go as well. Aster didn't seem to have much interest in language, only saying spare words, mostly listening, and when he yelled at her she cried. She cried easily. The smallest tension could have her wailing away; it was amazing what actual yelling could do. So then he would try to control his heaving temper, and she would quiet down. "Is she just stupid?" he asked himself, troubled. Still, every morning she would begin anew with bright optimism. She had spirit. So what was wrong with her language? Why didn't she talk more? Deciding to test her intelligence, he began turning to other things. He read her books and she seemed interested; he gave her commands and she did follow them. So she could understand him. She even got perhaps overly emotional at the smallest instances of drama in the stories she was reading. It was rather alarming. He turned to toys, buying her things "for the sake of training," he told Petunia. Aster sat on the living room play rug and scribbled with crayons, built towers of blocks, played ball, and enjoyed emptying and filling containers. He watched her copy other people's movements - playing with a toy phone, feeding a doll, pretending to drive a car. And as she got older she began doing everything herself, or wanting to. She tied her shoes wrong, put on clothes backwards, spilled juice, held cups and utensils the wrong way, but she did try doing everything for herself. Eventually he had to conclude that there was nothing wrong with her intelligence. She was just an exceptionally quiet girl. She did even move on to eventual sentences and phrases, though used sparingly. But she was always quiet; she even enjoyed alone time. This was not necessarily a bad thing. It was not in the least reminiscent of James Potter, or indeed anything he'd expected from a Potter in the first place. As he watched her play with her new toys on the colorful living room play rug, it wore at him that she slept in a closet and had poor secondhand clothes, as per Petunia's command. Yes, she was right, the girl was grateful to have a home with them at all and they got no compensation for having her… but that argument didn't sit with him as easily as it used to, somehow, as he watched her. She grew into a full running, playing, and babbling toddler, her face turning heart shaped with high cheekbones and delicate features. Her dark red hair grew to brush her shoulders, falling around her. She was a pretty young girl, not at all like he'd thought she'd be, and it wore on him that she didn't have a proper bedroom or dresses. Because she was, he eventually realized, just a child. A little girl like any other. She smiled often and liked hugs, rarely had tantrums and cried easily when yelled at and preferred quiet, harmonious surroundings. She followed orders matter of factly and was easygoing - though confusingly, she broke the rules a lot. This at first angered Vernon, until he realized she simply often got lost in her own thoughts and forgot airily about the rules she'd been given. She only seemed to purposefully ignore the rules when she had a goal she needed met and a rule stood in her way. In that moment, she ignored them altogether. She was curious - she held everything and put almost all of it in her mouth and quite often was found exploring places she was not supposed to be. She sucked her thumb for a long time after Petunia thought she was supposed to have stopped, and for a long time dragged a security blanket around on the floor behind her. She got emotional easily, around stories especially so, and Vernon found she loved animals. At first his sister Marge hadn't liked Aster anymore than Vernon himself had. But one day when Marge was visiting, one of her bulldogs charged at Aster, who ran away and was starting to cry. Vernon stormed to his feet and held back the dog, shouting so loud it