Disclaimer: This story is based on characters and situations created and owned by J.K Rowling, various publishers including but not limited to Warner Bros, Bloomsbury. No money is being made and no copyright or trademark infringement is intended. Warning: Underage. Harry is fourteen. See end of chapter for further warnings Chapter 1 When the three champions had all started glowing gold about a minute after Cedric had entered the antechamber, they all immediately backed away from each other, making very sure there was no point of contact between them. Clearly they all recognised what it was, although Cedric didn't know if it was from academic interest, or, like in his case, having been to a couple of weddings during his life. Either way Cedric easily recognised the wedding bond for what it was. Or more likely something akin to a wedding bond as none of them had initiated the proper ritual required. They were standing in a triangle, all facing towards each other when they heard the door to the antechamber open again, then close, and one pair of light footsteps come down the stairs. Cedric looked up and saw Harry Potter enter the room, also glowing gold, and was briefly entranced by how they light surrounding the waifish boy made him look incredibly delicate and faelike, but before any of them had a chance to say something, the Headmaster stormed into the room, closely followed by the Madame Maxime and Headmaster Karkaroff. Cedric had never had much interaction with the Headmaster, but he was clearly furious, and Cedric was surprised that Potter did not back away from the man as he came to a stop not even a foot away from him. Despite his clear anger, Dumbledore spoke to Potter in a calm voice, "Harry I would like you to be completely honest with me. The repercussions of your answer are far more reaching than you could fathom. Did you put your name in the Goblet of Fire?" And, what? What was Dumbledore asking? Had Potter also been chosen? It shouldn't be possible because he was 14 and Cedric was already the Hogwarts champion. Before Cedric could contemplate this any further, Potter had shaken his head and replied firmly, "No, sir. Of course not. How could I?" "Do no try to trick us, boy. Your name had to have come out somehow." Karkaroff spoke before Dumbledore had a chance to, sneering at Harry from behind the Headmaster. Cedric lost his concentration for a moment as he became aware of a growing, stabbing pain emanating from his abdomen, that was growing more and more painful by the second. Dumbledore reassuring Potter barely registered in his ears as he tried to work out the cause of his current discomfort. However, a sharp French voice brought his attention back to what was going on in the room. " Attendez . Are you trying to say this leetle boy 'ad his name come out of ze Coupe de Feu ? 'Ow is this possible Professeur Dumbly-dore?" Delacour demanded. "Harry was indeed chosen, but I think the more important question is, what has happened to you four. I notice none of you have touched each other." Dumbledore replied. "Of course, they haven't, Dumbledore. I don't know what you teach your students, but mine at least know how to recognise a marriage bond." Karkaroff drawled. "Viktor would have made sure they stayed far away from each other." Which was all well and good, but the pain had increased exponentially, and Cedric wrapped his hands tight around his stomach in a futile attempt to relieve it and hoped someone did something to stop it before it became any worse. "I suspect this is less of a marriage bond, and instead another kind of magical binding, which makes it rather impressive that none of our students have succumbed to the growing pain they must be feeling." Dumbledore looked at them contemplatively, his eyes dragging between the three champions and Potter standing, stranded, between them and the three Heads of School. "'Ow will you stop this Dumbly-door. We can not 'ave our champions bound to each other if they are each to compete in ze tournament." "My dear Madame Maxime," Dumbledore replied, his voice finally rising above its normal level. "I don't know what you intend for me to do about it. This is magic far beyond any of our talents." He took a calming breath. "Now, I do believe our three of-age champions understand what is occurring here, and our youngest will have to be enlightened by them." Cedric was barely registering the conversation any more, having fallen to his knees. He focused on Delacour's white knuckles where she was gripping the arms of the chair she was sitting in, and how Krum was leaning almost his whole body against the back of the same chair. Potter had somehow managed to stay upright, still only a little distance from Dumbledore, and he jumped into the conversation again, "I'm not a real champion though. Someone else put my name in the Goblet." Cedric felt that he should care more, but at the moment his only concern was what the Headmaster was going to do to fix this situation. "That is true Harry, but Mr Crouch is the expert on the rules and he says, despite the circumstances, your name did come out of the goblet so you do have to compete." Evidentially ignore it. "We shall see about that Dumbledore. I thought your assurances meant something." Karkaroff drawled. Dumbledore rounded on the other two Heads of School, "You might not be able to see it, but you each have one of your students, who are under your care , getting close to being crippled by the pain they are feeling from an incomplete primal magical bond. If I may finish so that they may be given a chance to alleviate that pain, it would be much appreciated." Cedric brought his wrist up to his mouth to bite it so he wouldn't let out a groan of pain as he saw Dumbledore turn to Harry with a soft expression on his face. "We will explain the circumstances surrounding the tournament in the morning, if you would all come to my office after breakfast. Harry, you shall all be sleeping in the rooms at mid-way up the Astronomy Tower, you know the ones. Don't worry about your things, they shall be collected and delivered promptly. Harry I am also feeling partial to Cockroach Cluster. Thank you for your patience gentlemen and lady. Good night and good dreams." And with that Dumbledore swept out of the room, ushering Karkaroff and Maxime ahead of him, and shut the door at the top of the stairs behind him with a slam. Potter failed to move, and so Cedric ripped his arm away from his mouth, "Fucking Circe, Potter. Get over here before we all faint." Potter quickly walked over to stand in front of Delacour, and failed to react fast enough when she reached out to grab his hand and bring it so all four of them were touching. The second they were all in contact the light flashed blindingly again, before dying completely, a couple sparks trailing up from their hands and along their arms before sinking into their skin. Cedric stood up again, towering over Potter and Delacour still seated in the chair, and pulled out his wand to summon three of the chairs clumped around a table a short distance away, then fell into the one that came up behind him. Krum had sunk down into his as well, while Potter had taken his seat facing them all, so they were arranged in a vague circle around the fire, all able to see the others. Cedric sighed deeply, and ran his hand over his face, then looked over at Potter, "I don't know how you stood that, Potter. It fucking hurt." Potter shrugged and brought his knees up in front of him to sit curled up on the chair "I've had worse." "Or per'aps it did not 'urt you as much because you are underage." Delacour snarked. Potter just shrugged again. Cedric looked over at Krum as he spoke for the first time. He had a deep voice, with an accent markedly different from Karkaroff's Russian one. "It no longer matters. Vhat does matter is our current situation." "Yeah. Our situation. Fuck." Cedric didn't know what to do, or expect or even how to explain the 'situation' to his parents. "Er- what is our situation. What did the glowing lights and stuff mean." Potter asked. Cedric whipped his head around to look at Potter, who was peering back at them, his green eyes enormous behind his glasses, but Delacour spoke before he had a chance. "'Ow do you not know zis. Every enfant de français can recognise a marriage bond." Delacour seemed to be taking the chance to be as condescending as possible, boding exceptionally well for their life together. "Maybe every magical child, but I can't help that my only living relatives are muggles and I've never been to a wedding in my life." Potter's eyes flashed as he responded. "Anyway, I heard what Dumbledore said. What I'm asking, is why did he say it isn't exactly a marriage bond, and how do we break it." "Potter. We cannot break it. Ever. Vhich is vhy I would like to know vhy Ms Delacour is being such a kuchka ." Krum had said what Cedric would dearly like to voice, but didn't quite have the balls to say out loud." Delacour flipped her blond hair behind her shoulder and raised her nose haughtily. "Because I am a Delacour. I am français . I am a Veela. I cannot be bonded to a Quidditch player, an Englishman and un garçon . Mon pere is the Minister, 'e cannot afford zis embarrasment." "You know, I met the Bulgarian minister at the World cup. He's really nice. He offered to introduce me to Krum when I mentioned that I was a seeker." Potter shrugged. "Unless it's the paedophilia aspect that's worrying you. In which case go right ahead." It took Cedric a minute to recognise the sarcasm that had just been delivered in a soft, deadpan voice. Because Potter had a point. Having been at school with the boy for four years meant that Cedric sometimes forgot that Harry Potter was Harry Potter, The-Boy-Who-Lived . He was internationally famous before he could even walk, and an idol for their entire generation. If anything, it was Cedric himself that was going to cause the most problems. But it wasn't something any of them could do anything about, so moving on was their only choice. "How about" Cedric spoke over Delacour's reply. "How about we try not to come to any conclusions tonight, and instead go to bed and reassess in the morning. We obviously can't do anything now. Why don't we just try to get along. Potter, the Headmaster said something to you about a room." "Right. Yeah. Let's go." Potter stood up from his chair, and with a jerk of his head indicated for them to follow. He lead them away from the entrance to the room, and instead over to a stretch of wall between two paintings, and tapped three of the bricks one after the other with his wand. The wall shimmered into a door, which Potter led them through. The rest of their trip followed a similar pattern. Potter led them in and out of corridors and into hallways covered by tapestries, occasionally telling them to watch a trick step, or to skirt around a particular suit of armour. Cedric recognised the area of the castle when they came to a stop, but was surprised that a walk that should have taken at least twenty minutes had taken only half that, most of which had been through secret passages Cedric had no knowledge of. The door to the room was