6/8/17: So wanted to create a shorter A/N (as someone complained about the length) than before, so here's hopefully an annotated version. The previous note has been cut and posted at the end, if you're curious. It's more detailed and can explain more in depth, if people were actually interested. Honestly, I'm going to be judged either way by some, whether it's the length of the notes, the tone of them (when the old ones were hilariously written when I was younger and hadn't bothered to do anything with them for years and ended up still get judged), etc. Besides, my profile said I was done being picked on, so if you have a problem with my previous rants, you didn't have to read them in the first place. Anyway, here goes: 1. This isn't Riordan's Percy, so don't expect her or things to be the same. She's female, older, and AU elements have been added, so the development of Percy and her journey will be different and has already been different to stay consistent to those changes, as will other characters and situations. 2. Grover and Annabeth aren't the main supporting characters, so don't complain about their lack of presence. Percy is older and more experienced, so will relate more to older characters like Luke, Clarisse, etc. In the end, those two will still be friends, but not the same as in canon. 3. Now the big issue...PERCY IS NOT A MARY SUE. -I will stick to that and vehemently defend it. She is not a self-insert, based on me on anyway, etc. So Fuck You, PercyJLovR. I tried to be calm and rational, but this point and your condescending review pissed me off beyond reason every time I read it. -Percy doesn't play "a bazillion instruments" well without reason. She plays the easier to learn and handle ones, which is reasonable, and it's more like a handful of instruments. She's not Prince after all. -She can be a black belt, because she's been learning martial arts since she was a kid, practices it every day religiously since, fights monsters practically everyday, and is a demigod of one of the Big Three . She's not a normal human and so can't be judged by real life people like you. -Wow, that comment about dyslexic, ADHD people is just ignorant. In my original note and how it's been shown in RL and in-story 1) girls tend to study more and be more mature, meaning she'd want to overcome her difficulties 2) those dyslexic and/or ADHD can learn to improve and get good grades. Einstein was thought to have ADHD. It's also insulting to Riordan, whose kid he wrote the series for, has it. -Again, WTF is wrong with people who think you can't be "gorgeous" and strong? That's ignorance, people. -Lastly, obviously this is supposed to be BAMF!Percy, so what's the point of that without making her BAMF? Most of it, a lot of the fan worship (that kind of stuff), is mostly played for humor too, but people want to seriously just take it so...serious. Also I'm big on the original Greek myths, so I wanted to make/base Percy on the heroes of the myths who are portrayed as larger than life, if in a modern and sometimes not serious setting. -Despite all that, I want to have a realistic Percy at the end of it all. There is character development for her, but it is a long-winding road and very slow burn. The first arc (aka Lightning Thief) won't show too much of it, because Percy will be on an emotional rollercoaster and dealing with a lot of stuff. A few have been impatient, thinking she will change during that time, but this is a long story and her journey goes over arcs. The Odyssey, Illiad, etc. are very long, but more or less the examples to be followed for Percy's journey. Thank you and I hope that clears things up (and gets rid of these vile, ill feelings I get from these kind of people who want to harass me). (Also, I think I might want to just change this to a Polympians pairing, since that's my schtick and I invented it...) The Light Before We Land Chapter One: Perseas, Daughter of Poseidon "I'm coming!" Percy Jackson yelled in a panic, rushing from the kitchen and then to the nearest table to wait on. At 16, her life had been a normal and sometimes boring mess. She was dyslexic, had ADHD, had a loving mother but a horrible stepfather, and most of all…she had no idea what her purpose in life was. She had always thought she was meant to do great things, be something other than what she was now. But then, she decided those were just that. Thoughts. She already had big goals, goals she was striving to reach like by working as a waitress at the bar restaurant Grunner's. From 8 am to 3 pm everyday, she attended Yancy Academy. Then from 4 pm to 7 pm, she worked at Grunner's, waiting and glad to be gone before happy hour –not to say there weren't some occasional rowdy or jerky people at the time she worked. It was lucky her boarding school allowed her to work though. Afterwards, just recently she got an internship at Halter and Geriam's Law Firm, which would be perfect experience, especially since she wanted to be the District Attorney of New York. That was her dream, her goal in life. And what she thought she'd decided would be her purpose in life. And which she also was now starting, right after work. She finished quickly with her last customers, letting another girl take over and said goodbye to Lucas Wright, her boss. She hurriedly got out of her uniform and drove her bike to the law firm, intent on making a good impression and to work hard. Meeting the man she was going to work directly under, she readied herself for the long hours. 7:15 to 11, she would slave in that firm and prove herself. And that was her life…until a month later. "Grover, I'm trying to work here," Percy rolled her eyes, hunched over her desk. "I don't see why you have to," Grover grumbled. "That's work outside of school." "I'm taking college classes to speed up my education," Percy explained patiently. "But…why bother? You know, what with your dyslexia and stuff," he mumbled. She stared at him. It sounded as if he expected her to give up because she was dyslexic, which coupled with ADHD didn't help anyone much less her. Which was why she color coded everything, had a planner, organized whatever she could with help, and took special classes when she was younger to help deal with her dyslexia. And learned Braille while she was at it… "Because I want a lot of things, Grover, but being a failure isn't one of them," was the only thing she could reply with. She tiredly turned back to her college papers and continued to work on them. "…It's just…you're always so busy ," her best friend pouted. "I don't know how you do it. You go to school everyday, and then depending on which day it is, you're either at the pool as part of the swim team, part of the martial arts dojo and team, or part of the concert ensemble. That's not counting how you have time for your internship and your work at Grunner's." "But I always make time for you," she smiled, looking at him pointedly. "I should have all of your time," he said cheekily. They both laughed. "I just…don't like it when others tell me I can't do something. I want to prove them wrong," she shrugged. "Just because I'm dyslexic or have ADHD, it's not going to cripple me or make me give up. I'll just work harder." He looked at her in admiration and she slightly slapped his arm. "Hey now, don't get all gooey eyed on me." Grover grinned at her unapologetically so she just sighed in exasperation. He grabbed an apple off from her desk and started munching on it. "What are you learning in martial arts anyway? I mean, why put yourself through the torture?" "I'm learning Chinese Kempo. Very effective with kicks," she grinned wickedly. He shivered and she laughed at him. "I was 5 when this weird huge man was wearing a mask that made him look like a cyclops and he was cornering me. I screamed and he got scared away or something, but other people were there too so that might be it. My mom started making me go to some kind of school to defend myself and I chose to learn Kempo. Helps with my ADHD." "Hehe…cyclops…mask…" Grover kept laughing nervously and she stared at him weirdly. "Hehehe! So, uh, you've been learning it since?" "Yeah, I'm a sixth degree black belt in it. If I keep at it, I'll progress to 7th degree this summer," Percy stated nonchalantly, making Grover laugh more nervously, though for different reasons than earlier. "Stop wooorrrking ," Grover complained. "Serenade me!" Percy laughed and mock-reluctantly pulled away from her work to grab her guitar. "Flute, please?" he gave her a pleading wide-eyed puppy look that she immediately caved in to. She rummaged around their coed room for her flute and then began playing a simple melody for him, not seeing her friend oddly swaying and his eyes rolling upwards heavenly as her own closed to focus on the music. When she finished, she opened her eyes to see her friend peacefully sleeping, a wide smile on his face. Blinking in surprise, she laughed lightly and put her flute away, looking idly out the window as she sat on the sill. She blinked again, this time unsurely as she saw a wrinkled woman glaring at her with red eyes. When she moved to get a better look and blinked again, sure her eyes were fooling her since the woman wasn't there the next second. Hesitantly, she went back to her work and thought she should sleep early that night to get more rest. It must be the lack of sleep… The school year was coming to an end. All of her activities were off-season, so she was only doing the customary last days of class, her internship, and her work. Which made Grover happy, because that meant more time spent with him. It was raining heavily that day and that evening. Her only ride was her motorcycle and she'd promised her mom she wouldn't ride it in the rain. So that left her to walk from her work to the coed dorm she was staying in. Thunder boomed around her and lightning flashed brightly. She shivered from the cold and used one hand to pull her coat tighter around her as the other held her umbrella closer to her head. "Now, now. Look what I've caught. A little fish in the rain," the old woman she saw before cackled. Percy warily stopped and stared at her. At least she was sure now that she hadn't been seeing things. "Hello…I'm sorry, ma'am, but I have to go home," Percy clutched onto her bag, ready to throw it at the old woman if she had to. Which was a little weird considering, it was an old woman . Why on earth would she have to defend herself against an old woman? "You won't be going home, honey," and then the old woman transformed into some kind of monster. Her eyes glowed like burning coal, she grew leathery wings, and she had claws and fangs. "Wh-what are you?" Percy cried out, stumbling backwards in fright and surprise. "Alecto. And you will be dinner for your punishment," she hissed. Percy turned and ran. Only to see the old woman suddenly in front of her. Percy gasped and faltered, taking steps back and eyes darting around her for an exit.