Disclaimer: Nope, just a fanfiction writer. I would be a man, if I owned it, wouldn't I? So nope. Story: Two people grieve over the loss of Luke, and in the end consequences wait. Hermes sleeps with Percy, misses his son, wants Percy to be with him, hates everyone around him and overall feels like a jerk. Percy is all over the place and just wants things to be normal. Set AU elements for "The Lightning Thief" and onwards, set at the end of "The Last Olympian". Spoilers: Yesssssss… Warnings: Cursing and violence for now…hm, just in case since I'm usually writing it, bit of crazy humor, perverted humor, morbid or sarcastic humor, and maybe some sexual situations… Pairings: Past Luke/Percy, Hermes/Percy WARNING FOR MALE/MALE SEX IN THE BEGINNING AND IN LATER CHAPTERS :P Scattered Memories on the Floor Chapter One: I'm a Little Drunk and I Need You Now Luke is dead. He's gone. His son was dead . Everyone is celebrating, but he is far from being celebratory. He seeks to be alone, and to mourn his son whose death helped to end this war. Instead, he stumbles upon Percy Jackon sitting quietly by himself in one of the guest rooms of Mount Olympus. He briefly recalls not seeing the boy at the party and had wondered where he'd gone. Hermes supposes here was where Percy had been hiding. He looks tired. He's just sitting on the bed against the headboard, a leg stretched lazily while the other was bent haphazardly. Percy just simply seemed out of it. Hermes isn't sure what to make of it. "Bastard. Stole my first kiss, stole my first time, stole everything from me. Now he's dead. I didn't even get to scream at him like I wanted," Percy mutters. The implication is startling, obvious in a way, and yet no one had even had a clue. Hermes feels like perhaps he had been more than harsh on Percy before, and that his recent reconciliation with Percy needed to be redone. He hadn't understood Percy's side, but had begged him to understand his. But there had been more to it, he sees now, and perhaps he should make it up to the boy. "Are you alright?" he asks softly. Percy blearily looks up and he sees the boy isn't aware, and is actually very, very drunk. Hermes hesitantly walks into the room and sits down by him. The bed creaks a little under his weight, but then its quiet. "You've been drinking," he states quietly. Percy gives the god a sloppy grin, "Come to lecture me?" He shakes his head, "I'm not your father." "No, you aren't. You're Luke's ," Percy drawls, but then he leans closer and squints. "I mean you really look like Luke," it comes out as a mumble. Then uncomfortably, but then a part of him is actually okay with it, Percy is too close and sniffs at his neck. "You even smell like him," he says wistfully. "Maybe it's you and your kids." Hermes pushes him gently away and back to lean against the headboard. "You're right. I am Luke's father. And you were right before. I did abandon him. I may not have thought so and I may not have wanted to…but what mattered was that that was what he'd thought. Luke thought I abandon him and that's how he'd felt in the end." Percy is silent, staring at him. Then the boy's lips twist sardonically. "Luke was…no matter what, he just was," Percy murmurs. "Even after everything, I don't think I ever told anyone how much I still admired and liked him." "But most of you hated him," Hermes answers back, staring intensely. "Too true. I hated him just as much as I secretly liked him. And that was the side I showed the most to everyone, and the only one I would admit to myself. Annabeth, especially, couldn't stand it. I always told her I didn't see what she saw in him, but the truth was that I did. He was charming, utterly charming. And handsome. And a real smooth-talker," and then Hermes realizes that Percy is starting to enter his private memories and starting to forget that Hermes is there. The god feels like he's invading a private moment and that he should leave, but instead he sits and listens. "And Luke was very gentle. So sweet," Percy sighs, and Hermes knows for sure the boy is lost in memories. "Go on," he encourages, hand automatically reaching over to softly caress the bared skin of Percy's stomach, shirt ridden up enticingly. He doesn't know what he's doing and he's pretty sure he's not thinking right now. "I've forgotten how sweet his kiss was," Percy sighs again and so Hermes kisses him. Percy's eyes are blank and unseeing, and Hermes knows what he's doing and that he knows it's wrong. He is thinking now, after that first touch, and he realizes what he wants to do. He wants to grieve with this boy who loved – loves –his son just as much as he does, and who hurts just as much, who understands Hermes and the god's pain. He wants Percy. So he pushes Percy onto the bed and starts unbuttoning the dazed and drunken boy's shirt, slips it off without a care, and reaches down to take off the boy's jeans. He slides it off Percy's slim waist and lean legs, eying revealed skin hungrily. "Luke!" Percy whimpers, and Hermes' hand stills and the god tenses. It's his son's name and it should be his son here with Percy, not him, and it is not his right to touch this boy so intimately, to taste that which does not belong to him, and to savor Percy in all rights he should not. And at the same time, unguarded jealousy and unhappiness floods him, and it is his son's name Percy speaks when he wants it to be his. Hermes realizes just how depraved he sounds and is. But he makes the choice to continue. Percy is his first male lover. There are not many of them who take to the same sex, Zeus only once with Ganymedes and Apollo twice with Hyacinthus and Cyprissus. But of the rest of the male Olympians, they stay with women who catches their eye. But Hermes finds he does not really mind sleeping with another male, and wonders if it's because of who it was. Pausing, Hermes contemplates his next move. A male lover was different and he wasn't sure how to handle Percy. He wasn't familiar with anal sex, and he wasn't sure how much it would hurt and how he could avoid causing Percy pain. But then Percy shoves up against him and he thinks that maybe he should keep going and figure out the works as he went. They reach their climax at the same time. Tired out, Percy mumbles something before collapsing onto the bed and falling asleep. Chuckling in amusement, Hermes moves Percy over a bit before lying down himself, pulling the boy closer to him before falling asleep as well. He'll talk to Percy properly tomorrow when they woke up. Percy is wide awake. He knows he's even more tired than he was yesterday, he knows his body has become even more sore than the day before, but now a lingering bout of pleasure is running through his body and he knows he's naked and he knows there's a warm body behind him and he knows there's an arm wrapped possessively around his waist – He bites his lip to stop the ongoing thoughts milling through his head and thinks about instead about what had happened. He drank. And he had continued drinking. And he remembers things going hazy and a vague conversation with someone before he remembers lips descending onto his and his whole world becomes dazed pleasure and unclear memories. Gathering his courage, he pries the arm off of him, which is surprisingly very hard to do, and moves away to gaze at the person he'd gone and slept with. Because that ache in his arse, his spent cock, and his exhausted body is speaking volumes and there's no way he didn't have sex. His face pales and he buries his face into his hands. Of all people, he had to sleep with Hermes. Of all people, he slept with the father of the boy he still likes and hates at the same time, and also the same son he'd just killed. What does that say about him? He spots his clothing and gets off the bed to start putting them on; glad at least they seem to be intact. He winces as he pulls his jeans over his arse, but tries to keep his mind off the reason for the pain. Then he spots the shoes he'd stumbled out of before he'd gotten on the bed yesterday, and pulls them on and leaves without waiting for the god to wake up. He stumbles into the hall and starts panicking about being caught there alone. He quickly starts walking in any direction, luckily finding an exit into the streets of Olympus. There are minor gods passed out here and about, as well as some awake and joyfully chatting with one another. Some of them even spot Percy, eagerly waving and smiling at him. He plasters on a smile and keeps walking, hoping no one would come closer and actually try to talk to him. He feels like crap, even though his body feels wonderful, because inside his emotions are everywhere and his body is still sore and tired. "If you could spare a moment, Perseus?" He doesn't grit his teeth even though he wants to, but instead turns to face Athena. "How can I help you, Lady Athena?" his voice is quiet and he has no energy to try and put a front up for the goddess. She tilts her head curiously to the side and studies him, but doesn't speak. Then she takes a hold of his shoulder and starts directing him somewhere, and he realizes they're heading to her home. "I would like to talk to you," Athena tells him steadily, seating him at her table. He nods jerkily, avoiding looking at the goddess straight in the eyes. "I do not approve of the relationship between yourself and my daughter." It's blunt but honest. He shrugs. "There isn't a relationship." "Pardon?" There is genuine question in her voice, but there is something else that says she knows something. Percy's lips twist sardonically. "I don't like Annabeth that way. I guess you could call it displacement. The one I did like wasn't available so my feelings transferred over to someone more appropriate and whom I'd rather see myself with." "Love is an irrational concept. You should be talking to Aphrodite rather than myself. It is her domain after all." Percy snorts and almost sneers, "I don't think I'd be able to handle talking to her. Besides which, she's no help at all unless she can get something out of the relationship." Athena nods at him in acknowledgement and a small inconceivable smirk. "Aphrodite claims to be the goddess of love, but even with all the love in the world, she will not care if it does not amuse or interest her in some way." "Also, I'm talking to you because you brought me here to talk about it first," he chances a cheeky grin and is rewarded with a smaller, amused one. "I'm surprised you're not angry I don't return Annabeth's feelings." Athena sighs in reluctance, "What can she do? She cannot force a gay man to love her." He tilts his head in question, mimicking her earlier movement. "I knew at the least that you didn't return my daughter's feelings, though you didn't know until yesterday or perhaps today. And I have a hint to whom you do love…loved." He nods. "I will not question exactly who it