Disclaimer: Nope, just a fanfiction writer. I would be a man, if I owned it, wouldn't I? So nope. Story: Aphrodite says Percy should be with Rachel. Eros says Annabeth. Things happen and now Percy went and fell asleep on them. Suitors go on a "battle royale" to reach the sleeping boy, and Zeus is too afraid to try because his brother will kill him. Set after "The Last Olympian." Spoilers: Maybe for all books. Pairings: Zeus/Percy (Zeucy –Because the French say they're saucy. Or Zercy 'cause they're magical like Circe.) Grim Olympian Tales: The Pricking of Briar Rose Zeus/Percy –Based on Briar Rose (aka Sleeping Beauty) "You are completely wrong, Mother." The goddess scoffed. "And you are an idiot. Whatever could he see in her? For Zeus' sake, she's a Daughter of Athena . Percy will be bored within a year, if not less. And Annabeth is so irritating and uninteresting." Eros scoffed back, "And Rachel is too odd for Percy. Percy's sweet and he's kind…but I'm not sure his connection to Rachel is strong enough to rival the one he has with Annabeth." Aphrodite glowered at her son, gritting her teeth. "I tell you, Annabeth is a bore! Their passion will fizzle into nothing in no time!" "And I say that Rachel is incompatible with Percy!" In typical Aphrodite fashion, she huffed and turned on her heel to walk out on her son first. She immediately walked over to Ares' palace, ready to rant to her lover. Who was typically (typically nowadays at least) averting his eyes away from her and started furiously polishing his spear as soon as she started in on the subject. "Why are you so fixated on his love life?" he grunted, scowling. He still wasn't looking at her. "Who cares about the sea brat's love life? So what if he wants to date that weirdo mortal or Athena's bitchy girl?" "Bitchy! That's it! That's exactly the word I was looking for to describe Annabeth. Not as bitchy as her mother, but still," Aphrodite sneered. "And I care about Percy's love life because I like him and he's amusing. And I don't think I've gotten as much amusement from anyone else, especially about their love life, than Percy's. It's boring around here and he's my only entertainment. I have to get my kicks from somewhere, you know." Ares grunted simply, going for the caveman act to avoid actually having to answer to that. "I got it! I'll just borrow some of Eros' little toys and make myself a Percy romance cocktail that'll so go my way," Aphrodite said slyly, squealing happily after as she thought more about it. And before Ares could protest even more, the goddess of love had disappeared. Once she'd taken her son's bow and grabbed a random arrow, she went for Apollo. It wasn't like she could fire it. Her aim would totally be off and she would miss her chance if she missed. There wouldn't be a second opportunity so she had to get it right the first time. And who else but sweet and handsome Apollo would shoot it for her? Not that brat Artemis or cold Athena. She huffed inwardly. She would get hers over them, that was for sure. And once she'd located Apollo, who barely protested as she dragged him with her, she was gearing towards her ultimate plan. Percy would get his perfect romance, and she would get her perfect ending. It would've been more perfect if Percy would end up with her, but they all knew that the gods and goddesses were decisively staying out of it, or else they knew they would end up fighting each other and creating a drastic war. Percy was their Helen after all. "I don't think this is a good idea," Apollo muttered. "Ugh, you're being just like Ares," Aphrodite clenched her hands. She wasn't stupid though. She knew why for their attitudes. She knew how Ares felt, even if he tried to act indifferent and pretend otherwise. Apollo was similar, though he was more open and accepting of how he felt. But she felt the same way. They weren't the only ones feeling like this –the others did too. They didn't have to be stupid about it though. They should be happy if Percy was happy. They found Percy's new apartment and did the normal, mortal thing. They used his front door and knocked. However, when there was no response, they looked at each other. "He's here, right?" Apollo asked uncertainly. "I didn't check," Aphrodite admitted. "But we can just go in and see if he is. And if he's not, we'll just wait for him." Apollo reluctantly agreed and the two of them slipped into the apartment easily. They split up and looked around, but didn't see him. Aphrodite went into the kitchen, where she screamed and ran towards Percy's fallen figure. "Percy? Percy, are you alright?" she was asking hysterically. Apollo found them and took over, gently prying her away and pushing her aside, checking on Percy himself. "He's breathing. It's steady," he noted, starting to feel confusion. "I'm…not sure what's wrong." He would need some time to find out what had happened, but it would be just as well if they took him to the mortal hospital. He picked up Percy and grabbed onto Aphrodite's hand, ignoring her hyperventilating and concentrating on teleporting to the hospital. At an inconspicuous spot, he made sure his and Aphrodite's clothing were appropriate, before rushing into the ER. While Aphrodite stood motionless to the side, Apollo tried to explain had happened as well as he could. Percy was taken and put into a room. For a while, they really didn't know what was wrong, and even scarier was that Percy was still asleep for the next three days. They didn't dare go to the others and tell them what happened. All of them would all panic and the world would be in chaos before they knew it. They? They were already feeling chaotic as it were. "He has what is called Kleine-Levin Syndrome," the doctor told them on the seventh day. It was a disease Apollo wasn't familiar with. There were so many in the world that Apollo didn't always catch up, despite being a god of medicine. He tended to seek out the knowledge when the occasion called for it, and now with a name, Apollo could feel the information surging through his mind. "It's also known as the 'Sleeping Beauty' Syndrome," the doctor continued. "His continued sleep is the main basis of the condition. Anyone diagnosed with it can generally have an episode that lasts from a week to less than a month, hours if they're lucky. Years if they're not." "Do you know when he'll wake up right now?" Aphrodite spoke up, voice quiet and teary. "I'm sorry," the doctor apologized. "There's really no way to tell." Apollo looked over the goddess, who had taken to crying again. She looked up at him and they both knew the others needed to be told, especially now that Percy was going to sleep, sleep, sleep… Would he sleep forever? They were immortals. Couldn't they do something about this? Wouldn't they be able to cure him? Somehow or other, they found that they were unable to have any power over the situation, no matter what they wanted. Why did it have to be him? Zeus wasn't sure what he was doing there. Many of the others had faithfully visited the young mortal, but he had staved off a visit for as long as he could, redoubling his focus on rebuilding the damages gained from the war and monitoring the world, fulfilling his duties and responsibilities… It was now six months since Percy Jackson had succumbed to a deep sleep he had yet to awaken from, and it was only now that Zeus had come. Seeing him now, Zeus didn't like how still and silent, so utterly pale the young man was. He could not see the sea-green eyes that was alive with emotion, similar to his brother's eyes and yet so, so different. There was nothing to show the lifeless form in front of him was the brave young man who had saved all of Olympus from crumbling into ruin and ashes. "But now here you are," Zeus murmured, reluctantly taking a seat by his bedside. "Did you prick your finger, Briar Rose?" he mocked bitterly. He reached over and idly took a hand, examining Percy's fingers. They were oddly soft, but with only slight calluses. "And who was the evil Malificent who sent you into such a deep sleep?" His voice became somber, just as his eyes looked upon Percy tiredly and yet sorrowfully. If he'd let himself, he knew longing would be present in his eyes as well. Zeus let go of Percy's hands, letting it fall just from a slight tilt of his own hand, and watching as Percy's fell limply back onto the bed. This wasn't a fairytale. He wasn't Prince Charming – none of them were –and there was no villain to fight against. Just a sleeping boy, just some pathetic gods, and a disease that couldn't be touched on (not even by the gods themselves). So Percy slept. "You don't seem to be sleeping well," Hera commented. Zeus waved dismissively. "Well, there are others who seem to be sleeping too much." "Why don't you go to him?" she said softly. Zeus stayed quiet, ignoring her. She sighed and left. "There's too much work to do," he finally said to the emptiness of the room. It echoed in the chamber, and then silence once again haunted him. Nevertheless, Zeus once again visited Percy. Still silent and still unmoving in the hospital bed, Zeus just shook his head at the young man. "Why did I bother?" Why did he? Truth was, he knew the answer. It was the same for all the others. But nothing ever good came from him, and he knew that Percy wasn't his to have. He wasn't any of theirs to have. "Today, will you wake? Or are you guarded by a dragon that will never let you free?' Zeus questioned the comatose demigod seriously. "When the world is nothing but ashes, will you come then? Will you breathe life into statues? Shatter us like glass, break us into pieces? What is it that you want, Perseus? What do you want from us? What will it take for you to wake up?" Nothing. Percy had never been the type to want something in exchange for something else. And really –what would happen if he did wake up? Would this happen again? The condition Percy had said that the episodes would happen, and there were no cures and there was nothing to help predict when an episode would come. They would be flying blind trying to figure this out, and Percy's own life would be disrupted and put on hold so many times. How would he be able to go through life, the rest of his life, plagued by this condition that would take over himself? Take over his life? "Do you want to wake up to that, Percy?" Zeus asked gravely. "Is that why it's taking you so long to wake up? Because if you do, you know your life will never be the same and you won't be able to stop the episodes or control them? That you would be condemned to missing out large periods of your life, just having to leave everything behind as you can't help falling asleep and unable to wake from your slumber?" What would happen to Percy? Would he, if left in his kitchen and not been found by Aphrodite and Apollo, just simply stayed lying on the floor, day after day passing him unknowingly by? Would his body crave and be denied nutrients, and he starved to death? The images, the questions, the thoughts –they were all in Zeus' head, unable