The Begizzer's Major Compenditory Eustace Fipps was probably one of the last true freelance Begizzers in all of England; and if you could have distilled Begizzerdry to its quintessential core values, Eustace Fipps was almost the ideal Begizzer for being methodical, regimented, patient, precise and cautious – with a steady mind for detail and order – and certainly not one that tires of repetition. Eustace lived in a simple single room rented from the daunting and iron-jawed Mrs Keppler, at a no-nonsense Bed and Breakfast in a tidy farming village on the outskirts of Nottingham. Like Eustace's psyche, his room was neat, beige, and orderly, and Spartan in its reduction to only the most absolutely necessary of furnishings. He was considered throughout the small community as dependable, quiet and normal: except maybe for his bizarre enjoyment of stone cold chicory coffee; his peculiar habit of wearing, every day, Cuban-heeled cowboy boots and a lime-green plastic cagoule with nine zipper pockets for Useful Things; and occasionally some villagers had noticed his little "lucky stick" that he carried – although most just assumed Mr Fipps to have the unusual hobby of being a diviner of water. Eccentric, perhaps, but understandable. If only they knew. But neither Mrs Keppler nor Mr Cullen, her other regular at Dunwurken Bed and Board (No Pets, No Access After 8pm, No Smoking – No Time-Wasters), ever suspected that they had a Begizzer in their midst – or even that there were such things as Begizzers. And as all three were shy types, only ever exchanging the very smallest of small-talk and most unoffensive and unspecific of pleasantries, and living entirely in their own safe little bubbles; neither Mrs Keppler nor Mr Cullen were ever likely to suspect that they knew a wizard , or to comprehend their own non-magical, "muggle" status. In fact, Mr Cullen – if he thought about Eustace at all – would suspect him of working as an accountant, or actuarial, or for the veterinary service, or some other such drab and tedious profession – certainly not a "more-interesting-than-it-sounds-when-you-get-to-know-it-honest" Chartered Surveyor, like daring Mr Cullen. Mrs Keppler herself believed "our Mr Fipps" to work as a scientist in some dull lab on the outskirts of town, where he probably tried to invent a new form of Teflon or Velcro, or something: the company, or perhaps more likely bank, that paid his one-month-in-advance rent (always on time, always exact) into her own account sounded to her as vaguely scientific or maybe Swedish or something. As she looked at her bank statements, she occasionally mouthed the name to herself: "Grin-gotts"…? And sometimes it said that an extra pound-or-so was paid to "ensure fairness regarding minor fluctuations in the Pound-to-Galleon exchange rate"… So, maybe one of those far-flung little places like Borneo or Burma? But although close in her guess, in fact his bank was a rather famous Goblin bank based in London; his long-saved money exchanged from the wizarding currency of Galleons, Sickles and Knuts; his profession was as a 'Lexical Begizzer' (or word-based Spell Explorer/Inventor); and his workplace was a disused farm… or rather, an overgrown corner of that farm… or rather, in an overgrown corner of a disused farm, down inside an enchanted series of plastic barrels. So… close, Mrs Keppler, but no cigar (that you wouldn't let anyone smoke anyway). Every working day (and to driven obsessives like Eustace, weekends were something that happened to other magic-users), he would cycle in his cowboy boots and cagoule to the rusty gate, cautiously looking all around while unlocking, moving through, and relocking the gate. He would travel up the tangled and overgrown path, mumbling secret words under his breath, to the disused farm that he inherited years ago from a disappointed muggle father. Ensuring he wasn't followed, even to the point of performing a sweep-scan of the sky very carefully, he would continue to mumble a series of protective charms (including two Apathy Barriers that few other wizards were ever likely to have discovered, let alone found a counter for), before chaining up his bike at a rusted outbuilding with ten waist-high blue plastic barrels, and one heavy-duty metal barrel, all corralled and securely roped together in one corner. Just before entering, he would flick a switch on the outbuilding wall to a cable running into the first of the barrels, and then, lifting the lid of one of the plastic barrels, and swinging a cowboy-booted foot over the side, Eustace would descend deeper down than the barrel should normally allow, into what suddenly becomes a multi-chambered research facility of his own long, painstaking design. Now in a small, surprisingly tatty lobby, shaped like an over-inflated reverse-capital-B, wood-panelled and lit with gently buzzing muggle fluorescent strip-lights, he walks to a small cupboard that holds candles, ink pots and feather quills, along with a small, twisted-corner paper bag of what appear to be sweets, but not one that any muggle sweet store shelf or jar has ever seen – for these odd sweets all make a surprising hubbub of off-key buzzes and mumbles as the door opens and light, falling upon their paper prison, "wakens" them. The lobby also has a small cupboard space for a neatly folded bundle of clothes. Eustace changes out of his ingenious muggle disguise, and dons (with a small sigh of relief at "coming home") one of his three folded sturdy robes – not just one set of robes, because something could happen to one; and not just two because, as you could probably already guess, Eustace is a wands-and-potions wizard, the magical equivalent of a belt-and-braces muggle – and then he steps into a severe leathery apron made of traditionally-cured dragon skin, before placing the neatly-folded cunning muggle-disguise in the appropriate space, and closing the door (leaving the not-unpleasant low cacophony from the excitable sweets to slowly die off). Adjoining the grubby little lobby is a blue-tiled kitchenette (but with what can only be a miniature cauldron, not a kettle) and a door leading to a little round bathroom. From the kitchenette he opens a cupboard to see all the labels correctly facing him, and all the handles of the mugs neatly pointing to the right. Eustace may not care about presentation and appearance, but he certainly does like order . Not what something looks like , but how something is . And when every handle is ready to go, for Eustace, all is right in the world. He makes himself a chicory coffee, before walking down the sole central corridor, passing double-door after double-door. At the end, he comes to a heavy, curved wall with one sturdy metal door – but he does not enter here yet, and instead heads left to a small, easily-overlooked alcove – the cluttered cubbyhole of his mini-office – and sits in a chair that was (by no accident) uncomfortable-but-practical. Protruding from the curved wall on a rickety movable bracket is an oddly-pieced together item of candle holder and ratchet arm (that can only be described as a sort of angle-poise lantern) – he lights the candle within with a brief point of his 'lucky stick' and a word, " incendio ". Ahead of him, his little wooden writing desk holds only two green jars of ink and two stiff white quills; a small dark blue jar half-full of Atherton's Atonal Humbugs; a small coaster onto which he'll place his coffee and will invariably forget to drink; and a spectacles case of yellow dragon-hide which he would open, swiftly donning the small half-mooned ocular aids and placing his "lucky stick", or day-to-day wand (Elm and Unicorn Hair; 5 inches, Supple; polished to a pristine gleam with Snibbo's Preservative Resin, "Now With Added Nourishing Linseed Oils!"), inside for safe-keeping. Such a neat desk, and yet all around, taking up almost all the remaining space, save for the tight path to the desk, the clutter in this cramped cupboard of an office is entirely made up of notebooks of different colours – great teetering piles of coloured books in ordered groups, like ramparts, battlements and spires of some peculiar, curved, rainbow paper castle. He'd swivel silently into position, and reach for the uppermost notebook atop the closest squared-away minaret of red notebooks (this one labelled "9-LETTER SWISH AND FLICK SPELLS: SAR-to-"), turn to the half-filled page marked by a deep purple ribbon (a gift from a witch friend from his youth at Hogwarts, the best-known British school of wizardry). The purple has faded slightly, but the cool silk of the ribbon still always makes his fingers tingle with nostalgic affection. Taking his simple swan-quill in hand, and in the neatest minute scrawl of block capitals, he would transcribe from the latest entry in the first column "SARANAFOM" to copy directly beneath now as "SARANAFON". Then he would replace the quill to its inkpot, blow on the page to dry the dark green ink, place the purple ribbon back into the red notebook, close it carefully, before placing it neatly and exactly back on the red tower. He would open his desk drawer and take out his heavy-duty professional "Agnes Wand" (Teak and Pegasus Hair; 7 and a half inches, Rigid; dull wood, no oils or preservatives to contaminate the Begizzerdry); and then Eustace Fipps simultaneously tests its usage and extinguishes the candle (Point and " Nox ") for safety and frugality; then a walk around the heavy wall to a cylindrical, gray-tiled reinforced chamber with a small slotted drain in the centre. Other than a painted 'X' a third of the way in facing a clumsily-painted outline of a figure on one wall opposite the door, the only thing to denote the floor from the curved wall from the ceiling were gently glowing concentric circles in basic off-white upon the dark concrete floor, painted at 1-foot intervals from the drain, radiating out, and climbing the walls. Standing on the 'X' he would raise his wand like a conductor's baton, and with a tidy motion of a slow, even swish, and a neat little flick forward, he would precisely declare " Saranafon ". He would watch the effect (in this case, a small, red frog appeared in mid-air, two feet ahead of him; gravity quickly catching up and calling it downwards to arrive with a delicate splat, causing the newly-found frog to make a slightly irate and surprised whirrip-whirrip sound.) Then, after watching it hop around the chamber for exactly four minutes to ensure no hidden side-effects, the mature Begizzer would offer almost a fencing salute-and-swipe with his wand, and the words " Deletio Incantatem ", and the leaden chamber would be entirely frogless again. Some Begizzers would feel satisfied at one casting – Eustace Wands'n'Potions Fipps would repeat the spell no less than nine times, waiting the same patient four minutes for each. Occasionally, the incantation will seemingly deliver no result in the empty chamber – and for some lesser Begizzers, that would be the end of the attempt, but not for Eustace Fipps. For Eustace, nothing happening is when the Begizzing really begins . On the opposite side to the little cubby hole that barely passes for an office, there is a walk-in cupboard containing what Eustace considers the Tools Of The System. The Tools are a numbered set of jars that contain a wide range of examples for an element or target for each of the known kinds of spells – for instance, there are jars of fire, earth, air and water. There are jars of different metals, sands and stones, glass and very small quantities of precious jewels. Jars of materials and furs and feathers and foodstuffs and plant life and so on. Eustace would work slowly and methodically through each jar. And if the Begizzing of his current nine-letter word yields no results on inanimate objects, early in Eustace's career, (like many who Begizz) he learned to conjure a Duplimate - an exact but mindlessly servile, temporary replica of himself – one