A/N: Massive apologies to any of my TVD readers who are looking at this (I took down Intuition temporarily and Summer Camp is on hiatus). I know I'm crap at finishing stories. I will definitely finish all my stories someday but I've got one last year of grad school and hence I am in struggletown. I've had the idea for this particular Harry Potter fanfic for ages and just never did anything with it. I can't promise to update regularly (or at all *cough* for now anyway) but here it is! As always, lots of love to anyone who supports me regardless. You're the best xxxx 1. The Emergence of Gossip Ghoul The door to the train carriage slid open with a loud 'bang' and in stalked Rose Weasley, with a venomous gleam in her eyes, tossing her long, copper hair over her shoulder. 'Hugo, this is getting frustrating.' She produced a huff of annoyance as she chucked aside Hogwarts Weekly , the school's official newsletter. That particular copy, having been the very last issue from the previous academic year, contained tediously lengthy articles on the Gryffindors' sweeping of the House Cup. The lanky, red-haired boy – a splitting image of his father in his younger days – sitting across from her in the train carriage seemed not to have heard her, focusing all of his attention, instead, on the Remembrall in his hand – which had turned an unfortunate shade of red. ' Hugo ,' Rose snapped. 'Oh, I'm sorry, what was it? What's getting frustrating?' he asked, distractedly, as he trained his chocolate orbs on her. She regarded him with a dry look. 'You haven't forgotten to bring your quills and parchment again, have you?' ' Merlin ,' he sighed and warily swept a hand over his face. 'Four years in a row. And this is my fourth year. I suppose I'll have to ask Mum to send it to me again. She's not going to be pleased.' 'Anyway,' Rose replied after a moment's pause, drawing his attention back to the issue at hand. 'I'm really upset about this.' She stalled, waiting for him to ask what she was upset about. Hugo stared at her in confusion. 'Huh?' She rolled her eyes. 'This!' She lifted the article she'd been reading and threw it at him. He picked it off his lap and examined it closely. 'Why do you still have a newsletter from last year?' 'Hugo,' Rose all but growled. 'I got it off Nadine, all right? Now read it, please .' ' Gryffindor steals the Hogwarts House Cup for the third year running. This magnificent winning streak has been celebrated by many as a worthy interruption to that of the Slytherin House... ' Hugo monotonously read aloud the contents of the article on the first page. He then paused to stare up at Rose in confusion. 'How is this upsetting? Would you rather have Slytherin winning the House Cup?' Rose sighed melodramatically and snatched back the newsletter. 'Exactly! Why is it that the House Cup is forever trapped in a tug-of-war between Slytherin and Gryffindor? Don't you find it heinously unfair that this leaves no room at all for Ravenclaw or Hufflepuff to come in first?' A funny look came over Hugo's face. 'Rose,' he said, slowly, as if she were inept at understanding even the simplest of facts – she fumed at this, but allowed him to continue. 'You know it isn't unfair. Whichever house it is that wins, wins fair and square. It isn't like the results are rigged.' Rose snorted and turned to stare out the window, at the sky that was quickly swirling into a pool of dark blue. 'Rigged,' she groused. 'How do you know it hasn't been rigged?' Hugo shifted his gaze to follow hers. 'I suppose we can't be too sure,' he replied after a moment's pause. 'I'm assuming our professors are smart enough to know when someone's tampering with the system. At any rate, I don't mind as long as Slytherin doesn't win. It would wipe that smug look right off Zabini's face.' He grinned at her. Rose didn't share his smile. 'Rigged,' she murmured once more. 'Now there's a thought.' Hugo sighed. 'Rosie,' he said reasonably. 'Don't be getting any strange ideas now.' She laughed airily and transferred her attention to the book she'd just pulled out of her bag. 'Don't insult me, Hugo. I don't get strange ideas.' Hugo glanced at her in amusement. Her emphasis on the word 'strange' hadn't evaded his notice. 'What kinds of ideas do you get then?' 'Why, good ones, of course,' Rose replied in a matter-of-fact manner, without looking up from her book. 'Of course,' said Hugo in resignation. His sister was a force of nature and nothing he said could sway her once she'd made up her mind to do something, anyway. 'Say, Rose, do you think Mum's going to send me a Howler for forgetting my quills?' Hugo asked. 'And parchment,' Rose added, not quite answering his question. Beep, beep, beep. The noise sounded from the pockets of both siblings. They reached their hands into their robes and each withdrew a curious-looking sheet of black glass. It was shaped like a rectangular disc, approximately the size of a slim cellphone. And, oddly enough, it functioned somewhat similarly to one, allowing for a system of notifications, messaging and calls. It was technology that ran entirely on magic, a concept envisioned and produced by Arthur Weasley down in Muggle Artefacts at the ministry. He'd named it 'Magitech'. Magitech was currently in its second year of being trialled at both Hogwarts and the Ministry of Magic. The opaque surface of the black glass disc gleamed before lighting up with a notification. Hey there, witches and wizards. Gossip Ghoul here. Your one and only source into the scandalous lives of Hogwarts' elite. And guess what, mages? It's that time of year again – September 1 st . In case you needed an update, last year ended with a Gryffindor house victory... Poor Slytherin. It must smart to come in second to Gryffindor for three consecutive years. But with Scorpius Malfoy leading the Slytherin qudditch team this school year – will the lions continue to reign or have the snakes finally come out to play? Only time will tell… If I don't, that is. See you around. XOXO, Gossip Ghoul. 'What on earth….' Hugo began to say. 'Brilliant,' Rose hissed, stuffing her Magitech back into her robes. 'Now we've got ourselves a gossip columnist who perpetuates the same stupid ideologies present in Hogwarts Weekly .' 'She got the idea from that muggle TV show, didn't she?' Hugo asked. 'Or was it a book?' 'That is beside the point, Hugo,' Rose snapped. 'I'm leaving for my prefects' meeting,' she grumbled, rising from her seat and storming out of the carriage. 'I really hope Mum doesn't send me a Howler,' Hugo said to himself, absent-mindedly. Rose ran into her cousin Lily almost as soon as she'd stepped out of the carriage. 'Lily, please watch where you're going. You're going to fall over and hurt yourself, one of these days.' Lily looked up from her Magitech, glancing at Rose from behind thick, brown-framed spectacles. 'Oh, sorry, Rosie.' She brushed her ginger fringe out of her eyes. 'Have you seen this?' She showed Rose the notification from Gossip Ghoul. 'Yes.' Rose fumed. 'I wish Ravenclaw would win the House Cup just once, Rosie. Don't you?' Lily frowned sadly, wrinkling the smattering of freckles across the bridge of her nose. 'That is quite unlikely, Lily-flower,' resounded an obnoxious male voice from behind Rose. Rose turned around and offered her other cousin, and Lily's brother, Albus Potter, a withering look. 'What's got our Rosie Posie in such a radiant mood this fine day?' Albus grinned handsomely. 'Could it be the mention of her arch nemesis Scorpius Malfoy in the Gossip Ghoul post?' 'Arch nemesis or one true love?' James appeared out in the corridor, next to Albus. ' Ohhhh! ' The boys punched each other's arms excitedly. 'Shut up,' Rose snapped. 'You two dimwits wouldn't happen to have anything to do with this stupid Magitech post, would you?' 'Not a clue,' said James too innocently. 'Maybe you should ask Freddie.' 'Oh, I will,' said Rose with menace. She turned and swept past Lily, down the corridor, towards the prefects' carriage. 'Wait for me, Rosie!' Albus called out behind her. Fifteen minutes they had been waiting in the prefects' carriage and, still, the Head Boy was missing. Rose glanced around at a few of her fellow prefects. The Head Girl, Molly Weasley, was tapping her foot on the floor where she stood, arms crossed, with an angry look on her face. Albus was fiddling around with his wand. Lorcan Scamander was fiddling around with his Magitech. Scorpius Malfoy sat between Lorcan Scamander and Eoin Nott, looking very serene as he calmly flipped the page of the textbook he was immersed in. Eoin was, in turn, deep in hushed conversation with Henry Longbottom, a fellow seventh year prefect. Rose allowed herself a moment to admire Eoin. The boy was, oddly enough, one of Scorpius Malfoy's closest friends, despite being in a different year level as well as a different house. Her eyes traced the short thicket of black curls atop his head, and the length of his thick, dark lashes. His warm, cinnamon eyes. His straight, perfect nose. His big hands- 'Dreaming of snogging Scorpius Malfoy?' Albus whispered in Rose's ear. She started. 'Albus!' She hissed, shoving him away from her. Albus frowned, glancing back to where Scorpius and Eoin were seated. A look of understanding dawned on him. ' Nott ? Seriously?' Rose ignored him. 'Honestly,' Albus groused. 'I don't see what birds see in him. Sure, he's a little pretty. And he's a prefect. And Hufflepuff quidditch captain this year… But there's not much going on inside his head, is there?' On and on and on, he went. Rose's eyebrow began to twitch in annoyance. She pressed a hand to it. The door to the carriage slid open, then, and Louis Weasley pranced in, smiling charmingly. 'You're late!' Molly said to the Head Boy. 'Sorry,' Louis said apologetically. 'A teensie-weensie brawl broke out down the other end of the train. I had to threaten to dock points from both houses. Imagine starting the year with a negative number of house points.' 'Which houses?' Rose asked. 'Do you need to ask?' Louis grinned down at her. 'Slytherin and Gryffindor,' said Albus. 'That is correct.' The rest of the meeting went by without incident. Louis and Molly handed out schedules and reiterated several important school rules. Magitech devices were not allowed to be used inside classrooms, or Professor McGonagall would confiscate and suspend use of them for some time. The prefects' carriage emptied slowly once the meeting ended. Albus slapped Scorpius on the shoulder as he walked by. 'Hey, Scorp. Got anything good planned for quidditch season?' 'Couldn't tell you even if I wanted to, Potter,' Scorpius replied with a good-natured smile. He nodded at Rose as he exited the carriage. She pursed her lips in response. Scorpius Malfoy remained a puzzle to her. His father was a former deatheater. His mother appeared cold and distant. And he'd been sorted into Slytherin house – a house which didn't have the best track record. He was a Malfoy . And yet he seemed… perfect. He was handsome and charming in a quiet way that got attention from girls without him really meaning to. He was a prefect and this year's Slytherin quidditch captain. He was intelligent, consistently beating Rose to first place in every subject they shared. (This bothered her greatly; she despised constantly coming in second to him.) But most of all, Scorpius seemed like a genuinely decent human being. And as much as she couldn't bring herself to hate him for it, it just irked her that everything seemed to come