Lalaith Elerrina-Daughter of Valinor - Chapter 1 September 15, 2003 Submitted By Lalaith-Elerrina Lalaith Elerrina-Daughter of Valinor Chapter 1 Lalaith lay in a dark and troubled dream. It seemed that she was once again in the black gloom of Moria, hearing haunting echoes of the past. Gandalf's voice rang through the darkness as he faced the Balrog upon the Bridge of Kazad-Dûm. White light flashed as he brought his staff down, and a mighty crack, as a boom of thunder, resounded through the darkness. The stone cracked away as the Balrog stepped upon it, and toppled backward into the darkness of the abyss, its whip catching Gandalf's ankle as it disappeared into the depths. "Fly, you fools!" Gandalf had ordered, catching vainly at the crumbled stone, the last words she had heard him speak while he was alive, and then as before, an eternity passed in an instant, and then he fell. She saw Boromir snatch Frodo bodily up, the Hobbit kicking and crying out Gandalf's name. And she saw herself, her face white with grief and weakness, dragged back by Legolas. But the scene moved. Her dream sight flew down into the darkness of the pit into which Gandalf and the Balrog had fallen, black and sightless, but for a spot of fire illuminated in the distant depths. She could see a stream of billowing smoke streaming upward, marking the path where the Balrog fell, the source of the distant fire. And in that fire, though not of it, was silhouetted a smaller figure. A figure wielding a sword, and smiting repeated at the Balrog as the two fell. Furiously the Balrog and the figure, tiny in the furious light the demon cast off, battled as they fell, striking blows even as they were battered mercilessly against the encroaching walls of the pit. But suddenly the sides of the narrowing chasm opened into a vast subterranean chamber. The Balrog and the being who fought it were plummeting toward the floor of the chamber, the surface undulating and sparkling beneath light that had not illuminated this vast underground cavity since the first ages of Arda. Lalaith realized with a sudden breath, that Gandalf, for that is who he was now, she knew, was plunging toward a vast black lake of water. The water drew closer, growing brighter and brighter. And at impact, a bright light exploded within her mind, and she gasped. "Gandalf!" She cried, jerking awake with a start. Cold air blew on her face. She was lying on her back. It was night. Evening was fading slowly in the west. She turned and suddenly wished she were back in her dream. Her wrists and ankles were tied with cords. Tight cords that cut into her skin, and chaffed her flesh, burning her wrists almost as fiercely as a lancing pain burned in her side, reminding her that she'd been struck by an arrow. But yet she was still alive? Her wondering mind demanded. She glanced down to see the broken shaft still piercing through her jerkin that was stiff and crusted over with dried blood. Beside her Merry lay, unconscious, his face, what wasn't covered in blood, was white, his breathing shallow. He had been struck on the head, for blood caked his face, dried from where it had flowed from an untreated wound on his temple. They were lying on stiff grass, but she could see little beyond the spot of ground where she lay, between the two Hobbits. "Ssso you're awake now, ssshe-elfff?" A voice came at her from her other side, and she turned her head to see an orc crouching near, smaller than the huge goblin men she and Boromir had battled. She could see the huge ones she remembered, beyond its shoulder, scattered among smaller orcs, like the one before her, farther away in many small groups, snapping and snarling at each other in their abominable tongue. This nearest orc had a row of rings marching down its face, tarnished and rusted, piercing grotesquely through its skin from the top of its brow, down to the end of its nose. "Awake are you?" It repeated in a sucking, hissing rasp. Pippin lay on his side, his back to her, between her and the orc who was smiling at her in a way that drove a shiver of fear through her. She was grateful to see that he was breathing more regularly than Merry. And he was awake, for he turned his head to glance at her, and offer her a brave, but half-hearted grin. The orc muttered, "You're alive anyway." with a sneer when she didn't answer. "If you were dead, we woulda eaten ya by now." The orc's large orange eyes grew even larger, and its smiling green lips curled back from sharp, pointed teeth. It ran a long purple tongue over its lips. "They sssay ssshe-elfff meat is essspecially sssweet. But ssssince yer not dead yet-," "You lay a finger on her, and I'll bite it off!" threatened Pippin bravely from where he lay, struggling against the bonds that were holding him. At his words, the orc glanced at Pippin and laughed in a harsh, wheezing blast. "Threaten me again, you sssqueaking rat, and I may forget my ordersss." It spat at him. "If I had my way, you'd all be dead now. Ressst while you can, little fool. You won't get thossse knotsss undone `lesss we cut `em. Curssse Uglúk and hisss Isssengardersss." The orc glanced over his shoulder, casting a poisonous glance at the largest among the massive fighting orcs, and muttered, Uglúk u bagronk sssha pussshdug Sssaruman-glob búbhoshhh ssskai. " The orc passed into a long angry speech in its own foul tongue that finally died away into muttering and snarling. After it grew silent, it stood, and drew closer, a hideous grin curling the corners of its mouth up, away from its fearsome teeth as a line of drool came spilling out of one side of its mouth, hung suspended from its lip for a moment, before it snapped, and dropped, landing with a heavy plop on the hard, coarse grass beside her head. "I never ssseen a Elfff-woman thisss clossse afore." It said, bending down and snatching her face in one of its hands, lifting her partially off the ground. "You're a pretty one." The orc's hideous, lurid face leaned even closer, but suddenly, it reared back with a howl of pain, and fell back on the ground, bent double. Lalaith's eyes darted to Pippin who had inched closer while the orc had been concentrating on her, lifted his bound feet, and kicked hard, right into the spot where he knew he'd get the best results. " Marr vogul-shara !" The orc's howl was loud and shill, and must have carried far, but the other orcs barely noticed. They were speaking in the harsh angry tones of their orc speech, and neither Lalaith nor Pippin could understand them, but it was plain that a quarrel had begun, and was getting hotter. With an angry, snarling hiss, the orc reached out as if to set its claws into Pippin's face. "Don't hurt-," Lalaith cried, only to be cut off again by another scream from the orc. It was jerking its hand back from Pippin's face, and half dragging along the Hobbit as it did. Its scream was more shrill this time than before, and sharp enough to bring a few of the other orcs' heads around. At last, with a painful howl, the orc broke free, turned, and ran, staggering back toward the larger body of orcs, cradling the hand Pippin had latched onto. "Plegh!" Gagged Pippin, spitting something from his mouth that fell with a heavy rustle into the grass beside him. He gagged, and continued spitting hard. "That was disgusting." "The little worm bit my finger off !" The orc screamed, waving its maimed hand about. Its middle finger was now no more than a short stump, pulsing out black blood. "I'm gonna kill it!" It snatched up a thick, curved sword within its uninjured hand, and rushed back, with the clear intent to slice it into Pippin's body, but the cursing spiteful orc had barely made it a few paces toward Pippin before the larger orc reached after it, snatched what long stringy hair was upon its head, jerked its neck sharply back, and flung it fiercely into the grass. The large orc, whom Lalaith guessed was Uglúk, kicked the smaller orc in the side, sending it squealing liked an angry piglet, back into the jumble of orcs. "Our orders," He growled, glaring fiercely at the others as if he expected to be challenged, "are to bring the halflings back alive, and as quickly as possible." "Not our orders!" Shouted another orc angrily. It was one of the smaller ones, like the one whose finger Pippin had bitten off. And probably from the same clan. It occurred to Lalaith that these orcs were from different tribes, and they could not understand one another's orc speech. That was why they were using the common speech to speak to one another. "Nor ours!" Shouted another orc, a skulking little orc with huge eyes, such as the orcs had in Moria. "We have come all the way from the Mines to kill and avenge our folk. I wish to kill, and then go back north. Even if we cannot kill the small ones, let us kill that she-elf! She is of no matter, and her bow killed many of our kin in the mines!" "Are you mad ?" Uglúk demanded. "Do you wish to lose fingers as Gratbag has? Saruman will decide her fate. As for the others, my orders are to deliver them, alive and as captured; no spoiling . That's my orders. No one harm the halflings. And no one harm the she-elf, not until we arrive in Isengard. Got it?" " My orders," said a voice, softer than the others, but more evil. "are that the halflings are not to be searched or plundered, and are to be taken to Lugbúrz, not Isengard. Those are my orders. And as we have no certain orders concerning the she-elf, what is the harm in enjoying her savory meat now?" "I am Uglúk. I command." The spear wielding orc growled, swinging the spear until it pointed at the speaker, an orc that stood out of Lalaith's sight. "I return to Isengard by the shortest road. And I will deliver all my prey unspoiled to Saruman of the White Hand." "Is Saruman the master, or the Great Eye?" Said the evil voice. "We should go back at once to Lugbúrz." "If we could cross the Great River we might." Said another voice. "But there are not enough of us to venture down the bridges." " I came across." Said the evil voice. "A winged Nazgûl awaits us north on the east bank." " Nazgûl? " Pippin muttered under his breath to Lalaith. " Didn't your cousin wash them down the river ?" " Nazgûl can't die ." Lalaith muttered, a sick feeling growing heavy in her gut. " They've come back. " "We must stick together!" Growled Uglúk. "I don't trust you little snagaz . You'd fly off with our prisoners, and get all the pay and praise in Lugbúrz, and leave us to foot it as best we can through the horse country." "Aye!" Cried another voice. "We must stick together. These lands are dangerous. Full of foul rebels and brigands." "You've got no guts outside your own sties, swine." Shouted Uglúk. "But for us, you'd all have run away. We are the fighting Uruk-Hai! We slew the great warrior. We took the prisoners. We are the servants of Saruman. We came out of Isengard, and led you here, and we shall lead you back by the way we choose. I am Uglúk. I have spoken." "Swine, is it?" The evil voice asked, then rising in pitch,