This fic came from a bit of a beef I had in TTT with Legolas and Gim reactions to Aragorn falling over the cliff. Now, granted, that bit was pure Peter Jackson and not at all canon but I wanted to write what I felt was a more accurate portrayal of the other two Hunters reacting to the fall. I also know that such movie-centric fiction is long outdated but during a recent illness I spent my bedridden time watching LotR and I guess it reignited something in me. This is movie-centric in that it involves Aragorn's fall, but book-centric in that there's none of that "elves at Helms Deep" nonsense. So, keep that in mind when reading. Actually it is entirely book-centric except for the cliff thing - because I think the cliff incident is realistic while let's face it, the elves at Helms Deep situation rather lacks that aspect. Except for Elladan and Elrohir, let's not forget that they were supposed to turn up... I'm legally obligated to add a disclaimer stating my non-ownership of these characters or situations. As always, reviews are very much appreciated! Always yours, TRS The remainder of the journey to Helms Deep was dark and grim for the prince of Mirkwood and son of Gloin. The danger past, the elf and dwarf kept far ahead of the rest of the group, at times traveling out of the humans' sight, though the keen vision of the elf allowed the duo keep their distance without straying. A short break was initiated by the king, who sent up flags in sight of the elf bidding the two return for the time. Silently they obeyed, but returned in such grim spirits Theoden wondered if the negative effect might have been better spared on his men. He supposed it did not matter in the end; the spirits of the men were so low the dour faces of Legolas and Gimli would probably not be seen as extraordinary. It was at this time that Theoden realized the profound ability to unite that had been present in Aragorn. Without the Man, the elf and dwarf remained detached from the group of humans, seeming more out of place than ever and with short, minute responses to anything asked of them. They themselves initiated no contact with the men, conferring quietly with one another beyond the hearing of the men and sparing no details with even the king. They arrived at Helms Deep the following day. Legolas immediately disappeared, and though Theoden questioned his men they could not find him. There had been reports of a figure perched precariously atop the steepest pitches of the stronghold, and Theoden could only assume the elf had fled where he could be close to the stars - given what he had heard about elves and their inclination toward the naked sky. He had been so high up, however, and his route could not be fathomed by the men, and if he had heard the calls trying to reach him he had ignored them. Summarily the men had reported Legolas was not to be found and Theoden left it alone at that. For his part Gimli had remained among the men longer than his friend, being disinclined, Theoden supposed, to the lofty heights and nimble climbs preferred by the elf. The dwarf had approached the lady Eowyn with a tentative and sorrowful look in his eye, as he bowed his head and told her of Aragorn's fall. Theoden had watched the exchange with grief in his heart, for he had recognized the look in Eowyn's eye when she looked upon Aragorn, and he was far too familiar with loss of a loved one not to feel her pain. Gimli had told Eowyn who had sunk back in horror, and he had awkwardly followed her as she retreated to a back room to grieve quietly, and tried to comfort her as she wept - though Theoden knew her tears would shame her. He had been swept away by duties and had not seen Gimli til later in the evening. The dwarf was still with Eowyn, having apparently felt for her and taken it upon himself to tend to her comfort. For her part Eowyn seemed shocked enough by Aragorn's loss to accept Gimli's kind sympathy, though Theoden knew at a different time she might have balked at the perception of pity. As Gimli hovered behind Eowyn assisting her with preparations to move into the caves, however, Legolas had suddenly appeared as though from nowhere. His expression was impossible to read, but his posture was tense and his eyes were hard. He spoke but three words to Gimli then turned and disappeared again, as though he had never existed in that place. Gimli seemed to understand his meaning, and after ensuring Eowyn could manage things on her own, had taken off after the elf. Neither elf nor dwarf had been seen since then, and Theoden could only wonder what was going on in the two foreign heads. He had not long to wonder, for the two appeared before him before dawn had even broken the sky. "Lords Legolas and Gimli to see Your Highness," a guard outside his door said, shifting uneasily. Somehow the presence of non-men always seemed off-putting to the humans, ally or not. "Show them in," said Theoden. He felt unnerved by their sudden, united presence in his chambers. Upset would be an understatement to describe the two after Aragorn's fall. Legolas in particular become cold and distant, far different from the fair and gentle being Theoden had witnessed in Aragorn's presence. Gimli had stayed around the elf, muttering things to himself and smoking his pipe. Neither had deigned to speak with Theoden and the fact that they did now indicated a high level of importance of the ensuing conversation. The elf and dwarf stepped into Theoden's chambers. Theoden made a slight bow, which Gimli returned and Legolas did to a degree, with a respectful nod of his head. "My lords. How may I help you?" Gimli glanced up at his taller friend, who seemed to have been elected to be the speaker. "It is our regret that we must take leave of you on this very day, Theoden King," the elf said, in as stately and regal a voice as any of Theoden's court. Theoden started. If he had had any expectations of their visit, it had not been that. They could not lose elf and dwarf now! Why, they were two of the most experienced and capable warriors at Helms Deep - probably the most deadly! Surely they could not take leave now on the eve of battle. "You-you cannot!" he stammered, irked by the way the elf and dwarf now saw him stuttering like a child rather than a king. "Where do you think to go?" he demanded, harsher than he meant. Legolas read the king's harried emotions in his eyes and responded with grave respect but gave no ground. "To seek Aragorn," the elf said quietly, and Theoden's heart sank. He should have suspected as much. "Legolas," he said tentatively. "A faithful friend you were to him in life, but surely you must realize-" "All that is gold does not glitter," Legolas said in an odd, almost song-like voice. Theoden could not have known it but it was Legolas's idea of humorous, given the appropriate nature of the comment as well as that it referred, ultimately, to Aragorn. "Speak your meaning plainly," Theoden said tersely, not in the mood for elven word games. "I have seen men take spills far less grave than what Aragorn took, and not survive. You cannot think him alive." The elf's eyes flashed. "Millenia I have walked this earth, and learned no lesson more important than that truth lies often beneath the surface," he said coldly. "That is my meaning, Theoden King, and you would do well to heed it." Theoden licked his lips and tried to suppress his anger at the elf's condescension. On one hand, he felt insulted that the elf would treat him as such a child. On the other hand, an irate elf was not something he wanted to deal with, so he tried to diffuse the situation with as much pride as he could manage. "What shall you do if you find him?" he asked finally. Any ignoramus could see Legolas was not about to believe Aragorn dead, despite all evidence to the contrary, and it would do no good arguing the point. The fire in Legolas's eyes died slightly at the king's redirection of the conversation, but his answer came swiftly. "My will would have him returned to a place of healing," the elf said bluntly. "But undoubtedly he shall oppose this plan if he has the breath to speak it. Therefore, we shall bear him back to Helms Deep, for whatever doom awaits us here." A shudder ran through the elf almost involuntarily, and Theoden felt inclined to agree. "And...if you do not?" he asked tentatively, unwilling to strike up the elf's anger again but feeling it necessary to know. But Legolas did not rise to anger. Determination was set in his clear eyes but he lacked not an understanding that Aragorn may not have survived. "I will travel first to Imladris bearing news of his demise to his beloved and her lord-father Elrond," Legolas said. It was clear he had already considered these questions before Theoden voiced them. He took a deep breath. "And bearing his body with us, if one is to be found." Theoden started. "His beloved..." he echoed. He had not time to ponder it now, but he had not realized Aragorn's affections were taken by another. He wondered whether his niece knew, and his heart sank a little further for another loss in her life. Evidently neither elf nor dwarf felt it necessary to elaborate, and Legolas continued to speak. "Lord Gimli has agreed to travel with me to Imladris," Legolas said, no tone evident. Gimli gave a grunt of agreement. "From there I shall return to the service of my lord in Mirkwood, and Gimli shall seek his kinsmen in the mountain." "You would not stay to abet the efforts of Rohan to stave off doom?" Theoden could not help the anger he felt. The loss of his men, of Aragorn and the rising fear he felt at what would inevitably be Rohan's demise contributed to a short and panicked temper. Legolas raised an eyebrow. "You have yourself named it doom, yet you would have us stay? And for what cause? This is not the fight of elves or dwarves." "It was your fight an hour past!" Theoden knew his tone was harsh, and belied the frustration and fear that threatened to consume, but he did not care. "It was our fight ere Aragorn became lost," Legolas corrected softly, and suddenly Theoden understood. Their loyalty was to Aragorn. It was by his side they fought - not Theoden's, not Rohan's. Should Aragorn by a miracle be found alive this fight would be renewed as the elf's and dwarf's also, but until that time, there was no bond. And while certainly the two would not hinder Rohan's efforts, neither was it their duty to see Rohan saved. "And what of Gandalf?" Theoden challenged. Surely they were loyal to the wizard, and even if Theoden doubted they would ever see him again, it was worth a try. "The wizard charged you to remain, until his return." "Mithrandir charged Aragorn," Legolas countered swiftly. "He is one of the Wise. He knows our paths would lead elsewhere should Aragorn be lost." The elf gave a stiff nod of his head to Theoden. "We beg your leave to depart now," he said, though Theoden knew perfectly well it was out of respect only he asked, not actual deference to Theoden's authority. The elf's eyes said what his mouth did not - do not think to command us here,