Prologue The swiftness with which they attacked was staggering. Legolas had no idea such an uprising was about to occur. The warning came, and then, moments later, the throne room was flooded with bloodthirsty rebels led by Aglar, the heartless, power-lusting exile banished from Mirkwood decades ago for unspeakable crimes against the throne. Legolas's brother Elaran, the High King of Mirkwood since Thranduil had departed for Valinour, had stolen Legolas aside in a tiny broom closet as the attack occurred. " They are searching for me, I cannot be long," he whispered urgently. He shoved Legolas's weapons into his brother's hands with a few maps and a sack of gold. " Get out of here, Legolas," he said. Legolas's eyes burned steely, determination set in them. " I'll not leave you," he said fiercely. "I'll fight with you, my brother, until the end." " Don't be a fool," Elaran hissed. "They will kill you if they find you. My life is already as good as gone…you are the last in our line, Father has no other sons! You must flee, Legolas. 'Tis our only hope for the future…" Dying screams of those loyal to Elaran sounded from outside. Legolas's brother looked sickened. " For the love of the Valar, Legolas, do as I say," he pleaded. "Leave. Flee. Save yourself…and our people, when the time comes." " Elaran, I—I cannot—" Legolas was horrified at the thought of leaving his only sibling to be murdered by the ruthless rebels. He could not bear the thought of wise, gentle Elaran being slaughtered by the would-be usurpers. Elaran could see that Legolas was not persuaded, but time was growing short. Every second of hesitation hastened Mirkwood's demise and lessened Legolas's chances of escape. Elaran set his jaw grimly. " All right, Legolas," he said softly. "I am sorry to do this. But as your king and commander in chief, I hereby order you to escape and save yourself. Do you understand? I am forcing you to obey me." Legolas's heart froze. He had to obey. Here Elaran was not his brother but his king, his superior, his liege, whom he was required to obey under every circumstance. " Elaran…" He swallowed, and hugged his brother tightly. Elaran embraced him back and for a moment all sounds of war faded away as the brothers held each other one last moment. Then Elaran withdrew, his face set grimly and determinedly. " When we withdraw, I shall cover for you, and you shall wait three seconds for my diversion to take place. You shall then go to the king's chambers and lock the doors to buy yourself time. Then use the balcony as a mantle for escape. Do you understand?" Legolas nodded soberly. " All right, then, here we go…now." And with that, Elaran leapt from the closet, loudly proclaiming his presence to the rebels in the hall. Legolas counted to three then leapt similarly, to the right, in the direction of the king's chambers. He reached the doors leading there and could not help twisting his head back to see what was going on. This was the last he ever saw of Elaran. His final view of his brother was of Elaran being cut down viciously and not even gloriously by the rebel leader but by a mere soldier, no one important. Elaran was overrun, and was putting up only a minor fight. He had willed himself to die, and was sacrificing himself for Legolas's escape. Not only that, but Legolas would be the only hope for the restoration of the kingdom. If he died, Mirkwood would be doomed to an eternity of terrible domination and oppression. Legolas blinked back tears as he saw Elaran's head snap to the side and his brother's body slump to the floor, dead. At that moment, Aglar himself rounded the corner and saw Legolas escaping. " Fly, little coward, fly!" he crowed, eyes glowing madly. He drew an arrow, then spat upon the face of Elaran just to spite Legolas, and sneered at Legolas's face, which was white with anger. " But it is useless," Aglar hissed, stalking towards him, bow pulled taut. "You will be vanquished, just as your brother was…" He pulled the string back and let the arrow fly—but Legolas had snatched a tiny dagger from his belt barely in time, and it found itself buried in Aglar's shoulder, throwing the elf's aim far off target. Legolas fled into the king's chambers. Behind him, he heard Aglar screaming furiously. " Seize him, fools! What are you waiting for?" Legolas slammed the oak doors to the king's chambers and locked them before ramming up against them all the heavy furniture from the room. He flew to the balcony, crouched and leapt straight up into the branches of an overhanging tree. He turned for one last glance into what had been his father and then his brother's chambers, before ascending as high into the trees as he could and fleeing the palace forever. -Chapter 1- Thirteen years had passed since that day. Legolas leaned on his spade and sighed. His eyes traced the perimeter of the field carefully, like he had done thousands of times before, searching out any sliver of movement that might mean danger. Except now in his hand he carried not a bow, but a crude wooden spade made for plowing the earth. The borders he surveyed were not his own, but those of a human who would pay him a meager amount for his work at the end of the day. The only danger he would encounter in the surrounding woods or anywhere local for that matter was a knife-wielding drunkard, easily avoidable, or occasional thief – and this generally a bored youth whose discontent with his lot in life was generally cured by a day in the stocks and a firm whipping upon the buttocks. No longer did he hunt and kill orcs and goblins regularly, or need to fear the devious spiders which made their homes in the trees. No longer was he known as Legolas, Crown Prince of Mirkwood, and deadliest archer in all of Middle Earth. Instead, he was called in his own homeland as the Lost Prince – and this by the secret loyal, whose fealty to the true royal line was forever a deadly secret stored in their hearts. To the usurpers and traitors, and to those whose hearts lay truly with the rightful heir but whose cowardice or perhaps fear for their families held them fast to obedience to their new masters, he was known as the Despised One, the coward, he who ran like a maid instead of fighting—and dying—after the death of his brother. And to those who knew him now, and had known him for the past decade, he was known as Peregrinus, a name which he had derived from man's language as meaning "stranger", which he certainly was here. Nearly all the men considered this name presumptuous and an overstress of their vocal chords for something as simple as a name, and therefore referred to Legolas merely as "Perry". If they remembered the true name he offered them it would be a wonder, a true miracle at that. It was to this name Legolas had become sadly accustomed to responding, and his ears perked up slightly at the sound of a coarse human voice yelling it just now several times in succession. "Perry!" Legolas was certain the human must have called him at least four times by now. He remained fixed in thought, or at least offered the pretense of such, in hopes that he might be able to provoke several more summoning before the frustrated human stormed over to demand an answer to the other worker's apparent deafness. It was low enough humor indeed, the elf reflected darkly, and shameful that he had been reduced to finding entertainment in such truly petty situations. A rough clap on the side of the head which Legolas had anticipated easily several seconds before actual impact caused him to decide to finally pay his attentions to the one so desperately seeking it. Tomas, a middle aged man of stocky build and scraggly beard much like the vast majority of men around here, stood beside him, an irritated look in his eye and a flask of something foul-smelling in his hand. "It's eatin' time," he informed the elf, holding up the flask. "Conner's wife roasted one too many chickens last night an' he brought it over here to share before it goes bad." Legolas merely nodded, seeing this bit of information as hardly provocation for response. Tomas sighed deeply. "Do you want to eat with us?" he ground out. Legolas knew it was cruel to tease the human so, but the elf himself never claimed to be a saint nor overly virtuous, and his present moody temperament had no problem with his cat and mouse games. "No, thank you," Legolas declined politely. "I had a hearty breakfast indeed, and a stomach too full makes a man lazier than a cat in the sunshine." He laughed inwardly at what his brother might say to hear him using such language, but his stomach immediately clenched tightly at the thought of his brother, and the humor in the situation vanished as if it had never existed. "At least rest," persisted Tomas. "You get out here before any of the rest of us, and we get here before the sun. You never take any water breaks and you never even stop for a breather." "Fewer hours yield fewer coins at the end of the day," Legolas returned lightly. Even though he had very little need for his earnings, as he had a quantity of wealth hidden in his home, no one else in the village had such wealth and it was entirely expected that a man earned as much as he possibly could. Tomas scowled; Legolas had completely avoided any of his accusations and moreover was making the rest of the men looks like lazy fools. Legolas knew he shouldn't have responded like that; after ten years here he was almost completely invisible and he should not be risking exposure now. In order to avoid being labeled as unusual, he took breaks when he didn't need to, ate more often than he felt hunger, and complained needlessly when he truly felt no fatigue. Lately though something had taken hold of him, a deep desire to return to his roots, to his true identity, and he had started forgetting to behave like a human and had started to behave naturally like an elf. Too late now for recovery though; Legolas smiled at Tomas and returned to his work. This was something else suspicious about Legolas; he had not physically aged a single day in the entire ten years he had been there, while the rest of the town was well on its way to growing older. The young girls he had met upon his initial arrival were becoming engaged, married and mothers one by one. The young men apprenticing in their father's shops were now working more than their seniors, and many of them supporting a wife and multiple children. Many of the elderly citizens of the village had passed on, and many of the young, vibrant men and women of middle age were now becoming the elders themselves, with pains in their joints and slowed reflexes and abilities. Legolas, however, had looked the human equivalent of early twenties upon his arrival, and to that very day no change whatsoever could be marked upon his face or body. He had tried to cause his face to age, and tried to seem slower in form, but it could not be done. The best he could do was attribute it to excellent genes, and assure those suspicious that his parents had been blessed equally. In his years there had also been forced to endure the solicitations of many a maid, whose affections for the