*Authors Note* Due to the overwhelming response from my Effie one shot, I decided to fast track some of my Hunger Games plans and I decided to start with character profiles of the tributes in the 74th Hunger Games. I hope you enjoy this story, it will be a series going through all of the tributes who were in the arena, even if they were unnamed. So by the end, there should be 22 stories. I'm not going to do Peeta and Katniss, we know their story. I may do Peeta alone, but I'm focusing on the others first. I'm starting off with Glimmer from District 1. Enjoy and leave a review telling me what you think. I will have Marvel posted probably on Wednesday when I am done with final. I need to tackle my other stories as well. Thanks for reading! District 1: Glimmer My life was simple before my name was called. I was considered pretty and I was popular in school. I had a boyfriend. His name was Charmer. He was a fantastic boyfriend. He was tall, had dark brown hair that was curly and fun to play with. He had an infectious smile that contained perfectly straight, white teeth. His eyes were mocha and warm like a cup of hot chocolate. We had been dating for a long time, and if we made it to be 18, then we probably would have gotten married and had children together. He was training to be a jeweler and was perfecting his skills with cutting diamonds. It was going to be a lucrative job for him. I was also training to work with jewels, though more along the lines of inspected them and looking for flaws. Yet I was also being trained to be a killer. It had been discovered years ago that I was agile and quick and I had the mind of a warrior, so I was put into the special classes in school that would train me to be a tribute and to ultimately become a victor. I excelled in my classes and so it was decided that I was going to be the tribute for the 74th Hunger Games. Even if I had to volunteer for it, I was to be the female tribute. Truth be told, I was terrified of being the tribute, because even though I was good, I still could die in the arena. And I didn't want to die because my ancestors rebelled against the capitol. The night before the reaping, when I was going to volunteer, I sought out Charmer. We both snuck out of our houses and met up together in private by a lake that was just outside of town. Since we were a district that was favored by the capitol, we didn't have strict fence security. We just had to scan our IDs to get out of the city and we just had to make sure that we scanned them again upon returning to the city. It wasn't unexpected for Charmer and I to leave the district that night. In fact I think some of the older people had bets on whether or not we would leave the district to go to the lake. When we got to the lake, Charmer immediately pushed me against a tree and started to kiss me. He knew what I wanted that night and he intended to give me what I wanted. I wrapped my arms around his neck and hitched my leg up on his hip. Charmer's arms snaked around my body and pulled me up onto his hips so that I was off the ground and completely supported by Charmer. My fingers got tangled in his hair as I pulled him as close as he could get to my body. I felt feverish and desperate. I wanted to make sure that Charmer knew how I felt about him. And so I did. One of my hands untangled itself from his hair and slid down the front of his shirt to the hem, where I started to pull off his shirt. He helped me and soon he was bare chested in front of me. I continued to kiss him while running my fingers up and down his abs, tracing them. Charmer pulled me away from the tree then and laid me down on the soft grass. He proceeded to undress me then himself. He maintained eye contact with me the entire time as he entered me; noticing all my grimaces in discomfort to all my expressions of pleasure. We finished together in a glorious way. Charmer held me as we continued to lie on the grass after we had finished. We were looking up at the stars that were visible through the gaps in the mountains. Charmer was placing soft kisses on the top of my head as I listened to his heartbeat while lying on his chest. "Glimmer," he whispered to me, pulling me out of my day dream where I didn't have to go into the games tomorrow. I looked up at him, "Yes?" He sat up and pulled his pants over to him and pulled out a small box. I gasped. "When you make it out of the games, I want to make you my wife. This here is a ring to show the world that you are to be mine," he said as he opened the box to reveal a beautiful diamond engagement ring that was accented by rubies, "I only hope that you will accept this ring and take it into the games as your token. Would you do me the honor of agreeing to be my wife?" I couldn't help myself, I started to cry while nodding my head yes. Charmer smiled as he slipped the ring onto my outstretched hand, which he then kissed once it had been placed properly. I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him into a hug. I started to kiss the side of his face, making my way over to his lips. We wound up making love two more times under the stars, fully enjoying ourselves and each other. I was determined to win the games after that so I could make it back to Charmer and have my wedding in peace as a victor. The next day was horrid. The escort reached into the bowl and called my name. Nobody volunteered for me since I was to be the tribute no matter what. Everything had been decided in advance. I bit back the angry, bitter tears as the boy tribute was called and a different boy named Marvel volunteered in his place. I had met Marvel a few times, I didn't care for him much, he seemed rather pathetic, but he was to be my partner and to be my ally. We shook hands and were whisked off to say goodbye to our loved ones. My parents and little brother came and said goodbye to me first. Then my beloved fiancé Charmer said goodbye to me with a deep and passionate kiss. He told me to take mercy on no one and to come back to him as quickly as possible. I promised him that I would. A few of my friends then came and told me to kick ass. They all admired the ring that Charmer had given me and jokingly said that they hoped that I would be home in time for the wedding. I gave them all forced smiles and laughed along with them. Finally, I was loaded onto the train with Marvel. Marvel was annoying and cocky. He bothered me whenever I was forced to spend time with him in the district, which was exceedingly rare. It was worse now that we were tributes together. Our mentors started to give us advice right then and there on what to do and how to survive. I soaked it all in, determined to get back home as quickly as possible. We arrived at the capitol rather quickly since our district was so close which meant that we got to spend more time with our stylists than the rest of the tributes did. My stylist immediately decided that I needed to be portrayed as a sexy tribute who would bring death to those who opposed me in a beautiful manner. I went with it because I needed someone to help me get home and if being a sex icon would bring me back to Charmer quicker, then I would do it and I would do it well. The tribute parade, I was spray-painted silver and a tunic was placed on my body to cover up my private parts. Marvel was dressed similarly. Even though he and I were about to become allies, I hadn't warmed up to him at all. He was just proving himself to be a bigger ass than I had suspected him to be. The parade was wonderful, there were many people cheering and waving at us. I looked at ourselves on the big screen and I hoped that my outfit would be enough to get us sponsors. Then the scene changed and I was shown the two tributes from District 12 on fire. They were completely calm about it which meant that it was intentional for them to be on fire. I didn't allow my being upset to show on my face. But I was upset because if they looked better than I did, then that meant that they would get more sponsors and I needed sponsors badly so I get could get home. Training was next. I worked on trying to better my skills with knives, but I found myself playing freaking politics alongside Marvel who was so convinced that he was going to do well, that he didn't bother with training and instead drug me around to play politics with some of the other tributes. It was as if the little shit thought that he owned me. I so badly wanted to kill him right then and there because he was such an asshole! The District 12 tributes didn't seem that exceptional so my worries were put to rest. Finally, the day of the private session came and I was the second one to go. I threw some knives at targets, hitting the center most of the time and I messed around with the bow, also hitting the targets most of the time. If I had actually been able to practice, I might have gotten better than a 9, but because Marvel kept dragging me around to hang out with Clove and Cato so that we could have a solid alliance, I wasn't able to practice. When the girl from District 12 got an 11, I was shocked and upset. That meant that she might get more sponsors than I would get. I decided that I would just have to charm everyone during the interview. With Caeser, everything seems easy and simple. It doesn't seem stressful and strenuous, and he puts a person at ease. Thankfully, he put me at ease and we worked well together. Since I was the first person to be interviewed, I was pretty confident that people would remember me. I was mistaken. The last interview done by the boy from District 12, he revealed that he was in love with the girl! And that he had been in love with her since he was 5 years old! I didn't give a shit if it was real or not, but it sure as hell made that girl on fire a lot more desirable than I was which means that she would get more sponsors! I was pissed. I needed those sponsors to get home. That night my stylist took my ring for approval as my token. She told me that I would get it back before I went into the arena the next day. I had a fitful sleep that night, my mind plagued with all the things that could possibly go wrong