The Night of Sorrow Who may it be that grieves her heart? On her face one sees only the wet traces of tears. - Poems 'The Night of Sorrow' by Li Bai, translated by Shigeyoshi Obata Cho tied her hair back with a blue rubber band. She spread out her cream-colored apron, which had been neatly folded, and put it on. She washed her hands and dried them. And then she set up the coffee maker, allowing a single coffee cup of boiled water to be dispensed at any time for brewing. She could use magic to do it, but she didn't carry her wand with her. She was determined to say good-bye to the magical world. She leant against the counter. From that spot, she had a good view of the courtyard of the university. The weather was nice, and the clear blue sky could be seen from the open front door. Water was spraying from a fountain and a few students were sitting in their favorite spots on its marble rim. The inside of the shop became saturated with the aroma of coffee. The first customer, an old man, entered and approached Cho. He took off his flat cap and ordered weak coffee. From his serene manner, Cho guessed that he might be a professor. She remembered her tiny professor, Flitwick. He used to praise her at least once in a day. She was one of his favorite students. He used to call her "Lady Luck", saying she would bring victory to Ravenclaw's Quidditch team. Thinking of Quidditch brought back bitter sweet memories. Two talented wizards; one was killed and the other survived. Both of them were infatuated with her once. She loved both of them, too. One sweet memory in Cho's fourth year couldn't be forgotten easily. It was when she recognized the golden boy. He was a lean third year, but once he mounted his Firebolt, he turned into a bullet. His agility and braveness in doing a bold dive ignited something in her heart. She felt a kind of connection. Though her team lost against Gryffindor, she couldn't forget him. After that day, when she sat at the long table in the Great Hall for breakfast, she used to follow him with her eyes towards the Gryffindor table- until she was noticed by Cedric Diggory, who sent an owl to her. Cedric wrote that he was happy to see her injury was healed and she could play again on the pitch, and told her how he had been watching her from afar. He had had crush on her for so long. When she had her first date with Cedric, she was mesmerized by his gentleness. He would wait every morning at the entrance of the Great Hall to escort her to class. It was heavenly; she was filled with happiness knowing that she was loved by the most popular and handsome Hufflepuff. One morning, as they were walking hand in hand to Cho's next class, she asked him, "For the next Quidditch season, what's your tactics for playing the Gryffindor team? I mean, against Harry Potter… " She was excited just remembering Harry's sharp reflexes. Cedric's mood instantly changed. He had been calmly listening to her chat, but now he didn't hide his rivalry, "You know I beat him last year." Cho could see the blood rush into his face and felt happy to know he felt in the same way as her. The Gryffindor Seeker had something which ignited fire in every player. "It was lucky that I won. It was really only because of the Dementors," Cedric said with a small sigh. "To my disappointment, there'll be no Quidditch next year. Professor Sprout informed us Prefects that there'll be a big event on instead." "What event?" Cho was disappointed to learn she wouldn't be able to play against Harry. "I can't tell you yet. Dumbledore will inform everyone in the next semester." All the prefects were excited, and they had been talking about entering the Triwizard Tournament. Cho could remember the moment when Cedric was selected as a Hogwarts champion by the goblet and the excited cries from the other students. But she had to hide her true feeling towards Harry at the same time. She got more excited than any girls at Harry's dramatic success in the first task, when he captured the golden Dragon egg, reminding her of his excellent Seeking skills. And she felt disgusting thinking all the unfortunate incidents were caused by the Dark Lord. After she had lost Cedric, all what she could do was to believe Harry. She should have. Here again, the wound ached deep in her heart. She suffered twinges of guilt whenever she thought of it. How many nights had she cried? Harry's clear green eyes pierced her conscience every night after the incident in the Room of Requirement. She loved him. She still loved him and she couldn't help fighting for him in her own way. She should've told him her real feelings even after he dismissed her. She desperately studied hard for her N.W.E.T.s to conquer her complicated feeling towards him. Even if her devotion wouldn't reach him, she couldn't stop loving him. She wanted to prove her worth to him by getting a license to be a Healer. Cruel words from her friends became a hindrance even after the war. She knew they were envious. They felt jealous of her Quidditch skills, her wit and her beauty. She had never been conceited about her looks. She happened to be gifted with beauty by her parents. Only Marietta Edgecombe understood her and became a close friend. She had been delighted when Cho became Cedric's girlfriend. When Marietta told Cho that Umbridge had threatened her mother with dismissal, she couldn't stop her treachery. She couldn't believe her eyes when her true friend had the ugly pustules, "SNEAK" on the face. She couldn't believe that Hermione Granger really used the jinx on her friend. And she believed Marietta deserved forgiveness. She even begged Harry to give her a second chance. The consequence was their complete break up after a quarrel. At that time she was more loyal to her Ravenclaw friend than Harry, which she would regret. After the war, she avoided Marietta. She was groping about in the dark, trying to get Harry's trust back even though she knew it was too late. If the war hadn't occurred, she might have had a chance to try out for the professional Quidditch League. But the chaos after the war prevented the British League from recruiting new players for months. Instead, she continued her Healer training. The biggest reason that urged her to take care of patients than selecting the other careers was that she wanted to do something to amend her conduct in the past. She should've chosen justice over friendship. Harry wanted her to, but she couldn't. She shielded her friend from accusations by members of Dumbledore Army. She didn't regret what she did for her friend but she had suffered for it when Harry despised her. She sensed then that he would leave her forever. It was easy to see they had different values. She knew keenly and painfully that he had found someone to love forever. The connection between Ginny and Harry couldn't be severed. They were really a good couple. There was no room for her to get in between them. Still, she didn't hesitate to go back to Hogwarts to fight against the Death Eaters for Harry and her friends. After the battle, she continued her Healer's training and got her license. She had a few chances to convey her secret feelings to Harry; he became an Auror and was regularly admitted to 's after dangerous missions. Every time she found out he was being brought in, she volunteered the night shift. Her colleague, Parvati Patil, sensed what was going on and she indicated that it could cause a trouble with Ginny. Cho didn't mind. She dreamed that a miracle would happen between them. In a private room that contained a neatly made bed, he was sleeping. The cream-colored walls gleamed white in the moonlight. She loved the quietness of the night at St. Mungo's. Everything was silent except Harry's quiet snoring. She could see the old scar on his forehead through a fringe of jet-black hair. Tonight he was hers. They were alone in the room. Even though she knew he wouldn't awake from his slumber, it didn't matter. She wondered what dream he was having. Was she in the dream? She smiled wryly at the thought. He would never dream of her. If he was having a dream now, Ginevra Weasley would be part of it. She shook off the image of Ginny and pulled the soft duvet up to cover his shoulders. And then she spoke to the sleeping man, "Now Harry, I'll change your bandage," she said, pulling the duvet up around his knees. Knowing he would not wake until the Sleeping Draught wore off, she kept talking while she was removing it from his left leg. "You must have acted impulsively again, Harry. How many times have I changed your bandages? I still remember when you were carried to the Hospital Wing after that disastrous Quiddich accident." Examining the nasty injury, she cast a cleaning charm. Carefully, she poured three drops of dittany on the wound. She watched, relieved, as the cure-all potion was absorbed in the skin and it scabbed over. "There, now all you need is to rest." She covered his legs with the duvet again. She didn't have to watch him all through the night, but she remained in the room anyway. She wanted to stay with him as long as she could, although she was expecting another patient, an old witch whose left arm splinched when she tried to Apparate, to call Cho to give her another drip of painkiller potion. Then she was surprised by an unexpected voice. "Thank you." Harry said, his voice rough. "Did I forget to give you a Sleeping Draught?" Cho's stared at him, her eyes wide. Harry blinked several times. "No, I don't think so. Maybe I'm resistant to sleeping potions after my Auror training." "You can drink a lot, can't you?" Cho felt her heart beat speed up over this unexpected midnight conversation. He kept staring at the ceiling. "Hmm, I may have high alcohol tolerance." Then he chuckled, "I remember Seamus kept drinking after Ron dripped Sleeping Draught in his glass. Ron hated doing pub crawls with him." Though she had already taken his pulse on the wrist, she said, "Harry, may I check your pulse?" "Yeah, go ahead." He tried to hold his left arm out of duvet. "No, it's okay. Stay still. I'll feel your neck." She sat down on a stool beside the bed. She touched her fingers on the warm skin of his neck saying, "Sorry, my fingers may be cold." When she touched her hand, he blinked his green eyes twice and kept staring at the ceiling. "I'm sorry. I should've cast warming charm on my fingers." "No, you don't have to say sorry." His beautiful eyes tried to focus on hers. "Where are my glasses?" "On the side table. But I thought you don't need them anymore? You take a clear vision potion, don't you?" "Yeah. But the glasses have a special function for investigation. I thought I've lost them during my mission." "You were wearing them when you were brought in. The other Healer removed them before the surgery." "How long did the surgery take?" "An hour. Nicolas told me you broke your own record." Harry chuckled again, and Cho smiled widely. She like his laugh. It was like they were back in the front of the owlery at Hogwarts, when she was in fifth year and he was in fourth; they'd arranged their first date there, back before she'd made mistakes. She hadn't been