Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight novels or The Gamer webcomic. Chapter 1: Awaken XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX You wake up in a hospital bed. A rhythmic beeping comes from your right. A glance shows a heart monitor, hooked up to your chest. You sit up from your rather comfortable bed and take a look around the room. Medical machines surround your bed, many of which are attached to you in some way or form. Flowers, cards, and assorted balloons are placed around your bed and on the tray across from you. Curious, you reach for the closest one. It has a picture of a cat in a hospital gown. I was very sorry to hear about your hospital stay. You flip it over. A picture of the cat's butt. Hope your insurance covers you better than your gown. You smile. Cute. Your eyes scan down towards the rather scrawling hand writing at the bottom. You can barely make out what it says. Please get well soon Bells. I miss you so much. -Dad Bells? Who's "Bells"? Why would anyone name their kid that? And who would put someone else's card into your hospital room? Wait- why are you in the hospital? Did you get hurt? Was there something wrong with you? You don't feel anything wrong. In fact, you actually feel pretty go- Your stats have been increased by a special act! For being in a coma for over three months straight, you receive +200 to your Health and +100 to your Mana reserves! "What the fu-" Your experience has been increased by a special act! For completing the quest [Wake Up Sleeping Beauty] you receive +500 XP! You jerk backwards as the glowing, blue, rectangular screen gets right up in your face. "Son of a-" Your level has increased by one! Please check your stats in order to relocate your new stat points as well as your starting ones! What the fuck is going on?! You start to panic. A wave of sudden calm washes your panic away. You become irritated instead. You're in a hospital goddamnit. You may not know why you're in the hospital, but you're sure that you don't need to be bothered with this shit. For all you know, you could be having brain surgery or a tumor removed or something. Granted, it probably doesn't take three months and a coma to fulfill, but you don't know that. And you do definitely do not need blue screens popping up all willy nilly. You press your finger onto the "X" on the upper right corner of one of the blue screens. It disappears. You stare for a moment, before promptly pressing the exit buttons on the other two screens. Now that your personal bubble has not been breached, you can finally voice your confusion. "The fuck was that?" You briefly wonder if you received some sort of brain damage. It would explain why you're in the hospital, seeing blue holographic screens pop up out of nowhere, talking about stat points and XP… Wait, weren't XP and stat points role playing game systems? Like, the more experience points you gained, the more skills you could unlock, and the higher levels you could raise your character. You wonder why you know about this. You don't recall having played RPGs at any point in time. Or at all really. In fact, you can't recall much of anything. Like how you ended up in a hospital, who this "Bells" is, and why strangers are sending his/her cards to your room. You have no idea what's going on. A frightening situation and yet you don't feel frightened at all. You actually feel strangely calm. Must be the painkillers. You shrug and decide to indulge in your hallucinations. " Stats ." A blue screen appears inches from your face. You jerk back in annoyance. Name: Isabella Swan Class: The Gamer Level: 3 Alignment: Chaotic Good Species: Human XP: 1500/3000 Health: 300/300 Mana: 150/150 Stat Points: 90 Strength: [ ] Constitution: [ ] Dexterity: [ ] Intelligence: [ ] Charisma: [ ] Wisdom: [ ] Luck: [ ] "Huh." It suddenly occurs to you that you have a name. A rather girly name, further indicating that you are a girl. You find it oddly disconcerting to realize that you didn't even know your name or gender before now. Now that you think about it, you don't even know your dad's name, even though he got you such a funny card. You don't know your mother's name either. Or where you live. Or how old you are. Fuck , you don't even know what you look like! You pull down the covers and glance down at yourself. Geez, the kitty card was right. This hospital gown really doesn't leave much to the imagination. And wow, are you pale . Like really, really pale. Vampire pale. You cup one of your boobs. They feel rather unfamiliar. Then again, everything feels unfamiliar. A sudden breeze through the open window on your left makes you pull the covers back up. One of the cards falls from its perch on the side table and lands on your lap. You pick it up and glance at it. It's the same kitten card that your Dad apparently gave you. Guess "Bells" was a nickname. Go figure. You would have preferred something cooler like "Izzy" or "Abel" though. Bells just sounds too… girlish. You glance down at your chest, and prod one of your boobs with a finger. Though considering you are a girl… ...wait. Are you? You quickly shove your hand down the covers. You sigh in relief once you feel your squishy bits and nothing else. Thank god. You weren't a she-male. That would have been the icing on the shit cake. You bring your attention back to the blue screen hovering near your face. It seemed too real to be a hallucination. It occurs to you that this might not be a hallucination. That what you do now might actually affect you in some way. Then again, it could also be a form of psychosis, a way to help you cope with having spent three months in a coma. You shrug. "Only one way to find out, I guess." You take your time allocating your stat points in order to get your mind off of the fact that you don't even know who the fuck you are, what the hell is going on, or if you have gone completely batshit crazy. Name: Isabella Swan Class: The Gamer Level: 3 Alignment: Chaotic Good Species: Human XP: 1500/3000 Health: 300/300 Mana: 150/150 Stat Points: 0 Strength: 13 Constitution: 13 Dexterity: 13 Intelligence: 13 Charisma: 12 Wisdom: 13 Luck: 13 Good enough, you guess. The second you close the screen, you feel a shiver run through your body. Suddenly everything seems clearer. You feel stronger, much more rejuvenated than before. Information seems to run through your brain and your senses strengthen. You become more aware of our surroundings; the fact that the window is slightly open, the squeaking wheels of someone pushing a tray behind your door, the fact that a fly is going to land right on your face- CLAP. Or at least it was , until you squished it with your awesome new reflexes. And your bare hands. "This is so cool!" Thousands of questions come to mind. What was happening? Why you and not someone else? Why an RPG? Why can't you remember anything? Was it because you were in an RPG? And most importantly... What else could you do? You stare at the empty space in front of you and decide to test something out. " [Skills] ." A blue screen promptly appears. Skills [Gamer's Mind]: Allows the Gamer to calmly and logically think things through during stressful and everyday situations. Gives the Gamer a peaceful state of mind. Granted an immunity to physiological and mental attacks or effects. (Current [Gamer's Mind] level: MAX) [Gamer's Body]: Grants the user a body that allows them to live their life like a game. Sleeping and eating restores health, mana, and other mass effects. (Current [Gamer's Body] level: MAX) Only two skills? Fuck! Though, both of these skills do seem pretty overpowered now that you think about it. Being able to think calmly and logically in any situation? You are pretty sure you can make a living as a 911 operator with this skill alone. Immunity to physiological and mental attacks sounds pretty ominous though. Does that mean you'll come across people who can read minds? God you hope not. You don't like the idea of some stranger rifling around in your thoughts. Then again, you wouldn't have to worry about that, since you have [Gamer's Mind] . And a [Gamer's Body] explains why you got that sudden increase in Health and Mana for being in a coma. Who knew "sleeping" for three months could have its perks? There are a few things you still don't get though. What does it mean, "live their life like a game"? Does that mean you're like a video game character? Is everything else like a video game too, even the people? What happens when you get hurt? Do you bleed or what? As an experiment, you hit your arm on the metal side of your bed. You hit your hand on a hard surface! -2 Health! You didn't feel a thing. You hit your hand harder against the cold metal. You hit your hand on a hard surface! -5 Health! Nothing. You frown. You find it somewhat unnerving that you can't feel pain. You may not remember who you are, but you do remember that pain is a necessary body function, and that not being able to feel pain could have some severe consequences later on in life. You put your hand to your face in thought and immediately grimace and pull back, staring at your hand in disgust. There's still bug guts on it. Gross. Through repeated action, a new skill has been created! You jerk back from the blue screen and end up banging your head on the headboard. You hit your head on a hard surface! -10 Health! The string of curses that came out of your mouth would have made a sailor blush. The skill [Observe] has been created! You raise an eyebrow. "What does [Observe] do?" The first screen disappeared and was replaced with a new one. [Observe]: Through continuous observation of the people and things around you, you have received a skill that allows you to quickly gather information about the people, objects, and situations you meet throughout your life. The higher the level of [Observe], the more information you can obtain about the people, things, and situations around you. (Current [Observe] level: 1) You immediately decide to try out your new powers on the first thing you see. " [Observe] ." That first thing turns out to be the nurse that manages to walk through the door just as the screen closes. Name: Jenny Palmer Class: The Caretaker Level: 7 A nurse that works at St. Luke's Medical Center. Not that much information. Then again, it is still a level one skill. At least you got her name. You see the nurse's - Jenny apparently - eyes widen. She calls out to the open hallway. "Doctor! She's awake!" She walks towards you and starts messing with the tubes and wires connected to your body. She gently pushes you down onto the bed when you start to sit up. "Honey, my name is Jenny Palmer. I'm a nurse. Do you know where you are?" "Uh yeah." You glance at the screen. "I'm at St. Luke's Medical Center, right?" "Well, yes. You are." The nurse starts messing with the heart monitor, unsticking some of the sticker pads from your stomach. "Do you know your name hon?" "Isabella Swan." You pause. "Call me Izzy, or Abel." The nurse gives you a look that's a mixture of relief and confusion. "Okay, uh,