Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary: Isabella Swan is about to make a scientific discovery of the Dr. Cullen kind. A/N All Nicffwhisperer and CarrieZM fault, but I had to enter their contest Control. Possess. Seduce. for one last O/S. Thank you to D JS White for all of her advise and beta skills. I heart you! This is for EdwardsFirstKiss and Tinsley Warren for always being there. I truly appreciate all of the time that you have invested in my stories and in me. I love you both and this is just a little token of my appreciation. I didn't enter this contest to win anything, but thank you for voting! This received the Most Controlling Edward Award. . Scientific Demands "Did I bore you?" I turned around as piercing green eyes narrowed through thin-rimmed glasses. It was as if he was scolding me. I had to stifle a gasp. He was even more handsome close up. "I'm not sure if you meant me..." "You yawned during my presentation of the Samia Factor, young lady," he scolded. I was thrown off by his tone. "You must be mistaken—" "I'm not." He held my eyes in a tight glare. I offered up, "My apologies, Sir. I've been running on very little sleep." "Not acceptable," he expressed with distaste. That was when I realized I had entertained this man and his attitude long enough. "I don't know who you think you are, talking to me like that!" He narrowed his eyes again as he fingered his collar. "Watch your tone." "Are you fucking kidding me?" escaped my mouth involuntarily. He sucked in a breath, then hissed out, "Mind that dirty little mouth before I stuff it shut." I gawked. Turning red, I was sure, from his audacity and the fact I was a smidge turned on. "Who the hell—" "Bella!" Rosalie barked from behind me, sliding in between the two of us. "Dr. Cullen, your presentation this morning was inspirational." "Glad you thought so, Ms. Hale. It seems that I might have been a bore?" He peered toward me. The handsomely tall, sandyblond-haired jackass thought he was a comedian. "Nonsense," Rosalie fawned. "It is a true honor to have you join us. And your assistant stated that you had to fly in from Africa? You truly are an inspiration to the scientific world. The committee and I were thrilled you accepted our invitation. I know your time is limited." "Yes, it most certainly is," he stated blankly. Rosalie's mouth dropped, at a loss for words. After a few moments, she collected herself, then turned toward me and spoke. "You have met my intern, Sir? Isabella Swan. She has helped in organizing the conference this summer. Isabella, this is Dr. Edward Cullen." She stressed Cullen. I knew who he was without her hints. One of the most admired scientists of our day. He was known as the "young, nerdy genius." Though, he wasn't that young now, and didn't look at all nerdy. Perhaps a fuck-hot nerd who found a stylist along the way—and yes, extremely intelligent, but obviously not a nerd. A pompous ass, maybe. I didn't bother to extend my hand after Rosalie's introductions. Dr. Cullen seemed as though he was over the fact I had "yawned" during his presentation. I hadn't realized it was him until the announcer thanked him for speaking. He also went on and on over his credentials. Dr. Cullen was the keynote speaker, and he would be offering up his expertise during a future question and answer session panel. I had folded programs until 3:00 a.m. last night, and had to be up to greet and direct attendees for the 6:00 a.m. breakfast sitting. That was why I had been dozing off in Dr. Cullen's session. For the past three months, I'd barely had time for anything social while preparing for this conference, thanks to Rosalie. She was the Chair of the Scientific and Medical Advisory, and volunteered my services to assist with each session. I had been preparing and working registration, and then had to sit in these boring sessions. This was supposed to be an internship where I learned medical administration. So far, the summer of my senior year was uneventful. I had become Rosalie Hale's slave while her assistant was out on maternity leave. Needing a breather, I excused myself to grab a coffee and quickly prepared for the afternoon sessions. % The second day of the conference was going well. There were no major fires to put out—yet. So, I took the time, while I sat in the back of the panel session, to check my emails. Now that summer was over, I had to finalize my class registration. I also needed to RSVP for a few upcoming parties. As I scrolled through my Inbox, a text suddenly appeared on my screen. 'Boring you again?' I was thrown off by the unrecognizable number, yet after a moment of thought, I assumed who it had to be: Dr. Cullen. However, he was sitting on stage with the panel answering questions. And he didn't have my personal cell number. How could he? I decided to ignore the text and continued on with my task—until another one materialized. 'Stop biting your lip!' My eyes immediately glanced up, only to see Dr. Cullen was still talking; animatedly, in fact. I looked around curiously to find my stalker, and came up empty. It had to be a joke, I thought. Maybe Angela or Jessica. Angela was an intern with me, and Jessica had landed a position a few years ago. We'd been lacking in sleep while working the conference and this had to be one of them playing a prank on me, to keep me on my toes and mock Rosalie. More so Jessica to do something like this... What the hell. I'd play along and respond back. 'What I do with my lip is my business!' I waited, and no response. Scanning the room, I tried to locate one of them, but fell short. I continued to look over my emails until another text popped up. 'Correction. What I do with those lips is my business.' My eyes flicked back up, unbeknown to me, and straight to Dr. Cullen's. He was still speaking, yet there was something in his eyes—a silent, intense communication. He stared directly at me as he answered the next question. He didn't skip a beat, and I didn't see a phone in his hand until his fingers swiftly typed in front of him on the podium. I felt the vibration indicating a new text. 'I now have your attention?' I crossed my legs and pondered what exactly was happening. Was he flirting with me? Why did I think it was him? Did I want it to be him? And how could I be certain? I peeked up through my lashes, and Dr. Cullen was definitely sizing me up. I responded back. 'Correction. I seem to have your attention.' As Dr. Cullen spoke, he glanced down at his cell, then finally locked eyes with mine as he continued on with business as usual. Two could play this game, Dr. Cullen, I reflected, and was pleased with myself as I formulated a plan. I uncrossed my legs, spreading them slightly apart, then sat back comfortably, and continued to peruse my emails. Then: 'Open those legs wider.' My heart bounced against my chest, and my eyes locked back to his. He looked serious. Who the hell did he think he was again? I thought, as my thighs rubbed together involuntarily. 'Now, Isabella.' Like magic, my legs spread open. 'Good girl.' I paused. Was I really doing this? Obviously, yes, because I opened my legs as wide as my skirt would stretch. Hoping that no one looked behind them to see me spread-eagle, for a total stranger, without any shame. 'You look good enough to taste.' My nipples hardened as I continued to stare at Dr. Cullen. Someone asked him a question to my left, and everyone began to turn and face the questioner. I instantly closed my legs until I felt the familiar vibration. 'Keep them open!' He wasn't even looking in my direction. 'Until I tell you to close them.' I quickly surveyed the room, and everyone was mesmerized by Dr. Cullen's explanation of some formula. I opened my legs back up and sat, embarrassed. I couldn't believe I was allowing this to happen, that I was following his instructions. Yet, I had to admit, I was aroused. All the time I was thinking this couldn't be happening to me, he was paying me no attention, but another text arrived. 'I want you wet and dripping for me.' He didn't have to worry about that, I was a waterfall. A tired, delusional, pool of uncontrollable substance that he found a way to mold. It had to be the lack of sleep—or maybe the fact Dr. Cullen looked like a Greek God—that made me susceptible. The man looked better than he did the first time I saw him. He had on tinted glasses that made his green eyes more vibrant. A cool patterned bowtie that only he could pull off, with a European-like gray suit. The man was walking sex, and by his demeanor, he knew that. With every second that flew by, my body became more aroused. The coolness of the air chilled my exposed wetness as my nipples expanded fuller. There was a moment when he said nothing, just stared; watching me as if to make sure I was doing as I was told. My fingers glided along my neck as perspiration began to saturate my blouse. Any more of this and my white blouse would expose my secret. Then my phone vibrated. 'I can't wait to feel that pussy tighten around my cock.' Too late, I was now a very wet, overheated, pile of goo. My ass pushed down against the seat as I tried to find some friction between my pulsating thighs. 'I can see your wetness from here.' The man was igniting a thermal engine. 'And it's making me hard.' I blew out a breath, and responded, 'The chair is soaking wet.' Then I waited for a response. When the text came through seconds later, I read it with excited anticipation. 'My mouth will clean up that needy pussy shortly.' I went limp. My eyes stayed on the screen, reading mouth and pussy over and over again. This was insane! He was insane! And sexy! I wanted to jump up and fuck him right where he sat. That…smirk, which was splayed across his face, was confident and arrogant. Even so, all I could think about was seeing it close up as he fucked the hell out of me. My cell going off brought my thoughts back to my current environment. 'Close them. Now!' I immediately did, and then realized the panel discussion was over. I stood, along with everyone else, as we gave the panel a standing ovation. My chest palpitating as Dr. Cullen's eyes pierced into mine. % After we all exited the session, I headed straight for the nearest glass of water. Gulping it down, clarity set in, and I silently chastised myself for allowing him to play me. While everything that had happened excited me to no end, I felt played. I was going to give Dr. Cullen a piece of my mind, until I remembered there was no confirmation it was him. What if it was someone else ? I had thought, I assumed, it was Dr. Cullen by the first text that I received, and subsequent actions thereafter, but it was never confirmed. What if all of this was a joke? What if they had been taping me? I started to panic until a hand slowly glided across my lower back. "See, that wasn't so boring, Ms. Swan," Dr. Cullen whispered in my ear.