A/N Hey everybody I know I haven't uploaded in years however I started thinking about a good idea for the story so I came up with this one, I hope you enjoy it and also I will be hopefully updating my other stories. apologises for the grammar and spelling. also just wanted to add all rights with things mentioned from the franchise go to JK Rowling. hope you enjoy the story. The crisp morning air brushed at the lifeless trees and the dampness of the grass. Maisie Granger was sat outside in her garden watching the sunrise, she had a cup of tea in her hands warming her through. Her fluffy dressing gown was way too big and exposed a tanned shoulder. Everyone else was still sleeping soundly inside as it was around 6-7am however Maisie was always up and ready to watch the sunrise. Maisie had a very big secret, she had too keep even from her bestest of friends. Maisie Granger was a witch. A muggle-born. Her cousin Hermione Granger was the only other magical being in their family. Maisie had thick auburn hair that fell just above her shoulders, right now it was pulled back into a messy bun pilled on top of her head, little brown freckles were dotted along the bridge of her nose and on the tops of her cheeks. She had piercing dark brown eyes, her lips were full and pink, a nose ring was placed on her nostril. Maisie was a very slim girl however she had curves to her shape. Her small husky puppy Arnie, came up placing his paws on the chair leg whining for Maisie to pick him up and have cuddles. Placing the cup on the arm of the deck chair, Maisie unfolded herself to pick up the small animal. The sunrise was always beautiful on the morning that she would be returning to Hogwarts for her 7th year (well thats how they class it), after the war everyone has been in doubts about whether or not students should return to the historical school. Maisie was adamant that she return, for she was the only one going Hermione had decided against it as she had only just got her parents memories back which meant a year of catching up on the moments that they didn't have, Ron Weasley wasn't returning for another year because his girlfriend (Hermione) wasn't going back, as far as she knew Harry Potter and Ginny Weasley were returning however others she wasn't sure of. As time passed, the sun had risen Maisie got up nudging Arine too jump down off of her lap as she downed the rest of her tea she returned to the warmth of her little quaint cottage that was based in the outskirts of the capital city of the UK. Placing the cup in the sink she looked up to see her bleary eyed older brother Ethan making an appearance at the bottom of the staircase. "Hey Mai." Ethan said in a thick Scottish accent, (they were from Aberdeen.) "Heya Eth." Maisie replied whilst smiling. "You watching the sunrise again." Ethan asked chuckling a little. "It makes me think of home Ethan, Scotland is a far way away and I hate that we had to move." Maisie said solemnly. "It's what mum wanted and needed though, after dad passed, and you got your letter to go to Hogwarts that meant you had too go to London to travel to the bloody school" He said it with emotion thick through the words. "I know Ethan, also someone sounds a little jealous." She added a bit quickly. "Anyway don't you think you should be getting your shit together and I'm not jealous." Ethan said half-heartedly. "Yes, I just need to feed Arnold and then I will go up and get ready." Maisie told her nosey brother. Ethan was about 6ft tall considering Maisie was only 5ft 5inches. He had sandy blonde hair with piercing blue eyes, freckles dusting his pale skin. They were polar opposites in looks, Maisie looking a lot like their mother with a few traits of her father mixed in whereas Ethan was the carbon copy of their dad. He was also two years older than Maisie making him 20 years old. After feeding Arnie, Maisie wondered up the stairs to have a quick shower washing her hair and body, then getting dressed after recently packing away all her items. Her room was a large size considering that they lived in a cottage, the walls were a cream colour, her bed was a king size with a pastel pink duvet sheet with little white flowers as the design, she had a white fluffy throw that lined the bottom of her bed, she was obsessed with throw pillows that littered the front of her normal actual pillows. Maisie couldn't not make her bed with her being a tiny bit OCD, her room was always immaculate not a speck of dirt on her floor ever. Her window was floor length, and her room just held very sentimental trinkets. Maisie was the smartest of her year head to head with her cousin, which is why they got along very well they were basically sisters. However Maisie was more into make-up, hairstyles and outfit choices than Hermione, she was also was the better looking one out of the two, but Hermione could fight for that title on some days even though she did admit that Maisie was the more attractive not that she minded, she would always say that she had the whole package, looks, brains and personality and that she was jealous of her cousin. After picking out an outfit for the day, Maisie started getting dressed dropping her towel she wondered over to her chest of drawers where she picked out a black lacy thong with the matching bra. As Maisie walked over to her bed where she had laid her outfit, she passed the floor length mirror placed in her room looking at her toned stomach and very tanned skin from summer, her collarbones protruding she had always thought she was too skinny which is why she had started going to the gym recently with Ethan to make herself toned. Maisie turned looking at her bum and her legs which were in her opinion were her greatest body assets also her boobs weren't too bad either (she was a solid c cup.) She wondered over to her outfit, she had gone with a plain white t-shirt, with a high necked cream jumper to go over the top, seeing the bottom of the top underneath, pairing it with pair of black ripped knee jeans and a pair of timberland boots which were downstairs and on top of anything else she wore her distressed Levi denim jacket. As it was very chilly outside. Drying her hair she curled it throwing it over to one side of her head, then applying make-up, she took a selfie on her iPhone and posted it to her social media sites. Looking at the time it was 10am, taking her phone off charge she strolled downstairs levitating her trunk to follow her. Her mum was up and getting things sorted, even though Maisie passed her muggle driving test and has a car her mother still loves to drive her to the Kings Cross so she can see her off. Putting on her boots, Maisie enters the kitchen to say goodbye to Arnold by picking him up and giving him a big snuggle, Maisie also has an owl called Walter, which she brings to Hogwarts to keep her company because dogs aren't in the list of animals you can bring to school unfortunately. "Bye bye bubba, I will see you in a couple of months, I will miss you so much give mummy a kiss." Maisie asked the dog in a babyish voice. Arnie then licked the entirety of her chin and anywhere else he could reach, she placed him back on the floor and decided to leave without crying this time. "You ready darling." Maisie's mother called from the hallway by the door. Her mum was a redhead like herself with freckles dusting her pale skin, Maisie tanned so well which unusual for a redhead however she got that from her dad whereas her brother got pale skin from their mother. Her name was Anastasia, she was from London originally before she met Dylan a Scottish lawyer based in Kent. They fell in love instantly before moving back up to Scotland where they had their first born son Ethan, they might of suspected that he was going to be the child that got some magical quality knowing what was in their bloodline somewhere along the line however Ethan never showed any magical traits. A couple of years later they had little Maisie, a redheaded princess which her father doted on, when she was 4 she already started to show some magical traits and by the time she was 7-8 years old she was fully able to do some small spells making her the witch of their small family upon hearing she wasn't alone and that Hermione her cousin of the same age could also produce spells at her age was an opening to a great friendship. Maisie wasn't a Gryffindor like her cousin, she was a Slytherin however Hermione never judged her cousin for being in the house whereas it took her friends a while. They reached the train station and Maisie knew that Ethan and her mother Anastasia could not come through the barrier having no magical powers, so she had to say her goodbyes in the car. "I know the new headmistress has allowed phones in the castle now, so ring when you get settled into your new dorm, you father would be so proud of his little girl becoming an auror after her final year. Head girl suits you darling." Anastasia winked but a few tear dropped from her eyes. Maisie wiped away the tears on both hers and her mothers face, taking in a deep breath she needed to tell her what she had been keeping for a few months "I know mum, however I don't want to be one for dad it was always his dream that I do something in that type of job but I think I want to study plants my favourite subject being herbology or to become a muggle lawyer like daddy." Tears forming she looked at her mothers shocked face and decided to say it quickly "bye mum, I will ring you when I get there, Ethan I'll miss you too don't worry I will ring you too." Leaning behind the front seat she gave her brother an awkward one armed hug. Before getting out of the car and opening the boot to get her trunk, Anastasia exited the car as well to hug her daughter "don't worry about the job sweetie, daddy would be proud of you no matter what you study or do, you know that right we both will be." Sobbing Maisie stuttered "I know mum." Hugging her mother back tenderly. Her brother piped up from the back seat "It's nearly quarter to 11 you might wanna get a move on, Mai." "Okay, bye guys I will miss you all sooo much." Maisie waved and started to walk away turning to look over her shoulder at her family waving until the hustle and bustle pushed her along until they were no longer in sight. Maisie finally made it through the barrier to see the gleaming steam train, with smoke billowing out of turrets. She wondered through the throngs of parents and children young and old saying their farewells until she came across one of the many entrances to the train. Upon entering some man took her trunk to place for her journey as she was now head girl, she went to her rightful compartment. Draco Malfoy was sat in there with a Hufflepuff girl