A/N: In this story, I have a "Harry Potter" traveling back in time to save his world. However due to the multiple universe theory, he ends up in a world that his mom had a miscarriage and he doesn't exist. Instead of him, Luciano (Loo-Chi-ON-O) Black , son of Sirius Black, there's Harry Potter- The Boy Who Lived. Luciano looks liked Harry, but always has the Goblet of Fire hair and is tanner. I hope that you enjoy the story. Luciano Black paced back and forth in the basement of his safe house. He looked at Hermione and said "So, what's the plan again?" She sighed and said "Honestly, can you ever pay attention to anything, Luci (Loo-Chi)?" Luciano frowned and said "I'm not that bad." He got a giggle in response and said "Just get on with the explaination." Hermione huffed and said "Well, as you know there is the rune circle in the basement as we've spent the last month and a half making, we'll complete the rest of it with our blood and then power it with our magic." Luciano nodded and said "And this will sent us back in time. This will allow us to go back in time and stop him. Because if it does not, then I don't know what I will do, if I get there and I have to fight another Dark Lord." Hermione nodded and said "Let's rest up now, and first thing in the mourning, we'll go back in time." Luciano nodded and pulled her into a hug, before pulling back and kissing her on the lips deeply. After a minute, they broke apart and they both laid down on the bed in the corner. Side by side they laid, drifting off to sleep and dreaming of a brighter tomorrow. The Next Day Luciano and Hermione were in the basement of the safe house. Hermione had a cutting knife in her hand and Luciano was holding his hand over a bowl. Hermione cut the hand and Luciano hissed and watched as Hermione pressed on his hand forcing the blood to the surface, through the cut into the bowl. Hermione quickly directed Luciano to stand in the middle of the rune circle and grabbed her brush and dipped it into the blood. She began to scribble the blood around the circle and said "Begin to channel magic the second I finish okay?" She finished and Luciano reached deep into his well of magic and pulled on it. A blazing green aura flared in existence around Luciano. There was a large ' CRACK !' and both of them felt the wards of the safe house shatter. Luciano tried to stop his pull on his magic, but found that it could not be stopped. A large thud was heard and the basement door was blasted off of the hinges. Hermione turned and started to fire spells at the intruding Death Eaters and Luciano could do nothing watch and feel his magic being drained at a faster rate. Hermione was firing spells at an incredible rate, until He showed up. A slender tall man, with freckles splattered across his face. He had a mop of Weasley Red-ish- Orange hair, red eyes and a set of lanky limbs and a small torso. Hermione looked at him with tears starting to form in her eyes and said "You have some nerve to come here in that body." The red haired figure smiled widely and said "We'll I want the boy to see the last of his friends." Luciano glared at the body of Ron Weasley and said "There is nothing that you can do to stop us." The body smiled and replied "You are of course right, why would I want to stop you, when I can go back and stop you from ever being born after you guys go back." Hermione snarled and Luciano could feel his body starting to be pulled somewhere else. Luciano last images of his home world where Hermione destroying the rune and yelling "obliviate" at herself and Lord Voldemort yelling in anger through Ron Weasley's body. The Void Luciano looked around and saw that he was in an all black void. Looking around Luciano couldn't see anything, he sighed and started to walk, when a bright blinding white light appeared. Luciano looked at the figure after the light subsided and said "Dumbledore, to what do I owe this displeasure of seeing you in the afterlife." Dumbledore chuckled and said "Luciano, you were a funny person in life and in death it seems that your humor has only grown. However, you are not dead, but merely passing through to get to the new world. I am sorry about everything that .did concerning you, so I am not going to ask or forgiveness, but for you to merely give the version of myself in this new world a chance to due fight by yourself and your counterpart." Luciano raised an eyebrow and said "That is the second time that you have mentioned a new world, what happened to going back through time?" Dumbledore sighed and said "I'm sorry to be the one to tell you, but as Ms. Granger destroyed the rune circle, she severed your bond to the world, as far as I know there is nobody with the knowledge to reverse the process, now as Ms. Granger has successfully managed to wipe her own mind." Luciano felt tears begin to fall from his eyes and asked "Do you know the way that she dies?" Dumbledore appears to be trouble and says "She'll take her own life in a short three days after you leave, as the Death Eaters use her as a play toy for their sick desire. It was Draco Malfoy's attempt to penetrate her rectum that caused her to knee him in the groin and grab his wand before dueling through the ten deepest levels of Malfoy Manor, setting many people and magical creatures free in the process, before being cornered by hundreds of Death Eaters to which she cast an overpowered Dreamless Sleep charm on herself. She slipped into a coma instantly and died within mere minutes." Luciano looked horrified to say the least and said "I may not have liked the answer, but I trust that you have told me the truth, so I will trust your counter part of this new world." With that Luciano began to fade into the next world, with a determined look on his face. Dumbledore looked fondly at the spot where he disappeared from and didn't respond as an old lady with curly hair walked up to him. "It seems that even in death, you must still try and gain some type of control over him. I shouldn't have expected anything else from you, but I guess that you have always had good intentions, even if he didn't agree with them, he knew that at the very least." said the old lady. Dumbledore frowned and said "Ms. Granger, I must say that I liked it better, when you used to never question my plans." She sighed and said "Why didn't you say that the resistance showed up after Voldemort started to torture me, saving me in the process. Why didn't you tell him that I lived to 97 years, but never married and had kids because the love of my life wasn't there." Dumbledore shook his head and replied with "Because, we just gave him the resolve he will need to prepare for a form of Tom, that is over four times stronger than the one of his own world." Hermione scoffed and walked off, leaving Dumbledore alone. With Luciano Luciano awoke and quickly realized that he was on a train. Shaking his head, he looked around to see that it was only him on the train. Looking out the window, Luciano saw that it was 9:15 AM, and that the train would be leaving close to an hour later. Using the window as a mirror, he saw that his older, more scarred face was replaced by the innocent 13 year old face that he had when he was much younger. Luciano looked around for his wand, but could not find it, so he summoned it to body and in a blink of the eye, it was there. The Elder Wand is ancient and made of elder wood. It is fifteen inches long and has a Thestral tail-hair core, which is " a tricky substance that only wizards that mastered death can control. ". The Elder Wand, as well as being more powerful than other wands, is noticeably unique from other wands in its appearance, particularly because it bears carvings that resemble clusters of elderberries running down its length. At least that was what legends say about it, for Luciano though, it was just a powerfully traitorous wand that he won in a duel from Dumbledore at the end of his Sixth Year as he broke free of Dumbledore's manipulation, that were of his best interest, but agreed upon by him, so he had done away with them. Luciano grasped his wand and felt pain shoot up his arm and into his head, before he heard a voice in his head that thundered ' WHO DARES TO WIELD ME WITHOUT MY PROMISSION. I WILL BLAST YOU FROM THIS EXISTENCE ... Oh, it's just you, Luciano. I had gotten worried as someone had managed to steal the wand from Dumbledore's very hand. So, master, what is the reason that you've traveled to this world, when last time that you wielded me, you were in a different world.' Luciano sighed and thought back 'I couldn't win the universe that I have came from, so I made an attempt to travel through time, but it failed and instead, I've traveled to a different universe.' The wand purred it's understand and said 'Well, since you are here, I'll provide you with the memories that you'll need to fit into this world. I hope that you succeed in this world more than the last. Until you reawaken, my friend.' Luciano collapsed into his seat as his brain was flooded with knowledge of this world. 50 minutes later ... Luciano awoke for the second time to find himself on the train going to Hogwarts, just in time for somebody to knock on the door. Luciano opened the door and was shocked out of his mind, when instead of some random person, it was Hermione. She was in her miniature 11 version of herself and it took most of Luciano's strength to not pull her into a bone breaking hug. His staring was broken by her asking if he had seen a toad. He replied in the negative and offered to go with her, if she would allow him to accompany her on her task to find a toad. Hermione looked at Luciano and said "Um ... Sure, as the saying goes "More heads are better."" Luciano nodded agreeing with the quote and said "Let's go." They walked through the trains common walkways and, Luciano, was surprised to not meet some type of crowd or group of students walking between carts and seating booths. They walked through the train, going from compartment to compartment looking for the toad. Finally they reached one of the last compartments and saw a round plump boy there and Luciano was hit with a old memory, that he quickly pushed out of the way. Hermione and the new boy entered the compartment and Luciano heard Hermione say "Has anyone seen a toad? Neville's lost one." She said in a bossy voice, Luciano groaned at her tone and Luciano hide his amusement at the seen in front of him as he knew that it was an important part of his life. "We've already told him that we haven't seen it." Said Ron, but Hermione was listening, but rather focusing on the wand in his hand. "Oh, are you going to use a spell,