NICO Nico found himself brooding as usual. The sun was too bright, the people around him too happy, people were laughing and gossiping and going about their day oblivious to what actually was going on right in front of their noses. All in all, just another dismal day for the only representative from the house of Hades, at least he didn't have to put up with annoying roommates usually. In fact Nico basically had the whole wing to himself if you didn't count the resident at House Zeus down the hall a ways. It was nice and peaceful and usually Nico could sleep in and relax, but this morning Nico woke with a start to a loud bang and crash. Not hearing any other noises afterwards Nico decided to start getting ready for the day thinking he was running late and someone must have just dropped something walking by. He gathered his clothes and headed to the shower, he began washing off the sweat and grime, lathering his body and his hair. A hot shower was always nice to start the day, Nico thought, that is until the temperature dropped to that of the arctic tundra. Nico shouted and clambered to get out of the shower as quickly as possible not sure exactly what happened but realizing it was time to leave anyways. It was the first day of school. Nico was going to be a Junior this year attending Chiron's Academy for Boys a boarding school in New York. Staring up at the sign Nico became lost in thought. It being an all boys school, most would think Nico would have issues with the lack of ladies to look at, but frankly, that wasn't the case at all. Over the last few years, Nico had been noticing a few changes in what he viewed as hot or attractive. Most of the times, these thoughts led him to thinking of Jason the lead quarterback or Frank, the head of the Wrestling Team. As time grew on, Nico became more and more aware that girls just weren't doing it for him. However, Nico knew the humiliation he would face if he just came out at an all boys school, so he kept his trap shut knowing what was best for himself. Nico shouldered forward, after all, what could happen. Its just the first day of school, its not like its the end of the world he thought to himself. That happened last year and we got through that just fine. Secretly though, Nico felt alone, he didn't have many friends. No one wanted to hang out with someone from the house of Hades. Walking down the hallway Nico passed a mirror. He checked himself out. He wasn't very tall, with short dark hair and an Italian olive complexion and dark eyes. Nico was sporting a tight fit black tee shirt and faded blue jeans with a slight tear at the right knee. All in all, with the silver necklace around his throat and the ring his sister Bianca gave him. He thought he made at least a half way decent looking individual but it seems no one else seemed to take notice. With a sigh, Nico continued to head down the hallway stopping at his locker. The loneliness was wearing on him. Was it really too much to ask for someone to spend some time with. All he really wanted was for someone to notice him for what he was instead of just branding him as a stereotype and casting him aside. At least first period was Drama. Nico liked the teacher Persephone. She was always kind to him, and at least seemed to remember he was in the classroom, unlike his P.E. Instructor Coach Ares, who seemed to forget Nico even existed. Nico grabbed his books for the day and with one last look in his locker mirror, which was kept a hidden and strictly a secret as only girls would have a mirror in their locker, Nico checked for stray hairs or anything out of place. If he was going to go through the day, at least he didn't have to look like an idiot while doing so. Nico slammed his locker shut, whirled the knob and set off to class. Mildly wondering what new horrors awaited him, he took out his iPod and placed his ear-buds in and began listening to some new pieces by Within Temptation thinking about the song title "Paradise(What about Us?)" left Nico thinking strongly of what about me? Lost in his thoughts, absorbed in his own little world Nico headed off to Drama class. Looking at the watch on his wrist Nico noticed he had just enough time, it read 8:55 AM and class didn't start till nine, for once Nico wouldn't be late. Maybe the new year would prove to be interesting after all, even if it still does suck. PERCY It was a brand new day! Percy couldn't believe he had to move yet again. His step dad Gabe was such an asshat. Forcing him and his mom to constantly move. Well this time he lucked out, sort of. Instead of moving with the "Happy Family" he got to go to an all boys boarding school. At least he got to get away from Gabe, but honestly, he couldn't even begin to imagine what his mother was thinking staying with the guy. Always telling him, "Gabe does a lot for us sweetie, try to understand where he's coming from". All Percy could think, is I know exactly where he is coming from, The Couch! However, this was going to be a new year! He was going to be a Junior, and he was bound and determined, even if the new school didn't have a swim team, though he was very much hoping they at least had a pool, he was going to make the best of it and try to make his mom proud by not getting kicked out of this school. Percy had horrible luck, weird things were always happening around him, and no one ever seemed to believe him. It's like he was cursed or something. He kept getting knocked out and waking up in odd places, once the school from two years ago burned down, not sure how that one happened, evidence was pointing to Percy, but everyone including Percy was hazy on the details of just what exactly happened, somehow the fire was put out, even before the fire department showed up, unfortunately the remains of the school were already charred to a crisp. The year after that there was a freak flood in the swimming pool at his next school. Once again, his coach somehow thought he had something to do with the prank, but thankfully there was at least some evidence to prove otherwise. Percy was getting bullied in the boys locker room, and since they didn't want anyone thinking they had something to do with the flooding they backed up Percy's story that they were in their with him. On the condition that if he mentioned the swirly he was going to get his ass kicked after school. Needless to say, Percy went along with it. It wasn't worth causing a scene and even more stress but even though Percy didn't get into trouble that time, Gabe decided to ruin it all by announcing that he got a job offer at a car lot as a used car salesman. So with his bags packed with his few belongings and clothes, Percy was on his way to Chiron's Academy for Boys with his mom. Thankfully Gabe was too busy to see him off, Percy preferred it this way, and reassured his mother that it was okay and that he understood Gabe being too busy. He just hoped he hid his delight well enough and showed enough remorse that he didn't get a scolding from his mother before she dropped him off. After all, it would be at least three months till he would see her again, and that was a big if, since winter break, he might not be able to come home. It would just depend on how their finances were doing. Percy knew what Gabe would say, so he wasn't really getting his hopes up. Come winter break, Gabe would come up with any excuse stating they didn't have the money and Percy was fine with that. A last he didn't have to clean up after Gabe during that time. It was by this time that Percy noticed they were pulling up to the front of the school grounds. Percy was already checked in, his mother saw to that, so all that needed to be done was to stop by the office pick up his dorm key, drop off his stuff and get to class. "Now honey, I want you to take care of yourself, make sure to eat. The schools program came with meal vouchers, so your food is provided for. Oh, and before I forget I have a gift for you. I was originally saving it for your birthday but since we aren't going to be able to celebrate it together, I figured now would be as good a time as any. Its a gift from your father." "That's okay mom, it's sweet and all, but I am sure Gabe didn't buy me anything, you don't have to pretend." Percy's mother frowned "No honey, it's not from Gabe, this was left to you by your biological father. He had said to give it to you when I thought you were ready. I am not sure if you will ever be ready, but I think you could use a good luck charm for a new school and a new school year." Percy's curiosity was piqued! A present from my real dad, but she never talks about my real dad. Never! I wonder what it is! Why wait until now, so many questions...thoughts started filling his head faster and faster. Percy just stared as his mother handed him a small rectangular box. Percy opened the box and was immediately disappointed, inside was a dark blue pen with gold lettering on the side spelling Riptide . Riptide? Percy thought, I wonder what that is about, he searched through the paper to make sure he wasn't missing anything else. Nope, just a pen. "Well, its a nice pen." Percy tried for enthusiasm, hoping he didn't sound as deflated as he felt. Though all in all, at least he did managed to get another little piece of his real dad. So far he had no pictures, his mother claiming, he was camera shy. All he knew was that he went out to sea and never returned. His mother would never embellish, no matter how many times he asked. Maybe his mother was right, he needed a good luck charm, a pen is as good as anything else. "I am glad you like it sweetie, I know you might have been expecting something different. I know we don't talk about your father much, its painful for me, but I can tell you he was a good man, and he would be proud of you and the man you are becoming" she said. Goodbyes were always painful for Percy, everything in his life always felt so transient. Like a wave crashing on the shore, one moment here, the next moment washed away never to be seen again. Percy never tried to get his hopes up, but he did try to stay positive. "Thank you for the gift mom, its means a lot, I have to get ready and settled into my dorm room and get to class. I hope you have a safe drive back!" he whispered to her as he hugged her across the car. Getting his things together proved quicker than getting them into the car, Percy began to think his mom had been stalling earlier. Though he couldn't really blame her, he wouldn't want to