Winner of the Public Vote - Second Place - in the Age of Edward 2015 Writing Contest. I do not own Twilight. No copyright infringement is intended. Rush to Love March 24, 1889 Bella Swan walked briskly down the narrow path that led to the small brick church in the town of Forks, Kansas. Her heart was racing because Edward Cullen would be attending church today. Edward had finished his medical studies and had just returned home to work with his father, Dr. Carlisle Cullen. Bella smiled remembering Edward's last letter full of endearing words. He had always been more than a friend to her. Bella stepped into the church and tried to nonchalantly scan the churchgoers who were quietly chatting before the service began. "Good morning, Miss Bella," greeted one of the ushers. "I have a seat reserved for you. Please step this way." Bella wanted to find her own seat near Edward, but the usher had a big smile and made a show of being helpful. She sighed to herself and reluctantly followed Mr. Banner, the head usher. She saw that he was leading her to Edward, who was seated and also scanning the crowd. "Bella!" exclaimed Edward. "It is so good to see you!" Edward's green eyes sparkled while he spoke with Bella and he sat close enough so their shoulders and arms touched during the service. He tried to ignore how his heart skipped a beat at the sight of her. He shared his hymnbook during song time and had a sweet smile for her. She blushed and appreciated how Edward made her feel special with the smallest gestures. After church, Edward's family invited the Swans to dinner at the Cullen farm. The people milled about outside the church to socialize for a few minutes before returning to their homes for Sunday dinner. Edward could not keep his eyes off of Bella while she greeted her friends, Angela and Jessica, but then noticed someone else. Aro Volturi was standing in the shadows in the doorway of a nearby store. The way he stood there observing people made Edward stop in his tracks. Edward reached into his coat pocket and patted the folded wanted poster for Aro that he had torn off of a wall near the college. He planned to show it to Carlisle and discuss the best way of dealing with the dangerous man living in their midst. After dinner and a toast to congratulate Edward for completing college, the young people changed clothes so that they could go horseback riding in the pasture. Edward's siblings, Alice and Emmett, brought their horses from the corral. Emmett's wife, Rosalie, and Bella's brother, Jasper, also joined them with their own horses. Edward had a silvery-gray horse with a shiny coat, and he called him Velvet. Bella had a beautiful, reddish-brown horse with a white star on his forehead. She called him Meteor because he could move so fast. They rode their horses at a leisurely pace, each of them knowing what was about to happen next. "All right," Emmett called over to Bella. "It is time to declare a champion today. Any one of us could win." "Whatever you say," said Bella laughing quietly, trying not to appear too confident. They all lined up their horses at the starting line. At the count of three, they took off at a gallop. Hairpins flew out of the girls' styled hair, leaving their long hair flying in the breeze. The men were trying not to laugh while they concentrated on winning the race. They all saw with their own eyes why Bella's horse was called Meteor. Her horse seemed to enjoy beating everyone else in a race, as if he knew how important it was to win. Bella and Meteor reached the goal long before the others, with Edward and Velvet coming in second. "The humiliation," muttered Emmett in mock disgust. After a happy day of socializing, laughing, and eating cake and lemonade for dessert, the Cullens bade farewell to the Swans. Edward helped Bella step up into their carriage and held her hand briefly. She smiled shyly at him, and her father cleared his throat. Next, Emmett and Jasper helped Mr. Swan up. Charles Swan had recently been shot and wounded outside of town. Dr. Cullen said he would recover, but he was unable to return to work as sheriff right away. Aro Volturi, the recently promoted bank vice-president, had declared loudly that if Charles could not do his job, he would need to be replaced. He also said that Charles' mortgage would be due within sixty days, or he would lose his house. Since Aro controlled many of the mortgages, he was able to intimidate and bully people in the town. His nephew, Alec, was the deputy and soon became the sheriff. Charles tried to find other work, but no one would hire him in fear of Aro's retaliation. The Swans had some money in reserve, but it would soon run out. The Swan household became quiet and tense. That Friday, Bella and Jasper stopped by Newton's General Store. Jessica Newton greeted them with a bright smile. "Bella, I have a surprise for you! A bookseller sent me an extra book for the shop. I know how you like this author." She handed Bella a copy of Journey to the Center of the Earth by Jules Verne. "Women hardly ever go on adventures like in these stories. We are not even able to vote!" she scoffed with mild indignation. Bella hummed in reply. She was, however, very appreciative of the gift. She loved to read, but since there was not an actual bookstore in Forks, Bella and her friends traded whatever books they had. After Bella had purchased a bag of sugar and some coffee, she thanked Jessica again for the gift and stepped outside with Jasper to return home. That evening, Bella heard a knock at her bedroom door. It was Jasper, and he had an anxious expression on his face. "What is the matter?" Bella asked with concern. "Bella, we will not be able to stay in Forks much longer. If we are unable to pay the mortgage, Aro Volturi and his men will run us out of town. He is dangerous and I think he is responsible for Pa being shot. We will need to leave soon." Bella frowned and began to pace the floor nervously. "Maybe there is something we can do. Pa is still recovering from the gunshot wound and cannot travel far, but you and I can." She pulled out a newspaper from between a stack of books. "Look at this article from the Kansas City Daily Journal . They are giving away land in Oklahoma. Giving it away! We just have to be there to race for it." Bella was excited thinking about her family owning land, free and clear, for a new home. Jasper took the newspaper and read it closely. "This is real? President Harrison has declared two million acres from the Unassigned Lands available for homesteaders, and all they have to do is race for it on the twenty-second of April." He read the article over and over again, and then pressed his hand against his forehead before reading once more. "Instead of drawing names, people will race for a one hundred sixty acre parcel of land. Single women are eligible to compete. With you riding Meteor, you will surely be one of the fastest riders." "That's what I was hoping," whispered Bella excitedly. "I'm old enough since I just turned twenty-one. Since the race is less than a month from now, we need to leave right away. When we get settled, we can send word for Ma and Pa to join us in Oklahoma." "Yes, we need to go now and get the lay of the land. Tomorrow we will pack and get supplies for the trip. We can tell the Cullens about our plan. Maybe they will want to join us." Bella was excited thinking about taking part in the race, but she was even more excited thinking about seeing Edward again. The following morning, Bella and Jasper hitched their wagon and traveled to the Cullen house. Bella wore her button top leather boots and her favorite gray dress. They were surprised to see an unfamiliar horse and carriage outside. They walked up the porch steps to the stately front door. Jasper knocked on the door, and after a few minutes, Alice answered. "Jasper...and Bella," she said loudly, but lacking the usual joy when she greeted them. "Please, come in." Jasper and Bella exchanged looks. Dr. Cullen and his wife Esme, along with Emmett and Rosalie, came to greet them. They were friendly, but their smiles seemed strained. Bella took in a short breath, sensing the tension in the air. There was a little tightening in her heart and she tentatively asked, "Is Edward here?" No sooner had she spoken, than Edward came into the room with a beautiful young woman gripping his arm tightly. She was almost as tall as Edward and her hair was styled in golden ringlets. She wore a pale pink silk gown and looked like she was from a fairy tale. Bella wondered why she had thought Edward would be impressed with her own gray dress. "Hello, Bella and Jasper, this is Kate," said Edward in a tense voice. "She and her father, Dr. Gerandy, live near the college. Dr. Gerandy is a friend of Father's from their school days." Edward looked around the room uncomfortably. Kate gushed, "We are so excited to visit Edward and his family. He is going to keep me so amused! He looked so dashing at Winter Cotillion at the college!" Kate gave Bella a quick once over then kept her eyes on Edward's face. Jasper cleared his throat. "Well, yes, we cannot stay, but I need to speak with Alice and Emmett. Could we step outside for a few minutes? We are on our way to buy provisions at Newton's Store and need to get home by sundown." Bella bade farewell to the Cullens and Kate, even though the other girl would not meet Bella's eyes. Bella glanced at Edward, and he had an angry expression on his face. He muttered goodbye to Jasper and Bella, then led Kate outside onto the back porch. He could barely be heard as he spoke to Kate in a low voice. Jasper put his arm around Bella's shoulders and nudged her to go outside with him. As soon as they were outdoors, Jasper told Alice and Emmett their plan to take part in the Land Rush. Alice and Emmett were wide-eyed with excitement and said they would talk to their family and see if they could also participate. They did not like the way Aro bullied everyone and did not expect things to improve. Bella was very quiet on the way home and her eyes felt damp. The excitement she had felt on the way to visit Edward was replaced with a heavy feeling in her chest and stomach. Jasper finally said, "Can you imagine Kate riding a horse yelling, "Yee-haa!" Bella burst out laughing, because no, that was very unlikely indeed. However, that did not change the fact that Kate was able to put her hand on Edward's arm and leave it there. Bella brooded all the way home. After supper, Jasper showed the newspaper to Pa and Ma and said this might be the best plan to find their new home. Pa read the newspaper article several times, adjusting his reading glasses as if it would make some new information more noticeable. He took off his glasses and cleaned them. "This is a very risky endeavor. You will be competing against thousands of others. The race itself will be dangerous." Ma was usually very quiet and deferred to Pa, but in this case she spoke up, "Charles, they will be careful. We all know that