Hello lovelies! If you haven't read my story, "High", you should probably do so before continuing to read this even though this could technically be a stand-alone fic. I had no plans to continue the story "High," until RavingRebel221 made the best case for why I should that I've ever heard. This is proof that your comments really can make a difference for authors. RavingRebel221, this story is dedicated to you :) Hermione attempted to be objective as she studied herself in the mirror. She looked alright, but was it enough for Her Majesty, Narcissa Malfoy? She had applied a bit of mascara, tamed her curls, and put on a little black wrap dress. She hadn't worn it since Remus and Tonks's funeral, but she supposed it wouldn't look out of place at a nice dinner. It fit her well now that she had filled out a bit since the Prolonged Camping Trip from Hell. She had never felt so grateful for anything as when McGonagall informed her that as Head Girl she would have her own room. Living with boys for an extended amount of time was a rude awakening. Unshowered teenaged males could be a species into themselves. Sure, her friends might have thrown hissy fits once they realized Hermione would not give them the password to her Common Room so they could come and go as they pleased, but she did not budge. Dammit, she had spent a year sharing a cramped space with three teenage boys, all of whom had varying opinions concerning hygiene, and she had earned this . This space was her own. Her palace. No boys allowed unless she bloody well said so. Draco especially whined quite spectacularly at her insistence that the password remain secret. "But what if I want to surprise you by waiting naked for you in your bed?" Hermione had rolled her eyes at that. After all, with or without a private Head Girl suite, the two had always found ways to be alone. They spent a significant amount of time during sixth year attached at the genitals despite Draco damn near killing himself trying to play the dutiful Death Eater. Hell, even when they were living in a tent with Harry and Ron, they still managed to shag like bunnies as often as possible. And even though Draco didn't have the password to her Common Room, he still spent nearly every night in her bed. It turned out that neither of them could sleep without the other. Hermione would have been annoyed by that fact if Draco didn't make such a fantastic snuggle-buddy. She didn't like to think that she needed him lying next to her just to get a good night's sleep. She was interrupted from her self-examination by a frantic knock on her door. Said knocker was none other than one of the formerly Unshowered Boys—the black-haired one—who gave her a new appreciation for solitude. "Harry," she said. "What's up?" He cocked his head in confusion. "You look nice," he said. "Thanks. What do you need?" "I just asked Ginny to marry me." You could have knocked her over with a feather. "Wow. I mean…I didn't even know you two were considering marriage," she said. "We're not. She said no." Hermione blinked rapidly. How was this possible? Ginny was crazy about Harry. "And…are you okay with that?" "I think so. I mean, I guess I should clarify that she didn't really say ' no '. It was more of a 'not right now' kind of thing." "Well, Harry, you can't really blame her. She's seventeen-years-old." "I know. I just…," he sighed. "I'm not exactly sure you'd understand because you didn't have to go through this with Malfoy, but being on the run last year away from her…I just want to be with her as much as I can now. I missed her so much the entire time." Hermione nodded. "Yes, I know. Remember, I walked in on you once when you were 'missing her so much.'" Harry's eyes narrowed. " One time, Hermione. That happened one time . How many times did I walk in on you and Malfoy shagging?" Harry's question was rhetorical. He didn't need reminding of those three fatal incidents. Three times. It was three times that Harry walked in on Malfoy and Hermione going at it while they were on their Horcrux hunt. The first time was in the showerless loo all four of them shared with each other. Harry absent-mindedly pulled the curtain to the room back and flinched at the scene before him. Malfoy was leaning against the wall, eyes squinted shut, alternating between moaning incoherently and biting his lip. His hands were fisted in Hermione's hair and her lips were wrapped tightly around Malfoy's cock. Harry nearly dry-heaved at the sight. When Malfoy's eyes shot open, he scowled in agitation and swung his head sharply to the side in a gesture which communicated, " Hey, do you mind? I'm kind of getting my dick sucked by your best friend, who you love like a sister, right now ." Harry swiftly fled the scene and cursed providence for seeing fit to bestow the fortune upon Malfoy of all people that he should still get to enjoy blow jobs in his day-to-day life whilst they were all in mortal peril, and Harry was forced to satisfy his urges by wanking like some bloody peasant. It simply was not fair. Worst of all, Harry suspected that if the two were seeking more exotic locations, such as the loo, for their trysts, then his own room probably wasn't too far down on the list. The second time, Harry needed something from the room that Hermione and Malfoy shared. Naively assuming the two were out scouting for food, he came in unannounced while Hermione was straddling Malfoy's hips, riding him, while Malfoy, balls deep in her, cooed words of hot encouragement and placed his hands on her hips so he could better bounce her up and down on him. Harry immediately shut his eyes and guffawed in embarrassment, throwing an arm dramatically over his face to shield him from the repellant scene. Malfoy was furious. He immediately shot up, pulled a blanket over Hermione to hide her from Harry's sight, and screamed, "What the fuck are you doing? Get out of here, Potter!" Harry contemplated Obliviating himself. The third time, Harry got to share the moment with Ron. In an effort to repress the two prior memories, Harry failed to learn the vital lesson of Announce Your Presence Before Entering A Room Because Apparently Nowhere is Safe. He and Ron drudged down to the pond on a water run and were stunned to find it already occupied. This time, Malfoy took Hermione from behind, sucking on her neck while one hand cupped her breast and pinched her nipple, and the other disappeared under the water, presumably rubbing her clit, while he pounded into her. Hermione's head was thrown back on Malfoy's shoulder, begging for him to go harder. Harry immediately fused his eyes shut, shouted expletives, and began bumbling around to escape the scene so belligerently, that he fell over on a bush. It would have been hilariously cartoonish if it hadn't been just five brands of DAMMIT! Ron, on the other hand, couldn't tear his eyes from the scene and appeared to be rooted to the spot. Upon realizing they had yet again been caught, Hermione sunk into the water to hide herself, blushing furiously. Malfoy, on the other hand, not appreciating the unwelcome interruption of his impending orgasm, jumped out of the water and charged at Ron, all the while fully nude, shouting, "I'll fucking kill you, Weasel, you pervert!" Ron seemed to regain consciousness at the sight of a naked Malfoy bounding towards him with murder in his eyes, livid from the fact that his least favorite person in the world just denied him the opportunity to finish his shag, which he was very much enjoying up until that point. Ron ran screaming through the woods from the potentially homicidal blond. All in all, it was one of the better interactions between the two boys. Hermione couldn't look Harry or Ron in the eye for a week. Malfoy and Ron were at each other's throats more than usual. Eventually, Hermione, being the most sensible one of the bunch, sat all her boys down and had a little chat about "coexistence." Now, being reminded of those three humiliating instances, Hermione narrowed her eyes dangerously at Harry. "You should have learned to bloody knock ." Harry scoffed. " Believe me , I fucking know. No one regrets it more than me that I learned that lesson too late." He cleared his throat and adopted a clipped, professional voice. "I just feel that maybe you and Malfoy could have made more of an effort to keep it in your pants or at least be more discreet." Hermione rolled her eyes. " I feel that your efforts to put the blame on us are misguided and butt-headish." Harry laughed. It was an old habit from their camping days during the Horcrux hunt. The evening Hermione called a group meeting and determined that some ground rules had become necessary for them all to live harmoniously, she came up with the idea that anytime one of them felt strongly about something, instead of yelling at each other, they should preface the thought with "I feel," and they would all be forced to listen to it. Some of them took to it more easily than others. For the next few days, Malfoy and Ron used the new technique as a way to passively-aggressively rip one another apart. One morning, when Ron's spoon kept missing his mouth due to Hermione's decision to wear a particularly short pair of shorts while doing dishes, Draco nearly threw his mug full of hot coffee at the red-headed wizard. " I feel that if Weasel doesn't stop leering at my girlfriend like he's picturing her naked, I'm going to beat the ugly out of him!" And so on, and so forth. Harry rolled his eyes. " Anyway , I was kind of hoping to talk to you about the whole thing with Ginny , but you look like you're heading out." Hermione sighed and nodded. Yes, to her eternal chagrin, she was heading out. "Where are you going?" "Malfoy Manor." Harry's eyes widened. " What? Are you dumb? You're dumb. You can't go to Malfoy Manor. Narcissa Malfoy lives there, do you know that?" Hermione rolled her eyes. "You know, Harry. I barely agreed to go as it is. Please don't crumble what little resolve I have by telling me how barmy this is." "Why?" "Draco and I are having dinner with her," she said with a worried scowl. Harry released a faint " Ooooohhh ," and nodded his head. "So you're doing it on purpose ." "Right." "And you're worried your boyfriend's mum won't like you. Even after everything you did for her during her trial?" "Are my parents still Muggles?" she asked. "Yeah." "Then I'm still worried." "Don't be daft. She's going to love you." The words came from the familiar, smooth drawl belonging to the handsome, blond variety of the formerly Unshowered Boy specimens. Although to his credit, Draco, being much more finicky about his hygiene and appearance than the other two Unshowered Boys, quickly discovered the merits of the Full-Body Scourgify . Harry rolled his eyes. "You have to understand why she'd be worried." Draco sneered. "I do understand. But my mother didn't escape the war unscathed. She doesn't care about those things as much anymore." Hermione sighed. "What do I even talk to her about? 'Hey, Mrs. Malfoy. I'm the girl your son turned blood traitor for, thus disbanding nearly five centuries of blood purity. Care to pass the carrots?'" Draco laughed. "My mother is nothing if not a perfect hostess. I know you're used to having to