Big shout out to my beta, Maloreiy on this fic! For those of you who don't know, I'm new to this site, so you might have missed the prequel to this work, "Hot for Teacher," unless you frequent AO3 as well. I just posted it on this site in its entirety a few days ago. So be sure to check that out first! Seriously, if you don't read "Hot for Teacher" first, you may be a tad bit confused. "Good luck," Scorpius murmured as he hugged his father goodbye. "Merlin, don't tell me you think I actually need it." Scorpius rolled his eyes. "Hardly. She'll say yes." Draco gave a small smile as he focused his eyes on the curly-haired brunette witch trying to convince Potter that he couldn't just 'homeschool' his daughter Lily. Scorpius smiled as he watched his father watch Professor Granger. "Don't forget to owl me after with the good news." Draco nodded as he diverted his attention back to his son. He couldn't believe how much the boy had changed in the past year. He might have been a late bloomer, but Scorpius had certainly come into his inheritance of Malfoy arrogance since he had started dating Rose Weasley. "What are you smirking about?" Scorpius shrugged. "I'm a Malfoy. We smirk." Draco rolled his eyes. "If this is what I look like most of the time, it's a wonder I don't routinely get punched in the face." Scorpius' smirk deepened. "I feel I have to point out that between the two of us, I was the one who noticed her first." Draco scoffed. "Alright, you little twit. Am I going to have to tell you to behave yourself this year and not put the moves on your future stepmother?" Scorpius raised his hands in a gesture of mock surrender. "No need to Hulk out, old man. I already have a girlfriend. Just couldn't resist taking the piss a bit and reminding you that I have superior taste in all things." Draco rolled his eyes. "One: I don't know how to 'Hulk out' or even what that bloody-well means. Two: You hardly have better taste than me in all things. That tripe you and Albus listen to doesn't even qualify as music, much less good music." Scorpius rolled his eyes. "Aaaand…you're old." "What do I always say?" "Yeah, yeah. I'm lucky to have your genetics." "I pulled that ," he said, pointing to Hermione. "Which you tried and failed to do. So maybe remember that the next time you refer to me as 'old.'" Scorpius rolled his eyes. "I'm getting on the bloody train now. Just enjoy your weekend away and don't come back without a fiancée." Draco finally tore his eyes from the Hogwarts Express as it disappeared into the distance. He turned and smiled at the petite witch whose hand he was holding. "Are you all packed?" "I am." Hermione held up the small beaded bag she always carried with her on trips. "Although you could have given me more information about where we are going." "I told you. There's a beach. Just pack bikini bottoms." She rolled her eyes. "Lech." He smirked as he planted a kiss on her cheek. "Don't pretend for a second you don't like that about me." She pursed her lips, holding back a grin. "I admit nothing." He nipped along her jaw. "You can hardly blame me for wanting to keep my beautiful girlfriend naked as often as possible." She giggled. "Oi. You two are revolting ," Ron Weasley said, scowling at the pair. Though he had resigned himself to the fact that Hermione and Draco were an item, he still wasn't comfortable watching them flirt so openly with one another, which they seemed to do all the time. Draco rolled his eyes as he detached his lips from Hermione's skin. Normally he wasn't one for such blatant PDA, but he was drunk off the anticipation and excitement this weekend held in store, and he couldn't care less that they were in public right now, surrounded by The Golden Gits who had also just sent their children off to Hogwarts. "The only thing 'revolting' around here, Weasley, is that tie. Merlin , it's like you get dressed in the dark." Hermione nudged him in the ribs and mouthed, Be nice . "Don't you two have a Portkey to catch?" Harry asked. "Yes, thank you Harry, for reminding us," Hermione said. "We really should be off." Draco interrupted his dagger-staring contest with Weasley and kissed Hermione on the temple. He could vaguely hear Weasley intone, "Puke," as he did so. "Alright. Let's get out of here." "Don't do anything I wouldn't do," Ginny called out to Hermione. Hermione scoffed. "Well that leaves nothing." "PUKE," Weasley droned loudly. His wife, Susan Weasley (formerly Bones), rolled her eyes and pinched him on the side. " Merlin , Suz." Ron grimaced. "Keep your bloody Hulk claws to yourself." "Okay, seriously. What the bloody fuck is a 'Hulk'?" Draco demanded. "Draco. Leaving. Portkey. Now." Hermione said. Draco smirked. "My, my. Someone's anxious to get me alone, aren't you my love?" "PUKE," Weasley repeated. " You two . Get the fuck out of here before Susan gets carted away to Azkaban for dismembering her husband," Harry said in his best imperious Auror voice. Albus grimaced as he watched Scorpius and Rose fawn and paw over each other. Rose was sitting on Scorpius' lap cooing at him disgustingly and stroking his face while he played with her hair and rubbed his nose against hers. "I missed you," Scorpius said, kissing her lightly on the lips. "I missed you more," she answered, running her hands through his impeccably styled hair. " Blech ," Albus mumbled as he stood up to leave the compartment. "Mate, where're you going?" Scorpius asked. "I can't watch this. Not without a permission slip from my mum." Scorpius scowled. "As if you and Mon are any better." "Mon's not my girlfriend. She's my snog buddy." "She's your girlfriend." "I refuse to be limited by the suffocating labels of the English language. What Mon and I have is pure and beautiful and absolutely nothing like the parade of indignities the two of you have forced upon the world since you got together. I will not deign to even equate it to this by calling her the same thing you call Rose." Scorpius rolled his eyes. "She's your girlfriend." "yap, ghargh je jul-haired loDnI'wI'! qal SoH pong mul, qul-nach be' 'ei DaH legh SoH lions Hol neH," Albus responded. It roughly translated to, ' Enough my sun-haired snake brother! You have been corrupted by your stubborn, fire-headed woman and you now argue in the language of the lions. ' "How many times do I have to tell you that you can't just slip into Klingon to avoid talking about something uncomfortable?" "Was I doing it again?" Rose scoffed. "Please. You obviously like Flint. I personally don't see what all the fuss is about. But I guess a lot of guys like her." Albus raised an eyebrow. "A lot of guys?" She ignored him. Scorpius was trailing a finger over her jaw, commanding her full attention. "She's got nothing on you, love," he said. Albus suppressed the urge to vomit. "Um…Rose. What other guys?" Rose beamed at her Slytherin beau and leaned in to kiss him. " No one has anything on you," she murmured against his mouth. " What . Other. Guys?! You absolute prat and pratess!" Albus all but stomped his foot. Rose rolled her eyes as she reluctantly pulled away from Scorpius' lips. "I just heard a few guys in my house talking about her. Nothing major. Just the usual bro-prattle." "Who?" "For fuck's sake, Al. If you're worried about a little competition, just tell her you want to be exclusive," Scorpius said. "But Mon and I don't talk." "What do you mean you don't talk?" "I mean we literally do not talk. We shoot each other a look. We find a secluded corner. We snog. You can't talk with someone else's tongue in your mouth." Rose narrowed her eyes. "That's it?" Albus nodded, smirking. "I know what you're thinking. How did he get such a bloody brilliant arrangement?" Rose scoffed. " No . I'm thinking that sounds awful." "Well, ta ever so for your assessment, Rose. But at least Mon and I don't make a spectacle of ourselves. Now," he paused to straighten his posture, "if you'll both excuse me, I'm going to get as far the hell away from both of you as possible and then maybe , if your sickening demonstration of young love hasn't completely destroyed my libido, I'm going to find my snog buddy." With a dramatic turn of his foot, Albus left the compartment. Rose rolled her eyes. "We are not that bad." Scorpius nodded, rubbing his fingers up her spine. He didn't really care what sort of scene they made if it meant he could be alone with her. As much as he enjoyed hanging out with his best friend, Albus wasn't nearly as pretty as Rose, nor did he smell as good. And there was the small matter that Albus didn't allow him to grope his breasts sometimes over his jumper. In these respects, Rose had him beat. He kissed a line up her neck. "Forget about that." She giggled. " Scorpius. We can't be snogging in a train compartment. Anyone could just walk in." He continued in his ministrations to her throat. "You're a witch." He captured her lips in a fierce kiss. "Lock it." Albus walked down the car of the train looking for an empty compartment. What exactly did Rose mean when she said 'a lot of guys' like Monica? Not that he cared, but it would be nice to know if she was snogging other blokes. He totally didn't care. His self-delusional reverie was interrupted when Simon Jenkins, a fellow Slytherin friend of Albus and Scorpius, nearly ran into him. "H-oooly shit , Simon. What happened to you?" "Well, hello to you too, arsehole." Simon was sporting an angry-looking sunburn. "Just got back from holiday with Mum and Dad." "Where the fuck did you go ? The surface of the sun?" "Hertfordshire." Albus raised an eyebrow. "Snazzy." "My parents are members of this stupid Caravan Club. Two weeks in a motor home parked in a field with my Mum and Dad, some old DVDs and a game of Scrabble. Trust me. The sunburn was the most exciting thing that happened to me." Albus was immediately interested. One of the things that initially drew him to Simon was his heritage. Simon was Muggle-born. The first Muggle-born Slytherin since…well…the data was not available on that, which indicated that it might not exist. "A caravan? What exactly was that like? Did it have a kitchen? How did you guys—" "I'm going to stop you right there, mate. It was fucking dull. It rained for the first week and a half and when the sun finally came out, this happened to me within a few hours. My holiday was shite. I'm glad to be back." Albus shrugged. "Did you at least give your mum my sponge recipe?" Simon sighed. "Yeah, I did. But I think you misunderstand her. Just because she's a Muggle doesn't mean she knows how to use an oven. We get our pudding from a tin." Albus cringed at the thought. "If you're looking for a compartment, I'd avoid the one at the end. Scorpius and Rose are probably snogging each other raw by now." Simon grimaced. "Should we try to find our own then?" Albus shrugged. "I guess." A bit further down, Albus recognized the familiar black hair and lace up boots of one Monica Flint leaning against the open door of a compartment. "I don't know, Padraig. I don't really do Hogsmeade." Albus stilled. Are you fucking kidding me? He tried to recall that name. Padraig. Padraig. Obviously some Irish