Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: This one shot is dedicated to Silverfires who had faith in me to do Embry and Leah justice. I hope I did. *fingers crossed* It Happened One Night By Lady of Spain . . . . . What was that scent? It was driving him crazy. Embry sniffed at the air again, and he wasn't the only one—far from it. All of the wolves starting on patrol that evening were becoming agitated and the constant baying punctuated the still of night. With no vamps in the area, their edginess was inexplicable. Sam had all he could do to control the bunch. What was going on? The reason for their restlessness suddenly became clear as day, when Leah bounded into the clearing, just as restless if not more so than the males. She's mine , Paul growled. Quil nudged him aside. Over my dead body … Leah, run! Embry shouted in his head, as he stepped in their path. She hesitated for a few seconds, unsure of what would happen, then raced into the darkness to wait for the victor. Get outta my way, Call. You're my best friend, but all's fair in love and war … and this is war. You got that right; it is, and I'm ready for battle. Quil bared his teeth. You think you can take me? Paul chimed in. This is stupid; why do you want her? You've never even been with a freakin' woman before. You won't know what the hell you're doing. How hard can it be? If an idiot like you can master it, so can I, and I'll be damned if I let you get anywhere near her to prove me wrong. Paul let out a barking laugh. You're nuts if you believe you can beat both of us. The hackles on Embry's neck rose, and Quil and Paul were on him in an instant. He was determined to win out. He'd had enough of being relegated to the status of a second class citizen of the Quileute tribe ... enough of being looked down upon as the bastard child of a father who didn't have the decency to claim him as his own. Tonight, Embry would clash with his pack-mates, fighting for his honor and the privilege of mating with the she-wolf. It was a matter of pride. Embry and Paul were pretty evenly matched, but he knew if he could provoke him, Mr. Volatility was bound to make a mistake. And he did … With his teeth firmly gripping the top of his opponent's scull, he tore off a strip of fur from the hot-head. Realizing how vain the other wolf was; he was certain Paul would lose focus and sure enough—. Goddammit, Call. It's gonna take forever to grow my hair back. Paul lunged at him, Embry sidestepped, and his adversary crashed into a tree, knocking the wind from his chest. Quil was immediately in the fray, clawing and biting, but Embry wouldn't back down even though his friend outweighed him by at least thirty-five pounds … of pure muscle. Lahote by now, had gotten his breath back, and the three tumbled about; yips, growling and bloodcurdling howls ringing through the forest. It was definitely time for Sam to step in and break up the fracas before someone got seriously injured … or more likely, killed. This is stopping right now. None of you is mating with the Alpha female. Do I make myself clear? Only the Alpha male can sire pups. That leaves me to do the job, so stand down! At his command, Quil and Paul got on their bellies in a display of submission, but Embry would not. You didn't want her before. What gives you the right to be her mate now? Sam walked forward and in the voice of authority, said, Do I need to spell it out? You know as well as I do. It's the right of the Alpha male. Not for long. I'm challenging you. Quil and Paul were both in shock. You are in way over your head, Call, Paul chided. Maybe so, but the time has come. Sam, get ready to defend your title. With a ferocity that he never knew he possessed, Embry pounced on Sam. The two whirled about like competing cyclones among the forest bracken, tearing flesh away from bone; the snarling and thrashing creating a sonorous tumult that shook the very trees around them. The alpha was bigger, but the younger wolf was wiry and quick. In the few minutes that ensued, the incumbent Alpha was lying on his back, panting for air, with Call atop the other wolf, fangs poised over the pulsing artery in his throat. Do you yield? Sam nodded his furry head, and licked blood that was seeping from his mouth. Yes. Embry lifted his paws off Sam's chest, and backed away, straightening to his full stature. You hear that, guys? Say hello to your new Alpha. Paul's head shot up, looking at the victorious usurper. Are you sh**ing me? You want another go, Paul? I'm game. He lowered his head down over his crossed paws. Maybe some other time. I'm too tired. What about you, Quil? Nah … you always were the brains, Em. More power to ya. Embry let loose with a howl of triumph, and raced away to track down Leah. # # # # # The she-wolf didn't know who or what to expect, only that she was ready to flip out if one of the wolves didn't mate with her soon. The urge was that strong. She wondered who would win the inevitable battle to claim her. Oh, damn, she remembered somewhere she read that only the Alpha male was permitted to take the female of his choice and father her whelps. Since she was the only choice, it stood to reason that she'd be the Alpha female. That meant—god, no, not Sam. Please, not Sam. Maybe Paul could outrun him and mark her before her ex got the chance to sink his meat hooks into her. Yeah, right—that outcome would be next to nil. All Sam had to do was give his executive order and Paul would be bowing down to almighty Uley. Maybe she should continue to run as Embry suggested. On second thought, what good would it do? Any of the pack members could track her scent wherever she'd gone, especially now that she was in heat. Heat … what a gross understatement. Leah was burning from the inside out. What the hell was taking so long? Her fur was gonna turn white from all this waiting. Either that or she'd spontaneously combust and set the whole forest on fire—one or the other—and neither prospect appealed to her. # # # # # Embry's paws pounded the earth, sending dry leaves and debris in a jet stream behind him. He zeroed in on that craze-inducing scent easily, and finally came to a screeching halt; his nails digging into the soft humus. There she was; the beautiful she-wolf. Leah must've been acutely aware of his arrival, because she was ready, her hind legs stretched out, close to the ground, and her tail flagged to one side, signally her intention to mate. The poor boy couldn't think. He was in a sexual frenzy … anxious, yet exhilarated at the same time. So focused on his impending task, all other thoughts fled from his mind, and Leah's mind seemed to be just as vacant. Did she even realize who it was claiming her? Did she even care? The mating lasted for hours, Leah demanding more and more from him. Ultimately, they both dropped to the forest floor, exhausted, and fell asleep. Embry coiled his body protectively about his mate and stayed with her throughout the rest of the night. # # # # # About time! She sensed his presence, but at that point she didn't care a hill o' beans who was mounting her, as long as he got the job done, and extinguish the fire blazing in her core. Leah kept her mate busy for half the night, joining, and re-joining, and filling the night air with their howls of joy. Good thing wolves had such great stamina. After the fifth go round, they collapsed together in a heap. She closed her eyes, and as she drifted into the oblivion of slumber, she felt her mate enveloping her in the soft fur of his body, enclosing her in a cocoon of safety. . . . . . Sunlight streamed through the canopy of trees the following morning. The two lovers had phased during their sleep, and woke up naked in each other's arms. Disoriented, Leah peeked out from under half-closed eyelids at the face attached to the muscular body she was holding onto. She practically shook with disbelief. Embry sensed Leah's movements, and turned his head in time to see her bewildered expression. He was just as bewildered. "What happened last night?" Her face was contorted; her eyes narrowed in concentration. "I'm not positive, but I think we …" Her hand absently rubbed at the rough scabs on her shoulder, and her eyes immediately darted to the teeth marks embedded there. "Oh my god. It wasn't a dream?" A wan smile found its way to his lips as he touted, "I guess not, and it was sure good while it lasted, huh?" Leah sat up with a jerk. "Wait—if all of it actually happened, then how is it that you got here first? I mean … I thought only the Alpha …" Bolstering himself on one elbow, he told her, "Yeah, well, you're lookin' at him, Lee." "Whaaaaat! No way! You're tellin' me that you took on the mighty Sam Uley, so you could claim me?" "Yup." Slapping him lightly on the chest, she exclaimed, "Damn, I'm impressed, Call." "Thanks." "And by the way, you were pretty good last night." "Yeah?" "Yeah, but now, can you do me another favor?" "Sure, anything. What can I do for you?" "I'm still feeling a bit twitchy." She placed her palm on Embry's cheek, stroking it. "Would you mind? But this time, let's stay human, huh?" He covered her hand, holding it in place. "You sure?" "Very." Embry pulled her close, and the young wolf-boy did her proud. Lying side by his side, facing each other afterwards, she admitted, "I'm glad it was you, Em. You've always been so quiet and sensitive. I like that in a guy. And you know what? You did everything perfectly. Not bad for your first time, eh?" A bright, red wave of color swarmed about his cheeks. "Really?" Snuggling back down against his shoulder, she said, "Would I lie about that? You know me, Em, I don't sugarcoat anything. It's the truth." A few minutes later, Leah asked, "I hate to say this, but, now what?" He squeezed her tight. "I don't know. I'm new at bein' Alpha. I guess I'll keep you by my side, make sure the schedule's set, and our people are safe from harm." Helping her up, Embry brushed the bits of dry leaves, and loose soil from her hair and skin. He then helped her with her cotton shift, and donned his own cutoffs. . . . . . When they returned to the clearing, the couple was surprised to see Paul, Quil, and Sam waiting there. With a scowl across her face, Leah snarked, "Whaddya all starin' at, freaks?" "Some things never change," Quil grumbled, rolling his eyes. "You said it," Paul added, in a petulant tone. Sam spoke not a word. He just glared at them, turned and headed home. Leah walked toward the remaining