AN: I know I promised this forever ago and I'm sorry. I hope it's long enough to make up for it. Thank you to all of you who are sticking with me. To all of my newer readers: buckle up. It's going to be a wild ride. :) Chapter 1: The Pull I looked over the forest from my perch in the tree. It was beautiful. I loved it out here. I was free to mingle with the elements without censor. No one else was around, but that was also the reason for the pain in my heart. Like it was attached to a string, and I was running out of slack string and out of room to run. I knew who held the string. The same person whose own string I held. He was the person who had always been there for me even when it put him in danger, and especially when I was in danger, Jasper. He was the light of my world; my reason for existing. He was the reason I was whole once more after years of being broken. He brought me back from the abyss and tended to my many wounds. He claimed I'd done the same for him, but I doubted it. Now we were getting married. So were Alice and Andrew. Alice was planning our weddings. My sister was so much simpler than the other Alice, my other sister. A pang of misery shot through me before I could shake it off. I missed her. Whatever punishment or hell Edward had landed in was too nice. He'd torn this family apart and hurt it so deeply even an eternity going through pain like that of the change would be too kind. I took a deep breath to calm myself. I couldn't let him control my life anymore. Jasper was right about that. I forced myself to refocus on the upcoming weddings. As I'd said this Alice was simpler. For her own wedding we were attempting to arrange something simple perhaps a day or two before my own. Mine was going to be bigger and based on the wedding theme the other Alice had never given him, but as soon as Rosalie heard of our plans two days ago they were shot down. With my perfect recall it wasn't hard to remember. "What do you mean your wedding's going to be small?" Rose hissed at Alice. "I don' have many people to invite: just all my siblings, Esme and Carlisle. That's only nine people." She argued. Rose smirked. "You're part of our family now, so there are people to invite." She informed us. "The Denali's," I questioned. Rose nodded scowling. "Yes and of the people who will be coming they are the ones I could do without seeing the most." She growled out. I groaned. I think I knew why. "They're going to try to steal our men!" Alice hissed out. Her eyes were black as night with rage, and I saw her muscles tense as if to lunge at someone who wasn't here. She wanted blood. I was pissed to. Jasper was mine! No one would take him from me. I caught sight of Rose's fearful expression as she saw our anger and it snapped me out of it. I reigned myself in quickly. "Alice we can't tear them apart. We'll let them come and make them realize Andrew and Jasper are ours and ours alone." She nodded in agreement. The gold returned to her eyes slowly and her muscles relaxed as she worked to calm down. When her eyes were fully gold once more I turned to Rose. "Sorry for scaring you." I apologized looking down. I felt horrible. She was my sister. I'd sworn to always protect her, and I scared her. "It's fine Bella. Don't worry about it." She waved it off smiling. "What are you smiling about?" I questioned. "You're so protective and territorial over my brother. I'm just happy he found someone like you. You're perfect together." Rose complimented. I embraced her as venom filled my eyes. She had no idea how much that meant to me. "Thank you Rose." "Okay now that the sentimental moment is over… who else is being invited?" Alice questioned. "Randall, Peter, and Charlotte are also coming. Garrett is unreachable so he won't be attending. So while it's still small those closest to us in this life will be here." Rose warned us. "Alright we'll change our wedding plans if it'll make you happy." Alice huffed, but I could tell she was excited. Rose nodded. "Alice, why don't we have a joint wedding? We can still use the army theme, because we've all been in the war. Would you mind if we had it be the civil war though? I really want to do it for Jasper." I explained in a low whisper. I didn't want him to hear me talking about wedding plans. Alice's eyes practically glowed with happiness. Rose was approving. "That's perfect Bella. Thank you." She said hugging me. When she released me I could see venom shining in her eyes. I smiled back at her nodding. We could have separate weddings next time we decided to tie the knot. I refocused on the forest around me. It was getting dark. I'd been more absorbed in my little flashback than I thought. I stood quickly and jumped from my perch. I was supposed to meet Alice at the house so we could go over wedding plans. Tomorrow we'd be going dress shopping. I tilted my head up and shut my eyes opening myself up to the rain. I loved to stand in the rain, but I needed to return home. I opened my eyes once more and ran through the trees. The closer I got to home the pull strengthened as if I'd run farther and out of string, but I knew it was because I was so close to the one who held my heart. I slowed to a walk as the house came into view. The pull vanished the second I saw Jasper. He was leaning against the house smirking at me. Could this man be any sexier if he tried? I didn't think so. He ran across the yard closing the distance between us and wrapped me in a hug. "I missed you Darlin." "I missed you too Jazz." I muttered into his shoulder. He pulled my lips to his for a quick kiss. I pouted when he pulled away which only made him smirk. I was internally doing a happy dance. I was getting a lot better about repressing the past when we kissed. I wasn't so afraid any more. I was hoping by the honeymoon I would be ready to take that last step with Jasper, but I seemed so far from ready. I was terrified of the thought of that day and worried I wouldn't be able to do it. While I knew he was willing to wait for me and take it as slow as I needed, but that didn't mean I didn't feel horrible for making him wait. If I was normal we would have already taken this step. He deserved so much more. He held me shoulder length apart and studied me. I kept my eyes on the ground. "Bella, you need to talk to me. Why do you feel like this?" He questioned looking tortured. I cast my eyes downwards. "Darlin, please look at me." He begged. He shouldn't have to beg for anything. I met his gaze quickly. "What has you feeling so scared and undeserving?" I shook my head and looked away. Why didn't he just give up on me? I wasn't worth it. "Darlin stop. You are worth it, and you deserve better than me." My head snapped up and my gaze locked with his. "Never say that. You're the only one I'll ever want. You are everything I want and need and more." I assured him. It hurt so much to hear him talking about himself like that. "I feel the same way when I hear you speaking poorly of yourself or when I feel your emotions reflecting negative thoughts about yourself. You're a beautiful, strong woman. Never doubt that." He said fiercely. I smiled slightly. "What did I ever do to deserve you?" "Everything," he replied stubbornly. I couldn't help the giggle that burst through my lips. "I love you Jazz." I reminded him smiling. "I love you too Darlin." He said pulling me to him once more. I buried my head in his chest and breathed in his heady scent. He rested his chin on the top of my head. I sighed contentedly. This was the way it should be. Bad memories seemed far away at the moment. Right now I was with Jasper and nothing could touch me. When he released me I grabbed his hand and pulled him up to his study. We settled down on the couch together. We wouldn't be making out tonight. We'd sit here wrapped in each other's arms enjoying the other's company. No words were spoken. None were needed. Being together was enough. "Bella, it's time to go shopping. Either you can come down here or I'll drag you down here." Rosalie threatened when morning rolled around. I groaned snuggling into Jasper more. "Five more minutes," I begged. I heard laughing from downstairs. Jasper pulled me closer to him. "As much as I want us to stay like this you should go before she comes in here." Jasper whispered in my ear. I shook my head and tried to pull myself even closer to him. "Darlin, you have to go eventually." He reasoned. I growled softly. He chuckled in response. I got up reluctantly. Ugh, why did I have to go dress shopping? Couldn't Alice just buy my dress? I was nearly out the door when he spun me around and pulled my lips to his in a passionate kiss. When we pulled apart we were both panting even though neither of us needed to breath. "Bye Jazz," I gave him a last chaste kiss before going downstairs. "Rose, I officially hate you." I grumbled. All the girls laughed. "You'll forgive me eventually." She predicted. I rolled my eyes. "Whatever Rose, let's go buy the damn dresses so I can come back." I grumbled following them out to the cars. We ended up taking two so we could fit everyone. We were taking the fastest cars, so there wasn't as much room for us. Every woman in the house was coming with Alice and I which didn't help much. They all wanted to see what our dresses looked like. Alice, Rose, and I were the only ones who knew what they looked like and the theme for the wedding. They were excited and curious as to what we were planning. When we offered to let them come with us they jumped at the chance to find out what we were planning. Rose was driving so Alice and I were free to talk about wedding plans. "What kind of flowers are we going to have?" Alice inquired. " Roses: Red, white, and off white with pink on the tips." I replied a second later. They both looked at me. "That wasn't specific or anything." Rose commented laughing as she looked back at the road. "What's your reasoning?" "It's from a poem I read when I was seventeen." "What poem?" Alice questioned. "I meant seventeen the first time around. Back when I was human." I informed her smiling. "The red rose whispers of passion, and the white rose breathes of love; O the red rose is a falcon, and the white rose is a dove. But I send you a cream-white rosebud. With a flush on its petal tips; for the love that is purest and sweetest has a kiss of desire on the lips. It's called: A White Rose by John Boyle O'Reilly." "You're right: Those are