Sara Holthouse A Hunger Games story with my cows as the main characters The White Tower The Hunger Games with my cows Chapter 1 Katy `I sat at a table in my study lab room with my best friends, Primrose, Eclipse and Hazelnut. I didn't have any homework to do, so I was reading. I'm not sure really what my friends were doing. I guess they were just being themselves. We were the only ones in the room right then, except for the teacher. None of the other kids in our study lab really liked the teacher, so they all went to the library or someplace else. We were only in ninth grade, and the youngest in our study lab, because all the others were tenth grade and higher. So, no one really paid any attention to us anyway. I guess you're probably wondering why we have such weird names. Well, where we lived, those names were almost normal. Honestly, my parents' names are Snapdragon and Bluebell. Even the study lab teacher's name is Mr. Shanky! But, I guess that was just the way everyone was where we lived. I was distracted from what I was reading, by Prim asking me a question. I didn't hear it at first, so I looked up and asked, "What?" "I said, what do you think of the new kid, Eoywn?" Prim said. "I think she's named after someone from 'The Lord of the Rings'," I replied, looking back down at my book. "And?" Eclipse asked. I looked back up, and was about to answer, when the TV flickered on behind us. Prim and Eclipse looked up at it. Hazelnut and I had to turn around. The TV was on a news channel, and it was showing jet planes and helicopters sending weird, mesh like cage things into windows of classrooms, and taking out groups of kids. "We're not sure what their purpose is, nor who they are or why no one is stopping them," the news reporter said. "But, until they go away I suggest hiding all your students in the lower levels with no windows." The TV went off. I looked at Mr. Shanky, to see what he wanted us to do. He was sitting at his desk, as rigid as a statue, staring straight ahead and not even blinking. "Mr. Shanky?" I asked. He still didn't move. I stood up and walked over. I waved my hand in front of his face. Still nothing. I turned back to my friends. They'd all stood up too. "What's going on?" Hazelnut asked. I had no answer, so I just shook my head. There was a buzzing noise right outside the window next to me. I looked at it, and slowly started backing up. Something crashed into the window, and it burst. Glass rained everywhere. Prim, Eclipse, Hazelnut and I shielded our faces. A helicopter hovered outside the window. One of the mesh cage things flew through the window. "Duck!" Eclipse exclaimed. We all jumped to the floor. I slid into the wall, and heard Primrose scream. I pulled myself up. Prim was being picked up on the edge of the cage. "No!" I exclaimed. I ran forward, and grabbed Prim around the waist. Prim fell. I followed, but something grabbed me from behind, and pulled me up into the cage. "Katy!" Prim yelled. She got up from where she'd fallen to the floor. "Run!" I yelled at my friends. "Get out of here!" They all turned and ran towards the door. Prim made it out the door. Something snaked out of the sides of the cage and grabbed onto the back of Eclipse and Hazelnut. "No!" I said. Before they could react, the things pulled Eclipse and Hazelnut into the cage with me. "Guys!" Prim exclaimed, coming back into the room. The cage closed around us, and began going back into the helicopter. "Primmy!" I yelled, standing up and running to the edge of the cage. "Prim go get help! We'll be fine! Just go get help!" Prim nodded, turned and ran out of the room. I backed up, and sat down beside Eclipse and Hazelnut. I didn't know what was going on. And I didn't know, that that would be the last time I would see Prim for a while. Chapter 2 Primrose Well it was shaping up to be a pretty crappy morning. But, I didn't let worry for my friends distract me. The second I was out of the room, I went running down the hall, and into the nearest room, looking for help. The teacher in that room was as frozen as Mr. Shanky. So, I kept going. Every room I went into it was the same. And there were no kids in any of the rooms. It looked like I was the only one who'd managed to escape. And that was a problem. It took me about an hour to get through the whole school. I was very tired by the time I got to the last room, and I was about to give up hope. I opened the door, and came face to face with the new girl, Eoywn. She was holding a pen. At first, I wasn't sure why, and then she jumped forward at me. "Whoa, hey!" I exclaimed, jumping out of the way. "Are you one of them?!" she demanded, jumping at me again. I jumped passed her, and into the room. "One of whom?" I asked. "Them!" Eoywn exclaimed. "The people that just took everyone away and froze all the teachers! Are you here to take me away too?!" "No," I said, attempting to calm her down. "I'm Prim. Our lockers are next to each other. I'm in your class." Eoywn looked at me carefully, and then dropped the pen. "Yes, I remember you," she said. "Did you escape too?" "Yeah," I replied. "But they took my friends. I've been looking for help, but all the rooms are the same. We're the only ones who got away." Eoywn sighed, and buried her face in her hands for a second. She looked up at me, and started to laugh. "What?" I asked after a few minutes of this. "You know what my parents told me this morning before I left?" she asked. "They said this school would be different. They said I wouldn't be an outsider. They told me I'd be accepted. They told me I'd have many adventures. I guess they didn't know how much they were right, eh?" She sat down in a chair. Her laughing slowly turned into sobs. Not sure what else to do, I sat down beside her, and put my arm around her shoulders. "What do we do now?" she asked after she was done crying. "We need to help the kids that were being taken away by those helicopters and planes," I said, thinking. "We know the people driving the planes froze all the teachers…but what about the people outside the school? What about our parents?" Eoywn looked up at me. Slowly, she nodded. "Yes," she said. "Yes, that might work." "Alright, follow me," I said. I jumped to my feet. Eoywn did too. We left the room, and ran downstairs. I ran down to the front entrance of the school where the school phone was. I picked up the phone, and dialed my number. I knew my dad should be home, and should be there to pick up the phone. My dad was an author, and usually worked from home. After a few minutes, someone answered the phone on the other side. "Hello?" my father asked. "Dad!" I said. "Prim?" he asked, surprised. "Prim what's going on?" I told him everything that had occurred in the last hour. "Eoywn and I were the only ones to escape, and all the teachers are frozen," I finished. "Who's Eoywn?" my dad asked. "She's the new kid in my class I was talking about yesterday," I said. "We're alone in the school right now. I know you're friends with the sheriff and other important people that can help, so can you contact them and come to the school. We need to figure out a way to get them back." "Primmy, I know you miss your friends, and want to help get them back, but don't do anything until we get there," dad said. "Okay," I said. Dad hung up. I put the phone down. I turned to look at Eoywn. "Help is coming," I said. Eoywn nodded. "So, now what do we do while we wait?" she asked. I shrugged. Noise flickered through the school from rooms down the hall. It sounded like all the TV's in the school had turned on. Eoywn walked towards the closest room. I followed. We came in sight of the TV in time to see a burly man, with a big beard and long, black, thick hair appear on the screen. "Hello to the world," he said. "As most of you well know by now, I and some of my compatriots have taken most of your children out of your schools about an hour ago. We are planting them in a forest where none of you will be able to get to them. They will fight each other for survival until one lone victor remains. I won't reveal why yet, but you will be able to watch on the television to see their progress. It starts tomorrow." The TV turned off. I looked at Eoywn. "They're gonna make them kill each other!" she exclaimed. "Yes," I said. "And they're gonna make us watch." I turned back towards the door, and began walking towards the hall. "Where are we going?" Eoywn asked as she began to follow. "I don't know," I replied. "But we have to do something. It's too late to wait for the adults." Chapter 3 Eclipse The cage deposited Katy, Hazelnut and I off in the middle of an unfamiliar forest. I wasn't sure how far we'd traveled, but I could tell it was a long way from home. If I wasn't so confused about what had just happened in the last hour and a half, I would probably have been scared. "What are we here for?" Hazelnut muttered. There was a sound like a microphone turning on above our heads, or like a loud speaker turning on. "I think we're about to find out," I replied. "Hello," a deep voice said. It was very loud, and sounded like it echoed over the whole forest. Definitely loud speaker, I thought. "I'm sure all of you here are wondering why we have brought you here," the man continued. "Well, I guess you could say, we've brought you here to make an impression on the world. Your objective here is to survive. And to do that you will have to fight each other, to the death. No one gets out of here, until one victor remains. And once we let that lone victor out, we will promise you that we will never bother you again, and life will go on for you as if nothing ever happened. And now, the fight begins." The loud speaker turned off. I looked over at Katy and Hazelnut. "Well great," Katy said. "Now, we've got half of the kids in the world out to kill us." "Not to mention, they want us to be against each other too," I pointed out. "But, that's not going to happen right?" Hazelnut asked. "No," I said. "It's not. Because we are friends, and we are not going to kill each other. And we have to remember, Prim is still out there. We just have to survive, until she finds a way to get us out of here." Hazelnut nodded slowly. "Yes," Katy said. "Now, let's go see what we're up against." We started walking through the forest. We saw a few different kids on the way, but none of them paid us much attention. "We need food and water," I