Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters or locations mentioned below. This work of fanfiction is to be used solely for creative purposes and in no way for profit. It takes a long time before I am truly comfortable being alone with Peeta. This is no fault of his, though he sometimes blames himself. I am not afraid of him, not anymore. I try to tell him this, but words still are not my strong point. I can tell it bothers him when he touches me and I flinch or pull away. It is not his contact that I mind. I just cannot seem to shake the feeling that people are watching us. After years of us being under constant surveillance, the fact that he is truly mine, that there are no cameras, no adoring fans, no script to follow, is difficult to grapple with. Though Peeta does not know it, I add this fact to my lists of truths I tell myself each morning. My name is Katniss Everdeen. I am 18 years old. I live in the new District 12. My mother is in District 8, my sister is gone. Peeta and I live alone. The last fact is the only one that gives me any comfort. My favorite times of the day are when Greasy Sae has gone home, when Haymitch is safely in his house a few yards away and when it is just Peeta, standing in the kitchen or curled on the couch, alone with me. It was an unspoken agreement that he would move into my house from the moment I saw the primrose bushes he had planted. I could not live alone, certainly not when it was within my power to have him here, and neither of us wanted him down the road, in the house filled with the ghosts of his family. He tried to take the bedroom down the hall from me, saying it would be safer. I allow him this because he seems to need it for now. But nearly every night after a nightmare, I end up tucked in bed by his side like a child. He never says anything, just pulls the covers back and opens his arms. And like iron to a magnet, I crawl into his embrace. He does not kiss me. Not anymore. Perhaps he thinks I want it this way, that my affections were only a ploy for the cameras. I pretend this does not bother me. It is not until Haymitch broaches the subject that I begin to form a plan in my mind. "So you're not a couple?" he asks me one spring day after the war. His tone is incredulous. We are sitting in his yard, which despite that fact that it is almost completely neglected, has begun to blossom with wild grass and dandelions. I am playing with a dandelion, twirling its thin green stem between my fingers and thinking of Peeta. Haymitch's geese squawk greedily around us as he feeds them. "I don't know what that means," I answer. And truthfully, I do not. I have never been any good at this sort of thing. Haymitch snorts. "You know what it means. You've pretended enough for the cameras." "That's just it," I say, letting the golden yellow flower fall from my fingers, "I'm sick of pretending. I don't know how not to pretend." I feel a panic attack coming on and press my hands to my temples. My name is Katniss Everdeen. I live next door to Haymitch Abernathy. I have no idea how to be in a romantic relationship. "You could try kissing him," Haymitch takes a swig from his bottle while tossing out another handful of dried bread crumbs that Peeta brings him from the bakery. His hair is getting long, but I am glad to see he has combed it. The dark hair, once the same hue as my own, is streaked with white. The strands stand out, brittle and dry among their darker, sleeker companions. "I don't think he would believe it was real," I am ashamed at how I cannot hide the sadness in my voice as I say this. Haymitch picks up on it. "So show him it's real," he tells me. He takes another pull of his precious liquor. I frown at the sight. At least he is outside. I did not see him for weeks when we first got back. I was too afraid to go into his house, afraid of seeing him at his worst. We both did not start living again until Peeta came back. "How?" I am desperate for guidance. "You're going to have to figure out a way, sweetheart." We lapse into silence. The creased lines of his face deepen as he loses himself in thought. Not for the first time, I wish that Haymitch had someone for himself. But he is the consummate loner; Peeta and I will have to be enough for him. I think about Peeta as I am hunting that afternoon. Though it is painful, I call to memory interactions between my father and mother. I never questioned their love, their commitment to one another. I could bring him something, like my father did my mother. Something more intimate than the game I normally bring. I scour my mind for something Peeta would enjoy and come up empty. In frustration I throw my bow, screaming a little at the unfairness of it all. Peeta is the one who is good at romantic gestures, not me. My bow goes tumbling behind some bushes and I grudgingly follow it, taking no care to be quiet. I have already brought down a few rabbits today. It will have to be enough now that I have scared any potential game off. I have stopped using snares to trap food. That was Gale's area of expertise. Just the sight of a trap now turns my stomach. I turn my mind to the task at hand. The smooth wood of my most prized possession has landed in a soft pile of wildflowers. I inspect the handle and am relieved to see that I did not damage it in my childish fit of anger. I look around at the flowers, scenes of the games threatening to rush through my mind. They are beautiful, a rainbow of colors, overlapping and blending like they have no idea of the horrors of the world. Peeta would love them. The thought barely crosses my mind before I am on my knees, gathering huge bunches of them in my fist. I pick them in every color until I cannot hold them all in my hand and am forced to bind them together with a length of cloth from my shirt. The bouquet grows into something behemoth but I cannot stop. Carefully I arrange it as best I can, until it is a spiral of colors that remind me of him. Orange, the soft kind like a sunset, for his favorite color. White for Rue, and the painting he made of her. Yellow, pale blue, lilac, gold, for the paints in which he recreates the faces of our friends, for the frosting of his cookies, for the cheese bread he bakes because he knows it is my favorite. I carefully gather them all and bring them back to the house. He is not home when I arrive, and I am thankful. I want this to be a surprise. I find the largest bowl we own and fill it with clean water before dunking the flowers inside of it. I stand back to admire my handiwork, but I am still unsatisfied. In a fit of inspiration I plunge back outside, rushing for Haymitch's house. I run into his yard, his geese honking in protest, and gather every dandelion I can find. They may look plain in comparison to the wildflowers, but I bind them together and place them in the center of the bouquet. The dandelions mean more to me than any other flower in the world. As a final flourish I run upstairs and to my dresser where I extract my small box of treasures. Peeta's pearl, his gift to me from our last arena, is still wrapped in the remnants of a gamemaker's parachute. I extract it carefully, cupping it in the palm of my hands, and take it downstairs to the flowers. I place it on top of the dandelions, saying a silent prayer that it will stay there and not fall. Convinced at last that my efforts have been enough, I sprint upstairs and run myself a bath. My patchwork skin has begun to heal, to take on a single pink color, but I am still scarred. I hope Peeta will not mind. I scrub myself until I am almost raw and then smooth on the lotions that my mother left in the house. I comb out my mat of dark hair, finally long and thick again, and leave it down in waves. Seizing my courage, I open the closet. I nearly cry at the sight of all of the clothing that Cinna left to me. They remind me of him instantly, the colors, the fabrics, the smells. I sift through them, letting the memories wash over me, surprised to find that they do not send me into one of my episodes. I select a simple dress, colored to look like flames, though not the garish kind I am used to. This one looks like heat itself, like the sun setting. It is perfect. I slip it on over my head, feeling as though Cinna is there smiling at me. "You're beautiful, girl on fire," I hear his voice echo in my mind. I hope that Peeta will think so too. I do not bother with makeup. I have no idea where to start anyway. The dress will have to be enough. I stare at my reflection in the mirror, waiting for Peeta to get home. My gray eyes look haunted, but I recognize the face reflected back at me; I am no longer the beautiful tribute from District 12, not even the fierce Mockingjay who led the rebellion. For the first time since my reaping, I feel like myself: Katniss Everdeen, the huntress, the daughter, the sister. With any luck, tonight I could become Katniss, the lover. The thought makes my mind go funny. There have only been a few instances since Peeta and I began our long journey together that made me think we could be something more than tributes. Now it seems to be all that I think about. I feel anxious for Peeta to get home. He arrives at the time he always does, just before sunset, his familiar uneven gait sounding through the otherwise empty house. I make myself count to ten before I rush from the bedroom and down the stairs. He always goes to the kitchen first, even though he has spent the whole day in a similar one in the bakery. Like the woods for me, the kitchen is his domain. He has even painted the walls to suit him. They are scenes that I instantly recognize, though no one else might: the sand of the beach where we kissed, the inside of our cave from our first games, the field of flowers where I sang Rue to sleep. I was surprised to find that I do not hate them. When Peeta does not call out to me the way he always does, I feel myself getting nervous. Perhaps he hates the gift. Men typically give flowers, not receive them. The doubts creep up, but I shove them back and tentatively enter the kitchen. Peeta is standing there, dressed in the simple black pants and green shirt he left the house this morning in. His ashen blonde hair is streaked with a layer of flour, but his hands and face are clean. He does not even look up at me as I enter.