Author's Note: Hello, everyone! I have finally gotten off the stick and begun part two of my Boromir Saga. If you have not read "The Captain and the King," you may find the setup for "The Steward's Tale" a bit confusing. You will not, for instance, have a clue how Boromir survived Parth Galen and happened to be around four years after Aragorn's crowning. However, if you're willing to take certain things - like a live Boromir - on faith, you can probably get through this story without reading the first one. Or you could just go read the other one, and by the time you get back, maybe I'll have another chapter posted... :) My deepest thanks to Annys and Bookwyrm for keeping my nose to the grindstone and making sure (through plenty of nag... uhhh... encouragement) that I didn't let this sequel slip through the cracks. And thanks to Annys for discovering Borlas! Enjoy! -- plasticChevy *** *** *** Chapter 1: Progress The clash and ring of metal striking metal filled the air, frightening the morning chorus of birdsong into silence. In the wide, empty space of the practice yard, two men circled each other, their booted feet scuffing on damp earth and sawdust, their swords flashing in the pale sunlight as they hacked and lunged and parried. The day was clear and cold, with the bite of winter in the air, yet the men were sweating heavily beneath their gear, warmed by their exercise and the heat of battle in their veins. So intent were they on their contest of arms that they did not feel hunger, thirst or the cut of the wind on their faces. The slight figure huddled on the wall to watch them, clad in the sober livery of a royal squire, was not so fortunate. With no battle lust to warm her and no combat to distract her from her stomach's complaints, she was both cold and hungry. But she made no sound, offered no protest, and merely pulled her cloak more closely about her shoulders when the wind gusted. She might have no part in the skirmish, but she watched it as keenly as any captain drilling his troops, and when a blade whistled too near a helmed head for comfort, her grip on her cloak tightened until her knuckles showed white. It would never have occurred to Gil to leave her post and seek shelter from the winter chill. She was the Steward's Squire, sworn to her lord's service and proud to keep her place at his side. Where Boromir went, Gil went before him, and when he reached for her, she was there - even if it meant that she must sit quietly by while he and his brother tried their best to dismember each other. Faramir's sword came whistling down in a vicious arc toward Boromir's helm. For a moment, it seemed as though he would cleave his brother's head in two, then Boromir's sword came up to parry the blow and caught the blade on his hilts. Swords locked, muscles strained, and mighty arms strove to master those pitted against them. With a tremendous heave, Boromir at last thrust aside his brother's weapon, and Faramir fell back, breathing hard. He had barely recovered his balance when Boromir abruptly changed tactics and charged in, sword flashing. Faramir moved with startling speed, sidestepping his onrushing opponent and disarming him with a deft twist of his own blade. Even as Boromir's sword went flying, Faramir swept his legs out from under him, knocked him flat on his back, and brought the point of his sword to the Steward's throat. No one moved for a long, quiet moment. Then Faramir lowered his sword and said, "You were doing quite well, until you tried to disembowel me, Brother." "How am I to win such a contest if I cannot disembowel my enemy? Or lop off an arm, at the very least?" Faramir uttered a longsuffering sigh and pulled off his helm to run a hand through his matted hair. "The point of this exercise is not to win a contest of arms but to defend against attack." Boromir made a disgusted noise in his throat and sat up. "Much good that will do me." "It may keep you alive," his brother pointed out. Boromir climbed to his feet, shedding bits of sawdust from his clothing as he did so. "Only if I am fighting you." He looked around the enclosure in exaggerated confusion. "Might I trouble you for my sword?" Faramir retrieved the weapon and handed it to him, chuckling. His brother's sour mood neither surprised nor daunted him, used as he was to bearing with it whenever Boromir began to chafe at his clumsiness. That he was, in truth, ably defending himself against a concerted attack by the finest warrior in Gondor meant nothing to Boromir, when he found himself disarmed and dispatched, again and again, by his younger brother. Progress was not enough for Boromir of Gondor. He wanted victory, and he wanted it now. "Come, try it again," Faramir urged, as he donned his helm, "and do not grow over eager. You will succeed in disemboweling me, in time, but first you must prevent me from disemboweling you." Boromir grunted his assent and swung his blade, testing its weight and feel in his hand. Satisfied, he planted his feet firmly, lifted sword and shield in readiness, and nodded to his brother. They began again, moving slowly and deliberately at first while Boromir relaxed into the deep concentration needed for battle, then more quickly, more fiercely, as Faramir began to press him. To Gil, who sat very still upon the wall, her eyes never leaving the figure of her liege lord, the combat seemed a thing both beautiful and frightening. She knew nothing of warfare, but she had watched the brothers drill and spar and fight in earnest for several months now - since the first day that Boromir had finally pressured Faramir into undertaking his training - and so she knew much of Boromir's skill with a sword. She had watched the innate grace and strength return to his limbs, watched him remember the artistry learned over a lifetime, and watched with a secret thrill of pride as he threw himself headlong into the joy of battle. Combat was fairly joined and heating up nicely when the patter of running feet drew Gil's eyes away. She turned to see a small figure pelting down the path from the armory, black cloak flapping behind him in his haste. Gil promptly swung her feet to the outside of the wall, hopped down, and strode swiftly to meet him. He had nearly reached the end of the yard, where a break in the wall gave access to the armory and outbuildings, when Gil caught him. Her hand closed firmly on his shoulder, and she held a finger to her lips, silencing his intended cry. He was a page, by his dress, and little more than a child. Black hair blew in a snarl around his face, and grey eyes grew round with wonder at the sight of the two men fighting in the yard. Gil recognized him as Borlas, the younger son of Beregond, and newly come to King Elessar's service. He was a well-mannered and intelligent boy, like his brother before him, but had not yet learned the rules that governed life as a royal page - the most urgent rule being that no one distracted the Steward when he had a sword in his hand. Giving the boy an admonitory look, Gil escorted him the last few steps to the edge of the practice ground. There, she stood beside him, still gripping his shoulder to keep him both still and quiet, and waited for the skirmish to end. It lasted somewhat longer than the previous one. Boromir remembered to stay on the defensive, reining in his temper and the urge to press his attacker, letting the lighter, swifter, more maneuverable Faramir bring the battle to him. Faramir was breathing hard and sweating freely, losing some of the steel in his sinews, by the time he at last succeeded in disarming Boromir. He managed it by shifting his sword to his left hand and coming at him from an entirely unexpected direction. Boromir, with his uncanny prescience for when and where a blow would fall, sensed the blade's movement but not in time to counter it. Faramir sent his weapon spinning across the yard and rested his own sword upon Boromir's shoulder, in readiness to cut his head from his neck. "Surrender or die," the Prince said, lightly. Boromir growled and knocked the sword away with a leather-clad forearm. Gil saw that he was about to challenge his brother to another trial and deemed it time to intervene, lest Borlas's message never be delivered. Stepping forward, she cleared her throat loudly. Faramir's head came about with a start, and he let his sword fall to his side. "What is it, Gil? Who is this?" "A messenger from the Citadel, my lords." Boromir pulled the helm from his head and turned unerringly to find her with his blind gaze. "From Aragorn?" he demanded. She felt Borlas stiffen at the sight of his stern, handsome face and the black cloth that covered his eyes, and she could picture the expression of pale, dry-mouthed fear the page wore without looking. Gil did not understand why others found Boromir's shrouded gaze so unnerving; she thought the bandage as much a part of his face as his neatly-trimmed beard or his rare, brilliant smiles. But nearly everyone reacted in much the same way upon first meeting the Steward of Gondor - with surprise, awkwardness, or outright fear - and the younger the person, the less well he concealed it. The Steward had worn the black bandage every waking moment for nearly four years, since a blow from an orc blade had crushed his face, destroyed his eyes and condemned him to a lifetime of darkness. Many things had changed since that day, many wounds had healed, and Boromir was no longer the broken, despairing man who had been cast into the dungeons of Isengard. But he was still blind. And out of vanity or pride or courtesy to those who must look upon him, he kept his ruined eyes covered. Gil glanced down at Borlas, waiting for him to speak, and gave him a nudge when he did not. The boy started violently, then stepped forward, squaring his shoulders and swallowing audibly. "The King sends his compliments," he recited, his voice squeaking slightly with nerves, "and asks that my lord Steward and Prince Faramir attend him in the Tower at their earliest convenience!" Boromir grunted and turned away to look for his sword. Borlas, who had clearly expected a more eloquent response, glanced at Gil in confusion. She gave him a humorous look but offered no help. Summoning his courage, Borlas asked, "Shall I take some answer to the King, my lords?" "Aye," Boromir said distractedly, scuffing a toe in the dirt, absorbed in his search for the missing weapon. Faramir retrieved it from where it lay by the wall and returned it to his brother. Then he doffed his helm and turned to the flustered boy. "Our humble duty to the King, and we will wait upon him with all possible haste," he said gravely. Borlas favored him with a wide, relieved smile, bowed courteously, and sped back up the road toward the city. Faramir watched him curiously, until he felt Boromir's hand close around his arm. Then he started toward Gil, musing, "I wonder to what purpose Aragorn has summoned us?" "Taleris has returned," Boromir said. "Did you not hear the trumpets at the Harlond, heralding his arrival?" "I did not mark them." They reached the edge of the yard and stepped onto the sere, winter grass of the greensward that lay before the