Winter of 1999 Hogwarts had begun in the winter of 1999, and snow was at least half a meter thick. The white cold fluffy snow was falling almost everyday, annoying all the students at Hogwarts, who longed for hot and sticky summer. At the beginning of Winter everyone was excited, ready to play in the snow but after a few weeks, snow lost it's fun. Quidditch had been canceled much to the displeasure of those who attended Hogwarts. The Gryffindor's had been especially vocal about this. Oh! Did I forget to mention that the whole gang came back for their 8th year including some from others from the other houses? Re-rolling the piece of parchment, Headmistress McGonagall's face was sour, not liking the fact that her Lion's couldn't dominate the cancelled matches, she left to her seat at the teacher's table. A loud outcry from the Gryffindor's was expected. The Hufflepuff's looked down but didn't dwell on it, the Ravenclaw's didn't seem to care and the Slytherin's scowled and muttered under their breaths."It's not fair Professor-I mean Headmistress! You can't stop us from playing Quidditch!" Ron Weasley yelled. McGonagall's mouth was a straight line as she tried to quieten down the rowdy bunch. "Sit down now!" she ordered angrily. The Gryffindors shut their mouths, not wanting detention. "Now that everyone's quiet, I have another announcement to make. Our potion's professor has gone on holiday for the rest of the year, here to take the place is previous Potion's master and previous headmaster, Severus Snape!" her voice echoed loud through the hall. "But Professor Snape is dead!" a Hufflepuff interrupted. McGonagall silenced her with a quick look before continuing,"Settle down. After the war, Professor Snape was badly injured but not dead, he was in a coma. A few weeks ago I received news that Professor Snape was awake and wanted to return to Hogwarts. He has been granted position of deputy headmaster and Potions Professor. Please welcome Professor Snape!" McGonagall announced. Everyone's jaws dropped when the Great Hall's door burst open to reveal the grumpy Professor Snape, greasy hair and all. The Slytherin's getting over their shock began to clap and cheer, huge grins on their faces. Harry Potter sat wide-eyed, shocked, angry (but that was disappearing) and surprisingly relieved. Snape walked to the teacher's table, cloak blowing behind him. Some Ravenclaw's began to clap, then the Hufflepuff's and then almost reluctantly the Gryffindors. Harry clapped politely. The spotlight was on Snape, "Good day students" he began,"I am thankful to be back teaching you". Maybe it was his unenthusiastic expression or maybe it was the clear irritation in his tone but everyone got the feeling that he was not happy to be back teaching potions. "For those who do not know me and my methods, I expect you to be right on time to my class, to listen carefully and not mess around, at all. You shall be punctual at all times while in my class, and I will not tolerate foolishness" Snape drawled, frightening the first years shitless. Turning his attention to the Gryffindor table, ever so slightly, his eyes met Harry's. Something in those eyes, deep inside, that Harry had never seen before, warmth lurked. "And for those who do know me, I hope that you will accept me back, and act appropriately". Harry knew, that in some way Snape was apologising. He nodded and Snape averted his own gaze back to the whole room. Then Snape left and waltzed out the hall. "They're letting Snape back?" Ron bellowed after McGonagall dismissed announcements. "Sorey 'Arry" Ron muttered, as he stuffed his face, not sounding sorry at all. "I don' think the git redeemed himself. " his face stuffing was getting really bad...and disgusting. "Ron!" Hermione scolded her boyfriend for his manners while she kicked him under the table. "Wha'?" Ron yelped food spilling out. Harry contained the urge to belch. "She's trying to tell you not to talk when you're eating, shouldn't 'Mione not be able to understand you and not the other way around?" Harry asked Ron. Ron scowled at Harry and as it free package, Harry also got a complementary glare with it. After the war, even after their friendship had supposedly grown stronger after the hunt of the Horcrux, something had been pushing the two males head to head. Hermione gave Harry a pitying look and then tried to break the tension with a really lame joke. "What did the quill say to the parchment? You Ink!" she said before chuckling to herself. Ron looked at Hermione funnily before resuming eating. "It was a good joke, Hermione, really" Neville trying to be nice. Hermione frowned before talking to Luna on her right. Since not a lot of the 7th year students before came back, all the 8th years sat at one table with 7th years welcome. On the right the Gryffindors, and Hufflepuffs, the Ravenclaws and then on the left the Slytherins. On the foot of the table sat Harry Potter and facing him, on the far left was the ever so smug Draco Malfoy on the head of the table. Malfoy smirked at him, holding his goblet of illegal fire-whiskey in a mock toast. Harry did the same. Malfoy turned away, paying attention to the conversation he was having with Blaise Zabini. Malfoy had grown over the summer. He was now standing at 5'9, his slate grey eyes were as stunning as ever, he was clean shaven and his platinum blond hair was silky and long so it had to be tied back in a low pony. A scarlet bow held it together. "You okay, Harry?" Neville asked, seeing who Harry was staring at. Before Harry could answer McGonagall vanished the food and began to speak. "For all 8th years, you shall be given a schedule as normal but with 1 subject that is new and also different. To all those who want to know more about this subject please go to Professor Snape. Thank you, now please enjoy the delicious dessert". With in an instant dessert and puddings were on the tables and everyone was gleefully digging in. "What do you think this new subject is, Harry?" Hermione asked curiously. "Don't know but we'll soon find out" Harry responded as he dished in. The night had passed, warily. The 8th year students all looked excited to find out what this new subject was. McGonagall led them all to 7th floor, zipping through hallways. They ran to catch up. "Here we are now" McGonagall said as she stopped in front of a portrait. There was a man in the portrait who was dressed in clothing that looked from the, he was haughty looking. He had pale blond hair that was tied up, grey slate eyes, a mouth that curved into a smirk and a pointy looking jaw. He held a book in his hands, the book's cover was engraved with an M and a Peacock. Harry realised who this portrait was of. "Great, Great, Great Grandfather!" Draco pushed his way through the crowd, elbowing the ex-Gryffindors and Hufflepuffs on purpose. The Portrait's eyes filled with delight. "Young Lord Malfoy, Draconis Malfoy, it is good to see, thy flesh and blood. Lady McGonagall here, offered me a place at thy old school and thy took it, shame they let mud-" Portrait Malfoy stopped himself, seeing as McGonagall was glaring daggers at him, "I mean muggleborns" "Now mister Malfoy and Malfoy if you don't mind" McGonagall interrupted. Draco and the portrait stopped talking and listened. "Since you all have passed the age of graduation, though you've come back due to circumstances, you will not share a common room with the four houses or even be in the four houses. You shall all share a common room, classes and living space. Since you all are adults you may all go to Hogsmeade whenever you have free time including whatever young adults do these days. No-one under you is allowed it, the password is, as Portrait Malfoy chose, Sanguinibus sordium abominatio" she stated while she did not flinch from Portrait Malfoy's glare. "Wait!" someone yelled from the back. "My grandmum made me learn latin!" the person yelled again. This person was surprisingly, Neville Longbottom. "And so?" McGonagall questioned. "Sanguinibus sordium abominatio, roughly translates to disgusting filth bloods" Neville said. McGonagall `glared at the portrait once again, who seemed to have disappeared. Draco looked sheepish as he looked around him,"Sorry" he muttered. "I think it was a bit long anyway. But since the portraits ran away we'll have to decide on another password tommorow" McGonagall huffed and opened to portrait which swung open to reveal another side. "Good night students, "Oh and Mister Longbottom, thank you, you can hand these out to every when you're inside". Then she walked away, leaving the 8th year students to look hungrily at a large trunk that she had handed him. "Give me the trunk mate!" Ron ordered. Neville cringed. "No Longbottom why don't you hand it over to me," Draco stepped forwards, smirking. "Neville give it to who you want, okay? Don't let them boss you around" Harry told Neville kindly. "Hermione, here you take it. Please make sure none of them get their hands on it just yet" Neville walked to Hermione and handed her the trunk. Hermione hopped on the highest thing she could find to attract everyone's attention. Opening it on a stage which seemed to just appear. "Wow" she gasped. The crowd became more rowdy. "Okay" Hermione began, "Now from what this piece of paper says, I understand that we all have to read these books and tests" everyone sighed, disappointed and started to leave. "Wait! Wait!" Hermione crowd ignored her. "Wow? Really come on Hermione get some better hobbies. Maybe one could involve our bodies" Ron grinned. Hermione looked at her boyfriend in disgust and climbed down. Ron snorted in irritation and left with the crowd to go explore the rooms. The only people still left were some Slytherins, some Ravenclaws, Harry and some Gryffindors. "Mione pass one of the books please?" Harry asked. Hermione nodded sadly and handed a book to Harry. Harry's eyebrows rose and his mouth was left in the shape of an O. "What is it Potter?" Draco Malfoy asked breaking away from his group of Slytherins to peak over Harry's shoulder. On the cover of the book in small golden letters was, "The guide to lupus disciplina sarcinas" and the translated words, "The guide to the wolf training of packs." And at the bottom, "A tribute to Remus Lupin". "Wolf training of packs?" Draco said out loud as he furrowed his eyebrows. "Remus…" Harry breathed in deeply. "What does this mean?" inquisitively Blaise Zabini asked. "Remus Lupin was a werewolf, so this has to do with something about wolves" Hermione answered. "Yeah, open the book" Draco agreed. "You know, the other people could just come by, right now and discovered that ignoring Granger was wrong and that she had something to actually say...why don't we go find a room and start reading...and don't tell them?" Draco suggested a sly smile on his lips. Everyone shook their heads except the Slytherins. "Ravens, when someone didn't study something and they come to you will you let them cheat off you or one of your friends from another house asks you for the quidditch tactics of your own team?" Draco asked. The Ravens shook their heads. "You are welcoming them who totally ignore Granger like that then walk away because they just don't want to read, would be the exact same thing" Draco argued. The Ravens nodded. "There, let's go" Draco said victory all too sweet. "Great, Great, Great, Great, Great Grandfather could you help us find the best room in this dorm?" Draco asked looking up to an empty portrait. Suddenly Portrait Malfoy appeared, smiling, "Of course" he said before opening up his portrait. A huge secret doorway revealed itself. Draco beckoned to his friends