A/N: So I haven't written any fanfiction in a very very long time, but then Catching Fire came out and I remembered all of the Johanna feels that I had when I read the books, and eventually this had to be written. Sorry if I have lost of of my writing/characterisation/grammar skills during my very long fic-writing hiatus! And I'm sorry if the line between the perspective changes is annoying, I couldn't find any other way to separate them properly, due to 's formatting rules. Hope you enjoy! When they first meet she's fuming. Angry has been her natural state for months now, but two weeks of holding still while the Capitol's finest tweak her hair and eyebrows and clothes, reciting empty phrases to crowds of indifferent people and obeying orders have her ready to bury her axe in the nearest person's face. So when he glides into his seat beside her. she is not in the mood. Unfortunately, if he sees that he pays no attention. And she doubts he sees it. Finnick Odair, the golden boy of District Four, cannot see his company as anything other than a blessing to others. "Johanna Mason," he drawls, flashing his perfect teeth as he grins at her. "What a pleasure." He probably expects her to swoon at his feet, but Johanna Mason swoons for no man and especially not for a Capitol plaything. Instead she ignores the false pleasantry and picks up a gold-plated fork from the table, twirling it idly between her fingertips. "Should I be afraid?" She asks. Finnick arches one perfect eyebrow. "Afraid?" She gestures impatiently with the fork. "This was your weapon of choice, wasn't it?" "Tri-dent." He enunciates carefully, reaching out to snatch the fork from her in one deft movement. Oh yes, this man is dangerous, despite his silver tongue. "It was a trident. This is a fork. Rather less dangerous, I think you'll find." "I could still kill you with it if I wanted," she snaps, and channels all of her anger into a death glare. He doesn't flinch, which only aggravates her further, and she slouches in her seat as he sets the fork down just out of her reach. "And that," he says, "is why you won't be getting it back." He hadn't paid attention to her during the Games. Annie's presence as a Mentor had been requested by the president himself, and between keeping her as sane as possible and taking on double the usual number of appointments to keep her duties to a minimum, he had no time to devote to anything else. Now that he has time to really look at the newest Victor, he feels a crippling sense of guilt. Because she is beautiful despite the attitude which she clings to like a shield of thorns, and she is of age, and she is going to suffer for the deals he has made this year. When one Victor is kept from the clutches of the Capitol, it will surely sink its claws ten times more tightly into the next. They first meet during the pantomime that the Capitol likes to call the Victory Tour. She steps off the train and it couldn't be more obvious that she's throwing a strop, ignoring everything the pink-haired escort accompanying the party says. This amuses Finnick. He's predisposed to like anyone who makes it difficult for the Capitol citizens. Her attitude doesn't make her easy to like though, as he discovers when he is seated next to her at dinner later. He uses all his charm, his humour, even his flirtation skills, but nothing breaks through her frosty exterior. But he still wants to like her, because few enough people like Victors so it's best that they don't start turning on one another, and because she is so stubborn it's almost comical. Even when he had slid the fork back towards her, she had continued eating with her teaspoon. So before he leaves he insists on a dance. When they're dancing, heads so close they're almost touching, he leans in further and whispers in her ear. "You may not like it but you're a Victor now. We can be your friends, if you'll let us." He doesn't look back at her as he leaves. He knows that she won't listen to him yet. But he hopes that when she needs him (and she will need someone, so it might as well be him) she'll remember. A week or so later, he's called to the Capitol on 'urgent business'. All of the usual suspects are there, but one face he's expected is notably absent. This time her defiance doesn't amuse him. He only wonders what it has cost her. "What do we do?" It's the day of the Tribute parade for the 72nd Games and both of her tributes look downright terrified. Which is a problem, because after her year she's sure the Careers are telling their tributes to slaughter anyone who looks the slightest bit afraid just to be safe, especially if they come from Seven. And besides, it doesn't look like an act in their case. "Johanna?" The boy asks again. She loses the thin control on her temper. "Smile. Wave. Try not to fall out of the chariot. And stop asking questions!" She storms off, but only makes it a few paces because Finnick's there, leaning against a pillar and suppressing a smirk. "Unorthodox mentoring technique," he comments. Johanna flings her arms skyward in frustration. "They're going to die whatever I do," she admits. "So really, what the fuck is the point?" One of the stylists turns at the curse, scowling disapprovingly and Johanna lets out a bitter laugh. Then the Panem anthem begins and they all fall back to watch the parade. "I'm not sure mine stand a chance either," Finnick says as the District Two chariot thunders past. "Have you seen the boy from Two? He reminds me of Brutus, only more..." "Brutish?" Johanna suggests. Finnick wrinkles his nose. "I'm not convinced that's a word, but yes." "Pedant." Johanna scowls at him. "My my, we are grumpy." Finnick teases, producing something from behind his back. "Want a sugar cube? It might sweeten you up." "What do you want Odair?" Johanna snaps. He was almost amusing her for a second, but now he's back to being an irritation. Finnick raises his hands in mock surrender. "I was going to invite you to the party of the century, but maybe I won't bother now." Johanna laughs and turns to go, letting him know exactly what she thinks of his party. "Meet at nine on the roof," she hears him call after her. "Trust me, you don't want to miss it." It's a good party, Finnick muses as he stretches out on a bench a little away from the crowd. All of the usual Victors are in attendance, and even their newest recruit appears to be enjoying herself. She'll certainly have friends in abundance if she wants them, anyone who can match Haymitch Abernathy drink for drink will fit right in with this crowd. He's had a few drinks himself and isn't focusing as clearly as he might, so he's caught by surprise when she lurches into his field of vision. She stands over him and points and accusing finger in his face. "You said you were inviting me to the party of the century," she slurs. "And this is a bunch of Victors getting pissed on a roof." "It's exclusive," he shrugs. "Want me to introduce you?" "Want me to rip your head off?" She counters. "Oh Mason," he chuckles. "I'd like to see you try." It's more of a reference to her slowed reflexes than anything, as she's undoubtedly more drunk than him (and no wonder, for all the bravado she's still only seventeen). But really, after all these years he should know better to joke about a Victor's killing skills. Suddenly her face is inches from his, eyes flashing with rage. "Did you not see what I did to the boy from your district last year?" she hisses. "Sliced his head clean off with my axe. And I slit your girl's throat while she was sleeping. I was responsible for both their deaths." But the anger seems to have left her by the time she gets to this last sentence, and he remembers what it was like to be fresh out of the Games (sometimes feels like he still is), so he nods slowly and sits up to make room for her on the bench. "She was dying anyway," he says when she's seated. "Took a knife to the leg at the Cornucopia and there was nothing we could send her. We think she only had a day or two left in her." They don't discuss the boy. They both know there are things you have to do to survive. They're 48 hours into the 72nd Hunger Games and District Seven is out of the running. Johanna is surprised that they made it that far, Aspen had run for a sword at the Cornucopia and ended up running into it as the boy from One held it and laughed. But Cassia had had the good sense to run, which had made things worse in a way, drawing out the procedure, as Johanna dared to allow herself some hope until the brute from Two found her sleeping and snapped her neck with his bare hands. At least now she can get some sleep, she thinks, standing up from the seat which has been her home for the past two days. Although she might have to find Blight first and give him a piece of her mind for leaving her to man the Seven Mentors' Room alone. She has taken one step out of the room when she bumps into Finnick. "Hey!" He flashes her the smile that would have half of Panem weak at knees. "Mags just took over from me, so I was going to bring you some food, but then I saw Brutus 2.0's handiwork, so now you have options." "Options?" Finnick holds up three fingers. "Option One. Haymitch is holding his usual 'My tributes are out of the Games now let's get wasted party' on Twelve. Does what it says on the tin, but worth it just to see how much he can annoy his escort. Option Two. You go to bed. Most sensible, least fun, unless you have someone to join you." He breaks off, grinning wickedly. "Option Three. We stage a breakout and go for dinner in the Capitol." "A breakout?" Johanna queries. "Maybe not technically a breakout," Finnick admits. "But when you've spent an entire week in the same building, it sure feels like one." And despite the fact that she hasn't slept since the Games began, dinner suddenly sounds like a great idea. (It turns out to have been not such a great idea when she wakes disoriented the next day to a note from Finnick instructing her to call him for a blow-by-blow account of her falling asleep face down in her starter and having to be carried home, but you can't be expected to have perfect judgement with that level of sleep deprivation.) It's a client who tells him what he'd already half suspected, as they're sipping champagne in the rooftop garden overlooking the Capitol. This particular client is a fat, aging ex-Gamemaker, prone to hiring out two Victors at once for double the pleasure. Finnick is idly wondering what he did to deserve the honour of being alone tonight, when the man tells all. "I was hoping to try out last year's Victor, you know," he whispers confidentially, with a silly, affected giggle. "I thought the two of you might make a good pair. But President Snow said she wasn't available yet. Probably still recovering." He purses his lips. "Poor girl." Finnick frowns. It isn't usual for Capitol residents to acknowledge the emotional trauma endured by the survivors of