1876 Edward's POV I pulled the pocket watch out of my breast pocket and checked the time. Fifteen minutes passed two. He should have been here already, I should be well on my way home. I sighed and tapped my foot impatiently as I stood by the bench. I looked to my right as I heard the piercing whistle of the train rolling into the station. About time. A portly, balding man with a dark suit strolled casually off the train and walked towards me in at a slow, confidant pace. I felt my mouth turn into a frown, his comfort was unsettling, I would have to rectify that. "Mr. Cullen, so nice to see you again." His hand extended towards me an easy grin gracing his rat face. "You're late. I asked for you to be here at twelve thirty. I've been waiting for over two hours. So the feeling is one sided." I said shaking his hand. "Well now, Mr. Cullen I cannot help the delays of the train. You know how these things go." "Hmm, well I expect you have what I asked for?" "Of course, business before pleasure as usual with you." He said showing me his brief case, "Let us find a more private spot and I shall give you all my information. Perhaps a spot where I could get a nice meal. I'm quite famished." Food, of course, always on his mind. "Did you not eat on the ride? You had plenty of time." I said as we walked down the stairs and onto the paved sidewalk. "No, didn't have time for a snack. Is there a place close by? It will be much easier to conduct business in a private room." He kept pushing the eating issue. "Fine there's a little bistro on the other side of the road. We can get a private table there." I said leading him the the cafe. I knew of it because, well, I owned almost everything in this small town. I flashed a couple bills at them and they quickly seated us in a private room in the back of the building. Gordy smiled, he must have thought I was bank rolling this little lunch break. Once he had his food I turned our little outing back into business, "So the documents I asked for? I assume since you had months to gather all the information, it must be great." I said taking a sip of my brandy and lighting a cigar. "Oh yes. I got more than you asked for Mr. Cullen. Above and beyond." He said "Hmm, well hand them over." I said holding out my hand. "I want to see the money first. No disrespect Mr. Cullen, but I want to know that I'll be well paid for all my hard work." He said slumping down into his chair. "You'll get the money as soon as I know that the information I want is accurrate and useful." I said leaning back, taking the dominant posistion. "With all due respect, Mr. Cullen, I would like to see my money first." He said eyes narrowing. "Mr. Gordy, you're speaking to a busniess man. I will give you the money if I am satisfied with your work. So please, do not try to hustle me, you'll find the results to be painful and possibly life threatening." I threatened as I casually took a puff of my cigar. He swallowed nervously but kept his composure, "Alright, here you go. No need for threats." He said as he handed me the papers in his brief case. I looked through them, nodding as he had the correct information. When I was pleased with what he had to offer I handed him the enevelope full of cash. His eyes lit up as he counted the money. "You have your money. I want you out of this town in two hours and back to your home. You wait for me to send you a letter with your next assignment. Make yourself discreet." I told him standing up and walking out of the room. I could tell from his scrowl he was mad I didn't pay for his lunch. I needed to go, no, I wanted to go home. I strolled on home, at a slow pace. More so I was checking over my businesses. Each 'owner' nodded and gave me a little smile. The women gave sultry looks my way, licking their lips in suggestive ways. I paid them no mind though, I had my own treasures at home. Mr. Kleech, the owner of my small grocery store, ran up to me, his ancient face troubled and worried. His petite wife standing by the door of the store, watching with a scowl on her face. "Mr. Cullen, I was, uh, well I was wondering, um when I was gonna... get p-paid? It's been a w-week and well the r-rent will be due soon." He had a lot of trouble getting this sentance out. I chuckled at him, "Don't worry Mister Kleech, you'll get your payment. But I was a little concerned about the incoming profits. You see we're about three hundered dollars short this month. Last month are profits were through the roof, now all of a sudden people aren't buying like they use to? Doesn't add up to me Mr. Kleech." I said. "Are you suggesting that I s-stole from you? I would never do such a thing! I've been a faithful employee to you and your father for twenty two years!" He said becoming defensive but still remaining respectful. "Absolutely not, I'm just questioning the difference in profits. Is there a problem with the produce?" I asked. "Well I'll admit Elliot is getting very old, he's just not as good of a farmer as he use to be. And two of our plowing horses died at the end of last month. So the crops aren't as good as they should be." He explained, I nodded. "I really wish you would have told me of your troubles. You know I would've bought you new horses and sent a helping hand. I wish you and your wife would think a little bit better of me. Am I really such a monster?" I said. "No! You're a wonderful man, the absolute best! It's just that we already bug you enough with our troubles, we don't want you to fell like your taking care of us." "Mr. Kleech, alerting me about any business related problems really isn't you bugging me. If something is wrong with any of my businesses I want to know immediately. Now, I'll talk to your landlord about more time on your rent and I'll send you two of the best horses and a farmhand for Elliot. Next month I want the profits through the roof. You'll get your pay on Friday." I told him. He shook my hand eagerly. "Oh thank you sir! Is there anything I can do to repay you?" He asked. "If your lovely wife could send one of her famous peach pies to my house, I would be most grateful. She truly has a way with pie. And I'm sure Isabella would love that." I told him shaking his hand. "Of course, anything you want." He said running back to his wife. I kept on walking, my home was only a short walk away. Soon I came to the thick woods that surrounded my lavish mansion. The walk up to the house was a nice and calming walk. The birds making sweet music, while the little critters scurried around the forest floor. The babbling brooke that ran through my property made a calming and wonderful background noise, you could even hear the catfish jumping out of the water. I came upon my house, well my mansion. The marble stone stairs, leading up to a big, mahogony door. My dear Alice had picked out the dark green curtains that blocked the view from any peepers who dared prowled on my land. She was a genius with home design I let her pick out almost everything in this home, she didn't have any limit with the money she could spend I just gave her my okay and she spent. But she was priceless and anything she wanted, she knew she'd get. I opened the door slowly, and was greeted by my beautiful wives, Rose, Alice and Bella. All standing with wide smiles on their faces, happy to have me home. Once my coat was off they came to me and each found a spot on my body to cling to. "Hello my beautiful girls. How was your day?" I asked kissing each one of them on their cheeks. They each started talking at the same time. "Hey hey hey, one at a time darlings. Rose, please tell me about your day." I said starting with my oldest wife. "Well, my sweet and handsome husband today I organized all your paperwork and straightened up your study. I learned a two new pie recipes, and finished my book." She said kissing me on the lips. "Very good my beautiful wife, I'm glad your day was filled with a lot of acomplishments." I told her kissing her back, "Now Alice please tell me how your day was." I said moving onto my second oldest wife. "Well Mrs. Smith wrote to me today telling about her new garden statues and bragging about how beautiful her garden was with all the blooming colorful flowers and new things she has. And well I was wondering if you would allow me to redecorate the gardens? And perhaps get new statues? And a few new flowers? Please please!" She asked all in one breath, clinging to the middle of me, she was practically bouncing up and down. "Yes of course my darling, now what else did you do in your day besides fantasying about redecorating." I said. "Oh yes, well um Isabella and I took a walk on the paths behind the house with Scotty, and I started writing in my poetry book, I created a new poem I hope you'll listen to it?" She said pushing her lower lip out, I kissed it and then kissed her forehead. "Of course I'll listen to your new poem, I'm sure it'll be as lovely as you are. Now Isabella how was your day my beauty?" I asked my youngest wife. "Well I went to tea with the ladies today, we talked and what not. Alice and I took a walk around the property, I finished my new party dress for the party your throwing on Saturday, I also made sure the invitations were sent to the right most important people. Oh and I was wondering if I could purchase a new set of gloves? For the party, mine are so very dingy and old. And I want to look my best for your party to impress all your business partners." She asked, her sweet little voice tinkling like bells. "My darling I told you, you didn't have to sew a new dress for the party, I got the tailor to make each of your dresses. I told you anything you needed I would be more than happy to purchase it for you. You don't listen little one, am I going to have to paddle you until you understand?" I teased kissing her nose. "No sir, you won't have to paddle me. I understand I just thought I could save you some money if I made my own party dress." She said standing on her tip toes and kissing me. "Thank you for being so considerate but the money isn't for you to worry about, just me. Now did you work on your lessons?" I asked her. "Yes, English today. The tudor brought over many terms and what not for me to define. He said I did very well." She said proudly. Her being the youngest of my wives was still doing her school lessons, I required