The Train Ride The storm raged on; I kept my coat clutched tightly in my hands. The wind was whistling with the train. I stepped onto the platform, shaking out my drenched coat. I found a seat in the quiet section of the train. There was an elderly man, a couple about my age, a man in a suit, and a woman with a brief case. It was the midnight train, so there wouldn't be to many people on. I pulled my book out of my soaked backpack. I was currently in the middle of reading Pride and Prejudice. Of course I had read it several times. It was my favorite. "Ticket please," said a somewhat fuzzy voice. "Ticket please madam." Said the voice again, making me jump. "I'm sorry what?" I said, blushing furiously. "Your ticket." He said in a harsher tone. "Yes, sorry," I said fishing the ticket out of my back pocket. I handed it to him. And went back to my book when he walked away. The train whistled once again. As I was reading, I noticed from the corner of my eye, a dark figure strolled to the seat across from me. I looked up from my lashes, seeing a very tall man, in a black pea-coat. He didn't have anything with him, instead he simply clasped his hands in his lap. When I looked up at his face, I noticed that he was watching me with blood red eyes. I blushed and looked back down at my book. I bit my lip, feeling the stranger's eyes on me. It did alarm me that he had blood red eyes, I had never seen such a color. They were frightening, menacing looking. I looked back up again discreetly, he was still staring. Quickly I looked back down. Why was he still staring? He was making me feel uncomfortable. But I did get a better look at his face. He had messy bronze colored hair and a sharp detailed face. A strong jaw. Besides his frightening eyes, he was a very attractive man. It was unnerving the attraction this man held. I took a shaky breath and continued to read my book, ignoring the fact that the man stared. Once again I was engrossed in my book, completely ignoring the stranger; who was still staring at me. This was going to be a long train ride, because of the storm the train had to go slower, plus it was quite a long distance to the next stop. I was prepared though. When my stomach started to growl, I picked up my backpack and began to nibble on the apple I had. I was leaning up against the wall, partially concealed by the wall, reading my book. After I finished my apple, I stood and made my way to the bathroom in the last compartment. The lights were flickering ominously. The little bathroom was cramped, I had to take my backpack off and set it on the sink. When I finished in the bathroom, the man with the red eyes was leaning against the wall, staring, with an almost amused expression on his face. I blushed and looked down, walking past him. The little hairs on my neck stood as I passed him. I wondered if he was following me? Or if he was a threat. I hurried the car. At least I was surrounded by people, he wouldn't do anything around other people. But I did notice that he was very tall and wide, I maybe came up to his chest. I sat on the opposite side, hoping he wouldn't see me and follow me. Strangely enough he didn't return. I settled in with my book again, keeping on alert for the red eyed man. My book recaptured my attention. An hour into the train ride, deep into the forest riddled country, the train suddenly jolted to a stop. It stopped so suddenly that I, along with the other passengers, fell to the floor. I sat up abruptly, the conductor rushed into the compartment. "Is everyone alright?" He called out. A few people answered, I just scrambled back up to my seat. I was blushing, even though everyone had fallen out of their seats. "What happened?" The business man demanded. He looked so annoyed. "It seems we've hit something on the tracks. We'll have to wait until the tracks are cleared." He said. I tucked my book back into my backpack. I looked around, noticing the man with red eyes was nowhere in sight. He must still be in the bathroom. Everyone seemed annoyed, but I was sure we'd be up and running shortly. I wanted to be home as well, but can't help problems on the train. The conductor stood by the door with his flashlight in his hand. I turned in my seat and looked out the window. It was so dark out, and still storming. Through the heavy rain, I could see the outline of some trees. As I stared out the window, I noticed something strange glowing from between the trees. I squinted my eyes; it looked like there were two, small, red glowing lights in an oval shape. It was creepy. I wondered if it was just something reflecting from the train. I turned back around in my seat; wanting to find another distraction while we waited for the train to get going again. I picked the cuticle from the thumbs. After a good forty-five minutes, the man, who was part of the couple stood and walked to the conductor. "When is this train going to move again?" He demanded. I leaned a little closer, wondering that myself. "The driver should have been back. I'll go check." The conductor said. With his key card, he opened the train door and stepped out. I watched his flashlight whip around in the dark from the window. Slowly it faded out of sight. The man had gone back to his girlfriend and sat, seeming very irritated. I looked down the row of people again, noticing that the man with red eyes was still not here. "Where is that one man?" I said. "What man?" The woman with the briefcase asked. "The man in the pea-coat, with the red eyes." I said. Everyone gave me a strange look, "Are you on drugs? The only people on this train are right here." Said the elderly man. "I'm serious, there was another man here, I saw him sitting there, then in the bathroom hallway." I said, my heart beating faster, I knew I had seen a man with red eyes. The elderly man opened his mouth to say something, but suddenly the conductor ran through the doors, sweating and breathing heavily. "Get away from the windows!" He yelled, locking the door behind him. "What the hell is going on?" Asked the girl sitting with her boyfriend. "I-I don't know. There's something out there!" The conductor said, still breathing heavily. Everyone was now on their feet, looking around. There wasn't anything outside that could be seen. "Where's the driver?" Asked the business man. "Something got him," the conductor said, staring out the window with his flashlight. "What do you mean something got him?" I asked, swallowing a huge lump that had been stuck in my esophagus. "T-there w-was b-b-blood everw-where." He said, sitting on the floor. The lights flickered then cut off completely. My heart tripled its pace. The wind was still whistling outside, the rain pounding hard against the metal. I noticed the woman with the briefcase had her cell phone out and was holding it high, "Damn it, I don't have a signal. Does anyone else have a cell phone?" She asked. We all took out our cells, trying to find a signal. No one had one. "Isn't there an emergency phone on here or something to call for help?" The girl asked. "Uh, yes, up front there is one. Everyone stay here and I'll go radio for help." The conductor said. I sat back in the seat, sitting on the edge as far as I could from the window. My heart was still pounding away, this was nerve wracking, the silence. After about ten minutes, the elderly man stood, "This is ridiculous. Does anyone have any food? I'm starved, I haven't eaten all damn day." I dug through my bag and held out a granola bar, "Here, I have some." I said. He took it, "Thanks," he opened the wrapper and took a bite, "What's your name?" He asked. I guess he felt he needed to know the kind stranger who would give the old grump some food. "I'm Bella, you are?" I asked. "Billy, how old are you? You look a little young to be riding the midnight express." He said, taking a large bite. "I'm seventeen. I'm old enough." I said quickly. "You got any more food? All this waiting is making me hungry. I'm Mike by the way." Said the man who was part of the couple, "This is Jessica." I dug through my bag, "I'm sorry that was my last bar." He nodded and leaned back, "So, do you think the conductor is telling the truth?" Mike asked. "Why would he lie about that?" The woman with the briefcase asked. "I don't know. What the hell do you think would kill someone in the middle of nowhere." Mike said. "Maybe he was mauled by something. A bear perhaps." I said, crossing my legs. "Where is the conductor anyway, he should have been back by now." The businessman asked. "Yeah, where is he?" I stood, "I'll go check." I said. I opened the door and started walking down the car, the older woman followed, "I'll come with you, you can't go by yourself." She said. I nodded, we both pulled the door open and walked out of the car. "I'm Sue by the way." She said. "It's nice to meet you," I said. "Strange night huh?" She said. "Yeah, it's really weird." I said. She nodded. We continued to walk through the cars to the front. It took a little bit, but finally we made it to the front of the train. The doors to the control room were very dark, I could see a few flicking lights but it was otherwise dark. "What's that?" Sue asked, pointing down at the carpet. I crouched down, eyes squinted at the liquid drenching the carpet. I stuck a finger in it, and it came back up a dark red. "It looks like… b-blood." I said, wiping it off on my jeans. We gave each other a look and pried the doors to the control room open. Laying, in an awkward angle on the floor, was the conductor. We both stared down at him with wide, shocked eyes. "Is he-?" I said, my voice cracking. "H-his throat… it's ripped out…" She said. Both of our skin paled, we looked at each other once again. "W-we need to go back now." I said, panicking now. "We need to find a radio, or a phone to get help. Just, stand over there and let me look." She said, nudging me towards the corner by the window. I stood, with my back turned, looking out the window. I wanted to cry, but I bit my lip to hold back my tears. Don't cry, it's going to be okay. As I stared out the window, I could see the same, red light that I had saw earlier. I leaned closer to the window to get a better look. All I could see were the red lights. Small, but very shocking in the pitch black forest. My face was nearly pressing against the glass as I tried to make out where the lights were coming from. I made an annoyed noise in my throat and looked down to the ground. The conductor's flashlight was lying in the floor. I picked it up and shoved it against the window. The lights were