A/N: I have some wonderful people I need to thank who worked tirelessly to help me with this story. My lovely group of pre-readers: Gjficfan, Lfcpam, JayNahNah, betsmecullen, and SunflowerFran. And my invaluable beta LifeInkognito. Thank you, ladies, for everything. For reading my chapters, giving me your invaluable advice, and putting up with me. I owe you so much. I love each and every one of you. This is my only author's note. This disclaimer applies to all of the remaining chapters. SM owns Twilight. I own this plot, storyline, Diablo, and this very special Edward. MY DEVIL CHAPTER 1 BPOV Looking up from my computer, my eyes narrowed at the sound of a horn honking. Repeatedly. "Some people work at home around here, you idiot," I mumbled. Pushing away from my desk, I picked up my Chihuahua, Diablo, from my lap and made my way to the window to see who was making all the ruckus and interrupting my work day. Frowning, I stared at the moving truck backed up to the garage of the house next door. I knew the house had sold, but didn't know when I'd be getting new neighbors. Today must be the day. Interesting… this could be really good, or really bad. A sigh escaped me as I set Diablo down on the floor and stretched my arms above my head. Time for a snack and another good old cup of Joe. I grabbed my coffee mug from my desk and walked into the kitchen. I quickly poured myself a fresh cup and grabbed a granola bar. As I sat at the kitchen table and slowly ate my snack, I began to fret about my new neighbors. My former neighbors had to move due to a job transfer. We got along great, and I missed them terribly so I had some anxiety about that moving truck. I finished up my granola bar and gave Diablo the last bite. After refilling my cup, I headed back to my office. Curiosity got the best of me so I stopped at the window and peeped out again, hoping to catch a glimpse of someone. Unfortunately, all I saw were movers carrying in large pieces of furniture. Plopping down at my desk, I started typing away at my computer. After I graduated college, I managed to land a fantastic job working for an insurance company as an underwriter and had the great fortune to work from home. My afternoon zipped by fast. After checking my email one last time, I shut down my computer. Diablo stood in my lap and stretched his little body. I gave him a quick kiss on the head before I carried him to the back door to let him outside. I had just pulled some spinach out of the fridge to throw together a quick salad when my cell phone rang. Smiling, I grabbed it from my pocket. "Hey, Rosy-Posy, " I answered in an annoying sing-song voice. She hated it when I called her that so I made sure to do it often. "Hey, Bella-bitch , what's up?" she replied. I could almost see her sneer through the phone. It made me laugh. "Not much. Oh, guess what? I'm getting new neighbors today." "Huh. Have you seen them yet? I hope it's a house full of doctors. Sexy doctors who like to take anal temperatures with their large thermometers ." I cringed. "You're disgusting." "Can't a girl dream a little? And if my dream comes true, I'm moving in with you, babe." "Ha. Not going to happen. Hey, are you still coming over Friday night?" I asked as I poured ranch over my spinach, chicken, cheese, and crouton salad. "Are you kidding me? Of course I'll be there." "All right. Love you." "Right back 'atcha, bitch," she said, and I smiled as we hung up. Rose and I met my last year in college when I worked part-time in an accounting firm. No one would ever guess by looking at her that she had a C.P.A. at the end of her name. She stood 5'11" in stocking feet with straight platinum blonde hair down to the middle of her back. She had eyes the color of a crystal blue sky and voluptuous curves that went on for days. Her typical office attire consisted of a business suit with a skirt striking her mid-thigh. She wore them so tight that she could barely bend over without splitting the seam. Her ensembles were usually paired with fish-net stockings and some type of designer shoe with a minimum 4" heel. She always wore some type of blouse with a plunging neckline showing off an obscene amount of cleavage and she loved adding her black horn-rimmed glasses for special effect. She literally made men drool and lose their minds. Rose also happened to be a hard-assed bitch. We instantly clicked and became the best of friends which I found to be quite comical. I think my easy going nature and her abrasiveness somehow balanced each other out. Just as I took a bite of my salad, I heard scratching at the back door. I hopped up and let Diablo in and went back to the table to finish my supper. While I chewed, I glanced down at him. There he sat, up on his hind legs, quietly begging like an adorable little meerkat. I turned back to my salad and could feel his beady little eyes on me, trying to stare a hole into my skull. Grinning, I picked out a piece of chicken from my salad and slipped it to him. I adored him. He had a black shiny coat except for the very tip of his tail which looked like it had been dipped in white paint. In the center of his forehead was a white patch with two little white spots on both sides of his tiny black nose. His legs and under-body were white as well. I refused to admit it to anyone, but, to be perfectly honest, he was ugly. So ugly that it made him kind of cute and adorable. His ugly grew on you after a while. He weighed a whopping four pounds and despite his cuteness, he had a terrible personality. Evil dwelled inside of the little dude which is why I named him Diablo, which means "devil" in Spanish. He had ornery flowing in his veins from his tiny black snout to the white tip of his tail. He always kept me laughing and highly entertained. He loved me completely, was fiercely protective, and hated every other soul on the planet earth. He snarled, growled ferociously, and proudly showed every crooked fang in his tiny mouth to everyone except me. I viewed him almost kitten-like, but to the rest of humanity, he embodied a demon devil in dog form. He snuggled and slept in my lap all day while I worked and would kiss my face off whenever I picked him up. He pretty much worshiped me and, well, he owned my ass. After I cleaned up my dishes and put everything away, I fed him. Then I decided to go upstairs to take a quick shower and do some reading. I had just started a new romance novel and couldn't wait to dive back into it. After toweling off, I walked into my bedroom to throw on some clothes when I heard voices. I perked up, having completely forgotten about my new neighbors. All of my windows were open so I could enjoy the beautiful spring day. My bedroom had three windows facing the front of the house, but none facing the side with the new neighbors. I couldn't see them but I could hear some muffled voices. I figured I would go introduce myself to them tomorrow since they were probably really busy today with the move and all. But I didn't think it would hurt to take a little peek at them. Wrapping a towel around my naked self, I headed downstairs and over to the window in my family room. I pushed the curtain back a bit to see if I could catch a glimpse of anyone. " Oh, fuck," I heard a woman's voice scream loudly. My hand flew to my mouth, and I dropped the curtain and grabbed at my chest, breathing heavily, scared out of my mind. "Oh god, just like that," I heard the woman cry out again. Closing my eyes, I leaned my head against the wall and stood there for a few minutes still holding my beating chest and trying to catch my breath. And that's when it dawned on me. My new neighbors were christening their new home. Very loudly. So loudly that the whole neighborhood could have heard it. Now the civilized thing for me to do would have been to march myself back upstairs, finish getting dressed, and read my book like I was intending to do. But the sick, twisted, perverted side of me wanted to take another peek... just one tiny, little peek. As I stood there breathing heavily and listening to the screaming and panting streaming through my windows, a war waged inside of me. " Don't do it, don't do it, don't do it, " I mumbled to myself as I turned and pulled the curtain back again not listening to a single word coming out of my mouth. Twilight had set in so it had just started getting dark, and my eyes immediately zoned in on the light coming from the kitchen. My new neighbors had all of their windows open as well so I could hear every word, grunt, and moan being uttered. There were no coverings on the windows yet since they'd just moved in. "Holy shit," I mumbled under my breath as I stared in disbelief. My new neighbor had his woman sprawled out on the end of their kitchen table like a buffet with his face between her legs. The woman kept running her hands through his hair, making it stick up all over his head. There were two large windows in their kitchen that faced my house. They had a rectangular six-person kitchen table next to the windows adjacent to me. So I had a perfect side view. Of everything. And I do mean everything … I couldn't see the man's face, obviously, since he had it in the chic's crotch, but I could see his messed-up hair, kind of a reddish brown color, sticking out from between her legs. Even though I couldn't see much of his body due to his crotched position, I could tell the man was hot. Seriously hot. The tops of his shoulders were muscled and toned. His woman on the table looked like she could have been a swimsuit model with her long, dark wavy hair, incredible rack, and tiny waist. I could also see the glitter of a belly button piercing. I quickly closed the curtain again and leaned against the wall, holding my chest. I stood there for a few seconds before I started talking to myself again. "Walk away from the window," I commanded but of course I never listened to that person called Myself. And even though I felt disturbed by my actions, I once again turned and peeled the curtain back a little. " I'm coming, I'm coming, yes, yes, oh shit, oh baby, oh shit…" the woman on the table scream. I started breathing heavy. The man stood up and my knees went weak. Good god, what a glorious sight. I'd never seen a man that beautiful in my life. He embodied everything masculine and manly and managed to snatch the very breath from my body. He looked tall, and lean, not overly muscular, but more like lanky and toned. His profile – because I could only see the side view of him – well, it left me speechless. That jaw of his… I'd never seen a jaw like that before. And