Disclaimer: All characters are property of J.K Rowling. I am only borrowing them. Draco Malfoy had never imagined he would find himself following in the footsteps of Severus Snape and turning spy for the Order of the Phoenix. He is a brilliant spy, until his cover is blown and he is forced to hide out in an Order safehouse, with nothing to do but brew potions all day and try not to kill the members who don't see that he might have changed. Everything is going mostly okay, until Hermione Granger turns up. This story is a one-shot. Some smut. Shouldn't have any triggers, apologies if there are. Reviews and criticism welcomed as I haven't written in a while and think I might be a bit rusty! Draco Malfoy put the stopper in the last bottle of pepper up potion and wiped a strand of matted hair from his forehead. The basement of the Order safehouse where he was living smelled strongly of peppermints and was at a temperature that made working in clothing an inconvenience. If it wasn't for the risk of burns he would have taken off his shirt and worked topless, but he had to settle for rolling his sleeves up and unfastening the top buttons, promising himself a long draught of iced pumpkin juice when he was done with this batch. Kreacher pushed open the door to the basement, and shuffled in, looking at Draco balefully. He had never been able to shake the feeling that the house elf disapproved of his betrayal of the Black family, but unlike the others he shared the safe house with Kreacher was forced into silence by Potter's orders. "Those are finished, Kreacher. If you could see that they get to Madam Pomfrey." Malfoy gestured to the cluster of vials at the end of his workspace. The house elf handled each one as if they were a Decoy detonator, and disappeared, closing the door with a snap behind him. Draco wandlessly cleaned his cauldron and began to tidy up the left over ingredients. He liked working in the basement of the safehouse, and potions were something he had always understood. He liked that while he could measure the same ingredients a dozen times and blend a perfectly good potion, if he was just willing to push the boundaries he could improve on what he already knew. The Order had been quick to find out about his skill at potions - he had a feeling Potter had something to do with that. He had even scored higher than Granger on some of Snape's assessments, and although he knew Snape had been ridiculously biased when it came to the Gryffindors, he knew he had talent. Since he was no longer able to fulfil his original assignment for the Order, he would take potion brewing in the basement over interaction with any of the others he shared the safehouse with any day. The one exception to the rule was quick to make an appearance, as if sensing he had finished his work for the day. George Weasley had aged a dozen years since his twin had been killed at the Battle of Hogwarts, but Draco had a feeling that he didn't look so good himself. All of them went out of their way to avoid catching sight of their appearance - they all knew what they would find. Emaciated faces, exhausted eyes and a lack of hope that things were going to get better. The war seemed to be spiralling into unknown territory and for every step the Order took forwards, the Death Eaters forced them five back. "Hey Malfoy. Fancy a drink?" George was clutching a bottle of Ogdens wine, his eyes had the hazy look of somebody who had already started drinking. Malfoy nodded, and found two clean beakers. George had been sleeping with Alicia Spinnet but she had left that morning on a mission. No further details had been forthcoming. They didn't know where she was going, or if there was a chance she would come back. George filled the beakers with a healthy measure of wine. "You know you can help me down here, it might help take your mind off of things." Draco offered. George was staring glumly at the equipment that littered the basement counter tops. "Never been much good at potions." "You were good at charms. Why don't you offer your services to Kingsley?" George shook his head, topping up his beaker and sinking another healthy draught of wine. He was swaying unsteadily. It had been an odd friendship, one that Draco Malfoy would never have thought possible. Out of all the Weasley's he had always had a grudging admiration of the twins, especially during Umbridge's reign of terror at Hogwarts. He would have liked to cause half the havoc they did, but his father had been adamant that he stick as close to Umbridge as he could. She was the 'right sort of people.' Draco had turned spy for the Order of the Phoenix on his seventeenth birthday, the night after the Golden Trio had been captured and brought to his home. He had been branded with the Dark Mark by then and had already killed one muggle. He had been asked to confess everything he had done to Professor McGonaghall and Remus Lupin, who had been placed in charge of discovering whether his offer was sincere or whether he was working for the Dark Lord. Professor McGonaghall was a surprisingly adept legilimens but she had never revealed the one secret Draco Malfoy had never told anybody within the Order. Not even the man growing steadily drunker across from him knew that Draco Malfoy had risked everything for the sake of a girl. A girl who would never look at him, never see him the way he saw her. "I should have told her I loved her." George suddenly piped up, voice muffled as his head was currently resting on the counter. "Do you?" Draco asked, curious. George and Alicia had been ridiculously casual about their arrangement; the only person they hadn't spoken about it in front of was Mrs Weasley. Nobody in their right mind spoke about the casual arrangements that had sprung up in the safe houses around Mrs Weasley. Draco had had invitations, of course. He was an attractive man and most had accepted that his loyalty now lay with the Order. After all, now Dolohov had blown his cover as a spy, Voldemort wanted to kill Draco as much as he wanted to kill anybody else sheltering with the Order of the Phoenix. He had accepted only once, from a girl who had been working as an Order liaison for South America. Her name had been Alana, she had been beautiful and smart with an extensive knowledge of herbology and she had been staying in Britain for only three days. Long enough for each of them to use the other for their own needs, then move on with no hard feelings. She had been killed a month ago, caught by Snatchers. "I think I do. How can you tell when the people you fuck might be the ones that end up dead at any moment? It makes you think that everything has to be the grand gesture." George slurred, knocking his beaker to the floor. Draco quickly repaired it. "I wish I could master wandless magic." Draco scowled at George, and motioned for him to stand up. "You could master wandless magic if you really tried. You're smarter than you give yourself credit for." George waved Draco's comment away but dutifully stood and allowed Draco to support him from the basement, through the safehouse and up to his bedroom in the attic. The house was much the same layout as Grimmuald Place although that safe house had been compromised not long after Dolohov had blown Draco's cover; it transpired that Mundungus had traded information for his life and had been duly kicked out of the Order. He worked as a Snatcher now, although from the accounts Draco had heard, not a very good one. He saw George settled on his bed, then made his way back down the house towards the kitchen. He stopped outside the door, surprised at the raised voices coming from within. He pushed the door open tentatively and froze when a furious pair of brown eyes whirled to face him. "Oh, its you." Hermione Granger turned her back on him and resumed hissing angrily at Ron. Draco took her statement to mean that he wasn't being thrown from the kitchen and moved to the magically charmed refrigerator and poured himself a tall glass of pumpkin juice. "Hermione, can we not do this here?!" Ron exploded angrily, causing Draco to slop some pumpkin juice down his front. "Oh, don't be so silly Ron! Draco has been cleared by everybody from Kingsley downwards. This isn't Hogwarts!" "You don't have to remind me of that." Ron retorted, glaring angrily at Draco over Hermione's shoulder. Draco didn't think it was a particularly good time to ask about Potter so he let himself out of the kitchen and made his way to his own room. At first the Order had insisted he share a room. That was how he and George had become friends, but after months without incident he was finally granted the privilege of his own room. It had been particularly hard to keep his infatuation with the girl in the kitchen below secret from a Weasley whose particular skill set meant he was able to blackmail any of the Order members he required anything from. Somehow nobody had ever worked out that Draco Malfoy had a thing for the golden girl, despite his inability to speak to her without insulting her. He sank onto his bed and pulled an old potions textbook towards him, dribbling ink on his quilt as he made notes in the margin, and tried not to think of the girl below him, closer than she had been in months. Dinner that night was a subdued affair. It turned out Potter had made the decision to continue without the assistance of his two companions and they were not taking the news well. Kingsley had dropped past the safe house to assure the Order members that Potter was safe but when Hermione and Ron had pressed him for Potter's whereabouts the man had kept silent. Now Hermione and Ron sat at opposite ends of the table and didn't look up from their dinner. The next morning found Draco in the basement, nursing a monstrous hangover. He had been unable to sleep and had eventually joined George in the kitchen where they had drank a bottle of firewhiskey with Dean Thomas, who had just returned from a mission in France. Draco was setting up his cauldron, wishing he hadn't been so hasty at sending the Pepper up potions onto Madam Pomfrey when a knock came at his door. "Come in." The door opened tentatively and the vial Draco was holding almost slipped from his fingers. Hermione stood, sleep tousled and dressed in a baggy sweatshirt and leggings, looking at him apprehensively. Draco's throat was suddenly dry as a bone. He waved a hand and watched her step into the lab and shut the door with his heart hammering in his throat. If George could see me now he'd die of laughter. "To what do I owe the pleasure, Granger? Don't think I've ever seen you in this part of the house." "George said I'd find you down here." she replied, watching with interest as he tipped the vial's contents into his cauldron, before he had another chance to drop it. "Here I am." he replied, annoyed at the acid in his voice but unable to prevent it. This was his coping mechanism, the only way he knew to keep Granger away from him when it was the last thing he wanted. If he started being nice to her,