Rhonda Mrs. Huck was being wheeled to the outer patio, she always preferred being outside and while it was over cased there was no call for rain. The young nurse locked the wheels in place turning to the gray haired women. "How's this Mrs. Huck?" I mimicked following the moments of her mouth in a ridiculous impression of a voice I had never heard. "Just perfect dear if you're completely fine with me burning alive." I followed with my Mrs. Carson impression; I did know her voice regrettable so. When I first arrived to the hospital I had to spend several days sharing a room with the women and her shrill, demanding, patronizing voice. Why is it when you become old you become mean. I turned away from the widow, after this checkup I should finally be released and get away from this dammed place. I cursed it, the white walls, the stagnate smell, the beeping and buzzing of machines. I have never cared for hospitals and after being her for so long it has only furthered my distaste. The creek in the door brought my attention. A young man in a lab coat and clip board, he has to be an intern there is no way someone that young could be a doctor. "Good afternoon Miss Garden, I'm Dr. Cullen I'll be reviewing your chart and final checkup before we get you out of here." He smiled. His voice was like velvet. "Where's Dr. Roff?" "He had an emergency with another patient he asked me to handle your case on my first day and just going over some basic rules before we set you free. Considering you've been here for nearly two months I'm sure you're ready to be back in your own home." My lips thinned at the mentioned of my home. He began to drabble on about my medication and proper care to prevent further injury. I tuned out his words having heard it several time and really focused on him. He claimed to be a doctor yet it seemed impossible. Model would suite him better, amber eyes, flawless skin, youthful face. He was gorgeous but it wasn't right something about him was… "You're odd." He had stopped taking and I realized I had spoken. "Ah..Sorry I didn't mean to say that,"…Out loud. He chuckled lightly not bothered by comment. "Okay let me take a look at you." He went through the normal routine that the nurse usual took care of, while asking me the same usual question. 'Have you had any dizziness, nausea, pain?' And my answered were always no, I haven't had any of these problems since the first week of being in this place but no one really lessened to me, why start now. "Well then Miss Garden you are free to go. I'm assuming someone will be by to pick you up?" "Yea, she gets off work in the next fifteen minutes so." "Well you most certainly can wait here just stop by the nurse's station on your way out." I nodded to the doctor as he walked out. "He is deafeningly odd," His perfect face, his graceful walk, and captivation voice. "No human can be that perfect." Not wanting to wait in my cage any longer I grabbed my already packed bag and crutch. A broken leg with a light blue cast going to my thigh—I had to cut off my pant leg—and a broken wrist on the same side I could only use one crutch but I had gotten used to it so at the very least I could walk. It had taken me nearly ten minutes to just get to the nurse station and another ten for them to get the papers I needed. "You were the first to be cared for by Dr. Cullen. You are soo lucky, I'm half tempted to fall down some stairs if I met I would be in his charge." "I'm with you there but knowing your luck it'll probably be Dr. Roff and we all know he'd be find having you in his care." The two laughed and gossiped forgetting my existence entirely. "I have someone waiting for me, could I get my papers?" Both glanced at me like I had just offended their mother and grandmother. With a huff one of the nurses plopped my file down, I had caught it before it fell and scattered everywhere. What was with people and hospitals! This is why I hate this place. In my hurry to get out of the place my crutch caught on the door frame and I went down. Of course just when I thought I had been released from prison I was going to go right back in. However before I broke my already broken wrist I was caught. Turning to my savior I lost all ability to think. It was a girl around my age maybe a little older, reddish hair pulled back, slim pale face, deep brown eyes, perfect pink lips. She was beautiful in a completely unnatural way. Like the doctor she was to perfect. But unlike the doctor her presents was different, his alluring hers relaxing. "Odd." "What?" Even her voice was to perfectly perfect. "Umm sorry…thank you, saved me another trip to the ER." "Not a problem. Hospitals are met to help people. That's what I've always been told." She spoke with cheerfulness, like her worlds was the greatest news ever stated. "Hmm, you're here for Dr. Cullen's aren't you?" My accusation caught her interest. "How did you know?" She spoke with a childlike wonder. The chances of two people looking like Greek gods and not knowing each other in this small town, unlikely. "Lucky guess, Thanks again my ride just pulled up." I waved bye as I limped my way to the waiting car. "Who was that? A friend?" Mrs. Yang asked. I looked to the sort women as she helped me into the car. Despite being the one in the cast I felt bad for making her do most of the work. "I'm not sure who she is, she knows Dr. Cullen." Her brown eyes perked through the lenses of her red glasses. "Oh she must be one of Dr. Cullen's daughters. Nice couple him and his wife Esme." Daughter? There is no way that Dr. Cullen was old enough to have kids her age. "He and his wife have several adopted children." She clarified seeing my face. "I believe a couple of them are in your class. Carson has become friends with one of them though I not sure which one." I nodded as Mrs. Yang pulled onto the road. "Now since school started a few weeks ago Carson has gathered all your homework and classwork and I've talked to all the teachers and they all understand and are willing to extend their deadlines." After some other small talk Mrs. Yang had turned up the radio—country—and left me to my thoughts. I chose to tune it out and look at the greenery. Forest and farm land that's all Ohio offered. You could drive from one end to the other and it would all be the same. I heard myself sigh then regretted it as Mrs. Yang looked at me from the review mirror. When I get home I would have so much to do. Frist get the house situated and grandma and I would have to go to the court house no later than next week. And Reina. I felt a ping of pain, not unusual I was always in pain but this was different. Reina—my sister has been alone in all of this while I was lying in a hospital bed. No doubt the town has been bombarding her with questions and rumors. I might have been the one in critical condition but she was worst off. I saw the 'Welcome to Valley View' sign and anxiety came over me. Was I ready for what will happen? All the pitiful stares, the halfhearted smiles and questions of concerns. I still have some time, I thought rubbing my head with my good hand. It won't start till school tomorrow. "Rhonda were here." Mrs. Yang spoke up. It had started to rain and Carson had come to meet us outside with an umbrella. I slung my arm around Carson's shoulders and the umbrella hung awkwardly over my head because I was taller than her. Mrs. Yang just bit the bullet and ran through the down pour with my bag. Carson and I took longer trying to keep my cast from touching any of the puddles that had formed on the gravel walk way. "Good to see you back and… nearly walking," Carson joked shaking the umbrella and leaving it in the unclosed porch. I smiled Carson and Mrs. Yang were the two who had helped me the most and they respected my boundaries. Seeing the two of them standing side by side I had forgotten how much they looked alike. Both short even compared to my five' four. Heart face with small eyes and a slim nose. The only difference was that Mrs. Yang had shorter graying hair and a face lined with age, hidden by her red glasses. "I made lasagna, I'm sure you're hungry." Carson spoke holding the door open. I didn't even make it through the door before I was jumped and a new weight almost toppled me over had Mrs. Yang and Carson not been behind me. "Rhonda! I've missed you! I'm so glad your back." I hugged Reina bearing her face into my chest and patting her head. "You cut your hair." I said realizing her once long black locks stopped at the base of her neck. "Yea, yours has grown out," she said tugging lightly at my blond hair. When I went to the hospital it was at my shoulders now it was past my shoulder blades. Unlike Carson and her mom, I and Reina looked nothing a like despite being sisters. She had dark caramel skin and thick coarse hair while I was so translucent a ghost would be jealous with thin nearly white blond hair. Hazel eyes compared to my blue. I was short and pudgy while she was lean and would most likely outgrow me by the end of school year. She had just turned 12 she still had a couple years of growth still in her. We stumbled down the hall to the small eat in kitchen where the smell of garlic and lasagna was the strongest. Raina had taken liberty of setting the table and as I sat down prepared my plate, exaggerating my appetite, with the mountain of food she sat in front of me. "Do you plan to go to school tomorrow?" She asked not bothering to be polite about talking with your mouth full. "I'm already weeks behind so yea I should go, huh?" She only nodded. "I'm having a lot of fun at school. The first week was kinda hard…" she lost a bit of her enthusiasm. "But after I got my hair cut it all people asked me about. I made a new friend. Her names Opral her dad is from Chile but her mom's American. She's only in the first grade but she sits at my table, she never talks." "If she never talks how you do know so much about her?" I asked. "Her uncle told me. Her dad was running late so he picked her up it was raining really bad so he let me wait in his care with them till Carson came." That would have angered me, my baby sister in the care of a stranger but she's fine and Carson had good judgement if there had been an issue she would have taken care of it. "It's a good thing you're going to school tomorrow with what Lizbeth has plan." "What?" Her eyes widen she shouldn't have said what she said. I looked to Mrs. Yang and Carson for answers. "She's