Sorry for the wait on updates. I wanted to do a V-day story and it mostly took all my attention. For Valentine's Day, I have decided to do another little AU. I'm full of these lately, aren't I? :3 Also, I want to submit this early since I got it done early and plan on playing Cards Against Humanity on the actual day. That might make me forget, so HERE YOU GO! Anyway, this will be a little different, and pretty long (albeit fast-paced), so bear with it. Yes, Calypso is a princess (again, if you've gotten into my Pirate AU lol) but this time Leo is something you wouldn't expect. From that summary, you won't be able to guess, either :D Sorry about the pacing. I was on a time-limit to get this done for V-day. This was going to be just Caleo, but somehow Jasper got in here, too. I like that ship, too, so goodie :) Happy Valentine's Day, all! Or, if you're like me and prefer to be single, happy S.A.D! :D Also, Leo will be slightly OOC. It's mostly because of the situation. Honestly, if Leo didn't have his usual humor, what would he be? What is he underneath? Nothing but a sad and lonely child. Think about that when you read through this. I own nothing you recognize as canon. *~The Princess and the Dragon Boy~* A Caleo Fairy Tale AU "You have to at least say something nice about him!" Princess Calypso, astride her white horse, huffed and stuck her nose in the air. "I suppose he was fairly handsome," she admitted. Her best handmaiden, a beautiful, tan-skinned young woman with uneven brown hair and ever-changing eyes that switched from blue to green to purple to grey and back, pursed her lips in a pout. "I cannot believe you didn't find that man the least bit attractive," she protested. Calypso sighed. "He had a wife and child, Piper. I saw the portrait in the corner of the room when we had tea." Piper rolled her eyes. "Okay. Fine. He was taken. But the council will want you to decide on a man, soon." "I hardly believe that the council will be thrilled about some inn keeper…" Princess Calypso was currently the only living heir to her kingdom. Because of her father's recent death, and a rule that no woman may take the throne without a husband, the kingdom's council of leaders were forcing Calypso to find a man to wed by the end of the month. The man didn't have to be of royal blood, it was just a formality. Eventually, the man might make a good king, but Calypso had been trained to be queen, so she would be calling the shots. But Calypso was very picky. At the moment, she and her escorts of handmaidens and a few knights were travelling across the country to see one of her royal friends, Hazel. At every town they stopped in, Calypso was introduced to a random strange man. The latest had been an inn keeper named Odysseus. Calypso had been kind of attracted to him, but he had a family of his own, so the attraction ended there. "Well," Piper drawled. "What about some of the others? You might have to just pick from the random men you've seen so far." "Drake turned out to be a pirate," the princess complained. "And Percy…very cute and strong. But, like Odysseus and Drake, he had a woman to call his own. You have an uncanny ability to match up others with their soul mates, Piper, I'll admit…but your luck, at least concerning me, cannot hold." Piper smiled. "I know you'll find the perfect match before long. Who knows? Maybe we should try a random farmer. Or a beggar." "From pauper to prince, hm?" Calypso grinned. "You are so funny. I can't imagine a beggar as a king." "Just a suggestion," Piper said with a shrug. "Ladies," said one of the knights, who had trotted up next to Calypso's horse. "We are entering an open field. I would advise her majesty to stay silent until we get back under the cover of the trees." "Why?" Calypso asked. Piper gasped. "Are we crossing the dragon's territory?" The knight nodded. "Yes. To get to Lady Levesque, the quickest way would be through this tiny piece of territory. I want to cross before we lose the light. Most do not travel this way, and of those that do, usually the silent individuals fare better." Calypso nodded. "Then we shall not talk. You are sure the dragon will not venture past his territory?" "Your highness," he said, "the dragon has been known to stick to his borders faithfully. Those that live there fare the risk of dragon fire and death, but can survive easier than a guest crossing the border. Once we are on the other side, he should leave us alone until the return journey." The princess nodded. "Very well. Lead on." Soon, the royal escort was fully in the open. She silently begged for her gossipy handmaidens to be quiet. The dragon residing near her kingdom was a fierce and terrible one. He—it had no human tongue, but others had reported it was definitely male—lived inside a dormant volcano, guarding what many believed was a massive hoard bigger than the palace treasury. He was known to be temperamental to trespassers, but tolerated the farms and small villages that dared to exist near the volcano. In recent years, he'd become extra protective of his territory, especially the volcano. Ten years ago, the dragon had snatched up a child in one of the small villages just outside of his territory. No one knew why, for the village and all its inhabitants had burned to the ground, but everyone assumed the child had been eaten. The rumor was that someone in the village had angered the dragon from afar, which led to the dragon attacking the town. Ever since then, even going near the border had been nerve-wracking for every traveler. One had to wait until the dragon was sleeping to visit one of the hardened villages within the territory. Calypso and her escort had made it halfway across the corner before a roar split the air. Her horse reared in alarm and the girls screamed. Knights drew their swords. In the sky, a bronze dot appeared, soaring straight for them. Panic ensued. The handmaidens scattered, though Piper tried to stay near Calypso. The knights kicked their steeds into motion, charging the descending dragon. The beast flew low and fast, swooping down and knocking men off their horses easily. His tail struck a knight, which shot him into a tree with pure force. Calypso's horse bolted before she could climb on. She ordered Piper to run far away, at which her best handmaiden refused. "Your majesty! Behind you!" She heard the knight too late. Right as she turned, a huge bronze hand grabbed her and lifted her into the air. Calypso screamed, watching in horror as the beast flew higher and higher. She tore her eyes away from the retreating ground to see that Piper was clutched in the dragon's other hand, also screaming. Within moments, the women had been flown deep into the dragon's territory. Calypso knew exactly where they were headed—it was kind of hard to miss a huge volcano standing alone on the ever-approaching horizon. Small intact villages and farmlands passed below them. The people below did not regard the dragon, they did not even look up and point, nor did they look too frightened that a thousand pound dragon was soaring over their heads as they went about their business. By the time they'd reached the volcano, both women had stopped screaming. They held still as the dragon began to descend into the mouth. No lava could be seen as they touched down into the base. He maneuvered both of them into his mouth, carrying them by the collars of their blouses. This is it , Calypso thought. I am going to die. We'll both be eaten by the terrible dragon of legend and there's nothing to stop him… The dragon carried them through a cavern in one of the walls. Soon, it sloped downwards as a tunnel. Piper held Calypso's hand. They were both clearly eager for this thing to get it over and done with. What if the legend is wrong? What if this is a female and…she's feeding us to her hatchlings!? As Calypso began thinking of even more horrible ways this situation could be worse, the dragon stopped. The princess looked around and blinked. This cavern was enormous, surrounded by cascading falls of lava on all sides, which cast a beautiful red glow. Where the lava was coming from in this dormant volcano, Calypso had no idea. Diamonds and jewels littered the sides, lining the spaces where the lava disappeared into the floor. In the middle of the cavern sat a huge nest of various animal pelts, feathers, and straw. But what caught Calypso's attention were the toys. Children's toys were scattered all around the room. Some were still in good condition. Some were meshed together as a new toy formed from two different toys. A few were things she'd never seen before, but looked appropriate for a child. Nothing was completely broken—in fact, none of the toys were broken. A few were charred or chipped, but none were broken. The dragon padded over to the nest and set the women down next to it. Calypso felt tiny next to the nest. It was twice her height! She looked at the dragon, who'd cocked his head and nodded toward the nest. "Is he forcing us to venture into the nest?" she hissed to Piper. The other young woman gulped. "I hope to the gods that there aren't any hatchlings in there and that we are walking to our deaths…" "Glad I wasn't the only one who thought of that." The dragon nodded to the nest again and snorted, as if impatient. Piper helped boost Calypso up. When she got her balance on top, the princess helped Piper climb up. Once they were both ready, they looked into the nest, expecting to see a brood of baby dragons ready to gobble them up. Instead, they saw a sleeping young man. He had curly black hair, a roundish face with an upturned nose and slightly pointed ears. A dirty sheepskin covered him, acting as his blanket. His skin was dark, but more caramel-colored than the reddish brown that Piper had. He was skinny and small of stature, looking no older than Calypso or Piper. He snored a little, which was kind of cute, but Calypso tried not to think about that. Piper gently slid into the nest, Calypso following. She looked up at the dragon and asked, "What do you want us to do?" In response, the dragon crawled into the nest with them. Before either girl could protest, the dragon shifted the three people and curled them against his belly, wrapping his tail around them gently. Calypso ended up softly squished against the boy. He smelled like ash and fire, but much friendlier than the smell would usually dictate. He shifted and groaned, "Festus…stop moving…" Suddenly, his skinny arms were around Calypso. She held still, soon realizing his grip was stronger than she thought. He snuggled up to her and hummed sleepily. "Better…" His speech was terrible and accented, like he barely knew how to talk. Calypso considered the situation; if this young man was living with a dragon, he very well could have lost most of his human speech. If anything, he probably spoke some drakish tongue on a regular basis and switched to human speech subconsciously in his sleep! Piper whispered, "What do we do?" Calypso considered the person between them. "I suppose we go to sleep. It is late…if the dragon was going to eat us, he would have done so