La-de-dah. This story involves a cuddly threesome. I promise, no smut or lemons. Just fluffy cuddles. If you don't like threesomes then this story probably isn't for you. I encourage you to give it a try though. So, I totally ship Caleo to the moon and back. Always will. It's my OTP. However (comma) I also have an OT3 (one true threesome). And that OT3 is Frazeleo. For this one-shot's sake, let's pretend that Leo didn't get blasted to Ogygia. He just ended up somewhere else. Calypso had been freed, so pretend she had a happy ending without Leo—I know, such blasphemy coming from me of all people :P Anyway, hope you enjoy this one-shot. It will go from when Leo was blasted off to his demise in BoO, so SPOILERS for Blood of Olympus near the end. Also, I apologize if the confessions seem a little weak. I'm not good at that, kind of like action. I'm better at fluff :3 Enjoy :D I own nothing you recognize as canon. Three is a Magic Number To say Hazel was worried was an understatement. While Jason tried to get the god of the Southern winds to cooperate, she and Frank had done most of the repair work to the Argo II . They were on a break right now, mostly because the big repair jobs were done; all the complicated stuff could only be fixed when Leo returned. Oh gods, Leo… Hazel felt her heart speed up. She tried not to think about how Leo could be in trouble right now. He could be hurt, alone, afraid, even dying— Stop it, she scolded herself. It won't help anyone to think like that. As if sensing her distress, Frank gripped her hand. She turned her head and smiled at him. "Thanks," she said. "What's wrong, Hazel?" he asked. "You look upset." She sighed. "I'm just…worried for Leo." His grip slackened for a moment, then tightened even more. She looked at his face. His expression was filled with concern and…something she couldn't read. He fixed it and looked at her with comforting eyes. "We'll find him," he promised. "Wherever he is, I'm sure he's okay." She sensed something else besides concern in his voice. She blinked at him, but didn't mention it. "Do you really believe that?" she asked him. Frank nodded without hesitation. "Yes. Leo's a good guy. He's resourceful, strong, cha—" He stopped. Hazel caught a small blush rising in his cheeks. "What? What were you about to say?" "Chatty," he replied all too quickly, not meeting her eyes. "Frank," she warned. Frank sighed. His blush deepened. "Fine. He's…charming…" "Charming?" Hazel blinked in surprise. "You think he's charming ?" "The annoying little imp grew on me, okay?" Hazel giggled. "Got a crush on him, do you? You little hypocrite." Frank's face was as red as a lobster. Hazel paused. "You mean…you do ?" Frank nodded mutely. Hazel gaped at him. "Wait, so…what does that mean for…us?" Frank's eyes widened. "I hope nothing bad! It's just…I'm so confused…I love you, Hazel, I really do! Then there's Leo…looking at him…I thought I hated him for liking you, but then…after Rome…" He trailed off. Leo woke up with a screaming headache. He sat up, sand pouring out of his ears and hair. He spat up seaweed. "Yuck," he coughed. Leo looked down and saw that his sphere was unharmed in his lap. Thank the gods , he thought. He was glad the sphere was still with him. If he'd lost it, bad things could happen to his poor ship. Speaking of which…where was his ship? Leo looked around. He was on a beach. The tide kept slapping his body, threatening to pull him back in. A couple fishermen were running towards him, yelling in Greek. Leo might've been a Greek demigod, but he was only hardwired to read Greek. He could only understand spoken English and Spanish (and Creak-and-Squeak, but that's different), and Ancient Greek class always bored him at camp. Leo shakily stood up with one of the men's help. His legs felt like jelly. He held on to the sphere, not daring to let either of the fishermen take it from him. They kept trying to talk to him, but then realized he couldn't understand. One of them tried in English, "You pain?" Lovely , he thought. At least it's something… "No," Leo said. Then he took a step forward and pain erupted from his ankle. He gasped and crumpled into the chest of the fisherman. He smelled like dead fish—imagine that. "Pain," the guy confirmed. "Foot pain." Leo looked at his foot and realized it was bent at an odd angle. It was probably broken. Fantastic. Leo tried to pry himself away from the two smelly dudes. "No. I'm fine. Just need…" Spots danced in his vision. He forced himself to stay awake. He tried to think of his friends. Jason and Piper were probably worried sick. He'd been blasted away right in front of them. Nico…okay, well he couldn't figure that guy out, but the son of Hades was probably worried a little bit, surely? Hazel… Leo's heart skipped a beat. This whole Hazel business was messing with his head. He couldn't figure out what his heart wanted. One moment he'd be mooning over her—how cute she was when she laughed, how her eyes lit up, the way the sun made her seem like she glowed—the next, he'd feel conflicted, like he couldn't make up his mind. He figured it was because Frank was there. The son of Mars was already in a relationship with Hazel, so flirting with her was kind of hard. But then again, Leo felt like he didn't want Frank totally gone… The spots returned. Leo slid further down into the ground, groaning. His ankle exploded in pain. The fisherman who was steadying him patted him on the head. "We help," he grunted. Leo couldn't argue anymore. The man picked the Latino up with ease. Leo cradled the Archimedes Sphere, hoping he wouldn't drop it. Darkness edged his vision. The two fishermen were conversing in Greek again. The one holding him looked at Leo and said, "I am Nemos. He is Thad. You?" "L-Leo…" he managed. "We take care of Leo," Nemos promised. "Heal." Leo didn't even reply. If the two fishermen were monsters, Leo figured they would've eaten him already. He passed out. "Bisexual," Hazel repeated. Frank nodded. "It's a bit confusing, but I'm pretty sure that's what I am…I love you. But at the same time, I feel like I need Leo, too." Hazel blushed. "Since you're bringing it up…I would like to talk to you about that. About Leo." Frank gave her a curt nod. "Go on." "I want to say that…that I've started feeling something towards him. Don't get me wrong, I love you, too. But I feel like you; I feel like Leo needs to be here next to me. At first I thought it was because he was like Sammy, but then I realized it was because he was Leo. I need him just as much as I need you." Frank blushed. "So, then…we both feel the same way?" Hazel kissed him. "We need Leo. We both need him." "Agreed. But…does he need us?" Hazel paused. Frank saw the wheels in her head turning. They both had agreed that they needed Leo—that they loved him, even. But Leo might not feel the same about them. He might feel ashamed or even scared of them coming after him. "I suppose we'll talk to him when we comes back," she whispered. "I hope he'll understand our feelings for him." Frank nodded again. "Jason's getting nowhere with the ship. We need to find Leo." Hazel blinked at him. "How? How can we find him?" Frank took out a drachma. "Maybe we can contact him? We haven't tried that yet." They both went downstairs to one of the bathrooms and turned on the shower. When a rainbow appeared, Frank tossed in the coin. "Um," he said, trying to remember how Percy did it before. "O Fleecy, do me a solid. Show me Leo Valdez?" The mist flickered. A sleeping Latino appeared in the rainbow. He was wrapped in dirty looking blankets, lying on a small cot. A tiny table was next to his head, a bowl of soup getting cold on top of it. The boy's curly black hair was wet, probably because a wet towel was resting on his forehead. "Leo!" Hazel reached towards the Iris Message, but then stopped herself before she swiped away the mist on accident. "Leo, please! Wake up!" Leo shifted in his sleep, but otherwise didn't wake up. His eyebrows scrunched up. Frank guessed he must be in pain. He noticed for the first time how pale the Latino looked. "Leo," he tried. "We're coming to get you." His voice was shaking. Gods, these feelings for the son of Hephaestus were really weird… "Just hang in there." Leo groaned. His face contorted in agony and he cried out. Hazel looked like she was holding back tears. Frank could feel his own emotions welling up in his stomach. Most of it was fear for Leo's safety. Suddenly, muffled voices could be heard. Frank could hear them speaking Greek. He cursed himself for being Roman in a time like this. He swiped away the message before anyone could see him or Hazel. Hazel hugged Frank. "We have to help him," she cried. Frank nodded. "We need to leave now." They ran back upstairs. Frank didn't even think about letting anyone know where they were going. He turned into a dragon, let Hazel climb on, and took off into the sky. Wherever Leo was, they were going to find him. Leo woke up feeling sick. He felt like he had a fever—which was saying something, considering how hot he was on a normal basis. He shifted in the bed. How did he get in a bed? His foot felt prickly and weird. He lifted the stained covers and grimaced. His right foot was wrapped in bandages around the ankle. His skin near his toes was sickly green. "Ugh," he groaned. Leo looked around. He was in a small room. There was one door and one window the size of a person's head. Leo was lying in one of two beds and there was a side table next to him. On the other side of the room, next to the second bed, was a desk with a bunch of papers, an unlit candle, and the Archimedes Sphere on top. A single chair sat next to the desk, Leo's tool belt hanging casually over the back. The only light in the room (besides the window) was from an overhanging oil lamp on the ceiling. Leo felt like the room was swaying. His stomach churned and he was glad it was empty. Otherwise he would have been throwing up by now. He groaned louder. The door opened. A figure stepped inside. A light bulb lit up in Leo's mind as he recognized the figure to be one of the fishermen that had rescued him earlier. "Pain?" he—Leo thought his name was Nemos?—asked in horrible-accented English. Leo nodded. "I feel sick," he said, his voice scratchy. Nemos strode up to the bed (boy, did he take thundering steps) and pulled out a thermometer. He placed it under Leo's tongue. "One hundred and twenty-eight," he remarked with raised eyebrows. "Should be dead at one hundred and eleven." Leo shrugged, wincing. "I have a naturally hot internal temperature." Nemos tilted his head. "Strange boy." Leo almost grinned. "I get called that…a lot…" His stomach churned again and he almost puked. He groaned again, clutching his midsection. Nemos gave him a smile. "No sea legs." Leo glared at him. "Hey, pal," he complained. "I built my own warship. From scratch. I definitely have my sea legs—just not when I'm sicker than Hades." Nemos obviously didn't understand. "Rest,