Blame Radycat on Tumblr and K-ym on Deviantart for this. I got inspired by Radycat's pirate AU of Pipeyna and Leason, and REALLY wanted to put a story to K-ym's AWESOME picture 'They Call Me Captain Hot Stuff' (check it out 'cause it's awesome and smexy and *faints*) Also, the idea for Nico in this story is also credited to K-ym, because she drew another pic of him as a pirate escaping Percy's grasp. So, that is why Percy is in the navy here as well. Credit for that idea goes to K-ym. It won't be Nicercy, though, as I have a feeling that was what she was implying…? These are canon pairings here. Slight Percabeth, a hint of Solangelo, Frazel, and heavy Caleo. Anyway, I think the idea of Leo the pirate is one of the sexiest ideas ever, but even though the picture has him really hot, I have decided to keep to Rick's original scrawny Leo image (sorry, K-ym). For humor and Caleo bonding sake, of course xD This was SUPPOSED to be a really big one-shot, but I got too inspired. Now it's a three-shot! Ha ha! So, here we go! I own nothing you recognize as canon. *~Captain Hot Stuff~* Part One The Princess, the Commodore, and the Pirates Calypso twirled a bit of her caramel hair in between her fingers. She was bored out of her mind. As one of the king's daughter, this was not an uncommon occurrence. Normally she'd find better things to do, like tending to the palace gardens or shopping in the town square. She couldn't do that here—on a gods-forsaken ship . There was literally nothing to do except stare at the never-ending sea and bother the deckhands. Bothering the captain wasn't really a smart thing to do, since he was a high-ranked official in her kingdom's navy. "Madam, is there something wrong?" Calypso turned to see the very man she wanted to not bother staring right at her. His name was Perseus 'Percy' Jackson, the commodore of King Atlas' navy. As far as looks go, he was really handsome, with wind-blown black hair, sea green eyes, and tan skin. He'd set Calypso's heart into a dance when he first spoke to her a few years ago, his voice smooth and deep. Unfortunately, he was already infatuated with another naval officer, Captain Annabeth Chase. Since she'd learned that information, Calypso had not taken so much as a second glance at the commodore. He was just the naval escort. Nothing else. Calypso shook her head. "Nothing's wrong, Commodore," she answered. "I'm just…trying to think of something to do…" Percy chuckled. "I hear you. Months at sea can drive a person insane. I can't imagine having to travel the sea for months in anticipation for an arranged marriage." Calypso didn't like that subject. She was the youngest of King Atlas' daughters, and she was traversing the stupid ocean to marry some pompous prince she'd never met. It was some sort of political marriage or some schist. Since she was the youngest, the kingdom could afford to send her away like some cow. Calypso glared at the commodore. "You don't have to bring that up." He shrugged. "Trying to strike up conversation…" "Try with someone else," she spat. "How long until we reach our destination?" "You keep asking every day, as if I can make this boat go any faster." He chuckled again. "I may be blessed with the luck of having favorable winds, but I can't control my ship nor can I make the men row faster." Calypso rolled her eyes. "They might be inclined to go faster should they think pirates are chasing us." "Don't jinx it," he scolded. "Pirates are no joking matter. Before I had to escort you, I'd run into the Ghost King, Captain Nico di Angelo. Twice! He'd barely escaped me last time, and next time I will get him. I don't want you on board when that happens." The Ghost King was a mysterious pirate captain. His ship was known to be constantly shrouded in fog, and it was rare someone survived an encounter with him. At present, only Commodore Jackson and Captain Chase could retaliate or use their wits to escape. It was rumored that a privateer by the name of William Solace could also get close, but there was no such proof yet. "I'd love a little excitement," Calypso muttered. "'A little excitement' is not a happy wish," Percy warned. "There are others besides the Ghost King out there. Others who would rob you blind, kill you, or worse." "What is worse than killing?" "Becoming a personal whore, a sex slave for the ship, a prisoner, torture," he listed. "Among other things." Calypso waved him off. "I highly doubt that. If anything, I'm sure I'd be a ransom. Anyone who saw me would know my father has enough money to make my captors richer than they'd ever dream." Percy's eyebrows rose. "A little cocky, aren't we?" "Just stirring up conversation," she said with a grin. When she turned to the aft end of the ship, she noticed something unusual. A stack of smoke was rising from a single point in the distance. Was something on fire out there? "Commodore," she said. "What is that?" Percy came up next to her and squinted. "What is what?" She pointed to the smoke, which now seemed to be getting closer. "I think someone's ship is burning. They might be in trouble." The officer took out his spyglass. Within seconds, he blanched. He turned to the crew and yelled, "All hands! Battle stations! Prepare for attack!" Suddenly the whole upper deck was teeming with scrambling sailors. Many were loading the cannons, some handed out rifles and hand guns. One sailor, a burly man by the name of Frank Zhang, began herding Calypso away. "My lady," he said. "It's not safe up here. You must go to the lower deck." "Why?" she protested. "What's going on?" "You wanted excitement," Percy yelled. "Well, you got it!" "The Ghost King is actually attacking?" Frank shook his head. "Worse." Worse?! Who's worse than Captain di Angelo? Before heading below deck, Calypso stole a glance behind her. The smoke stack was now hovering above a dark splotch. She didn't understand how a ship could be on fire yet move so fast. Within minutes, Frank had stuffed Calypso into a roomy broom closet. "Don't get out," he ordered. "I'm going to lock the door and then guard your room as a decoy. It's filled with treasure, so that should distract the pirates from searching the ship for hostages. That's if they don't destroy it…" Calypso felt the blood drain from her face as Frank locked her in. She kept the light off, fearing someone might discover her. BOOM! The entire ship shook and Calypso went tumbling. A mop fell on her head and she groaned. Another boom made the ship vibrate, and screams echoed from above. Feet pounded. Guns fired. Cannons thundered. The most disturbing sound was the laughter. Men were having fun up there, and Calypso suspected it wasn't Percy's men. She sat in the corner, hugging her knees to her chest. She didn't seem so thrilled about this whole pirate idea now. Percy's words echoed in her mind: Personal whore, sex slave, tortured prisoner… People thundered down her hall. Calypso heard Frank yell out in defiance. Steel clashed. In a few seconds, she heard someone fall to the ground—most likey, it was Frank. "Put him up with the others," came a gruff male voice. A body was dragged up the stairs as the pirates kicked Calypso's room door down. They screamed in ecstasy upon seeing the treasure—Calypso's dowry—in the room. "Hoo boy!" yelled one. "Take a look at all this gold!" "An' the jewels!" howled another that sounded almost identical to the first. The gruff voice from before said, "Get as much as you can. I'll search around." "For more treasure?" the two akin voices asked. "For the owner. I don't imagine Commodore Jackson had all these dresses for his own personal use, and I didn't see Captain Chase anywhere above deck. There's gotta be a rich lady aboard." Footsteps echoed. The brothers (at least, that's what Calypso assumed the two alike voices were) kept making trips up and down the stairs with Calypso's dowry. She tried not to breathe at each approaching step. Then, a shadow fell on the floor in front of her closet door. The princess's eyes widened. The handle jiggled, but the door didn't open. "Ah," the gruff voice sighed. "What ever shall I do? A locked door…too bad I'm not a locksmith…" His footsteps walked away. Calypso held her breath. After a moment, she let it out in relief. Then, the door imploded. It crashed to the ground, barely missing her as she yelped and pressed up against the wall. Light flooded the room and three figures looked into the broom closet. Two of them were definitely twins, adorned in pearl necklaces and golden earrings, bracelets, rings and various pieces of jewelry stolen from Calypso's room. They both had scruffy brown hair, smirking like they had told a joke. The third was a burly guy with a wide chest, dirty blonde hair and dark eyes. He and the twins were all dressed in a mix of traditional pirate wear and bronze armor. The burly guy had goggles on his head and a bandage over his nose. "Why hello, there, Madame," the guy said with a sly grin. "What could you be doing in such a dirty place? You seem like the kind of gal that should be bunking in the royal suite down the hall." The twins snickered. Calypso steeled herself and tried to look brave. "So, what now?" she asked. "You kill me?" The burly guy shook his head. "Nah. We'll just bring you above deck for our first mate to examine. Levesque will want to get a good look at you and see if you're worth the trouble of a ransom." "Judging by the goods in her room," said one twin. "Her family's gotta be loaded," finished the other. The guy heaved Calypso to her feet and forcefully dragged her up the stairs. Once above deck, she assessed what had happened quickly. Next to Commodore Jackson's ship was a huge black and bronze monstrosity that looked an awful lot like a ship. Where the mast should be was a huge smoke chimney made of metal, billowing smoke and blocking out the sun. Painted on the stack was a flaming skull and crossbones. On the bow was a large dragon head that seemed to be made of bronze, with ruby eyes. Black oars, numbering maybe two hundred or more, lined the bottom. Painted on the side of the ship thing were the words ARGO II . All figures standing on the deck were pirates. Each of them had random bits of armor on them—some on the shins, some on the wrists, some over the chest or thighs—most of the burlier pirates, like the one who had found Calypso, wore goggles. Some of them were bandaged and covered in soot. They all wore trinkets like golden bronze chains or gears strung into their fabric. Percy's men (as well as the commodore himself) were tied to the masts, mostly unconscious. Calypso was shoved over towards Percy and tied next to him. The commodore was knocked out, but Frank (who had a welt the size of a small country on his head) was awake and looking quite defeated. "Sorry, princess," he mumbled as she tried to escape her bonds. "I thought that would work." "Not your fault," she whispered. "These guys were just too smart." "I should have known they'd figure it out…They are the Hephaestus pirates, after all." Hephaestus pirates? Calypso remembered a story of a dreaded pirate from a few decades ago, a bit before she was born. He was feared for his traps and grumpy