Happy V-Day/SAD, everyone~! In honor of this (rather dumb) holiday, here's our favorite characters as...CRYSTAL GEMS~! Okay, before anyone says anything, this is NOT a crossover. This is more of an AU than anything else. If Steven or the real Crystal Gems were present in this story, then I would classify it as a crossover. However, it is merely our beloved Rick characters as gems themselves, still in New York and not in Beach City. This whole idea actually belongs to Shelbye, aka PoorArtistGirl27 on DA. She had an 'Ask PJO Crystal Gems' blog on tumblr and I received permission from her to write about my favorite gem: Citrine. Who is that? Why, none other than Leo! Who the Hell else could my favorite be in any Percy Jackson universe? xD I own nothing you recognize as canon in either universe. *~Citrine and His Radio~* "Percy, I keep telling you not to collect random things!" Nico, also known as Onyx, growled as he pinched the bridge of his nose. "And yet here you come with a human object in your hands. What even is that?" Percy, the Aquamarine gem, shrugged. "I dunno. It looks cool." Rachel, one of the only two humans that had actually made friends with the crystal gems currently residing just outside of New York, glanced up from her painting. In Percy's hands was an old radio, covered in rust with springs and gears sticking out of holes where buttons probably should be. It was a sad little thing. "That's a radio," Rachel said. "But it doesn't look like it'll work, Percy." "What do you mean?" Aquamarine shook the radio. "It played pretty music earlier!" The radio stayed silent. "Well it did," Percy whined, shaking the radio. "I don't know why it isn't playing now." Suddenly, Citrine—a gem otherwise known as Leo—burst into the room. He was flashing his latest obsession, a bag full of ice cream, with a giant grin on his face. "Lookit, guys! These things are called Push-Ups! You push on the stick and it pops up so you can eat more!" His eyes landed on Percy's new radio. They lit up and he squealed, "Oh! Percy, can I have that!? I love radios and that one looks like it needs some Leo Love !" Percy blinked as Leo shoved the Push-Ups into his hands, prying the radio out of them at the same time. "Leo," he protested. "I found it first!" "But I can totally fix it!" Leo grinned. "Then you can have it back, I promise!" He rubbed his cheek against the radio. "Look at it…It needs to be fixed up to even compare to the rest of the junk in your room!" A tiny spark flew off of the radio and hit Leo, making his curly hair stand up. If possible, he grinned even wider, so much so that Rachel thought his face would split in two. "See? It agrees with me!" Apparently that was the end of the conversation, because Leo ran through the house and into his room without another word. Percy stared at the bag in his hands. "What just happened?" Nico came over and stole a Push-Up. "You got tasked with putting the ice cream away." Leo dramatically sighed, draping himself over his work table. "C'mon, baby, work with me here!" He'd fixed up the radio's outside quickly enough, and had gotten all the wires and springs and gears replaced that needed to be. The broken antennae had been fixed. By exploring the innards of the radio, he'd discovered that the thing didn't run on tubes like the ancient radios this one was modeled after—everything it needed to run was hooked up to a normal Earth gem. And boy, was that gem a beauty ! It was a big Moukaite gem, sparkling with sunset colors. The gem itself was cut much like a diamond, which Leo thought was amazing, considering it was extremely hard to cut diamond shapes into gems that weren't diamonds. Leo had tried everything to get this stupid radio to work. He'd fixed it, gave it offerings, told it what to play, poked the gem, even hit the outside with a hammer. Still nothing. And then, as Leo walked through the main room of Rachel's house, the radio in his arms, he spotted Percy sitting at the counter, examining a burger. The radio suddenly turned on, the volume low at first. As the sound rose, Leo could hear a beautiful voice singing a tune so lovely he actually stopped in his tracks. The voice continued, and Leo closed his eyes, sighing. Then, it stopped. Leo opened his eyes. Percy had left the room. Leo shook the radio. "Hey! Turn back on! How'd you do that?" Leo set it on a side table and pulled up a chair. "Please turn back on," he whined. It took hours, and Leo sat by the radio religiously until the darn thing turned back on. And when it had, Jason—Benitoite—had been walking through the main room, looking for his goggles. The radio turned on so suddenly, it made Leo jump. "Hey, there you are," Leo exclaimed. "Why'd you turn on now?" Jason came up behind Leo. "What are you doing?" "Trying to figure out why this darn thing is playing hard-to-get!" Leo rubbed the radio, which was still playing. "I've been trying to get it to play for four hours, and then suddenly it turns on!" Jason put a finger to his chin. "That's really pretty music. It sounds too pretty to be Earth music, doesn't it?" "I didn't notice," Leo admitted. "Jason! What were your goggles doing in my room!?" The Rhodochrosite gem, a beautiful girl named Piper, stomped into the room, holding up Jason's visor goggles. Jason rushed over to take them from her. "Sorry! I don't know how that keeps happening!" Piper huffed, but seemed to be hiding a smile. "I bet you it was one of our resident pranksters. Whatever." Jason kissed her, apologizing again. Leo gagged. "Get a more private room!" That was when he noticed the radio had turned off. "Wait, what? Why'd you turn off?" It took a few more times of the radio turning on and off randomly before Leo flailed and yelled, "Work with me here! I'm trying to help!" Jason and Piper left the room, shaking their heads in amusement at Leo's 'antics'. Eventually, Leo figured something out: The radio was very picky about who it played for. Mostly, he'd discovered that the radio really liked Percy. Every time that silly Aquamarine waltzed into the room, the radio turned on! When he tried to grab at it, Leo pushed him away, saying it wasn't totally fixed. There was a grand total of two times that the radio played for someone other than Percy: the first had been Jason before Piper entered the room, and the second had been Will, the other human the gems regularly hung out with. However, once Will had begun to slyly flirt with Nico in front of the others (at which point the Onyx gem would flush and hiss that he should not be so loud), the radio turned off. The final time Leo heard it play for Percy, Annabeth (Grey Star Sapphire) showed up. When the two gems started holding hands and getting close to each other on the couch, the radio went silent. Two weeks later, Leo still couldn't start it up on command, or even at all anymore. He tried hiding while bribing Percy or Jason to walk into the main room alone at separate occasions, but it kept up the silence. Rachel had been genuinely concerned and tried to get Leo out of the main room for more than a few minutes, but Citrine wouldn't budge. Jason and Piper also grew concerned; when Leo grew obsessed about something, it was really hard to break his concentration. Leo's human form grew rather disheveled, with tangled hair and a somehow-thin frame, and though gems don't require food, the others started to think he might. Leo talked to the radio nonstop. At first it was pleading for it to play, then it became random stories, and finally it ended up becoming recounts of his adventures and personal life on Earth with the other gems, Rachel, and Will. Eventually, as he told his stories, Leo somehow reached the conclusion that the radio was jealous of Nico, Annabeth, and Piper, and he got very testy. "Y'know," he spat one night while everyone else had retreated to their rooms. "I'm gettin' real annoyed at that! None of the other Kindergarten gems—or even the converted Homeworld gems and humans!—seem to notice me! If I'm alone, I'm instantly the annoying little Citrine that's socially awkward, and if I'm with any of my friends…it's the Jason and Percy Show…" His lower lip trembled in angry sadness. "And now this . You sit there and wait for all the stereotypical 'hot guys' to show up and then get all silent when you see they've already got someone on their arm. And yet…not once have you played for me. I know I'm not Aquamarine or Benitoite or even a cool-looking human…" A tear ran down his cheek. "…but, y'know…at least I've paid attention to you. At least I fixed your wiring…At least I talk to you." He scrubbed the rare tear away and took the radio back to his room, placing it on his work desk. "What am I doing," he mumbled to himself. "Breaking down over a radio, that's what I'm doing. I'm losing it…" He grabbed a small white sheet and placed it over the radio. He stood for a moment, watching the still, radio-shaped sheet on the table in sadness before sighing and flopping down on the ground. Suddenly, he heard a tune. A sad little tune sung by a beautiful voice. Leo rushed to his feet and flung the sheet off the radio. The tune grew just a bit happier and Leo's face broke into a smile. "Hey, there," he said. "You finally decided to play for me, huh?" His eyes filled with tears. "Well…thank you…that's all I wanted…" Leo started to sob. He hugged the radio and sank to the ground, crying silently as the radio played for him. For him . The tune switched to a lullaby, one Leo hadn't heard in decades. He cried himself into unconsciousness, enjoying the sudden peace. For a few more days, Leo talked to the radio—this time, telling it his bottled-up feelings while the radio played. Those feelings were things no other could know about—not even Jason and Piper, his two best friends in the universe. He told the radio of his insecurities, his feelings of inferiority to his friends, his inability to do many things not involving mechanics correctly, and of his awkwardness towards finding an eventual partner. It was his dream to be like Frank—the resident Heliotrope fusion of two gems, Red Jasper and Diopside—and one day fuse with another to create one harmonious gem. Maybe then he wouldn't be so socially inadequate. Maybe then he'd be able to do things correctly. "Maybe then I wouldn't be the weird gem in the corner during missions," he finished one day. Leo sighed. The music switched off and he glanced at the radio. "Not that you'd understand," he said sadly. "You're just a radio with an Earth gem inside. Not even a planted gem, I bet. Just a regular, old, Earth gem. Not exactly anyone's type around here." He chuckled, despite himself. "It'd be funny if you were one of us, though…sure would explain your behavior." A laugh escaped his lips. "I bet you'd look all funky. Weird-looking and all that jazz, right? No wonder you're so jealous of the girls (and Nico) who have the greatest-looking guys." He flipped a switch on the front of the radio. "All the not-pretty girls set their standards real high, in my opinion." And then, suddenly… A flash blinded him. The radio's music—the