Still have wi-fi! Yay! This is a little one-shot that came in to my mind after thinking about a certain couple of movies. Can you spot the references? I own nothing you recognize as canon. *~Old and New Friends~* A Leo Valdez fanfiction Frank didn't know Leo had a tattoo. He was pretty sure no one knew. Honestly, he might not have seen it had Leo not been hanging upside down. Frank had been walking by the engine room, heading for the infirmary for some Aspirin (he had a bit of a headache) when he heard Leo yell. The boy was screaming in a mix of Greek and Spanish, neither of which sounded particularly good-mannered. The son of Mars hesitantly stuck his head in the engine room, hoping there weren't any active flames. "Leo?" he called. "You okay in here?" "Frank! Up here!" Frank looked up and saw Leo hanging upside down from a sticky web on the ceiling. The web was all over him, but he was attached the ceiling only by a web stuck to one of his feet. His shirt was on the ground below him, and one of his hands was stuck to his face. "How in the name of Mars did you get up there?" Frank asked. Leo glared at him and wiggled, only managing to turn in circles. "Just help me get down!" "How?" "Get a knife or Jason's sword or something and cut me loose!" Frank grabbed a small saw that was laying nearby and located a ladder. As he climbed it, he asked, "Seriously, though—how did you even get into this situation?" Leo huffed, clearly annoyed. "I was experimenting with one of my spheres. I designed it to be a web grenade, y'know? Kinda like the flash bombs. Only…" "You detonated it prematurely?" Frank guessed with a smirk. Leo growled, "Shut up." He wiggled again, causing him to spin once more. "I'm seeing spots here! And I'm getting dizzy…" Frank began cutting some of the webbing on Leo's body, saving the ceiling part for last. "Why is your shirt off?" "When I originally got stuck, it kept falling over my face," the son of Hephaestus explained. "I managed to get it off, but then my hand…" He tried to pull his hand away from his cheek, but it bounced back and smacked him. "I didn't think the web would be this strong." "Why didn't you catch fire?" Leo's mouth formed a thin line. "I try to make my inventions slightly fire resistant. Ever since my mom died, I made it a habit to try to not burn everything down." That was a pretty comforting thought to Frank. He was glad Leo thought that far ahead into some of his work. About five minutes into the sawing, Leo groaned. "Ngh…Frank, you mind hurrying it up? I'm really feeling weird…" "How long have you been like this?" Leo shrugged. "Half hour? I can't remember…" That was definitely not good. All the blood had probably drained into his head. When Leo got down he would need to get to the infirmary for some steady oxygen. Frank got off the ladder and pulled together a soft place for Leo to land. He then climbed back up and began to cut the main webbing tying the repair boy to the ceiling. That was when Frank saw the tattoo. It was small, right on Leo's hairline at the back of his neck. When his hair was down, no one would ever see it. Now that he was upside down, Frank could see it clearly. It was a small tattoo of a cross with wings. Judging by how faded it looked, Frank had to guess it was a few years old. "I didn't know you had a tattoo," he said aloud. "Huh?" Leo slurred. "I have a raccoon?" Frank immediately dropped the question and sawed faster. Within another minute, the webbing snapped and Leo fell onto the soft bedding and mattress. He groaned, then laughed. "Pretty birds," he said. "How'd they get in?" His eyes rolled back and he collapsed. Frank dropped down to the floor, scooped Leo up and ran to the infirmary. Thankfully, after a few minutes Leo felt better and functional again. He relied on the oxygen mask for a bit and tried to breathe slowly. He didn't try to stand right away, but probably couldn't anyway. Frank was still trying to cut away the excess webbing. "When did you get that tattoo?" Frank asked once Leo's hand was cut away from his face. Leo's eyes widened. "I don't have a tattoo." "I saw it clear as day. It was on your neck, right below your hairline. It's a cross with wings." Leo looked away and rubbed the back of his neck. "I…I, uh, had a pretty sketchy past." Frank cocked an eyebrow. "Honestly, that part wasn't too bad," Leo admitted. "Maybe the tatt was a bad idea, but the gang I was in when I got it was actually a pretty cool family." "You were in a gang?" Frank asked incredulously. "A small one outside of Dallas. The Dodgers. We had some good times. Our leader, Jack Dawkins, was eighteen. I only spent a year with them, but they were the closest thing to a family I'd known before Camp Half-Blood." "How old were you?" Leo shrugged. "Ten. Someone set Jack up and got him and the others arrested a little after I turned eleven. Me and another member were the only ones who didn't get caught. 'Course, I got caught a few days later for other reasons and was brought to Social Services." Frank couldn't believe his ears. He never thought of Leo as a gang member. Trying to imagine a ten-year-old version as one was hard. "Were they really family, though?" he asked. Leo smiled sadly. "We were all runaways. Jack found me sleeping in an alley and brought me to the gang's place. There was only a few members; Jack, Francis, Eddy, Rita, Olivia, and me. Olivia was a year older than me. Everyone else was upper teens. Sure, we stole, tagged, even beat up some other gangs. We never did anything that bad, though. We never shot people or stabbed an innocent person off the street. Our best defense when we got caught was to run." Leo looked down and sighed. "Sometimes, before I found out Hephaestus was my dad, I would wish I could go back to Houston and start up a gang like that—or see if Jack was willing to take me in again if he got out of jail. At least with the Dodgers I felt like I belonged—like I wasn't some monthly check." "You don't feel that way now?" "Nah." Leo grinned. "You guys are like a family to me, too. My time with the Dodgers is long gone. I'm glad I found a home at CHB." Frank smiled. "I'm happy to hear that." Leo's grin got bigger. "Hey, is your name actually the short form of Francis?" "No. Why?" "Francis was a sixteen-year-old girl in the gang. She always insisted people call her that. I called her Frankie, just to annoy her." "I'm so happy your annoying personality came about when you were ten," Frank complained. They laughed. Leo yawned. "What time is it?" Frank looked at the clock on the wall. "About eight PM. Why?" Leo shrugged. "I've been up a while. That webbing incident finally drained me, I guess." He stood up and stretched. "I think I'll hit the sack." "Can I get a better look of your tattoo, first?" Leo nodded and lifted up his hair on the back of his neck. Frank's fingers hovered over the cross and wings. "Was this the Dodgers' brand?" "No. Jack didn't want me getting the brand—it was a spade with a sun inside—'til I was at least fifteen. I saw Frankie getting a tattoo of some sort of flower on her arm one day. She said it was to honor her dead sister. Ten-year-olds are influential creatures. I went to a guy in the shop and asked if he would do one for me. I had cash. The guy took me to the back and gave me this." "Does it mean anything?" "I chose it because I missed my mom." Leo's eyes turned misty. "Hurt like Hades, but it was worth it to me." Frank patted him on the back. "I'm sure your mom is proud of you." "Don't start with that," Leo complained. He smiled. Frank returned the smile. "Go to bed, gang member." Leo waved him off and tottered off to the engine room. After five minutes, Frank poked his head in to make sure Leo was actually going to sleep. He saw the son of Hephaestus curled up inside a blanket on the small mattress in the middle of the room. He was breathing steadily. Frank returned to the infirmary, took a few Aspirins (for he still felt like he had a headache) and went to his room. Within minutes, he, too, was out like a light. That night, someone must have been watching, for Frank did not have the usual demigod nightmares. He dreamed not of the future, but of the past. Frank found himself inside a small, rundown basement. Sirens blared outside. Salsa music softly echoed through the place. A few lights flickered weakly overhead, almost in time with the beat. Frank noticed a few inflatable mattresses and tents strewn around the room. A table had stale pizza on top of it, as well as empty soda bottles. Cigarette butts were littered everywhere. There was a TV in the corner. Static filled its screen, but there was a pretty good picture to go by. A teenage girl sat on a roller chair, watching it. She had blonde hair and piercing brown eyes. Earrings dangled from her ears and a bandage wrapped her left arm. A teenage boy, around Frank's age, was asleep on one of the mattresses. He was tall and lanky, with dirty clothes that looked a little small on him. He cradled a broken tennis racket like a teddy bear. Another, older girl lay in one of the tents. She was African American. From what Frank could tell, she looked beautiful, with reddish-brown hair and makeup that wasn't smeared. Frank turned his attention to the salsa music. There was a corner with gears and parts and bulbs that held a smaller sleeping bag. A tiny radio played the music. Nearby, a small Latino boy in an oversized sweatshirt swiveled his hips and cha-cha'ed around. He had curly black hair and elfish features. A bandage was wrapped gently around his neck. Leo? Frank's vision moved closer and he realized it was Leo! He had the same upturned nose, round face, and pointy ears. And his little area matched Frank's Leo's messy engine room in terms of cleanliness. "Leo!" called the girl watching TV. She had a tiny British accent. "Stop that racket! I'm trying to watch this show!" Leo pursed his lips and turned off his radio. Then, he grinned and walked over to the girl. She was so engrossed in the show, some sort of soap opera, that she never noticed the small elf wandering towards her. In an instant, he popped his head up and scooted close to the screen, facing away from her. "Hey, Frankie, girl, what'cha watchin', girl?" He had a heavier Mexican accent than Frank thought he would have. His Leo spoke with only a slight accent, one that you didn't pick up on unless you really tried to hear it. This Leo's English was thick and almost hard to understand. Frankie—or Francis, as Frank remembered Leo's explanation—grimaced at the new, curly-haired wall in front of her TV screen. Leo continued to ramble. "Hey, does he get the girl? I mean, what happened?" Francis kicked him to the side. "Shut up, you little Mexican rat!" Leo suddenly appeared from behind her chair. "Hey, man, 'dis