The Arrow Summary After a violent shipwreck, billionaire playboy Percy Jackson was missing and presumed dead for five years before being discovered alive on a remote island in the pacific. When he returns home to Starling City, his devoted mother Sally, much-beloved sister Thea, and best friend Leo welcome him home, but they sense Percy has been changed by his ordeal on the island. While Percy hides the truth about the man he's become, he desperately wants to make amends for the actions he took as the boy he was. Most particularly, he seeks reconciliation with his former girlfriend, Thalia Lance. As Percy reconnects with those closest to him, he secretly creates the persona of Arrow - a vigilante – to right the wrongs of his family, fight the ills of society, and restore Starling City to its former glory. By day, Percy plays the role of a wealthy, carefree and careless philanderer he used to be - flanked by his devoted chauffeur/bodyguard, Grover Underwood - while carefully concealing the secret identity he turns to under cover of darkness. However, Thalia's father, Detective Zeus Lance, is determined to arrest the vigilante operating in his city. Meanwhile, Percy's own mother, Sally, knows much more about the deadly shipwreck than she has let on – and is more ruthless than he could ever imagine. Chapter 1 A man breathes heavily whilst running through the forest. He climbs a cliff wall and sees a fishing boat in the distance. He continues to run and jumps down to the ground below. He reaches what seems to be his campsite; he sets his bow and arrow and fires a flaming arrow into a pile of sticks creating an explosion and alerting the native fisherman to the island. The native fisherman points his friend to the island. "Hey, what is that?" " I don't know. Let's check it out." " The name of the island they found me on is Lian Yu . It's mandarin for "purgatory". I've been stranded here for 5 years. I've dreamt of my rescue every cold black night since then. For 5 years, I have had only one thought, one goal… survive…" Said the man as he removes his hood and shows his face, "survive and one day return home. The island held many dangers. To live, I had to make myself more than what I was, to forge myself into a weapon. I am returning not the boy who was shipwrecked but the man who will bring justice to those who have poisoned my city. My name is Percy Jackson. ~~~~~~~~~~~Starling City~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ " Percy Jackson is alive. The Starling City resident was found by fisherman in the North China sea 5 days ago, 5 years after he was missing and presumed dead following the accident at sea which claimed "The Princess Andromeda". Jackson was a regular tabloid presence and a fixture at the Starling City club scene. Shortly before his disappearance, he was acquitted of assault charges stemming from a highly publicized drunken altercation with paparazzi. Jackson is the son of Starling City billionaire Poseidon Jackson, who was also on board but now officially confirmed as deceased." Exclaimed the Television Anchorman on TV. ~~~~~~~~~~Starling City Hospital~~~~~~~~~~ Percy Jackson, who had now shaved his hair, looked out the hospital room window emotionless whilst the doctor talked outside the room. The doctor said to his mother. "20% of his body is covered in scar tissue. Second-degree burns on his back and arms. X-rays show at least 12 fractures that never properly headed. His mother questioned the doctor with sadness. "Has he said anything about what happened?" The doctor replied. "No. He's barely said anything." His mother looks at Percy. "Sally, I'd like you to prepare yourself. The Percy you lost…might not be the one they found." "Alright, thanks doctor." She said as she goes into the hospital room on the precipice of tears. "Percy." Percy turns around. "Mom." He said as they walked towards each other. "Oh… my beautiful boy." She said as they hug. ~~~~~~~~Jackson Mansion~~~~~~ A black sedan pulls up to the house. The trunk opens and the drive reaches for the wooden suitcase, but Percy stops him. "I've got it." As they enter the house, Sally says, "Your room is exactly as you left it. I never had the heart to change a thing." "Percy. It's damn good to see you." Percy looks at him. "It's Paul… Paul Blofis." "You remember Paul, your father's friend from the company." Percy sees the maid waiting at the front. "It's good to see you, Raisa." Raisa replies. "Welcome home, Mr. Percy. Mr. Heph phoned. He wants to join you for dinner. "Wonderful," Sally says as a door opens and closes, "Percy? Did you hear that?" She asks Percy as he walks toward the staircase. "Hey, sis." "I knew it. I knew you were alive." Thea says as she runs downs and hugs him. "I missed you so much." "You were with me the whole time." ~~~~~~CNRI Office~~~~~~~ Two women have a conversation whilst one checks the mail. One of them says, "Come on Thalia. We're lawyers, not miracle workers. We can't win this." Thalia replies. "If we can't win a class-action suit against a man who swindled hundreds of people out of their homes and life savings, then we're not fit to call ourselves a legal aid office." Johanna de la vega, Thalia's friend, says. "And if we go bankrupt in the process, we won't be a legal aid office. Hunt has an army of lawyers, and they're ready to bury us." "You and I against an army. I love those odds." Johanna replies, "Why do you hate me?" Thalia scoffs as she sits and stares down at a board with pinned newspaper clippings and photos of Adam Hunt. The TV is heard in the distance. And in other news, details as to the castaway story you've all heard about… the son of a very wealthy billionaire will soon become a legendary story. Jessica has more details and the complete castaway story. Thalia turns her attention from the board to the TV. Jessica continues. " 'The Princess Andromeda' was last heard from more than 5 years ago. Mr. Jackson has reportedly confirmed he was the only survivor of the accident that took the lives of 7 people, including local resident Sarah Grace. Survived by her sister, Thalia…" Thalia turns off the TV as everyone looks at her. She drops the remote on the table and proceeds to walk away. ~~~~~~Jackson Mansion-Percy's Bedroom~~~~~~~ After 5 years, everything that was once familiar is now unrecognizable. The face I see in the mirror is a stranger. Percy thought as he looked at himself and his scars. ~~~~~~Flashback (Princess Andromeda-5 years ago)~~~~~ Poseidon Jackson stared at the ships radar while a man emerges from outside soaking wet. The crew member exclaims. "The storm's a category 2. The captain's recommending we head back." Poseidon says. "All right. Inform the crew." Oliver comes into the room. "Are we in trouble?" "One of us is." Poseidon replies as Sarah Grace approaches from one of the cabins. "Percy? Where do you keep the bottle opener on this thing?" She asks. "I'll be there in a minute, Sarah." Poseidon sighs. "You know, son, that is not going to finish well for either of them or for you." ~~~Flashback ends-present day~~~~~ Fully dressed, Percy stared at a photo of him and his father. Coming in, Leo Valdez said. "What did I tell you? Yachts suck." While talking, they walked over to the dining room. Everyone is seated in the dining room for dinner. Leo says. "Ok, what else did you miss? Super bowl winners… Giants, Steelers, Saints, Packers, Giants again. A black president, that's new. Oh, and "Lost," they were all dead…I think." Thea suddenly interrupts Leo and asks Percy. "What was it like there?" Suddenly, the table goes quiet and tension fills the room. Percy responds. "Cold." Wanting to continue, Leo said. "Tomorrow, you and me, we're doing the city. You've got a lot to catch up on." Sally while cutting the food says. "That sounds like a great idea." "Good. Then I was hoping to swing by the office." Proclaimed Percy. About to take a sip from his wine, Paul stops. "Well, there's plenty of time for all that. Queen Consolidated isn't going anywhere." As Raisa comes to set a bowl of pears on the table, she trips but Percy catches her and restores her balance. She says to Percy. "Oh, I am so sorry, Mr. Percy." Percy, while speaking Russian, says. "It's no worry." Leo looks at him while Raisa is equally stunned. "Duded, you speak Russian?" Paul tells Percy. "I didn't realize you took Russian at college, Percy." Percy then replies to him. "I didn't realize you wanted to sleep with my mother, Paul." Again, silenced filled the room and the tension returned. Sally looked at Percy then at Thea. "I didn't say anything." "She didn't have to." Sally nods in acknowledgement. "Percy…Paul and I are married, and I don't want you to think that either one of us did anything to disrespect your father." Paul then continued. "We both believed that Poseidon, like you, was, uh, well, gone." Percy, while visibly pained, says. "It's fine." He gets up. "May I be excused?" Sally nods. Leo then tells Percy. "Hey, don't forget about tomorrow, buddy." Percy leaves. ~Percy's bedroom~ It is raining heavily. The window is open and Percy is lying on his bedroom floor asleep by the window soaking wet. While sleeping, he dreams of the time the boat sink. Flashback—5 years ago "1, 2, 3. It's getting closer." Sarah says. "That's not very scientific." "What would you know about science, Mr. Ivy League dropout?" Percy says. "I happen to know a lot about science. I know about fermentation. I know biology". He kisses her. "Thalia's gonna kill me. Oh, she's so gonna kill me." "Your sister will never know. Come here." She says while he throws her on the bed. "Ha Ha ha!." A thunder hits. "Ok, that one was really close." "Sarah, we're gonna be fine." He says as he kisses her. The champagne glasses tilt and suddenly the cabin flips and they're thrown to the opposite sides of the room. Sarah screams while Percy regains his balance and looks up to find Sarah only to see her ripped away by the ocean. "Sarah?," the water takes her away and she screams, "Sarah!" Percy now in the ocean himself screams for Sarah. "Sarah!" A crew member screams at Percy. "Percy!" "Sarah! Gus!" He says as he climbs aboard the lifeboat. He coughs. "No! No!" He turns around to go back, but his dad, Poseidon stops him. "No! Dad, she's out there!" Poseidon tells Percy. "She's not there, son." "Sarah!" He says as he watches the yacht sink "She's gone." Flashback ends Sally tries to wake up Percy. He wakes up in attack mode, flips her and puts his hand to her throat. "Percy? Wake up. Percy?" Paul screams. "Percy!" Percy looks at Paul then down at Sally, he releases her quickly and moves back to the window horrified. "I'm sorry. I'm so… I'm so sorry." Paul helps Sally up. "Oh, it's ok, Percy. It's all right sweetheart. You're home. You're home." ~Thea's bedroom~ A girl crushes pills into powder on Thea's desk presumably to take them before they are interrupted by Percy. Thea asks. "Where did you get these?" The girl replies. "Roxies. Thank you, daddy's ACL tear." Percy knocks on the door as both girls hide the pills and the powder. "Percy." "What's up, Speedy?" "Worst nickname ever." "What, always chasing after me as a kid? I thought it fit pretty well. Maybe it still does." Thea's friend then said. "See you at school, Speedy." She leaves. "Sorry about her." "I have something for you." "You did not come back from a deserted island with a souvenir." He takes out what seems like an