Chapter One: A/N: Hey guys! This is the new, updated version! I expanded more on Thalia's back story because I realized I left it really vague. I also fixed some grammatical errors. I hope you guys enjoy! This takes place right after TLH. Disclaimer: I own myself and my notebook. Percy and the HOO characters belong to Rick Riordan. My name is Thalia Bolt, and I am a halfblood. My real name isn't Thalia Bolt, but it is the one I chose for myself. My godly parent? I don't know. But whoever he is, with the hand he's dealt me, he can't be that great. I guess most demigods would say that, but for me it's especially true. You see, I have back pain. The doctors said my pain was just that: pain. But it isn't. I have a power. I can seek out anyone in pain, physical or not, and I can take it away. But at a terrible price: I must bear their pain. A lot for a fifteen-year-old girl to swallow right? I'm not skinny like other girls. I have dark brown curly hair that brushes my shoulders, icy blue/grey eyes, and full lips. My family? They're great! Well, when they weren't trying to get me to see monsters disguised as doctors. They didn't know, nor did they believe me when I told them. My step-dad was a pretty good guy. He worked a lot trying to provide for us. For most of my life, I didn't even know he was my step-dad; we look very similar. But when I was 11, my mom told me the truth. I was confused and angry at first. "What happened to my real dad?" I had asked. She said that one morning when I was a baby, before the sun had risen, he had gone missing. She was frantic, and put out a missing person's report; but nothing ever came of it. The police suggested that my dad had just taken off. Maybe he just didn't want a family anymore. My mom didn't believe it. "He would never do that." She had said. "He loved you more than the sun. He wouldn't just leave." I tried to believe her. Instead of telling me that my dad was missing and possibly dead, she let me think that my step-dad was my real dad. She had met him two years after my dad disappeared. I was only three, so I don't really remember a time before my step-dad was around. Despite my mom's tough past, she tried her hardest to be the best mom she could. My twelve-year-old half-brother? Eh, I love him anyways. When the monsters started attacking me, I made sure my family didn't know. They worried enough about normal, everyday problems. They didn't need whatever this was. One day, a pamphlet for a place called Camp Half-Blood appeared on our doorstep. 'Monster fighting camp?' I wondered. 'A safe place? Maybe if I left, my family wouldn't be in danger.' I told my family Camp Half-blood was a camp for "handicapped" kids. So, off I went. When I got there, Chiron (the activities director and resident centaur. That will give you culture shock, let me tell you), told me I was a half-blood. 'I was the daughter of a greek god? It explained why my dad mysteriously disappeared.' Since I was unclaimed by my godly parent, I was placed in the Hermes cabin. I was also taken to the weapons shed and was given my first weapon. At camp, no one ever bothered me. Except once, shortly after I arrived. I'd been staying in the Hermes cabin for about a month. A Hermes kid tried to steal my bag when he thought I wasn't looking. Most people think they can take advantage of me, because of my normally reserved demeanor. I unsheathed my magic sword. It was celestial bronze and I could change the length with just a thought. From a short dagger, to a long slim sword. I swung at the boy's neck, stopping right before it severed his head and glared at him. It was my signature glare. The other Thalia, the one I named myself after, had her glare. It was fierce, war-like, angry. It was like watching lightning flash across the sky. Annabeth had a glare. It was intelligent, calculating, like she was telling you she had already found your weakness and was ready to exploit it. Mine was different. Mine was pain. I take all the pain I hide deep down, and let it radiate. It's so powerful, anyone who looks me in the eyes is overcome with it. It cripples them. The boy yelped, terror in his eyes. The overcrowded cabin grew deathly quiet. He backed away slowly, eyes wide. He muttered an apology and ran out of the cabin. I scanned the faces of the other campers. They looked at me like I was a freak. "Don't touch." I said quietly. I sheathed my sword and strode out of the cabin, my cheeks burning. Now I'd been at camp for six months. It was a warm day in the valley, but not uncomfortably so. I saw campers practicing archery, climbing the rock wall, playing volleyball, and generally just having fun. I saw nymphs dancing and laughing as lovesick satyrs chased them, other satyrs played their pipes to the strawberries, and nereids wove baskets in the lake. Over by the camp store, Chiron seemed to be scolding the snickering Stoll brothers. He waved to me after the Stoll brothers had walked away. I smiled softly and inclined my head. I eventually made my way to the beach. I sat at the edge of the woods in the shade, my back to a tree. I was still a ways from the waterfront, but I could hear the sound of the waves crashing ashore and smell the salty air. I pulled my knees up to my chest and folded my arms on top of them. ' Why do I always feel like an outcast?' I wondered glumly. Campers walked to and fro across the beach. Their pain pressed into my back, making it ache. I had grown accustomed to it. When I first came to camp, I thought it was exclusively back pain. The pain actually comes from the core of my body. The pain from my core then presses on my spine; making the pain spread throughout the rest of my body. As campers walked by, they would glance at me and whisper to each other. "She's so weird." "Did you hear about what she did to that Hermes kid?" "I heard she went to a mental hospital." "Still unclaimed? Hope she isn't in our cabin." I let my hair fall over my face; veiling myself from anyone walking by. Some campers hated me, but most feared me. 'If they only knew the truth.. Then they'd fear me even more.' I knew what pained every single one of them. But even that couldn't compare to the power I held. I could, quite possibly, be more powerful than Percy Jackson. Or even the new roman kid, Jason. 'No.' I shook my head. I couldn't think about it. It was my most guarded secret. Even Chiron didn't know. 'I doubt he would have let me in the camp if he knew.' Suddenly, I felt a pull in my gut. I moaned. 'Not now!' I thought. 'I don't want to!' The pull got stronger, then painful. I gasped and struggled to my feet. The pulling lead me to the cabins. There were so many of them. According to Chiron, there used to be only eleven. But after the second Titan war, Percy Jackson (a son of Poseidon) pretty much told the gods that the war was their fault. Their demigod children went to Kronos' side because they felt abandoned. He convinced the gods there needed to be a cabin for Hades and all the minor gods, not just the eleven they had. Now there were dozens of cabins. The pulling brought me to the Athena cabin. I thought all the Athena kids were at archery, but as I looked through the doorway, one girl still remained. She sat at a desk covered with maps and books. Her shoulders shook with sobs, which she tried to stifle. I knew immediately it was Annabeth Chase, Percy Jackson's girlfriend. She was pained because she missed Percy. And because she didn't know how the romans were treating him. It was deep. Heart wrenching. Which explained why the pulling had hurt so much. She wanted his arms around her, to kiss him again, to punch the daylights out of him. That last part I didn't understand, but I let it go. I walked softly towards her. "Annabeth?" I asked. She jumped but didn't look at me. "Oh, ahem.." She choked back the sobs and tried to sound cheerful and composed, but I knew better. "Yes?" She didn't turn around. "He wouldn't want you to do that. Make yourself miserable." She tensed. "How did you-?" "I didn't know him long, but I could tell he was a good guy. I mean, he talked to me like I wasn't a freak. He was the highlight of my day, or week, when he would teach me sword fighting. He would always choose me as a partner. Said I was the best in the Hermes cabin." My voice grew sad as I remembered being with Percy. He was my only friend. My words started to take effect. Annabeth's shoulders started to relax. She half turned towards me. I saw her begin to smile. "During water break, he would talk of you. How smart you are, how pretty, how brave. And how you would keep him in check." She laughed at that last part. I walked towards her, I had taken most of the pain away, but I needed to touch her to finish. "He wouldn't want you to blame yourself. You're doing everything you can to find him; and you will. Even an outcast like me knows who the great Annabeth Chase is. You will find him. I know it. And so does he." I laid my hand on her shoulder. I closed my eyes and drew in a breath, slowly pulling the pain from her body. The pain grew stronger and stronger. It took all my willpower to keep pulling. I fought back tears as not only physical pain, horrible burning pain racing up and down my spine and through my limbs, but also emotional pain. I thought my heart was being ripped in two. I felt my face flush from the strain. I had trouble breathing. Finally the last tendril of pain entered my body. I crumpled to my knees, my arms pressed tightly against my stomach. "Oh gods!" I gasped. "You do love him." Tears spilled down my cheeks. The emotional pain intensified, because I knew I would never have someone love me like Annabeth and Percy loved each other. Annabeth quickly turned to me. "What's wrong?! Wait, you're Thalia. Percy told me about you." She dropped to her knees beside me. "Thalia? What's wrong? Let me help you to the infirmary." I shook my head. "No." I moaned. She reached towards me but I quickly backed away. I couldn't let the campers see Annabeth helping me to the infirmary. Everyone would know about my power. I struggled to stand. I stumbled away, hunched over in pain, arms still pressed tightly to my stomach. "I'm sorry. I have to go." I said. "Thalia wait! What did you do?!" I stared into her striking storm gray eyes. "I took your pain away." I whispered. Her eyes widened. I quickly stumbled out of her cabin. ~*~*O*~*~ I moved as quickly as I could, which wasn't very fast. It took all my willpower not to collapse. I knew Annabeth would follow me. 'Where to go? Where to go?' I thought desperately. My tears blurred my vision, making