I know that Hazel would totally defend Nico, no matter what it was, and in all the fanfics I've read, she is very supportive of his sexual orientation, so I wanted to mix things up a bit, her being from the 1940's, but not to worry, everything turns out okay. -Angela R. Hazel "We're kinda dating," Jason muttered as he avoided his friends' eyes. At first, Hazel thought it was a joke, but seeing the crimson blush appear on both boys confirmed that it was true. Even though the others seemed very accepting in the matter, Hazel couldn't help but feel...uncomfortable. She tried to look happy for them, really she tried. Yet the PDA was making her feel flustered. Why was it weird for her to see her brother and friend happy? Sure they were both boys, but that was okay right? Hazel knew that Nico could sense her discomfort and had kept the touching to a minimum, which only served to make Hazel feel horrible. Nico hadn't come to talk to her and neither had she. The topic was too embarrassing to her, as much as Hazel hated to admit. There had to be a reason for her acting like this. She just had to remember what it was. ... It had been a terrible idea, thinking back on it, but Hazel didn't know what else to do at the time when she thought of it and blurted it out. She and the others were having a bonfire, just for them to relax on the beach and spend some time together. Everyone was having a great time. Leo was making corny jokes, as usual, while juggling burning marshmallows (Hazel couldn't help but feel worried and amazed at that), Percy and Frank had decided to sing a campfire song (Hazel didn't have the heart to tell them that they were terrible singers) her, Piper and Annabeth were happily making conversation with Jason and Nico, trying to not be distracted with the off-key singing and random flying junk food. "Have you guys kissed yet?" Piper asked, raising an eyebrow at the couple. "Piper!" Annabeth nudged the daughter of Aphrodite, "That's none of our business." "Sorry, I was just asking." Hazel had been taken aback by the simple question. The thought of her brother kissing Jason...? How did she feel about that? The images of them actually leaning forward, their lips about to touch... She shook her head. An involuntary shiver ran down her spine. "Annabeth's right," Hazel chided, "It's their relationship, not ours." Hoping that the reassuring smile on her face didn't look forced, Hazel still trying to cope with the confused feelings she had about the whole topic of same gender romance. Percy, Frank and Leo had moved on to jumping into the hopefully not freezing cold water and splashing each other like little kids. "No, it's alright," Jason smiled back at her, completely oblivious to her thoughts or emotions of uncertainty. "Yes, actually. We've kissed." Sounds of approval came from the other girls. Hazel decided to remain quiet and just nod at their direction. As they got back to chatting away at other matters, Jason wrapped an arm around the smaller boy. Hazel could feel her brother looking at her intently, waiting for her reaction, so she chose the safest option: She ignored it and continued to talk without pause. Then Jason leaned in to kiss Nico since he was his boyfriend after all and Hazel had figured out that he never felt bothered with showing how he felt about someone. Before their lips connected, Nico glanced at her and immediately moved his head, Jason's lips ending up on his cheek. Had she made a face? "Sorry," he muttered, giving Jason a small smile, "I'm still not used to it." At the last sentence, Nico had stared at Hazel. No one but Hazel could understand what he had really meant. Hazel's still not used to it. The daughter of Pluto felt her heart sink. She was the cause for Nico's insecurity. She was the reason for him limiting the PDA between the two. She was the one at fault for Jason's disappointed glint in his eyes, yet keeping a genuine smile and reassuring Nico that he understood. Could she be a worst sister? "Hey, why don't we hang out some time?" Hazel blurted out the question. She wasn't sure what her plan was but she was determined to make it up to her older brother. Everyone turned their attention to her. "I think it would be a good idea that me, you and Jason spend some time together," she continued, looking at Nico. "That's a great idea!" Jason automatically agreed. Nico on the other hand, didn't look so excited. He raised his eyebrow, asking her silently what she was up to. Nevertheless, he didn't protest. ... She waited nervously at the Survival Shack. It was a combination store for buying weapons and upgrades as well as a restaurant. Hazel wasn't exactly sure why anyone would start a business like this one but it became fairly popular and she thought that it would be a nice place to hang out with Nico and Jason. She was sitting in one of the tables outside and although a huge umbrella created shade for her, Hazel couldn't stop sweating. "Hazel, Hey!" She turned her attention to the couple that was taking a seat across from her. Jason had the usual friendly smile on his face and his fingers respectfully intertwined with Nico's. Okay, Hazel thought, Don't mess this up. If you do, you'd never forgive yourself. "Hi guys," she greeted cheerfully. "Sorry we made you wait," Jason apologized. See? Jason is such a nice guy for Nico. Why are you so weirded out by them? "That's all right. I wasn't waiting long." Hazel felt so out of place. They ordered something to eat. As Hazel played with the straw of her mango smoothie, she talked like she would normally. Like the two boys in front of her were nothing more than friends. Like before they came out and confessed of their attraction for each other. She wished she had made this a double date so that at least, she'd have Frank to distract her. Still, she had to give Jason credit because she suspected that he'd gone out of his way to make an impression on her. As if he was trying to earn her blessing. He was dressed a little more nicely than usual. No stains or dirt or blood smeared his evidently pressed clothes, his hair was combed to perfection, unlike any other day when he'd be a complete mess from training and activities. The guilt kept piling up inside her every minute that passed as she tried not to show how uneasy and tense she felt. Jason, being the same clueless boy that he was to her predicament, had decided to become that lovestruck boyfriend again. The way his eyes looked at Nico so endearing, like he was the most important thing in the world to him (which was probably not far from the truth), his arm wrapped protectively around the other's waist either not noticing or caring for Nico's warning glances he threw his way. Hazel started feeling fraught again at the scene before her. She tried swallowing those emotions down and burying them deep within her. Dread started spreading through her veins as she watched her brother look between her and Jason. She knew how he was feeling. Nico thought that she hated him. That he was a filthy presence in her life and didn't deserve to belong. It was a cruel and betraying truth to Hazel to think that Nico would even consider her to be so heartless, but she might as well held up a sign that said 'Gays are Evil' considering what she had impulsively said next. Hazel hadn't considered that Jason might get a little affectionate. Sure there was the hand holding and protective arm wrap here and there. That she could handle. She hadn't exactly gotten used to it, but she could bite her tongue and ignore the voice in her head that whispered things that she was deeply ashamed to think. It had become a habit of hers to bite her bottom lip whenever she got nervous and she seemed to be doing that a lot more lately and the only one that noticed was the last person Hazel wanted to know: Nico. But even he couldn't stop Jason from doing the thing that finally cracked Hazel. She knew it was just a playful kiss and it wasn't like they were going to make out right in front of her, but she opened her mouth anyway and quickly regretted it more than ever. "Could you not do that in front of me?" The tone in her voice cut through the air between the three of them like a knife. Had she really said that out loud? The look of shock displayed on the boys' faces was a clear sign that it hadn't been Hazel's imagination (like she had really hoped for). The way she had asked that question was so terrible. It literally had annoyance, disapproval, distastefulness pouring from her mouth. What was worst was how rude and obnoxiously she had sounded. Hazel herself was as surprised as the others. After all that work she put in planning every phrase and tone that came out of her whenever the topic of Nico and Jason dating was brought up to make sure it never sounded offensive or could give away any negative thoughts, she had shattered all that with that one sentence. She looked at Jason. Confusion, pain, and embarrassment flickered through his facial features but then he dropped his gaze, staring at the table, slipping his arm from Nico. He awkwardly scooted an inch away from his boyfriend, not giving him a second glance and muttered a quick apology. Hazel then made the mistake to turn her attention to Nico. The poor guy looked worst than she had ever seen him. His eyes darkened and watered, but he tried to remain stoic. Hazel unfortunately could see through that and that made this even worst. She could tell that she had messed up and knew that she had most likely broken the fragile self esteem of the person she cared most for. That this was something that could not be repaired with a few simply words. And what did she do? The most cowardly thing a Roman could do: She ran. "I have to go," she announced as she shot up from her seat and hurried away. The boiling hot spike of sorrow and remorse that burned to the core inside her intensified as she stumbled over her own two feet and shoved past campers, hot tears running down her face. Of all the ways she could of expressed such a rotten thing, it had to be like that? She finally crumpled next to Thalia's tree, gasping for oxygen, ignoring the never ending flow of teardrops and running nose. If she could of taken those few seconds back. If she could of just asked politely to stop or maybe excused herself and left them alone or even teased them a bit about it like her other friends could do so easily. She had done so much damage to people that were so important to her because of something so trivial. It's not natural, the voice in her head spoke softly. Stay away from people like that, Hazel. Hazel took a few deep breaths and wiped her nose with her sleeve. Now was not the time to have those kinds of ideas in her mind. They will burn in Hell, the voice continued. This time, she listened closely to it. It sounded so familiar, where had she heard that before? It sounded like an older woman's voice. The memory hit her like a ton of bricks as realization found its way to her self