Title: Moonlight in Sapphires Author: Crystal Charmer Genre: Drama/Fantasy/Action/Adventure/Horror/Angst/Supernatural Rating: PG-13 Warnings: Moderate violence, some sexual references and acts, some torture, some abuse, some disturbing content Summary: An adventure just waiting to be taken. A story just waiting to be told. An account of Frodo's story in his PoV, during the events Pre-Quest through to Post-Quest. Disclaimer : All characters recognized in The Lord of the Rings books are under copyright of J.R.R Tolkien. The character Tigerlily Tighfield and the song that Frodo sings both belong to Shooting Starlight. -oOo- Chapter 1 – In the Beginning Thrimidge, the year 1377, SR Bustling commotion rampaged throughout the Hall and covered all of the silence up with a noisy blanket. Everywhere I turned it felt like a struggle in a wave of legs and layered skirts. It certainly was common for me to bump into someone, or at least for someone to collide into myself. Although I thoroughly enjoyed these family visits to Brandy Hall, often they became rather horrible. I always looked forward to meeting my relatives, especially those that didn't make such a fuss over me - treating me like a small pup. However, it was also a little despairing, because, although I tried to include myself, I felt quite outcast by everyone else. During visits with family here were always rather tiresome. Mumma and Papa greeted the other guests with their own stories of small talk, whilst I preferred to escape into Brandy Hall's beautiful library, or to break outside into the green hills, away from all of the crowds. I'm not sure why I liked it this way. Perhaps because I did not feel so trapped. Trapped. I jumped aside just in time to avoid Uncle Saradas from colliding into my arm. Shrinking back against the wall, I followed him with my eyes until he stumbled out of the room. Sighing, I leant my head against the hard wood and stared at all of my relatives - dancing merrily and chortling with one another as if they did not have a care in all of Middle-earth. I could not see my parents anywhere. The more that I continued to think of those wonderful, fascinating books in that quiet little room, the more that my mind became obsessed with them. And the more that I seemed to keep obsessing over them, the greater that my need to escape the snare of Hobbits swarming the rooms of the Hall had become. My parents had always said that - even from a very young age - I had secretly craved a secret desire to read. At first, it struck most Hobbits as being rather odd, as it was not usually "proper" for most children to be this completely interested in scholar behaviour. It was a little more common for young lads and lasses to be running and playing freely over the rolling green hills of the Shire, causing their own mischief and playing games. I also spent much of my time doing exactly the same things, however, now and again, there was nothing more pleasant than settling down beneath a shady tree with a good book. Or so I thought, anyway. Running from the confounded room, I headed into one of the quieter corridors trailing through the large place, and made my way towards the library, although at times I had to dodge my small body away from the stampede of my young cousins storming past. Confusticate them, I thought, with a roll of my eyes. I had almost arrived at my destination when I heard someone calling my name. I glanced over my shoulder to meet Aunt Amaranth's dark-eyed gaze. I had done nothing of any wrong, yet for some particular reason I felt somewhat guilty under her stare. "Frodo?" she questioned, in a voice of hidden confusion. "Are you all right? Why are you here all by yourself, lad?" I had always liked Aunt Amaranth. She was Mumma's eldest sister, and the vision of her standing there, with her hands on her hips and her dark hair pinned back neatly, almost demanded respect. She was strong in her speech; what that she had to say to others - and often what she had to say to me. However, what I admired most of all about my dear aunt was the fact that she listened to me. If I ever needed someone to talk to in Brandy Hall, she was always willing to lend an ear to what I had to say - no matter how insignificant it my have sounded to others. "Hello, Aunt," I replied back, with a forced smile. "I was..." However, I could not seem to finish what my head had planned to say, and instead I just stood there, looking quite foolish. There were so many ways that I required my tongue to speak at present, yet I could not find the right words. My aunt's lingering stare of uncertainty was beginning to make me feel rather nervous, in all honesty, and I knew that it would not be long before that she would start asking questions. At least, I hoped that it would not last for too long. "Why don't you come back in, now?" she suggested, placing a gentle hand on my shoulder. "Your Uncle Saradoc and Aunt Esme are wanting to meet you." I sighed to myself and nodded, rather half-heartedly. O, I cannot lie; I adored my aunt and uncle. I saw them quite frequently, as Mumma and Aunt Esme were indeed close, and pleasured in one another's companionship. They were always so very kind towards me - the both of them. Inside, I hated the thought of disappointing them, especially when I was their guest. Confound my guilt, I sighed to myself. "Of course," I replied, unsure of where to look. "I am sorry, Aunt. I'm being very rude." I shuffled my feet against the floor, awkwardly. Her lovely laugh, clear and affectionate, rang suddenly through the buzzing corridor and she squeezed my arm with tenderness. "Dear boy - do not say such a thing! You are formed of nothing but purest politeness, Frodo. Now, go on." My elder relatives could say such remarks, and yet still appear admirable of all who lingered nearby. However, it was a rather different story for young Hobbit children of almost nine years, such as myself. My elders perhaps craved these family gatherings, but for a young Hobbit-lad, it became extremely dull after the first few hours, and something inside of me seemed to yearn for some relief. No wonder Aunt Amaranth wished for me to mingle with others. She may have already seen that the boredom was beginning to chip away at me. I nodded in reply and trudged back into the main hall, my head spinning with the number of faces I kept passing. I would never remember all that stood there, even if I memorized all of my relatives' names many years from now. I brightened up, however, at the sight of my Uncle Saradoc waving me over to speak to him, his pleasant brown eyes smiling warmly at my young face. "Hullo, there, Frodo!" he greeted, ruffling my hair a little and offering me a friendly grin. "Wandering, are we?" "I'm afraid so," I answered quietly, wishing that my tone of voice would pull itself out of the shadows. I very much despised seeming such a grey soul in front of my family, especially when everyone else seemed to be having a rather fulfilling experience. Uncle seemed to notice it, however, and at that very moment I wished to kick myself for showing it in such a way. What is the matter with me? I thought bitterly, now and again my blue irises glancing longingly at the hovering butterflies that were dancing on the air outside. I am spoiling everything for everyone else. How selfish of me. "Ah! I understand that these gatherings can be a little overshadowing, lad," my uncle reassured warmly, if not teasingly. I shifted uncomfortably and turned to face Aunt Esme, who was shaking her head mockingly in her husband's direction, her soft brown curls bouncing on her shoulders. It made me feel a little better on the inside, knowing that she understood what I was feeling at this very moment. It was comforting, and I smiled at her, to show her my gratitude. "There's someone I would like you to meet, Frodo dear," interrupted Aunt Esme, after noticing my predicament, and, standing in front of me, brought another lass with her - slightly older than her, but with striking resemblance to my aunt. She was tall, and appeared amiable, with her bright, shining grass green eyes and her round, rosy cheeks. I had never seen her before in all of my life, but yet, I felt remarkably comfortable around her. "You must be Esme's charming nephew, Frodo," he said, holding out her hand. "I'm your Aunt Prisca. My, look how you've grown! I haven't seen you since you were a tiny baby - look how handsome you are!" She took to gushing and I immediately felt embarrassed. However, I returned the gesture and shook her hand, smiling a little. "Pleased to meet you, Aunt Prisca." Her elegant face beamed into her sister's at my answer, clearly rather touched. "Why, I'm very pleased to meet you also - and what good manners you have, lad! Although," she added, mocking sceptically. "I have heard rumours of your mischievousness from a few sources. I take it you can be quite the rascal sometimes?" I stared – anywhere but straight at her, trying with all of my might not to burst into fits of uproarious laughter. Yes, I told myself, hiding my smirk. However we shall not speak of that tonight. I would dearly like to avoid a lecture. It was true; I was often known for playing my own share of pranks and causing my own kind of trouble. I never played off for harm, nor for anything truly serious. Although, I did not object to stealing few vegetables from a garden, playfully splashing someone in the lake or playing a practical joke. I did not bring this up in front of my aunt, however. She smiled at me, brushing a few of my dark curls out of my eyes, neatening it. "Your parents must be terribly proud of you." Oh, I thought, clenching my teeth against what she had just complimented me with. O, why must they say things such as this? At that moment I felt my face glowing ever brighter. I have always wondered what the real purpose of those remarks really is. Why must anyone continue to flatter anyone, in order to allow them to feel uncomfortable? Oh, yes, it may be because it is courteous, but I've never really considered it as anything proper. It just seems so unnecessary. "Thank you," I squeaked, unsure of what to say in return. I knew I could not repeat what had just flickered through my mind at that moment. Very unnecessary indeed, were the exact words that had flickered through my mind as I left her side earlier, ruffling my curls back into their usual messy state with a roll of my eyes. -oOo- The softest glimmer of a smile cornered the edge of my lips as I felt the warm breeze flutter delicately over my cheeks and through my dark curls. I snuggled myself into the emerald grass, resting the book in my lap, with a strange feeling enveloping over me, as if I had escaped. Escaped from the pushing vice of crowds inside Brandy Hall, and had broken free into the hills of the Shire, where I could relax, and not feel under so much pressure. This is what I wished to feel, I told myself triumphantly, resting my back against the tree. I feel a lot better. The adults had all begun to speak of more complicated subjects now; things that I did