A/N: You might be unsurprised to discover that this little plot bunny was inspired while I was on holiday. It took root in my brain and refused to leave, completely ruining any chance of working on the story I wanted to get finished. It's just a bit of fluff but I hope you enjoy it. Thanks to my wonderful beta, Mamacita, as always. Dx Hermione looked around the pool area, enjoying the peaceful atmosphere. Although it was during the school holidays, the small and apparently extremely exclusive hotel wasn't full of families with screaming children running at breakneck speed around the place like beasts and dive-bombing the swimming pool, ruining everyone's enjoyment. Instead, the clientele was older, more refined, and definitely not likely to cause any trouble. She sighed happily as she lay back under the large umbrella that protected her from the relentlessly baking sun. This time of day was too hot for her to be exposed to it, even with a decent suntan lotion and the golden-brown tan she had acquired. Hermione had been in this small seaside village in Crete for a week now and quickly realised that there was magic here. It was not purely magical like Hogsmeade otherwise her parents would never have been able to find the place to make a reservation, but there were pockets of magic around, like the way Diagon Alley slotted into Muggle London. Wandering around the village alone, seeing so much more than her parents ever could have, had been fascinating for Hermione. The hotel itself was Muggle-run although considering the number of wizarding families that had chosen it for their holiday destination there was definitely some magic about the place. She had wondered several times now how her parents had heard about it as it was nothing like the usual type of location where they took their holidays. Hermione had been planning what she was going to do to keep her parents safe during the wizarding war that she was sure was only months away now that Professor Dumbledore had been killed. She had come to the depressing conclusion that she had no choice but to remove herself from their lives completely and send them far away, where they would be safe from Death Eaters. If she survived the war she could go and get them back and they could once again take up dentistry in England, but if she died, as she half expected to, they could live out the rest of their lives in Australia, none the wiser that they even had a daughter, let alone one who had died during a wizarding war. It was a heartbreaking decision to make, but Hermione knew she would never feel happy or be fully committed to the fight if she had to worry about her parents, and as one of Harry's closest friends she was certain the Death Eaters wouldn't hesitate to torture or kill them in order to hobble her in her bid to help him. Hermione thought her parents must know something of what was happening even though she had been careful not to talk about what was going on in the wizarding world in case they suddenly decided to withdraw her from school. But however careful she tried to be there was a tension in her that wasn't there before, ever since the Headmaster had been killed and Harry had announced his intention not to return to Hogwarts but to search for the remaining Horcruxes instead. She and Ron had immediately agreed to go with him even though Harry was, as always, determined, to do it alone. This brought the timetable with her parents closer than ever. It was then that her parents had announced this holiday, her father telling her that they deserved to go 'somewhere a bit special' for a change as they'd had a particularly good year at the practice, and so it was that Hermione had found herself in the Crete equivalent of Ottery St Catchpole although here there was a lot more sun, sea and sand and a lot fewer redheads. Hermione took a sip of her now not quite so cold drink as she watched a man in the pool who was swimming up a storm. She wished she could swim as well and as fast he could. His muscles rippled as he cut through the clear blue water, and Hermione couldn't help thinking how extremely sexy he looked. Glad she was wearing sunglasses as it gave her the opportunity to play voyeur without being spotted, she watched as he swam several more lengths before finally exiting the pool at the far end where the shallow water ended in a set of tiled steps. She studied him closely as he mounted the stairs, taking in his well-defined figure with strong muscly legs and an amazing bottom that fitted absolutely perfectly into the skin-tight black trunks he was wearing. He really was hot and she just about managed to stop herself from sighing with desire. She wished he would turn round so she could see what he was like from the front, hoping that he was equally impressive with a decent six-pack and rippling pecs. Hermione was impressed with his deep tan, too; his skin gleamed like polished bronze. Drops of water still ran down his skin as he ran his large hands through his long dark hair, squeezing the water from it. He took the final step out of the water and turned slightly, making his way to join companions on the left-hand side of the pool, and Hermione glimpsed the first sight of his face, and in particular his prominent nose. She froze for a second, not breathing, recognising the owner of the nose and feeling a moment of horror that she had considered him sexy. Then, realising that she hadn't been seen looking, she focussed once more on the man walking away from the pool towards a group of sun loungers arranged under several large umbrellas towards the perimeter of the pool area. Hermione could only see his back now, but Hermione superimposed her mental image of the man she thought she recognised over it and realised she could be looking at the same person. She turned her gaze towards the other occupants of the sun loungers: three much paler characters, two men and one woman, all with the same fair hair which indicated they were family. Her heart began to pound and a feeling of terror rose in her at what she thought she had just stumbled upon. She tried to calm down and convince herself that just because from a distance these people looked like her worst enemies it didn't mean it actually was them. Seriously, how likely was it that the Malfoys and her ex-Potions Master, Severus Snape — the man who Harry had said had murdered her former Headmaster, Albus Dumbledore — would be enjoying a relaxing holiday in Crete when their master, the megalomaniac who called himself Lord Voldemort, was preparing for war? Careful not to draw attention to the fact that she was looking in their direction, Hermione watched as the dark-haired man pulled a sun lounger out of the shade into full sunlight and sank onto it and lay down, his hands behind his head, seemingly enjoying the fierce early afternoon heat. He turned his head and laughed at something one of the blond figures — the male with long hair — said to him and gestured towards the pool. Almost immediately, the only woman in the group, a tall, willowy blonde, got up from her sun lounger. She wrapped a diaphanous pale green shawl around herself as if to protect her from the sun, pulled on a large brimmed hat, then picked up her bag. After a brief discussion with the three men, she stalked away imperiously in high-heeled sandals, heading in the direction of one of the smaller hotel blocks. Hermione returned her gaze to the three men. She couldn't see their faces clearly because they were a little too far away and the sunglasses were very dark, but the woman who had left certainly reminded her of Narcissa Malfoy. She had met the woman only twice before but would never forget her due to Narcissa's uncommon rudeness towards her. The youngest of the three men had short hair, like Draco's, and the other blond had long hair like Draco's father, Lucius. It seemed strange that with such pale complexions the Malfoys would choose somewhere as hot as Crete for a holiday, but the more she stared at the dark-haired man lapping up the sun the more certain she became that he was definitely Professor Severus Snape. Panic infused Hermione; fear that somehow without meaning to she had led her parents into possible danger, but it was shot through with annoyance, too. Professor Snape was a murderer and a traitor. It seemed wrong to her that he should be here — although his being with the Malfoys wasn't a surprise. They were Death Eaters, after all, so were perfect friends for the treacherous ex-Potions Master. But what right did he have to be sunning himself and having fun in the Mediterranean while back in England people were desperately searching for him, wanting to put him in Azkaban for what he had done to the Headmaster? For a moment Hermione debated whether to try to contact Harry or Ron so they could alert the Aurors, who could then come and arrest Professor Snape, but she knew it would probably do little good and could make things a darn sight trickier for her. Even if she could get hold of one of her friends, if she could persuade one of the local Cretans to let her send a bird all the way back to England, it was unlikely that they would be able to pass her message along to the right people. The Order of the Phoenix seemed in disarray after Professor Dumbledore's death and no one knew who could be trusted at the Ministry of Magic any longer. If the wrong person heard about Hermione's message she could find herself in serious trouble and end up getting herself and her parents killed. It was an awkward situation. The best she could do was to try to keep away from the group and hope they didn't realise she was there. Hermione lay there for a while, trying to ignore the men who were now blighting her perfect holiday. She tried to think about ways to keep away from them and wondered whether they were likely to go on the coach trips that she and her parents had been considering. That would be the easiest thing to do — go out on day trips and not be at the hotel. But if the Malfoys went on the trips too, it could be disastrous. If that happened there would be no way of stopping her parents from talking to the Malfoys and Professor Snape and then they would all be in danger. Perhaps the best thing would be to stay at the hotel and hope that the Malfoys went out instead. Not wanting to stay under the umbrella any longer because it was too warm, but unable to go swimming to cool down in case she was spotted by her enemies, Hermione felt the urge to return to her nice cool air-conditioned room and work out what she was going to do about the unwanted holiday-makers. She turned to look at her parents, who both appeared to be asleep on their own sun loungers next to her. Hermione didn't want to wake them if they really were asleep but at the same time, she didn't want them to panic if they woke and found her gone as they might draw unwanted attention to themselves. She reached out to gently shake her mother's arm. 'Mum, are you awake?' she asked quietly. Her mother opened her eyes and smiled at her. 'Are you all