Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, nor any of the characters from J K Rowling's fantastic books or films, I'm just borrowing and playing with them for a little while and get no monetary reward for doing so. Original characters belong to me and bear no relation to anyone living or dead. A/N: This obviously completely AU story takes place from the holiday before the beginning of the seventh year onwards. It includes a chapter I once posted on here and on Lumos under the title 'The Children' (now removed). It was a snippet of a much larger idea for a story that I hadn't yet written and wasn't sure if I ever would. I have changed the chapter considerably, but it now forms part of this story; this is just a warning in case you read the original and get a sense of deja vu. WARNING: This story involves non-consensual behaviour and the consequences of such acts including self-harm, suicidal behaviour and alcoholism. Please do not read if this is likely to be a trigger or if you find such descriptions disturbing. Dx 'Don't worry, my sweet, I'll look after you.' Hermione didn't know whose voice that was and she couldn't bring herself to open her eyes to find out. She was still completely numb, and although she knew everyone would be disappointed in her she couldn't help but wish that she was dead — just as her parents were now dead. The reminder of what had happened to her parents was enough to have her sobbing again, tears rolling down her cheeks as she remembered that she had to face the rest of her life alone. What made it so much more painful was that despite all the terror and mayhem that Voldemort and his Death Eaters were wreaking, and even after the sadness surrounding the death of Albus Dumbledore, everything had seemed to be going fairly well for Hermione and her friends. She had returned to her parents' home after the Headmaster's funeral, ready to make her final preparations for the future, which included plans to hide her mum and dad far away from the trouble that was surely coming, in Australia of all places. Hermione knew they had always harboured a desire to visit the country and she felt that giving them this little piece of happiness would make up for the guilt she felt at erasing their memories so they wouldn't remember they had a daughter. If she survived the coming war she would undo the spell and they could then come home or not, as they wished, but if she died during the upcoming fight against Voldemort, as she strongly suspected she would, then they could live out the rest of their lives without any pain. Hermione had already begun sorting through six years of magical detritus trying to decide what she needed to take with her when she eventually joined her best friends Ron and Harry at the Burrow. From there, the three of them would undertake a journey following instructions from the late Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Albus Dumbledore, to find Voldemort's remaining Horcruxes — those pieces of his soul that he had hidden away so he couldn't be permanently killed. These soul-catchers had to be destroyed before Harry had any possible hope of permanently defeating the Dark wizard and bringing an end to his current reign of terror, which had only just begun to have any real effect on the populace at large. Although her friend thought he was going to do this on his own, Hermione and Ron were just as determined to keep him company, regardless of his likely objections. Hermione knew there were far more preparations to make at the Weasley family home and considered herself fortunate that she only had to decide which books she needed to take with her and the date of her parents' transformation. Firstly, a wedding was being held at the Burrow at the beginning of August, between the Weasleys' oldest son, Bill, and his stunningly beautiful French fiancée, Fleur Delacour, which meant an increase in the number of people staying at the already over-full home. To add to the difficulties, Harry was turning seventeen at the end of July, the magical protection that had been afforded him by his mother's family, the loathsome Dursleys, would be broken and Voldemort would be able, and would surely try, to track him down and kill him before he had a chance to retaliate. For this reason, it was vital that they get Harry into hiding before his seventeenth birthday and extra protection spells needed to be placed on the Burrow to ensure the Death Eaters couldn't break through. Hermione was just waiting for the call from the Order of the Phoenix, who had a plan to get Harry away from his uncle's house and to the Burrow without getting captured or killed by Voldemort, but that wasn't happening until as close to Harry's birthday as they could possibly make it. Until then it was a waiting game, although admittedly an uncomfortably nauseating one. But then, in the space of a few minutes which had seemed to last a lifetime yet also flashed by in an instant, everything had changed and Hermione was left cast adrift, unable to process what was happening or what would happen in the future. All she knew was that her parents had been killed in an attack by Death Eaters, and instead of being with her friends at the Burrow she was sitting in a cold and dreary office in what she assumed was the Ministry of Magic without any recollection of how she had got there. Hermione fumbled in her pocket for a tissue, needing to blow her nose as well as wipe away the tears that were still falling. Her hand closed on one that was already used and her fingers automatically sprang away from the sodden paper. She changed hands to search another pocket, finally finding a crumpled but unused tissue, and blew her nose loudly, not caring if anyone could hear her. She had no idea whether the owner of the voice she had heard was still there or if they had left her alone once again, nor did she have any desire to find out. A few minutes later there was a gentle touch on her shoulder and Hermione finally opened her eyes long enough to look around her. Standing over her was a tall, thin woman she didn't recognise who had long blonde hair and large, round brown glasses. She was trying to wrap a soft red blanket around Hermione's shoulders as she smiled benignly at her. 'Are you all right, my dear?' the woman asked, her voice warm and full of sympathy. Hermione shook her head miserably, the tears welling up once more. 'My parents—' 'Shhh, dear,' the woman said soothingly, patting her on the shoulder. 'There's nothing you can do to change things so there's no point in distressing yourself any further. I've brought you a cup of hot chocolate. It's nice and sweet so you should drink it. It'll warm you up and help to calm you as you're in shock at the moment.' The woman picked up a mug from the table in front of Hermione and handed it to her. Hermione wrapped her hands around it, cradling it as she blew on the drink before taking a small sip. It was warm and sweet and, surprisingly, made her feel a little better. 'Where am I?' she asked, looking around the office. 'You're at the Ministry of Magic,' the woman explained gently. 'You were brought here after the accident.' 'It wasn't an accident. We were attacked by Death Eaters,' Hermione insisted. 'We know what happened,' the woman confirmed. 'I am sorry about your parents, Hermione, but at least we managed to get you out alive.' 'Are you from the Order of the Phoenix?' Hermione asked, still confused about where she was and what was happening. 'Were you the one who rescued me?' The woman smiled again. 'I wasn't the one who rescued you but I am a member of the Order. My name is Alexa Prewitt. We got word from one of our sources that your family had been targeted, but unfortunately, we got there too late to stop the attack. All we could do was get you out before you were killed.' Hermione bit back the urge to retort that they should have let her die with her parents. Instead, she asked, 'Why did you bring me here rather than taking me to the Burrow?' 'It was too dangerous to take you straight there — we don't really need the Burrow being attacked by Death Eaters as well, do we? The person who got hold of you made a split-second decision and decided to bring you here. At least you're safe now. We're just waiting for Arthur Weasley to come and then he'll take you home with him. He's sorting it out now.' Alexa took Hermione's now-empty mug from her and gave her another smile. 'I know things seem really terrible right now, Hermione, but you'll feel better once we get you settled and you can have a good sleep.' 'Thank you,' Hermione replied politely. She didn't feel grateful because she was still too numb, but there was no reason for her to take out her hurt on this friendly woman who was only trying to help. 'I'm sure there'll be some news soon,' Alexa said. 'Do you want me to stay with you?' Hermione shook her head and pulled the blanket further around her. 'I'm going to try to sleep.' 'Good idea,' Alexa said approvingly. 'If you need anything I'm only outside. Just give me a shout.' 'Thank you,' Hermione said again, and she watched Alexa leave. She closed her eyes once more but now she was alone and the hot chocolate had done its work of helping to remove the shock, Hermione was all too easily able to relive the attack, the remembrance of the flashes of kaleidoscope colour that had filled the hallway and lounge exploding in her brain like fireworks. That was the worst thing, Hermione thought as she reopened her eyes and looked around her bleakly as the tears fell again — that she hadn't even had a chance to try to save her parents. Her father had died instantly as he opened the front door to the Death Eaters, the black-robed, masked figures stepping carelessly over his lifeless body as they searched out and found her mother in the lounge. By the time Hermione had realised what was happening and grabbed her wand and rushed downstairs to fight them off, various members of the Order of the Phoenix had arrived and were battling the bad guys, but it was too late — her mother was already dead. Hermione remembered crying out in horror and despair at the sight of both her parents lying on the floor. She had screamed again when a hex, fortunately, badly aimed, just missed her, causing her to stumble as she moved to avoid it. The next thing she knew she had been grabbed by the elbow and there was the wrenching, twisting feeling of being Apparated, and then she was at the Ministry of Magic. Her mind replayed the words she had heard her rescuer whisper in that moment just before they Apparated — 'Don't worry, my sweet, I'll look after you' — and Hermione shivered as she tried to work out whether she could recognise the identity of the owner of the voice, who had left her before she even had time to open her eyes and look around. Now she was thinking more clearly she was certain her rescuer was a man. As she continued to think about it, she became more certain she recognised the voice, too, even though the person had spoken only in a whisper. But however hard Hermione