So here is my idea for a new story please let me know what you think of it so far and I'll try to update it as soon as I can. Please read and review thank you, Love Angel x Harry cooed in his basket as Albus Dumbledore placed him on the steps of Number four Privet Drive with a note attached. "Albus I've been studying these people and they are the worst sort of muggles around. Are you absolutely certain there's no where else he could go? I mean he'll be a celebrity and there won't be a person alive who doesn't know his name!" said Professor McGonagall seriously. "It is for that exact reason Minerva that he must stay here within the wards I'm now placing. These wards will make anyone magical want to leave immediately for his own safety. If he is here and knows less about our world he will be less drawn to evil and dark forces which are out there and would seek to corrupt him. This way he can remain pure and safe! Come now he's asleep lets leave him here and don't worry as he has a warming charm on him. Hagrid don't cry as it's not really goodbye after all we'll see him soon!" said Dumbledore smiling as they all left one after the other. Eight years later: Vernon cowered on the floor of his loan sharks office. "Vernon Dursley you have reneged on your loan payments for the last time! I don't care that you don't want your wife to know about your gambling ways that and the fact that you siphon money from the company whenever you feel like it. Did you really think you could diddle the books and no one would ever know about it? It seems you are not at all who I thought you were but then again the same could be said for me couldn't it?" replied Mac flicking his wrist as a wand came into his hands making Vernon shriek out. "Not another freak! Isn't it bad enough we have one of your kind at home! Please don't hurt me I'll do anything sir please don't tell my wife or my boss even if he is your brother!" he shrieked out once again. With this Mac stopped dead in his tracks and placed the wand on the table. "Change of plan Vernon now here's what we're going to do. You are going to tell me the name of the person living with you, I am going to perform a magical health check on you and then you will do exactly what I tell you to as I may wish to give you and your charming wife some luxurious gifts in return for something of my choice" he said surprising Vernon who had not at all expected this outcome. "Well Mac sir his name is Harry James Potter and his parent's were blown up by a lunatic. This Wizard man calling himself Albus Dumbledore left him in a basket on our doorstep at night with an attached note saying who he was and that the child had been left with us because he had no one else left. He told us that our elderly squib neighbour called Arabella Figg would report to him the safety of Harry etc. She always babysits Harry for us whenever we need her to although I don't know what squib means but then again it could be part of her name or something!" he said frowning as Mac was looking shocked to the core. "Suffice to say you will submit to my medical exam now. I will just be checking the health of your brain and then we will go from there. Don't worry as had I wanted to hurt you I already would have!" said mac raising his wand and calling out legillimens. What he saw horrified him. Harry was there but he was beaten and bruised constantly and he was kept in a cupboard under the stairs where he was barely ever fed. He was underweight and very sick indeed without the aid of muggle medicine or a doctor. Mac frowned at this. "Your brain is not healthy so I will call one of our magical doctors to fix it for you at some point. Now though I will call a colleague of mine and you will take us home with you otherwise my mouth will open and your wife will know everything. In fact he will take us there via magic now!" he said as another man he had just summoned using his patronus entered the building. "Roderick how are you it's been a while? Did you bring the pensive with you? You need to see what I saw earlier on in this man's mind. He is the uncle of Harry James Potter and yes you did hear me right. Before you say anything this muggle man is all the family Harry has left. When you look at the memories please don't say anything. I need you to bring with me your warding skills as Dumbledore is involved in this and we know he's always up to something fishy! Even if it is for his self proclaimed greater good" he said evilly. The man he had called in Roderick produced a bowl into which a white substance from Mac's head was placed. Roderick then placed his face into the bowl disappearing and emerging looking furious and frightening Vernon who had no idea what was going on. "Give me one moment and I'll get on to Lucius for one of his house elves!" he said kneeling before the fireplace as he called out Malfoy Manor. Lucius old friend how are you? I am in need of your services. Roderick this is a surprise. How can I help you? I need you to accept a payment of your choosing to permanently release a house elf of yours to me for a client who will need one. Essentially you should pick out the one you dislike the most and tell them that you will be releasing them permanently to a new family who are in need of one. Can you do this for me? Well this is unique and highly unusual but you do not usually ask me for things that are illegal so I will agree. I want fifty thousand galleons now and you can have Dobby. One moment please. Mac please hand me a briefcase or bag with fifty thousand galleons in it. I'll hand it through now. Lucius here you go. I need the elf right now so have him count it and then send him to me. Ok Roderick. Dobby! Please come here. Now you must count the money in this bag here. Yes Master. This bag contains fifty thousand galleons master. Ok Dobby here is my tie. You are freed now because another family needs you. Please go through the fireplace to the Elms where Roderick is and he'll take you the rest of the way. Goodbye now get out! See you later on Roderick. He withdrew from the fireplace smiling as Dobby entered the room teary eyed with joy. "Thank you so much for relieving me from the Malfoy family. Who is this family I'll be joining?" he asked bouncing up and down. "Mr Dobby I need a magical vow that you will not tell anyone bar other house elves who can keep their mouths closed about this. The family you'll be serving has but one little child in it. He is eight years old and knows nothing about the wizarding world as he was raised in the muggle world where you will be expected to live with him. We will however be taking him out of the dangerous environment he's in. His name is Harry James Potter. Now we need you to take us all to number four Privet Drive in Surrey and I need you to please tell us what kinds of wards are on the house before we go inside can you do that?" he asked Dobby who looked shocked to the core. "Harry Potter! This is my life dream come true. Yes I can hold on please and we'll go!" Vernon was shocked to the core but was so frightened that he did as asked without complaining. They arrived outside and Dobby made sure no one saw them arrive. He scanned the premises for a while before speaking. "There are various wards here to prevent against flooding and fires and there is a ward to keep everyone magical and all post for Harry Potter out. Also there are wards preventing Harry from leaving the area so he can't escape this village. They use wards like this in Azkaban I can remove these last two if you like or do whatever you wish me to do!" said Dobby seriously pissed off at this news. "Ok leave the first three wards alone for now. I need you to make it look as though he's always there even if he isn't can you do that?" Roderick asked Dobby who waved his hands as it happened. "I am going to scan the area myself for tracking charms and such and then I'll get back to you. Remove the ward preventing magical people to enter the premises but limit it solely to medical people and or bank officials ok? Oh and make sure no one will ever be able to tell they call here using a silencer for all aparating, flooing and or portkeying to and from the area" said Roderick walking around the house boundaries. He gasped at all of the tracking and monitoring devices he saw there. He was able to gather all of the tracking charms including those on Harry himself from a distance and place them all on a photo frame momentarily without alerting anyone to anything being out of the ordinary. Dobby did as asked and looked for further instructions. "Roderick call Antonio we need some illegal work done here!" no sooner had he said that then a Jack Russell sped off asking for the man in question who popped in beside them. "Roderick I was busy and I need to know what is so important you disturbed me?" he asked him seriously. "Antonio I need you to make a wand for a minor of great importance, Harry Potter. He is being abused in this muggle home here and they are his family but he really has no where else to go. I am giving Vernon his uncle an extension to his home with a granny annex in it. I'll be needing it connected to the floo network immediately with the password of Diagon Lily. Also I need to permanently remove any trace on Harry so it may look to anyone who should ever try to reapply them that they are always successful even if they are not. He is to never be charmed without his knowledge again. Did you bring your wand making supplies? Now I'm going to make the granny annex right now. It will take me ten minutes so wait here please for further instructions!" said Roderick taking Mac with him. Withdrawing both of their wands they used untraceable magic to add on a two story annex to the side of the house. Inside the annex they had a living room, dinning room, kitchen and bathroom on the ground floor. Upstairs they had a master bedroom with an en suite and walk in closet. It had it's own separate door for entering and charms were placed upon it to repel any of the Dursleys from wanting to enter it or have anything to do with him at all. Flicking his wand he insured that all charges were sent to Harry's account upon which a Goblin arrived shocked. "I'm sorry sir but I don't know who you are but you are not allowed to charge to Harry Potter's account without his permission or indeed that of his