Okay, so this is my first Lord of the Rings fanfic, and it's been a really long time since I've written anything to be honest, so excuse me if it's not the best, I'm really out of practice. Now, I'm going to try my best with this, but I never read any of the books. I tried to, I really tried, but I couldn't do it. It didn't grasp my interest and I gave up. But I adore the movies. So, I'm going about my information here based on what I read on wiki, the movies, and other fanfics similar to mine. If you see a mistake, let me know in a review, nicely of course. Don't be all mean about it, I'm human, I make mistakes. Also, I'm sorry if my prologue is misleading. This is an OC/Legolas fanfic, however when watching the movies I always imagined my character meeting Legolas through Aragorn when he arrives in Rivendell with the hobbits, so this is how I decided to go about meeting Aragorn. I'm going to do a time skip, my next chapter will be around when the Hobbits arrive in Bree, and I'll be back to using Michelle's POV. So, let me know what you think in the reviews! It's so easy to make reviews now so you have no excuse not to! Ha-ha, be nice though. Don't go being mean to me, because it doesn't take a lot to make me sad. I remember tears streaming down your face when I said I'll never let you go When all those shadows almost killed your light "Michelle! Is everything okay in there?" A worried mother asked on the other side of her child's locked bedroom door. On the other side of that door though, everything was the opposite of fine. A young woman, the age of eighteen, sobbed heavily into her pillow, soaking the fabric with salty tears. "Everything's fine." Michelle called out, masking her voice with a fake calmness, wavering only slightly. Her mother, not hearing the waver in her daughter's voice nodded and decided to leave her alone. Her daughter came home from work early without calling for a ride, and slammed the front door upon arriving home and quickly retreated into her room without at least the courtesy of informing the family she was home. Michelle continued to sob as her world had been crashed upside down. It was literally the worst day she had ever experienced in her life. First on the list of today's miserables, is the rejection letter she received in the mail, notifying her she did not get accepted into the college she had wanted to attend. It was on the other side of her home state of Pennsylvania, and she wanted to go there more than anywhere else, as it was the only place she had applied to. It was a huge let down and disappointment to discover she was not good enough to attend. Next, as she entered Hollister, the place she had been working for the past eight months, her manager stopped her at the door and told her the unfortunate news on how the store had not been making enough money to pay for all the employees and some of them had to be let go... Michelle was one of those employees. She was allowed to collect her things out of her locker in the backroom and that was it, she was unemployed. Now, if that did not make things bad enough, as she was walking through the mall, deciding whether or not she should stay and window-shop or begin to walk home, she spotted a familiar head of hair by the elevator. She recognized it to be none other than her boyfriend of one and a half years, Kevin. She was about to call to him, let him know of the news and maybe make plans to watch some cheesy romance movie or something to brighten her spirits, but before she could she witnessed a beautiful redhead step out of the elevator and Kevin quickly embraced her. At first, she was fine with this, maybe the red-head was a friend or a relative, however she saw the girl work her tongue into her boyfriend's mouth, and he seemed in no rush to push her off. That was the final straw for Michelle. She couldn't face her boyfriend, she felt humiliated, embarrassed, and betrayed. She didn't want to embarrass herself more by making a scene in the middle of the local mall and collapsing to the ground crying. So instead, she didn't look back, and walked outside into the city air and began to walk the mile to her house, only letting silent tears slide down her face, holding off the flood until she got into the privacy of her own room. So, there Michelle was, crying on her bed. She didn't need her mother, and her mother would not have done much anyway. For as long as Michelle could remember, her parents took care of her, gave her food, took her back and forth to where she needed to be, and lent her money when she needed it, but that was as far as it went. Besides that, her parents never paid attention to her, or gave her the guidance that most parents would give their children. Michelle could still remember all the times her older brother had beat her up in front of her mother's presence and all her mom would say is "Now that's not a nice thing to do." and then went to read the bible or something. Her father was no better. They didn't talk much at all, and the only real interaction they had was when he told her that they would be going on a hike, or a bicycle ride, or a canoe trip. He never once told her that he loved her, or that he was proud of her. Not even when she graduated from high school. Communication was limited between her and her parents, and Michelle kept them at a distance. She was raised by her brothers and the opportunity her parents had to have a close relationship with their daughter had come and passed. "I want to leave this place…" Michelle sobbed. "There's nothing for me here, no family, Kevin was the only friend I had, no job or money…" she sniffed. "I want to find a place where people actually care about me. Where I'm not suspicious of everyone I meet… I wish I could start a new life for myself." She said silently to herself, and she meant every word. If something happened to where she was no longer in her crummy town, she knew she would not miss the people. She closed her eyes, pressing her cheek into her tear-soaked pillow and tried to calm herself by listening to a catchy techno song inside her head, called Interlude. It was her favorite song, and always raised her spirits, and could feel her foot tap to the drums that echoed through the song as she played it in her head. Michelle caught an odd scent and sniffed, trying to determine what it was. It took her a moment, but the smell reminded her of grass. A grassy meadow, after sunrise where morning dew still misted on the grass's blade and the soft dirt of the earth was moist and fresh with life. "Mom must be using a new air freshener. " Michelle smiled, enjoying the smell, "I'll have to steal it off her when I get the chance." As she continued to have her eyes closed she heard a bird caw from above her. She didn't bother to open her eyes but she quickly assumed it was a crow or something close by her window outside. "It must be heading to its nest I presume; it should be getting dark soon". Although, she did find it odd that it sounded from directly above her, and not from her window, but she didn't trouble herself with the thought, not seeing the big deal of mishearing something. However, one last thing happened that Michelle couldn't ignore that made her open her eyes. She rolled over in her bed, trying to find a more comfy position, and when she rolled over she could no longer feel a mattress below her or a pillow under her head. She rolled back, but still nothing. Instead, she felt herself lying down in what felt like grass, and upon opening her eyes she found herself to be correct. She was laying in a grassy field, with a morning sky above her. "What in the… did I fall asleep?" she wondered out loud, thinking this was a dream. She sat up and examined her surroundings. The only thing she could spot besides grass, grass, and more grass, was a tiny village maybe a football's field away from her. However, the houses were odd looking. The houses were made of wooden boards with what looked like hay for a roof. Something you would see in the medieval ages she figured. But she quickly noticed something else off about the houses, there was smoke rising over them, and she could see the orange tongues of flame feast on a few buildings and slowly spreading to the others. "F-fire?" she gasped in confusion. She could feel the heat of the flames warm the air and send hot gusts of air towards her. Michelle was beginning to feel afraid, how was it possible that she could feel the heat. None of her dreams had ever felt this real before. She quickly snapped herself out of it though." The people who live in those houses…why are there no people outside trying to put out the fire, or at least screaming…" she wondered. She was about to run for it, before the fire lit the grass and spread to the field she was taking refuge in, however she heard a scream, a faint scream but still a scream, belonging to what sounded like a small child. Michelle quickly turned back to the village, "hang on, I'm coming!" she called and broke into a sprint towards the village. Michelle had never been near a house fire, the closest fire she had ever been close to was a camp fire on one of her dad's camping trips, and she was not expecting the immense heat that filled the air. "Can anyone hear me!?" Michelle screamed through the village, hoping to see some survivors, but quickly as she looked at the buildings and the ground around them, her blood turned to ice. There were a few villagers littered on the dirt path of the village, their bodies bloodied with deep cuts in the necks, chests, and other places. It definitely was not the work of a simple fire. "Oh my god…" Michelle gasped, holding her mouth in horror and suddenly feeling as if she were going to lose all the food in her stomach. She took a couple steps backwards and turned to run as fast from the village as she could, but something blocked her path. It had to be one of the ugliest creatures Michelle had ever laid eyes on. It appeared to be a man, about her height, but his skin was an ugly color of green, like the color of rotten celery or cabbage. His nose was large and crooked and he bore wild red eyes filled with hatred and the lust to kill. His teeth looked crooked and sharpened, as if every tooth was a sharp, pointed canine. His garments were cruel black leather with pieces of fur and cloth sticking out. He had a long, black sword, stained with the villagers' blood which looked even more malicious as the fire light glinted off the blade. The crazed man gave her a cruel, horrible smile, and raised his sword, walking towards her with excitement as if the thought of killing her was some sort of strange high. "N-no-Stay