Disclaimer: I do not own the characters or the Twilight franchise. All rights belong to Stephenie Meyer. Chapter One Jacob Black had never thought this would be it; that his short time on earth would come to a screeching halt. He was a shifter, a beast in the night. Yet here he stood in the forest, shivering from the cold drizzle that fell from the night sky. He clutched his shoulder tightly and winced as the area throbbed. His body shook as the heat from his body slowly seeped out. He looked around, fear taking over every nerve. Jacob was a brave cocky teen with a temper to match and yet he was feeling like a lost beaten pup. He took a step, stumbling and whimpering. A curse left his cracked lips and he collapsed to his knees. Every ounce of strength drained from the very being. The pain was growing with every passing second. It would be unbearable if his body wasn't in shock. The shock was subsiding as the adrenaline had run its course. He couldn't continue. He let his body fell forward, tears falling over the paling cheeks. He was dying and so much in his life he began to regret. He didn't tell his father he loved him one last time. He never won Bella back to his arms. He never got to be a teen or even a normal person. He was pushed into this world of monsters without a choice. He was expected to just take it in stride and give up the ideals of normality. Jake had chosen to stroll further from those on his shift, drawn away to deal with the turmoil running through his head. Bella and her engagement to the leech had caused him to lose any sense of caring for safety. He was so angry, so hurt, and needed time which no one would allow him to have. Sam forced him to continue his duties. He was a shifter after all. He wasn't allowed to have a moment to himself if it wasn't contributing to the pack and their need to protect the tribe. He had managed to forget his duties for a moment as he trailed further and further from Embry and Quil who were on watch with him. He reached a point in the forest when his screams would go unheard even by the keenest of ears, crossing the boundary of his land into the enemies. Jake had stopped and looked around, coming to realize this when the scent hit him like an unseen wall. Their sickly-sweet scent had permeated the air and for the briefest second he had wondered how he had not noticed. The monsters dropped from the trees where they had been spying on the russet wolf and surrounded him. They were nothing like the Cullen's nor the newborns. They looked feral in appearance, following instinct like a starving animal yet they were more cunning. A female who appeared older than any vampire he had seen before stepped forward. She must have been turned at a far older age than most. Her hair was long auburn knots with twigs and debris sticking out in various locations. She wore a dress of crudely skinned furs and her limbs marked in black paint to form detailed patterns of swirls. Jake lunged at her, finally allowing his inner wolf to take hold but ten against one was a losing battle. The nine others were on him and holding him down with incredible strength. He tried to contact the others through their mind but he couldn't set up a link. The distance may have strained it but something else was blocking them. He looked to the elder woman as he struggled to gain freedom from the freezing bodies. She grinned broadly, there was no need to utter a word. She had something to do with the disruption. There a shrill buzzing in his head and it grew with every step she took forward. It got louder and made his head split in agony. He snarled and tried shaking the vampires off harder. Then he stilled as his body seemed to freeze as if he were paralyzed. Jacob couldn't will a single muscle to budge. He looked up with wide eyes and stared at the cold being before him. Her lips moved but no sound came out. He heard a vampire grunt in some sort of unspoken agreement. That was when a set of teeth lodged into his left shoulder. He let out a howl of pain and screwed his eyes shut. The burn of venom began to surge through his veins. Jake's wolf form began to falter and he shifted back to a human state. He wanted to curl in on himself and will the pain away but laid on his back. Sweat coated his body and he let out pained cries. The vampires backed away a few feet, watching the teen. Prying his lids apart, his eyes darted to each leech in the group. The paralysis that had held his body vanished and he slowly pushed himself from the ground. He swayed slightly but crouched low into a stance of defense, fighting the pain back. While Jake knew his odds against so many were nonexistence, he had every intention to fight with the last of his breath. He heard a sound, like the whispering of the wind. Jake jerked his head toward the old vampire and stared at her. She chuckled lowly and said whispered once more. Reading her lips in favor of straining his ears to hear her, he read run. He backed up slowly before turning and taking off through the forest like the wounded beast he was. Pushing his body hard and not allowing himself to look back. He tried so hard to phase but the wolf inside was nowhere to be found in his mind. He was alone, cold, and stuck in a weakened form. Those moments were the reason he now laid in the wet dirt, shaking and unable to force himself any further. His breathing was labored as he rolled to lie on his back and let out a groan. His body was so heavy and cold. He wished he had not left the group; that he had stuck to Embry and Quil like glue. Now he would die and no one could save him from the monsters lurking in the darkness. He arched off the ground as a surge of pain burned through him. A scream tore his throat before he could stop it. He had hoped to be numb to the end of his time but the moment of rest allowed his body to register what was happening. Jake reached up and clawed at the marks, desperate to remove the tainted skin with his nails. He recalled the last time he had suffered like this. The moment in the newborn battle, yet this was far worse because it was so fresh in his mind. Jacob continued to scream and wither on the ground. He begged to the sky for someone to save him or to end this agony. It was like he had been forced to swallow hot coals that were burning all his insides to ash but his skin was cold like fresh snow, biting him as if he were pricked by a thousand needles. Jake wanted to die, for once in his short life the wish to perish weighed heavily in his mind. The teen couldn't handle another moment of this hell. His vision was blurry from the tears falling from the once tan cheeks. He choked on his own spit as his throat felt like it was closing. The woman came into his vision with a feral grin. The smile took up most of her face, giving the illusion she was nothing more than two eyes and a large mouth filled with sharp jagged teeth. Jake stilled and stared up at her, a weak whimper escaping him. He reached out with a shaking hand and gripped the dirty fur she wore. His eyes begging her to end it all. He opened his mouth, lipping the words. If his pack were to see him, they would be disgusted. He was pleading for death from the enemy. Jake was so weak but he didn't care in the moment. He needed escape from this moment. He could see Sam's face, clear anger etched into the features and Jake was sorry but the older man couldn't understand the feeling of insides being torn away. The vampire knelt and pulled his hand from her skirt gently. She clutched it and stroked it as if she were a mother consoling an ill child. Her eyes focused on the digits she held. A soft purring sounded from her along with other appreciative noises at the touch of his slightly warm skin. Though it was cooling, she seemed to adore the flesh with how she stroked it with care. Licking his lips, he curled his fingers around her wrinkled hand. "P-please….. please…. Kill me…." He whispered. She moved her eyes from his hand to his face and cooed. She dropped the hand and moved to crouch other him, leaning close to his face. There was only a mere inch between them allowing him to smell her decaying breath. She inhaled deeply and grinned once more. Bouncing a little on the balls of her feet in excitement. She threw her head back and let out a noise that he had never heard before. It was a mix between a scream and a growl. It was shrill and hurt his ears. The vampires around made the same noise. He wasn't sure if they were crouched close or standing far in the tree tops. Jake's mind and senses were becoming muddled. He didn't dare move his eyes from this lethal woman. She looked back down and gripped his face tightly, digging the claw like nails into his cheeks. "Never….. no death… no end…. Keep….. Keep you.", she whispered back "Make forget…. All…. Everything… revert…. Child…. I take all away and give you new. You special. You a new monster that scare all other. No man, no cold one, no shifter will stand next to you. You are creation. My creation. Mine. I will control. Make use. For now, I erase." Her English was poor as if it were a second language on her tongue. She began to hum and sway around, red eyes rolling back and exposing only the whites. Jacob felt warm once more, a pleasant warmth that numbed his body to the pain that consumed him. His eyes fluttered shut and he let out a soft pleased noise. However, he began to feel strange, his mind becoming fuzzy. He couldn't cling to the world anymore and he welcomed the sensation of finally falling away. Edward watched the deer nibble on the patch of green grass. It was the last piece of greenery as the fall consumed the color, before turning it into an ugly brown. The cold teen wasn't hungry, no need to kill the animal to feast upon it's blood. Rather he was observing it and mulling over his future to come and the binding of two individuals. Edward may not have much of a say in what was to be done at his wedding but he still had so much to think over. He was making an eternal commitment. Smiling softly, he let out a soft sigh. He finally felt happy. It wasn't to say he hadn't been happy in the decades he had lived with his adoptive family but this was different from that. It was like he had a beating heart once more in his chest. He would be whole once he became intertwined with Bella. The deer jerked it's head up and looked off toward the opposite direction of Edward's perch in the tree. He cut his thoughts to look off in the direction that spooked the animal and listened