I have been having a really rough case of writers block, and one of my author friends told me to take a break and just get something down on paper, so I did and this is what came of it. By the end of this one shot, you will want to kill me, I can guarantee it. Yeah, this is a one shot, it you want to see where this Katniss is now, go read fixed, and that's where I got the story line from. She could barely remember a time when he wasn't there. Hell, she wasn't even sure she wanted to remember a time when he wasn't around to soothe her into a peaceful oblivion. He was her forever…she was his always. "Do I have to go Peeta?" the dark haired beauty chews nervously on her bottom lip, leaning in a half pout against the stark white frame of the bedroom door. "Katniss, I'm not letting you stay alone again, plus, you kind of have to be there." The blonde barely looks up from the laundry he digs through in search of his jersey. "It was one time Peeta." Katniss responds standing a little taller in the open doorway. She doesn't understand why he won't give it a rest. It was two months ago, she's gotten over it since then. Having him by her side 24/7 has been fun, but still, it makes her irate with annoyance when she gets no alone time. "Kat, I found you lying on the floor half dead. Why the hell would I want to leave you alone?" his anger is short-lived when he sees the glistening of tears in her stormy grey eyes. Almost immediately he is by her side, his strong arms wrapping around her waist in a vice like grip. As she latches onto him she forgets, almost completely, why she was so annoyed in the first place. All she really wants to do is hold him to the end of the world, never letting go for even a second of time. It isn't always like this, no, they have a great relationship. He strives to keep her happy, but there are times when her own sadness can bring down her personal sun. He always falls harder when she does, and there are days where it seems that the darkness has been cast over them in a never ending cloud of depression. But they always manage to pull through. Their previous fight was one of stupidity, not of darkness. They happen when the dark beauty finds herself stuck in a storm of memories and flashbacks that she can't seem to shake. As much as Peeta tries, he can never truly understand how she can hold so much pain in her tiny body. She is a vessel of pain and her only medication is her blonde boy with bread. It isn't really her fault they were nominated for fall homecoming court, and it sure as hell wasn't her fault that they won. Really, it's Peeta's fault. If he wasn't so damned cute, maybe she wouldn't have to put on a dress and walk across the football field in heels that could break her neck if she fell once. When he lets her go, she takes a deep breath still holding onto the corner of his sweatshirt. The soft cotton feels good and warm wrapped inside her fingers and for a second she contemplates not letting go. When he finally speaks, his voice is soft and husky, just the way she likes it. "You can't stall forever." She jumps at the deep whisper in her ear, giggling when his warm breath tickles the skin around her hairline. "I'm going to break my neck." Her response is bitter and biting, but she knows he will see past it; he always does. "I'll catch you." He answers, gently kissing her forehead before prying her tiny ivory fingers off of his now wrinkled grey hoodie. He goes into the bathroom, shutting the door softly behind him before he changes for the game. Katniss sits with a humph on his bed. She can't help but pull his sheets to her face, mesmerized by his warm cinnamon scent that encompasses her. The dreaded orange dress sits across the room from her, hanging on the door handle of Peeta's closet. It flows beautifully when it's on; it's nothing like the ornate dress she has for homecoming itself. This dress is plainer, Peeta, of course, helped her pick it out. Dresses aren't usually her thing, in fact, they are never her thing. Peeta had insisted that she looked beautiful, so she got the dresses. She wishes she could just lie down on his bed and fall asleep, forgetting about the game, but she can't. She's promised herself twice already that she will go to the game for Peeta even if it means sudden death in the hands of the horrid high heels that sit on the ground just inches from the bottom of the orange sundress. Standing shakily, despite the screams of her mind to run away, she grabs the dress, barging into the bathroom just as Peeta exits. He can't help but let a small chuckle escape from deep down, she's so beautiful when she's annoyed. It almost makes him giddy inside to know that she's putting on that dress for him, he means enough to her. Peeta can remember a time when a slightly less happy Katniss was around. That Katniss was less than beautiful. He can remember how lost she was, how hopeless life seemed to her. He can still see the frown and haunting grey eyes that seemed to follow her wherever she went. Making his way to his bed, he drops onto the comfort of his soft sheets and thick comforter. There is still warmth where Katniss was sitting. Running his hand over the fading warmth, a smile crosses his pale face. He loves her more than anything he's ever loved before. Sure, they have their moments, Katniss can be so stubborn sometimes, but she's still his Katniss. They're made for each other. She's a raging fire, and he is the water she needs to keep contained. The first time they met, she slapped him, right in the face, for asking if she needed help with the large box of books she was carrying for a teacher. It only made him more interested and one thing lead to another and soon she was divulging all her deepest darkest secrets to him. He was like her light at the end of the tunnel; he was her personal ray of sunshine. Curse words flow freely from the bathroom breaking Peeta from his thoughts. He can picture her struggling with her dress, muttering every word she can think of under her breath. Some are probably directed at him for dragging her into the mess. "Kat, babe, you ok in there?" he cautiously approaches the door, anticipating it flying open, possibly even off its hinges. "Of course I'm not ok in here!" Katniss huffs, a slew of curse words follows, Peeta's sure half of them are made up. "Do you want me to help?" he knows she'll turn it down, Katniss and help don't mix well together. "Why the hell would I want help?" her voice is strained and he'll be surprised if the dress isn't ripped to shreds by the time she's got it on. "You know Stella's downstairs right?" he calls into the bathroom. The sound of struggling and cursing stops at the mention of Stella, Peeta's tiny niece. On more than one occasion Katniss has fallen in love with the little ball of excitement. At one time Stella had her so wrapped around her finger that Katniss watched Coraline every day after school. It was like torture for Peeta, but Katniss and Stella loved it, so he did too. She door slowly opens revealing the most beautiful thing Peeta has ever witnessed. He stares at her; she has no idea the effect she can have on him. She's a vision in the sunset orange, perfect for fall, or any other normal fall. The snow on the ground in October is far from usual in the middle of Kansas, but when is Kansas weather ever usual? Katniss had stared at herself in the mirror for a long time before she finally came out of the room. She had no idea what Peeta saw, but in the dress, she looked beautiful. You see, she had never believed Peeta, before now, that is. AS she stared at herself, she realized just how far she had come in the six years she was in mac. In seventh grade, she never pictured she would be the strong independent person she is now. She never thought she could ever allow herself to love. Yet here she was, Katniss Everdeen, allowing herself to love. The thought was crazy, yet nor unbelievable. Katniss looks into his eyes, shaking the fleeting thoughts from her head. Those are from another time, a time when she thought love was a death sentence. Now love is forever. It isn't running from her, and it isn't leaving her behind like she convinced herself it would so many times before. This is real. Peeta holds out her jacket, a blush rising to his cheeks when she catches him staring. It's like the first time they saw each other all over again. Somehow, tonight, something seems complete, different than usual though neither of them would ever admit it. "I have a deal for you." Peeta whispers to her as they make their way down the stairs, he holds on to her, keeping her upright even as she stumbles down the first few steps. "What is this deal?" Katniss challenges with her eyes, smirking at him with the smirk he has grown to adore. "If you go with me tonight without complaining, I'll take you to see that zombie movie you've wanted to see." She's been raving about the little kid movie since she first saw the trailer for it. He fails to mention he already has the tickets in the car; even if she does complain, he's going to take her. "Hmm, I have to sit through an entire game, in the snow, with people I don't really like, watching you play a sport I really don't understand, just to see that movie?" Peeta's face falls, thinking she's rejecting him, but her face softens into a soft smile as she continues "sounds like a deal." Peeta's face breaks into a sunshiny smile, and he pulls her into a warming hug. . . . Katniss's eyes scan the field in search of the familiar number twelve. She's so used to finding him in such crowds, that he isn't hard to spot. His back is to her, but as if he senses her watchful gaze, he turns to her, giving her her favorite half smirk. She waves, smiling a wide smile as she shivers in the cold wind and drifting snowflakes. It seems as though everything is covered in a light dusting of Kansas snow, even her. Her friends, Addi and Natalie cheer loudly next to her. The entire game, her eyes never leave him. Even when he's sitting on the bench. As time ticks away and Katniss dreads halftime. Walking across a snow-covered field wearing a tiara isn't something she would consider fun. She almost despises the fact that her classmates chose her over everyone else. If she wasn't dating Peeta, they would have never chosen her. In fact, she's almost positive half of her female classmates despise her for it. She can hear their whispers following them through the halls. Katniss knows they're just jealous, what girl wouldn't be? Peeta is perfect, he's the kind of guy that buys her flowers for no reason, calls her every night just to tell her he loves her, but most importantly, he makes her forget about everything around her. In the last few