Ch. 1 AN: Hello people of Fanfiction. I have another OC story here for you. Now before you read just know that this was an impullsive idea that I gt and I typed it all up lat night at 2 a.m. That being said I hope you enjoy it and please review if you want to read more. Have you ever wanted to do something great but never had the courage to go through with whatever it was. Well that was how I was at one point but then one day I was thrown into one of my favorite books/movies. The wonderful world of Harry Potter. I was just driving home after school one day when some idiot that was texting and driving ran a red light and t-boned me. Now that normally wouldn't have been so bad, except that texting dumbass was driving a big rig and completely destroyed the driver's side of the car. It was instant so I didn't feel anything, thank god for that. My family sued the driver and the trucking company and were set up for the rest of their lives, not that it dulled the pain any. Any way I don't want to get too depressing, so I'll just get to the part where things start looking up for little old me… my names Daniel by the way. So as I was saying, I died and by some random chance I was transported to Kings Cross Station, just like in the second Deathly Hallows movie. "Hello there," I heard a woman's voice say behind me. I turned around with a sad smile on my face, because hey I just died. The woman was quite beautiful with black hair, and a dark blue medieval type gown with gold trimming. "Uh hi. So umm if this heaven or purgatory or…" I asked the woman. "It is what you would call a crossroads," She said as she began walking towards me. I fixed her with a confused glance. "What do you mean a crossroads?" "A place where you can choose whether to continue to the afterlife, or go on living as another," she explained to me. "Wait so another chance at life? W-Why," I asked." "If I am going to be completley truthful, then this second chance will not be a, walf in the park, as people say now. It will be a very chanllenging journey and you may not survive," she told me. I tilted my head and stared at her for a second after she said that, "Lady you need to work on your sales pitch." "I did not wish to lie to you. I think that it would have been counter productive," she said with a chuckle. "Well at least you're not lying to me ," I said in relief. "so let's say that I'll go where you want to send me, were will you be sending me?" "I will be sending you to a place where I come from, I believe you know of it as the 'Harry Potter Universe.'" I lost it, my jaw dropped and my heart was beating faster than ever and that's saying something considering I had just been in a car accident where I had died, although I guess it wouldn't have been beating very fast since it you know… stopped, or got crushed, your choice. "S-so you're saying that I get to go into Harry Potter, and be a part of it," I said feeling joy, excitement and fear all collide within me. "Correct." "As a wizard?' "Yes." "That… that is awesome," I said not being able to come up with any other adjectives. "So you accept going," she asked. "Yes," I said without hesitation. "Good. Now you will be entering at the beginning of Potters third year. Your story, which I will put in your head along with the basic curriculum from the previous years, is that you are an orphan who never got their letter delivered and have been recently found by the Ministry." "Wait before you send me off, why are you sending me, what made me so special?" I asked the woman. "My magic chose you. Out of all of the souls that were dying, it chose you," she replied. "So just dumb luck then," I said and I shook my head. "So where do I begin?" "At an orphanage in the small town of Little Hangleton, at the beginning of July, so you have two months before school starts." "Voldemort's parent's hometown, nice," I said as I recalled the name of the town. "When do I leave?" "Now," she said as I started to spin. "Wait! I never got your name!" I yelled. "Rowena Ravenclaw," she yelled as everything went black. When I woke up I saw that I was in a dark room, laying on an uncomfortable bed. I looked around and saw that there was no one else in the room with me. Just me, a small desk with no chair, and a small foot locker. I got out of bed and went through the foot locker to see what I owned, which consisted of seven British pounds, two button up shirts, one black one white, two pairs of black slacks, and two different pairs of shoes, trainers and dress shoes. "Well it's better nothing," I muttered as I looked at what I was wearing, a pair of holey sweats, and a dirty white T-shirt. 'Hmm, wonder when I'll get my Hogwarts letter,' I thought. 'A professor will becoming by later today to make arrangements with you. In the mean time I suggest you speak to a man named Frank Bryce to find employment," Ravenclaws voice said inside my head making me jump. "Rowena," I asked out loud. 'Yes, I can talk to you in your mind to help guide you,' she said. "This is really cool," I said with a large smile on my face, but then suddenly dropped. "You won't be here the whole time will you or…" 'I know when to leave you to your own devices,' she said quickly. "Okay good to know. But Frank Bryce? Doesn't he die in the fourth book?" 'It is a life you may be able to save.' "Okay sounds good," I said as I put a button up and a pair of slacks on. I had gotten permission to leave the orphanage for the day and went to see Frank Bryce. I remembered that people had hated him in the town because they had blamed him for the murders of the Riddles which he did not commit. I figured that I would go and get a job as a helping hand to Frank since the book had said that he had trouble with his leg ever since he served in WWII. I got to Riddle Manor, which had an ominous feel to it, and went to the smaller house in the back where Frank lived. I knocked softly on the door and didn't hear anyone move around. "Hello, anyone home." "What do you want," a gruff voice said from behind me. I turned around and saw the man Frank Bryce, standing there with a shovel in his right hand and a bucket in the other. "Uh hello sir, I- I'm from the orphanage down the road and I was wondering if you needed any help around here, I could really use the money," I said hating the fact that I sounded really pathetic with my thirteen year old voice. Frank for his part just scoffed, "You want a job so you can just steal the keys and have you and your friends drive me crazy." "Please sir I hate those bastards, bunch of stuck up idiots if you ask me. Please I need this job," I begged. Frank stood there and thought about it for a second. He looked at me and made a grunting noise. "Fine I'll hire you. You start tomorrow, and the job pays like crap, just so you know." "As long as it pays," I said as I shook his hand. "I'll see you tomorrow." I was on my knees at my desk shuffling a deck of cards that I managed to find in the drawers of one of the desk in my room when there was a knock at my door. "Daniel may I come in, there's someone here to see you," one of the caretakers asked. "Of course come on in," I said as I put a rubber band around the cards. A blonde woman came into the room followed by… Holy Crap! McGonagall just came into my room. Oh my god this is awesome. "Daniel this is Professor McGonagall. She said that she would like to have a word with you," the caretaker turned to McGonagall and whispered, "Would you like me to be here?" "No we'll be fine," McGonagall said in her Scottish accent. The caretaker left us and McGonagall took a seat on my bed while I just was on my knees. "Hello Professor, my names Daniel, it's nice to meet you," I said as I held out my hand for her to shake, which she did. "It is nice to meet you as well young man," she said. "Now I am here today to tell you that you have been accepted into the school where I teach. The school is called Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry." I put on my best 'confused face' and looked at her, "Wait Witchcraft and Wizardry? Like spells and dragons?" "Precisely, we wish for you to come to our school however I'm sorry to say that you would have gone sooner, but what helps us find magical children simply did not find you until this year," McGonagall said. "How do I know that you aren't lying to me," I asked figuring that there had to be some skepticism. "Well perhaps I could show you," McGonagall said. "Why don't I give you a chair to use at your desk?" And without another work she took out her wand and conjured a comfy looking desk chair out of thin air and even though I was expecting something magical, it was still amazing to see. "When do I start," I asked in amassment. The rest of the summer had passed rather quickly. I had asked McGonagall if I could earn some extra money before I went to Diagon Alley, which she agreed to and told me that she would be coming to take me on August twentieth. I had worked my ass off with Frank, and made some pretty good money, so I was sure that I would be able to buy a few extra things that the muggle scholarship that I was on didn't cover. When the twentieth of August came I was ready to go on a little wizard shopping spree. "Now the bronze ones are Knuts, and there are twenty-nine Knuts in one Silver Sickle, and seventeen Sickles in one Galleon," McGonagall explained as we got my money. There was thirty galleons in the muggle scholarship which was just enough to pay for my books and wand, but the money that I had made with Frank should be able to let me buy a few extra books. "So where to first Professor," I asked as I looked at the list of required materials. "Well you may get your wand while I get some of the other Materials on your list," she suggested. "That sounds great, thank you Professor," I said gratefully. I entered the wand shop and saw that no one was there, so I assumed that Olivander was going to try and scare- Thump! Yup there it was. "Hello there," Oliva der said as he got off of the moving ladder that he rode in on. "May I have your name sir?" "Uhh, y-yes of course sir. My name is Daniel, sir, Daniel Lovage," I said using the name that the orphanage had given me. "May I see your wand arm," he