I've been itching to write and publish this, ever since I took a month vacay in Europe and started the story skeleton after a particularly rad visit to the Tower of London! England brings out the romantic in me :') So welcome to BYQ! Full cover image can be found in a link on my profile, as well as a informative map of the Olympian Kingdoms too! I highly suggest checking those out because it'll definitely help your reading! Both are made by me. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson but I do own the plot of this fanfiction. Bow to Your Queen Chapter One: The Calm Before The Storm Lord, we know what we are, But know not what we may be. -Ophelia, Hamlet Act 4 Scene V . The land of Olympus had been a wild wasteland ruled by the treacherous beasts of the North until man came to rule it. From the Earth bore the twelve kingdoms of Olympus and from the sky did the twelve royal families rise to power. In the beginning there was war and suffering as land was fought over by the first monarchs, the Titans. Years passed, now the Kingdoms have fallen silent under the second era of monarchs, the Olympians. For twenty years, the Kingdoms sat in sullen peace like the calm before the deep threatening storm…and soon, no Kingdom will be safe any longer. . The light spread through this room like harsh sunbeams between the leaves of the canopy, leaving the ornate yet quite messy bedroom streaked in golden showers. Mostly the sun was welcome as it glared through glossy windowpane, but not today. The girl sat half in her chair and half sprawled across the table, her gown in a messy state of semi-undress and her golden hair curling over the scrolls and papers she poured all night over. At the intruding light, she grimaced and covered her eyes with a lazy arm. "Go away, sun." She muttered but slowly sat up nonetheless. It was only the occasional moment like this where she wasn't regal and proper like she was brought up to be. Ink tipped her fingers and upon scratching her collarbone, ink spilled out against her creamy tan skin. Pushing stray curls out of her face, she smacked her lips sleepily and tore a piece of parchment away from her cheek, where it was stuck, just as there was a knock on the door. "My Lady?" The wispy, singsong voice was muffled by the rosewood door, "I'm coming in now!" The door creaked open as the petite handmaiden slipped inside. Her large creased eyes crinkled in amusement at the sight before her. "Studying all night again?" She busied herself with cleaning the mess immediately, her almost greenish tinted skin and practically magenta hair gleaming in the sunlight, "Your mother will be displeased with those dark circles, Lady Annabeth." Annabeth stood, gathering her papers with awakened energy. "Oh but Juniper, I found older records of the war tactics and architectural marvels used during the Beginning by the Titans," Annabeth couldn't help but grin, "What a find, am I right? I just couldn't stop reading." Juniper rolled her eyes playfully but nodded, gathering the waxy stubs of candles Annabeth had left burning all night. "Yes, yes but hurry now. I'll draw your bath. You mustn't be late for the Meeting." The scrolls Annabeth found the night prior, although interesting and worth the intense studying, could not dampen the overwhelming anticipation, and dread, of what today had brought. Five years prior, Annabeth had simply been far too young to attend. But with this new Meeting bought with it the tensions of the Kingdoms as of late. It was no rumor that there had been skirmishes at the borders of the Kingdoms of Ares and Hephaestus, no accident that supplies were disappearing by the hundreds and no mistake by saying the people of Olympus were unhappy. They were restless, angry as if the birds carried revealing secrets to whisper in their ears. Faithful houses tried their best to dispel this talk but they couldn't stop the whisperings, the murmurs of rebellion brought up by the shadows of the men in plague masks. No Kingdom's alleys were safe from the roaming bands of the Fearless, who dressed in black robes and fashioned themselves to help the people. They hated the Kingdoms, as many thought, and projected a very 'steal from the rich, give to the poor' vibe. And it was really just her luck that the Meeting of the Olympian Kingdoms would be held in her kingdom, her own home even. She wanted to be in the thick of it, wanted to get her hands dirty with all the politics so the Kingdom of Athena could- would- get the upper hand. Years of watching has made me ambitious, she thought as she sunk down into the rose petal bath Juniper had drawn for her. But really what is a crown heir supposed to do? Years of being looked down for being a female tactician, a female architect, scholar, warrior had made her hunger for power. Though there were five Queens on the thrones of Olympus, they were still regarded as lesser than Kings. Even her mother, the great Queen Athena, had to prove she was worthy and now she, Princess Annabeth of the Kingdom of Athena and sole heir to the throne, starved for her own chance to prove her worth. She was no petty woman to roll on her back and give way. She would claw her way up with tooth and nail or die trying. Of course that'd be very unladylike to express publicly, and if she were unladylike people would start to suspect. So Annabeth kept it to herself and submerged her head in the warm bath water to conceal her calculating smirk. . One of the better things about the Meeting of the Kingdoms was, no doubt, being able to seeing royal friends again. When your best friends live two Kingdoms away and are all nobles in the Courts of Kings and Queens, you don't really meet them as often as you'd like. It was different when Annabeth was younger, for she could just invite her friends to stay in the Athenian castle for a month or so but now she was seventeen years old with duties and responsibilities her friends never seemed to understand. Thalia, Princess of the Kingdom of Zeus, was too busy running wild in the Dionysus Kingdom after being forced to giver her right to the throne to her younger brother Jason, while Prince Luke of the Kingdom of Hermes seemed too set on chasing skirts than working toward his reign (even though he was twenty years old already). Annabeth's dearest friend Piper, the only sensible Princess in the Court of Aphrodite in Annabeth's opinion, had been in touch recently through letters and understood Annabeth's duties enough not to beg her to attend every petty party the Court of Aphrodite threw (though she still did beg occasionally). Luckily, but sometimes unluckily, the monarchs traveled with all of their Court and by late morning, the gorgeous front gardens of the castle was filled with carriages, prancing horses and nobles of every Kingdom. Annabeth watched from the front windows of the second floor, playing with the drapes as each grand carriage pulled up. The Court of Aphrodite pulled up in a line of dazzling white, gold and pink carriages with high wheels and each drawn by white stallions, the Hera Kingdom had glittering purple, green and blue carriages with thousands of decorated peacock feathers and lastly… Annabeth's gray eyes hardened as the iridescent gradient blue carriages carried by teams of sleek charcoal horses that looked like they were cantering on waves rolled through the castle's high gold gates. It was no exaggeration to say the Kingdom of Poseidon was one of the Kingdom of Athena's enemies by far. They shared a southwestern border, patrolled daily by more guards than any other borders combined by both sides. One rampant insult thrown by the King Poseidon over the structure of a naval flight and a shipping port and it was clear that the King of the Seas and the Queen of Wisdom hated each other. Annabeth shared this distrust and hatred, as well. The Court of Poseidon was nothing more than a bunch of salty sea scumbags with too much time on their hands and too much water in their ears. They liked to dismiss the advantage of wisdom and strategy as much as they liked to overplay and brag about their strength on the waves. She straightened the pale gold cape draped around her shoulders and paused to pat the pale blue dress hem at her bust line, hoping her full gown wasn't too much. It had been one of her cousin's choices no doubt and… Her thoughts trailed off as she caught a glimpse of King Poseidon and his entourage stepping out of their parade of carriages. In the bright light of the morning, the fourth noble out of the carriage looked up to the castle before him. His dark hair shone, quite messily, in the sun and Annabeth practically gasped as he glanced up. He seemed to be staring straight at the second floor window, straight at her. Going on the notice that he could see her, she merely frowned and turned away from the glass in a swirl of bustling skirts. What was that? She put her hand to her warming cheek, glanced around and strode down the corridor quickly. Guards and maids bowed as she passed but her mind swiftly led her down to the grand courtroom on the ground floor. Annabeth turned a corner, her hands twisting the clear dewdrop jewels of her necklace as a distraction. Gliding down the marble staircase, it felt entirely too hot to wear such a tight corset in the billowy heat of midday but it was the least of her worries. Half of her mind dwelled on the Meeting, half on the strange Poseidon noble. But it was only for a moment until she tumbled straight into another person. "Gods! Annabeth, the only day you should be alert and here you are stumbling down staircases." The fiery cut of her voice sent Annabeth smiling and she glanced up from the arms of Thalia. Her dark short hair swept to the side in a gentle curl and her pale face was dotted with dark freckles that framed her blazing blue eyes. Just as Annabeth would have least expected her, she wore a tailored sweeping full gown of navy and indigo and looked to be grimacing at the pressure of her own corset. "Thalia!" Annabeth smiled and embraced her quickly, before pulling back and glancing at her friend's gown. "I would've never expected, honestly." Thalia blew out of her nose. "Believe me, I would've worn my riding outfit if Father dearest hadn't had such a tantrum over it." Annabeth could actually imagine King Zeus throwing such a childish fit and it only made their laughter louder as they continued on together. Looped arm in arm, they descended to the large first floor landing. Nobles of every Kingdom strode side by side toward the grand gold doors of the ballroom, where a squire addressed their names, titles and ranks to the already filling ballroom. The mixing of the colors of gowns and robes and suits blurred in Annabeth's vision, making an odd sort of rainbow before her alert eyes. "I swear some of those Aphrodite women are wearing the same dress." Thalia's eyebrows rose as she glided down to the carpet, dragging Annabeth with her and defiantly meeting the eyes of anyone who turned to look at them. "I'm sure Luke has a couple of those lying on his bedroom floor." Annabeth's cheeks colored and she smacked her friend's upper arm. "Thalia!" They stepped forth to the doors, the squire's loud voice booming as he addressed the