I managed to accidentally delete the title and AN's while fixing a typo! I totally forgot what they orginially said but hello regardless and welcome to ALPNKN! Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson but I do own the plot of this fanfiction. A Little Party Never Killed Nobody 1 Annabeth The news hit them like a brick wall popped up in the middle of highway 95. Of course, it wasn't like the news popped out of nowhere. The students of the exclusive Athens University were told three months prior, at the beginning of summer break by the board of principals themselves but somehow it seemed so outlandish than it was brushed off like dust from a shoulder. But the beginning week of the new school year came has a harsh reality. In simpler terms, it was about to get really interesting at Athens University. The morning was usual. She rolled out of her bed and hit the floor, ready to command the day with an iron fist. Well, only technically. A shower and a comfy pajama change later, Annabeth Chase was up and ready to get everything set up for orientation. She was as ready as ever to shoulder the massive responsibility of practically the foundation of this university and especially after her extremely relaxing summer, she felt as good as ever and definitely ready to take on anything. Twenty-four years old and wise beyond her years, Annabeth Chase was the head of Athens University's student body as well as the leader of the biggest and best sorority in the entire country, Alpha Epithymía(A επιθυμία or Aε). Her plans burst with success, her pledges overwhelmed with support, her fellow 'sisters' beautiful and smart above all and her parties top grade above anything else. She was known throughout the college scene in upper Southampton, New York, where the university nestled beautifully among the richest and wealthiest on the east coast. She wasn't given this achievement easy either. She fought her way to the very top, just like her mother, and prowled her way into Athens University like a champion, creating the most easily desired and, frankly, wild social community ever. Of course she didn't do this entirely alone. With her team of sisters at her side, she made this all possible. From Piper McLean, the daughter of Tristan McLean himself, with her amazing ability of persuasion all the way to the punk rock Thalia Grace with her intensity and sporty talent, her sisters were top of the line. But they were also her very best friends. She fought with these girls, breathed with these girls, laughed and cried and fought and prevailed with these girls. Never taking 'no' for an answer and never, never backing down. Annabeth stretched, raising her hands up above her head and cracking her back as she stood up with her toes. "Aaaa!" she breathed out at the good stretch, her eyes flashing at the calendar tacked to the wall. Freshman orientation , she cracked a calculated grin, here we come. Throwing open the door, she greeted the familiar rush of the sorority house with a happy laugh. Girls raced up and down the wrap-around hall of the second floor, ducking into bedrooms and the two main bathrooms, babbling and laughing and yelling at each other in the morning sunlight as it flooded in from the house's large windows. Hazel Levesque hopped by with her foot in one sock, calling for Piper to bring her back her 'god- darn hairdryer, you MONGREL!' but not before flashing Annabeth a huge grin. The blond laughed happily at the hap-zard hassle of the house, and she was met with many greetings and smiles. Somewhere in the midst, she managed to grab her clipboard out of the laundry room and strode confidently down the grand stairs to the kitchen, where their house mother Mellie flipped pancakes and hummed alone to the newest pop songs on an old fashioned pink radio at the end of the corner. "Annabeth!" Mellie squealed and drifted airily over to her, "Oh you gorgeous girl, how are you feeling?~ Everyone came around 11 last night I had hardly time to say hello to any of you precious girls!" Annabeth smiled. Mellie was too easy-going for the complete package of being head mother. Every step she took seemed flouncy, as if she was floating on little clouds. Annabeth responded with a big hug, "I'm way okay. Excited probably for all this planning to finally get into action." She tapped her clipboard and Mellie clapped her hands. "Oh Annie!" Mellie twirled, her dark hair sprayed out, "You've been doing all this for three years now! I'm sure everything will go so beautifully and smoothly!~" The smile that stretched across Annabeth's face was one of fierceness and blazed with a sense of leadership and control that could intimidate anyone who dared doubt her. "And this will be the biggest yet." She promised, to which Mellie just clapped and went back to cooking. "So excited! The air just buzzes with it!" Mellie cooed to herself as Annabeth turned on her heel into the dining room. She let her fingers gently stroke the walls of the dining room as she entered it. The Greek style grandeur house was large and sparkling white with a grand cream marble foyer and a grand double staircase twisting up to the large open second level littered with doors to all the bedrooms. A golden crystal flower branch garland chandelier swung from the ceiling and peeked through the second floor to the first. The top of the stairs led straight through large French doors to a spacious balcony with twin Greek pillars close to the wall on either side, overlooking the huge yard and pool. A stone walkway stretched around the pool all the way to the covered stone patio with large outside couches and a tile pit for bonfires The center of the foyer on the ground led beyond the stairs to a wall of large French doors leading out to the grassy yard. From the left of the foyer was the large open kitchen complete with a little breakfast nook by a large window near the front of the house, and from the right was the large open dining and living room, cozy with a chimney and large HDTV. It was only ever this spotless whenever the school year started, otherwise the gorgeous house would be covered in clothing and shoes and books. The mess never looked too bad since the house was so huge so Annabeth didn't mind toooo much. Annabeth's fingers trailed to the antique gold bell, a relic from the early 1990's when Alpha Epithymía was founded. It was used to call meetings and as Annabeth glanced at the white watch around her wrist, she pulled the string a couple times, the bell ringing throughout the house. As per the norm, girls trucked down the stairs, laughing and joking as Mellie passed out plates of pancakes as they made their way to the dining room. Orange juice in large beakers were passed around, with glass cups, syrup pitchers and fruit bowls jumping this way and that. At the head of the table, Annabeth was passed a plate full of food to which she gratefully took a few bites. Mellie's cooking was extraordinary. "Alright ladies," Annabeth cleared her throat after they were all satisfied, calling attention as she stood up, flipping through her clipboard, "Welcome back!" The room burst with clapping and hollering, but died down as Annabeth laughed and patted the air. "Today's going to be pretty busy but before announcements let's go through call." "Piper! Silena, Drew, Katie, Hazel, Calypso," Annabeth recited, each girl getting celebratory applause, "and Thalia." Annabeth grinned at them as they all grinned back. It felt so good to be home. "Annabeth damn you look tanner than usual." Thalia joked; her choppy black hair bouncing and Annabeth rolled her eyes. "Well that's what California does to you." She retorted back pleasantly, jutting a hip out and placing her hand on it, "Now hush so I can get these announcements out of the way!" She leaved through the pages and her brows furrowed at a specific highlighted paragraph at the bottom. It seemed Mrs. Dodds in the administration office had specifically wanted to draw Annabeth's attention to that paragraph, but it would have to wait! "So freshman orientation is today! We need a couple volunteers to help toss up our Aε sign while a couple others man the booth out at the opening courtyard outside of the main campus." Several girls groaned and rolled their eyes but Annabeth just smirked. "Don't worry though girls, I have the biggest orientation party yet planned for this Friday so right after today, there will only be four more days until the party to start them all." This was met with cheering and laughter, Silena and Drew already jabbering to Calypso about how she just HAD to wear this Marc Jacobs cocktail dress they found over break. "Wait but it seems our dear Mrs. Dodds," Her name was met with groans and Annabeth suppressed a grin, "has highlighted something important." The moment the words left her lips, Annabeth's eyes turned huge. What…? There was no way. She gripped the cupboard and reread what she had just skimmed. No amount of reading disorder could've distorted the words on the yellow sheet of paper. "Annabeth…?" She heard Thalia prompt, but she sounded so far away. Dear students of Athens University- "D-Dear students of Athens University," Annabeth repeated stonily, "over break, our dear own sponsors and the sponsors of…Rome University have decided on a truly extraordinary deal. In an extremely diplomatic decision, we have graciously invited the fraternity, Psi Omega (ΨΩ), to study amongst you and join you on campus for this lovely year and for many to come." The sentence ended with an exclamation point but there was no excitement in her voice. There hadn't been another sorority, let alone a fraternity, on campus for years. The table was silent. Calypso looked like she was going to be sick, while Piper's eyes were the size of saucers and Thalia's mouth was open wide enough to catch flies. "Oh," Drew breathed in, Hazel finishing softly, "my gods." In a second the table erupted. Thalia was slapping her hand on the table, Drew squealing to high heaven. Katie was helping Calypso clean up the orange juice that flew across the table from Thalia's slapping, while Piper was in hurried whispers with Silena, her hands threading through her hair nervously. "Annabeth!" Hazel huffed above all of them, "there's no way! The only vacant house in the campus is…" The whole table turned to the large bay window that let the sunlight drift into the dining room, staring intently in realization. "…across the street." Hazel finished in a slight whisper. There was a collective suck-in of breath as just at that moment, a large half-limo SUV, gleaming black in the sunlight and followed by a U-Haul, pulled up to the modern, coincidentally Rome-detailed mansion across the road from their own and parked haphazardly on the curb. Annabeth's usual steely eyes widened as the doors to the huge truck were flung open and a pack of boys erupted from the van, muscles gleaming in the sunlight and Dorito bags tossing from boy to boy. Annabeth jumped from around her seat and ran to the front door, a mini stampede following her as the front door was flung open. They were prowling the lawn across the street, a team of movers unloading an array of stuff. One boy seemed to be trying to toss a Red Bull can at another. She could barely breathe, there was no way this was happening. It had to be an illusion or- or something! "Oh my god!" Drew whispered before throwing her hands around Annabeth's shoulders from behind, Silena promptly almost grabbing Thalia and Calypso under each arm as Katie seemed to bounce