Long time no see! Sorry about that, everyone knows how school is. Recently, I've decided to write more for the new year and so, I'm posting a songfic I wrote over winter vacation! It's a Percabeth AU based on the 5 Seconds of Summer song, "English Love Affair"! I think I might write another based on one of their other songs, I'm not fully a fan but I adore two songs in particular, but until then I'm not too sure! Disclaimer: I don't own PJO or 5SOS's song! [EDIT: Edited out song lyrics so I recommend you listen to the song while reading!] English Love Affair . Percy Jackson was in deep trouble. Scrunched over his table, scratching his head in the middle of his library…writing a fucking love song. This was not his style; in fact it was cramping his style. When you're an internationally acclaimed musician at the top of your game, you're off stumped on writing lyrics most of the time. But not Percy Jackson. Hell, he was famous for the fact he could so easily write songs. Of course though, he didn't write love songs. For all his eighteen years, he had never really given girls a second glance. Most of them liked him for his fame and his good looks, which he didn't blame them. At sixteen, he debuted with a platinum-selling album with his friends and took the world by storm. For three years, Jupiter was platinum and young and old went crazy for them. They took their chances with risky rock songs and indie pop ballads and managed to stump every music critic on how none, absolutely none, of the songs were about love, or alternatively, about a girl. Regardless of this, their girl fans were obsessed with them. They were stalked, followed, screamed at and freaked out about in every middle and high school across the country, well, across the world . He started out as a ratty kid in New York City who got kicked out of every school he ever entered, with no dad and a mom working shifts constantly, and with one album and a solid passion for music, Percy made himself the most famous young musician ever. Well, along with his friends. Jason, Leo, and Nico helped him take the world by storm. The fond memories of the four of them getting together and jamming in the early years would never leave Percy. But really, he had to write this song. It was their manager, Luke, who proposed the idea. The next step to making it even bigger was to doing something unexpected, something they never had done before. And that was love in this instance. Percy groaned and rubbed his face, grumbling into his hands and pressing his fingers to his temples. He sat in the middle of the modern library of the fancy, expensive flat that he had bought his mother the second he got his first million dollar paycheck. She was somewhere off with Paul, her boyfriend. Percy was glad she was happy, but really right now he was very glad he was alone. He stood suddenly, gathering up his papers and walked out of the library, into the open concept flat with its floor to ceiling windows. Percy, only wear blue plaid boxers, didn't shy from the obvious exposure. He was up fifty floors above the paparazzi outside the expensive apartment complex, and unless they bought a helicopter there was no way they'd be able to click a photo. Stretching, he grabbed an energy drink and padded into his music room. It was completely soundproof, and each of his twenty guitars gleamed as if greeting him. A spare drum set sat in the corner so when Leo came over, he wouldn't have to lug his own around and a couple of bass guitars hung on the walls for Nico. Jason kept his own guitars at his place, because he had some kind of trust issues after Percy smashed one of his favorites at a show in Berlin (also Percy was pretty sure Jason slept with them). He propped the pages on a spare music stand and hefted up one of his limited edition navy Fenders, slipping the strap over his head and letting the cold clean back of the guitar press against his bare abs. When you're a rock star, you don't let yourself go. But it wasn't really time to ogle his own abs or anything (that he worked damn hard to get, just in case you're wondering); he was thoroughly stumped on what to do with this song. He tried a few chords, grimacing when all he came up with was a low bass line. At least it was something, right? He blew out of his nose, his messy hair ruffling. Luke was going to be pissed when he finds out Percy put off this so long and still couldn't find anything, and there was no way – no way – Percy was going to resort to buying some lyricist's sappy shit. Percy sighed, pulled the guitar off of him and slid it back into its spot on the holding rack. Frustrated, he balled up his fist and slammed it against the light wood wall. "Fuuuuck." He groaned and flopped against the wall, sliding down into a crouch. He was silent for a few more minutes as he propped his arms out, drooping his head in between them. His mother would always talk to him when he was younger, about historical artists and musicians. Dozens of school trips to art and music museums had left him with high regard for the brilliant minds before him and it took him a while to realize that music had really never changed through the centuries at all. It was still the same man-made creativity that brought beautiful sound to humans' ears, and whatever inspired that Percy needed and he needed it right now. Mind set, he stood and went straight for his phone. He was in need of some serious inspiration. (...) There are a lot of things that can do wrong when you're eighteen years old. Of course, none of those things had happened to Annabeth yet. She ran through puberty as smoothly as you can for being an American teenager sent off to live in London at an all girls' boarding school. She was from Virginia originally and bounced from California to New York, where she really belonged in her opinion, but her parents divorced when she was ten and her famous architect mother was far too busy to take care of her and far too stubborn to let her father take her. So at eleven years old she was sent to St. Hera's Institute for Exceptional Women and thus began her seven-year reign in the school that refused to let her go. Along the way, she made friends, a lot of them actually. Other Americans went there too, in fact Piper McLean, the teenage daughter of that one famous actor she could never really remember the name of, and Thalia Grace, the famous punk sister of one of the band members of Jupiter. The girls at St. Hera's couldn't really make much time to watch any of their shows (St. Hera's was practically medieval, there were no TVs) but every iPod carried by the girls was guaranteed to have at least a couple of their songs. After living her fair share of fame however, Annabeth couldn't be bothered with how famous her friends' relatives were. But now Annabeth was well into her final year at St. Hera's. She might've been wildly respected by the younger girls and probably one of the most popular girls in her year, but she was also widely infamous due to her, well, intense tactics when it came to making St. Hera's lacrosse team the best in the county. She had been captain since her third year and regarded as the 'crazy American' by other private schools girls' lacrosse teams, but it couldn't be helped. She was simply far too good. It was just the beginning of second term and she had just gotten back from a lonely spring break trip to Paris, France, where she had been dragged by her mother then dropped in the hotel room for days at a time, when news broke out. As she stepped from the shining Mercedes down to the familiar cobblestone courtyard of the campus just outside of London, there was an ecstatic buzz in the air as girls rushed left and right and greeted their friends with high pitched squeals of various accented voices. Her mother's driver bid his farewell, plopped her trunk next to her and sped off, probably to pick up said mother from Heathrow or maybe an important meeting somewhere in the financial district. But Annabeth paid no mind, she can gotten over the whole 'too busy, can't see you' attitude her mother always brought up as a defense mechanism to never see the daughter she had with the man she now hated. Flipping her golden curls over her shoulder, which were messy from running her fingers through them because of the architecture study pack assigned, she easily picked up her trunk with one hand and walked upward to the main doors. Girls greeted her left and right and she made sure to say hello to everyone, grinning a bit. It was when she reached the front steps when Piper popped up. She had gotten prettier over spring break and her hair was a lighter shade of brown from the sun, shaggier than Annabeth remembered and this time with a pretty Peregrine Falcon feather. "Annabeth!" Piper grinned and grabbed her friend up in a hug. It was sweet sound to hear her friend's American accent in a sea of British ones and Annabeth grinned into Piper's uniformed shoulder. "Hi! How was California? Nice tan." Annabeth laughed as she pulled back. Piper rolled her eyes at her and they walked up through the main hall together. "Oh my god, be quiet. You're like the epitome of a California girl. Blond hair, tan skin, brilliant smile and if your eyes were blue, you'd be a package." Annabeth snorted, "Well sorry my eyes are gray then." And they laughed together as they went down the South wing to the girls' dorms. Annabeth glanced around at the dark oak architecture she'd come to love, eager and slightly sad for the last term before she'd have to leave this place. St. Hera's was all she'd ever known, but it was all she'd ever loved, with all her friends here and every ounce of perfect education she'd come to appreciate. Where else would she study other than St. Hera's large library and where else would she kick major ass out of every challenger in sight other than St. Hera's grassy fields? "My dad and I had dinner once the whole week," Piper grimaced, "But at least we ate at Mel's." Her fingers twisted the feather in her hair and Annabeth gave her a sympathetic smile. She'd been there and she knew Piper would appreciate no comment, just support. They approached the door of Room 7 in a flash and Piper threw it open, not to the regular tidy room that Annabeth was expecting at the start of each term and instead to a nuclear war zone. Thalia Grace's dark clothes were thrown all over the room, covering the two beds, hanging off the brown wardrobe and dresser and all over the light blue carpet. "What the fuck!" raged Thalia, her hands thrown up and her short black hair more messy and spikey than usual. Annabeth's eyebrows went up and she stepped into the room first. "Did your trunk explode? What happened?" She hooked one of Thalia's electric yellow panties with her foot and kicked it the girl's way, trying not to step on a rolling tampon. Annabeth dumped her trunk on the last bed on the left after clearing Thalia's clothes off.