Ah, yes, our dearMerry and Pippin. Were they indeed a necessity to the Fellowship and Middle Earth or are they just an extra burden, spare luggage? Well, let's find out. This is what might happen if the two hobbits never existed. The story begins right after Gandalf left Frodo and Sam to their quest. This follows the movie, by the way, but with my own words and with some references to the book. Much simpler, I think. (Though that can be bad in some ways…) Disclaimer: I own nothing! This will all be Tolkien's! Not mine! This is the first and last time I will say this! XXXXX Chapter 1- Evil Seeks You Frodo swallowed hard as he watched his old friend, Gandalf the Grey, gallop off into the forest and disappear in a matter of seconds. Once the wizard was but a speck in the trees, he turned to his faithful friend, Sam, with a small frown. Sam sighed heavily and shifted his weight onto one leg, waiting for the other hobbit to begin. With another glance in the direction of the Istar, Frodo sighed and took the first few steps on his journey to Rivendell. A small golden ring had been given to the young hobbit by his uncle along with all of his other possessions, including Bag End. Little did they know, this ring held within it a power that could destroy all of Middle Earth and enslave all free peoples if it were to fall in the wrong hands. Gandalf had come to the conclusion tha hould be taken to Imladris, the elven haven founded by Lord Elrond, where it would be kept safe for a time until it was decided what would be its fate. He had given this task to Frodo Baggins and Samwise Gamgee while he traveled to Isengard to seek council with Saruman the White, head of the Istari order. He would meet the two hobbits at Bree afterwards, then continue on to Rivendell. The two hobbits crossed over hills and plains, through forests and streams. Packs were strapped upon their backs, carrying all of the supplies they thought they might need on the road. A corn field appeared in front of them and Sam stopped suddenly, catching the other hobbit's attention. "Sam, what is it?" Frodo asked with a chuckle. "I am sorry, Mister Frodo, but I do not think I can continue. You see, I've never been so far from home." The sandy haired hobbit replied with a frown. "Come, we must take the Ring to Rivendell. We cannot let Gandalf down." He took a few steps forward, motioning for Sam to follow, "Come on!" The hobbit sighed shakily and took a small step, then another, until he was beside his friend and Frodo smiled. Without another word, the two continued into the corn field, speaking rapidly about their fantasies of Rivendell and the elves that inhabited it. The corn fields of Farmer Maggot seemed to stretch on forever like a yellow meadow in the fall with its crisp wind blowing in through its grains. The occasional field mouse would scurry across the dirt path and a crow would cackle as it soared above them. Sam looked up at the crow with a suspicious look but the bird only took off with a caw. The two hobbits passed unhindered through the fields. Secretly, Frodo worried that the old Farmer's dogs would come after him again like they did so long ago. When the stalks of corn began to shrink, the young hobbit sighed in relief and smiled, thankful that his reason for fretting did not come to pass. He looked back to his companion and laughed. Sam looked up from a small mouse that he carried in his hand with a shy smile. "I am sorry, Mr. Frodo, but I could not help myself." He said quietly as he bent down to put the creature back on the ground. The small animal squeaked softly as it sniffed the ground, then scurried off into the rows of corn. Frodo continued to chuckle and they continued on. IOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOI It was nightfall before the two hobbits stopped. Sam immediately dropped his pack and set about gathering dry sticks and leaves. Frodo watched him work with a small smile and he leisurely pulled his pipe out of his pack. The other hobbit continued to work quickly. "You may take a break before starting supper, Sam." Frodo said, chuckling slightly and Sam looked up from his work. "I know but I'd sure like to get something in my stomach and soon, Mr. Frodo, if you understand." The dark haired hobbit nodded with a smile. Soon, a small fire was licking at the sticks and the companions were seated next to each other, smoking contentedly on their pipes. The sweet smell of sausages wafted up into their noses and the smiled, imagining the savory taste that would engulf their taste buds in only a few moments. The sun disappeared into the west quickly. Darkness crept into the land and the sounds of the insects surrounded them. They lay down their blankets and cast themselves upon them, weary from the day's travel. Frodo lay on his back with his arms under his head, staring up at the stars. He wondered how many there were and if it were possible to reach them. He smiled as he imagined himself dancing effortlessly along in their bright majesty, twinkling as his wooly toes touched them gently. But his hobbit sense suddenly took over and he shook his head, clearing those thoughts away. Dreaming of walking amongst the stars! What a preposterous notion. With that, he rolled over onto his side and fell into a deep sleep. IOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOI "Where to next, Mr. Frodo?" Sam asked as he hoisted his pack onto his back. Frodo tore his eyes away from his home in the distance and smiled at the hobbit. "Gandalf says to meet him at the Prancing Pony in Bree." He replied, "I believe the fastest route would be to go over the Brandywine and follow The Greenway directly to Bree. Hopefully, Gandalf will be waiting for us with a large pint of ale for the both of us." The other hobbit smiled at the idea and nodded. "We best be off then so old Mr. Gandalf doesn't get impatient waiting for us." He said and they started off, leaving all that they had known behind with no idea of when they would return. Before they knew it, they could hear the rushing of the large river ahead of them. With big smiles, they quickened their pace and soon arrived at the ferry. An old hobbit sat there, slumped over in his chair. Frodo and Sam exchanged amused glances and the dark haired hobbit strode over to the elderly hobbit. He tapped him on the shoulder and he jolted, blinking his eyes rapidly. The hobbit squinted as he gazed upon the companions and raised his hand above his eyes. "Eh, you want a ride?" He asked in a raspy voice and Frodo nodded. "Yes, please, if you don't mind." The old hobbit stretched with a groan and stood up. "Well, best get a move on then. Come on! Hurry up! Get your things together." Sam hurriedly hobbled onto the raft, glancing from side to side warily. He dropped his pack and cried out when he nearly fell off the raft. Frodo laughed mirthfully and stood beside him. The other hobbit unraveled the raft with shaky hands and pushed off into the swift moving current. "Where you be off to?" He asked after a while and the shore was barely in sight on the other side. "Bree, sir." Frodo answered. "Bree, eh? What business do you have there?" He questioned, "Nothing there for us Shire-folk. Only there for the odd hobbits and the long-shanks." "We are meeting a friend there. Gandalf. Have you heard of him?" "Ai, Gandalf!" The old hobbit cried, "You best not be messing in the affairs of wizards, my lad! They cause nothing but trouble. Haven't you heard of old Bilbo Baggins and how he ran off with a mess of dwarves, then came back with heaps of treasure? Not natural, no indeed, not natural at all!" "Bilbo is my uncle." Frodo commented and the hobbit gasped. "Then that would make you Frodo!" He exclaimed, slapping his forehead, "Ai, I never would have recognized you! Last time I saw you, you were just getting into your tweens!" The dark haired hobbit smiled. "Oi, Mr. Frodo, what is that over there?" Sam said suddenly, pointing in the direction they had come. The other two hobbits looked back quickly. The old one squinted again but Frodo's heart constricted in his chest. On the back was a black rider on a mighty black steed. His cloak concealed his face- or he did not have a face at all. Spiked gauntlets and greaves were the only armor he wore but Frodo had a dreadful sense that a full set was not necessary for the rider. The horse reared suddenly with a great whinny and the black rider disappeared into the trees. "What the blazes was that?" The old hobbit gasped as he trembled from fright though he did not know why. Suddenly, Frodo slumped down and his eyes rolled back into his head. Sam called his name and rushed towards him, leaning him against his shoulder. The old hobbit watched on worriedly. "Mr. Frodo, it is gone now! Wake up!" Sam called, shaking his friend. The dark haired hobbit's hand meandered its way up to his neck and he pulled out a thin, gold chain. A ring was attached to the end and a great evil emanated from it. Sam's eyes widened, "No, Mr. Frodo!" And he took hold of his hand, keeping it away from the Ring. A few moments later, Frodo inhaled sharply and he gazed around at the two hobbits with wide eyes. Sam stepped back and the young hobbit sat up, rubbing his head. "Are you alright, lad?" The old hobbit asked softly and Frodo nodded. "Yes, I think so." They said no more. It did not take them long to reach the far shore. The companions gathered their belongings together and headed away from the elderly hobbit. They waved to him as they departed and Frodo noticed that he gazed back at the opposite shore with apprehensive eyes as if he was reluctant to return there. Frodo did not blame him. IOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOI Darkness crept back over the world but the hobbits did not stop. Images of the black rider remained in their mind and they feared to stay in one place. No words were passed between them as they walked in single file. Their only wish was to come to Bree as soon as possible. About an hour later, they saw the dim lights of a town in the distance. Their heavy ponderings seemed to lift off their shoulders and they increased their pace. Rain began to fall heavily on their heads, matting their curly hair. The water saturated the ground quickly and the mud squelched between their toes and dirtied their trousers. They pulled their cloaks tightly around their shoulders and pulled their hoods up. The lights flickered as they approached a large wooden gate and they exchanged weary glances. "Is this Bree?" Sam questioned. "I believe so." He replied and they stopped at the doors, looking up a great height. The dark haired hobbit knocked loudly on the doors and an old man stuck his head out. His stringy gray hair stuck to his wet face and his weary gray eyes studied them sternly. His thin lips turned down into a frown. "What business have you here in Bree? It is not everyday that two young hobbits come a' knocking at these old gates. The rain falls heavily this night. Speak quickly!" He questioned. Frodo and Sam exchanged glances. His voice seemed unfriendly and they