So I received a few 'wedding night/first time' prompts on my Odesta blog and decided I enjoyed it so much, that I'd post this one shot here. All my smut sounds the same because I'm a lousy lemon writer but please review and let me know what you think! "Still with me?" Finnick asked as they walked down one of the many corridors to their new room. Annie was on his back with her feet hooked across his stomach and her arms wrapped around his neck. On the precious occasion that he was in Four, he would often piggyback her around the house. It was the only way he got anything done but he hardly minded. He was so used to having her there it was no different to wearing a backpack. She was so little and light after all. Her head moved slightly from where it was buried in his shoulder. "I'm still awake." Of course she was. He was crazy to think differently. A few days ago, she had sat him down face to face and made a proposition about their wedding night. Finnick laughed at her professionalism and she slapped his wandering hands away and demanded he be serious. She meant business. "This is your stop," he told her as they reached their number compartment. She pressed a gentle kiss to his neck like she always did before disentangling herself and he helped her down with well-practiced ease. Their room was small but had a bed large enough for the both of them and their own bathroom. He was suddenly hit with the realisation of what was going to happen tonight and instead of his usual wishful daydreaming and suppressed fantasies, a flutter of panic rippled through his body that he hadn't felt before. Especially regarding this. He had bedded more people than he dared to count yet he was suddenly terrified at the very thought. It seemed silly. He had wanted this - her - for such a long time. Maybe it was because it was so different. This was Annie. It occurred to his for the first time that he was going to hurt her and it was going to be unavoidable no matter how gentle and patient and careful he was. Finnick looked over at his gentle bride who was playing with the skirt of her beautiful dress in the corner, humming the song that they had danced to. She caught his stare and smiled breathtakingly at him. "Are you going to come in, Finn?" He realised he had been standing in the doorway like an idiot and stepped inside and shut the door behind him but didn't move any closer to her. Even though Finnick needed her more than he had ever needed her before, he decided it was safer for him to stand next to the door and let her wrap her head around what was about to happen and give her a chance to think about if this is what she really wanted. Annie put one hand across her stomach and the other fiddled with her necklace as she looked around the room. What are you thinking? Finnick desperately wished to know. "It's warm, isn't it?" she answered as if she were able to hear his thoughts and Finnick couldn't help but smile at her. "I think it's just the dancing." "Oh," she stammered twisting her fingers together and then rubbing her hands down her arms. She was nervous. She was adorable. Finnick noticed that she must've been warm despite the constant cold air that circulated underground as a drop of sweat had formed on the nape of her neck where her hair was starting to fall apart under her veil. He stepped forward against his will and wiped the bead of moisture away before wrapping his arms around her waist and placing a kiss to the side of her neck. Her eyes drifted closed and her heart began to accelerate. "Are you okay?" he asked mistaking her reaction for fear. "Yeah," she answered trying to be casual but her voice shook a little and she knew that he would notice. "I'm just a bit nervous." "You don't need to be." "I just…what if I'm bad at this…or I do something wrong?" she admitted her worries out loud and determinedly stared at a spot on the floor. For the first time in her life, she cursed her lack of experience and felt her shoulders slump. Finnick mistook her nervousness. She wasn't nervous because it was her first time. She loved Finnick with all of her heart and nothing would feel more right to her. She was nervous because Finnick had suffered years of sexual abuse in the Capitol and after all of that she just wanted everything to be perfect for him but she knew she would stuff it up somehow. "You won't be," he told her. "You'll be perfect." He pressed a small kiss to her ear and his voice turned serious. "Annie. If you're too nervous…I don't want you to do this if you're having any doubts. I'd wait till the end of time for you." She spun around in his arms and he had to suppress a moan at how perfectly her body fit against his own. "Can I have a minute, Finn?" she asked and he let her go immediately. Annie went into the small adjourning bathroom and splashed some water on her face to cool herself down and take a few moments to collect herself. Unfortunately since she hadn't worn any since her Victory Tour, she forgot about the little amount of make-up someone had put on her for the ceremony and she nearly died when she looked in the mirror and saw a streaky mismatched mess staring back at her. Annie swore under her breath and scrubbed at her face with a cloth hanging over the faucet until most of the offending cosmetics had been removed. She brushed her teeth twice and turned her attention to her hair. She unpinned the beautiful veil. The elegant hairstyle Effie had done was unbecoming and there were tendrils and curls trying to burst out in rebellion all over the place. She ran her fingers through the auburn locks and tried to smooth it all down but gave up and ended tying it back. Her heart was racing and she focused on her reflection in the mirror to try and get a hold of herself. Although she was nervous, it was outweighed by her excitement and the butterflies in her stomach felt more like fireworks at this stage. She examined her body up and down to see if there was anything she could do to fix herself up with what she had. She knew if she spent any more time fussing over herself, Finnick would start getting worried. She composed herself and smoothed out her dress before walking out to meet him again. Finnick was lying on the bed, still fully dressed but his vest was unbuttoned and his shoes were off. He was propped up by one hand and was flicking through a book from the small shelf next to the bed and smiled up at her to acknowledge her and went back to reading. It's was their wedding night and he was going to read a book?! He pulled another off the shelf, bored with the first, and started skimming it. Annie cleared her throat and twisted her fingers together. "I'm done." "Okay, my love," he smiled at her and went back to browsing through the pages. She stood there awkwardly for a few moments longer, waiting for him to get on with it, but he closed the book, put it back on the shelf and selected another. Annie felt nerves and frustration well up inside her and her little hands balled into fists at her sides. "FINNICK ODAIR-!" He chuckled slightly and Annie steeled herself for some kind of Finnickesque joke. She was fighting back the urge to shove him in the chest for purposely dragging this out for her and wondered where he got the nerve and unmitigated gall to play games with her now but she was taken aback when he stood up from the bed and his eyes were all but burning with desire. She crossed her arms huffily. "Oh, darling," Finnick laughed again pulling her against him and peppered her face with tiny kisses until he felt her annoyance dissolve. He reached up to her hair and pulled out the hair tie, deciding he wanted her hair down and reveled in the feeling of her soft curls falling across his hand and down her back. He tucked the disobedient tendrils behind her ears to gain him better access to her face which he kissed thoroughly and passionately until her heart was all but racing against his chest. His kisses became deeper and more forceful and he pulled her even tighter against him as his hands gripped harshly at the fabric on her back. Annie briefly wondered whether Effie would be capable of sewing the buttons back on Finnick's borrowed shirt as she hadn't had the patience to deal with them in the customary way of pulling them through the holes and instead opted for the ripping them all off at once and not giving a damn where they landed approach. Effie would probably string her up by her toes for such disrespect for clothing but it wouldn't be nearly as bad as Annie showing her the long tear down the back of her lovely dress. Apparently, Finnick hadn't had much patience for buttons or zippers either and removed his pants for good measure. She felt him gradually push her backwards towards the bed however her legs were bound by her dress that was tangled around her ankles in a puddle causing her to topple backwards. Grace evaded her as she fell to the floor on her butt while Finnick landed harshly on his elbows trying to catch her in time. Annie felt her face burn red at the mental image of how ungraceful, unsexy and positively ridiculous she looked and Finnick leaned in to kiss her forehead to console her adorable but grumpy expression however he couldn't help but laugh against her lips. Annie felt mortified but at the sound of his lovely laugh which she had heard more today than on any other occasion she couldn't help but smile against her will and put her fist to her forehead and close her eyes. Finnick gently picked her up so she couldn't maim either of them on the way to their destination. Incredibly conscious of her body language, he noted that she seemed to have relaxed a little as he lowered her onto the bed in nothing but their underwear. He entwined his fingers with hers and lifted them above her head and briefly battled internally whether he wanted to start with her lips and work his way down or start with her toes and work his way up. It thrilled him to his core that he had all night – well, the rest of his life really – to explore the wonderland that was her lovely body. He brushed her long unruly hair back off of her face and neck, spreading it like a fan over the pillows and kissed her. She tasted sweetly of apple cider and wedding cake and peppermint toothpaste and the taste of her lips and mouth was so intoxicating that he spent a while gently tracing their plump shape, exploring her mouth and sucking delicately at her lips with deliberate drawn out slowness until he paused to let her catch her breath. She was gasping in short panting breathes through lips that looked slightly swollen and he cursed himself and frantically tried to recall if he had been too forceful against her mouth. It seemed Annie was kind enough to answer for him and pulled him against her again. They tangled in his hair and pulled