Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns Twilight. I own nothing. Desire and Deception ~OOO~ My hands clawed away at the armchair as I sat waiting impatiently for him to arrive. He was late on purpose. He knew what he did to me and he enjoyed every second of it. We only saw each other twice a year, then I would go back to my life in New York and he would go back to his in Chicago. "A clean break," as he'd once put it. But Seattle was and had always been where we spent our time together. Once Edward and I got into this city, we weren't tied to anyone but each other. It was the only time we truly let go enough to be ourselves. We could be selfish and take what we wanted, when we wanted it. Esme eyed me warily from her chair across the sitting room. "Anxious, honey?" "You have no idea," I muttered under my breath. "I just haven't seen my step-brother in months. You know how close we are." Closer than you think... "That boy of mine, he's not usually late," she replied, smoothing over her perfectly placed auburn hair. God forbid one hair should be out of place or her house be in anything less than immaculate condition. I snorted at it all; how fake the world I lived in was. Yet, I guess I was no better. "I'm sure he just got held up in traffic," Charlie interjected, taking his eyes off the television screen for a moment to address us before casting them back on the game. That was the first time my Father had looked at me since I'd arrived three hours ago. For us, that was good. Normally he refused to make eye contact. I had no idea why he blamed me. It wasn't my fault my mother, Renee, was fucking a baseball player when she was married to Charlie. My phone buzzed beside me and I knew before I answered it that it was from him. Be wet and ready for me by the time I get there. I'm hard just thinking about you. xxx – Brother dearest. I bit my lip and squeezed my thighs together. I was already worked up before the text, now it was like I would implode if he didn't get his sexy ass down here soon. The moment I saw him, my pussy was going to work his cock like a pogo stick until the springs broke off. "Bella honey, are you sure you're okay? You look flustered," Esme asked yet again and I worked to calm myself down. "Yeah, I'm fine. It's just a little hot in here," I replied. She ran to open a window, always so eager to please, and in the meantime my eyes swept the room. It seemed every time I came back here Esme had redecorated and it'd only been three years since she'd married my father, Charlie. This year the house was minimalistic and modern, everything painted in silvers, whites and blacks. It was sleek yet elegant; I liked it for a change. I heard the door open in the front of the house and it snapped me from my thoughts. A smirk slid onto my face. Show time.. . "That's him," Esme squealed and ran down the hall to greet her son. Charlie followed after. I heard her talking to himexcitedly, I could pick out his velvety voice anywhere, and Charlie grumbled a greeting before returning to the TV. But I took my sweet time going to him. Why should he have the pleasure of my company straight away when he made me wait? I pulled my black dress down as I stood. It was short, about thigh length, had long sleeves and clung to all the right parts of my body. Teamed with smoky make-up and blood red heels, I knew I would drive him insane. That was my goal after all... It was the silly game of torture that we'd played for three years. Don't get me wrong, it's not torture as in whips and chains...more of a squirm and writhe for me before I give you what you need kind of torture. I sauntered slowly down the hall, my nails skimming the walls as I went. He came into view as I rounded the corner and my breathing hitched. He looked sexy as hell in his designer dark blue pinstriped suit and red tie. His hair was as crazy as ever, bronze pieces sticking out in a million different directions. It was something that could only be described as sex-hair. "Is Bella here yet?" he asked Esme. His voice alone oozed sex appeal. "Yes, I was actually on time. Unlike some people," I teased, looking indifferent. His eyes darkened when he spotted me and they seemed to roam my body before a crooked grin spread on his face. "You know me; always last to come." His voice dripped with innuendo. Esme was none the wiser to our little exchange. "Okay, I'm glad you're here, honey. I'll let you two catch up while I tell Gloria to start dinner." She left but we stayed in the same position, eyeing each other. Carefully thinking of our next move like two players would in a game of chess. "Hello, Edward." "Hello, Bella." Edward greeted, crooked grin out in full force. "Might I say, you look...edible." "James seemed to like it," I taunted and his emerald eyes darkened, turning cloudy as jealousy raged through him, though his smug smile stayed in place. Edward sauntered over slowly, circling me as he broke the silence, though I could hear him making an effort to control the tone of his voice. "Is that so? How is your husband?" He stopped when he came behind me. His lips skimmed my ear and his hands circling my waist, pulling me to him. "James is great. How's your wife, Edward?" "Boring," he breathed, this time his teeth taking my earlobe between them as he sucked and nipped at it. I could feel him growing hard against my hip. "I thought Charlotte was perfect." Of course Charlotte Cullen was perfect. She was the ultimate trophy wife and arm candy with her enchanting blue eyes, blonde hair that was always perfectly done and her house always spic and span. Nothing like me with my brown hair and eyes, with house keepers to do my cleaning. I sucked as a wife; to James I was simply for show. But to Edward, I was something he desired. His lips left my ear so they could ravage my neck, and his hands began to climb higher from my waist up to my ribcage. My breathing became erratic. This was dangerous; we were in the middle of the hallway. Charlie or Esme could walk in at any time and catch us. But I had waited months for him. Months for us to have our time together before we went back to our drab lives. What was a few minutes of surrender? "No, she's still perfect. But predictable." His hands reached my breasts, kneading them as he rubbed himself against me, desperate for the friction. I could feel my nipples peaking, as desperate for attention as my core was. "Not like you." "Perfection is so overrated," I stated. He placed another open mouthed kiss under my ear causing me to shiver. "I want you," he growled and thrust against my ass. Jesus Christ, that's big.. . I bit my lip to stop the cry threatening to slip out of my mouth at the feel of him. I turned, taking his lush lips and exploring them with mine, my hands tangling in his defiant strands as I pulled him even closer to me, wanting desperately for nothing to separate us. My hand slithered down, cupping the large bulge in his suit trousers and messaging it while he groaned into my mouth. I could easily do this until he reached climax. But that wasn't how the game worked. "Well," I answered, removing my hand and stepping away from him with a smug smile. "You should have gotten here earlier. Now I'm hungry from all that waiting. See you at dinner, Ed." I skipped down the hall only stopping to glance quickly at his shocked expression and his hungry eyes. "And you might want to wash up before dinner; you're looking a bit flustered." -D~B~D~C- Dinner wasn't a big affair. Gloria, the live in housekeeper, went overboard cooking enough food to feed an army while Esme, Dad, Edward and I sat and engaged in small talk. Tomorrow night was the big night for my family; the annual banquet that the good people of Seattle threw for my Father. Their police commissioner and guest of honor. I had been forced to go to this thing my whole life, but when Edward came into the picture, it brightened my outlook significantly; especially when he learned not to bring Charlotte. See this banquet and our parent's anniversary dinner was the only time we came without our "other halves. " It was after the first time Edward and I succumbed to our desire and fucked on the hood of his shiny Aston Martin, that we realized we needed this time to be free and couldn't do that with our spouses here. So we called it "family time" in front of the unsuspecting and left them behind. We needed each other in any amount we could have. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't love or anything.. .it wasn't allowed to be ... This had to be about plain old lust and desire working with us instead of against us. I was picking at my vegetables when I felt a warm hand on my thigh. I knew what was going through his mind and glared at Edward, warning him with my eyes not to do what I knew he wanted to. My Father and his Mother were sitting across from us for God sake... "So Bella, how's work?" Charlie asked from across the table. I doubt he was interested, he was just trying to make conversation thanks to the stern look in Esme's eyes. Edward's warm hand slid higher until it was placed on the inside of my thigh, his thumb drawing small circles so close to where I wanted him most. I had no idea how he could affect me so much. If it were anyone else, I'd shove my foot where the sun doesn't shine for thinking they could even try that with me... but with him, it just felt so... naughty. "It's...erm...good," I choked out and tried to concentrate on our parents in front of us, instead of Edward's roaming hand. It was easier said than done. My panties began to saturate and my teeth bit into my bottom lip. "How good, Bella?" Edward asked, his expression amused. His fingers skimmed over the soaking wet fabric between my legs and I held in a whimper. We weren't talking about work anymore... I tried to shake it off. I turned to him and narrowed my eyes, trying not to let him see the effect he had on me. "I've had better, Edward." He laughed softly through his nose. "Really?" He pressed the palm of his hand down on my cotton clad pussy and I bucked into it instinctively. He smiled at my pathetic excuse of self-control, though I continued on with the charade. "Yeah, really." His eyes narrowed and his lips pursed before he went in for the kill, moving my underwear out of the way abruptly so he could rub along my wet slit with his long fingers. I gasped and my eyes darted to Charlie and Esme who had apparently abandoned conversation with Edward and me long ago to converse with each other. I was glad they didn't suspect anything but I still gave Edward a look that pleaded with him to stop before I lost control of myself and was driven mad with