(A/N): Okay, so this is a completely different plot for me, because I've never written creature-ish Bella before, so I hope it's acceptable. Unlike Black Sun , the swearing and debauchery will be kept to a minimum. This is a three shot, chapter two will be uploaded sometime this week. Finally, I know a little bit about cars, I have four brothers who are obsessed with Ferrari's and anything fast, so foreknowledge is available to me. (Full Summary): Illegally racing cars, Bella Swan has become something of an enigma in the three years since she left Forks. Returning for her father's wedding, she's distressed by the changes that are overtaking her body. She's losing height and nature is freakishly attracted to her. Seriously, it keeps molesting her. It doesn't help that Paul keeps trying to get her naked. He's excessively dominant, and his massively increased size is a major turn on for virgin Bella. The fact that he's been experiencing similar, body altering, changes is another problem. AU, OOC, Creature!Bella, Dominant!Paul, sexual situations-starting chapter two, and slight femslash. (Disclaimer): I do not own Twilight or its characters, Stephenie Meyer does. I do, however, own Vice of Weeds , and any OCs I create. B ella took a harsh breath, her right hand gripped the gear stick roughly as she shifted up, her left foot pushing the clutch before flooring the gas when the car's engine made the reverberating hum of acknowledgement she was waiting for. She pulled her vehicle up tight against a sky-blue Porsche Cayman, the God awful car fully equipped; the driver had pumped so much cash into it Bella was surprised the vehicle had been entered in the run. Her auburn hair was wild, tendrils curling loose around her heart shaped face; plump rose-tinted lips were widened in a gorgeous grin, and whiskey colored eyes gleamed bright in the lights of the other competitors' cars. Waking up that morning, she hadn't planned on entering the run, then again, fifty thousand was something she could not ignore, and her driving skills made winning very easy. "Blind side," Mav, Bella's second, growled through her headset, a mixture of laughter and knowing toning his voice. "You're such a cheap bitch; that's a fucking destructor on the scale of street race etiquette." Bella laughed, turning her head to lock eyes with the driver she was overtaking, but the person was hidden by near black tinted windows as she flew past. Dropping gears, she pulled the emergency brake on a turn, her body pushing tight against the door, tires sounding out harsh womp, womp, womp tones on the concrete below. "Can I just say, this is illegal? So, etiquette is pointless." Bella smirked, as her Nissan GT-R leveled out, her left foot punched the clutch and her right hand shifted the gear stick up, the building engine pressure signaling the allowance of increased speed. She was packed in tight between a trashed Toyota Supra MK4 and a blood red BMW M3; they blocked her on both sides, and the shitty Mazda in front of her wasn't helping her win. Pushing out an aggravated breath, she dropped back slightly, falling behind the Porsche again, before wrenching the wheel to the left, sending her car into oncoming traffic. The road was a straightaway, and her reflexes pushed the GT-R hard; she bobbed and weaved, barely sliding past a delivery truck whose horn blared out an angry scream. Shifting gears and picking up speed even more, she unleashed her car on the other drivers, fitting the Nissan into a small gap in front of the BMW and the Toyota, before hitting the accelerator again, burning up past one-forty. "Jesus, Bella! What the fuck were you thinking?" Mav's voice came in angry and hard, growling out a dark timbre that filled her head. Not answering, she overtook another car, then another, and finally Bella was pushing for first, competing with a beefed up Ford Shelby; the GT500 had coasted on solo for the last twenty minutes of the race, and the driver was overconfident which allowed for an easy win. "We're going to have words, Swan. That was un-fucking-acceptable." Mav cut into her victory bubble; Bella's tires squealed as she pushed hard on the brakes, backing down from a speed that would have given Charlie a coronary. The other drivers slid to break, their tires leaving thick black marks on the concrete below. Stepping out, the muggy Phoenix weather ate away at her already wild hair, whipping strands around Bella's face. The crowd was roaring, camera flashes pulsing from cellphones, and her heart thumped wildly in excitement. She pulled off her headset and tossed it towards the passenger seat, wincing as it cracked against the door frame. Smooth , she thought, but what was expensive equipment that wasn't durable? She kept that thought to herself, as Mav's pissed face floated through the surrounding crowd, but a gentle smile sent his way had the man calming, a resigned frown covering his strong lips. When one of the race valets pulled the keys from Bella's hand and took her Nissan to go park, she was surrounded once again. She accepted congratulations from the other drivers who handed it out, words of thanks falling from her mouth, and a blush covering her pale skin from neck up. The winning pot was passed around, payouts filling it to bursting, the rest would be wired to her bank account, before it was handed to Bella. The rough texture of the bag was slippery in her fingers, nearly falling to the ground when she finally had a hold of her winnings. In the three years since she'd left Forks, Bella had completely changed, but her klutziness would always remain the same. "Bell, you good?" Mav asked, finally reaching her through the throng of people, his hands grasping harshly at her hips, pulling her flush against his large—six-foot seven-inch, hulking frame. He was the brother she never had, so protective of her ever increasingly small figure that she sometimes feared for his own safety. His boyfriend, Bella's best friend, Eric, was her fashion guide and free lighting psychiatrist. When they first met - Eric and Bella - she had been so broken. Destroyed after Edward's cruel departure and nearly torn to shreds after Jacob's breaking of their friendship; Bella had hardly been able to function. Everything she had known was tossed in her face, and the bridges she had begun to build crumbled to ash and bones. Eric had been so kind and heartwarming, the child of Phil's close friend, he had helped Bella to rebuild the fortress inside of herself, the walls thicker, defenses stronger, and ultimately she had flourished. He had tossed out her frumpy —"Degrading, these clothes are horrid!"— wardrobe, soon as the two had passed the line of best friends, pulling her to one of the higher end shopping districts in Tucson, Phil's credit card twirling in Eric's hand the whole time. She had left with body hugging dresses, glove like jeans, soft buttery sweaters, t-shirts that felt like silk, blouses that made her look wealthy and sophisticated, underthings that had her feeling like sin —"You look sexy, Bella! Stop hiding behind the damned curtain!" —and shoes, so many shoes that Bella wasn't sure she'd wear them all. Another change had come in way of her step father's baseball career. He had been drafted and the major leagues had finally taken notice of what Bella already knew - that Phil was an amazing baseball player. The Arizona Diamondbacks had chosen him, and he was set to play first string on third base this upcoming season. The job upgrade had come with a pay raise too, and soon they moved out of the tiny two bedrooms in Mesa, into a large, five-bedroom mansion on the outskirts of Phoenix. Everything seemed to fall into place after that, Eric had met Mav, who introduced Bella to the underground racing lines of Arizona and her addiction to fast cars. It hadn't been planned, she'd always been a little bit of a safety nut, but the thrill fast cars and large sums of money caused was too hard to resist. She'd been shit at driving though. Marie—Mav's sister—had spent nearly six months with Bella behind the wheel teaching her how to "feel" a car, drive stick, use the clutch, and become one of the best street racers in Arizona and the surrounding states. Mav's tug at the hem of her black t-shirt had Bella returning to the present. "What?" She asked, her voice smoky with excitement. Mav raised an eyebrow at her lack of attention, pulling her away from the thinning crowd towards the warehouse hidden in the shadows. Patterned lights pulsed from broken windowpanes and heavy trance music pumped from the building. Entering an after run party always got her excited; vintage and fresh, barely on the market, vehicles filled allotted parking spots, their hoods pushed up, beefed out engines on display, thick styles of music blasting from top of the line speakers. Bella spotted her Nissan over in the corner, surrounded by a large group of men, and headed that direction. All the while Mav followed behind her, his body heat burning into her back, something that sent a harsh burn of memories through her heart. "Bella!" The excited shout came from somewhere ahead of them, and soon her small frame was grappling to hold on to a much larger form. She pushed at wild tendrils of blond hair that suddenly filled her mouth, and shied away from groping hands that touched her in inappropriate places. "Bethany," Bella murmured, lightly slapping at the wandering hands once more, trying to ignore the older woman's smoldering gaze. "It's so nice to see you." She smiled, her lips widening in true happiness, before her face flushed in embarrassment when Bethany bent down to place a chaste kiss on her lips. "Stop that." She admonished, pulling out of the other woman's arms, to gaze up into bright green eyes. Bethany was beautiful, the daughter to a powerful, crime connected father, ripped right out of a Calvin Klein advertisement. She towered over Bella, well over six-foot, and her body was that of a sex goddess. Tonight Bethany wore a red, skin tight bondage dress with little slips of risqué flesh flashing through sheer cuts of gossamer paneling, and high heels that made Bethany's legs look amazing . She tried not to blush even more as the woman's heated eyes gave Bella another once over, a knowing smirk covering her lips when she noticed Bella's staring. Clothed in dark jeans, a miniscule black t-shirt, and combat boots, Bella looked sexy and available. At least, that's what Eric had told her as he chose the outfit. " You've been single since I've known you. Do you want to die alone?" Eric had lilted out, his melodic voice dreamy as he perused Bella's closet, his lean legs clothed in dark-grey slacks, and a pale blue dress shirt covered his muscled upper body. He'd turned to face her, green eyes wide in mock worry. " Not fair!" Bella had whined. "You didn't even have a boyfriend before Maverick!" Eric had laughed, before going back to complaining about Bella's lack of a love life. "I'm well," Bethany husked out, her hand cupping at Bella's cheek, thumb brushing against her lower lip. Another blush worked over her face, and she bit her lip in response, trying to ignore the sudden intake of breath Bethany took, as well as the flaring heat in the woman's eyes. "Though you appear to have shortened once more. I thought the purpose of puberty was to grow not shrink, Bella." Bella huffed out a breath, her small hands pushed unmanageable hair from her eyes. "That's so mean, Bethany. You know I have no idea what's going on!" She let out a gust of irritated air, a pout forming on her lips, and crossed her arms in a defensive