Disclaimer: I own nothing you recognise; the usual rules, you know (And I got the original idea for this from 'Harry Potter and the Time Mage', even if I took the time-travel aspect out of the equation) Feedback: Always a pleasure AN: The third story in the series where Harry was adopted by the Grangers, now delving deeper into the family dynamics that Harry and Hermione have developed in a world where they were raised as siblings rather than just coming together as friends (As well as the obvious issue of Sirius). Hope you like the little 'blast to the past' I included here; could have been better, but I think the end result works… Harry Potter/Granger and the Prisoner of Azkaban As he walked through the streets of Paris, Harry was amazed at how relaxed he felt about everything; after the chaos of last year's events in the Chamber, it was surprising how comforting anonymity was. While he and Hermione had spent the first couple of weeks of summer grounded for their further violation of school rules during the Chamber incident, it had mainly been used as an excuse for them to get their schoolwork finished- Hermione, as always, nearly writing far more than was required before Harry convinced her to space it out a bit more- before departing for the previously-planned holiday to France. After visiting a few locations of historical interest around the country- Harry and Hermione had managed to suggest a few magical-themed locations that were comfortably dismissive of blood-based prejudices, allowing them to show their parents around without worrying too much about running into the French equivalent of Draco Malfoy-, they'd made their way to their current hotel, spending time visiting the local tourist attractions, both the conventional muggle spots and the magical locations. Looking up at the Eiffel Tower, Harry smiled at the thought that they were about to go up it; they'd seen some fascinating sights, but there was still something about the chance to see the Eiffel Tower that really made his day… "Harry?" Hermione said, walking up to look at her brother from where they were waiting at the edge of the river near the Tower, enjoying the sights while their parents waited in the queue. "Are you all right?" "Just enjoying the view," Harry said, smiling over at his sister. "I mean, do you even realise how long it's been since I was somewhere where I knew I wasn't going to attract attention in a crowd?" "A couple of years at least, right?" Hermione said, grinning back at her brother. "More or less," Harry replied, nodding back at his sister. His celebrity status in the wizarding world had its ups and downs, but one of the most obvious ones was the fact that it was hard for him to have any sense of privacy in public locations; even if he didn't show off his scar, it wasn't impossible for someone to recognise him… His thoughts were interrupted when a large boy hurrying past bumped into Harry, sending both of them staggering slightly as the boy's larger bulk was countered by Harry's own physical presence. Turning to look at the large figure that had just struck him, Harry was about to apologise for the accident, but his eyes widened in shock as he recognised the other boy. "Dudley?" he said incredulously before he could stop himself. He hadn't thought about his cousin for years- ever since he'd left the orphanage with the Grangers, he'd tried to forget anything to do with that time of his life-, but Dudley had been such a constant figure of torment in his childhood that it would take a lot longer than the near-decade he'd spent away from him to forget what he looked like. Since he'd last seen him, Dudley appeared to have become increasingly fatter than he'd ever been with the Dursleys even allowing for his greater age, putting Harry disturbingly in mind of a pig that someone had squeezed into a set of clothes. "Who-" Dudley began, before his eyes settled on Harry's scar and widened in shocked recognition. " You ?" "Dudders?" another outrageously fat woman said as she walked up to the boy in question, looking at him with an affection that Harry couldn't help but regard as exaggerated compared to how the Grangers and the Weasleys treated him. "You shouldn't run off-!" The woman halted mid-sentence as her eyes fell on Harry, an expression of recognition and rage on her face as she glared him, Harry's sense of panic growing even before he recognised her. Harry vaguely remembered his uncle Vernon's sister Marge, but if he'd not thought about Dudley willingly for years his memories of Marge had been comparatively easy to ignore considering the lack of contact they'd had. She might have been just as abusive towards him as the Dursleys, letting her dog chase him and barely acknowledging his presence- the closest she'd come was giving him a bag of dog biscuits as a Christmas present the year before he was taken away-, but she'd never really gone out of her way to do it, relying on her brother to 'discipline' him. "You…" Marge Dursley said, glaring at him in pointed recognition as she stepped forward in what could have been a gesture of protection if it wasn't for the fact that she was protecting a bully already nearly as wide as she was. "My poor brother had to leave his son because of you-!" "Leave Harry alone!" Hermione said, stepping forward to stand between her brother and the older woman, glaring back at her with a greater intensity behind her stare than Marge's. "He never did anything wrong-!" "He should have been grateful that his good-for-nothing parents had any family willing to do something for him!" Marge yelled, looking indignantly at Hermione as Dudley looked at Harry with a satisfied smirk. "My brother put up with that delinquent for years, and the only thing this boy did was hand him over to the police-!" "For behaviour that amounted to attempted murder," a cold voice said as Alan Granger walked up to stand behind his children, looking coldly at Marge as he spoke. "Marge Dursley, I take it?" "And you are?" Marge replied. "Alan," Alan replied simply, placing a hand on Harry's shoulder. "I'm Harry's new guardian." "Really?" Marge said, looking at him with a more eager smile. "You are aware that my brother was a prominent figure in his community-" "Who used Harry as a source of cheap labour while pampering his own son beyond the point where anyone else would?" Alan said, looking at Dudley with a pointed stare for a moment before turning his attention back to Marge. "I'll make this simple; stay away from Harry and don't voice any unwanted opinions, and I'll make sure he stays away from you." "That delinquent -" Marge began. "Has never caused us any trouble," Alan said firmly. "If you don't want us to have to dig up everything your brother did to him back then, I suggest you stop this little 'chat' now ." After looking at him with a frustrated expression, Marge nodded grimly and turned away, Dudley shooting a malicious glare at Harry for a moment before turning around to follow his aunt. "What a revolting boy," Hermione said, looking at Dudley with an expression that suggested she was trying to decide if she'd just smelled something bad and how foul it actually was. "That's Dudley," Harry said, shrugging as he looked at her. "Either you hated him as a bullying idiot, or you considered him the perfect child and were blind to all his faults; there wasn't much of a middle ground when I knew him." "Your file said that he was involved in your abuse and that he seemed rather happy about it, but I didn't think anyone would go that far," Alan said, looking grimly after the rapidly-vanishing form of Marge Dursley. "How can anyone do that to their children…?" Harry wasn't sure what to say to that- he wasn't even entirely sure what his father was referring to; Dudley was a bit overweight, but that didn't exactly seem like a harsh fate-, but his adoptive father didn't seem to be that concerned about receiving an answer; he just looked thoughtfully after the vanishing Dursleys for a moment before looking at his own children. "Come on," he said, indicating the tower with a smile. "Your mother's got the tickets; she's just holding our place in the queue." As he and his sister hurried over to the tower, Harry resolved to put that particular meeting out of his mind it was unlikely that he and Dudley would run into each other again any time soon, and all that meeting had accomplished was to reassure him that he was better off where he was than he ever would have been with the Dursleys. He didn't need to feel Hermione's hand taking his to know that the Grangers would never care about whatever he'd been regarded as by the Dursleys; even if he had been a burden to the Dursleys, all he was to the Grangers was a son and a brother. He'd always been amazed that the Grangers had chosen to take him in, but moments like this, when they made it clear that they didn't care what his biological family had thought of him, just made him love his new family that bit more… When he woke up later that night, for a moment, Harry wasn't sure where he was, but then he looked over and saw his sister lying close to him in the hotel's other bed and smiled as he allowed himself to relax. The sudden meeting with Dudley and Marge aside, they'd had a good day in Paris, and Harry was satisfied that they'd never run into them again; the vaguely-remembered dream of Vernon's treatment of him had been a shock at the time, but it was quickly pushed aside by the sight of Hermione sleeping near him, his sister's presence a reassuring reminder that those days were over. Looking over at the corner of the room, Harry was only slightly surprised to see that Hedwig was absent; he might have gone to the trouble of bringing her along, but they'd all been aware that it was unlikely she'd spend much time with them. It had been difficult to work out how she might come with them in the first place- owls weren't exactly the kind of pet that were normally seen on airplanes-, but, with Harry not wanting to leave her on her own, they'd come up with an effective solution by packing a collapsible stand and sending her along ahead of their plane. So long as they left their windows open each night when staying in non-magical hotels, Hedwig could spend the night with them and head off hunting during the day, as well as picking up their deliveries of the Daily Prophet ; she might attract attention from local ornithologists looking in the right places, but she seemed to like spending time with the family in the evenings. Glancing at the clock by his bed, Harry was surprised to see that it was after midnight already- he'd gone to bed relatively late, but he thought he'd had a shorter sleep than that-, but thoughts on the fact that it was his birthday already were forgotten when his attention was drawn to something else when he looked out of the window and saw something strange flying towards them, the moon behind the shape illuminating it even further. Getting up from his bed, he walked over to open the window even further- they left it open every night for Hedwig to slip in, but whatever this was looked like it deserved closer inspection-, ignoring the startled gasp from Hermione's bed as the influx of cool air apparently woke her up as he realised that the odd shape was two