Sometimes Katniss still couldn't believe that she got to go home with Peeta Mellark. The man put out a damn "slut-signal" anytime they went out. He even got hit on when they accidentally went to a gay club. It wasn't surprising; he could charm the habit off a nun and though he wasn't conventionally beautiful like their friend Finnick, or particularly rugged like Gale or Thom, he was easily the most attractive man she had ever seen. And he was genuinely nice to boot. Madge wasn't kidding about him being "perfect Peeta" when she initially set the pair up. Their first date was actually a complete disaster. She spilled wine on her brand new dress, he fell asleep during the movie, and when they were saying goodnight, they were cock-blocked by her alcoholic neighbor who decided it was the perfect night to vomit, loudly, in the bushes. Nearly three months later, they reunited with some mutual friends and agreed to give it another shot. Alcoholic neighbor and all. Katniss didn't particularly like the attention he got from other women, until it was time to pull him away and take him home. She relished in the slack-jawed faces of the girls when she'd whisper in his ear and lead him toward the door, his arm securely around her waist. It was childish and silly but she didn't care. And when they got back to whichever place they were staying at, and he was buried deep inside her, panting her name, it was like a victory cry. She turned her attention away from the bar where some busty brunette laughed too loudly at something Peeta just said, and back to the group of girls at her table. They were a nice enough group, even if they didn't really have that much in common. "So Thom and I installed our sex swing last weekend," Delly commented, sipping her martini. The rest of the group stopped mid-sip and stared at her in disbelief. "What?" She asked with a smirk. "Well holy hell, Cartwright, you can't just lay that shit on us like you just bought another pair of shoes or some shitlike that." "I think what Johanna is trying to say," Madge piped up, shooting Johanna a scowl, "is that... we wouldn't expect you to drop that into an everyday conversation." It was true. Delly Cartwright was a southern belle through and through - always polite and sweet and soft-spoken. She really did a number on her parents when she brought the very non-debutante appropriate Thom home to meet them. We joke that his crassness rubbed off on her, but he assures us that there was a lot more to that girl than met the eye, which is painfully obvious now that we're all sitting in a booth talking about a sex swing. "I thought we were sharing," Delly explained innocently. "It's so much fun, you guys." Madge quietly cleared her throat. "Gale and I bought a new vibrator." Katniss almost choked on her vodka cranberry and Johanna had to slap her back, hard, a few times to get her to stop coughing. "Excuse me?" "Well, it's just," Madge let out a nervous laugh, "it's one of those bullets with a remote control? It's amazing and perfect because sometimes Gale is so tired when he comes home and feels bad that he can't always...you know...perform at his best." Delly gave her a conspiratorial smile. "Toys are really the best, aren't they?" "Oh my God, you don't even understand. At first we only used it on me and I swear, it was like the most intense orgasm I've ever had. But then, one time when we were fooling around," Madge stopped to giggle and check over her shoulder to where Gale was standing with the rest of the guys, completely oblivious to our conversation. "I turned it on and set it against his taint, and I don't think he's ever come that hard. We had to buy another one just so both of us could have one." "I slept with a guy once who wanted his prostate massaged during sex," Johanna offered. "How, exactly, does one do that?" Madge asked. "Isn't the prostate-" "I stuck my finger up his ass." This time Katniss really did spit out her drink. "Jesus, Johanna!" "What?" Johanna shrugged. "It's what he was into. I didn't really care - as long as he took a really good shit and a shower beforehand. What did it bother me if he wanted a little extra?" "Your turn, Katniss," Delly said, once they got over their fascination with Johanna sticking her finger up guy's asses during sex. "Yea, Katniss, tell us something about Peeta. He's probably into some weird shit, right?" Johanna added. Katniss bit her bottom lip. The truth was, Peeta wasn't into anything weird. Sex with Peeta was fantastic - even when he did finish before she did, he made sure to make it up to her. His fingers were magical and that tongue...well the tongue was like a gift from the Gods. So the sex with Peeta was a little vanilla. It wasn't like they only had sex in bed or with him on top, but he just wasn't into other things. At least, not that she knew of. They didn't really talk about what they wanted from sex all that often. She knew he loved going down on her, and he knew she preferred it when he was behind her. They had a system that worked for them - they didn't need to add anything exotic or weird to the bedroom. And she sure as hell wasn't going to freak him out with any of the things the other girls were sharing. Peeta was a gentle soul and that was something she absolutely loved about him. "Um, Peeta's not really into any of that stuff. We do just fine on our own." "Bull shit!" Johanna cackled. "Everyone is into something a little different. You're telling me there's nothing he likes to do to you or wants you to do to him sometimes?" Katniss shrugged. "Sometimes we'll 69. But that's about as 'different' as we get." "You poor thing," Delly chided. "Fuck off," Katniss retorted. "We have fantastic sex. Mind-blowing sex, alright? He doesn't need extra shit to get me off beyond what God graced him with, ok? And I'm enough for him!" She didn't appreciate the fact that these girls were mocking her for not having crazy off-the-wall fuckery like they were. She didn't make fun of any of them for being into sex swings or anal probing or whatever else they liked to experiment with. "All we're saying, Katniss, is that unless you've tried doing something extra, how do you know it can't get better?" Madge asked in a comforting voice. She was trying her best to soothe Katniss and calm her down, but it was doing just the opposite. "Why would I want it to get better? I'm sorry that my boyfriend gets me off every time we fuck, ok? And that I'm enough to get him off. What in the world would be better than that?" She glared at her friends who were all taking awkward sips of their drinks and eyed each other. "Fuck this noise!" she spat, chugging the rest of her drink and grabbing her purse. "I'm going to go get fucked by my 'perfect boyfriend.'" She slid out of the booth and marched over to Peeta. "Can we go?" He set his drink on the bar. "You ok, hon?" She sighed. "I'm fine. I just don't want to be here anymore." She leaned in so only he could hear her. "I really want you to fuck me, Peeta. Right now." Katniss smiled as his pupils dilated. He smiled stiffly at the stranger he had been talking to and excused himself. Katniss shot a look at the table she had just been at and was glad to see them all staring at her pulling Peeta out of the bar. 'That'll shut them up,' she thought. As soon as they were outside, her lips were on his and they stumbled toward where he had parked. He trapped her between his body and the car door, his hands roaming over her. She could feel his hardness grinding against her, and she let out a soft moan. Seriously - what would be better than this? A loud 'whoop' from a group of passersby broke them of their hot and heavy make-out session and he smiled shyly. "So, your place or mine?" "Whichever is closer," she answered, pulling him in for one more kiss. He groaned when her lips left his, and she shot him a knowing wink. As soon as she closed her apartment door behind her, he was kissing her again, backing her up onto the couch. "Not that I'm complaining," he mumbled between the kisses he planted along her neck, "but what was with the rush today? I've never seen you so eager to leave." "What can I - ah! - say?" His lips attached to the particularly sensitive spot under her ear that he knew she loved. "I just wanted you so badly." With one hand, he pulled the button open on her jeans and pushed them down to her feet. He kneeled in front of her and hooked one of her legs over his shoulder. She could feel his warm breath on her center and inadvertently thrust her hips closer to his face. He pushed her panties to the side and licked her dripping folds from top to bottom, taking time to suck hungrily on her clit. She cried out with every swipe of his tongue and held tightly onto his golden curls, wanting his face closer and deeper. He began swirling his tongue in a pattern and she grinned. His new game - spelling out words as he ate her out to change up the sensation. Sometimes she'd try to figure out what he was saying, but she was too far gone by the time he started to care. She just continued to thrust her center against him, riding his face as hard as she could to relieve the tension building in her lower abdomen. She thought her legs were going to give out when she finally came, but he held tightly onto her and continued his actions, lightening the pressure as her shuddering lessened. "Fuck, Peeta," she sighed. He grinned up at her. "As you wish." She grinned and turned so she was on all fours on the couch. She heard him unbuckle his belt and his jeans hit the floor. The unmistakable sound of him ripping open the condom he must have grabbed from his pocket made her shiver in anticipation. She let out a guttural moan when she felt the tip of his cock press against her folds. She pressed back at the same time that he slid forward and they both let out loud groans at the contact. He held onto her hips as he thrust into her, hitting her in all the right places, making her scream out his name with each pass. She purposely tightened her walls around his cock, giving him the extra sensation of how tight she still was, even after all this time with him. He leaned over her and sucked on her neck as he continued to pump into her. She curved her back slightly, lifting her ass a little further into the air. It was enough of a change that it sent him over the edge. He bit down on her shoulder as he came - she came almost immediately after. "Oh, fuck, Katniss," he said after they had cleaned up and were lying in bed. He ran his fingers over the deep bite wound on her shoulder. "I'm sorry, babe. I don't know what came over me." She didn't say anything in return; her mind was still hazy. She hadn't been lying to the girls about coming every time