Katniss didn't hesitate putting an offer down on the old, abandoned house on the other side of the country. It had been a week since her baby sister, Prim, was killed while trying to administer first aid to a stranger on the side of the road. She held on for a day or two, but her injuries were too substantial and eventually her body gave out. Katniss knew she should feel bad for her mother, having to plan the second funeral for her immediate family, but she couldn't. Prim was everything to Katniss. When she died, Katniss lost more than just a sister, she lost a piece of herself. It was the closest she came to understanding the grief her mother experienced after her father's death. It was enough to finally close her heart to love for good. Everywhere Katniss went in town, she was reminded of her baby sister. Everyone wanted to express their condolences or ask how she was doing or share their own stories about Primrose. Katniss wanted nothing to do with them and their memories, she was suffocating under the weight of her own. After the funeral, Katniss impulsively searched online for a way to start over. She was pulled in by a white Greek revival cottage, nestled away from the rest of the neighborhood, backed against a thicket of trees, with only one other house nearby. Her boss made arrangements allowing her to work from home. She told no one else about her plans to leave; one night, she just left. Left her family and friends and life. Left her memories and scars and pain and ghosts. She was prepared to start fresh. The first time Gale called her cell phone, she ignored him. It wasn't fair of her to abandon him the way she did. He was her best friend and just as much a brother to Prim as his own siblings, but Katniss didn't have the energy to talk to him. He'd ask her to come home or if he could come visit her, neither of which she wanted. They both needed time the heal from the loss of Primrose Everdeen and she knew he couldn't do that if he was constantly reminded of her. The longer she ignored his calls, the less frequently he made them. And just like that, he stopped trying. She passed the time in the woods behind her house. Some days, she'd climb the trees and spend hours sitting among the branches. Other days, she'd explore the plant life, taking samples back to the house. Her favorite days were the ones she felt strong enough to take her father's bow out to hunt. When she hauled back the game, she'd spy her neighbor watching her intently. He was unkempt, with stringy dark hair, red-rimmed eyes, and a paunchy stomach, but he left her alone. Katniss would always remember the morning she met the man who would change her forever. It was a sunny spring morning. The winter freeze had finally thawed completely and the first of the songbirds returned. She filled her coffee mug, stirring in enough cream and sugar to diffuse the bitter drink, and stepped out onto her back porch. She nearly missed him the first time and if it hadn't been for the sound of the shovel digging into the dirt, she wouldn't have looked twice. But there he was: muscular arms, ash-blond hair that fell in waves over his face. His cheeks were flushed and already sweat was running down his pale skin. When he paused to wipe his forehead, she called out to him. "What are you doing in my yard?" "Excuse me?" His head snapped in her direction, eyes fixated on her. She waved her free hand in front of her. "You're in my yard. Working in my garden. Why?" He studied her for a moment. "I'm sorry. I…I didn't realize anyone lived here anymore." "So why are you planting flowers in an abandoned garden?" "I've been taking care of the yard since the last owner," he shrugged, "I guess it's just habit." She chewed on her lower lip, his blue eyes standing out dramatically against his pale features. He seemed harmless enough, she supposed. And it wasn't like she had any intentions of planting flowers. She liked nature but was never one for taming it. She nodded and turned back into the house, leaving him to finish his work. She went about her day, sitting up in her office, but found herself checking on him through the window. She went back down to the kitchen to make dinner and saw that the man, along with any indication of his presence, had disappeared. All he left behind was a fresh layer of dirt where dead plants had been the day before. The next morning, when she went downstairs for her cup of coffee, he was once again working in the garden. And by the time she ate dinner, he was gone. Everyday the same, he was there in the morning and gone by the evening. "Do you want something to drink?" He was on his knees with a trivet, digging small holes for the first round of flowers, sweat soaking through his t-shirt on this surprisingly warm day. He sat back on his ankles and wiped his face. "I'm okay. Thank you, though." Her lips twisted. "Well if you want to come in…get out of the heat…if you want…" His smile was beautiful. If she were in any position to want someone, his smile would work in his favor. "I appreciate it." He stood up, wiping the dirt from his hands onto his jeans. She ducked her head and headed inside, hearing his footsteps following behind her. "How are you liking the place?" He asked once inside. "It's nice. And, uh, quiet." "Most people don't like that about it." She shrugged. "I'm not most people." There was that smile again, a little half one this time. "I can tell. What brought you out here?" She bit the inside of her cheek. "I just…I needed to start over. Get away from…from everything. So I found this place and just moved." "You left your family behind? Your friends?" "I don't really have a family. Not anymore," she admitted, leaning against the counter. "And…I'm not really that great at making friends so none of it was that big of a deal, I suppose." "Everyone should have friends, someone they can rely on." He held her gaze with an uncomfortable familiarity, a look she couldn't shake. "I can be your friend. If you want." He laughed at the look on her face. "What? I'll have you know I am an excellent friend." "I don't even know your name." "It's Peeta. Peeta Mellark. And you are…" "Katniss Everdeen." "Well, Katniss Everdeen," he said, pushing himself off the wall he had been leaning on. "It's nice to finally meet you." "You too, Peeta," she replied, her lips twitching upward into a smile. Katniss began spending more and more of her days outside with Peeta in the garden. It turned out, once Peeta decided you were his friend, he would do most of the talking in the conversation, which suited her just fine. Is was as if he could sense when he was coming close to too sensitive of a topic for her liking and would change the topic without missing a beat. "Peeta?" "Hmm?" He had been pulling weeds in the front garden when she realized he had been at her house everyday since the winter thaw. "Don't you have a job? I mean…what do you do for money?" He stilled, his fingers gripped around the invasive plant. "I make due with what I have. I don't have much need for money. It…" he sighed. "Money changes people, Katniss. I became someone I never wanted to become when it was right in front of me. So one day, I just gave everything up." "And you're happier without?" Growing up, her family was dirt poor. Her father's insurance policy did little to help a single mother with debilitating depression keep a roof over their heads. Katniss learned how to stretch everything she owned to the point of breaking. She could never imagine going back to the point of giving everything up, it was too painful to watch her sister's face hallow down to near nothing and not be able to do anything about it. "Yeah. For the most part. Giving it up was a release of sorts." She considered that, unsure if she'd ever be able to give up her hard-earned money and go back to her childhood environment. Peeta made it sound like a positive experience, something that made him grow, but she still couldn't wrap her brain around how he could be something he never wanted to be. "What's your favorite color?" "What?" His question caught her off guard. They had been silent for the majority of the day, Katniss having brought her laptop outside to work along side Peeta. He grinned. "Your favorite color. What is it?" "Oh, um, green," she answered, looking off toward the trees. "You?" "Orange. That orange." He pointed to the skyline, a rich mixture of reds and pinks and yellows. "Sunset was always my favorite time of day. I hated the night but the time right as the sun was setting? There was just something about it that always made me feel alive." "I've never really looked at sunsets," Katniss admitted. "You should. They really are beautiful." "Maybe you should stay and enjoy them with me." "Maybe I will." During one of Peeta's breaks, Katniss made the mistake of checking her mail. Amid the stack of bills and junk mail was a thick envelope addressed to "Miss Katniss Everdeen." She opened it and felt her throat constrict at the contents inside. "Mrs. Hawthorne and Mr. and Mrs. Undersee would like to invite you the union of their children, Gale Hawthorne and Madge Undersee in holy matrimony." "Who are they?" Peeta asked, sitting next to her on the porch step. "Friends from back home?" She nodded, stuffing the invitation back into the envelope. "Yeah. Uh Gale was, he was my best friend. I haven't heard from him since I moved out here." "Why?" Katniss rolled her eyes. "He tried to call at first but couldn't talk to him. It was too painful." Peeta sucked in a breath. "Did you two date or something?" She scoffed. "Oh, God, no. Nothing like that. My sister died." He turned toward her. "What?" "My sister, Prim, she died almost a year ago. Right before I moved here. Gale was…we were best friends, he was like a brother to me and Prim. So after she died, seeing him reminded me of what I lost and it was too much to deal with. So I…I left. I ran away from it all in the middle of the night and wound up here. Alone. And now," she tossed the invitation to the ground, "he's getting married." Peeta picked up the invitation, running his fingers over the fancy type. "You should go to the wedding." She scoffed, refusing to cry over the fact that anyone was able to move on past Prim. "That wouldn't be good. I doubt he really wants to deal with me." "He invited you." "That's a formality." A tear slipped past her defenses, caught by Peeta's thumb. A chill ran through her body at his touch and he pulled away quickly. "Katniss, I lost everyone I loved and I would have given anything to have one more chance to make it up to them. This is your chance to make things better with him. And it'll probably do you some good, too." She sniffed. "Maybe. Would you want to come with me?" "I don't know, Katniss," he teased, "people may talk about us." "So what." His smile dropped at her implication. They had known each other and been growing significantly closer over the summer and into