My father would be turning over in his grave if he knew his eldest daughter was on her way to Victor's Village for a job interview. Although, if it weren't for my father being in the grave, he'd still be working, my mother would still be functioning, and my sister and I wouldn't have lived for years on the edge of complete starvation. As it is, he's gone, my mother's gone, and it's up to me to keep my little sister fed and clothed. A responsibility that has become more and more difficult in our tiny district. The money I made as the waitress/bartender/janitor at the only bar in town wasn't enough for a three-person household. At least, that's what I told myself as I pushed open the heavy door of the infamous gentleman's club three districts over. That and I was interviewing for the bartender position and not the dancer one, which should help my deceased father's state of mind. If it was just my deceased father's state of mind, I would have considered the other job – they make more money and it's well known that Haymitch Abernathy takes care of his girls – but I'm still responsible for my sister. My baby sister who is about to start her senior year of high school and doesn't need any more rumors surrounding her. I've protected her as best as possible from the snide comments from fellow students from some of the wealthier districts whose school district we share, but if word ever got around that Primrose Everdeen's sister was stripping for money...that's just not something I'm willing to subject her to. And then there's my mother to consider, I suppose. She's finally starting to mentally stabilize. She can now look at me without seeing the ghost of my father. We can have a civilized conversation over meager dinners. She's old-fashioned enough to hate the idea of her daughter bartending , which I never paid attention to because it was that bartending job that brought home money. Anything more than that might completely dissolve our fragile relationship. Like it or not, these women are the only people I have left in the world. I wasn't sure what to expect when I got inside the club - everything I knew about strip clubs came from the stories I heard from adults and the images I conjured up on my own head. Needless to say, the inside of Victor's Village looked nothing like I thought it would. There were no neon lights or zebra print couches. It didn't smell like stale smoke or booze or...worse. The walls were a light brown with licks of red like flames, and the furniture was made of deep mahogany. Gold carpeting covered the floor, accented by the low lightening along the walls. It's the richest looking building I've ever been in and I found myself running my fingers over the expensive woodwork at the edge of the expansive bar. The thought that a place like this existed so close to starving children and abject poverty made me sick to my stomach, but I couldn't allow myself to dwell on the feeling for too long. The girl who greeted me wasn't what I expected either. Her auburn hair was pulled back into a loose bun, her face free of makeup, and she was simply dressed in jeans and a Victor's Village blank tank top. "Hi," she said with an easy smile. "You must be the applicant. Haymitch will be up in a second. Can I get you something to drink in the meantime?" She slipped behind the bar and began pulling bottles off the shelves and lining them up on the front of the bar. "Uh," my mouth went dry. The bottom of her tank top rose up an extensive back brace. "Um. No, no I don't need anything to drink..." The girl chuckled. As I looked up, she was looking back at me, clearly having caught me staring. "Pulled tendons. I've been put on bar duty until I heal up properly. Haymitch insisted." "Because Haymitch doesn't want his girls to be injured for life. Get back to work, Annie." I snapped my head back to see a paunchy, middle-aged man stagger down the stairs; I assumed him to be the Haymitch the girl was just talking about. He seemed old enough to own the bar, though his greying hair and deep set wrinkles may only be exacerbating his age. His eyes were the same color as mine; everything about him gave me the impression he could have been raised in the poor part of town as well. Well, everything except the building I was standing in. "You the Everdeen girl?" he asked, his voice gravely and direct. I nodded. "Katniss. Um, Katniss Everdeen. For the bar-" "Bartending. Yeah yeah. I remember. Your application was impressive. Ol' Sae seemed to think you were throwing your life away by coming here but that's what she said about me." He began to laugh, albeit a little too hard because he started coughing instead. More and more, this day has become not at all like I expected. How could this be the man who runs one of the most prestigious gentleman's club in the country? Nothing, from the way he looked or acted felt in place with the surroundings. I shifted my weight from foot to foot, waiting for him to calm down enough to continue. "I'll put you on tonight's shift. It should be pretty slow and Annie will be here to help you out. You'll need to change, obviously. You may be a bartender here but we have a reputation to uphold." "Wh-wh-wait. What?" I asked, staring at him in total disbelief. "Tonight? I thought this was just the interview." Haymitch stared at me, his tongue tracing the edge of his teeth. "Things move pretty fast here and I need a bartender now. If you're not up for it, I've got another girl coming in soon. I'm sure she won't be so afraid of the challenge." I felt my eyes widen for a beat before I narrowed them at him. Afraid? Of a challenge? Me? "What should I wear?" He smirked and motioned for me to follow him to a back room. He sat at a desk and pulled a novel's worth of paperwork out of a drawer. "We've got some rules here, Kid. Mostly for your safety, but some for mine and the club's. Beyond that, we need to do some pretty typical background checks, health checks, credit reports, all that crap that just prove you're not going to rob me blind or some shit like that. I'm not too worried about you but it's part of the routine." I nodded, skimming through all the forms he put in front of me. It made me wonder what happened to Haymitch that required such an extensive check on every single employee. Sure, this was a premier club, but the multiple checks seemed slightly over the top. "And then we have your bank information, tax forms, insurance forms, insurance liabilities, non-disclosure and confidentiality forms for both you and the other employees, and the rules." I quickly scanned over the pages and pages of rules. Most seemed pretty generic to almost any workplace and a few were specific to this type of environment. Employees are not to engage in external fraternization with customers. For your safety and the protection of Victor's Village, any employee caught spending time with customers outside of work or performing non-work related activities with customers will be placed on probation. If a second offense occurs, employee will be immediately terminated. Under no circumstances can the former employee be rehired in this situation. The last rule, right at the bottom of the page caught my eye. Under no circumstances are employees to open any envelopes or packages from unknown senders. If at any time an employee receives unsolicited mail at their private residence, they are to immediately turn it over to Haymitch Abernathy. That was it, no additional explanation. What a strangely specific rule, more so than the relationship one. "What's with the rule on mail?" He squinted at me for a moment then leaned back in his chair. "There are some people in this...community...who aren't big fans of what we do here. Usually we get harmless letters but it's not worth taking the risk that it could be something more. Now, here is a suggested workout and diet plan." He looked up at me and snickered. "Although I doubt it'll be a problem of you not maintaining a particular body shape." I scowled at him, even if he had a point. I wasn't only thin because my family was poor. Both of my parents were naturally small and I spent most of my non-working hours trekking through the woods to help my family. It had been so long since I had excessive food that it would likely take months of gorging myself before any of it started showing. But it wasn't really like I wanted to be reminded of that. Especially by my new employer. "As for your uniform," Haymitch stood from his desk and pulled a large box off a shelf. "You're a small, yeah? Maybe even an extra small." He started rummaging around, digging almost entirely to the bottom before he tossed a pair of jean shorts and a black tank top at me. "You can borrow those for the night, until you get some clothes of your own. Bathroom's down the hall. Go change and start with Annie." I held the shorts up and my heart sank. There was barely enough denim fabric to consider them proper shorts, even for my tiny frame. But I did as I was told and shuffled out of the office as quickly as possible to find the bathroom. I slid out of my clothes and into my new uniform, staring at myself in the full length mirror. I tugged down the hem of the tank top, hoping it would help provide a little bit of modesty, but I knew it was a false hope. Nothing could cover up the fact that my shorts barely covered my most intimate places and if I bent over, anyone who could would be able to see my underwear. I'm relieved that I at least took the time to shave my legs a few days ago and the hair hasn't started growing back yet. I don't know what Haymitch would have done if I hadn't. I get the feeling he cares more about my body hair than I do at this point, and since he makes the decisions, his feelings about it mattered the most. Annie is still cleaning behind the bar when I come out. She smiles brightly at me and hops off the step ladder she had been standing on. "Hey, Katniss, right?" I nodded, smiling softly back at her. "Yeah. And you're Annie? Um...Haymitch sent me here for you to train me?" Annie laughed. "Of course he did. Have you tended bar before?" I nodded again, drawing another smile from her. "Then you'll be fine. Most of the people who come in here aren't looking for fruity cocktails. They want beer, whiskey, rum, that sort of thing. So long as you can multitask and hold a lot of orders in your head, you'll be fine. Things will get hectic and the men are complete assholes sometimes but we look out for each other." "So...what do we do now?" I asked, given that the job sounds simple enough. "We continue to clean and stock. It'll get done quicker now that I have a second set of hands." As we took care of the bar area, I noticed more women come strolling in, greeting Annie and giving me dirty looks. "Who are they ?" I asked her. "The dancers. They use slow nights to work on new moves and routines," she answered, as watching them as they began to warm