Katniss didn't know the District 12 tributes during the 77th Hunger Games, and not for the first time, she didn't care. It wasn't Prim. Or Rory. Or Vick. They were safe for another year. And it wasn't her. She had made it, had aged out of the system and survived her final Reaping. She hated to admit it, but a large weight lifted off her chest when she heard Effie Trinket call out the female tribute's name and it wasn't hers. She, along with nearly the entirety of her age group, were free. Or, as free as anyone in District 12 really could be. Free from the horrors of the Games. Free to live the horrors of adulthood in the outlying district. Prim was clutching at her waist as soon as the tributes were escorted into the Justice Building. The Hawthorne children weren't far behind, knowing they were to wait for Katniss to find the rest of the clan. Katniss' mother gave her a stiff, cold hug. It was the most obvious affection the two women had shared since Katniss was a young girl and a clear indication of how distant the they still were. Hazelle gave Katniss' upper arm a reassuring squeeze and Posy, the youngest, smiled broadly, her front teeth missing. Gale wrapped her up in a tight embrace, pulling her into his body. She could feel him shaking around her and she wondered if he was more nervous for her than he let on. They went out to check the snare lines that morning, like they had done since they first met, and while Gale was always a quiet man, he had been acting particularly off. She didn't question it, chalking it up to Vick's first reaping. Although no one in the District mentioned it, they all remembered, just three years ago, when the twelve year old girl, the safest of them all, was Reaped, with no one to volunteer for her. She lasted only a few days in the arena and died crying, while her killer laughed. The entire system was unfair but to send a twelve year old was the worst of the worst. It was a sharp, painful reminder that even the safest of them weren't really safe. On their walk back to the Seam, where her mother was preparing a celebratory dinner for the trio, Katniss felt eyes on the back of her head. She glanced over her shoulder at the Merchant boy with wavy blonde hair and deep blue eyes watching her. The youngest son of the baker, Peeta Mellark, who saved her life so many years ago but never spoke a word to her. She offered him a half smile, he had survived the Reaping as well, and turned back, wrapping her arm around Prim's shoulders. Katniss had no real skills other than hunting. And while it had kept her family fed until her mother got better, it was not a reliable source of income. And at the age of 19, freshly graduated from secondary school, Katniss Everdeen needed a reliable source of income. Options were limited for Seam girls. If she had any skill, she'd stay with her mother as a healer. It was Prim, however, who had the mind and the passion for that. She couldn't sew. Or make anything useful with her hands. She wasn't smart enough to take on a teaching position. And despite her mother's lineage, there would be no positions for her in town. There was only one other option for those with no other discernible talents. Which is how Katniss Everdeen wound up in line with the other Seam children, and the handful of Merchants who were unlucky enough to have too many siblings ahead of them, for the physical test. She was hardly the smallest of those in line, she was bigger than some of the men, and she knew she was strong. She and Gale had carried a buck at least a mile through the forest last year. But she was still a woman, and the mine supervisors preferred to hire men. Her mother was overjoyed that she wouldn't be sending her eldest daughter into the earthly caverns that killed her husband. But it still left Katniss with no way to make money and help support the household. Hazelle came with the solution, Katniss could work for her doing laundry and cleaning homes for those who requested. There was nothing enjoyable or glamorous, but Hazelle gave her a fair share of the earnings and it kept her out of the mines. And it allowed her to still have her Sundays with Gale. He confessed his love for her and she rejected him, angered that her best friend seemed to forget her promise to never get married and have children. By the end of the year, he had started dating the sister of another miner. Katniss wasn't particularly fond of the other girl, finding her to be vapid and uninteresting but Gale was quick to remind her that she had no right to think such things about his love life anymore. She stopped working for Hazelle shortly after and returned home, forcing herself to learn what she could from her mother and collect supplies from the woods. She told herself that at some point, Prim would get married and start her own family and their mother would still need someone around for emergency cases. "The female tribute for the 94th Hunger Games is Astrid Mellark." Katniss watched as the blonde-haired girl in a pale blue dress slowly walked up the stairs to where Effie Trinket, still teetering in those pink, six inch heels that matched her hair, was waiting for her. The girl's curls bounced slightly with each step and her bright blue eyes shined even brighter underneath the already forming tears. Katniss recognized the surname of the baker, but she had lost track of the family after so many years. She still traded squirrels for bread at the backdoor of the bakery but it wasn't as if she and the baker engaged in small talk. She only knew of rumors, that the eldest was in line to take over the bakery, that Peeta had recently married a neighbor girl, that the baker and his wife were expecting to be grandparents again. But even during the Reapings, she stayed close to her mother and sister, away from where the Merchants often stood. Sometimes, when she would walk through town, she could swear she felt the youngest watching her. If he was, he hid himself well, as she was never able to spot him. Astrid stood next to Effie, but Katniss wasn't listening to the male tribute's name being called. Instead, she scanned the crowd of adults, searching for the girl's father. Her eyes latched onto his instantly, just as they had after their last Reaping. The last time she saw Peeta. He was not so different now; older, of course, but still the same boyish features she remembered. His eye line was broken when a crying blonde woman leaned against him for support. Katniss fought the rising of her stomach as he wrapped one around around her and ran the fingers of his other hand through her hair. Soothing her. Comforting her. Astrid Mellark was not just the baker's granddaughter. She was Peeta Mellark's daughter. The realization hit Katniss like a wall and her head began to spin. She hadn't seen him in years, never really interacted with him, but she knew him. She knew he was gentle and kind and friendly and...good. There wasn't a single person in their school who didn't adore Peeta Mellark and not just because of his looks. He was decent, the dangerous kind of decent that crawled under your skin and stayed there. The decent that didn't deserve to send his child to her death. She felt like she was going to throw up. No parent deserved to send their child to the Games. But Peeta? She found herself wishing she was sixteen again so she could volunteer for the young girl. Volunteering in District 12 was unheard of; entrance into the Games from an outlying district almost certainly meant death. But she felt a strange akin to the girl, as if it were Prim's name that had been called. She rushed home, ignoring the pointed looks from Darius for leaving the Reaping early, and bounded up to her room. She didn't have many possessions, and those she did have were of no great value. But there was one, a pin her father gave to her, that she wore at every Reaping. A gold circular pin with a Mockingjay in the center. She palmed the pin and rushed to the Justice Building. The tribute rooms of the Justice Building were unknown to most of the citizens. You only went there if you were visiting a tribute or a tribute yourself. And there were only two tributes who survived to talk about the room. They were both gone now, the last, Haymitch Abernathy died a few years ago from liver failure. Katniss hid in a corner as the sobbing woman rushed past her. A few steps later, Peeta followed, his cheeks stained from his own tears. Katniss signed in as a tribute visitor and was allowed only five minutes with the girl. Astrid was shaking when Katniss walked in. "Who are you?" Astrid asked, quietly. "My name is Katniss Everdeen. I...I knew your dad...from school." Astrid nodded, a strange expression on her face. "Why are you here?" Katniss kneeled down in front of the girl and held out her hand. "They allow you to take a token from your district into the Games with you. My father gave this to me when I was very young. He said that it would protect me and it did for many years. But I want you to have it, if you want it." Astrid reached out and ran her slender fingers over the bird. "It's beautiful." "Just make sure you return it to me after you win," she instructed, pinning it onto Astrid's dress. "Promise?" "Promise." Astrid made it to the final six. For being a small girl, she was impressively strong and adapt at hiding in the most obscure places - blending into the terrain around her. Peeta never looked more like a proud father than when he was interviewed, showing the same self-deprecating charm Astrid had during her interview with Cesar Flickerman. She was the most successful tribute from District Twelve in almost thirty years. She died at the sword of a particularly vicious tribute from District Four, protecting the life of her ally from District Six. Before the hovercraft picked up the lifeless body, Katniss had shut off the TV and escaped under the blankets in her bed. The next day, her mother knocked on her bedroom door. "Katniss? There's someone here to see you." Standing in the shabby living room of her mother's house in the Seam was Peeta Mellark. And in his hand, he turned a gold circular pin with a Mockingjay inside, over and over. "They returned her belongings today and this was included." He held it out to her, his fingers shaking and his voice broken. "I believe it belongs to you." Katniss hesitantly reached out for it, her fingers brushing against his. "How did you know?" His smile nearly broke her heart on the spot. "You always wore it on Reaping Day." "You noticed?" "I noticed everything about you, Katniss." She had never felt as nervous as she did, standing in the presence of the heartbroken father in front of her. Especially when he said things like that . He noticed her? He noticed everything about her? "Would you like some tea?" They sat on the threadbare couch in her mother's living room, sipping from mismatched teacups. The silence was uncomfortable, but Katniss didn't know what to say to this boy – man – about anything. She knew loss but not like he