Katniss wasn't exactly sure what it was that made her step into Afternoon Tattoos that Tuesday morning for a consultation. Some would say it was fate, but unless 'fate' is actually code for 'dipshit ex-boyfriend,' Katniss wasn't so convinced. She told herself that it was something she heard other girls on campus talking about – the best way to show you're over a breakup is to make some sort of drastic physical change. She was pretty sure those girls were referring to a new wardrobe or a haircut or weight loss but she couldn't afford clothes, her long raven hair was one of her favorite things about herself, and she was pretty sure if she lose any weight, people might think she was starving herself. When, in reality, she scarfed down food like she was never going to eat again but never seemed to put on much fat. Instead, she found herself inside the tattoo parlor that she had been researching online for the past few weeks. A tattoo had never been on her radar, something about permanently scarring her body for vanity's sake didn't rank high on her list. But she had some money saved up from pawning off all the crap her ex left in her dorm room and absolutely no guilt on using it for herself. He was selfish enough to cheat on her so she could selfish now. But at the same time, she knew how permanent a tattoo was and Katniss wanted to be sure she was making the right choice. Afternoon Tattoos was a relatively new shop in the area, having not even been open for a year, but it already had an outstanding reputation. There was only one tattoo artist so reviews said it could take weeks to get an appointment if you didn't want one of the basic flash tattoos and that was after the required consultation. The owner, Peeta Mellark, was apparently an artistic prodigy who brought his formal training and work ethic to tattooing – quickly rising through the field. His strength, according to this website, was in photo realism and he had many pictures of tattoos that looked like they had been painted on the skin with a brush rather than a needle. So there she was, standing in a relatively empty tattoo shop. There was one guy on one of the couches, casually flipping through a magazine, and based on the faint buzz Katniss could hear from the back room, someone else was getting work done. There was a woman behind the counter who was quite possibly the most intimidating person Katniss had ever seen in her life. The tips of her spikey brown hair were dyed red, like they were dipped in the inked blood dripping from the axe tattoo on her exposed shoulder. "Yo, Brainless, can I help you?" Katniss flushed, not even realizing that the girl had been trying to get her attention ever since she walked in. "Oh, um, I…I'm here for a consultation," she answered with a shaky voice. The way the receptionist eyed her as she walked up toward the desk made her feel completely exposed and insecure. Like it was clear that she didn't belong here. The other woman smirked and popped her gum. "Here's some paperwork for you to fill out. Really it's just an assurance that you're legal and not intoxicated and all that jazz. Consultations are free but can be interrupted if an appointment comes in." Katniss took the clipboard from the woman – 'Jo' as her name tag indicated – and moved to the empty couch to start filling it out. It was a basic enough form; name, date of birth, health conditions, known allergies, history of drug use, previous tattoos and/or piercings. She felt a little ridiculous marking 'yes' but figured she did get her ears pierced in high school, even though they closed up through lack of use. The back of the form had more tattoo-specific questions to be "discussed with the artist during consultation." What style tattoo? Color or black and white? Size? Placement? Pre-designed or artist rendering? And the dreaded 'why do you want a tattoo?' She huffed and flipped her braid to her other shoulder. The longer she sat in the parlor, the dumber her reasoning for getting a tattoo became. She was being somewhat impulsive and stupid regarding the breakup with that asshole – it wasn't like she was that interested in him so it wasn't like the breakup was that hard on her – but for some reason, being asked to write that reason down upset her more than the reason itself. Who was this asshole who thought he needed to know why she was here. Shouldn't he just be happy that she's going to bring him some business? She left it blank. "Peeta's probably got about twenty minutes left with his client." Jo said, typing a few things into the laptop on the desk. "You didn't specify a design so you can look around at some other stuff that he's done." The binders on the coffee table were full of the same pictures she saw online, only in higher resolution, which made them look even more impressive. In the back were pages and pages of doodles and drawings that were clearly done by the same artist but just haven't been transitioned onto someone's skin yet. She was struck by the flowers, all fully detailed by a deft hand. Nearly every flower she could imagine was there, as if he had copied pages from a botany book. "Brainless?" Katniss snapped her head up and saw Jo gesturing to her. Whoever was previously getting tattooed was done and showing off his new ink to the other guy who had been waiting for him. As she walked past, she had to admit that while she would never get an alien-looking beetle on her body it was actually beautifully done. Frightening and horrific but beautiful. She followed the direction Jo pointed, which she would have been able to figure out on her own because there was only one hallway with two doors for the bathrooms on the right and a curtain on the left. She assumed the man who was cleaning up the curtain area was Peeta, but she wasn't sure if she was supposed to go in or just…wait for him. He was replacing the sheet that covered the table in the middle of the room, his back still turned to her when he started talking. "You didn't specify what kind of design you were looking for. Do you want something that's already been done or something more…" He finally turned to catch her eye and she instantly felt flush. "Definitely something original. Katniss, right? Sagittaria sagittifolia." He grinned at her shocked expression. "You would be amazed at the things you learn about plants and animals in art school. Have a seat." He patted the newly covered table and slid his own chair over next to it. Katniss easily lifted herself onto the table and swung her legs around to face him. "So um…" "First tattoo?" "Yeah." "Nervous?" He flashed a smile at her which both put her at ease and caused her muscles to tense. "Don't be. Figuring out the design is the hard part. Any thoughts on where you might want it done?" "Um…no?" She answered, slightly embarrassed that despite all the research she did on which parlor to go to, she hadn't given much thought at all to the actual tattoo. "This is probably a bad decision." She started to move off the table when his hand reached out to grab her. He released her as soon as she stopped moving. "Look, I'm not gonna force you to stay here or get a tattoo. But you're not the first person to come in with no idea what they want. That's why I do these consultations. Believe me, I'd rather have someone like you than someone who is so dead set on a terrible design or placement. Relax, Katniss." He pulls open a drawer and reveals a sketchbook and pencil. "Tattoos are permanent, I totally understand your hesitation. People tend to go two routes with that knowledge, they either get something meaningful or something meaningless." "People get meaningless tattoos?" He laughed again. "They get tattoos that hold nothing special to them. They like the design but aren't as interested in the story. I've always been a little more old school, I like mine to have some relevance to my life." Curiosity got the better of her. Curiosity and the partial tattoo she could see from underneath his t-shirt. "How many do you have?" "More than my mother would like," he joked, pulling up the sleeve on his left arm past his shoulder, exposing a whisk and paintbrush twisting around one another. She fought the urge to run her fingers over it, wondering if it felt as three-dimensional as it looked. "My dad's a baker and I'm a painter, so I wanted something to symbolize both. I got lucky at art school to have met Cinna who is like, the biggest name in tattooing right now. He loved my design and gave me a great deal on it and I've been hooked ever since." Peeta shrugged. "That's just my personal preference, as someone getting tattoos. As an artist, I have no bias either way – it's your body to make whatever decision you want with. I'll just do my best to make it look good." "I don't want just anything," she quickly spat out. A tattoo itself is slightly impulsive but at least she could justify it a little easier if it was something that meant something to her. Something she could be proud to have on her body. He nodded and held up the sketchpad. "That's what this is for. Tell me the things you like, things that are important to you and I'll do some sketches for you. We'll go from there." After what must have been hours, but hardly felt like anything, Peeta finally smiled and closed his sketchbook. "I've got a good feeling about this, Katniss. But I need to know, do you trust me?" The question caught her off guard. She hardly knew this man but she was willing to let him scar her body permanently. And she had spent hours talking to him about all kinds of things, even if he did most of the talking. And his artwork was fantastic. "Y…yes." "For the idea I have in mind, I'm going to suggest your shoulder blade. You're right handed, yeah? So I think your left shoulder blade would be best – it's a large space that shouldn't hurt too terribly bad." She chewed on her lower lip, taking in what he was suggesting. Her back was easily coverable and shouldn't ever make getting a job difficult. But it could still be exposed if she wanted it to be. "Okay." "You'll allow it?" A small smile crossed her lips. "I'll allow it." Peeta told Katniss he'd call her when he finished up her drawing and could schedule her appointment. She was nervous for the entire first week after her consultation, jumping at phantom vibrations from her cell phone. After the second week, she was disappointed and frustrated. The longer she waited, the more anxious she got and the more she wondered if she really did want that tattoo. She was in the middle of studying for her statistics exam when her phone buzzed too loudly against her desk and made her jump out of her skin. "Hello?" "Hey, Katniss, this is Peeta, from Afternoon Tattoos. I just finished up your drawing and wanted to get you scheduled for your appointment. Is now a good time to figure that out?" Her stomach churned, it was now or never. She opened her day planner on her desk, flipping to the current month. "Um, sure." "Great! So it's going to be a relatively long sitting – maybe about six