Peeta pulled up to the small dance studio where Delly was finishing up her yoga class. Normally she got a ride from some of her girlfriends at work, but since his conference call ended early, he thought it'd be nice to surprise her. She raved about the class and he had to admit that her body had greatly improved since she started taking the exercise more seriously. He wasn't sure what to expect from the place. There were three large windows lining the street, but each was covered by a long, heavy curtain that prevented bystanders from looking in. The name, District Twelve Dance Studio, was painted across the windows and was the only way Peeta knew he was actually in the right place. He pulled into the parking lot in back that was shared with the laundromat, and slipped in. The receptionist, a petite pale girl with unruly red curls, quirked an eyebrow at him when he passed by but didn't say anything. When he asked where the yoga class was, she pointed a bored finger across the hall and went back to reading some fashion magazine. Peeta watched through the glass door at the 20 or so women stretching and grimacing through the different poses. He presumed the instructor must have been the woman right in the middle, as she looked the most graceful and fluid of anyone. He couldn't help but notice the way her black yoga pants clung to her legs, stretching around her hips and showing off her ass. Like most guys, Peeta loved women in yoga pants, but there was definitely a difference between women who wore them as pants and those who actually did yoga in them. He could easily make out her well-defined thighs and with every switch of position, they were just as much a part of her body as her own skin, as if they were painted onto her. As she slowly switched to a new position, he got a chance to see the rest of her body. Her abs were sculpted into a still-feminine four-pack. The dark green sports bra she wore gave him access to her muscular arms and olive skin. Her raven hair was neatly tied back in a braid which, in her current pose, fell across her face. Using only one hand to balance herself, she brushed the braid back with the other and he caught site of the most entrancing part of her, her smoky grey eyes. Like clouds rolling in before a storm, Peeta had never seen eyes that captivated him so quickly and fiercely. He could feel his stomach twist along with her body, his mouth suddenly dry. He couldn't tear his eyes off of her; anywhere she went, so did his gaze. He watched a bead of sweat drip from her face and trail down between her breasts. He licked his lips and felt a familiar heat course through him as he tried to imagine what she would taste like if he could follow that bead of sweat with his tongue. She looked so natural, not like a woman who used overly fragrant lotions and perfumes. And while there was no denying her physique, he didn't peg her for a floral girl. Not like Delly. Delly. Shit. Delly was on the mat right beside the woman Peeta had been lusting after, and while she didn't possess her instructor's easy fluidity betweens moves, she seemed to be holding her own. He rarely got to see his girlfriend in such tight, or revealing, clothes. She had been raised in a conservative home, with a mother who seemed to pound the idea of being "a classy lady" into her daughter's head at all times. Delly even wore a modest bathing suit when they went to the beach, even though Peeta always told her how fantastic and sexy she looked. Peeta had been head over heels crazy about Delly since they met in college, and they were, on paper, the perfect couple. Both outgoing and charming, everyone just assumed they'd get married. Five years together and Delly still didn't have a ring, nor Peeta the intent to get one. They were happy the way they were, living together without the stress of marriage. He had never seriously considered any other option: it was always Delly and he assumed it would always be Delly. But there was something about this woman - this yoga instructor who didn't have any of the physical appeal that Delly held, the physical features Peeta often was attracted to. She awakened feelings in Peeta that had been lying dormant for years. Despite how he felt about Delly, this new woman made him feel like a teenager again, full of hormones and salacious thoughts about what was under those yoga pants. "Peet!" Delly's voice called to him, shaking him from his revery. He looked up and saw that the door to the room was open and women were filling out. He slipped in and walked over to where Delly was rolling up her yoga mat. She leaned up to kiss him. "What are you doing here?" He tried not to focus on the instructor, who was also rolling her mat with her ass right in his eyeline. "I, uh, I got out of my conference call early so I thought I'd come pick you up. You know, see where you spend all your time." She rolled her eyes and shook her head. "You are such a boy. You just wanted to see girls in tight pants." "What?" He sputtered, snapping his head back to her. "N-n-no. I promise." Delly kissed his cheek. "It's okay, baby. I was only half kidding. But, if you'd like, you can watch this girl in tight pants while I put my mat in my locker." He smiled and gave Delly a playful swat as she sauntered away. He failed to notice the smirk from the instructor, who had been watching them over her shoulder. He turned his head, taking in the rest of the room. A large mirror across the wall that faced the windows. Ballet barres across the mirror and adjacent wall. A series of lockers and wooden crates that held shoes, water bottles, and mats from the class members. "Peeta," Delly was back at his side, touching his elbow gently, "this is my instructor, Katniss. Katniss, this is Peeta." The jerk in his body was immediate and, as far as he was concerned, obvious. His neck flamed up when he took her hand in his own to shake it. "Um, hi. Nice ass - uh, class. Nice class. It looked, um…bendy." Katniss raised her eyebrows at him. "Well it is designed to increase flexibility. Delly here has made some amazing progress since she started." Delly grinned. "Oh, please. I wouldn't be half as good as I am without you pushing me, Kat. Peeta appreciates it, too," she added with a wink, which just added to Peeta's fluster. "It's been known to do that," Katniss answered with a nod. "In fact, it may doyou some good to get a little more…bendy…Peeta. I'm sure Delly would like it just as much." Peeta tried to imagine himself in a room full of women in skin-tight pants bending over all around him. It was a 16-year-old's wet dream, and even at almost 30, Peeta had to admit it was tempting. Especially if Katniss would be teaching the class. He could be behind her, giving him full access to her … "Or if you're nervous, I do offer private lessons almost every morning," Katniss offered, misinterpreting his silent fantasizing for nervousness. "Sometimes that helps newcomers feel more relaxed." A private session with her? Just the two of them? Stretching. Bending. Just them. He felt his cock twitch at the thought. He coughed. "Um, yeah, I'll think about." He pulled slightly on Delly's arm. "It, uh, it was nice to meet you, Katniss." The next morning, Peeta dressed in his typical gym attire and drove downtown for a quick workout before heading into the office for another long day. His brain must have been elsewhere because rather than his normal drive, he ended up right in front of District Twelve Dance Studio. The curtains were open and Peeta could easily see inside. Katniss said she did private lessons in the morning, but from the looks of it, it was only her inside. She had headphones on and was stretching out along one of the barres. He parked his car along the front of the studio, hoisted his gym bag over his shoulder, and impulsively decided to take Katniss up on her offer. The red-headed receptionist was missing from her post, so Peeta pushed into the yoga room he picked Delly up from the day before. He froze in the doorway, this time, entranced not by Katniss' long, lean body, but by her hypnotizing voice. She was singing along with a slower version of "All Shook Up," which, combined with her deep leg stretches, was easily the most erotic thing he had ever experienced. He watched her roll her head back and forth and stretch completely over to the floor, all without losing the perfect tone and quality of her voice. "I'm in love, I'm all shook up. Mm mm oh yeah yeah!." She turned at that moment and smiled, pulling out the earbuds. "Hi. Peeta, right? Here to take me up on my offer, I see." He licked his lips as she walked over toward him. He didn't hide the way his eyes hovered on her hips, their gentle sway as she moved. "Delly raves so much about the class, I figured I had to give it a shot." Where did that come from? he wondered. He was a bumbling mess the day before and all of a sudden his confidence came out in full force. Maybe it was the song, or the emptiness of the room. Or the fact that your girlfriend isn't around and you're alone with the hottest woman you've ever seen. Katniss grinned. "Well by all means, come on in. I was just going to do some Tai Chi this morning, but I'm always down for new students." She led him to the wooden crates and instructed him to take off his sneakers and leave his bag over there. "Here's your mat. It'll help your knees." She rolled out her mat and indicated that he was to roll his out next to hers. "We'll start out easy, okay?" She led him through a series of deep breathing exercises that were meant to center him and prepare his body for what they were about to do. The first pose was easy enough to figure out. Sukhasana, she had called it, and while he struggled to stay completely still, he was proud of himself for being able to at least get one pose. "Now, we'll move to Adho Mukha Svanasana," she announced quietly after a few poses. "You probably have seen this one but it requires a bit more muscle strength than you may imagine." He stayed on his mat and watched as Katniss pushed herself up from the prone position they were just in, up onto her hands and feet, her arms and legs straight and her back angled up. The urge to get up and slide his hands up her legs to cup her ass was strong. He wondered if she could take him in that position, if his cock would thrust into her with the right angle to make her come. She was short enough that she'd be the perfect partner for him for that position. His chest pounded and he felt a light sweat build over his forehead. "Your turn," she said, looking over at him with a sly smile. He took a deep breath and attempted to push himself up the way he saw her do. It was more difficult than he imagined and he felt his shoulders begin to shake slightly. It didn't help