Katniss Everdeen did her best to ignore the pitiful looks she was receiving from her fellow patrons as she readjusted her dress for the umpteenth time that night and reached for another piece of bread, only to remember that she finished the last piece fifteen minutes ago. This wasn't her kind of scene and the looks she received when she first wobbled in made it clear that they didn't think she belonged here, either. It didn't matter how many parties she was forced to attend for her job at Ernst & Young; fancy and formal, she was not. She didn't like people paying attention to her in general, but it was especially true when she was embarrassingly alone in a fancy restaurant, surrounded by couples ringing in the New Year together. "Excuse me, Miss?" The old waiter, who served her the two glasses of wine she had practically inhaled as the reality of the situation began to sink in, smiled sadly at her. "I'm sorry to have to do this, but I've been sent here to ask if you'd rather have a seat at the bar. This section is typically reserved for couples and since it is one of our busiest nights..." he trailed off, his intention clear. Katniss' face paled as any patron who hadn't been whispering about the 'poor girl' now had their eyes unabashedly glued on her. "I'm sure my date will be here any moment. He's probably just running late, what with Times Square the way it is." "Miss, you've been sitting here, alone, for forty-five minutes. I don't think he's coming." She could tell that he was trying to be as comforting about it as possible, but no kind words could soothe the lump rising in her throat. A few of the women watching let out 'tsk' sounds and attempted to hide their smirks behind overpriced glasses of champagne. She looked down at herself; a red dress that was too revealing for her personal preference lay over a corset and garter set. The boning dug into her ribs and she couldn't get a full breath while sitting down, but it pushed her breasts up to places they had never been. Her hair was styled and she was wearing makeup for the first time in who knows how long. And then her secret weapon, the fanciest, most uncomfortable pair of shoes she owned - black 5" heels with a peep toe and flashes of red underneath. All of which were ultimately because of her sister, Prim, who told her that New Year's Eve was the time to "replace that stick up your ass with some D." The girls spent all day at the spa getting waxed and primped in preparation much to Katniss' chagrin, as she was fully intent on spending the night curled up on her couch eating take-out and watching old black and white movies like she had done every year since moving to New York. But as soon as Prim found out it had been almost nine months since Katniss had had sex, she set to work on finding her older sister a date to relieve that itch. Katniss didn't like the lengths the younger Everdeen would go to break her dry spell, so she agreed. And just her luck, her blind date and 'sure thing,' stood her up. "If you'd like to take a seat at the bar-" Katniss shook her head. "No, that's alright. I'll just pay my tab and go." The waiter laid a gentle hand over hers as she reached for her clutch. "No, Miss," he winked. "It's on the house. Pretty little thing like you should be out having fun tonight. Maybe the odds will be in your favor elsewhere. Fortune does favor the bold." She thanked him, holding her resolve until she retrieved her coat and hailed a taxi, with no intention of being bold unless that boldness led her to comfort food. "Where to?" "Um, anywhere I can get good, cheap food at this hour and away from the mess," she said, her stomach grumbling loudly. The cabbie looked her over and nodded. "I know just the place." He pulled up in front of 'Greasy Sae's Place,' a small diner that looked deserted, save for the old woman wiping down the counter. "Here you are, Miss. Best burgers in the city, I swear. Make sure to get one on the cheese bun, it's their specialty." Peeta Mellark slipped into the kitchen of the diner unnoticed. He was supposed to have this shift off work and he knew he'd never hear the end of it if Sae caught him at 8:45. It wasn't exactly his fault his date didn't bother to show up and he got hungry. He wasn't going to pay over $100 for a meal when he could get something far more satisfying here. The diner was Peeta's first job- a busboy when he was sixteen. Even now, nearly fifteen years and multiple promotions later, it was still the only place where he felt at home. The kitchen staff, mostly made up of first-generation Portuguese, took the boy under their wing, teaching him about spices and techniques they learned from their mothers, telling him stories and teaching him phrases he could say without anyone knowing what he was actually saying. They never questioned him when he would stay late or pick up extra shifts over the holidays, but the fading bruises on his arms when he'd roll up his sleeves or on his back when his shirt would accidentally ride up told them that the Mellark household was not a suitable place for the sweet and gentle boy. The cooks even let him experiment in the kitchen once he proved he could handle anything on the line. It was during these times of "experimentation" that Peeta created, and eventually perfected, the infamous cheese buns now used on their burgers. "Ah, Peeta!" Alfonso, the long-standing head line cook called once he spotted the blond man. " Feliz ano novo! " " Você também ," he answered back, slipping his suit jacket off and hanging it on the already full coat rack near the back door. He greeted the other chefs who looked at him in surprise. "Mind if I whip something up, para mim ?" The cook laughed and stepped aside. "Of course! We are slow tonight. Closing early." "Your esposa will be happy to have you home at a decent hour." "Order up!" The crackled voice of Sae, the owner and head waitress who initially trained Peeta, barreled into the kitchen. "Aussie on Cheese with Fries. Peeta Mellark, if that's you, you'd better march yourself out of this kitchen and back to that fancy schmancy restaurant, you hear me?" Peeta clamored up to the pass to greet his old friend. "Why, Sae, you say that like you don't want me here!" "Aren't you supposed to be on your date, meu filho ?" she asked with a pointed look. Sae was always the mother Peeta wished he had. She at least cared about what was going on with his life, congratulated him on his grades, and listened to him whenever some girl stomped on his all-too generous heart. He smiled sadly. "She must have had a better offer." "Nonsense, Boy, there's no better offer in this city than you." "I'm sure she was nothing special. Not compared to my best gal." He winked at her and she laughed as she whipped the dish towel at him. "Got anything I can help with?" "No, meu filho , we're closing up early tonight and I'm almost done cleaning down all the tables. If you're going to eat, you'd better put your order in now. I'm sending the cooks home as soon as they clean up." She pulled the plate off the window to deliver it to the only patron left in the diner – a petite woman in the back corner booth, who was alternating between sipping her iced tea and checking her cell phone. He tried not to stare at her as Sae attempted her typical small-talk, but he couldn't keep his eyes off the few tendrils of her raven-dark hair that fell out of the intricate up-do. Or the way her lips pouted slightly as they remained fixed in a scowl. "Peeta," Alfonso's voice broke him of his spell. The cook handed him his own burger on a plate with a knowing wink. " A sorte favorece os audazes. " Alfonso nodded his head toward the back corner, where the woman was now picking at her food. Peeta let out a slow breath and made his way to the empty booth next to her and caught Sae's arm on the way. "If you want to go home, I can close up tonight when I'm done." Sae glanced over her shoulder to where Katniss was sitting and smiled. "You close up tonight and I'll give you tomorrow off." She handed him the keys from her apron pocket and meandered back up to the counter, shaking her head and chuckling about "young kids" and "New Year's Eve." He slid into the empty booth and watched her, cutting into his burger so he didn't come off as as some creep who just stared at beautiful women in diners. Katniss could feel his eyes on her, even though he was trying to play it cool. It only added to her annoyance, however, that she couldn't avoid the awkward stares even in a place like this, where she should feel infinitely more comfortable than 'Chez Manual'. Yet again, she couldn't help feeling like she didn't belong which only increased her desire to go home and put on her sweats. At least they'd never stand her up or look at her like a freak. She was prepared to tell the guy off for being a creep who just stares at women, but when she turned to him, she was caught by a pair of deep blue eyes unlike any she had seen before. She forced herself to turn away before he could see the excited flush that overtook her neck and cheeks. Nine months was a long time to go without sex. Too long, if only a look could make her stomach twist in that familiar, yet missed way. To be fair, she told herself, He's not completely hideous to look at. She convinced herself that it was just his sun-kissed blond curls, deep sapphire eyes and that chiseled jaw line with just a hint of blond scruff that elicited the reaction. It wasn't pathetic or an indication of how much time she spent in the office rather than being social, which her sister often accused her of doing. "Do you want some more tea?" Those were the first six words he spoke to the woman. He had run through plenty of others in his head that he hadn't dared saidaloud. Not yet, anyway. "No, thank you." Those were the first three she said to him. They were the only two left in the diner, a fact she missed until she looked around. "Are you sure? I'm going up for a refill so it wouldn't be a problem." He offered her a reassuring smile when she peered over at him. She eyed him, much like an animal of prey watches their catch. He thanked his lucky stars he had ample experience in appearing confident when nervous. Peeta slid out of his booth and reached for her cup. "My treat." "Aren't refills complimentary?" she smirked when he flushed and began stuttering an apology. She wasn't going to deny how attractive he was, or the effect a few quick glances had on her. Maybe Prim was right and New Year's Eve was the right time to break her dry spell. Go out with a bang, so to speak. And what a bang she imagined him to be. She reprimanded herself for such thoughts. There was no way this man could be single, let alone