"Dr. Mellark? Your 1:00 is here." Peeta thanked his receptionist as he bustled in after grabbing lunch and glanced over to the waiting room where a wispy brunette rocked in the plastic chairs across the way. "Annie?" he called gently. Her head snapped up and her mouth made a small "o" as she took him in. He hung up his coat and walked over to her with a smile. "I'm Dr. Mellark." "Peeta," she said in a hoarse whisper, as if testing her voice for the first time. "Yes, Peeta. I believe Dr. Aurelius referred you to me, is that correct?" She nodded, unable to take her wide, green eyes off of him. "Peeta Mellark," she repeated. "You're a Victor." "I graduated from Michigan, so I suppose you could see it that way," he chuckled. This wasn't the first patient like Annie that had been referred to Peeta; he was one of the leading psychiatrists specializing in adolescents and children. Patients often reported feeling as though they could trust him more than their previous doctors and were more willing to talk to him than anyone else. Perhaps it was because he looked so young himself, or his charming smile, or soothing personality; whatever it was, he quickly gained a reputation in the field for being able to work with some of the more "hopeless causes." Annie Cresta had been passed from doctor to doctor over the past five years before she finally found her way to him. He had read her file at least a dozen times before her appointment but still found the girl to be a total mystery. "Would you like to come back to my office and we can get started?" "You're a doctor?" she asked, following him down the hallway to his office. Once inside, she peered cautiously at the degrees and awards hanging on his wall. "You're a psychiatrist. Huh." He could tell she was talking to him, but she was in her own world. She smiled sadly at him. "I think it's very brave that you chose this profession, Peeta." She sat in the oversized chair across from him, her foot bounced rapidly and her fingers twitched in nervousness, but she didn't say anything more. It was certainly one of the strangest beginnings to a session he had ever had, but judging by her file, he couldn't say he was terribly surprised. Though none of the doctors before could put a definite description of her behavior, they all had one word in common. Odd. Never quite enough for a full-blown diagnosis of schizophrenia, but there was "something 'wrong' with Annie Cresta." Their first few sessions were frustrating for Peeta. He couldn't figure out how to get her to say more than a few sentences at a time. Then she would shut down and seemingly disappear into her own world. When she was lucid, she looked at him as if they were old friends, smiling shyly at him, laughing at his jokes. It gave him hope that there was some connection forming with the girl and he just had to latch on at the right moment. A month in, that moment finally came. He spotted a bit of ink on the inside of her right wrist. It was the first time she hadn't worn a long sleeved t-shirt to the session. "You have a tattoo?" he asked. She rubbed her wrist and smiled wistfully. "Yes. I got it when I was younger." "It couldn't have been too long ago - you're not very old now." She giggled. "You're awfully sweet, but I'm almost twenty five now." He furrowed his brow slightly but quickly schooled his features. According to her file she was only 17, but perhaps this was the key. "Are you? Well you certainly don't look it." A fierce blush covered her face. "You always were the charmer, Peeta." "We've met before, then?" "Oh yes," she affirmed. "But, um, but I don't want to talk about that." "That's alright, we don't have to." His smile seemed to pull her away from whatever dark memory flashed through her mind and across her features. "Would you like to tell me more about your tattoo?" Annie turned her wrist over, revealing a finely detailed trident that stretched from her wrist, halfway up her forearm. "Isn't it lovely?" "It certainly is. What made you get it?" "It's for Finnick," she answered, dreamily running her pointer finger over the intricate swirls inside the handle of the weapon. "Who is Finnick?" That name had come up in her file before, but there was never an explanation as to who this mysterious man in Annie's life was. Before, whenever she had talked about him, she covered her ears with her hands and began rocking back and forth, muttering to herself. He mentally prepared himself for the scene and was surprised when she glanced up at him instead. "Finnick is the man I love." "Your boyfriend?" "My husband." Her left hand was free of any ring. There were no personal contacts in her file, only a few caseworkers who had taken a special interest in her well-being and her primary caregiver at the hospital where she was staying. Annie Cresta was not married nor in a serious relationship. "Your husband?" "He was," she nodded sadly. "But…he died." "How did he die, Annie?" She chewed her bottom lip and scrunched her eyes closed. He watched as the finger that had been tracing her tattoo froze in its place as she seemed to ride out whatever was happening to her. "He was killed. Decapitated, from what I was told. By a lizard mutt, down in the sewers." "You believe he was decapitated by a lizard mutt?" "No," she shook her head violently. "Finnick would have fought off the mutts. Like he did in the arena. No, that couldn't have been how Finnick died. I think sometimes they lied to me about his death. They lied so that they could have a martyr and they're just keeping him from me." Her eyes flashed open, filled to the brink with tears. "He'll find me, Peeta. He promised he'd never leave me again." "Hello? Earth to Peeta!" Delly snapped her fingers in front of Peeta's face. He blinked and shook his head. "What?" She and Madge shared a look and an eye roll. "Our table is getting cleaned. Should only be a few more minutes. Where did you go off to, Head Boy?" she asked, playfully tugging at his messy curls. He slapped her hand away. "That's Dr. Head Boy to you, Missy." "Oh please, Peeta," Madge giggled. "We've been your friends forever. We won't call you 'Doctor'. You should know that by now." Peeta laughed at what he knew to be true. He, Delly, and Madge were childhood friends who all ended up in East Lansing together. Madge followed a girl who eventually broke her heart. Delly got a job teaching at the high school in Mason and opted to drive the 20 minutes to work everyday rather than live in the tiny town. And every Thursday night, they met for drinks at Hay's Bar and Grille. They were the only adults in the bar, usually overrun by college students looking to start their weekends early and cash in on the cheap pizza and beer, providing the trio with free entertainment. "There's a booth open over here though," Delly suggested, pointing to the booth right next to the one they always sat. Peeta felt his face flush and cheek muscles twitch. "Ah, no, that's ok. I can wait." Delly rolled her eyes again. "Jesus take the wheel, Peeta Mellark. You are a doctor who can't figure out how to talk to a pretty girl. Were all your fellow residents fugly witches or something? Just for that, I vote we sit in her booth." "I second," Madge piped up. "She's cute, maybe I want her to serve us." "You two fucking suck," he mumbled. " We are the only reason you ever get laid anymore, Mister," Madge corrected him. "But we'll be nice. Tonight." She dragged him over to their usual booth and sat next to him, trying not to snicker when he grinned as soon as he saw her walk by. Long, raven hair braided down her back, a hint of olive skin peeking out the bottom of her t-shirt as she leaned on the table to talk with her customers. He couldn't really help himself; the sight of her was enough to make him feel like a schoolboy all over again. He didn't know her name, but Delly and Madge loved to call her "Peeta's Awkward Crush" because the handful of times they interacted over the years, usually just her helping their server with food or drinks, the normally easy-going and silver tongued boy stumbled over even the simplest of words. He knew she didn't notice him, she never had any reason to, but he couldn't help but wish she would. He wondered what she did for fun when she wasn't working, what her hair felt like, and just what shade of grey her eyes really were. He wondered what she smelled like, tasted like, and sounded like. There was something about this woman that affected him unlike any woman had in the past, something even he couldn't explain. She was a bit of a fantasy for him and while he did want her, he didn't want to lose the fantasy he created about her. So they never sat in her section. And he only watched her from afar. It was safer this way, he reasoned. He could handle the teasing from his friends but didn't think he could handle shattering the illusion he created for himself. "How have you been this week, Annie?" Peeta asked at the beginning of another appointment. It had been a few months since Annie first came to his office and she was easily one of his favorite patients. Her symptoms had calmed down around him; she was less prone to covering her ears and rocking or just yelling when she was uncomfortable, as she had done earlier on. She told him stories about growing up around the beach, even though she was from Michigan as well, and about her dates with Finnick. Slowly, he began unraveling the world she created in her head. She shrugged. "It's been ok." "Is there anything specific you want to talk about today?" "I wanted to say thank you," she said in a quiet voice. "For what?" "For the cake you decorated, for mine and Finnick's wedding. I know I've thanked you before, but I had a dream about it last night and how beautiful it was and I just…I just wanted to say thank you. Again." He watched as she fell into a dream-like state when she described her dream to him. The cake certainly did sound like a work of art; swirls of blues and greens to make waves cascading throughout, dolphins splashing and playing on a few layers . It was as if the cake were as alive as the sea itself. "You said I decorated that for you?" "Oh yes. It was the only time they let you out of your handcuffs." Her features saddened. "You were calm around me so I never understood why they handcuffed you in the first place, but you always insisted it was for everyone's own good." "Annie," he leaned forward in his chair and rested his hands on his knees. "You've said before that we've known each other in the past." She hesitantly nodded. "Do you want to talk about how we knew each other?" She eyed the room suspiciously, backtracking her vision over everything in the office. "Is it safe to talk here?" He furrowed his brow. "Of course, Annie. Everything you tell me is confidential, remember?" "No, I mean," she dropped her voice to a nearly inaudible level, "Willthe Capitol know we're talking? Is this room bugged?" She jumped up from her