Peeta pulls up to the small Seam house and feels his eyebrows rise into his hairline. He still can't believe Gale's mother allowed - no - demanded that he stay with them. He sighs, ready to tell Hazelle that he'll just crash at his own parents' house, even though he'd rather make the four hour drive back to campus and miss his high school's homecoming football game than stay under that roof. But as soon as he decides that's what he'll do, Gale comes bounding out of the house to welcome him. "Peet! Dude, I'm glad you're here. I'm dying in this house," Gale jokes, embracing his college roommate and high school friend in a bear-hug. "Seriously. The kids are bouncing off the fucking walls. I need someone my age to talk to." "Aww, thanks Gale," Peeta answers, resting his hand over his heart and pouting. "Good to know what you keep me around for." Gale laughs and waits for Peeta to swing his backpack and duffel bag over each shoulder. "Come on, man. I'll show you to your room. And don't listen to Rory, you don't have to bunk with Vick." The two walk in and are immediately accosted by Gale's younger siblings. Posey, who's just four years old, screams and runs at Peeta. He has just enough time to drop his bags and open his arms to scoop the little girl up. "Peet-ah!" She laughs, wrapping her skinny arms around his neck. "I missed you!" Peeta laughs. In high school, he spent more time in the Hawthorne house than in his own and was around Posey all her life. He and Gale have been best friends for years, so by default, Peeta is close to the rest of the clan. Gale jokes that Posey usually asks about him rather than Gale when he calls home. "Hi there, little flower." "Did you get my drawring?" She asks, snuggling her head against his neck as he shifts her to his hip. "I did. It was very pretty." Gale laughs from his new-found spot on the couch. "It's hanging up on his wall, Pos." Her little brown eyes grow wide as saucers and her mouth drops. "Really?" Peeta nods with a smile. "Sure is. It's my favorite one so far." He leans in close to Posey's ear and in a whisper just loud enough for the room to hear, he tells her, "Gale's just jealous that I get your best drawings." Posey giggles and sticks her tongue out at her older brother who feigns hurt and collapses against Rory, who falls against Vick in a dramatic domino effect. Peeta can't help but feel envious of the easy nature these siblings show one another. He loves his own brothers, of course, but they aren't nearly as affectionate and playful with one another. "Posey?" Hazelle, Gale's mother, calls from the kitchen. "Young lady, where are you? You were supposed to be putting away your cray-" she pauses as she enters the room and sees Peeta. "Peeta! You made it!" She wipes her hands on her apron and crosses the room to embrace him, squashing Posey between their bodies. Hazelle kisses his cheek and pats the other. "How was the drive?" Peeta nods and sets the squirming Posey down. She runs into the kitchen, presumably to finish picking up her crayons like her mother wants. "It was good. A little construction on I-70 but nothing too major." "Good. I'm so glad you decided to stay with us." Hazelle never questioned it when Peeta would stay at her house three nights a week during the school year. It only took one black eye on the blonde boy for her to understand. She knows Peeta is safer at college than he ever was at home, and while the thought often made her pity him, she's also glad he finally is out of that house for good. "You know you're always welcome, dear." Peeta flushes at her tone. He knows she knows. He assumes Gale told her long ago, but he's thankful she never brought it up to his own parents. "Thanks." She pats his cheek again. "You want to go put your stuff away? You'll be bunking with Gale, if that's alright?" "Just like I'm used to," he answers, shooting a glance at Gale who was now teaching his brothers the wrestling moves Peeta used to teach him. "Thank you, Hazelle. Really. I ... uh ... I really appreciate you letting me-" "Hush," she answers. Resting her hand between his shoulder blades, she points up the stairs. "It's the third door on the left." "Right," Gale calls from under the pile of Hawthorne boy limbs. Hazelle scoffs and rests her hand on her forehead. "Oh that's right. Left is where Katniss and Prim are sleeping. Aisley is out of town this weekend so the girls are staying with us. Third door on the right." Peeta nods stiffly, trying not to let Hazelle's nonchalant announcement register on his face. The Everdeens are the Hawthornes' cousins, just as much a part of their family as he was at this point. Prim is Rory's age and Katniss...well Katniss is only a year or two younger than him and Gale and is the first, and only, girl he fell in love with. They were just kids when they met the first time but it was enough to plant the seed in Peeta's mind. In high school, she tooled around with them whenever she could, since she wasn't very social on her own. It annoyed Gale to have his cousin around all the time, but Peeta loved it. He took her under his wing and would fiercely defend her whenever he could. He tried not to let it show how bothered he was when strangers would assume she was dating Gale. Or when she would go out on dates with other losers from their year. Or when she laughed at him asking if she was going to prom his senior year. She'd always tell him he was basically her cousin as well, only less annoying. He knew that it didn't matter how much he wanted her, she didn't want him back. During his and Gale's graduation party, she showed up in an orange sundress, with her normally braided raven-black hair down in soft waves around her shoulders. If it was possible for his heart to grow and break at the same time, it did. She hugged him harder than she ever had before, refusing to let go until she absolutely had to. And he could have sworn he saw tears glistening in her eyes when she finally told him "good luck" and ran off. And here, on his first trip home after moving to school early, he's with her again. Just his luck. He hitches his bags back onto his shoulders and slowly begins the trek upstairs, closer to her. Peeta pauses at the third door on the left. It's slightly ajar and he pauses, contemplating if he should peak in on her. Just to say hi , he tells himself. They're friends, right? Or at least friendly. He pushes the door just a touch and finds her, alone, napping on the air mattress on the floor. No doubt she's giving Prim access to the more comfortable twin bed. She looks so peaceful when she sleeps, the hard scowl she often wears replaced by a relaxed face that is breathtakingly beautiful. She looks younger, less worn and bogged down by the responsibilities she's taken on herself. He leans his head against the door and watches her for a few moments, wanting so much to lay down beside her and wrap her in his arms. He shakes that visual as quickly as it comes. It'll never happen and all it does is hurt him more every time he wishes that's what she'd want as well. With a sigh, he turns and enters the opposite room, which already looks like a tornado ripped through it. Gale is definitely the guy who makes himself at home anywhere he goes. Peeta was thankful when he moved onto campus two months before Gale did, just so he could have a clean space for a while. Once classes started, Peeta was lucky to see the floor on Gale's side of the dorm. Peeta slips his bags onto the spare twin-sized mattress and slumps down next to them. He fishes his phone from his pocket, checking the text messages he got while driving. One from his brother about a party after the football game. One from his dad with the same instructions as always. Text when you get in, Peet. A few random ones from college friends asking what he was up to this weekend. Nothing was too urgent, save the one from his dad, so he types a short reply and tosses his phone onto his duffle. He leans back against the pillow Hazelle has provided for him and wonders if he'll have enough time for a nap before Gale needs more rescuing from the siblings. He's not sure how long he's been out, as the dull roar from downstairs is about the same as it was when he came upstairs. The slight fuzziness of his brain tells him he most definitely fell asleep, but not for long enough. He rubs his eyes and stretches his arms to get the feeling back into them. He steps outside of his room and heads toward the stairs when he hears it. At least, he thinks he hears something; his brain is still groggy and he's nearly 90% sure he's hallucinating. Because there's no way he heard what he thought he heard. "Uhh." Oh. No, that was definitely it. Again. Coming from Katniss' room. He crosses the hallway and peaks back in, his mouth dropping. The blankets are kicked clear off of her, exposing her entire body; the tank top that clings tightly to her lithe frame, the white lace boy shorts that he can't tear his eyes from. He pushes the door open about a half an inch further, freezing when the hinge lets out a squeak. Fuck. He squeezes his eyes closed and sends up a prayer that she won't wake up and see him. But Katniss is no longer sleeping. Her eyes may be closed, but her movements are too deliberate to be acting out a dream, and a knowing smirk is playing on her lips. Shit . He swears the entire house - including Katniss - can hear his heart racing, and that she's going to open her eyes and catch him. But her eyes remain closed and he allows himself to exhale softly. Her hands roam her body, starting at her hips and sliding up her sides. She cups her breasts and caresses her throat. She tangles her fingers in her hair, then releases them and lets them slip back down again. He watches as her body slinks and rounds, following the motion of her touch. He knows he shouldn't be standing there watching her. This is clearly a private moment that she means to spend just by herself and with no onlookers, especially her cousin's best friend who, according to her, was just as much a cousin. Just remembering that make watching feel infinitely more wrong, but he can't look away. There she is, just lying there. But so obviously not just lying there. Her fingers roam over her body as her hips continue their dance. He feels the familiar fire building in the pit of his stomach. He's thought of her like this before. Many times, even if he had given up hope of ever seeing her like this. Not that he ever imagined he'd see her like this . Lying in bed and waiting for him. He could easily convince himself that she was thinking of any other guy, that she was just being an 18 year old girl who figured there wouldn't be anyone else upstairs, but he doesn't want to.