Katniss stared at the deep purple polo Seneca Crane was holding out to her. She tentatively reached for it as if it could grow teeth and snap at her fingers. She hated her school colors, not at all convinced that purple and gold actually looked good on anyone. More than that, she hated that the research lab she worked at suddenly decided to enforce the archaic dress code and insist that all the student researchers needed to look like they worked for the university. Her direct supervisor, Dr. Beetee, grimaced when he handed her the official memo. She felt slightly better knowing he was as opposed to this new rule change as she was. Not that he could do anything to prevent it, but at least he could sympathize with her unpleasantness about the situation. "Still a small, right, Katniss?" His beady eyes roamed over her petite frame. She cursed the early summer heat for forcing her into shorts instead of her normal jeans. She crossed her arms and scowled at him. "Yes," she snapped, "Please." He rubbed his well-manicured beard, aptly detailed with tiny flames. "I'll have to get them from the back, we're all sold out up here. Mind covering the register while I'm gone?" He squeezed her bare arm and walked past her without giving her the opportunity to refuse. Katniss huffed. When she was a freshman, she took a temporary job as a stocker at the university bookstore over winter break. Seneca, the manager, was so impressed by her that he kept her on staff ever since, but almost always in a position that didn't require her to actually interact with customers. Her awkward social skills were only made worse when she started doing research in the biology lab during her junior year and spent too much time studying dung beetles alone in the basement. She couldn't really complain about running the register at the moment. Summer session was set to start next week, so the bookstore wasn't as busy as it would be the day before classes, when students finally realized summer classes weren't fluff and they would actually have to work. There were two types of summer-school students; those wanting to graduate a semester early and those who hadn't successfully transitioned from high school to college and needed an opportunity to make up for those D's and F's they got during the year. The pair of girls now making their way toward the front counter now fell into the latter category. "Can you believe it?" One of the overly tanned, bottle-blondes said to her friend, setting the stack of four novels onto the counter. "It's like she actually expects me to read all of these this semester. Hello, it's summertime!" The other girl, an equal shade of orange, scoffed and fished her phone out of her purse. "And did you see the syllabus she emailed out? Two page reflection papers over each book? Don't these professors realize that we have other classes?" "Seriously. And a thing called a social life." The first girl giggled. "They're so damn old they probably don't even know what that means anymore. Could you imagine running into one at a bar? They'd probably want to talk about the literary content of the drink selection." The second girl set an 'Intro to World History' book on top of the pile. "This is so stupid. Who cares if I failed Western Civ? Hello, we live in America and I passed American History. Plus, I'm going to teach elementary school, not history." Katniss let out an involuntary snort at this comment and felt the two girls finally acknowledge her presence with a sneer. She couldn't be sure because she kept her head down as she started scanning their purchases. "Whatever. Oh, the Pikes are having a party tonight. You in?" Of course they'd be going to a fraternity party. She hadn't missed the golden Gamma Phi pin on their tank top straps. The Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity was notorious for having wild parties before and after every semester, with a few thrown in to celebrate things like "midterms" or "spring break" or "Friday." Katniss went to one her first semester with her randomly assigned Gamma Phi roommate and ended up kneeing a senior 'brother' in the crotch when he drunkenly tried to unbutton her pants in the middle of a conversation. Needless to say, her roommate moved out at the end of the semester and Katniss never went to another frat party. "Have I ever turned down a Pike? Please." The girls giggled again, making Katniss want to gag. She hadn't meant to listen in on their conversation and now she wished she hadn't. "Did you find everything you were looking for?" she asked in a flat, bored tone. The first girl stared at her for a moment and then broke out into the most artificial smile Katniss had ever seen. These bitches get better at being fake every year. "Yep. Thanks." "Ok, that'll be $417.52." The girl handed over a platinum credit card which made Katniss roll her eyes. Nothing like using Daddy's money to pay for books they'll never read. She started filling the thick plastic bags with the books. "Remember that if you want a full refund on any of these, they have to be returned within the first two weeks of the semester. Otherwise you'll have to wait until finals." "Thanks for the reminder." As soon as the two turned from the counter, they whispered something to one another, looked over their shoulders at the counter, and began giggling loudly. Underclassmen girls like these irritated her, especially the ones who felt like they deserved to be in college without having to work for it. Maybe that was because her parents instilled the value of an education in her from a young age. Or because she actually had to work to keep her grades up for her scholarship. "Who needs world history?" she mimicked the girl's haughty tone. Resting her head in her hand, she let out a loud groan. "Just fucking kill me now." "Well, that's not exactly the most positive attitude to take going into the new semester." A hearty voice answered. Other than those two girls, she hadn't seen any other customer in the place. And that voice was definitely not Seneca's almost comical, high-pitched voice. She began to panic, sure that if a customer heard her swearing and told her boss, he'd fire her. He liked her well enough to occasionally leave her in charge of the store over the summer, but she was pretty sure that was only because his other employees had lives and homes to get back to when school wasn't in session. "Sorry," she mumbled, raising her head. "Don't even worry about it," he answered, shaking a stray blond curl away from his sapphire blue eyes. He was attractive enough, just barely taller than her but was obviously someone who spent more time at the gym than in class. He looked far too comfortable in his low-hanging Under Armour gym shorts and over-priced Nike's. He certainly didn't look like the "graduate early go-getter," so she assumed he was just another summer school make-up if the 'Introduction to Psychology' textbook cradled in his elbow was any indication. "I stood behind them for about fifteen minutes while they tried to figure out what psychology book they needed. Turns out neither of them were even taking psychology this semester." She snorted. Not in the cute, Julia Roberts way, but in the obnoxious, I laughed so hard I snorted like a pig way. She closed her eyes tightly, as if it could reverse time and take back the noise. When she opened them, he was still there. Smiling. At her. She told herself it was just those unrealistically blue eyes that made her act so unlike herself. The eyes and maybe that stupid grin. The eyes, that stupid grin, and the lone piece of hair that fell haphazardly across his forehead in a way that made her want to brush it back. Wait. What? Shaking that thought from her mind, she opted to keep her own eyes on the computer screen. He slid the psychology textbook across the counter so she could scan it. "You sure you want to buy this new? We have plenty of used copies that, that are cheaper." "Nah, I've never been a fan of used books. I don't want to try to figure out what someone else thought was important. Probably ended up spending a couple thousand dollars extra just on books, but that's the price we pay for a quality education," he joked. She knew he was expecting her to laugh at his comments, but she couldn't. Brand new textbooks weren't a luxury she could afford, even with her 25% discount. Her student loans were high enough as they were without the added cost of no extraneous highlighting. She hadn't even bought used books from the bookstore since discovering how much cheaper it was to buy books online. Before that, she spent well over $300 and it took her the rest of the year to pay off her 'emergency only' credit card, since she could only make the minimum monthly payment. "Um, it'll be $93.67." He scrunched his eyebrows at the number. "For one book?" She sighed, and scanned the room for Seneca's return. She remembered hearing horror stories from other employees about customers flipping out over the price of their textbooks, like any of them had some sort of control over how much everything in the place cost. The publishers ship the books at wholesale price, Seneca bumps it up 20% for profit, and that's what they're left with. "Blame your professor for ordering such an expensive book," she muttered, making the mistake of catching his eye again. He stared at her for a minute, those blue eyes piercing through her, before he laughed loudly. "Got a new one this semester. Obviously hasn't figured out the system yet." "Most of them don't," she admitted. She thought back to the rants her lab partner used to go on about how professors and anyone else involved in higher education were too far removed to really understand the plight of the average student, ranging from time management to cost to the whole inequality of majors within the school. She usually drowned him out and went about the lab so at least they wouldn't fail. "Well, they don't really care. They don't have to buy the book, so the cost doesn't affect them." She heard herself drag out the last part of the sentence and cringed. He considered this, leaning in closer to her on the counter. "Then maybe the students should band together. Form a revolution of sorts." He smiled again and stood back up, pulling his wallet out from the pocket of his shorts. As he fished for his credit card, she noticed a bright gold card sticking out from behind his ID. "You're a University employee?" she asked. The slight raise of his eyebrow indicated his surprise and suspicion. "How did you know?" She pointed to his wallet. "You get a discount with that, 20% of anything in the store, including books." That discount card was the main reason most of the students tried to find on-campus jobs. They pay wasn't always very good but the discount card nearly made up for it. He slipped the card out with his thumb and handed it to her. "Thanks for the heads up. I just got the thing today so I haven't been able to try it out yet." She slid his card through the reader. "$65.57." "This," he said, shaking the card slightly, "Is a golden ticket." He reached for the plastic sack she slid his book into. Their fingers brushed slightly and she felt her breath lodge in her chest. "Two weeks," she said, her voice shaking in a completely uncharacteristic manner. At this point, she didn't think she