I'm not as well-trained as she is, but I can hear the key fumbling in the lock from across our house. My house, I remind myself. I drag myself out of bed and over to the window even though I know who's here. Sure enough, I see her little red Jeta, the one I bought for her birthday last year, sitting in its rightful place in the driveway, like it hadn't been for the past two weeks. Behind it is an old, black, Ford pickup. When Johanna hops out of the front seat of the truck, she instantly looks up at my window, at me. Her mouth twitches and she averts her gaze. I sigh and pull on the same pair of jeans I've been wearing since she left. I know why she's here and that thought alone makes me want to curl back up in bed and pretend like I wasn't home. She won't come up here anyway; I moved all her boxes to the living room when she called to say she'd be coming by to get her stuff later this week. I intended to be at the bakery when she came. But when I showed up yesterday, the assistant manager took one look at me and told me to go home. 'You need time to grieve, Peeta. You two were together for too long to pretend like this isn't affecting you. Go home.' When she told me she was moving out, my world fell apart. I begged her not to, said I'd do whatever it took to make us work. 'Do you not love me anymore?' 'Sometimes love isn't enough, Peeta.' She quietly packed her travel suitcase and left me in the silent wake of our destroyed life together. I stand at the top of the stairs and watch her move every box labeled 'KE' from the living room out the front door. Her hair is falling out of its braid into her face but she never pauses. She clearly wanted out of the house as quickly as she possibly could. "Is that everything?" Johanna asks, "I think so. I doubt he wants any of my stuff cluttering up his house." Her voice is cold and completely indifferent to the situation. "You really think that's why he packed everything up like this? Come on, you know Peeta better than I do and even I know he did it to make it easier for you." She snorts. "Or quicker." She takes the keys off her keyring and sets them in the glass bowl in the entryway. The final, heavy plink of the promise ring I bought her breaks my heart and the sob that had been stuck in my chest all morning is released. "I'm sorry, Peeta," Johanna calls into the now empty living room. "You're her friend, Jo. I wouldn't expect anything less," I answer. "You going to be okay?" I nod. Because Johanna Mason can cut through my lies about her better than anyone else I know. And if I tell her I'll be fine without the love of my life, it would be a lie. Her eyes narrow but she doesn't lecture. "Call Finnick. Don't be alone." "Peeta, you have to let me in because my hands are full of pizza and beer!" Finnick yells through the door, making a constant thud which I can only assume is him kicking. I laugh and wipe my hands on my jeans before opening the door. Sure enough, he's got two pizza boxes in his hands and has somehow managed to balance four six-packs on his fingers. "How many people do you think are going to be here tonight, Finn?" I ask, quickly grabbing the pizza from him. "It's just you and me." "Oh are you drinking today? I should have picked up more booze. Maybe some whiskey," he adds with a wink. I groan. The last time Finnick and I drank whiskey, I let my tongue get the best of me and told some poor girl my entire life story. Finn saw it as a success; the girl felt so bad for my pathetic life that she invited me back to her place and pounced on me the moment we got there. She was the first girl since her and it took every ounce of sobriety in me not to call out her name. "You're right, we'll save that for when we go out," he added with a wink, cracking two bottles open and handing one to me. "So what's on the agenda tonight?" I lift my bottle up face-level. "Drinking to forget, my friend." He clinks his bottle against mine and we both take long gulps. Finnick smiles at me when he sets his down. "The first year is the hardest, Brother." "Thank God. Because I don't think I could handle another one like this," I answer, taking another drink. By 11:00, Finn has asked if I'm planning on hanging myself from my shower curtain rod for the third time. And for the third time, I've told him that my only goal for today was to sleep until tomorrow, which is what I'd be doing if he hadn't shown up. Because tomorrow means it's been over a year without her. It seems to have worked this time because he pulls me in for one of his overly affectionate man-hugs and claps my back. "Year one is down. Year two is about moving on. You deserve happiness again, Peet." I make my way back up to my room. Nine months ago I donated all our bedroom furniture to the Salvation Army because I brought some random girl home and had a panic attack when I looked at her lying in our bed. On our sheets. She didn't belong there. Finnick helped me switch out everything the next day. I even bought a new shower curtain because she picked out the original one. Even now, knowing this was entirely my room, I feel so foreign in it. I open the closet and pull out a large cardboard box off the top shelf. I must have a sadistic side, going through my box of mementos on this anniversary. But here I am, with the few remnants of our life. Ticket stubs from a our first real date, a recipe card for her favorite cheese buns, an empty CD case of a band I couldn't stand but she seemed to love, the last pieces of mail that came for her, and a handful of photographs of the two of us. I flip through them and run my finger over her face to push that strand of hair that consistently flew in her face behind her ear. I miss that obstinate piece of hair because it was just like her. It's not the first time that I realize how much I miss her and feel the desire to call her. But with just enough alcohol in my system and these memories in my hand, that I give in. I don't remember what I said to convince her to come over. But here she is, sitting on my couch drinking wine. Despite how awkward this could be, I can't help but feel totally relaxed being with her again. She's got her back against one of the arms and her feet are stretched out, resting on my lap. She's telling me about how her sister recently acquired a baby goat when it slipped through a hole in the fence and followed her to her car. I'm hypnotized by the way the flame of the candles dance in her eyes and how her nose crinkles as she laughs. "I was surprised you called," she tells me, taking a sip of her wine. "How did you know I was looking for the case for 'The Amazing Jeckel Brothers?'" I laugh, reveling in this playful side of her. "I know how much you love 'Bitches'" She nearly spits out the wine from her mouth and covers her mouth. She leans up so her mouth is next to my ear. Her breath sends a warm rush through my body. "'Play with Me' was always my favorite." Suddenly it's not her breath on my ear, but her lips, lightly nipping at my earlobe. A groan rumbles from deep inside me. I turn and capture her lips with mine, holding her face steady. My fingers curl into her hair and I urge her mouth open with my tongue. She relents and I brush my tongue against hers, tasting the sweet Moscato she had been drinking. She lets out a soft mmm sound when I suck gently on her bottom lip, the one she bites on when she's nervous that always used to drive me crazy. We pull apart, both breathless and I lean my forehead against hers, keeping my eyes closed. "Peeta," she says in a breathy voice that I know all too well, even after a year. I snap my eyes open and she's setting her wine down on the table. "I've missed you." She kisses my top lip. "I've thought of calling you every day." She kisses my bottom lip. "I'm sorry I left." I don't believe her, but when she kisses me, I pull her down on top of me on the couch. Her hands run through my curls and mine are digging into her hips. At this moment she could tell me anything she wanted and I'd give in. I'd always give in to her. I flip her over, kissing her neck, savoring every inch of her exposed skin. She yanks my t-shirt off over my head and runs her fingers down my chest to my jeans. When she finally gets them unbuttoned, she uses her feet to kick them down to my ankles. As I move my hand to pull them off, she hooks her leg around mine and flips me onto my back. I cock an eyebrow at her and she smiles impishly. "What? You think I don't remember any of your wrestling moves?" I growl and pull her head down toward me, kissing her fiercely. She sits up and throws her own shirt over her head. I instantly reach out to unhook her bra, licking one nipple before blowing on it, eliciting the throaty moan I love. She arched her back, pressing her breasts closer to my mouth. I swirl my tongue around one nipple, then the other, while I unbutton her pants and push them off as quickly as she did mine. We know each others' bodies. A year apart is nothing compared to six years of this. It doesn't take either of us long before she's sinking onto me, gripping onto my shoulders hard enough to leave marks. But I don't care. In fact, it encourages me to suck on the skin between her breasts hard enough to leave my own. She'll complain about it later but for now, she's mine. "Hold on," I whisper gruffly in her ear as I slowly lift myself into a standing position. She lets out a squeal and tightens her legs around my waist. I move with careful urgency toward to the stairs. At one point I lose my balance and slam into the wall. It seems to play in our favor as I inadvertently thrust deeper into her. Somehow we make it to the bedroom and we fall onto my bed. She runs her hands over the sheets. "You kept these?" They were the only sheets of ours I kept. They were her favorite; a rich hunter green that she said reminded her of nature. I considered giving them to her but kept them initially out of spite. Now, watching her sprawled out on them, I wonder if my subconscious had a different reason. No, just your stupid romanticism. I shake that voice out of my head. I know she won't stay with me after tonight so I have to make the most of what I've got. And right now, that's the visual