Katniss Everdeen knelt in the soft, black soil outside her house, a pair of garden shears in her hand. The late summer sun was beating down on her back. She carefully cradled the primrose bloom in between her fingers, cut the stem with the shears, and placed it in the basket behind her. The basket was already filled with goldenrod and violets from the meadow. This was part of her daily routine, picking flowers, placing them in her basket, and arranging them for the dinner table. Day after day, after day. Dr Aurelius had said that having a routine would be good for her, and would help her recover faster. She wasn't sure if it was helping, but had been trying to stick to her routines for several weeks now, nursing the scraggly little primrose bushes into thriving plants. It made her feel good, she found, to help something grow, instead of destroying things, as had been the norm in the Games, and in the rebellion. These little flowers depended on her care, and being depended on was something she had all but lost since leaving the Capitol. The primroses were almost spent, their season started much earlier, first coming out in spring. These would be the last flowers of the season, but she could enjoy the greenery for a bit longer. She was mostly on her own, now. Her mother was helping people in the other districts, and Prim...Prim was gone. Dead. Not even her cat, Buttercup, depended on Katniss. He always did curl up at her feet on the bed, though, seeking warmth and companionship. She had tried to be nicer to him, since she doubted Prim would have approved of them not getting along. He ran past her now, a blur of fur, chasing and pouncing on grasshoppers. He was the one thing in District 12 that had not changed, still a surly feline by anyone's reckoning. Mostly everything had been destroyed in the bombing, and now everyone was helping to rebuild the district. Housing was going up very slowly, but fields were being plowed and sown with seeds. It reminded her the fields she saw in District 11. Now that she was on her own, she had no one to stay together for. She could completely fall apart, and it wouldn't affect anyone. Buttercup could manage without her. He would find some other human to feed him just fine. But then again, she wasn't completely alone. Her mother and Prim may have been gone, but Haymitch and Peeta were still in the village, and she saw them nearly everyday. Peeta did not always show up for supper. She always assumed that it had to do with the tracker jacker venom that still affected him, but she never asked. She remembered what Finnick had said what seemed like ages ago: that it takes ten times as long to put yourself back together than it does to fall apart. So, just for the sake of convenience, she tried to pick up the pieces of her life. She wiped the sweat off of her brow. It was ghastly hot, in late August. Her sleeveless shirt hardly offered any comfort. All she had managed to do was get nasty sunburns on her arms and shoulders. She had found an old sunhat of her mother's to wear to at least protect her face. Animals were scarce, seeking out the cool caves and crevices that she couldn't reach. Not to mention, she was competing with the other wild animals for game. She had managed to catch a rabbit earlier in the day, which was fortunate. She felt her stomach rumbling, and looked up from the primrose bushes. It was getting late, and she was ready for supper. Peeta would be over with bread soon, and she already had rabbit stew cooking inside. She didn't know how he could stand being so near the hot ovens all day. At least outside, a breeze would occasionally pick up and give her some relief from the sweltering heat. She quickly cut the last primrose, and instantly felt a sharp pain in her hand. In her zeal to get inside, she had sliced her hand open. It was not a deep cut, but it was bleeding a lot. She hoped it did not need to be stitched up. "Oh, damn," she grumbled, walking quickly to the water pump. She was dizzy as soon as she got on her feet, but she ignored it. The water flowed out luke warm. It had been so hot that cold water was hard to come by. She blinked as she cleaned the wound, and saw blisters all over her hands. She started, but bit her lip to stop herself. "It's not real." She blinked again. This time, red welts up and down both her hands, and stinging, burning, excruciating pain. She cried out and fell backwards, flat on her back. "Katniss!" And then he was helping her sit up, methodically checking her head for any bumps or bruises or cuts, wiping her hands clean with a damp cloth. "It's okay, Peeta," she said as he helped her to her feet. She wobbled a little, but regained her balance quickly. "I just thought I saw something that wasn't there." Peeta Mellark stared at her, brow furrowed. He touched her face, brushing her hair away from her eyes. "You're sure? You didn't hit your head or anything, did you?" "No, I just cut my hand." She shook her head. "I swear, these shears cut skin a lot better than stems." She chuckled half-heartedly, showing him her hand. "I should probably put something on it, it might get infected." Now there really was a welt on her hand, bright red and beginning to puff up. Peeta hurried her inside the house and sat her down in the kitchen. "Don't move," he said, before walking away to retrieve everything he needed. Before long, he was sitting beside her, dabbing her hand slowly. She winced at the sting of the alcohol. "I should find you some new shears. Those rusty old things aren't safe," he said quietly. "I'll look tomorrow. Greasy Sae might be able to hook us up with some newer ones." He took a clean cloth, poured more alcohol on it, and continued dabbing at the cut. "It doesn't look too bad. I wish you'd be more careful. What if I hadn't been right there?" "I suppose I would have spent a little longer lying in the dirt," Katniss replied, smirking. He frowned at her, but there was something playful in his eyes. Katniss watched him carefully cleaning off the dirt and the blood. His other hand held her wrist and he gently stroked her skin with his thumb. She stared at the scar on the back of his hand. That had been her fault, biting down on his skin when she had meant to bite the nightlock capsule. He was so warm. Strangely, that didn't bother her, even while beads of sweat trickled down between her shoulder blades. There was a closeness now, in this moment, between them that there hadn't been for a long time. It wasn't that there was any animosity between them, but their relationship had been a little strained. She had always felt that this was just part of the healing process, and things would return to normal. Whatever normal was. Nonetheless, they both always knew what the other was thinking. They hadn't lost that connection, at least. As if sensing her eyes on him, he glanced up, his blue eyes just visible behind his messy blond hair. She wasn't sure how it happened, but they were only inches from each other, and then her lips found his. He was kissing her back as his hand gently crept behind her neck, pulling her closer. She ran her fingers through his hair. She didn't know what had come over her, why she suddenly did this, why he was letting her do this. She didn't want it to ever stop. She wasn't going to pull away. She wanted more. But they broke apart suddenly, staring at each other, searching the other's eyes. She couldn't find any words and, for once, he couldn't either. "Anyone home?" came Haymitch Abernathy's sing-song voice. He was very close. Standing right above them, in fact. Katniss was mortified, but Peeta's face was unchanged. He had not taken his eyes off of her. She wondered if he even knew that Haymitch had walked in on them...well, gazing into each other's eyes. She was sure her face was flushed, partly from embarrassment, and partly from the heat of the moment. He reached his hand up and tucked her hair behind her ear, exposing a scar near her eye. Her hair had been all but completely chopped off after the explosion in the Capitol, and she was trying to grow it out again. It was difficult, because they had not cut it evenly, so she had to continually lop of sections of her hair to even them out with the others. It was getting longer, though, almost long enough to braid. Haymitch sat down at the table, putting his feet up. He was already drinking whiskey out of a clear bottle. "So, we're eating, right? I hate to break up this little love fest, but I'm starving." "It's not a love fest, Haymitch," Katniss snapped. "Well, whatever it was," he said, shrugging. "I'm still hungry." Katniss glared at him, then started to get up, only to be gently pushed back to her chair by Peeta. "I'll get everything. You shouldn't be moving your hand around too much until it starts to heal." He busied himself setting the table, and serving the stew and bread. She wished he would have let her do that. She would have enjoyed mostly anything better than chit-chatting with her former mentor right now. "What happened to your hand?" Haymitch asked gruffly, gesturing with the whiskey bottle. "It's just a little cut," she said dismissively. "Nothing to worry about." "It wasn't little," Peeta said, returning to the table. "Here, let me wrap it for you," he said, quickly unrolling some gauze and handing the plates to Haymitch. When her hand was sufficiently bandaged, he deftly cut the gauze with the knife he kept in his belt, and secured the wrappings. "Better?" Katniss nodded and dug into her stew. It wasn't the grand and glorious fare of the Capitol, but it was enough for the three of them. They had been sharing meals since Peeta returned. Katniss and Haymitch still didn't always see eye to eye, and Peeta was a good buffer. They kept up a polite conversation. Peeta, as usual, did most of the talking. When Haymitch finished the bottle of whiskey, he slowly made his way back to his own house. Peeta went with to make sure he made it. Haymitch had a bad habit of being falling-down drunk after their dinners. She was slowly cleaning up when he returned. "I thought you would have gone home," she said. "I didn't want to leave without saying goodnight." He took the dirty plates out of her hands. "Let me." He washed the plates off in the sink and handed them back to her to dry. "Erm, about...earlier," he said. "I'm sorry," Katniss blurted out. She didn't really know why this was so awkward. She had kissed Peeta many times during the Games and the Victory Tour. But this one was different. She kissed him because she wanted to. "I wasn't feeling well—I was delusional, and hungry, and—" "You don't have to apologize to me," he said. "I know what it's like to not be quite yourself." He gave her a small smile. "I should get going." He turned to go, with his hand on the doorknob, then stopped. "You'll be all right, won't you?" Katniss bit her lip. She still wasn't quite sure what was going on in her head, let alone in her