I. The early morning sea smoke that rolled in and wrapped its lean arms around the hill upon which Líriwyn sat was baleful and vast. It resembled sticky spiderweb strung out across the ragged rolls of grass covering the Riddermark, teasing the muddied ground and blocking sight from most on watch. After hundreds of years of standing watch most hours of the long and lagging nights, Líriwyn figured her intrigue with the pastoral stretch and craggy backdrop surrounding Rohan would have fallen apart by now. However that may be, the winking stars casting coquettish glances down upon the land, and the furtive climbing of mountain peaks closer and closer to the moon never failed to pique her interest. Though, this night was uncanny; Líriwyn picked up a scent carried by the wind that was entirely new to her, just as it was entirely old. The initial contact with this scent sent her into a short-lived frenzy as she troubled herself with the newness of it, but moments after she settled back into her lace slippers and realized how some similarity lay within the redolence, her mind bent and focused on curiosity in lieu of worry. What creatures have cast a perfume so old to me? Líriwyn asked herself. In the foothills of a faraway tor three horses galloped toward Edoras, cutting through the fog blanketing the valley of Harrowdale at a quick pace. Líriwyn squinted her eyes to see the riders of the steeds, though their forms were but blurs of earthen tones. The horses' quickening hooves carried the company of three indisputably for Rohan. Yet before she left to notify the royal guards, she noticed the creatures upon which the guests raced. They were three of the Mearas; Líriwyn had spent too long tending to the horses in the Royal Stables to not recognize them. And how would they procure the beasts of Rohan? Líriwyn gathered her skirts in her hands and left the tall, timber walls. As she walked speedily across the uneven grounds within the walls of Edoras, she passed the grey peoples of the city and felt spited by the bitterness of the Rohirrim. Once so lively in their gait, they now were ghosts of the gilded men who once roamed the land—now bleak of countenance and ashen of skin. Black and pernicious clouds sewn to the crown of King Théoden had cast long shadows over the people of Rohan. Líriwyn pushed the wooden portal of Meduseld open and was confronted with the seamstress. "My lady Líriwyn, Háma has told me he has seen your fair face afeard. Has some sight made ill your favor?" Gríma Wormtongue hissed from the place beside the throne of the king. From across the great Golden Hall, the king's counselor's pale eyes greeted her like eery pools beneath a dark elf's moon. He appeared nothing but a gargoyle upon the ledge of a king's sepulcher. Though this king was not yet dead, only poisoned by the snake behind Gríma's blackened teeth. The king's brain lay near paralysis in its cavernous cave, consumed by the bitter darkness. "Visitants near the walls of Edoras—three on our stallions. They ride South from the White Mountains, it appears; they ride fast." Gríma stopped to lean his heavy head unto the shoulder of the king. "My liege, guests have ridden in upon our beasts; their purpose unknown. Perchance a listen may bid well for us?" With a guttural grunt, King Théoden approved Gríma's wish. His mind was no longer hard, for Gríma's whispered words had altered it malleable. The doorward Háma left upon the orders of Gríma to prepare the gates. Líriwyn left the king's hall for the stone porch which overlooked the highest houses of Edoras. The Rohirrim looked to their eternal gentlewoman, with her hair so red and her svelte stature so stiff she looked as though the lasting torch of Rohan. Though nowadays her flame burned dimly and her fire was no longer hot enough to bring blood back to their wan faces. Éowyn appeared beside her, dressed in a fine white gown. As the banderole of Rohan flew overhead with the hard wind that had torn it from its pole, Éowyn spoke aloud: "Théodred has passed in the night." Líriwyn looked to the elegiac visage of her companion. "This I know." "And unmourned was his death by his own father," she spoke. Her eyes then captured the arriving guests, who drew close to the capital's gates. "Who is this company?" "Not even I know whether friend or foe, but company nonetheless." The gates creaked open with a somber song, reminding Líriwyn of the last time they had been so noisily opened and closed—behind Éomer and his cavalry upon their permanent leave. The deliverance of the three guests from the exterior to the interior of Edoras was careful, and also surprising seeing the city's general dearth of attentiveness of late. Four guests came—the horse Beadurof carrying two. Only one did Líriwyn recognize, and that was Gandalf the Grey. Yet his hair was bright like mithril and a dusky cloak lay elegantly 'cross his shoulders. No other countenance was beyond notice aside from a pale-haired passenger, one of the two atop Beadurof. His hair was bright like that of Gandalf, but gloriously alive in comparison to the weathered hair of the old wizard. His eyes were grey and his ears were tipped delicately. Daresay, another elf? Líriwyn felt an age-old excitement quicken the pace of her heart. Not in many men's lifetimes had she met another elf. Perhaps this had been that peculiar scent that had so moved me before? Its familiarity old, its rarity new. The gentle thump of hope rang clear in her head, but Líriwyn's ears were suddenly assaulted by the sound of dresses flying. She turned to see Éowyn's fair hair float behind her as she reentered Meduseld hurriedly. Líriwyn called and ran after her, but not before accidentally tying a direct line between her own eyes and those of the elf who rode Beadurof. On wise toes, Líriwyn did not trip and fall over the folds of her emerald green dress. For too many times had her feet been caught on silks and linens, sending her flying forward in a cumbersome wreck of vermillion and porcelain. She ran like a deer—quick and nimble—after the billowing wings of Éowyn's dress. "Éowyn, you are well aware I can outrun you!" Líriwyn reminded her prey. Once they had rounded the frontal stretch of Meduseld, Éowyn slowed. "Pray tell, child—from what do you run?" Líriwyn asked sympathetically. "I fear for Rohan, Líriwyn, and for the King. Long has this winter lasted, and bitter has it been. Not even Théodred, great warrior and prince, could endure this agony… And great shame follows me when I cannot help but think—is he lucky to have lost this battle?" Éowyn cried. Thick rivulets coursed from her woeful eyes, sending salty drips to the curve of her jaw. Líriwyn tilted her head and looked at Éowyn with empathy. As lives of men carved on and she remained, Líriwyn had faced great hopelessness that had bitten into her own heart; ergo she too knew the sting of despair. "My dearest child," Líriwyn hushed Éowyn just as she had hushed her when the grown woman was a bawling infant. "I have seen many winters, some as bitter as this—when the wind was harsh and the news harsher. These winters are not easily thawed, and too many of us fall waiting for their ends. Though those of us who do are fragile in heart, and ever since the day you were born did I know your heart was strong. You and I both will wear the loss of Théodred heavy on our hearts, but we will remember him for his courage and his gallantry, his kindness and his honesty, and we will wear these pieces too. And with these, and your own powerful heart, I am sure you cannot fail. Nor will Rohan." Éowyn was weak in Líriwyn's arms, shaking like a tree in thick rain. The maiden did not cry often, Líriwyn remembered even as a baby this was true, but when she did she cried hard. However she was interrupted by the sound of calamity echoing from the hall, and Éowyn did wipe from her cheeks her tears and run for the origin of the sound. In the far distance, the curved tips of Líriwyn's ears picked up the voice of a stern and grounded Gandalf: "Hearken to me!" Then a withered laugh she knew all too well; a laugh once bright that had been poisoned by a foul and evil script. Éowyn broke into the central hall's opening, running for her uncle but being held back by the steady arms of a man unknown to Líriwyn. Gandalf dressed in robes of white and held his staff high. The power of the words that left his sage and wrinkled mouth moved with such a force Líriwyn felt knocked over by the sheer swing of their weight. King Théoden arched his curved spine painfully against his wooden throne; his eyes widened and revealed cloudy plates to the sky. Had Líriwyn not been held steady by a gentle hand she would have perhaps faltered from Gandalf's expanding power. In fact, Líriwyn felt steadied, grounded, secured in place, anchored—more so then she'd ever felt. It was a sensation felt in the twitch of the tops of her fragile ears, felt in the part of her mind that knew she was unique from every other Rohirrim, felt in her fingers which weighed heavy with rings of time, felt in the mithril bound eternally and tightly 'round her neck that had been given to her by her mother so many twelvemonths ago. Though unsteadily, Líriwyn looked for the identity who caught her whilst the fate of her king unfolded. Painting the blues—not the greys—of his eyes was the scent which had haunted her. It enveloped her entirely as she looked upwards to the face of the other Elf; the only other Elf she had seen since her mother. His features were sharp yet achingly agreeable on the canvas of his fair skin. A golden glow filled the hall, and the overhang of malevolence vanished. Every hair on Líriwyn's body stood and the very purpose for her placement in the Rohirric courts was revitalized. A power to defend the king; a true and red-blooded king. "Éowyn… Éowyn is your name," the ready voice of the King Théoden came to life in her head, and her mind refocused as she lunged for the throne. "Oh, my king!" Líriwyn cried, weeping on his knee beside Éowyn. "And Líriwyn—whose mystic light is the only I could see behind this black bane! Never have I seen your magic falter so—" "My lord, 'tis the evil of this earth which grows that halts me—hereat, I have failed Rohan," she stood slowly and turned for the scullion of Saruman. "And you, you loathly snake!" Líriwyn headed from the throne and toward the slime before her, which looked to the king for mercy. "My liege, this dog has lost her head! I have only ever served you, and whilst this creature befouled your mind and sought power of her own, I have kept you from all harm!" "Enough!" King Théoden's voice loudened across the entire hall. The metallic movements of guards and cheers for joy were muted by the king's bellow—for long had it been since they had heard such a mighty, virile voice. The king advanced toward Gríma, sending him crawling in the opposite direction like the worm he was. "Your leechcraft… would have had me crawling on all fours like a beast!" "See the truth, my lord! 'Twas her!" Gríma pointed a crooked, accusatory finger at Líriwyn. "This eternal Shieldmaiden of Rohan has served us since the times before our greatest forefathers, and yet you say yourself better than her. You are lucky she has not slew you in