Author's Note: This was written for the Hunger Games Spring Fling exchange over on archiveofourown for the lovely Salanderjade. For those of you that have not read The Time Traveler's Wife by Audrey Niffenegger, this might be a bit hard to follow, and I apologize for that. (Also, I highly recommend the book. It's truly fantastic.) When I first saw Salanderjade's prompt for a THG/TTW AU, I couldn't help but want to play around with the idea of the Capitol's plans to hijack Peeta leaving him with this predicament instead. I hope that anyone unfamiliar with the book still enjoys this story, but more importantly, I hope that Salanderjade enjoys it most of all. The first time that Katniss Everdeen ever speaks to me, I am 32 years old. She is only twelve, but absolutely pissed. And I can't say that I blame her, really. I know for a fact that this is the first time that she's ever run across anyone here in her little cabin in the woods. Much less a grown man that she's never seen before, sopping wet and hurriedly dressing in her father's clothes. It was only the edge of the lake this time, thank goodness. I really should take her up on that offer for those swimming lessons one of these days... For such a tiny thing, her tongue is already sharp as she berates the stranger in front of her. Despite her yelling and the stomping of her foot, I can't help but marvel at the sight in front of me. At how tiny she is; much smaller than she ever seemed to a twelve year old me. At how her grey eyes dart from my face to the worn and patched red sweater pulled taut across my shoulders, the space between her brows knitting into a scowl. At how that scowl is the exact same back in the place where she's 32 as well, and waiting on me. I joke that it's payback for the eleven year wait that I endured before even speaking to her, but I know that this is different. Nowadays, Katniss is always waiting on me. The one in front of me though is still irate, and fussing with the sleeves of that old, brown leather hunting jacket. It's so big on her frame and makes something inside of my chest ache. Until she throws at rock at me, catching me on the mouth. My lip starts to bleed, and even though I know it would hardly show up against the deep red of the sweater that I wear, I don't dare try to use it to staunch the bleeding. I press my hand to my lip and hope that it helps. She turns on the heel of her boot toward the wall, still giving me an earful, but refusing to face in my direction. I'm still naked from the waist down, and years from this time and place, she'll tell me that this moment was instrumental in the aversion to nudity that she had for so long. From a dying, sixteen year old version of me on a riverbank, to the boisterous, Quarter Quell version of Johanna Mason in an elevator car. "It's okay. I'm a friend of your father's." The words are not a lie, but they are still tinged with guilt that I hope goes unnoticed. She turns slowly, her chin tilted down as she gives me the quickest side-eye that she can manage. Satisfied that I'm now fully clothed, she looks up. Her gaze rests on the window behind me regardless. "My father's dead." I had surmised as much from the gaunt look of her cheeks, and how the skin on her hands seems to be stretched impossibly thin over the bones in her tiny fingers. She's out here hunting, though. This means that I've already thrown her the bread. I send a silent 'thank you' to the small, bruised version of myself that exists back, past the fence, in District 12's town square. "Does that mean that I can't be a friend of his?" She takes a moment to think the question over. Katniss is smart, always has been, and while she might not have paid attention to me growing up, I know she always paid close attention to her father. And I do not look like any of her father's friends. From the blond curls on top of my head and the pallor of my skin, to the lack of coal dust underneath my fingernails. I've got to think fast. "He told me that you had excellent aim, but I guess I never thought that I'd find out this way," I say, pulling the hand from my mouth. Still bleeding, damn. Her eyes pull up to my face, and I can see that I've got her now. I remember, vaguely, a time when she told me that was what had helped soften her to my presence. Well, maybe not soften, but it's what left her curious about what else her father had told his friends about her. Curious about the man that her father had been outside of their home at all, really. "Fine," she says, reaching down to pick up the still slight game bag from its spot on the floor. She wipes her sunburned nose with the back of her hand and starts for the door. "You can stay... but you can't just hang around naked even when I'm not here. It's too cold for that. And it's rude." I watch her through the window as she walks back into the woods. Her braid comes untucked from the collar of her shirt as she turns to face the cabin once more. My hand lifts before I even think of it, and I offer her a small wave. She sees me and takes almost a full thirty seconds before returning the gesture. The scowl is gone, but there's still no trace of a smile on her face. Stepping back from the window, I feel myself start to fade. I barely have the time to catch myself, the sturdy, polished banister that lines the stairs to the second story of our home slamming hard into my armpits. I come close to biting through my damn tongue as my chin hits the wood, but it's certainly not the first time. Looking around as I move to sit, it's all too simple to see how easy of a tumble it would have been to the bottom of the steps. Katniss is pretty sure that she's seen me older than I am now, though. Hell, I'm pretty sure that I've seen myself older. But while that means that the fall wouldn't have killed me, I think that I still have the right to be thankful for an unbroken neck. At least, I'm thankful until the light in the hall upstairs clicks on and I realize that a tired, worried, and very newly pregnant wife might break it anyway. I wasn't gone long this time. A few hours, maybe? But before this - less than a week before this - it'd been closer to a month. I know that the time away is hard on her - that she needs me more than she'd ever let on. Especially now. (Even if, in so many ways, she's still the same, independent, hard headed girl that needs absolutely no one in order to survive.) I look up just in time to see her come into view, and give her the smile that I know she'll only roll her eyes at. It's hard to stop myself, though. I'm happy to see her; from the weary, pinched look of her face, to the still flat plane of her belly underneath the thin, cotton nightgown she wears. I'm always happy to see her. Her eyes, rimmed in red from where I can tell she's been crying, but know better than to comment on, skim the length of my body quickly. I might not have been gone long, but we both know that it doesn't take a lot of time for things to go wrong. I never know where I might end up during one of my episodes, or what I might have to do in order to get by while I'm out there. More often than not, I'm far from safe. "You're bleeding," she announces, sounding as tired as she looks. My chin still hurts like a son of a bitch from its collision with the banister, so I'm not surprised. I raise my hand to my chin and attempt to wipe away any blood. She's already turning toward the bathroom, no doubt to grab a towel or some bandages, but the puzzled look on my face when my hand comes away clean must stop her. "Not there." She takes a step forward, and soon my eyes close at the feel of her fingertips brushing gently over my lower lip. For someone with a nickname like hers, her skin is consistently cool to the touch, and always feels good when pressed against my own. "Here." A corner of my mouth twitches up, and I can tell that she's getting ready to roll her eyes at me again, or tell me that there's nothing funny about the situation. I take my hand and smooth out the skin between her eyebrows, speaking before she has a chance to. "Yes. Well, you threw a rock at me." Her eyes soften, and she covers my hand with her own. There's even the slightest hint of a smile on her mouth. "You were naked," she deadpans before letting out a soft laugh as she lowers herself onto the step next to me. She rests of her head on my chest, her ear pressed just over my heart. "It was traumatizing." "I don't hear you complaining now, Mrs. Mellark." The first time that it happened, I was back -hitting the cold, linoleum floor of the room they kept me in with a thud- before I'd even finished throwing up. I don't remember much. Other than the splitting headache and two significantly painful landings (once on a rocky gravel path that lead to a place I'm not sure that I'd ever been, and the second on the aforementioned floor), the shock of it all was the only thing that really registered. That shock was hardly exclusive. That much was obvious by the confused exclamations, orders being barked, and the crashing of medical and torture devices alike being sent to the floor by an errant limb. I was unclear on whether or not said limb belonged to me, seeing as how everything already hurt. My ears were ringing and it made everything sound muffled, and like I was underwater, but it was apparent that whatever happened was far from what they had expected. For a brief moment, I'd thought that it had finally happened… that I was dead and that they wouldn't be able to hurt me anymore. That they wouldn't be able to use me to hurt her anymore. I had no idea at the time of what they had taken from me. That they had destroyed a promise made back in a snowy, cold District 12, in a darkened bedroom as Katniss had been slipping into a slumber so deep that she might not have even heard it come from my mouth. She'd asked me to stay. I'd told her always. But that's a hard promise to keep when you're constantly going where she cannot follow. I can't tell what time I'm in, or whether Katniss or her father was the one to build the fire that I'm currently very grateful for. My back hurts from scraping large chunks of skin off on the tree that I came to against, and I've opted to forego the sweater that's tucked away for me. I must have been out for a while because my toes are still far beyond just being blue; the feeling in them is only coming