Wow, it's been a while. Just finished BoO and thought...what now? So I decided to write a few short...("short")... stories again about what takes place after :D I'll also be writing in other POV's, especially Leo's, but thought it would be nice to start from the classic... Anyways, enjoy! Three old ladies huddled together in a dimly lit room facing a little TV screen. They watched intently as a reporter went through today's news. A woman's voice blared over several sirens. "Several plumbing systems in the Manhattan core were severely damaged today, with some eyewitness reports saying they saw fire hydrants bursting open along 5th Avenue. We also have reports confirming that union station has flooded. The cause of the incident remains unknown; however authorities have rules out a suspected terrorist attack" The TV screen shifted to a view of the statue of liberty. Where giant waves were crashing on the island. Then one of the old ladies took out a roll of yarn with a pair of scissors and set them on a table ahead. The door to the room opened, an in came Ms. M, a nurse at the Harlem Retirement Home, with a food cart. She gazed sadly at the screen, which was now showing hoards of people running away from the waterfront. "Oh my," She said, "Fate is an awful thing. It turns when you need it the most." The old lady rolled up the piece of yarn and put the scissors aside. She then looked up at the nurse and nodded. Percy was totally going to flunk his math test. In fact, he just found out he had one. Geography and history he could handle, even Latin, but Math was another world. "You better not mess this up," said Annabeth as they entered their class. "Aw really? I was looking forward to failing," Percy said as he got kicked in the knee. They only had a few more months in this lousy school left, and then it would be off to new Rome. Percy remembered when he had told Annabeth his plans, and how dumb they had sounded then, but now, it was going to be a reality. They took their seats as their teacher; Ms. A marched into the class. She had hair that looked as if it had been sucked into a vacuum cleaner and had yellow stained teeth, probably because of all the coffee she was always drinking. These last few months, she had made Percy's life hell. Actually, scratch that, Percy wanted no more to do with that place. The only good thing about the class was that Annabeth was with him. "SEPARATE YOU DESKS, AND TAKE OUT A PENCIL," Ms. A roared "THIS TEST WILL BE OUT OF 25 MARKS" The desks groaned as the class moved them, or maybe the students were the ones groaning. The teacher handed out the paper and then sat down on her chair, watching the class as if she were about to lash out any second. Maybe if she taught more instead of sitting in her chair the entire day, we'd all do better , he thought. Going back to school had been kind of awkward for them both. Just a few months back, they were battling giants and saving the world. It was hard to make any friends as well. Hey what are you doing after school today? Oh nothing, just killing monsters and saving the world. Percy took a look at the test and sighed. Well, maybe he wasn't going to fail completely. He actually remembered some of the concepts Annabeth had taught him when they did their homework together. The test was on trigonometry, which wasn't so bad, if you were a daughter of Athena. Percy took one look at the paper. " Nadrians"- no wait, it said Radians, sorry. Being dyslexic didn't make it any easier. He finished the test as best as he could and handed it to the teacher. She grabbed the paper, looked at it up and down. "You cheated," She said blatantly. "WHAT? I never even-" "I saw you looking around; I'll have to take some marks off now" "Listen lady, I have no idea what you're talking about," Said Percy. "Well then maybe you'd like to visit the principal, so that he can make you understand." Said Ms. A. She took the test and placed it in a folder. She then returned to a book she was reading. The book was titled " The Red Pyramid ", whatever that was supposed to be. Percy slowly walked back to his desk and took a seat. He watched as Ms. A took a sip of her coffee and placed it back on her desk. Then he got an idea and a mischievous grin stretched across his face. The next time his teacher went for a sip, he focused his energy on the cup. Maybe he had gone too far, because the lid on the cup busted open and coffee flew all over Ms. A's face. She shrieked as the class erupted in laughter and ran out of the room. Percy looked to his left and saw Annabeth glaring at him. After school, he split off from Annabeth and made his way over to his mom's apartment, which wasn't easy considering he had what seemed like a dozen textbooks in his backpack. As Percy walked down 35th Street, he remembered the first time he had seen his mom with Paul after the Giant war. Sally Jackson was so shocked and excited when he had come over unannounced. They'd eaten blue cake together. As he was about to enter the apartment, a rusty taxicab pulled by, with three ladies inside. Two of them had no eyes, while the other had just one. "Want a ride?" One of them squealed. He noticed the other two were fighting over who got the eye next. "Not today," he told the grey sisters. "Well you're a lousy tipper anyways!" said one of them as the car veered off and dissolved into the air, just before crashing into a tree. Percy made his way to the elevator. As he waited for it to come down, he was joined by a tall man wearing a suit and a fedora. Percy noticed that the man had a necklace with an Omega symbol on it: the last letter of the Greek alphabet. He grinned at Percy. "Great day, isn't it?" He said. "Um, yeah" Percy replied. Even though the man had said nothing wrong, something about him made Percy nervous. The elevator opened with a ding and the two entered. The man pressed the floor Percy was going to, and then his own floor number. "Stayin' Alive" played in the elevator as they moved up. "Thanks," Said Percy. Something still didn't feel right. Percy thought it was probably just his paranoia again. It had been a while since he had any contact with someone who wanted to kill him, which was new. Percy knocked at the door to his apartment, and his mother opened it quite abruptly. She had a dazed look on her eyes, as if she had just woken up. "Percy!" she said, "Gods, how are you? Come in!" She looked at him and then looked around. She ushered him inside and closed the door. "I was just about to leave for work," she said, "But it's okay, I still have a few minutes." He remembered something his mother had told him, after the war. You're getting too old for me to be telling you what to do. Trust your own judgement and do what you think is right. That's the best thing you can do, Percy. Whenever Percy would visit, Sally Jackson would make sure to hear all the stories of Percy's adventures with the others on the Argo II. Even talking about it brought good memories, but a lot of bad ones. He'd chosen to believe that Leo was still alive, somewhere out there. He half expected him to pop up in camp with that stupid grin on his face. But they had all learned to continue on…for Leo. They wouldn't forget about him, but would make sure the life Leo had given them was well earned. Besides that, tonight was Capture the Flag. Jason and Piper would be coming to Camp Half-Blood to take part. "Percy, these stories you've told me…we should write a book!" Sally said as Percy laughed, "No really, I know this writer, his name is Ric-" "Or it could be a movie," Percy said. His mother frowned, "It would be a bad one then…" "Probably," Percy agreed. After they'd shared a blue muffin, Percy decided it was time to leave; his mom did seem to be in a rush. "Hey I'd better get going; I'm meeting Annabeth tonight for…" His thoughts trailed, "Where's Paul?" The light that had been flickering in his mother's eyes went off, she got that 'far away' look, "He's…at work" By the way she talked; it seemed as if she were picking her words carefully. He thought little of it knowing that her job at the candy store had been stressing Sally out. After getting another muffin to take back to camp Half-Blood, Percy said his goodbye and left the apartment. He had a date tonight, and this time he would not forget. Still, something felt a little weird about his mom. He walked towards the exit of the building and looked around. The lobby was quiet with only a man in the corner table reading a book. The receptionist was typing something into her computer. As he was just about to leave the apartment, Percy stopped dead in his tracks. His face flushed. The man he'd met in the elevator, the one who wore the suit, Percy had never told him what floor he was going to. Percy uncapped his pen, riptide, and ran back to his mom's apartment. He could feel something pounding against his ribcage. How had he not noticed this before? He burst through the apartment door, and hoped for the best. Knowing demigods, Percy knew that the "best" never really did come. He searched the apartment only to find that it was empty. He would have assumed that his mother had just left for work, until he saw that the windows were open, a cool breeze flowing in. He looked out the window and saw nothing but orange, red, and brown. The colors of fall. He looked at the moonlace that grew in the apartment balcony. It looked withered and hopeless, as a leaf fell down. Anger grew inside Percy as he made his way back to the elevator. He had made hundreds, maybe thousands of enemies in the past. He was not going to let his mom pay the price. As he walked by the halls of the apartment building, he heard water pipes break, followed by a scream here and there. Percy stepped into the elevator, his anger was now boiling. Why would anyone want to take his mom? The Titans were defeated, and so where the Giants. Who wanted to mess with demigods now? The elevator played "Stayin' Alive" again. Percy punched the speakers so hard that the metal frame was dented. He made his way out of the building and walked along the road. He figured he was somewhere on 5th Avenue. Percy had no idea where he was going. He was confused, angry and once again, felt useless. He felt as if he had let his friends on the Argo II down over the summer, and now his mother… As he walked down the road, fire hydrants began to explode as he walked past them. Everywhere around him, terrified mortals ran for cover. With the mist being so strong, Percy wondered what they were actually seeing. Whatever it was, it couldn't be good. He hated hurting his own city, but Percy couldn't control it, which made him even angrier. He had no idea how