A/N: WARNING : This fic is going to be dark. There will be depravities, Polyandry, torture, abuse, war, non-consensual sex, satisfying smut, infant mortality rates, and the list goes on. I have truly let the freak flag fly for this one. I hope that you find it as riveting and irresistible as I do. Establishing a Dynasty September 19, 1997 the Gringotts Goblin's presented Lucius with a key. Now armed with an old prophecy and a contract, the Malfoy's change the tides of war. Their focus on one ferocious lioness. Hermione/AbraxasxLuciusxDraco. 1 The first thing Hermione heard was one of the lesser Death Eaters running up the Dungeon steps yelling about their escaped prisoners. Hermione felt a moment of relief and then the fear crashed around her. Harry and Ron had left her to be tortured further in Malfoy Manor. Tears streamed down her face as she realized that they had left her to die. She understood that Harry needed to live; He needed to defeat Voldemort. She really did. That didn't stop the feeling of abandonment that flooded her. Bellatrix stood, leaving Hermione's prone form on the floor of the drawing room to go search the dungeons herself with fear-filled eyes. Voldemort had already been summoned and that meant they would all pay if Potter had truly escaped. Hermione could hear the shrill panic in Bellatrix's voice as she ran down the stairs to the dungeons. Hermione laid still, waiting for it all to end - waiting for someone to notice her. Hoping and praying that it wouldn't be Greyback, Hermione tried to melt into the floor. She covertly tried to move but when her body didn't respond, she closed her eyes. She couldn't bear to see what was coming. Hermione flinched as she felt strong hands gently lift her into a strong firm chest. At first, she panicked thinking that her time was at an end. The man was careful though, moving her smoothly so that her battered body wouldn't be jostled more than necessary. Not caring who was offering this kindness, she buried her face in the spicy smelling robes. His arms pulled her closer and she felt safe for the first time in months. She tried to tell herself that whoever had her, most likely wanted something from her and she should be on her guard. Her brain wanted to be scared but her body melted into the embrace. "Lucius, in here!" A feminine voice whispered urgently. Hermione looked up at her savior, staring in shock as Mr. Malfoy cradled her to his chest. He looked rough as if he had been on the business end of Bellatrix's wand more than once. Carrying her effortlessly, he walked purposefully into the room his wife bid. She shut the door securely behind them. "Can you stand, Miss Granger?" Lucius asked. "I don't know." She whispered. "Try." Narcissa pled, smoothing a hand over Hermione's curls. Lucius and Narcissa looked at each other in worry. Lucius put her feet on the ground, holding onto her waist to keep her steady. Hermione nodded as she held herself erect. "Good girl." Lucius murmured before he let her go. Draco walked up behind her and silently took his father's place, supporting her so that she wouldn't fall. "It's okay Granger. We've got you." He muttered, his strong arms wrapped around her body. It was surreal, feeling safety with the Malfoy's. Lucius walked in front of her and held up Hufflepuff's cup so that she could see it. "Do you know what this is?" He asked. She refused to answer. Saying anything could ruin everything. Lucius put his hand on her shoulder. "She definitely knows." Draco whispered. Her throat tightened with anxiety. She would die before betraying Harry, even if Lucius smelt good and Draco wasn't being a complete arse. "Can you destroy it?" Lucius asked urgently, his steely grey eyes meeting and holding her amber ones. She was shocked, wondering how this would betray the cause but going out on a limb, gave a small sharp nod. He smiled at her before looking at the door, his lips pulled into a frown. They could hear Bellatrix stomping around the house. "We don't have much time." Draco murmured, his body surrounding hers as he leaned in so that his parents could hear him over her shoulder. Narcissa pulled Hermione out of their grip and put her beaded bag around her neck and arm. "I had the house elves put some food in here." Narcissa whispered. Hermione watched Lucius as he put the cup into her bag. "I don't think I will get much more use out of this," Narcissa wrapped Hermione's fingers around her wand. "Draco will lead you out of here. Please, don't let the Dark Lord win." Tears burned in Hermione's eyes as she realized that the Malfoy's were protecting her, helping her escape. "But I am Muggleborn." Hermione told them confusedly. "And we will be dead soon and the Malfoy family with fade in the way of the Black's. I am sorry, Miss Granger. I can't ever make it up to you, the way I treated you but I can protect you long enough for you to get out. Help Potter save the world." Lucius whispered. To Hermione's complete shock, he pulled her into his chest and kissed her forehead. His large hand smoothed down her spine, stroking her as if she were a nervous filly. Once he let her go, he stepped back and was quickly replaced by Narcissa. She wrapped her long thin arms around Hermione's shoulders. Her trembling fingers absently smoothing her curls. "Let the last thing we do be for the betterment of wizard kind." Narcissa said as she kissed her temple in the same place as her husband. It was curious the way they were treating her, as if she were a beloved family member. Hermione would have to think about it later. Draco threaded his hands with hers and tugged her to the large floo in the back. He looked back at his parents for a moment, fear flooding his face before he slid an emotionless mask in its place. "Andrex Cottage." He said as he tossed floo powder in before pushing Hermione through. "Good luck, son." Lucius's quiet voice broke as he studied his son's face for what would probably be the last time. Not trusting himself to speak, Draco nodded his head at the both of them. His parents were sacrificing their lives so that Draco and Hermione could get out. Draco knew that it was a long shot for him to survive by running away but staying was certain death. He tossed in the floo powder before stepping into the emerald flames, looking into the melancholy face of his mother once more before calling out his destination. If this was to mean his death, he hoped that his father was right about the outcome. They now put all of their hopes into one tiny Gryffindor lioness. Draco Malfoy met Hermione's wild eyes as she waited for him. He smirked at her, a weak imitation of what it once was. "Where are we?" She asked. "This is a small cottage at the edge of the property. It was gift from my grandfather to my grandmother when they were alive. It has been useful to smuggle things in and out under the Dark Lord's nose." He muttered. "Let's go. He is already at the house." His jaw was clenched, fear in his eyes. He grabbed her hand, pulled her out of the cottage behind him and set a brutal pace, running full out for the forest with their hands still connected. "Once you get past the first row of Birch trees, apparate. They are the boundary of the property; the wards end there." Hermione's scream caught in her throat as Voldemort appeared to their left, his wand leveled at them. Draco pushed Hermione out of the way, helping her dodge spells as they ran. Untangling his hand from hers, Hermione began to panic once more. "Disarm me! Quickly!" He said to Hermione. She acted on instinct, too used to making on the fly decisions. She knew that he was a dead man without his wand but if he wanted her to disarm him, there must be a good reason. "Expelliarmus." She muttered, catching his wand in midair. "Good Luck Granger!" He said grimly as he stopped and turned around. He held his hands up, palm out, wrapping the family wards around his body wandlessly. Hermione kept running, instinct screaming at her to turn around and help but she couldn't. It was as if her body was compelled to keep running. Tears streamed down her face as she realized what he was doing for her. He was giving her enough time to escape so that she could destroy the cup at all costs, no matter the sacrifice. She looked back only once to see Draco crumple to the ground, dead. She was held spellbound for a moment in the red flashing eyes of Voldemort before twisting away into the tight tube of apparition. She was free. She stood shuddering, her arms wrapped around her body for warmth and comfort. The Malfoy's had died for her so that she could escape with the cup. All three of them protected her instead of running. She owed them a life debt that she had no idea how to repay. Why would they do that? Why did they act like she was important to them? It was very confusing. She dug in her bag for the galleon that she had charmed in her fifth year for the DA. This was the Trio's contingency if they ever got separated but she had changed hers so that only Harry and Ron's would respond. It wasn't long before they showed up, hope and wariness set on their faces. Their wands were wisely raised, pointed at her. They were smart to believe they could be entering into a trap but when they saw Hermione standing alone and battered, they ran to her, wrapping her in their arms. "We tried coming back for you, 'Mione! The wards were too tightly set to penetrate. We thought that we lost you!" Harry said. "How did you escape?" "The Malfoy's saved me. They died so that I could escape with the cup." She sniffled. "They died?" Ron asked in disbelief. "The cup, the Horcrux ?" "Yes, the Horcrux! Mr. Malfoy put it in my bag before they smuggled me out. You-know-who killed them. They gave me their wands." "They who?" Harry asked, eyes bright with excitement. "Narcissa put hers into my hands and I disarmed Malfoy." "Well done!" Ron said smiling. "If they were helping you why did you disarm him?" Harry had a grim look on his face. "He told me to. You-know-who caught up to us right before we crossed the wards. Malfoy met him wandlessly so that I could escape. I had just enough time." "Let's go to Bills." Harry said looking around suspiciously. Ron leaned in and whispered in her ear. "Bill Weasley lives at Shell Cottage." With a sickening squeeze, the Trio stood just inside the wards around Shell Cottage. The moment Hermione realized she was safe, great wracking sobs tore from her body and her legs began to shake, unable to support her body. She fell to her knees, her face buried in her hands. The day was catching up to her. The fear of capture, the torture, the abandonment, the unexpected help, and their subsequent deaths crashed around her, making her grief more profound. How could she repay them if they were dead? She felt strong arms lift her for the second time that day. She looked up at Bill's scarred face and a sob stuck in her throat. For one breathless, irrational moment, she thought it was him. **HGHG** Two years later The Trio looked at each other grimly and knew that this was the end. They had traced