Written for the Crazy and Random challenge. Prompt: Write about a wedding Once Dumbledore defeats Voldemort and binds him for transfer to Azkaban, the Ministry decides that is not enough. The Minister of Magic, Pius Thicknesse, performs an archaic marriage ritual that binds the husband as much as the wife. The only candidates are woman who are powerful and virginal. Unfortunately, Hermione draws the short straw. Au where Dumbledore lives and the Trio still go Horcrux hunting year seven. Dark!Hermione Convergence Chapter One: Corruption It was the moment that they were all waiting for, the final battle. Harry, Hermione, and Ron destroyed almost all of the Horcruxes only to find the last was right under their noses this whole time, which made the great wizard Albus Dumbledore slightly embarrassed. After everything he told Harry and his brilliance at locating the others, it never occurred to him to look around the school. Rookie mistake. In the end it was a matter of two powerful wizards and the chess pieces they called soldiers. Dumbledore and Voldemort were locked in a severe duel in a perimeter that none, no matter how accomplished could breech. Their wands were blurred as the two weaved in a complicated dance with death. One casting to kill and the other to subdue. It was obvious that the two wizards were evenly matched in power and imagination. Individual battles over the grounds of Hogwarts came to a halt as the soldiers, light and dark, waited on the victor. It was a shocked yell that alerted the Death Eaters of their master's fall. Some stayed and fought until they either died or were captured but the majority left, running to the hills as fast as wizardly possible. Dumbledore stood weary over the disarmed and bound form of Lord Voldemort. Hundreds of panicked cracks of apparition filling the air as the dead were left to be dealt with by the victors. Hermione Granger stood to the left of Harry, dirty and bleeding. She smiled for the first time in months as relief washed over her. Voldemort was finally caught. She knew it sounded terrible but she wished Dumbledore had killed him. That would ensure he wouldn't be coming back. After all, they did destroy all of his Horcruxes. The Aurors began surrounding him and made sure he was ready for transport. It made Hermione uneasy when Pius Thicknesse walked onto the battle field. "Well done! Well done." He said clapping slowly. "Minister." Dumbledore frowned. "A little late aren't you? How can I help you?" "We are putting him in Azkaban. Give him a little taste of what that's like, being surrounded by Dementor's all the time." "Minister, I strongly suggest you think of something else. It is no secret that the Dementor's were on his side for this war. Also, I find it highly unlikely that incarceration alone will hold him." "I agree headmaster. Which is why the Ministry has come up with a solution. We have settled on the debitum ligare ." *Marital binding -English to Latin -Google translate* "Oh really? And who are you going to sacrifice for that to work?" "We must choose from the women currently here. We must have him bound before we send him to Azkaban." "I am strenuously opposed to this." Dumbledore raged. "Everyone will have some say in the proceedings." "I somehow doubt that." "Dawlish, round up all the women on our side present." The minister of magic was smiling a slimy foul smile. One that made everyone shudder in revulsion. The Aurors were jostling all the women into a line. Even Professor McGonagall was forced to stand with the women, sputtering and furious as she was. The Minister walked along the line of women until he stood before the very first one. Lavender Brown. " Virginitas revelare ." He held his wand in front of each woman's torso, the tip glowing blue. As he walked down the line of women, the tip of his wand only turned red for Hannah Abbott, Pomona Sprout, and her; Hermione Granger. "You three stay, everyone else can go." The Minister waved his hand in dismissal. Perhaps the outraged victors would have fought back then against the Ministry if they weren't dead tired and confused. The Ministry was supposed to be on their side. Weren't they? Hermione and Hannah stood shoulder to shoulder hands entwined unsure of what exactly was going on. Hermione's eyes were narrowed however. She had an inkling that she was not going to like what was to happen. She didn't trust the wide happy smile of the Minister. He was after all controlled by Voldemort's regime or he wouldn't be the current Minister. "We need someone young. Who knows for how long he will live? Professor, you may step out of line." Leaving the two teenagers alone. "Wouldn't it just be the kick in the stomach to be bound to what he so valiantly fought against?" The minister said with a sneer. "Minister, I implore you to stop this madness. There has to be another way!" Dumbledore said. "The great Lord Voldemort married to a Muggleborn? I like it! Hermione Granger, step forward." The Minister completely ignored Dumbledore, motioning to the confused Aurors to surround the powerful wizard and bind him as well. "Marriage?! No! Absolutely not!" Hermione shouted. She was not the only one to lose it. Harry and Ron were now being held back by Aurors, yelling like madmen. There was a surge of Order members who tried to get to Hermione. She was being forcefully led to where Voldemort was being held prisoner. Dumbledore was laying waste to the Aurors in an attempt to stop the obviously deranged Minister. The battle resumed, but this time it was the Order against the Ministry. Hermione was also fighting. She managed to stun four Aurors before being disarmed and bound, forced to her knees next to Voldemort who was watching the scene with dark contemplative eyes. One of the Aurors bared her forearm and drew his wand in a slicing motion. Hermione watched as dark crimson blood beaded on the wound before trailing down her porcelain skin in rivulets. She stopped struggling and tearfully looked into Ron's furious, terrified eyes. She mouthed 'I love you' to him before one of the Aurors forced her bleeding arm to meet Voldemort's. Ron was shaking his head in denial as he renewed the fight to break through the heavy lines of Aurors. Dumbledore was nearly through and that gave Ron hope. The Minister had started the ceremony, an ancient bonding ritual that was used by families who wanted to control their offspring. It did not need to be consensual by either party. As it was little more than an exchange of hostages to ensure a tentative peace. Where the hell did they find this nonsense? Hermione wondered. A bright white light surrounded the newly bound couple, blinding everyone. Once the light receded, no one moved or spoke. It was done. Another travesty committed by the Ministry. "The only thing left is the consummation." The Minister said rubbing his hands together in a creepy fashion. Hermione was numb. She was married to Tom Riddle, Dark Lord extraordinaire. How dare they?! She who had fought for so long and so hard. She who starved for months in the hunt for Horcruxes. Hermione Granger, the war heroine. Rage filled her small body as the injustice welled up within her. Dumbledore who was nearly through the thick lines of Aurors had his eyes focused. He would prevent consummation at all costs. But she couldn't wait for them to save her. It was already too late. Hermione let out an agonized scream. It wasn't just a scream. It was her soul begging for justice, for retribution, for vengeance. It was the exchange of unequal souls. Her magic blasted out of her in a circle that knocked everyone but her new husband unconscious. She stood, feeling detached at the scene of allies and enemies scattered on the ground around her. She wasn't like them anymore. She was soul bound to a man who had less than a seventh of his soul left. Without looking at Voldemort, Hermione grabbed her wand from the nearest Auror and apparated away. It would be a cold day in Hell when she would allow the Ministry to control her life. In the months following the final battle, Hermione jumped from place to place, carefully avoiding anywhere that Harry and Ron might find her. She even left the country for a while in search of information about the ritual forced upon her. It was in the Alexandria library, books scattered around her when she found it. The debitum ligare was a marriage bond between two powerful magical people whose families have forged a tentative cease fire. It was referred to as the 'Romeo and Juliet' binding. It was meant to forge families on opposite sides of a war for their children who found themselves deep in love. It was a security measure so that the families couldn't kill the off spring of their enemies. It was an incredible piece of magic. In the hands of the Ministry it turned from something pure and beautiful into something necrotic and festering. She was the tool in which even a freed Voldemort wouldn't be able to fight against. It was binding for the whole of both of their lives. She had been the only one to bring an untarnished soul into the union, therefore she was the one with more power. He needed her. Hence the reason the ministry chose this binding. He could never become the Dark Lord if she didn't wish it. And why would Hermione Granger, War Heroine, and Muggleborn allow Voldemort to gain that power? They really should have picked Hannah Abbott. By forcing her into this union, against her wishes, against her heart, they had ensured her enmity. They created their newest enemy. Hermione Riddle, wife of Lord Voldemort. Had Hermione not been sharing one soul and a little more with Voldemort, perhaps she wouldn't have become a caricature of her former self. One soul was not enough for two people. She was no longer the girl she used to be. She was a powerful, warped version. Bellatrix Lestrange had more soul than she did. What made her fury bubble just beneath the surface was the final paragraph in the book about the 'Romeo and Juliet' bond. What pleased the lords at the time of popularity was the fact that the marriage didn't have to be consummated right away. They were able to marry young offspring to their enemy's young children to forge peace despite the intention of love being the catalyst. Mother's on both sides had forbidden its use after the peace treaty of 412 citing the fact that a unified government would prevent the torture and murder of their children through marriages. The binding fell out of use and was relegated to the archives of barbaric marriage ceremonies. The last bond was formed in 432 by Baron De Luc to force the recipient of his unrequited love, Marie Shipley, into marriage. He was found guilty of a forced soul bond which was categorized as murder. He was executed three days after his guilty verdict. The French Magical government at the time had decided that using this bond in force was tantamount to murder. Hermione laughed a cold horrible laugh that held very little humor. The Ministry cared little for her or anyone else, they proved it time and again with Harry. It was time to go home and show the Ministry how very wrong they were in forcing Hermione Granger. HGHGHGHGHGHGHGHG Hermione walked the halls of Azkaban, the Dementor's hugging the walls in an effort to clear her way. She was their Lord's wife and they would obey. They bowed as she passed, giving her all the due that she was afforded. She passed the cells of Antonin Dolohov and Lucius Malfoy. They stared