Chapter One: The Extremely Odd Girl Helena Leandros was sat in a cosy café on a bustling city street corner. She was staring out of a steamy window of Boste's Brew, as the café was called, with the alert and anxious expression of someone who had been kept waiting for some time. Throughout the past week, Helena had stayed up extremely late every single night to finish an essay which was to be handed in on this very same Tuesday morning that our story starts. By the time she had finished the previous night, she was utterly exhausted but confident that she would get another high pass mark to go towards her final qualification. Helena was two things: a full-time dentistry student at the local university and a young mother of the little girl who was, at that moment, bouncing contentedly on her lap. Helena was slender, olive-skinned, had long, golden brown curly hair. She also bore the distinct blue-purple circles of tiredness around her bloodshot eyes. Every morning Helena would take the time to read to her daughter, Hermione, and it was her favourite time of day. Helena found it simply magical to watch Hermione absorb each and every word like a treat and see glimmers of understanding sparkle in her eyes. Hermione was her mother in miniature. She was two years old had burgundy-brown eyes, light olive skin, and a fluffy tuft of chocolate-brown curls which were making every effort to grow up and out, rather than down. Like her mother, Hermione was also looking out of the window but her eyes were hooked onto something that Helena, in her present anxiety, had not yet noticed. Helena adored her daughter above all else and it was with a heavy heart that at nine o'clock every morning Helena would take Hermione to be looked after by her own parents at their offices at the university while she went to study for the day. Her mother and father, Drs Leda and Cyrus Leandros respectively, were both based at the university's Classical Studies library. Leda was an Associate Professor and Cyrus, a Subject Librarian and both were overjoyed to have their inquisitive granddaughter stay with them while they worked every day. At half past eight on this on this particular morning, however, Helena was waiting for the arrival of Mrs Mary Granger, who was Helena's future mother-in-law and Hermione's grandmother. At six o'clock that same morning Mrs Granger had rung Helena demanding that they meet to discuss something "troubling". Irritated at Mrs Granger's tone but as politely as she could manage, Helena agreed to meet her at eight o'clock at Boste's Brew, Helena's favourite café, which was also conveniently close to the Classical Studies library. Despite her insistence at meeting as soon as possible, Mrs Granger was half an hour late. It did not help that Helena and her future mother-in-law didn't see eye-to-eye on much of anything. With each "discussion" they liked each other less and less. These "discussions" were usually opportunities that Mrs Granger created to criticise Helena and Hermione was usually the evidence for the faults that Mrs Granger detected in Helena. Mrs Granger frequently expressed the view that Helena was shirking her responsibilities as a mother by continuing with her studies, and did so with no thought of the effect that this had on the family and, of course, how it reflected in Hermione's apparently undesirable and "strange" behaviour. And Helena knew exactly what it was that Mrs Granger was on her way to "discuss" this time. Two days previously Mrs Granger had held a birthday party for two-year-old Ruth, one of her other granddaughters, at her house in one of the well-to-do areas on the outskirts of the city. Most of the Granger family and their circle of friends had attended but, due to her essay deadline, Helena had decided not to go. Her fiancée, Alun Granger, in full support of Helena's decision to stay behind, had gone to the party and taken Hermione with him. When Alun had returned early from the party, about mid-afternoon, looking rattled, Helena knew that something bad must have happened. Again. And once he had put Hermione down for a restless nap, Alun explained what had happened: The grown-ups had all been busy chatting away in the dining area and the children had been playing games together in the lounge. Hermione, on the other hand, had been quietly entertaining herself as she had been left out of the games by her cousins and their friends, and was sat in the corner near a writing desk and a large, antique mahogany cabinet that pompously displayed valuable trinkets and books behind clear glass doors. Alun, who had been trying his best to keep his daughter company, had been whisked away by his mother for a lengthy lecture on something insignificant and, evidently, no one had been keeping a close eye on Hermione while she sat alone, looking around the room for something interesting enough to occupy herself with. But when Alun and Mrs Granger returned to where the children were some time later Hermione was found alone, on the floor, turning the pages of a book that she had found. The odd thing was that this book, an old looking text on the beauty and history of the flora and fauna of south-east England, had been placed on one of the highest shelves on the antique cabinet. There was certainly no logical way that a toddler could have reached that book on their own. There was nothing around for Hermione to climb to reach it and no one had been around to give it to her. Nobody could quite figure out how she had managed to get hold of it. The unfortunate thing was that the book had been deliberately placed there by Ruth's mother and Hermione's aunt, Moira. Aunt Moira had presented it at the party for all to see and declared it an investment gift for Ruth for when she turned eighteen. As Aunt Moira had boastingly made clear only an hour or so beforehand, it was a very valuable and expensive book dated some point in the late nineteenth century and had been written by some well-known, long deceased aristocrat. It was to be kept and protected in its condition, and not to be read. Hermione, who had been delightedly pouring over the pages, had been brought back to reality by a shriek of horror from Aunt Moira. On seeing Hermione with the book, Aunt Moira had sprinted over and wrenched the book away from her just as she had been about to turn one of the crisp pages with her small, pudgy fingers. The smallest corner of the page had torn. A stone cold silence had filled the room as Aunt Moira had swelled with anger, eyes shut and with her face like thunder. Terrified, Hermione had started to cry and reached out for Alun. Aunt Moira, words having failed her, had stormed off upstairs with the book as Alun picked up his quivering daughter. In full view of the rest of the guests, Mrs Granger had shouted at the pair of them for the lack of control that Alun and Helena had over That Girl and the damage that she had just caused. Fighting back his own tears of fury, Alun took Hermione home, with no one having said goodbye to either of them as they left. And now it's my turn to be made to answer for it , Helena thought bitterly. Taking a break from peering out of the steamy window, Helena looked down at Hermione and couldn't help but smile in spite of her anxiety. Hermione was only two years old but she had the stillness and attentiveness of a child much older. Helena sometimes found it a little disconcerting just how little Hermione ever fidgeted but she knew that Hermione was simply trying to understand everything that surrounded her. But others, the Granger's in particular, were sometimes rather unnerved by the level of utmost attention that Hermione always offered. She was doing this now, Helena thought to herself as she watched her little girl with amusement. "What can you see, my love?" Helena asked her. Hermione didn't respond straight away as she was too transfixed by what she could see out of the window. "Hermione?" The little girl looked up at her mother with her eyes wide and bright and her cheeks flushed with excitement. Helena smiled down encouragingly. "What are you looking at, Sweetheart?" Hermione looked away again, raised her small hand and pressed a finger against the glass. She was pointing across the small, busy road at two men stood together whispering excitedly. Helena saw immediately what had drawn her daughter's rapt attention. It wasn't exactly hard to miss. Helena wondered why these men hadn't caught her own attention sooner. They were wearing cloaks! Cloaks - and peculiarly shaped hats - of bright velvets with embroidery of bronze, silver and gold. Helena watched them closely, taking in their bizarre appearance. Others in the street had noticed the strange garb that these men were dressed in too. Unable to contain their curiosity, passers-by would either do a quick double-take to gawp at the men, or they would walk far enough by so as to sneakily glance back over their shoulders to have another quick look. The strangely dressed men were so engaged in their conversation that they seemed totally unaware of the attention that they were attracting. Helena longed to know what it was that had made them so excited and where they had come from, wearing clothes like that. She then remembered that yesterday had been Halloween. Yes, that's it! Helena thought. These men must have been out at some fancy dress party last night and were making their way back home. But after a few more moments, Helena thought that they can't have been out all night long, for they appeared wide awake and as though they hadn't been out celebrating at all. On the contrary, they seemed to be setting out to celebrate something, rather than coming back from a party, considering how animated their discussions were. They seemed to be struggling to contain their glee, almost bouncing on the balls of their feet in sheer delight for something that Helena could only hope to guess at. Hermione liked the outfits that these men were wearing very much, Helena noticed. She was shivering with excitement at the array of colour and glee that they were sending off into every direction. Helena didn't mind strange clothes, no matter how plainly she dressed. She even admired the men for their daring appearance. They seemed happy. And they weren't hurting anybody with their odd sense of style. What would Mrs Granger make of the men? Helena wondered, already imagining the stiff, disapproving expression that was usually reserved especially for her. It was then that Hermione started to fidget, but not with excitement. She was becoming tense, as though wary of something, or someone. Helena looked down at Hermione and saw that her eyes were now fixed on the café door. Helena followed Hermione's gaze, readying herself, knowing that Mrs Granger must have arrived at last. "Hello Mary", Helena smiled as politely as she could as she set Hermione down on the sofa beside her and stood to greet the formidable looking woman who was making her way towards them. "Morning," said Mrs Mary Granger stiffly. The corner of Mrs Granger's mouth curled slightly in an obviously forced smile as her small dark blue eyes met Helena's. Mrs Granger was in her fifties, buxom and rather stout. She had black, bobbed hair with wisps of grey at her temples, a pale pink, square face with small, thin lips that had the appearance of always being pursed. She sat down opposite Helena and Hermione, her nostrils flared with annoyance. Helena tried to shift any trace of defensiveness from her own eyes and sat back