AN: Hi, this is my first fanfic, so errors and mistakes are inevitable. If you see any please don't be afraid to review and tell me, I'd be glad of it. I'm going to try and update regularly, hopefully every week or every two weeks. The title will probably change in the future, it's currently Into the Snake's Nest, but I'll let you know if it will. Thank you and enjoy :) Draco Malfoy looked at himself in the mirror, a look of placid contempt on his face. He didn't want to be doing this. And he certainly didn't want to be doing it with his two best mates watching from a distance and laughing at his mistakes. Theo and Blaise had somehow managed to persuade him to go out drinking with them, specifically so he could hook up with some busty witch, shag her in some back alley or unclean toilet cubicle and leave her there as they moved onto the next place. All so Draco wouldn't be 'such a moody arse all the time' as Theo had said to him on numerous occasions. He'd finally given into the constant nagging and agreed to come out on ONE night and have ONE drink with them, he wouldn't - however - consent to the shagging of a random girl, despite how much they said he needed it. He hadn't really tried to dress up for the outing, but he had shaved, for the first time in about six months. He ran his hand over his chin and feeling his jaw line. He could barely remember what he had looked like without a beard. Now he could see. He liked it. A knock at the bathroom door pulled his eyes away from his reflection, "Come one Draco, we have a town to tear up," the distinct voice of Blaise worked its way through the door. "Yeah, yeah. Give me one minute." He opened the draw under the sink and pulled out a smaragdine aftershave bottle, spraying it carefully onto his neck. Sandalwood and cinnamon clouded his nostrils as his head was enveloped by the fine spray. "Draco. Mate." Blaise again. Draco opened the door and gave his friend a crocodilian grin, bearing his white teeth, "I'm ready." "'Bout time. We're going to The Leaky Cauldron first and then we're gonna go to that new bar that opened last week in Diagon Alley, Theo got us on the list." Blaise spoke at Draco as they walked to Draco's living room. Theo was stood by the fireplace, floo powder already pinched between his fingers, "Alright! Let's go!" He tossed the powder, "The Leaky Cauldron!", and was sucked into the fireplace by the emerald flames. Blaise pushed Draco into the fireplace, "You first, you're not getting out on this by tricking me into going first." Draco rolled his eyes and took a some of the floor powder between his slim fingers, uttering the same words as Theo and he too was sucked away by the flames. Hermione was sat alone at the bar in The Leaky Cauldron, feeling extremely self conscious and exposed by her lack of company. She could always rely on Ginny to turn up, but she couldn't ever rely on her to be on time. It was getting busier as well, the floo flaring up every few seconds with a new witch or wizard coming out all dressed up and ready to go out. She had been speaking the barmaid for a while, recognising her from the halls of Hogwarts, but as soon as the patrons flooded in she had sped off to begin pouring and delivering drinks. She'd stopped glancing at the floo, knowing that Ginny probably wouldn't be coming through anytime soon. Hermione inwardly scolded herself for arriving on time , she knew what Ginny was like and yet she still decided to be punctual . So instead of savouring a good fifteen minutes extra at home she had come to sit exposed and alone at a bar, just waiting for the paparazzi to come along and photograph her lonely state or for some stranger to come up to her and start hitting on her. Either could happen and had happened in the past. A man leaned over her, catching the attention of the barmaid, "Love, can I have three pints of whatever is on the house please and three fire whiskeys?" Judging by the blush that rose from the girl's neck Hermione could only assume that not only was this man attractive, but he had probably winked at her. But attractive or not, her was still leaning over her, pushing her body uncomfortably close to the slightly sticky bar counter. "Excuse me," she said, craning her neck to look up at the man. She recognised his features, the blonde hair and bright blue eyes, but she couldn't quite figure out who he was, "You're crushing me a bit." The man looked down and caught her eye, "Shit, sorry." He pulled back and Hermione straightened up, pushing her hair out of her face and bending her back to crack the kinks that had quickly formed, "Wait, Granger?" "Hmm," she looked round at the man who was staring at her with shock in his eyes. At this different angle she recognised his face. The strong jaw line and the cupid lips, "Nott?" "Never thought I'd see you here Granger, alone as well. Bit depressing isn't it?" said Theodore Nott. She'd never hated Nott at school and she knew he'd never been involved in the war. Whilst his father had committed some savage and disgusting crimes against humanity, Theo had disappeared with his mother, setting up a safe house for them in Wales. He'd been relaying what little information he knew about Voldemort from years of living with his father to the Order anonymously. He'd come forward after the war had finished, him and his mother appearing after Voldemort had been defeated at the Battle of Hogwarts. "You could say that couldn't you? I'm waiting for someone." she smiled at him, glad that he was being kind. They'd never really spoken before. "Hot date?" he joked, a cheeky grin spread across his face. "Unfortunately no, just Ginny," Hermione responded. "Unfortunately for who?" the seat next to her was freed when a large party all pulled away from the bar all at once. He dragged the chair a tad closer to hers and plonked himself confidently down on it, "Not me, that's for certain." "Excuse me?" "Well. I'm just saying, if you were meeting someone that would be unfortunate for me, I just happened to come across this amazing woman sat alone at a bar and thought to myself, 'Wow, I'd love to ask her out sometime' and when I did ask her out she'd say 'No sorry, I'm here on a date. But since you're not on a date, I can ask you out and you won't have a reason to say no." Hermione was taken aback. It had been a while since anyone had asked her out anywhere, or even showed any interest in her. The newspapers printed her as a sad, boring girl with no life and a frigid personality and no one wants to go out with her do they? But here was someone - an attractive someone - who had not only showed interest, but seemed as though they were going on to pursue that interest. "What if I don't like Slytherin boys? Wouldn't that be a reason to say no?" she quipped. "I'd just have to charm you into liking Slytherin boys," he winked. She was about to respond when she felt her phone rumble in her bag. Sorry lovely, the babysitter cancelled last minute so I won't be able to make it out tonight. I'll make it up to you though, I promise. Love ya! G xxx Hermione read the text from Ginny and sighed. "I'm sorry I have to go. My friend just cancelled on me." She put her phone back in her bag and stood up from the chair. Theo's hand grabbed her arm, "Join me." It wasn't a question. "Don't tell me you're here alone as well." "No, I'm with some friends, but they won't mind if you join us. Come on! We're going to that new bar that opened the other week. You know the one? The Crimson Blur." "Ron's bar? I'd rather not thank you." She pulled her arm out of his grasp. She hadn't really been looking forward to this night much, really only agreeing to it so she could see GInny again as it has been forever since they last spoke properly and she'd promise that they would avoid Ron and his new bar like they were both the Black Plague. "Oh, I forgot about you and Weasley." she turned to walk away, but Theo scampered round her and stood in her path, "All the more reason to go. Show up with your new man, make him jealous, ey?" "Oh, and you'd be that new man would you?" she placed her hand on her hip and giggled at him. "Well, if you insist!" he threaded his arm through hers and dragged her away from the entrance. "Hey!" she protested, "I didn't agree to anything Nott!" "I go by Theo these days. It's a bit more civilised, don't you think? A bit less Death Eatery? Not that I ever was one, but there are things that are suggest it." She was shocked by his throw away Death Eater comment, despite the truth in what he said. Still, she liked his cheerful attitude and cheeky jokes, he made her feel at ease around him, like she didn't have to uphold any sort of persona, like she could be herself. "Aye up Draco, Theo has gone and got himself a girl already. She must be something if he would give up the chase this early on." Blaise said, eying Theo was was leaning in closely to a brown haired girl at the bar. Draco didn't respond, instead choosing to look around the pub with a vacant look in his eye. He only looked back towards his friends when a cold glass was pressed into his relaxed hand. He smiled at Theo and took the pint glass, taking a huge gulp of the bitter ale, wiping his mouth and then smacking it onto the table. And that's when he saw her. A shy looking Hermione Granger had approached the table with caution, as though she was approaching a nest of snakes, which in a sense she was. She'd changed in the years since he last saw her, she seemed taller and held herself with more confidence, yet he could see in the way her now wavy hair fell into her face that she wasn't as outgoing as most of the women Draco knew. Her skin was a creamy white and freckles were scattered across the bridge of her nose and cheeks like stars in the sky. And her brown eyes, on closer inspection, were a golden colour speckled with green - not muddy like he had always thought. There was nothing muddy about her anymore. "Granger?" he said, hoping the collision of contrasting thoughts in his head didn't didn't come across in his voice. "Hi," her arms were folded across her chest, releasing on to give a small awkward wave matched with a small awkward smile. "Well hello there Granger, enchanté," Blaise leaned across the table and grabbed that awkward hand and pressed his lips to it. Typical, Draco thought, Anything to woo a women, they're all after her. Granger looked like she had no idea how to respond, like she had just approached that snakes nest and instead of the snakes lashing out and biting her, they were slithering around her wrists and ankles and caressing her skin with their pointed tongues. He wouldn't know how to react either. " Hermione," Theo emphasised her name, "Is spending the night with us