The once live two sister's name Isabella and Maria Swan they are sisters and Isabella wants to go to forks but bella's sister is going to Italy. So when they both move to forks Maria went to see her two best friends Kayla and Brooklyn. When Kayla sees Maria or Aria they ask her "yes you can but you have to find a hotel first". They say aye aye captain"! Brooke can you came here for a minute I need to tell you something good will happen to the both of us I don't know what will happen but all I know that when you are in trouble come and find me. The day they all go to Italy Alec and Jane are looking for anything out of place Alec is looking for his mate but jane says to Alec " Alec give it a rest she will never come you and I both know that she will come when she is ready Alec wait Felix is waiting for his mate". Chapter 1 No one's point of view Maria is on her way to Italy with Brooke and KiKi. Brooke ask "Maria what part of Italy are we going to"? Maria answers and says "volterra". So they finally landed and they got a taxi. The taxi ask "where would you like to go"they all say "volterra" the taxi paled and said "are you sure miss"? Maria answers in Italian "Sì, vogliamo andare a Volterra Sir". Her two best friends just stared at her in shock. So they went to volterra and went to there hotel the person in the front desk says "Come posso aiutare ti manca"? Maria answers back "sì ma'am Sono Maria e questi sono I miei amici che ho fatto in modo di usare questo hotel". The receptionist said "fammi controllare perdere. Aw vedo Te ei tuoi due freinds". Brooke's point of view I see my best friend aria talking to the receptionist in Italian I had to make note of to ask where she learned Italian. So after we got the room I finally ask "Maria how do you know Italian"? Maria says "I have been learning since I was three years old and that was with my sister bells". I answered with an "oh". KiKI says aria (nickname for Maria) "Why have you never told us this"? Maria answers "I was told that if I told anyone that I would have to teach them I am now flaunt in that language but not my friends so you are good". I just nod an okay. Alec's Point of view I saw a girl who looked about 15 or 16 years old I saw her with two girls that must be her best friends. I ask heidi to see if the girl will come on the tour through the volturi castle and when it is time to feed I would grabber her and take her to my room. Heidi said "Alec I will try but there is no grente your mate". I nod ok and went to see what the masters need. Aro calls for me and Jane. We bow in front of our masters and aro calls me so he can listen to my thoughts that is when he gets to my chat with Heidi he looks at me and says "Alec you have finally found your mate but she is human. Alec what are you going to do when you have her in your grasps"? I don't know master I will have to figure out what I can. Aro tells both me and my sister that you are dismissed. The next day Maria is out running Maria's point of view I was in the middle of my run that is when I saw a woman who was having people following her but when she saw me she ask "how much Italian do you know"? I answer "Sono molto influente. Perché me lo chiedi?" That is when she says "meraviglioso Voglio sapere farete partecipare alla visita del Volturi castello". I say "sì, ma i miei amici ti preoccupi e ho bisogno di fare la doccia". Heidi says "Penserò a qualcosa ma dovrete venire con il gruppo, ma rimanere accanto a me per favore?" I answer "si". I look back at the people they just stare at me when I spoke Italian I say I can speak all languages even mine that I was born with so not a word. Heidi just looks at me impressed at what I said even though I was sweating and I need a shower she must of known what I was thinking because she said " Maria go ahead to your hotel we will wait for you and have your friends come to". I said "grazie mille, ma i miei amici sono fuori". Heidi says "Capisco quindi è fino a quando si arriva proprio qui." I go back to my hotel and jump in the shower and wash my hair and when I finished that I went and got dressed. I braided back my hair so it was not in my face. I walk back where Heidi was waiting and she smiled at me I stand next to a couple who asked me how old was I said "15 years old" they say " you are here by yourself ?" I say "no I am not I have my bff's with me but they are doing some things so yeah enough asking me questions ok." They look at me in fear but nod so I just walk away. We start to walk up to a castle. I had a really bad feeling it was telling me to run away. Aro's Point of view (oh god) We are waiting for Heidi to come back with our meal and Alec's mate. We hear about 20 heartbeats but there is one that is going really fast and I am guessing it is the girl. They walk in the throne room and as soon as the young girl walks in Alec runs and grabs her and takes the girl to his room. As soon as he comes back we enjoy our meal. I watch as our meal looks ready to scream I say welcome to Volterra and we have our meal. I tell Alec to go get his mate so she can introduce herself to us. I hear the girl's heartbeat and Alec talking to her. I look at her for a moment then I felt a fatherly bond towards the girl. Maria's point of view I am walking with the person that says that they are my mate. The boy tells me his name is Alec Volturi. I tell him mine Maria Sofia Swan. Alec looks at me and says "Maria you will met the three kings of my kind and do not in anyway try to run do you understand me amore mio." Then he ask me if I am fluent in Italian? I answer "sì, Io non ho molte altre lingue." He looks at me and is impressed. So we walk up to the throne room and he opens the doors for me I say "thank you." Alec's point of view I look at my loving mate and her name itself is beautiful. I open the door for her and she said a small thank you. I let her walk in first then I followed behind her and stand right next to her. Aro asked her "do you now Italian"? She answers "sì, parlo Italiano". Aro looks at me and says "Alec you made a good choice but how did you know she was your mate?" I look at him and said "I looked at him and said "I saw her walking with her friends to a restaurant and I knew that I was her mate but Felix also find his mate in one of Maria's friends." Felix's point of view Aro looks at me and says "Felix you need her and ask her to come with you". I look at Maria and she knows something but she is in a room full of vampires so she is scared out of her mind so I try to get close to her and she look ready to bolt. Alec looks at her and tries to hug her but she backs up. Marcus looks amused and Aro looks amused at the exchange. Alec looks at him and says damn it Aro this is my mate and you find this shit funny. Alec say's "Master Maria knows who this girl is and she can bring her here for Felix." I look at Maria and try again to get near her she did a back handspring and everyone looks at her and she says "I am a gymnast and I am the youngest in gymnastics to be on the team so I know how to do many other things other than just a back handspring. Aro looks at Maria and ask "what is the girl's name that Felix mated on"? Maria says "her name Is Brooklyn Evans and she goes by the nickname Brooke Evans". Aro tells her to go and get her friend Brooke she nods ok and she walks out really fast. Brooke's point of view We have not seen Aria all day I am starting to get worried about her me and Kayla are a year older than her she is not even 16 years old yet and she need to be watch her father Charlie will kill me and Kiki. I ask Kayla what she is up to Kayla says "I planning to make sure Aria is no longer captain". I ask why Kayla? Aria has nothing but been good to you and besides she is not the captain yet and you want her off the team ?" Kiki I am so mad at you right now how could you do that to your best friend? Kiki answers "well aria never stops talking about her position as captain of the gymnastics time back in phoenix so me and jasmine plan on kicking her off the time because after all me and her are the captains of the team." I will deal with you later I need to find Maria. Alec's point of view It is cloudy today so I take Maria to her hotel and I will have to wait for her and Brooke to come out of the hotel. Maria walks in the hotel. I hear her argue with Brooke about where she was but Brooke said I don't give a flying corn chip. Maria walks out dragging Brooke and she stand next to me pretty mad. I ask what happen in Italian she answers "Brooklynn qui ottenuto arrabbiato con me per non averle detto dove vado e ho dovuto portare a mio padre dang e sorella al problema." As soon as we got there I took them both to the throne room and told Maria to stand next to me she nods an ok and tells Brooklynn to wait. I spoke to Maria and the masters in Italian "Maestri Maria è qualcosa di speciale e che potrebbe avere un potere che potrebbe essere utile in guardia ma il suo amico Brooklynn potrebbe avere una potenza di due, ma maria ma hanno più allora in poi." Aro looks at Maria first than at Brookelynn then he says to Maria "Maria I will have my guards attack you and your friend to see if you both will be useful or not." Maria nods then looks at Brooklynn and mouths you ready we are gymnast we got this. She looks back at Aro and nods. Aro smiles and tells Demetri to go first and attack the girls Aro told Jane and Heidi to hold me and Felix back because they are new found mates. I watch as Demetri attacks her but she projects a force field then fire came out of her hands and also the other three elements. Then I looked at