Synesthesia: A condition in which one type of stimulation evokes the sensation of another, such as when the hearing of a sound produces the visualization of a colour or shape. Confusion of the senses. Tom Riddle ripped the ridiculous red tie from his neck and swung his fist into his dressing room wall. The pain of splitting knuckles did nothing to quell his fury. This was the third assessment in a row. Once again, there was Professor Dippit and his gaggle of judges, cooing about his flawless technique, the precision of his arpeggios, the commanding presence of his performance. Once again there was that comment. From that wretched, wretched man. "You truly possess outstanding talent," Dumbledore's soft, cheery voice had said. "But I believe your performance today could have been improved by a better understanding of the emotion of the piece." That insufferable Dumbledore. Always going on in some form or the other about the emotion, or the soul, or the unique interpretation that Tom's music lacked. Was his purpose to be a broken record, forever haunting Tom which his incomprehensible disapproval? How he loathed him. How he sought desperately for his approval, if only to quiet the voices in his own head. What exactly did he not understand about the emotion of the piece? La Fille aux Cheveaux du Lin was a laughably straightforward piece dynamics-wise; it only went from soft to softer to less soft. He'd read the interpretations, even though he really hadn't needed to. It was supposed to be romantic, subtle, melancholic, and Tom had been so careful to replicate that in his playing. Why then? What was he missing? He flung himself into a chair, his fingers pulling at his perfectly mussed hair. It would be so easy to dismiss Dumbledore as crazy, or tell himself that the man had it out of Tom, especially since other professors never seemed to have a problem with his playing. He knew, however, that Dumbledore was a fair judge, and one who was indisputably brilliant. The old man was widely considered the most talented musician of the century, and if Tom was going to surpass him, which he was fully planning on doing, he would have to find the factor he was missing. Resigned, he got up and fetched his tie from where it lay in a heap on the dark mahogany floor. The miserable thing cost more than all his school books put together. "Mione?" The vibrant orange of Ginny's voice echoed as she stepped into the posh bathroom of Steinway Theatre. "Hermione honestly! You're not even the one performing." "I know, I know. It's just, I've never heard my pieces played out loud before. And in front of so many people." The red-head made an impatient noise. "I understand Mione, I do, but if you don't stop pacing in here, we'll miss the whole thing altogether." Hermione acquiesced, allowing herself to be dragged into the auditorium. She was being a little silly, she'd admit. Ginny had been the one who mailed Hermione's compositions to the director of the Steinway Performing Arts Centre where they both took lessons, and convinced her piano teacher to let her perform one of Hermione's pieces in their annual recital. All, Hermione might add, before consulting her. Even now, Hermione couldn't decide if she wanted to yell at Ginny or hug her. After plopping Hermione down into a chair near the front of the stage, Ginny raced backstage to take her spot with the other performers. Ginny played the violin only recreationally, but Hermione could not help but marvel at how confident and talented of a player she'd become, considering how bad her bouts of stage fright had been when they were younger. A small group of middle-aged people took their seats a row in front of her. They were impeccably dressed, and stood out even amidst the dark ebony wood and golden chandeliers that were Steinway's auditorium. The Steinway Performing Arts School itself wasn't well known outside of London, however Ginny's violin teacher, Mrs. Barnet, was a graduate of the Hogwarts Academy of Music, and she had a feeling the group were friends of hers. The curtains opened, and one by one, the performances began. Though most of the students at were strict lessons-once-a-week, hobby musicians, Steinway teachers had a way of beating high standards into you, and the recital reflected it. Hermione closed her eyes as she listened to everything from Chopin to interpretive jazz. Ginny was one of the last ones. Hermione held her breath as her friend touched her bow to her strings, sounding the opening notes to Hermione's Aria, notes that she'd only hear in her head before now. Ginny had always been an expressive player, a fact for which she was thankful as her piece came to life, both familiar and foreign at the same time. She closed her eyes and let the music paint the story she'd imagined while writing it. The melody lulled over her like a wave, sorrowful blues blending into rich purples and then to bright reds as the key slipped from minor to major. It resonated in her bones, and it almost pained her when it was over. As people flooded out the doors of the auditorium at the recital's end, Hermione found her friend and threw her arms around her. "Oh Gin! Thank you." "No problem Mione." A smug grin stretched across Ginny's freckled face. "Although I thought you should know, there's a lady I don't know talking to Mrs. Barnet about your piece." "What do you mean?" "When the recital was over, she got up and asked Mrs. Barnet the name of the piece I'd played, and she told her you'd composed it yourself. They started talking and I don't think they've stopped yet." "Oh-" "Hermione? There's someone here I want you to speak with." Mrs. Barnet's soft-spoken voice came from around the corner. Hermione barely had enough time to shoot a bewildered look to Ginny before her teacher appeared, followed by an impeccably dressed woman with a serious face. "Minerva, this is Hermione Granger, a theory student under Mr. Wright. She's the one who wrote the piece." Hermione pulled on her shabby red dress as the woman's gaze swept over to her. "Hermione, this is Minerva Mcgonagall, an old colleague and friend." Minerva McGonagall? Hermione felt the blood drain from her face. Minerva McGonagall was a world renown contemporary composer, and the author of one of Hermione's favourite books on composition, Elements of Musical Theory. "Oh. Oh! It's such a pleasure to meet you Professor McGonagall. I adore your book on musical theory!" Professor McGonagall gave her a thin-lipped smile. "Thank you my dear. Amelia told me you composed the piece that your friend performed." "Yes, composing's a bit of a hobby of mine. I've never, well, asked anyone to play my pieces before now though." Hermione hated how cold and clammy her hands felt. She wasn't one to get star-struck, but this was her idol standing in front of her. "I don't think I've heard anything quite like it, Ms. Granger. I especially liked the way you wrote the harmonies in the second part. It was a bold move, using such unconventional combinations, but it really helped create a suspenseful atmosphere, didn't it?" "Oh…thank you." Hermione was quite sure her face was turning the exact shade of Ginny's hair. It didn't help that the professor's voice was such a jarring, deep purple. "However, I think the left hand could be improved. There were parts when it felt like both voices were fighting for dominance. I understand the effect you were trying to produce, but it seems to be a little lacking." Hermione nodded severely. It had been a large concern for her while writing. "Yes, now that I have heard it performed, I think changing some parts of the left hand to form a polyrhythm might help, perhaps?" McGonagall made a small sound of approval. "A creative fix indeed. How long have you been in music Miss Granger? What instruments do you play?" Hermione felt her overwhelming joy plummet somewhat as she bit her lip. "Er…I don't play any instruments I'm afraid. I haven't got much talent for it. I've been studying music theory since I was ten though." McGonagall nodded. "Do you enjoy composing?" "Yes! More than anything." Professor McGonagall's expression softened. "Miss Granger, I believe you have a lot of talent, and I would love to see it cultivated. I am a Professor at Hogwarts Academy of Music, and if you'd like, I could to talk to our Board of Directors. If I could get a copy of some of your recent works to showcase, we might be able to offer you admission, and maybe even a scholarship." Time seemed to stop. Surely she was dreaming. Hermione had never allowed herself to believe the possibility of a career as a composer. It was not something ordinary daughters of dentists with no musical talent would dare dream of. She'd always planned to become something more practical and suited towards her bookish personality, like a lawyer or doctor. Hermione struggled to close her open mouth. She was sure she must have looked like a goldfish. She was being given the option of pursuing a career in the one thing that made her happiest. Even more than that, she was being offered possible acceptance into one of the most prestigious musical schools in the world, and one that was almost purely for legacies and children of famous musicians. She really should think this over. She should ask the Professor for the chance to discuss this with her parents. It would be the Hermione thing to do to think before giving a definite respond. "Yes! Please t-that would be amazing!" She blurted out. "I'll send them to you as soon as I can." Forget what she ought to do. They were talking about Hogwarts for heavens sake. "Thank you so much. I hate to ask this of you, but we really have no choice." Riddle's smile was laced with a precise amount of sorrow. "I completely understand. I've always looked up to Gideon as a upperclassman, and what happened to him was a tragedy. It'd be the least I could do to take over his duties until he recovers." "I certainly hope he does. So much talent, that boy…but with an injury like that," Professor Merrythought sighed, pursing her lips. "It would only be for the remainder of the summer. Consider it practice for next year. I'm sure your name will come up for it." He nodded seriously, repressing the urge to smirk. "Alright. I should ask Dorea Black about the Choir then?" "Yes, Thank you Mr. Riddle." Tom left a Professor Merrythought was a somber farewell and headed back to his dorm, straightening himself out of that dreadfully stiff, melancholy posture he'd been forced to undertake for the pass half an hour. A slow smile crept across his face. Though he now had to concern himself with preparations for the Alumni performance, his goal was accomplished. Tragic as it was, Gideon Tonk's injury was no accident. Hermione slipped back into the empty train compartment and slide the door closed. She'd changed into her Hogwarts uniform in a hurry, thinking it would give her confidence, but the sight of all the students she passed on the way from the change room seemed to reverse the effect. Cellos clutched between steady knees and the smell of polish and wax and old music scores; all of it made her want to shrink into a corner. There was baby grand in her train compartment, for heaven's sake. She combated this feeling, of course, by pulling out the textbook for History of Twentieth Century Music, a class she had the second semester, and setting to work, devouring the words with astounding fervour, even by Hermione Granger standards. Her extended cram session had begun the moment she receive the call that Hogwarts was, by