Our Only Hope By Bormex AN: Ok this isn't and is a heavily alternate universe. Most of it is going to be told through Peeta's point of view and some characters are going to have completely different back stories and some might be OC. Just a heads up there are a lot of things that are gonna need to be explained but I plan to explain them through the story rather then give it all away here. But if anybody does have any questions feel free to private message me I'll be more than happy to answer anything you need to know. This is a short chapter but I don't know whether to write more or less up to you just let me know if you feel it should be longer other then that well I have nothing to say expect on with the story. I do not own the Hunger Games/Catching fire/MockingJay all characters and settings belong to their respected owners. Chapter 1: I see her; she still looks as beautiful as she always has. As if the world revolves around that smile, my world does. She's standing there in the garden with the sun glaring behind her as if to emulate her, her holding a bundle in her arms. Looking down at the baby she holds in her arms cooing at the giggling baby who doesn't have a care in the world. Just like we all do, did. Looking up she takes notice of my presence and smiles at me as if calling me. I don't even think twice as I begin to run towards her with my arms wide open "Mommy!" I laugh as run to my mother and sister whole are my whole world. Everything no matter how bleak it becomes I know that as long as I have them both in my life everything will work itself out. Just as I'm about to reach my mother all of a sudden the world around us shifts the bright beautiful day that we were just in becomes nothing but darkness engulfing everything I see even my family. " NO!" I shout as I stretch out my hand to reach where my family once stood. Looking around me in a futile attempt to find them, I do this for a couple minutes and all I see is nothingness. Tears begin to well up in my eyes as I stand there frighten beyond belief " MOM!" I scream almost begging for my mother to respond back to me but after about five minutes I know that I am alone in the darkness. Alone and scared I lay down in a fetal position crying silently to myself wishing for my mother back. I cry for what feels like hours not moving and not being able to see anything at all. All of a sudden there's a light a single light beaming down at me as if I were standing on stage and an audience were waiting for me to give a performance. Not sure what to do or say I continue to lay there for a couple more minutes. Until I gain the courage to speak, "H-Hello!" I stutter not at all confidant. " Is anybody there?" Silence, all I hear. Looking up at the light that is glaring down at me, squinting my eyes in an attempt to see where it's coming from not being able to see the source of it I begin to walk forward. To my surprise the light follows me as I walk. Looking back up I try once again to garner a response from whoever is flashing that light " Hello! Excuse me! Who's up there?" Again I stand there waiting for a response that never comes. After a while I get frustrated with the lack of answers. I begin walking again and to my annoyance the light begins to fallow me. Fed up with this game these people are playing with me I start running. But to my utter shock the light is still able to keep up with me even when I begin sprinting and making zigzag moves. Not once does the light ever lose me from being in its center. I do this until I am out of breath stopping to catch my breath. Bent over, hands on my knees I curse whoever is screwing with me "hah hah hah… I swear…..I'm gonna…..kick whoever is at the end of that light square in the balls!" catching my breath at the last bit of my swearing. " So much to do….." Jolting my head back up in surprise I do a quick search for that voice that just spoke to me. "wha…Who said that!" I begin to back up little in fright, still not feeling completely safe in my current situation. " So much to do….." it repeats "… ..So little time" My eyes still wonder around trying to find the person who is speaking to me. " Don't be afraid" I scowl at this offended at what is being said to me "Hey, I'm not scared, at least I'm not the one hiding in the dark trying to freak out some kid!" The voice ignores me and continues to speak. " You have the power to change the world…." This shuts me up what does he mean by 'change the world'? "….There will be times where you will have to fight…." "… ..But remember to keep your light burning strong….." "… The day you change it all is both far and very near…." After those words are uttered I begin to feel myself sinking not sure what's going on I look down at my feet to see my shadow has grown and formed into a huge puddle of darkness and it starts sucking me in like quick sand. Terrified and not sure of what's happening I begin to thrash around trying to escape from whatever this black stuff is that's pulling me down. But the harder I fight the more I seem to be sinking. All of a sudden the voice speaks again. "… The closer you get to the light, the greater your shadow becomes…." Still fighting for my life I shout back at this voice "What the hell are you talking about!" by this point I am chest deep into the all-consuming darkness. I try raising my head so that I can avoid suffocating, at the same time stretching my arm out in a desperate attempt to grab a hold of something anything to save me. "… But remember don't be afraid….." At this point I am completely engulfed by the darkness all expect a small portion of my right face and my left arm. It's a good thing my right eye is still free as I can see the light above me still glaring down on me, and as the last remnants of light slowly begins to be covered over me by this dark blanket. I hear the voice one last time. " You hold the mightiest weapon of all; remember you are the one who will change the world" "Wake up!" startled I jolt up from my bed in a half dazed not sure what's going on as my eyes focus on the person hovering over my bed. My bleary vision takes a couple more seconds to take focus but as soon as it does I see my little sister standing over me with her hands on her hips giving me an annoyed look. "Huh? Rose? What do you want?" I sound especially whinny in my half asleep state that I am currently in. Rose's brow frowns at my words and she looks to be fighting off an episode of 'make your big brother deaf'. She huffs in annoyance and responds to me "It's almost eight Cori we have school remember?" "Oh yeah" I say as I lay my head down on my pillow looking at my sister as she hasn't taken her eyes off of me. "Well? Aren't you gonna get ready?" "Yeah…..sure…Just give me one… one second….zzzzZZZZZ" I pass out mid-sentence and happily return to dreamland with open arms despite the nightmare I just had. But to my utter disappointment is seems my sister has other plans for me. Jumping up on me ramming her knees into the side of my stomach Rose began to shout at me as she assaults me with her as I like to call it 'tiny fists of fury' though my sister is too small to actually hurt me the surprise of what she does actually knocks the air out of me. "Wake up you jerk!" "OW! Rose ok, ok I'm up" I stammer out in defeat. Though my sister has stopped attacking me she still doesn't move from her spot on top of me. After a while of her not moving off of me I ask her "Well aren't you gonna get off of me?" Smiling down at me with what I can only assume is her way of paying me back for making her wait for me. "Nope" That's all she says as she continues to lay on top of me. Sighing in realization that I have been beaten I begin to get up out of bed. The whole time I mutter under my breath about manipulative little sisters and being too smart for their own good. Whether she hears me or not she doesn't make note of it. It takes me fifteen minutes to take a bath and get ready. As we both step out of the house my little sister seemed to forget or forgive my behavior a couple of minutes ago and puts her hand in my and begins leading me down the usual path to school when she gets that look in her face she actually looks like a normal twelve year old. It never ceases to surprise me just how she can smile despite the ruined life style we have. Looking at my sister as she drags me I finally take notice of the clothing she is wearing, an old red doted dress with the colors washed out. Shoes that have seen better days and rubber bands she uses to help keep her hair the way she likes. I hate it, I never understand how she can smile and though my sister is my world and I would do anything to see her smile I don't understand how she can. Everybody tells me the same but it seems that they feel the same as I do as well. My sister seems to be the light of everybody's world whenever she is around she seems to bring the good in people out. Everybody loves her and I can't blame them my little sister, my Rose is perfect. "Come on, your too slow!" my sister's whined protest snaps me out of my thoughts and I grin sheepishly at her as she pouts at me for being too slow. Chuckling at her expression "Sorry, Sorry I'm moving haha" I begin to pick up the pace as to not upset my sister again and before we know it we are already at school surprisingly with time to spare. Just as I'm about to resume walking again someone calls out to me. "Peeta!" Turning around the find the person who called out to me I see my friend Madge running up to me and my sister. When she catches up to us I greet her with a small wave "Morning Madge" giving me a quick hug she then bends down to give my sister a hug too. "Hey Prim how are you doing today huh?" Smiling up at Madge 'Prim' responds with a quick "I'm fine" Madge nods her head happy with the honest response from my sister. She then looks to me and pauses as if contemplating whether or not she should proceed. Confused by this I raise an eyebrow, " hmm strange I wonder what's bothering her, she's never been shy of saying things to me