Summary: There were many reasons Charlotte was the way she was. Really… it was her 40 minute older sister Lily Evans. Lily was gorgeous, intelligent, witty and charming. Charlotte was sort of pretty; smart when she tried hard enough, highly sarcastic and unsociable. Charlotte was also virtually invisible behind her sister's stunning shadow. Every year she was in the same classes as her sister, and every year she found herself friendless and slightly more narcissistic than the year earlier. Well, it's their sixth year and Charlotte had long since given up the complexities of friendship in favour of interesting sorts of magic she wondered upon in the restricted section of the school library (and an alcohol habit she had yet to kick). That's where a desperate and ever charming James Potter comes in. Potter obviously doesn't understand the word 'Never' as he continues to try and win over Lily. Seemingly as a last resort, he corners Charlotte and begs her to help him. Not being one to give others false hope, she tells him to shove it where even lumos doesn't shine. However, a fateful meeting in a darkened library reveals that Potter and Charlotte may have more in common that Charlotte had ever hoped. They fortify a deal which is beneficial to both parties, with one main rule. DO NOT TELL LILY. Chapter One: (~Charlotte~) "Sorry, What's your name again?" She asked with a barely contained sigh. Her head was pounding and the noise level of the great hall wasn't exactly beneficial to her hangover. Whereas most of the students were hung-over from last night's Quidditch win, Charlotte was feeling the effects of her party for one. Her long blonde hair was knotted and tied loosely to the nape of her neck in an attempt to hide the birds' nests no doubt hidden within her locks. She had dark rings around her eyes which could tell endless stories of what excitement she could have been up to the night before, though only really sharing that she was exhausted beyond belief. Even though she had a long warm shower that morning, she still stunk of fire whiskey and for some reason, no matter how many times she cast tergeo on her robes; they refused to return to its usual cleanliness. If anything, she found her uniform to be dirtier. All in all, she wasn't in a very good mood. She had attempted to arrive at the great hall an hour before breakfast officially started in the hopes of avoiding her classmates and students in general, yet not 5 minutes after being seated in the spectacularly quiet room, students began entering. And here in front of her sat a boy that she had never, not once, spoken too, but managed to know far too much about. Of course she knew his name, she would have to be obliterated of the last 6 years at Hogwarts to not know his name, but she knew from past experiences that a grand total of one person in her year knew her name, and it had been proven to become a rather awkward situation when Charlotte knew a lot about a person who didn't know she even existed. "James, James Potter," He said with a dazzling smile and cheery voice. How he wasn't at all affected by last night antics, Charlotte would never know. He was captain of the bloody team, so it was highly likely that he had been intoxicated more than most, if other parties held any example. Yet he sat before her, dark thick hair dishelved, though that was apparently his usual style, blue eyes just as bright as any other day behind his thin wired glasses. His uniform was impeccably clean and he smelled of mint and, strangely enough, the forbidden forest. Not a single aspect of his appearance or mannerisms suggested he had taken part in late night celebrations, so she concluded that he was either part Veela, and was doing some sort of weird mind trick on her which made him seem handsome when, all things considered, he really shouldn't be, or he had taken some sort of potion which took away the effects of a hangover. The second seemed to be more likely. She didn't ignore the possibility of him being part Veela however, because she never usually found herself studying a boy's appearance, and liking what she saw. James Potter was far too nice to look at. His strong jaw and playful eyes seemed an enigma in itself, not even mentioning his bed head hair and strange intoxicating smell. Charlotte finally concluded that she had been slipped a love potion and the two empty bottles of fire whiskey which sat somewhere on the floor of her dorm room had enhanced the effects. Rather dramatic conclusion to be sure. Then again, Charlotte was a rather dramatic person. "You're a bloody idiot James Potter," Charlotte said with a fake smile, knowing that it made clear to the boy in front of her that she had no wish to take part in anything he had suggested and she mildly ignored. Potter's cocky smirk dropped instantly at her words and she found herself inwardly sighing in relief at his slightly less attractive facial expression. Still attractive, but not enough that she was questioning whether someone had slipped something into her porridge. She certainly shouldn't have to question her own opinion of other people this early in the morning, or ever really. As if to solidify her rejection, she flung her spoon towards the end of the Gryffindor table where some firsties were sitting talking animatedly about, who knows what, and who really cares. With her spoon came some of the porridge from her bowl, effectively splattering the table at least a metre in front of the both of them and luckily (for them) missing either of their uniforms. "Now please move away, and leave me alone," she said in mock cheeriness, somewhat similar to how Potter had introduced himself. Charlotte knew she was being a bit of a bitch, but honestly, what did he expect. If there is one thing that others should learn about Charlotte, it's that you do NOT discuss her twin sister with her. Potter broke her one significant rule when he plopped his nicely shaped ass onto the bench across from her, changing her mood from foul to horrific faster than he had ever caught a bloody snitch. Charlotte ignored his presence, going back to her breakfast meal, which looked more like the vomit that stained several corners of the Gryffindor common room early that morning, than anything. It was however somewhat healthy, and always helped her hangovers. Meaning she ignored its gag inducing appearance and focused on the taste, which truthfully, was no better. "Look Catherine…" Potter started in a low voice. Charlotte groaned loudly, obviously loud enough that Potter stopped whatever he was saying mid sentence to raise a brow. She was used to this, yet it still annoyed this shit out of her every time it happened. "It's Charlotte you prat,'" she growled pushing away the bowl of porridge, somehow losing her appetite for vomity bland food. Charlotte could write a list of the number of people who forgot her name, continuously introduced themselves, asked if she was new or mixed up her name. That list would likely be longer than the potions essay she had yet to finish and that was one bloody long essay. "I'm not helping you," She said, rubbing the sides of her head in soothing circles, hoping the action took away the throbbing pain which still hadn't faded from the moment she woke up that morning. "Why not?" Potter moaned, his confused face turning down into a sad frown. The alcohol was obviously taking its time leaving her system, because her insides completely melted when she looked up to meet his puppy eyes. Charlotte inwardly wondered if he had used a charm to suddenly make his eyes seem so big and innocent, for she had never seen two orbs that had caused a reaction like this in her. She practically wanted to leap over the wooden table and crush the tall Quidditch captain in a bear hug and Godric knows that she NEVER hugged people. In fact, she made a point to be at least a broom's length apart from people. "One…You didn't even know my name." Potter went to interject, but Charlotte's hand which rose as fast as a whip to stop him from continuing, silencing him instantly. She had still yet to get to the most important point, and Hogwarts be damned if she didn't make it exactly clear why she had said no in the first place. "Two, I'm not helping you get with my bloody sister!" Yes, the incessant (attractive) fool had begged her to form a partnership of sorts in the hopes that it would win her sister's heart. Perhaps if her sister wasn't Lily, she would help him. However, she had the unavoidable disdainful pleasure of being the twin to the fabulous Lily Evans, and no amount of begging or use of his blue puppy dog eyes could convince her to help him win over her sister. Charlotte loved her sister; do not forget that one simple fact. She undeniably hated her all the same. She was THE EVANS. As far as the wizarding world knew, she doesn't have a sister. Forget the wizarding world, her bloody year continuously forgot that Lily Evans had a twin sister who was in every class she was, the same bloody house and shared a bloody dorm with her. Charlotte was simply the plainer version of Lily. Where Lily had voluminous ruby hair which graced her waist and never seemed to be tangled, Charlotte had dirty blonde hair which was in a constant state of knots and birds' nests no matter how many charms she put on her head. Charlottes deep blue eyes were nothing in contrast to Lily's forest green which always seemed to be laughing. Seriously whose eyes always looked like they were laughing? Bloody unnatural. Lily was small and petite, Charlotte was tall and had curves which unfortunately couldn't be hidden. Charlotte didn't mind her height however; It made her seem more intimidating to others if she practically towered over everyone at the school. Honestly, the only real physical connection that the twins had was their face. They had the same button nose and plumped ruby lips. Same heart shaped face and small chin. People still questioned their legitimacy whenever they were together however, and no matter how many times Lily told them that 'yes, we are twins', and 'no obviously not identical ', 'yes we don't look alike, obviously because we are not identical ', the conversation still resulted in the questioning in Charlottes legitimacy as an Evan, never Lily. This was why Charlotte, who both loved and hated her sister, refused to talk about her to anyone else. Potter certainly wasn't the first gentleman who had attempted to approach her in the hopes of getting her sisters attention. He was however doing the best, considering he was sitting before her still, un-hexed and all his bodily functions intact. This was most likely due to the fact that Charlotte could never bring herself to damage his beautiful face, no matter how much she denied his attractiveness. "Think of it this way," Potter offered, holding his hands out in a silent plea, his eyes still wide and on display. "You help me out, give me tips and stuff about Lily, and I'll do something for you." "Potter, not that having you owe me doesn't sound riveting." Which it truly didn't. "You do realise my sister can barely stand being in your presence. What makes you think that having my help will increase your chances of dating her?" Charlotte waited, watching with slight amusement as Potter's blue eyes glanced around the room desperately. She assumed he was looking for an excuse that would convert her