Chapter One - He's Changed. "I'm telling you…he's different." A resounding sigh flooded their train compartment as all eyes refrained from rolling at the incessant girl who sat in the corner with a determined look in her eyes. She paid no attention to it all, for her hazel eyes trailed the corridor, peering at those walking by. "Kay, just give it a rest already. We've only just gotten on the train and you're already bloody obsessing over Malfoy." A grumble was the only answer given, and the tall girl with midnight black hair sighed, shaking her head slightly as she watched her friend bite her nails. She'd once found it funny, and even endearing at times, her friends crush on Malfoy and it had been harmless at first. They, however, were in their 7th and last year at Hogwarts. They were adults in the eyes of the magical world, and she thought it best that Kaliyah grew up and got over it. But Maisie couldn't see it, nor could Lena who sat beside her and Paratha who sat opposite. Kaliyah wished Maisie, her best friend for many years, could at least try to listen to what she was saying, but she just flicked her black hair back from her shoulders and returned her attention to the magazine she'd been reading. "It's just a bloody feeling," Kaliyah mumbled, regretting she'd ever brought it up when all Maisie did was glare at her again, muttering to herself about the ridiculous drama Kaliyah's feelings always managed to get them in "You know, I heard Potter was gallivanting about in Diagon alley over the break," All three girls gave their attention to Lena, who rose a single brow as she shook her head. "He knows better than anyone who's out there looking for him, and he just walks around like he wants to be attacked." "I think its brave of him," Paratha said with a frown fixing her eyes somewhere outside. "He could just stay indoors all summer, terrified of every shadow that passes over him. But no, he faces his problems head on. I think what happened at the ministry is enough proof of that." The girls mumbled their agreement and Kaliyah had to slowly shake her head with disbelief, her blonde curls bouncing across her cheeks. "He's a fucking idiot in my opinion." Lena took as sharp intake of breath, which had Kay rolling her eyes. "Come on. He's risking his friends, his peers and the entire bloody school by coming to Hogwarts this year. It's already been proven that you-know-who can get into the school. Remember Quirrell? Black? Cedric?" "Kay!" Maisie snapped, her eyes flicking to Paratha whose eyes were downcast and winced tightly together. She couldn't believe the insensitivity of her friend. Albeit a crush, they all knew Paratha had always had a thing for Diggory, and had been crushed by his death. "And you're just guessing with Quirrell. It's all conjecture." "There is enough evidence!" Kay stressed, leaning forward with her forearms on her thighs. "And what about the Chamber of Bloody secrets? Blimey, he's a bloody parseltongue and it just so happens that it's a fucking Basilisk that went around petri-" Kaliyah's voice broke, and her brows furrowed in annoyance. "Kay-" Lena started, her voice full of concern as she put a hand on her friend's arm. "Don't you get it yet?" Kaliyah insisted, leaning back so Lena's hand fell back. She rubbed her cheek, ridding the momentary emotion that had flooded her. "It's all his bloody fault." "No, this is You-Know-Who's fault, and any half-witted twat who follows him. Now shut your mouth before I shut it for you." Kaliyah and Maisie glared at each other till Paratha begged them to stop. This was happening more and more often between their small group. They'd been inseparable since they were roomed together in their first year, and now that they were in the last, the fray's of their friendship were finally starting to show. Kaliyah's outspoken personality clashed quite brilliantly with Maisie, who was as righteous as a Gryffindor that somehow landed in Ravenclaw. Kaliyah had always joked that Maisie was a few IQ points away from a Gryffindor. But, being a pureblood, Maisie never really understood what she was talking about. Had Marcus and Cho, Belby and Chang respectively, been around, Kaliyah knew that Marcus would have said something ridiculous to ease the tension (whether or not that had been his intention ) and Cho's calm but firm manner would have quieted their ire. Or Maisie's at least. Unfortunately, Cho was off on prefect duties and Marcus...he was either off with his his friends from Hufflepuff, or possibly in Slug club. She'd heard a few students had been snatched away to a much larger compartment to have tea with Professor Slughorn. Can't imagine anyone willingly wanting to join a group named slugclub of all things. Had Davies, who completed his 7th the year prior, been around, he would have had taken Kaliyah's side, she was sure of it. The Ravenclaw captain and chaser had a quick wit and sharp tongue. An interesting combination for a ravenclaw that had gotten him into trouble more often than a captain of anything should have. He'd taken up an apprenticeship at a broom making shop in outer london. There had been little contact since unfortunately. Besides Malfoy who she was more fascinated by than anything( though she still fervently argued this ), she'd always had a bit of a thing for Roger. The rest of the train ride was left in stark silence. Conversations of no great importance and silent words being passed by looks. Kaliyah grew more than a little tired of the awkward silence, making a quiet excuse about the bathroom and left their compartment with a sigh. Being at the very back of the train, she took liberty in walking through several carriages. She muttered quick ' Hello's' and ' How was your summer?' to her fellow Ravenclaws as she passed them by, but avoided making conversation otherwise. She was just brushing past a few 3rd years near cabin F when she bumped into someone. Kaliyah could honestly say she'd rather bump into a giant Acromantula than have the displeasure of brushing any part of her body with Blaise Zabini. He was tall, lithe like a beanpole and had dark eyes, fair few shades darker than his skin which reminded her of smooth milk chocolate. Like Malfoy, he turned his nose up to her, though his mistreatment was a little more personal than Malfoy's had ever been. "Are we going to start early this year little Mudblood?" He asked in his calm smooth voice that had chills crawling her spine. She glared, brushing her arm off as though it was matted with all sorts of dirt, and ensured he knew the pure disdain she felt for him. He didn't need to glare for her to know the pure disgust he felt in her presence. "How about we don't start at all, Zabini, and you drop dead ," She spat, straightening her robes and subtly pulling out her wand in the process. He wasn't subtle about it at all though, his wand flicking from his sleeve. At the action, she bent her knees by just a fraction, not enough to be noticeable, but enough that she felt ready for whatever curses he'd throw her way. She'd practised over the summer. It wouldn't be like last year or the year before. This year she was ready. "I-" "Zabini." They both turned, and her breath hitched. Malfoy in all his alabaster white glory. Maisie always said she never understood Kaliyah's fascination with the bleach blonde boy who was a year beneath them both but, in Kaliyah's opinion, it couldn't be helped. He was one of the most intensely beautiful creatures she'd ever seen. It was often unfortunate that he had to open his mouth, for it ruined his image entirely. Ruined him entirely. He held an immaturity that she found somewhat disappointing. He'd act, through mannerisms and the way he held himself, like a pure-blooded aristocrat, but then he would open his bloody mouth and spew out all sorts of rubbish. It wasn't witty or impressive and at times, plain embarrassing. He whined like a small child, bragged like a brat and brought his father up in far too many conversations to be considered remotely normal. She liked his appearance , something her friends failed to grip. But, as she'd tried to tell her friends when she'd seen him a few times during the summer and at the station, he'd changed. Gone was the smirk on his lips and excitement in his eyes, replaced with a firm tight line and dull grey hazy eyes. And Kaliyah found herself desperately wanting to know what changed. He'd been a part of the inquisitorial squad the previous year for that wretched excuse for a witch, Umbridge , but she doubted that it would have any impact on whatever was going on with him currently. After all, as far as she knew, the twat was fond of Malfoy. "You can curse the Mudblood bitch later. We need to talk." Though he said it with his usual amount of spite, it just wasn't present in his eyes. So vacant he seemed. He didn't seem to thrill in the vile words, knowing he hurt her feelings as it did every time he said it. In fact, it looked like he didn't care what she felt about it at all. Her cheeks flooded with colour as she glared at Zabini's form walking away from her. He walked past Malfoy, and they shared a quiet word before he moved on. Malfoy looked at her with an intense glare of hatred. It took all she had in her to flip him off and swing on her heels acting as though his glare meant nothing. That was Kay's usual reaction to his stupidity and just because he changed, doesn't mean she would as well. She met back up with her friends and apologised with an excuse of being on her period, which earned a few giggles and a retching sound from Marcus who'd joined the small group in her absence, and got changed into her robes. She left her torn jeans and sweater on, knowing they could hardly be seen in the senior robes anyway. They'd been chatting about the new breed of dragons located in south-east Asia when the train finally stopped off at Hogsmeade. Kaliyah was a pit sour for it, as she had always been fond of Dragons and discussing something she brought up in conversation in which she was the most knowledgeable on. Maisie and Lena often teased that her Slytherin was showing whenever her pride became so blindingly obvious. Kay rolled her eyes and shrugged it off, refusing to believe she had any traits even remotely Slytherin. By the time they got out of their carriage, the sun had fallen and it was pitch black outside with the exception of the light of the train station. With a yawn and obnoxious stretch of her limbs, Kay walked beside Paratha to where they knew the carriages awaited. When eventually the lights from the station faded into the background, they got out their wands to light a soft lumos. Kaliyah would have done the same, but she'd put her wand in her satchel whilst getting dressed…and her satchel was nowhere to be seen. "Aw shit." Kay cursed, ignoring Lena's furrowed brow at her abrasive language. She rubbed her forehead and sighed, looking at her friends who paused, knowing something was wrong. "Listen, I've left my stuff on the train. Don't wait up, I'll catch a later carriage." "You sure?" Maisie asked, brows furrowed and her arms crossed on her shoulders. "Its pretty dark, and i'm not sure any of us should be alone at the moment with you-know-who back and all…" Lena agreed and Paratha didn't seem to