A/N: This is my first LOTR story. I haven't read the books yet, but I'm working to remedy that soon. If anyone wants to volunteer to be my beta for this project let me know. Just a heads up to Tolkien purists...the beauty about fan-fiction is that the writer can shape dialogs and situations as they see fit; it's rather liberating to use your imagination. I don't know if my female character will be considered a Mary-Sue or not, judge at your own discretion. So, if you're a purists or a possible Mary-Sue loather, do not flame me if you read this and find that it violates your literary taste buds. This is essentially for fun. Timeless Chapter 1: Unexpected Beginnings It was a beautiful, sunny day. The sky so blue, so clear, barely any clouds in sight, and the wind a perfect temperature, slow and steady. Trees so green, the grass inviting, fields of gold decorating the multi-hued landscape. A perfect day to be outdoors. "Kara, wait!" A young girl, long blond hair trailing behind her fleeing form, smiled mischievously while running from an older woman, called out gleefully, "Catch me if you can!" Her giggles erupted and danced on the wind as she ran around one of the fields that rested along the border of Mirkwood. Little did either know that more than one creature was aware of their presence, their merriment. Kara laughed harder as she tripped and her mother gained on her. She let out a squeal, finding herself wrapped tight in her mother's arms. "Again, again," she requested, eager to enjoy the beautiful day, a perfect moment. Her daughter squirmed, wanting free of her hold. She was eager to run, to play, to explore. "My sweet one, where do you wish to go?" "There." Her finger pointed towards the shadowed confines of the forest. Her mother's face paled slightly, knowing the dangers that lay within; almost every mortal she'd ever known who'd entered never returned. There were rumors of a powerful Elven King, who fought the evil that threatened to corrupt the ancient forest in its entirety. It was told that the influence and strength of he and his skilled warriors prevented the evils within from spreading, affecting mortals and immortals alike. How does one explain such a dilemma to a eight year old child? She wouldn't understand the dangers, and if she happened upon one of the elves, how could she begin to comprehend the interactions with their ancient, solitary race? Elves had chosen long ago to avoid the affairs of men and dwarves, if possible. So they'd decided after much deliberation to leave the world of men to their own devices: their love, hate, misery, greed, prejudices that were no longer the elves' concern. No, her daughter wouldn't understand. 'Twas a conversation best addressed when she grew older, when she was better able to comprehend a race both complex beings that lived fairly simple lives. Her attention returned to her daughter, away from her private musings, inquiring if she was allowed to enter the forest that bewitched her so. "Can I go there, mama?" Wide-eyed innocence radiated from her green eyes. "Maybe someday, but not today, dearest." Kara begin to pout and beg, wishing to visit one of the places in her dreams, a place of beauty to her young eyes. "When?" "Perhaps when you're older. There's much you don't understand, but you will. It looks like something out of a fairytale, doesn't it?" Her mother asked quietly, her eyes held captive by the deceptively dark, yet enthralling forest. Beyond the tree-line, a feeling, a call, emanated, as foreboding to her as it was thrilling, exciting, to her daughter. Kara nodded, blond curls bouncing with the movement. "Mirkwood is anything but a fairytale. There is both happiness and tragedy that exists, entwined with the land and the elves who dwell there." The sombre light in her green eyes slowly faded. Joy and laughter filled them once again. Setting her daughter down, she smiled and watched the source of her pride, her joy, her love, run free. She was bright as the shining sun, heating their skin on this fair weather day, swift as the ever-changing wind, filled with many questions, always seeking answers. "No! Kara! Don't..." She watched in horror as her daughter darted past Mirkwood's boundary. She momentarily hesitated. Suddenly, fear propelled her forward into the forest, and she prayed to whatever deity listening that they would watch over her child, spare her from any evil, from the hands of death, itself. …... "Legolas." Turning to his friends behind him, Legolas, Prince of Mirkwood, glanced back questioningly. Bow in hand, arrow notched and ready to fly, his blue eyes surveyed their surroundings feeling a presence quickly approaching. He nodded silently, acknowledging the sounds his friends heard. Surely not. It couldn't be... A giggle. A young child by the sound. What was an elfling doing in the forest, and alone at that? More giggling floated their way, dancing on the light breeze, lightening their stoic hearts, bringing smiles to all the ellyn present. Innocence. Naivety. Curiosity. Joy. Qualities that malice and hatred and evil would quickly obliterate. Darkness would extinguish the beauty and purity of such a precious, resplendent soul. Time was of the essence and this little one must be found and returned home safely. Legolas gestured to the other elves to move forward when the snapping of twigs grew louder, closer. He stood there watching in amusement as a young girl ran towards him, unaware that her path was obstructed, caught up in the enchantment surrounding her. She quickly glanced behind her before facing forward again and promptly ran into a solid wall. She fell to the dirt, her body twisting sideways with the sudden shift in balance. She winced as small rocks, sticks and slivers of plant-life and tree roots slid across her head, palms and knees abrading the delicate skin, blood rising to the surface. He frowned, concerned for her well-being. Several gasps reached his superior hearing as she fell. His company alarmed at her fall would be upset to bear witness to the injuries she now bore. The prince was taken aback as a small but slightly grim smile touched her lips and vanished as rapidly as it had come. "Are you alright, young one?" "Ow", she muttered, getting up slowly and rubbing her head. "Oh, momma will really be mad now." she stated quietly. Abrasions covered both palms, skin slightly peeled back, small amounts of blood smeared across the pale, torn flesh. Damp earth soiled her formerly pristine, blue gown, now ripped around her tiny wrists and knees, her long blond hair disheveled and hanging in messy tendrils, framing her young, fair face. Her head snapped up quickly hearing laughter surrounding her. Who dared laugh at her? She may not be Elvish, nor possess their gracefulness, but she deserved respect, not mockery. Narrowing her eyes, pine colored orbs snapping in momentary anger, small fingers nimbly pushed her pale locks behind her ears, blood coloring the strands of hair caressed by her wounded palms. Legolas' smile vanished as he fully observed her countenance. Bright blue eyes widened in astonishment, hardly believing the sight before him. She was human. "What is your name little one?" Eyes wide in surprise or fear, her emotion ambiguous until she graced him with a blinding smile. "I am Kara. I've been instructed not to speak to strangers, but I suppose you're allowed since you're an elf, and elves are good." He nodded, agreeing to her affirmative statement, bending down to gather her in his strong arms, cautious of his weapons, even more cautious of the gleam emanating from her inquisitive, emerald eyes. "You're a beautiful elf!" She exclaimed and gently took his face in her tiny hands. Her eyes perused his eyes, face, arms and hands, wonderment and curiosity abounding. He smirked, giving his thanks, ignoring the fact that her blood marked his cheeks. "That's all we need, child, he's already rather arrogant for an elf." A second voice teased from the confines of the trees. A blond and two brunette elves stepped from their hiding places, bows in hand and arrows ready to fire at a moments notice. He greeted them one by one. "Haldir. Elrohir. Elladan." He gestured to the little female in his arms, "This is Kara." He pointed to each one as he named them. "Haldir lives in Lothlorien and is a warden there. A warden is one of their border guards," he said, anticipating her unspoken question. "Elladan and Elrohir are sons of Lord Elrond. He's the ruler over Rivendell, another Elven city on the other side of the Misty Mountains." Legolas' voice dropped lower, whispering, "Those two are vicious pranksters. It'd be best if you stayed far from their reckless influence. Stay by me, and I'll protect you." If possible, the hero worship in her eyes increased. She sighed happily, wrapping her arms around his neck and sighed blissfully, "I knew it! You're everything I thought you'd be." Her small fingers lightly caressed his forehead and slid down his cheeks, wiping away the traces of her blood, to rub his masculine lips softly. Wistful, she smiled innocently. "You're so beautiful," she exhaled slowly, confiding to him her child-like, truthful thoughts. The twins lowered their weapons and snickered, attempting to hide their mirth behind tightly pressed lips, eyes darkening with laughter, their expressions boding ill for the young royal. Haldir his back against a tree, long, silvery hair hanging neatly over his shoulders, smirked. "How 'bout that, your highness? She says you're beautiful. She doesn't know you like we do, nor how quite the number of elleth know you." Flashing Haldir a smug look she stated with certainty, with conviction "He may be arrogant, but he's still beautiful. He's mine," she growled protectively, jealously, like two children over a favorite, coveted toy. He's my beautiful elf." Tenderly gripping his handsome face in her grasp, she leaned forward and lightly touched her lips to his. Four sets of eyebrows rose into the treetops. Shock, and nothing less, could be named for her surprising actions. "Taking to them whilst fledglings? You'll have somewhat of a wait for this one." One of the twins, Elrohir, indicated with a slight nod of his head. Elladan grinned in agreement. Elladan and Elrohir chuckled behind their hands. Haldir shook his head, amazed at the girl's brazenness. They could readily recall the number of incidences where maidens either took or shared certain liberties with the handsome heir. However, they had all reached their majority and this female couldn't be more than ten years of age. Abruptly, four heads swiveled in one direction, their exceptional hearing picking up sounds of breaking twigs and dead leaves crunching under someone's feet. Someone in a great rush. "Someone's coming." "Kara!" A very distinct, worried, feminine voice echoed through the clearing and nearby area. "Kara, where are you?" Haldir approached Legolas; the young girl held firmly against his chest watching him warily. "I mean you no harm. Kara is your name, I take it?" She nodded. "That's my mama calling." Elladan approached the trio. "Call out to her sweeting. She needs to know that you aren't harmed." He slowly reached out and rubbed the top of her head. "We will stay until you're safely reunited." "Okay, Sir Elladan." "Mama!" Her cry rang loudly, almost forcing the elves to cover their ears, protect their hearing; an asset that was both a blessing and a curse. Moments later a frightened woman stumbled into the clearing, her forest green eyes relieved to find her daughter safe, yet uncertain of the motives of the elves standing there, one who held her child close. Protected. Haldir and the twins moved back, allowing the mother and daughter their space. "I found you," she exclaimed anxiously. Her hands reached out to take Kara but her little girl willfully clung to the extraordinarily handsome, blond elf. "Kara, come.