Albus Potter stood at the entrance of the scarlet colored steam engine known as the Hogwarts Express. He was lost in thought, focusing on his father's words. "– then Slytherin House will have gained an excellent student, won't it? " Mid thought, Albus felt a thump on the back of his head. "Go on, Al!" his cousin Rose shouted at him. "You're holding everyone up." "Sorry," he mumbled, rubbing the back of his head and entering the train. He started walking down the train car, looking for an empty compartment he could occupy. He eventually found an empty compartment at the end of the corridor, on the right. He entered the compartment, hoping company would eventually join him. Albus heard a huff and someone murmur, "You can do this," before the door slid open. Standing in the doorway was a short, chubby girl with caramel colored skin and chestnut brown colored wavy hair. Her icy blue eyes contacted Albus' green almond shaped ones then quickly shot down to the floor. "Can… can I join you?" she asked quietly, "The other compartments are too crowded." Albus smiled, "Of course." She half-smiled back and sat down in the seat across from Albus, looking down to the ground. "I'm Albus," he said, kindly offering his hand to the girl, smiling. "Albus Potter." "I'm Brielle…" she spoke quietly. "Brielle Jensen… you can um, call me Bri." She quickly looked down, not noticing Albus' hand. She then quickly looked back up realizing he had offered his hand. She hurriedly shook it, blushing. She then pulled back her hand and shoved both into her hoodie pockets. Only half a minute later the compartment door slid open once more and there stood his cousin Rose, her red-brown curly hair tied back into a ponytail. "Can I sit here with you?" she asked. "I was sitting with James and his mates, but he started snogging a girl and it got quite uncomfortable." She stood there still, hand on her hip. "Sure," Albus responded. Rose took a seat next to Brielle, who was still keeping to herself, even more so because of Rose. Rose turned to the girl next to her, "And you are?" "That's Brielle Jensen," Albus quickly said, saving the shy girl from having to interact with his somewhat rude cousin. "Well hello Brielle," Rose said to Brielle. "I'm Rose, Albus' cousin." After she had said that, she quickly pulled a small sized book from her pocket and cracked it open to a dog-eared page and began reading. Albus sat there awkwardly in silence, his cousin ignoring him and Brielle being too shy to say anything. Albus finally had enough and broke the silence. "So Bri," he started, "Where are you from?" Her eye's shot up and her face kind of looked shocked or surprised. "Oh, well… I'm from Norwich, which is in Norfolk county," she responded. It was the loudest she had spoken yet, which still wasn't too loud but was better than the mumbling she had been doing. "I've never been but I bet it's quite nice there," Albus said in response. "I'm from Essex." "Wait, you said your name is Potter?" Brielle spoke, "Like – " "Yes, like Harry Potter," Albus interrupted. "He's my father." "I was going to say like Ginny Potter," she said. "The woman who played for the Hollyhead Harpies, y'know the Quidditch team?" "Oh," Albus said, kind of glad he wasn't recognized because of his father. "Yeah, she's my mum." "Awesome!" Brielle almost shouted, she quickly covered her mouth, blushing. "Sorry, it's just I really see her as a role model." Albus had begun grinning. "You like Quidditch?" Brielle smiled and nodded. "Do you?" "Of course," Albus responded. The two eleven-year-olds began a quite longer conversation about Quidditch which lead to more topics and he learned she also collected Famous Wizard Cards like he did and she had almost as many as him, which he found impressive. At around twelve-thirty or so there was a loud clattering outside the compartment before the door slid open. A plump, rosy cheeked witch had a cart full of sweets in front of her. She smiled at the three children and asked, "Anything from the car, dears?" Albus stood and smiled back at her. She was a bit shorter than him, which he was used to. He was quite taller than most people his age and even some adults. "What would you like dear?" she asked, still smiling. "Umm…" he looked at the collection of sweets. "A stack of cauldron cakes… three chocolate frogs and two boxes of Bertie Botts please." She collected and handed him the sweets. "There you are, dear. That'll be one Galleon and two Sickles." Albus dug his payment out from his pockets and handed it to the Trolley Witch. "Enjoy," she grinned at him as she pushed her cart away. Albus set down the sweets in an empty seat and slid the door closed. "You two can help yourselves," Albus told the two girls. Rose finally looked up from her book. "Thanks Al, I am getting quite hungry." She took a Cauldron Cake and ate it in one bite, leaving icing all over her mouth, causing Albus to laugh, Brielle soon joining in. "What?!" Rose said, looking confused. "Your – "Albus tried saying in between hyucks, "Your mouth." Rose blushed and quickly wiped her mouth. "Better?" Albus nodded as both he and Brielle's laughing calmed down. Rose faked a snarl at Albus before turning back to her book. Even though they seemed to be quite rude to each other, Albus and Rose always had a close relationship since they were just toddlers. After about another two and a half hours passed they had made their way through all the sweets. Albus had come across plenty of foul tasting bean such as liver and rotten trout. "Hey Albus," Brielle started after the three had been in silence for about ten minutes. "What house do you expect to be in?" Albus gulped. "Well, my whole family has been in Gryffindor and my older brother James currently is, he's going into his third year this term, but I really don't know what house I'll be in. I guess we'll see in a bit." Brielle nodded. "I like the idea of all the houses to be honest. I know Slytherin has a bad rep but the personality traits that go with it aren't that bad. They just know what they want and will fight for it, I like that." "Yeah," Albus responded. "Me too." That had made him feel a lot better about being possibly being sorted into Slytherin like his brother had teased about. "What about your wand?" She asked him. "Mine is made of beech, it's eleven and three-quarters inches long and it' core is a lock of kneazle fur." "Mine is made of willow," responded. "It's twelve and a half inches and has a core of a dragon's heartstring." Brielle nodded and grinned. After another two or so hours, Rose suggested they change into their robes, so Albus had moved to an empty compartment to change. He then returned to his original compartment and sat down. He had then turned to look out the window, watching the sun slowly set. About an hour later, a voice echoed through the train: "We will be reaching Hogwarts in five minutes' time. Please leave your luggage on the train, it will be taken to the school separately." They all stood, all three of them pale and nervous looking in the face. They slowly exited the compartment and joined the large group of students in the corridor. The train finally slowed itself to a complete stop, smoke billowing past the windows. Everyone shoved and pushed their way through the exit and onto the small, dimly lit platform of Hogsmeade Station. Albus felt the cool breeze of nighttime blow past his face, causing him to shiver. In a matter of minutes a dimly lit lantern appeared over the head of all the first years that stood there, as the upperclassman had already left on the carriages. "Firs' years! Firs' years over here!" A familiar voice called out. Albus looked up to see a familiar face to go with the voice. "Hello Hagrid!" Albus called over the loud children. "'Ey there Al!" he greeted back. "Alright firs' years, c'mon follow me! – any ore firs' year? Mind yer step, now! Firs' years follow me!" Albus, Rose and Brielle walked with the other first years, following Hagrid down a steep and narrow path. Albus though there must have been tall, thick brush or trees on either side of them but he couldn't be too sure because of how dark it was. They all kept quite quiet the whole time, someone maybe coughing once or twice. "Yeh'll getta see Hogwart' in jus' a sec now," Hagrid somewhat shouted over his shoulder. "Jus' round this bend here." There were quite a few "ooh's" and gasps from the first years including Albus. The narrow path had opened to the edge of a great black lake. Perched atop a high mountain on the other side, its crystal glass windows sparkling in the starry sky, was a large castle with many turrets and towers. "Four or less to a boat!" Hagrid called out as he pointed to a fleet of little boats floating in the lake by the shore. Hagrid took a boat to himself as Albus, Bri and Rose got into a boat followed by a boy with grey eyes, slicked black blonde hair and an almost pointed nose. Albus recognized the boy, his Uncle Ron had pointed him and his father out back at Platform 9¾. He couldn't quite remember his name though. "Everyone in?!" Hagrid shouted from his boat. "Alright then – FORWARD!" The fleet of little boats then began to move themselves across the lake. Everyone was quiet, either looking up at the floating lanterns or at the great castle ahead of them. They began to sail nearer and nearer to the cliff the castle sat on. Albus gulped. "Heads down!" yelled Hagrid as they had reached the cliff. All the students bent down their heads and they were lead through a curtain of ivy and into a wide opening in the cliff face. They were carried through a dark tunnel that seemed to go right underneath the castle. They then reached what was like an underground harbor. They all exited their boats onto the gravel and pebbles. "Alright then, let's keep moving," Hagrid told them as he lead them up a passageway in the rock, which opened to smooth, wet grass which was right under the shadow of Hogwarts Castle. He then walked them up a flight of stone steps and had them crowd around the huge, oak front door. Hagrid looked at the group of first years. "Everyone here?" He asked. "Alright." He rose a gigantic fist and knocked thrice on the large, wooden door. Almost immediately the door swung open. A tall, buck toothed wizard with brown hair in black robes stood there. Albus recognized the wizard as Neville Longbottom, a friend of his fathers' and just a family friend in general. "The firs' years, Professor Longbottom," said Hagrid. "Thanks Hagrid, I can take them from here," Neville responded with a smile. Hagrid nodded, smiling and walking off. Neville opened the door wider to reveal the entrance hall, which was so big you could fit maybe one or even two dozen people Hagrid's size in it. The stone walls were lit with flaming torches and the ceiling was too high to really make out and there was a very large marble staircase that lead to the upper floors. Neville began to lead them over the flagged stone floor. Albus heard hundreds of voices come from a doorway to the right of them, that was where all the upperclassmen must have been, but Neville took them to a small, empty chamber off the hall. They all