*THIS IS A SEQUEL TO "NEVER MINE," PLEASE READ THAT FIRST OR ELSE THIS STORY IS NOT GOING TO MAKE A WHOLE LOT OF SENSE!* I will also note now and only now that this story is MATURE and DARK, please read all tags before continuing. There are sexual scenes as well as graphic violence and language. You have been warned. Tags: Angst, Death, Fingering, H/C, H/J, Lang, MC, M/F, Oral, Tort, Violence Disclaimer: I do not own the rights to the Harry Potter world or characters which belong to J.K. Rowling and Warner Bros. I intend no copyright infringement by using the characters therein. ... I had known from the very first it had to be like this. A clean cut healed better than a jagged gash. The only thing I could give her was the easiest way to heal. Her screams tore after me, ripping at my heart and my resolution. But I didn't turn, didn't falter. I whipped around the corner and continued at my brisk pace, the pain all-but consuming me. I could hear her stop, knew her heart was shattering just as completely as mine. At least I had the comfort of knowing that hers would mend; she would move on, she would make a life, have a family, a future, a chance for happiness. Not something I could say for myself. But the look on her face as I had turned from her for the last time almost had me on my knees, wishing once again that she could find a way to save me, to save us, a way we could have that future I had clung to so desperately these last few months. But I knew there was not. There was only one solution, one end for someone like me. It was just. It was right. I couldn't say I regretted Hermione coming into my life; it would be a lie of colossal proportions. She had brought out in me something I had never known existed. I loved her with an intensity that was almost painful. I could die now happily thanks to her. Her pleas to save me had fallen on deaf ears. Didn't she realize she already had saved me? I was not without regrets, no. I regretted nearly every single thing I had done in my short life, a gnawing pain in my chest reminding me of those atrocious deeds. But this, this I could do without regret. I would give the only thing I could to the Order; kill the last bit of the mother-fucker who had ruined the lives of so many, including my own. I could show Hermione, finally, that I was a different man than the one I had been. I had done everything I could to prepare them. Now it was time to end it, once and for all. And that began with ending myself. As I trotted down another staircase I thought back to every moment with Hermione; this was the only thing that was going to get me through these next few minutes, these last endless breaths. I remembered every heartbeat as she had lifted me bodily on that battle field, the fiery gleam in her eyes that war had put there. It was the first time I'd seen her since the manor and she was more beautiful than I had remembered, even in my most vivid dreams. And when she'd given me a choice I had been…speechless. It had been hard to fathom that she was giving me a chance, one last chance at redemption. If she had been anyone other than Hermione Granger, I would have been dead before I could blink, and I wouldn't have blamed them. But she was Hermione Granger; forever forgiving, forever believing in the good of humanity. She had believed in me even when I hadn't believed in myself. She had never given up on me, no matter how dreadfully I treated her. I had tried hard, so hard, to keep her at bay, to keep her away from all of this. She didn't need to be sucked into my troubles. I had enough to deal with without worrying about her as well. But she had wheedled her way in, and soon I couldn't stand to be without her. I couldn't stop myself from kissing her, from making her mine once and for all. Because I had loved Hermione Granger for as long as I cared to remember. At first, I had loathed her. Everything from her bushy hair and her buck teeth to her dirty blood and bossy attitude. That loathing had seeped into jealousy as she beat me in every single subject. There was nothing that Granger girl didn't know, nothing she couldn't do better than everyone else in our year. I had seen her dedication, her determination, her loyalty to Potter and Weasley. It sickened me that she trailed after them like a puppy, all but wiping the spittle from their chins. She deserved a man, someone who could challenge her, excite her. Someone like me. But she had shown me exactly what she thought of my pompous arse when she'd slapped me for making fun of the blundering oaf and his ridiculous pet. I had loved her then. Right at that moment, I had wanted to kiss her, an instinct that was consuming and terrifying, one I knew I must hide at all costs. I would surely be disinherited if my father ever knew I lusted for a Mudblood. I distinctly remember feeling my first jolt of fear for Hermione, a feeling which would repeat itself many times over the next several years. I'd been standing in a copse of trees watching tents burn and people flee, the Roberts family floating above them all. Then I'd seen her with those bumbling idiots and I'd felt the blood in my veins turn to ice. It made sense that she wouldn't understand the magnitude of danger she was in, but Weasley should have known better. Didn't those morons feel any sense of protectiveness over their endangered friend? Didn't they realize what would happen to her if she were found? I'd done everything to instill that sense of peril, to make them understand that they needed to get her out now! I had kept a close watch on them until they were surrounded by Ministry members and I finally felt safe enough to leave her and return to where I'd been bid to remain until my father came to claim me. Then at the Yule Ball I had watched her walk into the gleaming Great Hall on the arm of Viktor Krum, an internationally famous Quidditch player, one I had once snuck a poster of into my room before father had found it and torn it down. She had been…radiant. Every inch of her sparkled. She was beautiful. She was perfect. It wasn't long after that night I realized I risked much more than a title if it were found I had feelings for her. The Dark Lord was back and my father expected me to take my rightful place by his side. If I didn't learn to hide my feelings well I could be killed and Hermione…she would be hunted. She would be in more danger than she already was. And I doubted she ever really knew how much that was. A Mudblood, the best friend to Harry Potter with intelligence rivaling the Dark Lord's at that age. She could make a formidable rival, or a vital ally, though I had made it clear to the Dark Lord from the first that Hermione Granger would never join our side and it would be unwise to attempt, a fact they had realized in her week-long stay at the Manor. A week which had tested me more than any other. The instant I heard she had been captured and was under the care of none other than my malicious aunt I went straight to her, begging to be taken to the Mudblood, to learn from her torturous ways. A little flattery had gone a long way to my doting Auntie Bella and she had pulled me down to our highest security dungeon cell. I was almost sick at the sight. Hermione had only been there a few hours but already she had been so brutally beaten she was almost unrecognizable. But I would know her anywhere, she'd been my secret obsession for so long... I had spared her more cruelty that day by reminding my vicious relative that if she was dead we couldn't question her and she had grudgingly left the girl for the evening. I was taken from the manor the next three days for a Muggle hunt. I was punished more during those days for my wavering attention than I'd ever been, my mind stuck with Hermione where she could meet her death any moment. I couldn't eat or sleep; my stomach in knots until we returned and I once again begged my aunt to let me return with her to our prisoner. Believing this to be a good sign of my blood-lust, she had taken me back down where I had choked back bile once more. Hermione's face was swollen, blood caked her hair. She had been stripped and lash marks riddled her body, her arm twisted sickeningly at her side, burn marks scorched up and down her legs. One knee was so swollen she couldn't bend it, her right foot was laying on its side, the ankle snapped. She couldn't barely open her blood crusted eyes and hadn't spoken a word, but stared at me, that penetrating gaze boring straight to my heart. I knew I had to get her out of there before they killed her. When it had been my turn to torture her at Aunt Bella's instruction, I had caught her eye and widened mine, hoping my signal came across, but she just closed her eyes in defeat. I cast the spells while silently producing a Shield Charm at the same time. Scream, I had begged her, but no sound came. Terrified my aunt would figure out my plot, I lifted the spell and turned to her, ready to face my punishment. But she had stridden to Hermione and kicked her over. She'd looked up at me, a sick glee flashing in her eyes. "Well, my sweet little nephew," she had crooned. "You have learned more than I had bargained. I believe you may have killed the Mudblood wench!" "NO!" I had shrieked, horrified. Aunt Bella had cackled and hugged me, thinking I had said it in disbelief rather than terror. "You're going to be just like dear old auntie, aren't you?" she'd muttered, kissing my cheek. I swallowed the lump in my throat, my body numb. Finally, I knelt at Hermione's side and watched. Slowly, she drew in a weak breath and I'd nearly crumpled in relief. She was alive. "Oh," the demented witch had said dejectedly. "She's just passed out again. Weak little bitch." I spent the next days trying to sneak water or food down to her but was thwarted, either summoned by another Death Eater or else caught on my way down and having to make some other excuse to hurry away. Finally, a week after her arrival, a meeting was being held for some of the more prominent members and I, not being one of them, was sent to my room. I snuck out, found Hermione's wand in my aunt's room, and raced down to the dungeon, opening the door with my Dark Mark. Once in I had Stunned her, Disillusioned her, and Levitated her outside. I crept through the shadows, my heart in my throat, sneaking out of the eerily quiet manor. As soon as I had opened the gates with my Mark I undid the spells and shoved her wand into her hand before she was aware of her surroundings. I watched her limp a few steps, looking around disoriented,