A/N: Tags: Abuse Angst COMPLETE Death Fingering H/C HJ MC M/F MiCD Oral Preg Tort Violence WIP This story is interwoven between book canon. If you are not familiar with the books you may find yourself a little confused at times, because it is completely based off Hermione's perspective of the events. Lots of dark angst and delicious Dramione sex ensue! You can find more of my stories on Adult-FanFiction under the same name. You must be 18 to enter the site and as such, any of my writings are ADULT themed. If you prefer to contact me privately or would just prefer to have a longer discourse about anything, you can email me directly at yourcookiedoughbaby at yahoo or PM me here. This story is finished and will be updating every few days when I have time. I do my own beta-ing so PLEASE let me know if you catch anything that needs my attention. I am only human, after all. XXXXXXXXXX Nearly every day it was something new. She'd catch him looking at her across the hall during dinner. He would brush shoulders with her in the corridor when there was plenty of room to go around. He'd follow her into the store cupboard during Potion's class when she needed more ingredients. He never said a word, but the occurrences happened more and more throughout the years. She never told anyone about it. It wasn't until fourth year that she noticed things change. Walking into the Great Hall on Viktor's arm she'd caught eyes with him, watched his go wide, his mouth drop slightly. That was the first time she'd ever responded. She had smiled back, watched his jaw clench. Worried she'd done something wrong. She tried to ignore it. In front of people and to her face he was the same cruel, arrogant boy. The snide remarks were fewer and further between, but those smoldering looks frequented. It wasn't long before those eyes invaded her dreams, her spare moments. Wasn't much longer before she was sneaking her own looks, hoping to catch him in the act. She grew more worried that someone would notice the smile she gave him, the smirk he returned with. Someone had to notice that they bumped into each other far too often in the halls, that they sat in far too close proximity in the library. When she realized on the first day of their fifth year that he was a prefect as well her heart fluttered. He'd caught her eye in the prefect car on the Hogwarts Express and winked at her. She'd felt her knees go weak. The growls emanating from Ron kept her focused, however, on the very real fact that he was everything she hated. She was nervous the first night they shared patrol together, but nothing happened. She hadn't even run into him. Doubted he'd even shown up. The second time she wished vaguely that she would catch a glimpse of him. But there was nothing. By the third mutual patrol she realized how much she wished he would make some kind of move, something that would explain this irrational behavior. The looks and brushes had become a little more than a little unnerving and she was finding it hard to remember who it was she was dealing with. It was mid-December the first time it happened. She walked the corridors, wand in hand, pulling her cloak tighter around her shoulders, watching her breath mist before her. Arms surrounded her and her heart jumped into her throat, a muffled scream falling to the gloved hand clapped over her mouth. Before she even had time to raise her wand she was shoved against the wall, the hand being replaced by a pair of lips. Horrified, she shoved against her assailant hard enough so that he took a step back into the moonlight streaming from a high window, her wand at his chest. He looked down at her, his eyes dark as the night around them, his gaze one of pure desire. She kept her wand raised until his hand came forward and lowered it. Softer this time, he stepped forward, pressing her into the wall, his entire body enfolding her. When his lips met hers again she was ready, her face tilted up to meet his. She knew she would later dream of the feel of him, warm and hard, his lips eager. His fingers dug into her, clenching her neck and arm so tight it was almost painful, but erotic in the most primal way, evidence to all he held back. When he pulled away they were both panting, their breath fusing in the frosty air. Their eyes held for a long moment, the tension palpable. And then he was gone as if he had never been, the only evidence of his presence the heat from where he'd touched her. She stood there for a long time, her fingers pressed against her lips before leaving the occurrence to fade away into the night. The next day he had avoided her at all cost, not meeting her gaze when she snuck one across the hall, not searching her out in the corridors or even the library after dinner. And then it was Christmas break and he was gone and she was whisked to Headquarters to be with everyone after Arthur was attacked. Seeing the distress upon his family and friend's faces and feeling the tight fear of possibly losing the only father figure who understood her, she was reminded harshly of her betrayal. She was set, therefore, by the time they returned to Hogwarts that she would ignore him completely until he got the point that she wanted nothing to do with him or his kind. Her loyalty was to Harry and the Order and she would not waver. And so the weeks passed under the tyranny of Umbridge and she continued to assist Harry in DA lessons and ignored Draco's every advance. Well, she would have if there were any. It wasn't until spring began to blossom that she started to feel his eyes on her again, noticed his immediate propinquity in the halls, his lingering presence in the library. She told herself it was only because he was a part of the Inquisitorial Squad, nothing else. He suspected she was up to something. And why shouldn't he? Several DA members were reporting being followed. She knew it was only a matter of time before they were caught. She was more observant during patrol in case he decided to repeat their previous encounter. But he was nowhere to be seen. As the end of the year approached she was immersed in O.W.L practice tests, the library dimmed except for her table. Madam Pince allowed her to stay after hours as long as she closed up after herself. Rubbing her tired eyes she pushed herself to her feet and dragged several tomes back to their places on the shelf, knowing she wouldn't get anything more done tonight. She never heard a sound before she was shoved face-first against a shelf, the book in her hands smashing her fingers against the wood. She shrieked before her mouth was covered and she cursed herself for leaving her wand in her bag next to her chair. She struggled but her captor was much too strong. She whimpered as she recognized his scent, that cologne which seemed to permeate her robes after a simple brush in the hall. His hard body pressed her into the shelving, his hot breath on her neck. She felt a thrill of fear, but also of something completely foreign when his lips found the crease of her neck and shoulder, his teeth gently nipping. Determined not to let him know how much this simple act affected her she bit her lip until it hurt, trying to dislodge him. The book slipped from her fingers to thunk onto the floor as his hands found her hips, rounding to span across her tiny waist, pulling her back so that she could feel his erection against her bum. Every touch was like fire spreading throughout her body and she was finding it harder to remember that she was supposed to be fighting him off. He's the enemy, he hates you, she thought, attempting to pull away again. But he only held stronger, his hands rising to cup her breasts and she gasped in outrage, shoving at him but he only squeezed harder, his lips rising to her ear sending shivers down her spine. Sounds of distress spilled from her as his hands snaked their way under her sweater before she could stop them. They were on her bare breasts, massaging and thumbing her nipples and she hated the sharp shocks of pleasure that drove straight to her core from it. The sound of glass breaking had him tearing away from her, running for the door. She sank like a puddle to the floor and for once was thankful for Mrs. Norris as she wound her way around the legs of a table, the shattered lamp strewn across the floor. He found her again a week later as she exited Potions several minutes after the rest of the class, having stayed behind to question Snape about the assigned essay. She gasped as an arm shot out to drag her into a dark alcove, sparing no time in capturing her lips, his hands on either side of her face, holding her still as his lips worked hers, dragging an unwanted moan from her. She didn't even think as her hands flew to his shoulders and he squeezed between her slightly parted legs to press against her core eliciting a harsh groan from her. He grabbed her thighs and drew her up, undulating his hips against hers, sending white hot waves of need shooting through her. She couldn't even comprehend the consequences of her actions, her entire being engulfed in his actions, in her desire. She couldn't seem to draw in enough air as his hand kneaded her bum, his fingers brushing over her panties which suddenly felt wet. She tried to pull away, embarrassed, but he only shoved his fingers beneath the fabric and straight into her, causing her to cry out in surprise and, horribly, pleasure. His other hand shot up to cover her mouth, his eyes wide, and she was forced to cling to him so as not to sink to the floor. He pressed closer to help keep her aloft, and the two of them just stared at each other, listening for signs that she had been heard. Staring into his steely grey eyes she was suddenly all too aware of the situation she had somehow found herself in and shoved against him in horror and disgust, her legs dropping to the floor, but he rammed her back against the wall and his fingers pumped harshly into her until she was keening, the sensations unlike anything she'd ever imagined. Her knees buckled and she was forced to grab his hard shoulders to stay upright as his lips found hers once more with bruising force. She couldn't stop the rocking of her hips against him as the pleasure built up inside her until she felt like a dam ready to burst. She whimpered as liquid heat cascaded through her over and over, her entire body feeling like a wound cord. She felt like she was scrambling for something just out of reach… "Don't fight it," he growled into her ear, the baritone of his voice flooding through her, more erotic than she'd ever realized. Abruptly he hooked his fingers and that dam exploded, her entire body arching like a bow, her mouth open in a scream that was drowned in ecstasy. He was gone before she came down from her high. She spent the next few days in retched turmoil. What she'd experienced had been so incredible, so invigorating, and yet at the same time she felt like a traitor.