Teddy watched as the countryside ran past the window with an ever present feeling of dread in his guts. He had waited for this day since he old enough to understand what Hogwarts was, but now that this day had finally come he felt so...insecure? Yeah, that was the word. He didn't know why, but he started getting this feeling as soon as people started staring at his hair which was, at the moment, a vibrant shade of blue. People always stared, wherever he went, and he was always pretty confident about it, but something wasn't feeling right and he hid himself in the first compartment he saw. Of course, he told his Grandmother and Godfather that he was fine, just a tad bit nervous. Of course, the fact that his Godfather was Harry Potter didn't quite help with the staring. Sure, he was happy to finally be going to Hogwarts. He was ecstatic when he had received his letter and he couldn't shut up about it for a week, but now that the real things was happening he couldn't stop thinking about worst cases scenarios. What if people only hanged out with him because his godfather was the famous Harry Potter? What if people avoided him all together because his dad was a werewolf? What if he got so nervous and his har turned a hideous color on the sorting? He could control it better now, but accidents happened and whenever he was nervous he couldn't really help it changing. And sure, he didn't need to tell people aabout his parents f he didn't want to, but they would eventually figure it out. People lerned about the Wizarding Wars, and consequentually about the Order of the Phoenix. It didn't take a genius to Figure out who were his parents. And Teddy felt bad about not wanting peole to know who his parents were. Ugh, this train ride was giving him too much time to think about bad things and they probably weren't even out of London yet. "You're not about to come sit in my compartment! Go find your own! Go on with your friends, I don't care!" Teddy heard someone say harshly from the other side of the door. He straned his ears, feeling a bit bad for trying to listen in a conversation. "We don't have any yet, you git! You're our brother!" He heard a high pitch voice, probably from a girl. She also seemed younger than the first voice. "Well then go make some, I dunno, it's not my problem. And just because I'm your brother it doesn't mean I want you to be in the same compartment as me, you are embarrasing." The first voice said and suddenly someone lunged the door open. "Hey, are you the only one here?" Teddy took a moment to respond. There were three people there, a tall guy that didn't look so happy about something and two shorter kids tht looked about Teddy's age. The girl looked livid and the boy glared at the older one. Their resemblance was obvious. "Er...yeah," Tedy said unsurely and the older one looked relieved, He shoved the the other two into the compartment. "Great. That's Olivia, this is Oliver and I'm Jack. See, It ain't that hard to find your own company," He said to his siblings. "I'll see you at Hogwarts, bye. Nice hair by the way, kid." Teddy blushed slightly the Jack left the compartment. The three of them stayed in an awkward slience for a minute before Olivia spoke first. "Um...sorry for that intrusion, our brother is a brat," She put a strand of curly hair behind her ear and grabbed Oliver's hand. "We'll leave-" "Oh no, you can stay!" Tedy said, sounding a bit more excited that he had meant. He faked a cough and hoped the two of them hand't noticed. "I mean, if you want to." The siblings smiled at Teddy and just now e realized how strikingly similar the two of them looked. They had the same height, the same tanned skin, the same curly hair and even their eyes were the same hazel-greenish color. No doubt they were twins. "Thanks Mate, that's nice of you," Oliver finally said. Theys sat across from Teddy. "What's you name by the way?" "I'm Teddy," He said. He felt immensely relieved. He was getting desperate for company, and the two of them seemed nice enough. "Nice to meet you, Teddy." Said Olivia in a cheerful tone. Teddy felt his hair abou to change and before he could really do anything about it the set of twins looked at him like he had just grown a third head. Damnit! Why couldn't he be normal for once? "Er..." "Did...did your hair just go from blue to black?" Olivia gaped and Teddy blushed madly. Being a Methamorphmagus was a great advantage in many ways, if you knew how to control it of course. If you didn't quite have the haang of it however it could be embarrasing at times. "I'm a methamorphmagus." Teddy said quickly and realisation downed on Olivia's face while Oliver looked even more confused. "Are you really? That's quite-" "What's a meth...watever you said?" Oliver asked. "What? I doesn't hurt to ask!" He said to his sister who impatiently rolled her eyes at him. "Honestly, Oliver, the books mom gives us aren't for decoration!" She snapped and sighed. The corners of Teddy's mouth twitched. Olivia did sound a lot like Hermione. "Yeah, whatever, can you tell what that means?" "It mean that Teddy has the ability to change his apperance if he wants to. It's really rare and it's mostly passed down genetically. But it's still quite unlikely that someone with methamorphmagi would have a methamorphmagus child. There's only been a handful of these people on the past century, and of course all of them have to be registered on the ministry of magic." She said all this sentence in one breth and Teddy was impressed, Yeah, she definitely was like aunt Hermione. She resorted to glare at her brother. "Of course, if you had even bothered to read 'The various differences of WizardKind' you would know all this." Oliver rolled his eyes, but ignored her laast assesment. "I can't really control it though,"Teddy said and when both twins looked at him puzzled he went on. "I mean, I can kind ok keeping my hair from changing too often, and If concentrate really hard I can make it swithc colors, but if I'l nervous or really excited it kinda changes on it's own accord." "Oh," The twin said in unisom. "It doesn't take away from the fact that it still kicks arse though," Oliver said with a grin and Olivia nodded. "It totally doesn't. If I had the ability to change my hair-" They never had a chance to know what Oliviaa wold do because rght at this moment the trolley lady had appeared on the door fram and immeaditely Teddy searched his pockets for the money his Gran had given to him. He bought two pumpkin pasties, two chocolate cauldrons and a Bertie Bott's every flavored beans. He was starving, even though he had eaten breakfast. He didn't know if it was his werewolf genes or if he just had a really fast methabolism, but he got really hungry really fast. He still managed to be fit though, so it probably didn't affect him. Oliver and Olivia helped themselves with a few sweets, but Oliver seemed fa more interested in hos Chocolate Frog card. "Oh! I got Harry Potter! I never got one of those!" He beamed as he watched the little Harry wave and smile at him. "That's my first one from the Order of the Phoenix edition. Have you got any?" Teddy had the full order of the phoenix collection. Even some repeated, but he was not about to tell them that his extensive honorary family were the saviors of the wizarding world. "Uh, yeah A few." "Man, I'd love to meet one of them. They're so badass! Especially Harry. I mean, come one, the dude died and came back to life! He must be so cool!" Oliver said excitedly, examining his card. Teddy thought about Harry back home, doind some horrible puns and eating pickles with peanut butter and three in the morning wearing nothing but his boxers. He had to stifle a laugh. "I think I saw him and Ginny Weasley on the platform," Olivia said. "i was going to go up to them and I dunno, ask for an autograph or something, but the trains was about to leave." She frowned, but soon she had an excited expression back on. "Oh! But Jack told me that he comes to give speeches on Defenes Against the Dark Arts sometimes!" "Don't believe everything Jacks says," Oliver said, a bit darkly. "Who you got, anyway?" Teddy was glad to change the subject. He wasn't sure he would open up about his family anytime soon, not with how excited the two of them got anyway. Olivia unwrapped her frog and cringed at the card. "Ugh, I got Bellatrix Lestrange." Teddy's blood ran cold and he tensed up. "Why would they even put people of the likes of her in the cards?! She's so... despicable !" "Well, it's not really about who's mean and who's kind, is it? I mean, Salazar Slytherin was a horrid man- He put a blood-thirsty snake at Hogwarts just to kill muggleborns for Merlin's sake! But still he was a great powerfull wizard. I'm not saying it takes away from the fact that he was horrible, mind." Said Oliver. This conversation was taking a turn that Teddy was liking. "Salazar Slytherin was one of the Founders, Oliver! Of course he was brilliant. But Lestrange? What the hell did she even do to earn a place on the cards?" She started reading the baack of the card. "Look, she Tortured people to insanity! She killed her own niece for christ's sake!" "But I mean, She was the Voldemort's strongest supporter and she never thought about leaving his side, even when she was at Azkaban. Of course she was evil and crazy, but you can't deny that she was incredibly loyal and skilled." Oliver stated. Olivia shrugged, putting the card aside. "I suppose. Still don't want her in my collection though. Teddy? Re you okay? You seem awfully quiet." Teddy looked at her and Oliver frantically. Both of them looked worried. "I'm fine! Just thinking about something. Er..." He neeed some fresh air. Yeah, that would do him good. "I'm gonna go to the bathroom, I'll be right back." and he stormed out of the compartment. He needed to learn to not get so worked up whenever someone mentioned that woman. He needed to get a grip of himself. He needed to- -watch where he was going. Teddy crashed into someone so hard that the both of them fell on their arses. He looked up to see a tiny little girl with mousy brown hair, who didn't even look old enoguh to be t Hogwarts frantically pick up wherever she was holding. "Oh I'm so sorry!" Teddy said, raising himself off the floor. "I wasn't watching where I was going." He helped the girl with her things and helped her up. "Oh, it's okay," She said quietly, her eyes never leaving the ground. "I-uh s-should've watched where I was going too." She stammeres and Teddy frowned. "Thank you," She said as she grabbed her book from Teddy and sped out past him. ...Okay? Teddy started walking through the train, feeling a bit beter. Bellatrix Lestrange was always a touchy subject with his family. She killed her mother, she killed Sirius Black, she almost killed Ginny... How could someone be so...so evil? He only knew about her because Harry thought that it was necessary for Teddy to know a bit about the war. Sure, he would learn about it in his third year, but everyone