[Type text] The Amelia files This has not been an average day. Amelia thought as she screamed for her little sister to run, dragging a knocked out crazy goat lady up a hill to safety, or at least I hoped. "RUN KATY!"I screamed, tugging Harriet's unconscious body away from the hydra that was trying to kill them. It was tearing at the plant blindfolds Harriet had summoned using wilderness magic, trying to slow it down. The last of the ivy was torn away and it spotted me. I screamed and pulled, but it was as if I was pulling a bag of cement bricks. I closed my eyes, waiting for the end, but it never came. I slowly opened an eye. The hydra had dozens of arrows sticking out of its chest, legs and neck(s). It disintegrated into a yellow dust that blew away in the breeze. On the hill the archers that had killed the hydra stood, one holding Katy. Despite my emotional and physical exhaustion, I ran up the hill and kicked the blonde girl that was holding my precious little sister. "OOOOOWWWWWW! WHAT ON OLYMPUS WAS THAT FOR!?"The girl said, setting Katy down and inspected her knee, then looked at me. Her grey eyes widened. "Bianca?! You're alive!"the girl said, then hugged me. Hugged me. "how is this possible? You were killed-" "Ummm…Blonde girl? I'm not Bianca, whoever she is. I'm Amelia Rossi. And that is my sister you were holding!"The girl quickly let go and looked at me. "So is that why you kicked me Bia-Amelia? Are you sure your name is Amelia? You sure look a lot like Bianca."My name is Annabeth." 'Yah. I have been Amelia for 14 years. Where am I anyway? The last thing I remember was a fricking hydra crushing Harriet's car and nearly KILLING ME AND MY SISTER!" "Calm down! You are fine now, thanks to the Apollo cabin." she turned around and introduced me to a blonde haired kid standing behind her. "This is Will Solace from cabin 7, the Apollo cabin-"Annabeth started, but I cut her off. "You have said the Apollo cabin twice now. What is an Apollo cabin is this a sick joke or something? Are you all in on Harriet's joke? And Katy, get over here! I don't want you to be kidnapped by these psychopaths!" "Amelia, this may sound crazy, but it is the truth. The god and goddesses are real. You know, the ones in your old mythology textbooks? They are real, and are now in America. The only way you and your sister could of gotten past the camp boundaries is if you were half bloods, a child o the Olympian gods. This isn't a prank or a joke. Your mom or dad is one of the Olympians. And I am not a psychopath, neither is anyone here." she said, and looked at me, as if to see how I would react. But I didn't scream or cry or kick her again or do anything like that I just stood there, one hand gripping the back of Katy's shirt, in shock. "Seriously? You're not kidding are you? This has gone way too far to be a joke, and you would have to be some pretty sick people to lie to a little five year old." "Nope. I am totally serious. Soon your godly parent will claim you; even if you are to old…my mom is Athena, goddess of wisdom and battle. And will here's dad is Apollo. Bianca,-sorry , Amelia -which parent do you live with?" "Well…. I don't know Katy lives with her mom and dad, and… I thought they were my real parents until, on my 13th birthday, they told me they adopted me.-"I said ,and for no reason, started to cry right then and there. Annabeth just stared, and Katy clung to my leg. After a minute of crying, I pulled myself together. Don't show weakness in front of Katy. Be strong. My mind said. I pulled myself together and wiped my tears, and then realized twenty people were staring at me like idiots. Talk about embarrassing. I realized all the kids were wearing the same orange t-shirt with the words Camp Half-Blood printed on them, though some accessorized it with anything from jeans to a maxi skirt. And …was that a knife?! "Ok Amelia…let's get you and Katy to cabin 11. Will, will you escort them? I need to get Harriet to a healer, maybe to get some ambrosia." she left and Will smiled. "Come on. I will get you guys settled down." he said "come back here Katy!" he yelled, and ran down the hill. Wait…how did Katy get loose?! I never took my hand off her the whole time! I looked down to see her shirt in my hand. That sly dog! She must have used my crying as a distraction to escape! But that means….she has no shirt on! And I ran d own the hill after her. *SCENE CHANGE* "What was that for? You scared me half to death!" I scolded her once will and I finally caught up and put her shirt back on. Luckily no one saw her shirtless, but then again she is only five. "Dwid you swee all da fun stuff? Swee all the pwetty strawberries? i want some! They look yummy!"She said. "What? Oh.. Wow."I said. A sprawling field of strawberries stood before us, shining red in the sunlight. When the field of strawberries ended, a horse stable stood. Beautiful horses…..hold on a second….those were not horses-those were pegasi! Two campers were leading a regal spotted one and a pure white one out of their stalls. "Alright…now that we have that under control, we had better head over to cabin 11, they will be expecting us." Will said as I slowly drew my eyes away from the majestic creatures. "Yah…. Let's get going." I needed about twenty more eyes to see everything. As we walked to cabin 11, we passed a volleyball pit (not all that interesting) an armory, the camp's store, a working forge (interesting….and dangerous. Kinda like this whole camp. And the people in it.) And a battle arena (as I said before, dangerous).before we finally got to a circle of buildings that I assumed were the cabins, but they were all so different looking. One looked like it was carved out of sea stone; one looked like a madhouse, music blaring and a stuffed boars head hanging over it. Instead of walking into any of those, will lead us into what looked like a normal cabin, brown paint ,made of wood, even with a weird staff hanging over it, it was regular compared to the cabin next to it, which looked like one of the forges we had just walked by. It was made of brick and had several smokestacks sticking out of the top. We entered a room of about 17 kids sitting around, playing cards, throwing darts at a dartboard, and one was even squirting chocolate syrup into a shampoo bottle. "Hey Caroline? Cristina? This is Amelia and Katy, get them settled." Will said. Two girls set down their hands and got of their bed. One had long blonde curly hair that was pulled back in a ponytail, but was so long her curls reached down to her waist. she also had strange eyes, a mixture of grey green and yellow. The other girl had shoulder length red hair and deep brown eyes, yet wild, as if she were ready to pants me in a moment's notice. 'Suuuuure Will." The blonde said. "Regular or undetermined?" "Undetermined for now Caroline, but soon, hopefully, she won't be."Will replied, eyes shifting nervously at all the kids not staring at him. "Oh. That's cool. I'm Cristina and this is Caroline. And you had better not be looking at my cards Jacob Clark!" redhead said to a blonde boy looking sheepish on the top bunk. "Sorry Cristina." he said, and set her hand back down "Sorry you did it, or sorry you got caught?" she snapped back at him, then caught my eye. "You are undetermined? That's cool. So, which one of you is Amelia?"Cristina asked. "That would be me." I said. "OK….hi Amelia. Can you room underneath Connor Stoll over there, he is the one putting chocolate syrup in….wait…...is that my shampoo bottle?! CONNOR!" Connor quickly hid the bottle behind his back. "What are you talking about Cristina? This is-"he brought out the bottle from behind his back. "OK, fine, you caught me." "Are you still mad at me for winning that game of Uno? "Yes! You totally cheated! You had a green nine, not a blue nine!"He shot at her. Instead of being ashamed of being caught cheating, she fired back with "Yah! I did! But I caught you cheating five times, and that's just when I caught you!" This continued for a little while until Caroline tapped her on the shoulder. "Ummmmmm…. Cristina? Two new campers? Undetermined? Waiting to be given beds?" She looked at us and blinked. "Oh yah! sorry! This isn't over Connor, but I need to place these two."" Amelia, you can go to the bottom bunk over there-"she pointed to a bed in the far corner of the room."-and little Katy over here-"she smiled at Katy "can sleep with me for now." "Cristina? Actually, can i-"I started, but Cristina cut me off. "No questions or complaints? Good. Go ahead and get settled, because I have a card game to win. Caroline will get you two camp T-shirts, then you can shower and hit the sack after you meet Chiron." And with that she went back to her bed, hitting Jacob for looking at her cards again. "Oh! Caroline! Before you leave, get them some toiletries to. And get Katy a little blankie or something." Caroline nodded and left. A bucket of cold water splashed all over her head " SSSSSSSSSQQQQQQQQQQQQQQUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUEEEEEEEEEEE! " she squealed, and a boy who looked identical to Connor ran in. "CONNOR! TRAVIS! I WILL GET YOU FOR THIS!" Connor and his twin (whom I assumed was Travis) gave her a fluffy brown towel. "Sorry Caroline. I meant that one for Cristina, but here, go ahead and dry off." one of the boys said(Connor? Travis?) And handed the towel to her. Caroline took it and started to dry her face off, then screamed and threw the towel at them, and both boys erupted in laughter. Her face was now covered in a brown goo. "EEWWWW!" IS THIS…. CHOCLATE SYRUP IN THE TOWEL?! I WILL GET YOU…..but for now-"she wiped some of it off her face and licked it-"I will just settle for eating this." And walked casually out the door, her face still covered in the stuff. The entire cabin erupted in laughter, even Cristina and Katy. I have to admit it was kinda funny.I sat down on my bed tentatively. If I was sleeping below a prankster of this level, I had better watch out. *SCENE CHANGE* "I wanna live in da barbie house Amewlia! Can i? can i? Pweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeze? Katy begged,jumping up and down, tugging on my arm and giving me bambi eyes. "No is Aphrodite's cabin. Unless you get claimed by her, you are not allowed to go in, much less live there."I told her. We had just met with Chiron. When he showed us his true form, his centaur form,I just stared. But katy, being five and obsesses with Barbie and my little pony,get this, sequealed and asked for a pony ride . Way to go immortal centaur, asks for a pony ride. Check that off your bucket list. But luckily Chiron was cool about it and just laughed, then told us to hurry to dinner or our food would get had to walk back through the cabin circle, so naturally katy has to point out everything . "AWWWW!Cain I be in that one then?"katy said, and pointed to one covered in peacockes. "Barbie Island Princess