Chapter 01 There and Back Again Third Age 2989 "Warg-riders," he whispered. Elladan looked back to the host of Elves behind him. He led a small group of Elven scouts to scour the Orcs from the valley. As he stepped down from the boulder he was standing, his brother looked up, wearing the same facial feature as Elladan. The other Elves mounted their steeds, and the sons of Elrond did the same. Elladan mustered his horse beside another elf, whose fair hair was akin to their lost mother. "Stay close," Elladan instructed sternly and the girl shrugged. Her dark tunic was heavy and hot beneath the Sun; her hair was kept in a messy manner; and her fur coat hung loosely upon her shoulders. She got up to her steed, a black one she called Arthfael, and then rode out with her brothers in the broad daylight. Arestel had just come back from Bree, doing errands for her father. She happened to pass the valley in which her brothers were patrolling, and decided to join them. Her exhaustion got the best of her, but she preferred to stay. "Warg-riders!" Elladan said louder, charging with his white steed with a sword raised above his dark head. The sons of Elrond led the march to the open fields where said warg-riders were scouting the area. These Orcs had been around the place for quite a while, raising the defense of the nearby Elven keep, Rivendell. Upon seeing the warg-riders, the Elves blew their horns as Elladan and Elrohir made the first attack. Elven archers attacked from behind; those with spears marched forward. But the warg-riders were ready. Many of them had their wargs pounce on an elf, knocking him down. About twenty was present; a number which is doubled by the forces of Rivendell. "Arestel!" Elrohir called out as he hewed another orc with his sword. The girl looked up from where she stood. Blood was about her sword which glinted light blue in her grasp. Goblin cleaver the Orcs call it. But it is known as Orcrist for the Company of Thorin, and to those who knew them well. Arestel grunted, pushing a dead orc's body away from her. Her kill wasn't as many compared to the others. "What?" came her reply. Arestel ran and mounted her horse. She made her way towards her brothers, whipping her sword around, hoping that it would kill the Orcs. "What is it?" she asked again. Should there be a reason why her brother called her, she wanted to know. "I just wanted to see if you're still in one piece." "How thoughtful," she rolled her eyes at him, urging Elrohir to give a small chuckle. A few moments later, the remaining Warg-riders escaped. An easy victory , Elladan thought bitterly. He gritted his teeth. Too easy. With his command again, the Elves marched back home. It was the third attack that week. Elrond had to send his sons out while his captain, the Elf-lord Glorfindel stayed in Rivendell for the keep's defense. As the host entered Rivendell's borders, they could hear voices of their kin. From the bridge to the stairs, Elves came to welcome them. This brought smiles to the tired warriors. Lindir and Glorfindel were on front. One by one the warriors dismounted their horses as servants came to take them away. "How did it go?" asked Glorfindel to the brothers. "It went well," replied Elladan sounding different. He hated Orcs most of all, him and his brother. Ever since their mother's torture from the Orcs, the brothers never forget; never forgave. "No one was hurt," added Elrohir. He was more light-hearted than the two, and despite his hatred, he managed to sound as normal as possible. Glorfindel nodded. "And their strength?" "Stronger than the last, but still an easy win." Elladan was extremely confident to their forces. "They gave us quite the hassle, yet even Arestel can make things worse." Upon hearing her name and how it was used, Arestel glared at her brother. "Save it." She wasn't in her usual gaming mood. She was exhausted; running back and forth from Rivendell to Bree wasn't exactly her thing. Arestel and her brothers had often been in the company of the Northern Rangers. They would take their time and stay in Bree, eating and drinking. While the brothers knew almost everyone, Arestel only knew quite a few, among them was Strider, whom she viewed as her foster brother. During those times, she was forced to ride her horse Arthfael as Gareth went on his own errands. Recently, the golden dragon had taken Arwen to Lothlórien under the request of Elrond. "Come inside," Lindir said finally. His hands were always at his back. He led them upstairs while Glorfindel went with his soldiers. "Have we got food? I'm starving," Elrohir sighed. "Enough to keep you three busy." Lindir smiled. After dinner, Elladan and Elrohir left Arestel on her own, saying that something occurred. She wasn't sure what was it, nor was she interested on what it was anyway. So, making her way towards her father's study, Arestel thought of a good reason to excuse herself for the next day. She knocked thrice. At the third one, a voice answered from the other room. "Arestel?" her father's warm voice came. "Come in." She entered, finding Elrond rummaging through one of his many bookshelves. He glanced at her once, then went back into looking for a certain book. "Sit down," Elrond said. Arestel sat on a wooden chair comfortably. Her silver-white hair was kept in a loose braid which hung over her left shoulder, woven with a red flower incrustation. The red dress she wore was a gift from Arwen, with a neckline trimmed with midnight blue and gold. The sleeves were inches longer than her arms which made hand gestures quite difficult for her. Arestel smiled at her father. She was confident her reason would be effective this time. As Elrond found his book, he made way his way on a chair. He sat in front of Arestel, placing his book on the table. "What brings you here?" "I was thinking, Ada ... if you can let me visit Erebor?" Arestel asked with her most possible pleasing voice. "Erebor?" her father echoed. "Haven't you visited them only a few weeks ago?" He wouldn't let her get what she wants, unless the reason behind it was good enough for him. Elrond opened his book, acting as if he was deliberating to ignore her request. Arestel growled a little before proceeding to convince her father. "Well, yes. But I actually promised Ori that I would be back in a few weeks. I promised them Elven cakes, you see," Arestel continued. For the record, that one wasn't a lie. She already asked someone to make the cakes earlier this week. Elrond dropped his book and raised an eyebrow. "Cakes? Are the Dwarves interested in Elvish delicacies now?" He mused to himself, smiling. "They were curious, so I promised that I'd bring some for them. So will you let me?" Arestel tried to smile. "And who's going to look after you?" Elrond sighed. Arestel paused. She didn't see that coming. Elladan and Elrohir weren't available. Glorfindel? No. Lindir. Definitely not. She gritted her teeth and forced her mind to give out an answer. Her only option was Gareth, but he was still in Lórien. The dragon had just arrived in the Golden Wood, accompanying Arwen in her visit there. "If there's no one, then you will stay here, Arestel. I mean it ," Elrond said sternly. He knew Arestel; she never liked staying inside the house. Every once in a while, she would come up with a lame excuse to leave Rivendell. And Elrond wasn't happy about this. Someone had to discipline this child, but she would barely listen. Such a pain. Arestel sighed in defeat and stood up. Somehow, she needed someone to come with her. She left her father's room and went back into hers. Her room was just cleaned; the handmaidens took it themselves to clean up her room while she was away. It was certainly a convenience for Arestel as she always neglected on cleaning her room. Flopping herself on the bed, an idea struck in. " Hey Gareth", Arestel called out. Ósanwe saved her many times before and she was surely grateful. Awaiting for her friend to reply, Arestel rolled on the bed and audibly groaned. "What's taking you so long?" " I was trying to sleep." There it was, the dragon's hoarse voice. He didn't sound at least happy to hear Arestel's voice. Yet the girl on the other line smiled widely, and chirping, " There you are!" " Let me guess, you need me to do something for you." Gareth yawned. He sounded cold as ever. But she knew Gareth couldn't say no to her. " Think you can some with me to Erebor?" " No." " Why not? You're quite famous there, you know." " I have duties here." " I'm sure Arwen's big enough to handle herself." Arestel had to laugh mentally. Gareth sighed, " Estel, tell me why you want to visit again when you had visited them two weeks ago." He sounded so desperate to have a good night's rest. That dragon was too moody for everything. " I promised Ori, remember?" Her voice became gloomy. " I really wanted them to try Elvish cakes." Again, Gareth sighed. " Fine. I'll be there in two days." Conversation ended. Arestel smiled. She knew Gareth couldn't say no. Two days later, Gareth arrived like he promised. He was reluctant to leave Arwen but the Evenstar laughed it off and allowed him to leave. Lady Galadriel sent her regards to her grandchildren and with that, Gareth was once again back to Rivendell. Given his massive size, he was able to reach the Elven keep. He landed on the keep's courtyard and in a flash, a mob of Elves came to welcome him home. Gareth watched them crowd around him and then scanned the courtyard for a certain elf. Arestel came running towards him pulling a large pack over her shoulder. Elrond followed his youngest daughter with an obvious worried look. The Elves made way for Arestel and she dropped her pack to greet her friend. "You came!" she beamed, hugging Gareth by his muzzle. "Indeed," he replied in a whisper. Arestel took her pack once more and went over to Elrond. "Be back soon," Elrond said, kissing her forehead. " Real soon , Estel." He demanded. Arestel laughed. "Of course, Ada." "You have one week." "What? But why?" she whined like a child. Elrond sighed heavily. "Just do it. And keep out of troubles, will you?" She nodded. "Sure." Gareth had to position himself lower so that his young mistress could climb on his back. Once she was settled, he waited another from Elrond. "Take care of her," he said. With a nod, the dragon opened his spiky wings and steered towards the north. Other Elves came to see them off, including Glorfindel and Erestor. "She just got back the other day, right?" Erestor whispered aside Glorfindel. Glorfindel smiled and nodded. "You know her. She always has this urge to leave and have fun." They spent a whole day on travelling northwards. Upon reaching the Woodland realm, Gareth cast his ruby eyes below and then scanned the withered and dark forest. "How about visiting King Thranduil?" he suggested, trying to make a small talk. Arestel peered down and shrugged. "I would love to, but I have only one week. Knowing King Thranduil, he won't let us go easily. Perhaps some other time, when my father would allow me to stay in Mirkwood for a few days." "You sound indifferent in seeing Legolas again," Gareth remarked, slowing his pace. His passenger flinched at that statement and was silent for a while. At length she answered, "I am sure Legolas is faring