A/N: Welcome to my second story! Officially, this is a prequel to my first story, "Advice", but this fic can (I repeat, CAN ) stand alone. I would recommend that you read "Advice" before reading this, though. But reading this first before would also be fine. Heck, I'm still fine even if you would only read this and not bother to read "Advice"! Just as long as you read this. Disclaimer: I do not own any of the familiar characters seen here or even the franchise. The idea is mine, though. Children's or rather, elfling's cries were constantly being heard, resounding in the walls; many would find it uncharacteristic for the somber looking palace, but it has been a common sound for the past hundred years or so. After all, one cannot simply take away the joy of childhood from three elflings; especially elflings with too much obligations and responsibilities when they grow up. No one would dare do so lest they risk the wrath of their father. The Elvenking Thranduil made it clear to all that no one would prepare his children for their obligations until they reach five hundred years old. With the prodding of his wife and Queen Luineth, he stated that he wanted his sons to experience the innocence of childhood before all the stresses of becoming a royal would steal all of that. No elf in Greenwood the Great, however, expected their childhood to be ended a bit than expected, though not in the way anyone would think. ~Scene Break (or half a century later)~ "You cannot catch me, muindor !" " Huff, huff. I know I will! Just wait and see!" Two figures can be seen chasing each other in an otherwise empty hallway. If one were to spot the two however, they would only smile slightly and be amused at their antics. One thought that never crossed their minds was: Where is the third one? He would soon think back to that moment and regret for not noticing earlier. Splash! "Hee hee! Great aim, Legolas!" cried one of the elflings after having recovered from doubling over in the ground laughing. "Come on, Berensul," the elf holding a now empty bucket of water identified as Legolas said. "You and Celethuil are also to credit for this. The both of you were doing such a great job of distracting him." Today, their victim was an unfortunate guard who was supposed to be patrolling the palace halls. The current state of said palace guard was miserable; dripping wet in fact. But before he would be able to get over the shock of being 'ambushed', the three sons of the Elvenking dashed away; leaving the soaked and confused guard behind alone. Now at a significant distance away from the guard, the three princes decided it was safe and came to a stop behind a stairwell. " Huff, huff. We are in so much trouble!" exclaimed Legolas. " Nana is going to be furious!" Berensul scoffed, " Nana never gets mad at us!" Celethuil groaned, "Come now, you two. Nana would not get mad at us, but that doesn't mean we would get off without being punished. Nana is fair with us you know." Celethuil sighed, but then covered it up suddenly with a smirk, "But, did you see the look on the guards face when we caught him off guard?" The unexpected reminder of that hilarious memory almost sent the two princes on the ground laughing. Alas, eventually, their laughter gave them away as half of the servants of the palace were looking for them. Soon enough, they were lead to the throne room where both of their parents were waiting. Gulp Now, the three elven princes were nervously sweating not under the stone face of their father, but rather (quite surprisingly for those unused to the methods of discipline of the royal couple) the disapproving look of their mother who was at his right hand side. To much of their relief, however, the first to speak was their father. "Now, your mother the Queen has told me that the three of you disrupted a guard's rounds in the palace," he began. "Is this true?" Celethuil stepped forward naturally as the eldest, "Yes, ada." His two younger brothers nodded meekly in agreement. The Elvenking sighed as if he was impatient, wanting this lecture to be over with. After seemingly contemplating for a few minutes, he rubbed his temples and spoke, "It is good to know that the three of you are learning to act more mature, but that still does not excuse the fact that you caused damage and disrupted mandatory security measures." He looked at each of them for a time, making sure that this would be the last time he would be reminding them of this. "Did it cross your minds when you were planning this prank that you may have in the worst situation ensured a breech in palace security and in the least tarnished perfectly good armor?" None of the three had anything to say against this. All the while, their mother was looking at them disapprovingly. The Elvenking looked at the Queen, "Is that all you wanted me to say to them, dear?" The Queen replied smoothly, "You have not told them of their punishment yet, my dear." Thranduil had a mildly surprised look on his face, "Ah, yes. I seem to have forgotten that." He turned to face his sons, "I have decided that the three of you would spend the next fortnight helping the servants clean and maintain the armory. I must say, it is quite fitting since the guard's armor you ruined would need replacing soon." He then faced his wife, "Would that suffice?" "Yes, my dear, yes it would," Luineth assured. "But, from the three of you, I will require you to formally apologize to that poor guard that you victimized." The three princes immediately looked guilty. "Yes, nana, " said Legolas, who looked the most affected of the three. "We will apologize to the guard as soon as we are dismissed." Their father cut the exchange, "Before that I would like to speak to the three of you alone. Would you mind, dear?" With silent agreement, the Queen Luineth left the throne room. Thranduil also gestured for the surrounding guards to leave them alone. Once they were, Berensul, who had been silent since they have entered spoke up, "I – I am sorry ada, I am the one who planned everything! I did not want to say anything to nana since I did not want to disappoint her –" He was cut off by his father, "No need for that, ion-nin . I am sure your mother knows that and has already forgiven you, Legolas, and Celethuil. She wouldn't want to show that lest she smother and spoil you. Your mother has good intentions in raising the three of you." The three of them nodded, already knowing this from other punishments they have faced before. What they did not prepare for, however, was the fact that their father will impart valuable information to them. "Now, I am very sure you all are wondering why there is such dire need to speak to you alone," he stated. "Have any of you wondered why I have not required you to attend formal royal lessons until your 500th years? No? Well, it is time for me to explain why: individuals such as you, immortal elves who are heirs to a crown, should have little time for childish nonsense; too many duties to prepare for in the future. Royals from the race of men have very little time at all to enjoy the innocence of childhood, though I do not think some of them actually even have a childhood. The race of the dwarves have a longer time, around two decades, but not nearly enough as other dwarven children. You, my sons, are lucky to be of the race of the elves, who have seemingly unlimited time. You are lucky to not worry about the evils of the world for a while, but the time will come. Celethuil, you have half a century or less left to enjoy this; Legolas, a century and a half; Berensul, three and a half. I hope you do well with this information. I would not like if the time that I and your mother gave to you be wasted." ~Scene Break~ The time then came. No one in the kingdom of Greenwood the Great looked forward to the day after the 500th year of their crown prince. No one wanted all the responsibilities being piled on his shoulders afterwards. Everyone knew that this was inevitable, but the ones who took it the most were his two brothers. This was the first time that their older brother would not spend all his free time with them; they were always his first priority. Of course the three had basic lessons in writing and philosophy before; this is just the start of the lessons that would prepare them for politics, economy, and battle. The one among the three main subjects that would take the most time would be battle as it encompasses great battles in history, war strategy, and weapons training. This would be the subject that more people would actually look into, to see if he was capable of leading them and setting an example for his subjects. ~Scene Break~ The first few moons after Celethuil's 500th year were tense at the least. They wanted to see if he could handle the new lessons and be the same elf that he was. To the relief of many, it seemed like nothing even changed. The only difference was the time he spent with his brothers. One may even say that he was even more jubilant than before; he was always the joker of the three princes. If needed, he was also the mediator whenever Legolas and Berensul disagreed. Other than those situations, the brothers were inseparable. Yet, as time passed, Celethuil had less and less time to spend with his brothers; most especially when they discovered his prowess with the sword. It is known in Greenwood the Great that the Elvenking Thranduil preferred the sword rather than the usual elven weapon, the bow, as well as being very capable of wielding it. But when his heir seemingly inherited that, even if he wouldn't show it physically, his aura was radiating pride. His wife on the other hand, Queen Luineth, was more affectionate in showing her joy at Celethuil's talent. Legolas and Berensul were ecstatic; they did not foresee that Celethuil's talent would decrease their already limited time together with his practices and such. Around a century later, when Legolas would also reach his 500th year, the brothers have devised a schedule to spend with each other so nothing really changed. Legolas' schedule almost lined up with Celethuil and the three did not have much trouble incorporating it into the schedule. When Legolas' lessons started, he was under some pressure to do as well as his brother, who performed a little above average more than expected. At first the pressure messed with his concentration, but after a few moons, his performance level was exceeding the expectations given to him. Unlike the care-free and laid back Celethuil, Legolas was more serious in his lessons, as if seeking to prove something. He did, however, make sure to Celethuil that he did not want to best him, rather he wanted to be proven worthy to their parents, so Legolas did not want Celethuil to take his performance personally. One of the largest expectation Legolas should live up to was the fact that his father and brother were excellent swordsmen. Given his performance in his lessons, he was under a lot of pressure to perform just as well. Unfortunately, he was only an average swordsman, something most were disappointed to learn, though he compensated for it with the discovery of his talent with