A/N this is an excerpt from a magnum opus of mine, Hermione Granger and the Quest for the Binding Stones. I'm still writing it, but some of the pieces don't properly fit in that story. This is one that can stand alone. In my verse Lavender became a werewolf after the battle. I have good rational for this, and it's all explained in Sisters of the Moon and the Moon in the Arms of Night. She and Seamus are married and are the security detail for the Potter and Weasley children. Updated 11/04/15 No-Maj is the American term for Muggle (J.K. just let us know) Here we have Lavender, Hermione, and Rose in America, El Paso, Texas. Hermione is on a mission to find the stones that bind the elves to service, and Rose is her research partner. Lavender is of course along as security. We open in dingy basement with no windows…. Edward The handcuffs were cutting into her wrists, but that was the least of Lindsey Cunningham's worries. She awoke from her troubled sleep on the filthy mattress in her basement prison, and all her memories of how she got there rushed forward into her mind. Yesterday, Oh god, was it only yesterday? She'd been walking home from school with her friends. She'd just stopped to tie her shoe lace, just for a moment, and her friends had walked on ahead of her. Suddenly an arm went around her waist and a sweet smelling cloth had been pressed against her mouth and nose. She'd awoken here, with him. "My name's, Edward," he had said. "We're going to be special friends." She shuddered and broke into sobs. He'd done things to her, and he'd made her do things to him. It had gone on for hours that had felt like days, and she had come to realize that he was the Texas Tornado. He had been in the news a lot, and the teachers and parents had been talking about being safe because of him. She blamed herself for getting caught, it was a stupid thing to do, and she was smarted than that. Lindsey shook with sobs and shouted until her throat was raw. "HELP ME! SOMEONE, HELP ME!" "Oh, god," Hermione said as she read the morning paper. Lavender looked up from her guide book on El Paso. "What?" Hermione gazed solemnly across the table at her friend, and she could see the future as clearly as if it was written out before her. She would show Lavender the news article, and the more Lavender read about the man who took young girls for his toys the more incensed she would become. Lavender would look up at her and then nod at Rose, indicating that she was passing Rose's primary protection duties over to her mother, and then the werewolf Lavender Brown would rise from her chair and find this man. Hermione knew all this in a flash. She also knew that when Lavender did find him, and find him she would, Lavender would not leave him alive. It wasn't in her nature. "What, Hermione?" Lavender had now sensed the change in her friend. Hermione glanced at her daughter, her face hidden by the book "Legends of the Anasazi Indians" they had found in the local library. A choice was before her. She could say "Nothing," and Lavender wouldn't pursue it, but then the man would continue. He would kill the girl he had taken, find another, and kill her too. Her other option was to show the paper to Lavender, but that way lay blood and death, and she was loath to add to the already heavy stains on Lavender's hands. She looked back at her friend. The blonde woman's eye's narrowed. She, after all, was Luna's best student, and keeping a secret from her was not an easy task. In the end Hermione simply decided that it was this man's fate to meet Lavender Brown. Hermione heaved a sigh of defeat. "Here," she said as she slid the paper across the table, and she indicated the article on the front page below the fold. Martin Whitewolf Apparated into the bedroom of Lindsey Cunningham. There was a flurry of movement and suddenly a wand tip was pressing against is throat. A strong hand pushed him against the wall and a beautiful blonde woman stood before him. "Who are you?" she asked gruffly. She was very beautiful, her long blonde hair framing an ageless, almost regally sculptured face. "Martin Whitewolf, Auror," he answered. His head cocked to the side. "And you're English. This house is off limits, honey." The wand never wavered. "Why?" He watched as she backed away from him; looking him over. He couldn't help but feel as if he was being judged in some way. "The No-Maj have a problem, and that problem took the girl that lives here." He answered calmly. She was stunning, but in the depths of those emerald green eyes he saw a terrible cold. "Yes, I know." A chill ran down his skin at her words. "Listen, honey, just what the Sam hell do you think you're doing." "Finding a missing girl," Lavender said as she lowered her wand and resumed scanning the room for clues. He shook his head as he watched her. Her methods were impeccable, but she would find nothing. "The Tornado's taken her; they only turn up dead after that." "So I've read" Her green eyes bored into his, and her voice betrayed her fury. "And you let him continue?" "We don't interfere with the No-Maj." When she smiled there was no mirth in it. "Well I'm about to." His heart leapt into his throat, she was scaring the crap out of him. "Just who the fuck do you think you are, little lady?" She turned and smiled sweetly. That same smile had disarmed so many men over the years, and he was no different. "Lavender Brown, Auror. Perhaps you've heard of me?" "You're… I… " he stammered. "I read The Good Wolf to my kids all the time." He looked her in wonder. "Hot damn you're fast. No one's ever got the drop on me before." He smiled and his expression changed to one of admiration. "It's really you, huh?" "Yes, Auror Whitewolf, it's really me," Lavender replied, not looking at him as she leafed through the girls papers. The man smiled and shook his head. "The poor fucker." Martin had been an Auror for eighteen years, and in all that time he had never met anyone like the woman before him. She exuded power. He knew, without having to analyze why, that she could kill him without mussing her dress. And he knew the book well, he knew what Lavender was under her cultured English exterior. His eyes met hers. "He vanishes." Lavender let out a small snort and gave him a curt nod. "Of course." He turned to go and then turned back. "Oh, and this conversation never happened, sweetheart, and you were never here." He turned on his heal and was gone. Lavender nodded, good man, she thought. Lavender had the girls scent memorized, now it was time to find her. She went to the dresser and plucked a hair from the brush. She could use it to precisely locate the missing girl, but she wanted to meet this "Tornado" fellow first, so instead of the finding charm she chose a different tactic. A small hand mirror sat next to the brush. She flipped it face up, laid the hair across it and spoke an old incantation. Malum captus vos ! Ostendo mihi suus visio! Ostendo mihi suus locus! The mirror glowed blue and the face of a short thin man in his early thirties appeared in it. Lavender committed his face to memory and then said " locus." The mirror showed her a doorway with "122 Lamar St." in faded red letters, and then another door with "34" on it. She pointed her wand at the mirror and said, " Portus." Lavender stalked down the dingy hallway, her wolf half could feel him, and more she could smell him. He was covered in the lingering scent of the girl, and Lavender's wolfself glowed with rage. Oh, he's all yours, my sweet, she thought, and she felt that side of her prance in anticipation. " Muffliato," she said quietly and flicked her wand over her shoulder as she approached the door. "Edward Warden" was printed roughly on the paper slip in the plaque under the apartment number. She traced his name with her fingers. Well, Edward Warden, enjoy your last few moments of peace. Lavender chuckled, a Muggle story she had read the Potter and Weasley children over the years popping into her head. She smiled as she knocked on the door. "Little pig, little pig, let me come in." she said. "Who the fuck are you, bitch?" a gruff male voice said from behind the door. "The big bad wolf," she said low and rough There was a long pause. "What? Fuck you, get the fuck out of here." She chuckled again. "Not by the hair of your chinny, chin, chin." Lavender said high and questioningly. "Well, alright then, I'll huff,"-she wordlessly banished her clothes into her satchel-"And I'll puff," -the transformation to her wolfself began-"and I'll blow your house in! Bombarda! " her voice had become a violent growl as the transformation finished. A blast of red light left the tip of Lavenders wand, and the door exploded into fragments. A small weedy man was picking himself up off the floor when Lavender strode through the remains of the door, pounced on him, and pinned him to the floor. She had one clawed hand on his chest and the other griped his chin. Lavender forced him to meet her eyes inches from his. "Good morning, Edward," she said. His scream, high and loud, was music to her ears. "Where is Lindsey Cunningham?" Her voice was even more menacing than usual in her wolf form. Edward Warden was master of the world. He was a living god walking among the lesser beings, plucking his toys from among them, and watching them weep at their graves when he was done. Nothing could harm him, nothing could touch him, but that was before a waking nightmare had crossed his threshold and driven his orderly world into madness. "No! No! Get away from me!" he screamed as he struggled. Edward slapped at her arms and swung wildly at her until he landed a lucky punch to her jaw, drawing her full attention back to him. Lavender released his jaw and grasped his right foot. She looked back into his eyes and twisted it the wrong way round, the sickening crunch as his ankle dislocated was accompanied by another even louder and higher pitched scream. "Where is Lindsey Cunningham?" she asked coldly. He struggled and tried to kick at her with his good foot, but Lavender was ten times stronger than he was and schooled in physical combat, he couldn't touch her. "Help! Oh god, somebody help me!" he shouted. Lavender grasped his jaw and forced him to look into her eyes again as she bent low over him, her nose an inch from his. "No one is coming to save you, Edward, and god certainly isn't." She paused for a moment. "Where is Lindsey Cunningham?" "Fuck you," he yelled. "Incorrect answer, 10 points deduction," Lavender said in a thoroughly sarcastic imitation of Professor Snape, and then she reached down and crushed his right knee. He has a magnificent falsetto, she thought."Where is Lindsey Cunningham?" The man laughed after his scream of pain died away. "You'll… You'll kill me as soon as I tell you, why the fuck should I?" Lavender pushed him roughly down on the floor with one hand, and then she carved a quarter inch deep grove from his left nipple to his navel with a claw on the other. "Because,