I decided to write this because I was getting annoyed with all the fanfics that gave Tom a meek love interest. And he is an evil bastard, so that inevitably ended up turning into dubious consent, which I find icky. No, Tom is obviously different to others, so he needs an equally different person to pique his interest. I like writing strong female characters, and since Tom is so deliciously bad I can go all out with the awesomeness of my OC. You've been warned! Some things to know before reading: Tom is going into his fifth year (1942); therefore, he hasn't opened the Chamber of Secrets yet (in the books it's in his sixth year). He also hasn't killed Riddle Snr and his grandparents (which is supposed to happen in his seventh year). He has his little group of followers at Hogwarts, but they follow him by choice… he has yet to morph into the "Dark Lord". So for now at least, he's just a powerful, handsome, cruel little shit. He's supposed to be 15 in fifth year… but I always imagine him older. So I apologise if he doesn't act/sound very teenager-ish. Then again, I doubt he would be a normal 15 year old boy anyway. Chapter 1: The Reluctant Student The tall, dark-haired teenage boy paced distractedly up and down in his small room, a dark scowl twisting his (otherwise extremely handsome) features. The old floorboards of the muggle orphanage he lived in during the school holidays creaked under his restless feet. His name was Tom Riddle, and he was a wizard. A threadbare metal-framed bed, a narrow wardrobe, a battered-looking travelling trunk and a rickety table and chair cluttered the small room, making it rather pointless to pace. A couple of spellbooks were stacked neatly on the table. The door was locked. Every since Mrs Cole had fallen ill with pneumonia three years previous, things at the orphanage had quickly gone from almost bearable to completely intolerable. Now the management of the orphan boys was under the cruel hand of Mistress Miranda, a sadistic woman who drank too much, and even worse, the man who occasionally warmed her bed, Harold. If the orphanage had been in a small town, not London, Harold would have been the town drunk. He had no business being around children, but assisted Mistress Miranda in matters relating to "discipline". Beatings were frequent, and he seemed to have formed a particular dislike of Tom, who didn't seem to exhibit any fear like the other boys. At night the doors were locked, making the orphanage seem more like a prison. But during the last week Tom had kept a low profile, avoiding conflict and remaining out of everyone's way. The reason for this behaviour was because a new term at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry was just about to begin, and he didn't want to go back looking like he had just endured hell. Which he had. He reminded himself again that as soon as he graduated Hogwarts he would return and burn the building down. With its occupants inside to feel the flames. Until then, however, he had to maintain appearances. He scowled again as he thought of the school. It was two days before the end of the holidays, and he was supposed to have received word from them days ago. He was waiting for the letter informing him of his new book lists for fifth year and his train ticket, as well as the pitiful allowance Hogwarts gave him so that he could head to Diagon Alley. It irked him that he relied so heavily on it, but he couldn't leave without money and the lists. Why hadn't it arrived? It was very suspicious. If he was any other student, he might have suspected foul play, but that was laughable. Only Slytherins were inclined to pull off those kinds of pranks, and they were too scared of him to consider something like that. For four years each summer holiday the owl with his letter and allowance arrived on time to the hour… why not now? No, not for four years , he suddenly remembered. The first time Albus Dumbledore had appeared to deliver his letter in person . His temper darkened even further as he remembered that encounter. That blasted old fool had looked down on him ever since… He stiffened suddenly. But no, surely that wasn't the rea- Darkness fell in the room as the street lamp outside went out with a flicker, as if the gas lamp's luminescence had been sucked away. Tom strode to the window and froze as anger and dread in equal measure burned through him. The familiar, hated figure of a tall wizard with an greying auburn beard in bright purple robes strode down the street towards the orphanage. At the front door downstairs the wizard looked up and Tom saw moonlight glinting off of half-moon spectacles. He shrank back from the window and schooled his face into an expressionless mask, feeling like the old man had seen him even through the dark and dirty windowpane. He heard a polite knock on the front door, and then a short silence, followed by the sound of the door opening, an unintelligible conversation, and closing again as Dumbledore was admitted. Tom's mind raced as he considered the possibilities. He suddenly grew convinced that he was about to be expelled. Dumbledore had finally found a reason to kick him out, and had come to snap his wand. His legs felt strangely weak so he sat down hurriedly on his thin mattress. Did they find out about his… little experiments on the other students? He hadn't damaged anyone beyond repair though… Had one of his "friends" betrayed him? He had done any number of small transgressions…What did they do to expelled students? He was so distracted by these disturbing thoughts that he barely registered that a key was jangling in his door. He had just enough time to sit up straight and try to look aloof before the door swung open and admitted the purple-robed wizard. "Good evening, Tom." Said the old man in his kindly voice, though Tom noticed his warmth didn't reach his eyes. Tom inclined his head, every inch the model student, "Professor." He said deferentially. From the doorway came another voice. "Tom, my dear," simpered Mistress Miranda in a tone completely different to her usual nasal whine, "Your teacher tells me he has come to take you back to school early this year. Isn't that so nice of him?" I'm not going to be expelled?! "Is that so, Professor?" Tom asked blandly. A slight knowing twinkle entered Dumbledore's blue eyes for a moment, as if he could hear how Tom's heart was racing as he waited for confirmation that his world wasn't about to end. Enjoy it while it lasts, old man , Tom snarled in his mind, I know what you really think of me . Yes, they were all liars in this room. Tom was not the polite student, Dumbledore was not the kindly teacher, and Miranda was a hag with a drinking problem, pretending to be a diligent carer. They all wore masks. The twinkle vanished, and Dumbledore gave a small sigh, as if he'd heard Tom's internal monologue. When he spoke, he was more businesslike. "Yes. There is a small matter I need your help with before the school term starts, so I thought I would deliver your letters and money in person. I'll explain more on the way." Tom nodded, as if this was completely expected, and stood up languidly from the bed. "I'll just collect my things, then, sir." He strolled over to his wardrobe and pulled out some of his clothes, placing them into his trunk. He did the same with his spellbooks, moving without haste though his fingers trembled with suppressed excitement. He was leaving two days early! He didn't even care that it was with Dumbledore, or what the old fool had planned. He would shortly be back in the magical world, where he belonged. Dumbledore watched him impassively, while Miranda offered him tea, which he politely declined. She didn't seem to mind that he'd come bursting in like this late at night, but then, maybe she was just happy to be rid of Tom sooner than usual. The feeling is mutual … "Will I be needing my wand, sir?" Tom asked indifferently. "Probably not, but perhaps it would be best if you kept it with you anyway." Came the surprising reply. Tom hesitated, taken aback, but only for a moment. Now his curiosity flared up at the possibilities. What could the professor need from him that might require underage magic? He pocketed his long, pale wand, savouring the familiar feeling of it at his side. Dumbledore waved his wand and the trunk disappeared into thin air. Miranda didn't seem to notice, but from the slightly vacant expression on her face Tom could tell Dumbledore had cast a minor Befuddlement Charm on her. "Come, let us be off." Said Dumbledore, and Tom followed him out of the orphanage. Once out onto the street, Dumbledore walked quickly with long strides, making Tom trot to keep up. "Tom, how are they treating you at the orphanage?" he asked suddenly as they walked. Tom didn't let his mask slip at all as he replied tightly, "I can't complain." I won't complain. Dumbledore didn't seem convinced. With a note of impatience, he said, "If you say you are unhappy there, I can make other arrangements-" "Can I stay at Hogwarts during the holidays?" asked Tom bluntly. "No." "Then I have nothing to say, sir." He had a perverse sense of satisfaction as an uncomfortable look flickered across the old man's face. He knew they were treating him badly there. But Tom would rather endure it a thousand times over than admit he needed Dumbledore's help. Dumbledore was silent as they continued, and Tom felt somewhat smug. "So, where are we going, Professor?" he asked innocently, after the silence became awkward. "Knockturn Alley." Came the curt response. Tom's eyebrows rose. Dumbledore saw his surprised expression. "I need your help retrieving a… valuable item." He said cryptically, seeming to enjoy Tom's confusion. "It's a new student." He explained, after a moment. Dumbledore abruptly stopped and glanced up and down the darkened street. "This is a quiet enough spot." He offered his arm and looked at Tom expectantly. Tom very nearly grimaced as he realized he would need to actually touch the man, but held back his disgust. He touched his arm and was immediately pulled into the crushing darkness of Side-Along Apparition. Fifteen minutes later, and Tom found himself in the unlikely position of sitting on a conjured bench next to the professor he most despised in a grimy alleyway, watching the entrance of a ramshackle building opposite them. "This student lives here?" asked Tom, disgusted, as his eyes followed shady-looking passers-by. Only Knockturn could still be busy at this time of night. The folk who dwelt here were more like cockroaches. "Yes," Dumbledore replied, "She really isn't an ordinary witch." He chuckled. Tom looked at the old man and waited impatiently for an explanation. This had turned into a very strange night indeed. Dumbledore pondered for a long moment, during which Tom had to restrain himself from throttling the truth out of him. "Two months ago," he started at last, "A shipment of invaluable Time-Turners was ambushed by thugs, who made off with a number of them. A ministry inquiry was launched and the search began to track down the missing items, which, as you can imagine, could be devastating in the wrong hands." Tom wondered briefly what he would do with a Time Turner… "Anyway," continued Dumbledore quickly. Perhaps he had seen the covetous gleam in Tom's eye and was afraid of giving him ideas. "All of them were tracked down without fuss within hours, except one. It