I own nothing and receive no payment for this work. Learning to be self reliant takes time, and hard work. These are the steps: Assume responsibility, know where you are going, make your own decisions. Yes sir, it's hard work to become self reliant. Anyone of us could use a bit more than we have. If you're not self reliant, you'll never do anymore than just get by. A little dose of self reliance can do wonders. Now, you may think that's the end of the story. Actually, it's only the beginning. - Developing Self Reliance (1951) "STOP!" Hermione shrieked, grasping at Ron Weasley's robe as he pounded Gregory Goyle's face in. Of course, he looked no better; Madam Pomfrey would be repairing his teeth and his bleeding scalp if the professors of Hogwarts didn't turn him into a greasy spot as punishment for this brawl. "RONALD! STOP!" Harry wasn't faring as well. Vincent Crabbe had the Boy Who Lived by the hair, attempting to grind his face into the stone floor of the Entrance Hall as half of the student body watched. This didn't stop Harry from doing his best to get as many hits in as he could. "You're such a fucking idiot, Crabbe," snarled Harry as he swung a bloodied fist up and slammed it into the boy's already bruised face. The Slytherin released Harry with a howl, clutching his nose. Harry kicked out, shoving the boy back to the ground before he began pummeling him in the face. The crowd around them pressed in, shouting their encouragements at the brawl. "Kick his arse, Harry!" Someone shouted from in the back. A camera flashed, making Hermione turn to glare at the offender. Colin Creevey immediately looked sheepish and slid back into the sea of bodies pushing forward. "Ten galleons on Weasley!" "I'll do fifty on Goyle," Pansy Parkinson shouted. "Don't take that shit from them Crabbe! Use your wand!" Hermione, exasperated at the situation and more than worried about what the professors would do, pulled out her wand and pointed it at Ron. "Stupefy!" The red light shot from her wand, landing square on Ron's back. He stumbled and fell to the floor in a faint. Goyle was about to use that to his advantage when Hermione trained her wand on him. "Don't test me," she growled. Goyle backed up, hands in front of him. It was enough to get the attention of the other two, just as Professor McGonagall pushed through the gathered students, her usually neat bun falling from its hold. The crowd fell quiet, suddenly shamed at their vulgar display. A wave of the Deputy Headmistress's wand had Ron waking up with a groan, clutching at his head. "What is wrong with you?!" Professor McGonagall snarled, looking at the damage then glaring at the now silent bystanders, "One hundred points, each of you! For fighting and a month of detention with Filch. Now get to the hospital!" "They started it Professor," said Ron, "they called Hermione a mudblood." Neither Slytherin looked repentant, but kept glaring at the two Gryffindor boys as they peeled themselves off the floor. Professor McGonagall threw her hands up, the normally unflappable witch at her wit's end with frustration. "Ronald!" Hermione admonished, "It's nothing new at this point. Please, stop trying to defend my honor. If it hurt my feelings I'd say something." In truth, it did hurt but she was so numb to the term now it didn't matter. There were greater issues to be concerned with. She walked across the floor to Ron, carefully stepping to avoid the drops of blood that littered the stone pavers. "Oh no, Miss Granger. You are going to class. These imbeciles can all get themselves where they need to be," said Professor McGonagall. Hermione nodded, looking at Harry apologetically. His face was beginning to swell as black and blue bruises blossomed over his skin. "I'll help them Professor, I've got my first hour free," Lavender Brown volunteered, hurrying over to Ron. Hermione's eyes narrowed as she watched the witch run her hand up Ron's bicep, murmuring to him. Ron nodded at the girl and stood up. "Good," said Professor McGonagall before she narrowed her eyes on Crabbe and Goyle, "I'll be speaking to Professor Snape regarding your conduct here." Professor McGonagall turned and made her way towards the staircase, muttering under her breath about the audacity to even begin fighting on the first full day of term. Shouldering her bag, Hermione moved to follow her. It was odd to see the Slytherin boys pick a fight in such a muggle fashion. Beating the living hell out of someone using your hands was supposed to be something that muggles did, not old stuffy traditional purebloods. The fact that they were going at it barely twenty four hours into the beginning of term was frustrating to say the least. Between the tensions that rode high throughout the Wizarding World and the way Harry had zeroed in on Malfoy as being a possible Death Eater, and therefore under constant suspicion, was enough to do her head in. There was always something and Harry was probably right. The bouncing Ferret of infamous renown probably was up to no good. The question was what? He had to be doing something for the Dark Lord. After watching him with his Aunt at Borgin and Burke's Hermione was sure that whatever it was, it was not good. Hermione spent the last evening, while she and Ron waited for Harry to appear, watching the blonde prat. He talked with his friends, and ate. But his appearance in speaking with his friends lacked the normal better-than-thou attitude. He barely touched what he put on his plate. His eyes held shadows beneath them. The Ferret was stressed. Having a Father in Azkaban and Merlin only knew what else going on at home would do that to anyone. Hermione sniffed as she turned into another corridor. Whatever was going on, it served the evil prat right. Finally arriving at her Arithmancy class, Hermione took her usual spot towards the front and pulled her book, parchment paper, and quills from her satchel. After arranging them neatly on the desk in front of her she glanced around at the other students. While this was a N.E.W.T. level course, she didn't expect for there to be so few of her classmates. The announcement that Voldemort had returned at the beginning of the summer made parents withdraw their children from the school. Rumors even flew around that some had emigrated to the United States, seeking asylum with the M.A.C.U.S.A. Others had left for South Africa and Egypt. Hermione turned back to face the front of the room and tapped her quill against the table as Professor Vector opened the classroom door and walked in and pointed her wand at the blackboard, an equation appearing in neat script. "I'd like for you to spend the first part of this class solving the problem. Then we can move onto Nox's Theory of Magical Gravity," said Professor Vector before settling into her chair. Hermione immediately began to scribble away, her mind focusing on the task at hand and not the fact that the world outside Hogwarts was tearing itself apart. End of January, 1997, Hogsmeade Hermione perused the seldom visited used book section of Tomes and Scrolls, hoping that Mr. Biblio's lack of organization would lead her to something useful. She already carried a book that would help her in her essay on Moon Cycles for Professor Sinistra. Now if she could find something for Harry that would give them information on the Horcruxes Dumbledore wanted to destroy. Her search was proving fruitless. With a sigh she sat on the floor and began to look over the bottom shelf. Her fingers ran over the old bindings, pausing every so often to pull a book out and glance at the chapters. A laugh escaped her lips as she pulled out an old copy of Lockhart's Magical Me . How she ever had a crush on the idiot was beyond her. Why Professor Dumbledore even thought that it would be a good idea to have him teach in the first place an ongoing puzzle. She flipped the book over in her hands and moved to put it back, pausing when the novel wouldn't fit. She pulled the book back out again and looked into the slot. "Huh," she said, noticing that another book in the back must have shifted when she pulled out Lockhart's excuse for literature. Reaching in, she grabbed the tome for there was no other word to describe the heavy book, and pulled it out. Her heart started racing as she gazed upon The Dark Arts: A Practical Guide , a large book made of worn black leather and gold ink that was mostly flicked off at this point . Hermione looked back towards the counter where Mr. Biblio sat, absorbed in the Daily Prophet, before she turned her attention to the book in her hands. A flick of her wrist had her wand in hand, and she cast a muffliato charm around her. It wouldn't do any good to have the book start screaming as soon as she opened the first page. With a great amount of caution, Hermione opened the book to the contents and let a whoosh of air from her lungs when the book didn't start any dramatic noise making. Her curiosity turned to frustration when she couldn't find anything on Horcruxes. Still, it would be worth keeping around. Hermione looked up at the front counter. Mr. Biblio was still absorbed in his paper. He would surely question her if she attempted to purchase this book. Biting her lip then looking at her satchel, Hermione made the quick decision to shrink the book and shove it into her bag. 'I can always pay him back,' she reasoned as she stood with the astronomy book she did intend the purchase and picked her way through the stacks to the counter. Mr. Biblio looked up at her with kind blue eyes and smiled, "Ah, Miss Granger, always a pleasure." He set the paper down on the counter and held his hand out for the book. Hermione handed it over and smiled. "How have you been, Mr. Biblio?" Hermione asked, a sweet smile gracing her lips. Mr. Biblio frowned. "I'd be quite a bit better if You-Know-Who's forces didn't destroy that homeless shelter in the crossfire with Auror's in Diagon Alley last week. Brought all those vagrants up here. Between them and the Death Eaters I have half a mind to close the shop for a bit; this whole war is bad for business. No one wants anything because they're too scared to leave their homes!" Mr. Biblio said with a growl as he rang up Hermione's book. A slight bit of guilt bubbled up in the pit of Hermione's stomach as she thought of the Dark book in the bottom of her bag. She stamped that feeling out as she realized Mr. Biblio probably hadn't even catalogued the used books otherwise that one would never be there in the first place. "You tell your friend that I want this war over with. Make sure he gets the message," Mr. Biblio grouched, pointing a finger at Hermione as she paid and took her book back, "and make sure you stay safe!" "Yes sir, always," replied Hermione with a smile. "Mione," Ginny's voice called from the front of the shop making her turn towards the red haired girl, "Harry and Ron said to meet them at the Three Broomsticks for lunch. I've got to pop over to Honeyduke's but then I'll meet up with you. Save us a table in the back, will you?" "Of course, Gin. I'll see you there," Hermione said before brushing an errant curl out of her face and bidding Mr. Biblio a good day. Hermione lightened her bags with a wave of her wand