"You're scared." "I'm not scared," Peeta bristled. "Bullshit, Mellark," Finnick retorted; his sea green eyes flashed with amusement. Peeta huffed in aggravation, crossing his arms over his chest. "I told you I don't believe in this stuff. It's a waste of time and money." "Yeah, yeah. You're just worried about what you might find out," the female to his left piped up. He looked at her briefly, meeting the challenge in her wide-set brown eyes. Johanna Mason was a friend of Finnick's. He didn't know her that well yet, but it was easy to see why the two of them got along so well. And tonight, they had seemingly decided to gang up on him. The late summer air was rife with humidity, causing beads of sweat to break out across his flesh. In frustration, he pushed a blond tuft of hair off his forehead, his gaze sweeping across the large parking lot where they were currently gathered. A steady stream of laughter and shrieking echoed throughout the carnival grounds, reverberating off the crowds that billowed in every direction. His eyes bounced from one neon-lit booth to another, and as he focused on a young girl dragging a teddy bear along the pavement, Finnick goaded, "So, what's it going to be? You going to chicken out on us or what?" "Fine," he finally conceded, knowing that his friends would give him shit all night long if he didn't. He honestly wasn't afraid; he just knew fortune tellers were a rip off. And that money could serve a much better purpose. Basically any other purpose. Still, he tucked his head into the tent before them, his pupils contracting due to the lack of light. It was eerily quiet, unnerving him a bit. "Hello?" Peeta called out amidst the darkness. "Anyone in here?" "Back here," a female voice registered. For some reason, he was expecting it to sound old and gravelly, but this voice was young and soft, like a feather dusting the inner canal of his earlobe. He followed the source to the tattered curtain several yards in front of him, and when he stepped behind it, his eyebrows lilted with interest. A girl his own age sat behind a table with a handwritten sign that read Madame Everdeen . It wasn't at all what he expected, this girl with her small frame and olive complexion. Her hair was as black as a moonless night, shimmering like a piece of onyx beneath the glow of several strategically placed candles, and her mysterious gray eyes beckoned him to sit. He did immediately, already feeling entranced by her beauty. "What's your name?" she asked. "Um, Peeta," he said, his Adam's apple bobbing in his throat. "Peeta Mellark." She took in his appearance, noting the blonde curls that fell like waves across his face, the bright blue eyes that were full of intrigue, and the broad shoulders that segued into a solid build. Nodding, she said, "I do palm and Tarot card readings. Which do you prefer?" "What, no crystal ball?" he teased. But his joke didn't elicit a single chuckle from her. Not even the hint of a smile. Clearing his throat awkwardly, he muttered, "Uh, I guess the Tarot card reading is fine." "You should know that this is for entertainment purposes only. The cards selected represent a reflection of the energy present in this space," she told him. "What does that mean?" "It means that this is not a definitive look at your future. Your feelings about a situation or what you are doing might change over time, and that would obviously alter the outcome." Peeta nodded slowly. "Okay then. Cost is $25. I only take cash." She stared at him expectantly as she kept her hands folded together. Peeta muttered to himself about how Finnick owed him big time. $25 for a reading about a future that might not even exist was a huge ripoff. But there was something about this girl, something that he couldn't quite place his finger on. She was attractive, no doubt, but there was something else in her demeanor and in her eyes that demanded his attention. He didn't know why, but his gut told him that she was important, that ultimately she would have a very profound effect on him. Maybe that idea was ridiculous; 15 minutes with her wasn't going to change his life. But a sense of urgency surged and crackled beneath the surface of his skin, electrifying his insides. So he reached into his wallet, pulling out two crisp bills. He handed the money over, and she nodded with satisfaction before placing a deck of Tarot cards onto the table. "Please shuffle these." He grabbed the deck, doing as she asked. When he put them back down on the table, she told him to cut the cards. Again, he did as he was told. Madame Everdeen explained to him that her hands should not touch the cards, lest her own energy be mixed in with his, giving a false reading. She instructed him to pick five cards from the deck, organizing them into a horseshoe shape. As he did, she said, "From left to right, these cards will represent your Present Position, your Present Desires, the Unexpected, your Immediate Future, and the Outcome." With the cards turned over, she began narrating a pretty accurate depiction of his current situation; he was well-liked by many due to his congenial nature. He had a clever and artistic mind, though he often used physical activity such as sports as a means of expression or for working through frustrations in his life. Although overall positive about his present position, he had certain concerns as well. His family life was thick with tension, particularly the relationship with his mother. There were fears about his future, whether he would get into a good school or not. And there were questions about his current romantic status as well. Even though he often had the attention of many, it was not the kind of attention he sought. Peeta looked at the next card with curiosity: The Fool. "What does this one mean?" he wondered. "It could mean a number of different things, like a warning that a significant change is coming," she explained. "Or perhaps it means taking action where the circumstances are unknown. Taking risks if you will." Peeta licked his bottom lip as he watched her intently. Was that some kind of hidden message she was sending his way? Maybe the significant change began with him walking into this tent. Maybe she was the risk he was supposed to take. Words that usually came so easy to him felt heavy on his tongue, and as he tried to gather the courage to voice what was bubbling in his throat, she suddenly became very tense. Her eyes dimmed as she stared at the last two cards on the table and something like fear or pain flickered across her features. He wasn't quite sure what to make of it, the rigidness of her stance or the drastic change in her complexion. Her face grew quite pale, and her breath came out in quick, shallow puffs. Peeta's stomach knotted as she became more and more agitated. Her neck snapped up, fire burning in her eyes as she stared at him defiantly. A shiver crept up his spine at the expression on her face. "What–what's wrong?" he stammered. "Get out," she practically snarled. "Wait, why? What's going on?" he muttered with confusion. She stood up and grabbed the money he had given to her, throwing the bills right back at him. "Take your money and get the hell out of here!" she shouted, pointing toward the exit. He grasped at the bills in his hands shakily, fumbling to stick them back into his wallet. "Listen, I don't know what I did to offend you. But you're kind of scaring me here, and just… what's happening? What did you see?" "I swear to God I'll call security. Do you want to get thrown out?" "Shit, no! There's no reason to call security." He held up his hands in surrender as he took several steps backwards. "I'll just go, okay? I'm walking away." He practically tripped over his own feet as he staggered backwards, and when he felt the tattered curtain brush against his shoulder, he turned and made a sprint toward the exit. As he reemerged from the tent, he heard some hoots and hollers. Disoriented, he spun in a circle until his eyes landed upon Finnick and Johanna. Finnick squeezed his shoulder. "Congrats, you're no longer a pussy. How's that future looking anyway? Gonna run for office someday? I should probably start learning how to run a proper campaign, huh?" Peeta blinked, opening his mouth several times to speak. But his voice was extremely dry, and nothing came out. Johanna laughed at the expression on his face. "Why do you look like somebody kicked your favorite puppy? You're not about to die on us or anything, right?" Peeta just looked back at the tent, shaking his head in confusion. Suddenly, the laughter died in her throat, her hand streaking through her short, spiky locks. "Wait. You're not about to die on us, right ?" she emphasized. "What the hell, Jo?" Finnick asked with bewilderment. "Well, look at him! He's obviously freaked out," she defended. Finnick looked back at Peeta with a frown. "Are you okay?" "I don't know what just happened," he finally managed to squeak out. "What do you mean?" Peeta wet his lips again. "One minute, everything was fine. We were talking about my current situation, and I thought maybe she was flirting with me or something–" "Gross," Johanna interrupted, making a gagging noise. "You have a thing for weird old ladies now?" "No, it wasn't like that," Peeta defended. "She's our age. Anyway, that's not the point. Everything was fine, and then suddenly she was screaming at me to get out of her tent, threatening to call security…" "Maybe she doesn't like guys hitting on her when she's doing her job?" Johanna offered. "I didn't hit on her! I didn't do anything. She just went nuts." Finnick shrugged. "Sounds like every girl I've ever dated. Chicks are crazy, man. They go from one extreme to the next. Hot and then cold." "Fuck you," Johanna quipped, giving him the finger. "Like men are a walk in the park." "I wasn't talking about you ." Finnick offered her one of his trademark smiles, oozing with charm, and she just rolled her eyes. Peeta sighed deeply. "You guys aren't listening to me. It wasn't anything like that. She saw something, something to do with my future." He gulped slowly. "And whatever it was, it was bad. Really, really bad." He tossed and turned the entire night, unable to sleep a wink over what happened at the carnival. Deciding he needed some answers, he went back down there the next day, practically charging into the fortune-telling tent and through the tattered curtain. "Look, I know we got off to a bad start, but I need to know–" Peeta stopped dead in his tracks when he was greeted by an older woman with pink hair who was wearing globs of makeup. Her makeshift sign read Madame Trinket . "Well, hello there young man," she practically purred. "How can I help you?" His brow furrowed as he asked, "Where's the girl who was here yesterday?" "I heard she quit. You young people today," she waved her hand with a sigh. "No manners, no respect for the sanctity of work. I mean, she'll never build up a faithful clientele with that kind of attitude, will she? No matter. I can help you with whatever it is you seek. Shall we go with the palm or Tarot card reading?" Peeta sat down in the chair, feeling queasy at what she might tell him. But he had to know. "Tarot card reading please." He gave her the