Katniss' eyes flitted around the darkly lit room, taking in her surroundings as the hum of idle chatter tickled her ears. She was seated in an empty booth in a back corner pocket of the bar, watching with mild disinterest as various groups of people filtered through the entrance. It wasn't her usual scene, a crowded bar on a Friday night. But Katniss didn't have a usual scene. Her friend Madge seemed to think she was bordering on antisocial these days, which was precisely why she'd been ordered to come here tonight. Scowling, she looked down at her phone for seemingly the hundredth time. Forty-five minutes. That's how long she'd been waiting for the guy that was supposed to be meeting her. As if she wasn't self-conscious about her relationship status as it was, it appeared as though her blind date for the evening had been scared off before he'd even laid eyes on her. I've been stood up, Katniss thought to herself dourly. Perfect . She took a long sip of her martini, feeling the alcohol burn as it slid down her throat. She wasn't sure what the proper protocol was or how long she was supposed to wait before she hightailed it out of here. But she knew it wouldn't be much longer. Whether or not anybody was actually paying attention to her, she felt as though she had a giant 'L' etched into her forehead, signifying what a loser she was. A loser who'd been reduced to sitting by herself at some seedy little bar waiting for a guy who clearly wanted nothing to do with her. Why she continued to allow Madge to talk her into these things, she'd never know. She was a great friend, but she was a horrible matchmaker. And Katniss was truly getting tired of her butting into her love life so much. Madge was the girl who married her high school sweetheart straight out of college; she'd never been with anyone else. Katniss thought she must be bored, living out some twisted fantasies through her failed attempts at setting Katniss up. It would be one thing if the suitors were even remotely compatible with her, but Madge was completely out of touch when it came to dating. Probably because it'd been so long since she'd actually done it. When Madge told Katniss about this particular blind date, she'd rejected it immediately. "I'm busy that day." "I haven't even told you what day," Madge had said with an exaggerated huff. "Look, I know the last few guys have been less than ideal, but this guy? He's the one. Believe me." They were all the "one" according to Madge. Katniss knew her friend wouldn't stop pestering her until she gave in, so eventually, she agreed to one final date. If this one went to bust as well, that was it. She'd be more than happy to sit at home with a glass of wine and watch a movie on Netflix or something. Honestly, anything would be better than her current situation. One hour . With an irritable sigh, Katniss gulped down the rest of her drink. Then she grabbed her cell phone and sent a message to Madge. Never again. As she was gathering her things, her phone chimed to indicate an incoming text. Really? What's wrong with this one? :( Katniss planned to type out a response about how she wouldn't know because he never even bothered to show up, but a voice captured her attention instead. "Excuse me?" Katniss looked up into a pair of unfamiliar blue eyes. Not just any blue eyes, however. The bluest eyes she'd ever remembered encountering. They reminded her of the crystal waters that often adorned the travel brochures that littered her office, clear and alluring. But they were full of uncertainty too, attached to a guy she could only describe as gorgeous. He wasn't movie-star handsome. No, he was attractive in that unassuming, boy-next-door type of way. The kind of boy-next-door you hoped ran out of sugar just so he would knock on your door and ask you to borrow some. And you definitely wanted to give him sugar. His golden curls fell like tiny rivulets over his eyes, and his eyelashes were so impossibly long, she wondered how they didn't become tangled when he blinked. She transfixed on his lips as he wet them; they were full and pink and looked so soft. She wondered if he tasted as good as he looked. The thought flashed through her mind so quickly, she wasn't even sure where it came from. And then it occurred to her that she'd been staring at him stupidly for several moments. Finally, she forced her traitorous tongue to cooperate. "Are you looking for Katniss?" He smiled warmly at her question, and she felt like melted butter being dribbled over homemade biscuits. "Yes, actually. I am." He indicated the seat across from her and said, "May I?" She nodded quickly. "Please." As he settled into the booth, rolling up the sleeves of his button-down shirt, her eyes gave him a full appraisal. Madge really sold him short in the looks department, she thought. Blonde, good-looking, good build. That had been the basic gist of her description. But he had broad shoulders that indicated that he was probably pretty athletic (and could probably hoist her small frame over his shoulder as easily as a bag of flour). His jaw was formidably chiseled, and tiny freckles peppered the bridge of his nose. Katniss had to actively subdue the sigh from escaping her lips. She knew she was likely overreacting; he was just another guy after all. But her expectations had been set so low, and none of the guys she'd been on a date with in years had been anything to write home about. So when this one showed up looking presentable and, most of all, normal, it made him seem like that elusive glass of water in the desert. And honestly, she wanted to hydrate. She wanted to hydrate quite badly. But then she remembered she'd been sitting here for an hour waiting for him to show up. And that just wasn't good manners, as her boss Effie Trinket would say. Groaning internally, she chastised herself for allowing anything her ridiculous, over-the-top boss said to worm its way into her subconscious. "I thought you weren't going to show," she told him. "Actually, I was just about to leave." A frown crossed his lips. "I'm sorry about that. There was this huge five-car pileup on the highway. I was stuck in traffic forever, and unfortunately, I didn't have your phone number. I feel awful about it." At his explanation, she felt guilty. All this time, she'd assumed she was waiting for some jerk who either didn't own a watch or decided he had better things to do than to waste a Friday night with her. The fact that he may have had a legitimate reason not to be here hadn't even crossed her mind. With a nonchalant wave of her hand, she said, "Don't worry about it. I didn't have your phone number either. It's actually kind of silly, isn't it? I mean, who even goes on real blind dates anymore?" He laughed earnestly, his eyes crinkling at the corners, and she decided it was as sweet as honey. "I can honestly say this is a first for me." "Madge is so old-fashioned, I swear. She insists upon it. The element of surprise and all that." "Well, this is definitely one of the best surprises I've had. I mean, you're beautiful." He said it like it was a fact, not a pickup line, and it caused a blush to spread across her olive complexion. She wondered when her stomach decided to take up taekwondo. Because it was doing all kinds of crazy kicks at the moment. Clearing her throat, she tucked a loose strand of inky black hair behind her ear. "Thank you. I, uh… I was thinking the same thing. You know, about this being a great surprise." An endearing smile split his face, and he asked, "You'll let me make it up to you by buying you a drink then?" "Okay," she agreed, biting her lip. "I suppose I can do that." He went up to the bar to order them a round of drinks, and when he settled back into his seat, he offered her the chocolate martini she'd requested. "Thank you," she smiled shyly before taking another sip. Hopefully, the more alcohol she got in her system, the more at ease she would begin to feel. "Madge tells me you guys know each other from school." He nodded, his fingers wrapped securely around his beer bottle. "That we do." "And were you a psychology major as well?" "Graphic design actually. But we had some mutual friends." Shrugging, he took a sip of his drink. Katniss watched his Adam's apple bob as he swallowed. "I can't believe she never really mentioned you before." "She never really mentioned you either." "Then again, I shouldn't be surprised. She has the worst taste in men imaginable." At her declaration, he clutched his heart as if he'd been badly wounded. "Ouch, that hurt." Her eyes grew comically wide as she realized what she'd implied, and she quickly stammered out an apology. "Not you! No no no, not you. I just meant, you know, before . Before you. Because she's always setting me up on these really awful dates. But you're not awful. You're actually quite the opposite of awful. And I didn't mean to insult you. But I did, and I'm sorry. And now I'm rambling like an idiot–" "Katniss," he interrupted, his eyes shimmering with mirth. "It's okay. Really. I was kidding." "Oh." Not knowing how to respond to that, she just took another sip of her drink. Quirking an eyebrow, he said, "I have to admit, you're making me pretty curious about these awful dates you've been on." "Yeah?" "Sounds like it might make for an interesting story." She released a long breath. "Well, let's see… The last guy I went out with was named Marvel." "Please tell me his parents were really big comic book aficionados." She shrugged. "Wouldn't know. I couldn't get a word in edgewise. And he spent the whole night referring to himself in the third person." With a smirk, he said, "Marvel thinks he's extremely interesting." She rolled her eyes. "Marvel is not at all marvelous." With another sip of her martini, she said, "The guy before that was my father's age. I'm a daddy's girl, but not that kind. Well, I was anyway." "Was?" "Yeah," she shifted in her seat uncomfortably, wondering why she even brought it up. "He died when I was a kid." "Oh, I'm sorry to hear that," he offered genuinely. "Thanks," she said softly. The conversation between them stalled, the air around them charged with awkwardness. Not wanting to ruin the mood any more than she already had, she cleared her throat again and added, "Anyway… his name was Caesar." Nodding, he stroked his chin in thought. "Parents were Shakespeare fans, I'm thinking. Or history buffs. Either way, I'm into it." "He was very…colorful. And I don't just mean that metaphorically." When his eyes urged her to continue, she admitted, "I couldn't stop staring at his toupee. It was blue." He laughed out loud at the imagery. "Well, that's one version of a midlife crisis. I kind of wish I could've seen it. Did it move?" "Every time he did." Chuckling again, he brought the beer bottle to his lips. "Thom was Madge's third cousin twice removed or something. I can't remember." "I have to say. I'm pretty disappointed at the lack of imagination here. I mean, come on. Thom ?" "Thom with the silent 'h' if that helps any." "Maybe," he conceded. "But you've got me at the edge of my seat. Wait, let me guess!" He thought about it for