The first time it happens, it's a knife to the heart. I cling to the blade with shaky hands as a searing pain rips through my insides, throbbing with an intensity that causes me to gasp for breath. My limbs go weak, as useful as those overcooked noodles in the Capitol, and I collapse to the ground in a state of duress. I can feel the blood seeping out of me, wet and sticky and staining my hands red. My chest is heaving desperately as I search for air that can't seem to fill my lungs, and I try to get my mind to focus, to figure out a way to save myself. But death abounds all around me, bloodcurdling cries of agony that trickle through my consciousness and embed themselves into the lining of my flesh. If I pull the knife out, the blood gushes faster, and I'm dead within seconds. But if I leave the knife in, I die anyway, even if it's bit by bit. By now, my body is in shock from the adrenaline flowing through my veins. I don't feel the pain anymore as I stare up at an unfamiliar sky. Instead, I feel dizzy and numb, my body trembling with a cold sweat as the life slowly drains out of me. I shouldn't have done it. I shouldn't have made the run toward that golden, horn-shaped cone that seemed like salvation only moments ago. I really thought I could get there, grab the bow and arrow, have a chance at survival. Haymitch warned me that I shouldn't, that I wasn't up to the task, and even that damn Peeta Mellark shook his head at me like he knew I was going to make a fool of myself. I overestimated my abilities, listened to neither of them. And now I lie here in a puddle of blood, clinging to my last seconds on this planet. I can practically see my mentor shaking his head with disappointment, his words ricocheting around in my skull as though to torment me one last time. "Congratulations, sweetheart. Went and got yourself killed not even a minute into the Games." At least he doesn't have to pretend to care about me anymore. Like I was anything special anyway. We were all deluding ourselves with that one. Now Haymitch can get drunk to his heart's content, which is what he really wants. Or maybe he'll actually attempt to save Peeta. Maybe my death will win him some kind of sympathy with viewers and sponsors alike. Did you hear about the star-crossed lovers from District 12? How sad for them. Yes, how very tragic. My eyes flutter closed, and I see my sister Prim. My beautiful Prim with her big blue eyes and gentle soul. She's probably inconsolable at this point, watching me slip away when she's thousands of miles away, unable to do anything about it. I promised her that I would try to win, that I would try to make it back home, and I failed her. I failed her miserably. The only way I'll make it home now is in a body bag. Memories flash through my mind like little fragments of glass. They fire off all at once, shiny and distorted and chaotic in my brain. I see my father before his death, teaching me how to use a bow and arrow for the first time; I see my mother overcome by depression after the accident in the mines; I see Gale and me hunting in the woods; I see myself volunteering in my sister's place at the reaping. The last thing I see is a mess of blonde curls and curious blue eyes peering at me from behind a very hostile woman. She's screaming at me to get off her property, hurling insults in my direction as blistering cold rain pours down upon me and drenches my skin. But I'm unable to make myself move, too weak and exhausted by hunger. My teeth chatter, and my bones ache as I stare listlessly ahead, thinking it might be better just to give up right here and now. I can't go home to my starving baby sister with absolutely nothing to feed her. I wouldn't even be able to look at her. At this point, she would be better off in a community home. Better off without me. I once again hear noises coming from inside the bakery, more yelling and insults from the baker's witch of a wife. And then the young boy with the blonde hair and blue eyes steps outside with several loaves of burnt bread. I don't miss the fresh welt by his eye as he tears into the bread and throws several pieces to the pigs. Then he looks around to make sure nobody's watching before throwing the loaves of bread in my direction. I stare at them with shock and relief as I inhale my last breath. Then I'm swallowed by darkness. I startle awake, my hand flying to my chest. There's no knife buried there, no blood pouring out. As I gather my bearings and focus my eyes, I notice I'm in bed, back in the District 12 living quarters of the Capitol. I try to calm myself with soothing words, breathing deeply in and out. I'm not dead. It was just a nightmare. It felt so vivid, so real. I'm already dreaming about dying in the Games. But I can't afford to do that. I have to get my head screwed on right. My stylist Cinna comes to fetch me for the roof, and a hovercraft appears to bring us to the arena. I cling to the ladder it drops down, frozen in place by some kind of current, and try to wedge that horrible nightmare from my consciousness. They put a tracker in me, and then I'm released by the current. Cinna and I are directed to a room with breakfast waiting for us. I try to eat as much as I can despite how anxious I feel, and by the time we reach the catacombs beneath the arena, I can't deny this strange feeling in the pit of my stomach. It's not the same as the nervousness that permeates my entire system. I don't know quite how to explain it except that there's a sensation of déjà vu taking over me. It's almost as if I've done this once before. The longer I spend in those catacombs, showering, braiding my hair, dressing in the required clothing I've been given, the more familiar this all seems to become. The idea in itself is ridiculous of course; the day just started. I haven't gone to the arena yet. But I just can't seem to shake it. When I'm finished dressing, Cinna retrieves the gold mockingjay pin from his pocket that my friend Madge had given me. "Where did you get that?" I ask. But then immediately I feel like I know his answer, from the green outfit I wore on the train. He repeats my thought almost word for word before confirming it's my district token and fastening it to my jacket. My anxiety transforms into full-blown terror as the minutes tick by, and we wait. When Cinna asks me if I want to talk, I can't even fathom a word to say, nevermind get my tongue to cooperate. So we sit in silence. And I try to dismiss the voice in the back of my head that keeps telling me this has all already happened. It hasn't already happened! I shout at that nagging voice. If it had, clearly I would be dead. And I'm not dead. Am I? Thankfully, by the time I'm standing atop the metal plate in the arena, my survival instinct ramps up, blocking out all other voices inside of me. My eyes bounce around quickly, surveying the scenery around us, before landing on the Cornucopia some forty yards ahead. And there, glistening in the late morning sun, sits a bow and arrow. I want to make a run for it. Maybe I can. I know Haymitch told me not to, but he's never seen me run. It might be my only shot. But as I search for Peeta among the other tributes, my district partner shakes his head at me. Suddenly, I'm back inside that nightmare. And as the gong rings out, I hesitate briefly. No, I can't run to the Cornucopia. I'll die. I'm not sure where that idea comes from, but it's as clear as crystal in my mind. Still, I feel like I can't head toward the woods with nothing. There's a bright orange backpack several yards away, and I lunge toward it. The boy I recognize from District 9 attempts to grab it at the same time before spraying my face with a mouthful of blood. I realize there's a knife in his back and briefly glance upon the girl from District 2 who must have thrown it. I want to stagger in disgust. But instead, I scramble to my feet and make a mad dash for the forest, instinctively guarding myself with the backpack. It catches the knife that was meant for my head, and I think it will be a useful weapon as I disappear into the trees. Lots of tributes die in the bloodbath at the Cornucopia, almost half of us. But none of them are me. I feel grateful for that nightmare as I trek through the woods, searching for water. It's so hot out here, this artificial heat causing my body to perspire harshly, and my main goal now is to find water. That's what Haymitch told me I needed to do, and he's right. With the temperature the way it is now, I won't last for more than a couple days without it. But by nightfall, I have yet to find any, and I know it's not safe for me all alone in the dark. So I climb a tree, setting out my sleeping bag, and tether myself to it with my belt. I don't know how Peeta is faring, if he's still alive. When the cannons went off earlier to signify the fallen tributes, I feared he may have been killed already. And that thought made me inexplicably sad. We're not friends, Peeta and me. We never have been, despite Haymitch's insistence that we play up some kind of unified front in the days leading up to the Games. And even despite Peeta's declaration that he's had a crush on me forever during his interview with Caesar Flickerman. That was just some strategy he and Haymitch conjured up to win us favor with the audience anyway. I was angry at him for his superiority, the fact that his biggest concern was not having the Capitol change him into something he's not when all I'm trying to do is survive and get back to my sister by whatever means necessary. But now that I've witnessed all this death, I can't help but be sad at the notion that he might not have made it. That he might be dead already. He's the boy with the bread, the one that saved me from starvation when we were just eleven years old. I've owed him a debt all this time, and now I'll never be able to repay it. But I suppose it doesn't matter. And maybe it's for the best. I wouldn't want to be the one to have to kill him. A little while later, I hear the anthem that precedes the death recap and see the seal of the Capitol in the sky. It turns out Peeta isn't dead. Not yet anyway. And the relief that courses through me is palpable, even in light of my earlier decision. I tell myself it's because, if I don't win, I want him to win. His victory would most benefit Prim and my mother, as well as my entire district who will be fed for a year.