The shrill and incessant beeping of her alarm clock forced Katniss Everdeen from her peaceful slumber. In her sleep-induced haze, her hand reached for the offending item that was currently piercing her eardrums and fumbled around blindly until she found it. When she did, she slowly peeled one eye open, glanced at the blurry numbers on the clock, and immediately hit the snooze button. She settled comfortably into her previous position, draping her hand around her pillow. But just as she started slipping back into unconsciousness, a single thought blazed through her mind like a shooting star, and she bolted upright in a panic. Despite feeling a bit woozy, she rubbed her eyes and looked around her small studio apartment. There were clothing items haphazardly discarded on the floor as well as a sink full of dishes piled high. If her sister Prim were here now, she would surely be getting a lecture on personal hygiene and cleanliness, which in Prim's line of work was close to godliness. But she wasn't here now, most likely on her way to the hospital where she volunteered as a candy striper. Even though Prim was the younger of the two Everdeen sisters, she was always the wiser of the two in Katniss' eyes. At least, in a practical sense. Prim had inherited their mother's aptitude for knowledge, particularly in the field of medicine. She was also kind to a fault, a romantic at heart, and far more optimistic than she had any right to be given the circumstances she had been dealt at such a young age. Katniss on the other hand had inherited her father's inner strength, his fiery spirit that often manifested itself into complete stubbornness, and his capacity to deal with situations head-on, doing whatever was necessary to survive. Maybe Prim was more book smart whereas Katniss was more street smart. But however different the two of them were, even in the coloring of their hair and complexions, they complemented each other in more ways than one. Prim was the yin to Katniss' yang. And on days like today, when she woke up all alone in this tiny apartment and stared at four walls which she was positive were judging her, she missed her sister more than anything. Wasn't there a song about one being the loneliest number? Katniss Everdeen was definitely lonely. She had decided last year that she would move out of her father's old home, the place she had lived for the entirety of her life. He had been killed in an accident at the factory where he worked when she was a preteen, and Katniss' mother had gone into such a state of depression that she'd withdrawn from the world around her. Prim was so little at the time, unable to do much to care for herself. But Katniss resolved that neither she nor her sister would ever be taken from each other or put into any kind of orphanage or foster home situation. She was resourceful, and thanks to all of the things her father had taught her, she'd managed not only to keep them alive but also to keep up the façade that all was well in the Everdeen household. State social workers and counselors at school bought the act hook, line, and sinker. Except that in reality, all wasn't well. Not even a little bit. Sometimes there wasn't any food to eat or clothes to wear. They would go days at a time with barely a crumb to sustain them or fill their bellies. And sometimes the griefwould catch up to Katniss, suffocating her like a hand wound tightly around her throat. On days like that, she wanted to give up. Sit in the corner just like her mother had and disappear from it all. But she couldn't. She had Prim to care for. The two sisters were all each other had in this world, and she refused to back out of the promise she'd made to herself to protect her at all costs. Because she loved her sister more than anything. And somehow or another, they were going to make it. And somehow or another they did. When their mother finally snapped out of her catatonic state and returned to a more normal version of herself, it was too late in Katniss' eyes. There was too much damage done to their relationship to ever be completely repaired. But Prim forgave her pretty instantly, telling Katniss, "Grief is like a river; you have to let it flow. Each person's current takes them to different places, and it's not for us to judge their course. But now that she's drifting back to land, we have to be her life rafts. We have to keep her anchored to the ground." Katniss had no idea where she had heard such a thing, perhaps in one of those books she loved to carry around so much. But as beautiful as the words and the sentiment was, and as much as she understood them on an intellectual level, Katniss had a hard time accepting it in her heart. Mrs. Everdeen had abandoned them when they needed their mother the most, and she didn't find forgiveness as easily as Prim. But then again, her sister had a lot more in common with her mother than Katniss did. For one, they looked like they came from the same gene pool. And Prim was much more interested in following her mother's line of work. She wanted to be a nurse someday as well. Katniss, on the other hand, had no idea what she wanted to do with her life. After high school ended, she attended a small community college. And from there, she drifted from one job to another. About a year ago, she finally got a job working as a secretary at a midsize accounting firm named Abernathy and Co. At this point in her life, Prim didn't need her anymore. Her mother certainly didn't need her. And she figured that at 21 years of age, it was probably time to move out of the nest. So she did, hoping it would be the start of a new adventure in life. In reality, it was a pretty lonely existence. She had exactly two friends, Gale and Madge. Because of life's circumstances, Katniss had a hard time trusting people and letting them in. She also wasn't the most social butterfly, and she never found it very easy to make friends. Gale had lost his father to the same factory accident that claimed her own, and they had bonded over the shared tragedy. Madge was the Mayor's daughter, and she and Katniss had almost nothing in common. Her family was obviously much more well-to-do than the Everdeen's. But they had been in all of the same classes since kindergarten, and she was fairly certain Madge had a crush on Gale. Many girls had a crush on Gale; he was tall, dark, and brooding. And he was angry about so many things, though she knew he was a good guy at heart. It was best not to engage him in a discussion about politics, though, because he would go into a tangent about all of the government's failures. Madge had grown up in a political family, and Katniss suspected that side of him appealed to her, even if it was just to spite her father. While Katniss herself never had any romantic feelings for Gale, she did harbor a strange sense of entitlement when it came to him, like he belonged to her or something. Gale was hers, she was his, and that's all there was to it. So naturally, most of these girls annoyed her in a way that wasn't necessarily all that reasonable on the surface. But Madge was different. She had the bright idea of grabbing Gale's attention by befriending his best friend. And even though Katniss realized Madge's interest in her was superficial at best, at least in the beginning, she didn't have any other female friends. Begrudgingly, she went along with the ploy to win Gale's affection. And strangely enough, in the end, spending all that time together made them realize that they actually tolerated one another. Rather, they even liked each other. These days, she rarely saw either of them. Gale worked full-time at the factory that claimed their fathers' lives, and Madge was in grad school. Without the company of her sister or her friends, or even the modicum of a social life, all Katniss really had these days was her job. And that job was slowly sucking the life out of her. It wasn't even that she hated what she was doing. It was her boss, one Haymitch Abernathy. He was an absolute nightmare on his best day. And on his worst, well… Her official job title was secretary, but it might as well have been "Abernathy's Personal Servant." The lines of what were required of her had blurred ages ago, and she had long since given up trying to understand him. He was a crotchety old drunk who worked her half to death on a meager salary that was basically only enough to pay for this tiny apartment. But she was too stubborn to quit; after all, she had endured much harsher realities as a child and survived. She could tolerate working incredibly long hours and acquiescing to his every whim, no matter how ridiculous or tiresome it might be. At least she had a roof over her head and food in her stomach. And today? Today was the company Christmas party. She wasn't even sure why he bothered to have one every year, as she was positive he hated Christmas as much as he hated people. But even the most miserable people on earth had to do things for show sometimes. And this was his shining spectacular. Of course, he had absolutely nothing to do with the planning or running of said party. All of that responsibility landed squarely on Katniss' shoulders, which is precisely why she was up at the crack of dawn, staring at a disheveled studio that she had no time or energy to keep clean. Katniss Everdeen had a lot to get done this morning. After a very quick shower, she hobbled around the small studio, looking for an outfit to throw on. Fashion was never really her forte, and right now she was just looking for something presentable to wear. She picked up several blouses, sniffing them, before settling on a forest green shirt and some black slacks. Her long ebony locks hung loose and wet, and she had no time to dry her hair. So she placed it into a simple side braid that her mother had first showed her how to do when she was a very young girl. For some reason, it'd stuck with her. She wrapped herself in appropriate winter gear before grabbing a cup of coffee and running out the front door. Her first stop was the Mellark bakery, which was catering the event this evening. Mr. Mellark was an old friend (or, rather, an old admirer) of her mother's, and when she had stopped by the other day to grab a muffin on the way to work, the two of them had gotten to talking. Thankfully, his heinous wife was out of town because he was much friendlier in her absence. He offered to cater for the party, even giving her a fairly steep discount which she hoped would impress her boss (it didn't). Although he himself had to stay in the shop, he said he'd send his eldest son in his place to deliver the food and make sure everything ran smoothly. After a very pleasant exchange with Mr. Mellark regarding the last-minute details of the party, he offered her some freshly baked chocolate chip cookies, which were delicious, and she was on her way once again. After meeting with the DJ and the floral company in charge of delivering the