This was originally written for the 2012 Charlie Ficathon on LiveJournal by rillalicious for me. I asked rillalicious for permission to post this story and they graciously said that I could. I honestly cannot thank them enough for this absolutely brilliant story and for letting me share it here. I hope you enjoy it as much as I have. rillalicious's author notes: gaeilgerua, I hope you like this. I really, really, really loved writing it. You mentioned that you wanted plot, so I kind of ran with that. Thank you so much to my betas for your ability to put up with my incessant babble while I work these things out. And thank you to the outstanding mod for her tremendous patience! Morning broke over the craggy mountains like a splash of milk, whitening the overcast sky, spreading outward with steady imprecision. The low-hanging clouds felt ominous, heavy, as if they were bearing down on her. Guilt sometimes felt like that, Hermione thought. "Hey-oh!" Charlie clapped her shoulder lightly and strolled out past her and onto the dewy grass, a thread-worn satchel swung over his shoulder. "You ready for this?" "You've asked me that three times this morning," she said, plucking up her own small bag from the front step of the cabin and following him along. "Yeah, well, Ron just stuck his head through into fireplace again to make sure I knew what I was getting you into. I'm only passing on the message." He shot a look at her back over his shoulder. He had this smile that lit across one side of his face, crooked and devilish. "You can tell Ron that it's been five years since I've had any obligation to give him explanations." "Tell him yourself. You'll probably see him again before I do," he said. It was true, she'd be back in London as soon as they found the dragon, and Charlie would be back here, in Romania. "Seriously, though, Hermione. I need you to realize we could get ourselves killed out there, doing this." "Honestly, Charlie. I'm hardly a stranger to nearly getting myself killed for a good cause. And this is certainly a good cause." "That's what I said, too." And the right side of his face lit up again. "All right. Let's get a move on, then. This dragon's not going to keep forever." "No," she said, and she slung her bag over her shoulder, "I suppose not." She caught up to Charlie and walked beside him down the path to the place where they'd find their portkey. The dragon-Ella, Charlie called her, because he said every dragon had a name, or needed one-had been missing for seven years. Hermione had been one of the last three people to see her. She and Ron and Harry had clung to that pale, broad, slippery-scaled back all the way from Gringotts to the wilderness, until they were flying low enough to drop into the water. She'd thought about it then, but only in passing: where had the dragon, mostly blind and completely dependent, gone after that? But there had been a dark army on the assault, and horcruxes to find, and the dragon faded into her periphery until some years later. When she heard mention of it again, she was working at the Ministry, untangling a legal nightmare for the Department of Magical Creatures. The sightings were rare at first, and quickly dismissed as superstition, or a trick of the light. But as they became more frequent, and Obliviators were sent to Muggle villages to alter the memories of farmers who had seen the dragon hobbling along the edge of their land, or travelers who claimed the dragon landed on the road right in front of them, it became impossible for the Ministry to ignore. It had been Hermione who recognized the description. Every sighting had been within thirty kilometres of the place they'd left that dragon and she knew deep down in her gut that it was the Gringotts dragon all those people had seen. That was how she found herself attached to the case. The portkey was a teapot, dull copper caked with mud around the handle, sticking up out of the grass at an odd angle. "Not exactly inconspicuous," she said. Charlie shrugged. "No one comes out this way." He checked his watch. "Forty-five seconds. Ready?" She took hold of the teapot's spout and braced her stomach. In another few seconds, they were gone. "If you want me to set up the tent..." Charlie trailed off when he turned around, one hand on the back of his neck. The tent was already standing, and Hermione had moved on to double-checking his wards. "Ah, right. All the camping. Ron told me about that." "Yes," she said. "All the camping." Her lips twisted, a kind of half-smirk of amusement. "Your cloaking charms are excellent." "They'd better be," he said. "Would've got myself burnt to a crisp otherwise." "Oh," she said. "Right." "Right," said Charlie, levitating large stones from the area into a ring to make a fire pit. "So... Heard you broke up with my brother." Hermione laughed. "Five years ago," she said. "You'll have to forgive me. Social skills are a little rusty these days. Only people I see on a regular basis are the other handlers and their expectations aren't all that high for niceties and whatnot." "It's all right," she said. "I often prefer the company of books to people." "So I've heard." Charlie cast the fire, then tucked his wand away, rubbing his hands together. "Getting chilly now that the sun's going down," he said. Hermione waved her wand once, with a precision he hadn't seen since taking Charms at Hogwarts, and a rush of warm air swept out from the fire. "Better," he said. "I'm not finished." She cast another charm and tiny, hovering blue flames lit up the camp all around them. "That's nice." "Thank you." She stood there for a minute, as if she was unsure what to do next, and then she said, "I'm going to change out of these clothes. They're filthy from traveling." "Ah, yeah," said Charlie. "I'll stay out of the tent then." He winked. "Why don't I get supper started out here?" "That's all right," she said, her brows turning in, as if she didn't quite trust him. "I can do it." "No, really," said Charlie, "despite all appearances otherwise, I'm a decent cook." He grinned. "Mum taught me and Bill before the twins made her give up on the idea of raising a brood of sons who can cook for themselves." "That explains Ron." Charlie snorted and watched her disappear into the tent. He was crouched over the fire when she reappeared sometime later, wrapped in a warm blue coat and grey scarf that wound once loosely around her neck. "Still cold?" he said over his shoulder, watching as she tucked her hands in her pocket upon her approach. "I haven't had the luxury of leaning over a cooking fire," she said. "That smells good, Charlie. Really... good." "You don't have to say it with such surprise, you know." "I'm sorry. It's not that I didn't expect you could cook-all right, I didn't expect you could cook. But I don't mean to insult you like that. I just-" "You like to do it all yourself," he said. "Because you do it the right way, and it wastes everyone else's time when you let them do it the wrong way first, then have to fix it. Sound about right?" She waited a breath before answering. "Something like that." Charlie began dishing food onto their plates. "Yeah, I've got an assistant at the research center, Cal. She's just like that, too. Keeps me honest most days, if you want to know the truth." He rose to his feet, ignoring the faint cracking sound his knees made (years of flying and landing too hard and fast, that) and handed her a plate. "Dinner is served," he said. Hermione examined the plate, then tucked her scarf down beneath her chin as she sat on the log. Charlie came to sit beside her. "I'll wait for you to start," he said. "That way I'll know if it's worth eating." She stabbed a bit of potato with her fork, then slowly raised it to her lips, casting him a sly look out of the corner of her eye as she tasted it. He knew he was a decent cook, but he'd spent years cooking for no one but himself and his coworkers in Romania. "It's excellent," she said, after swallowing. "I'm more than impressed, Charlie." Charlie beamed and set about eating his own meal. "So what made you take up this cause in the first place?" he said, after a long while. "Dragons are a bit removed from house-elves and hippogryffs." "Is there nothing Ron didn't tell you?" she said. "Probably a little," said Charlie. "But we've got plenty of time to find that out, don't we?" "I suppose. All right, well, ever since we freed her, I've worried about this dragon. She was kept in deplorable conditions, and she's blind... I know she's survived seven years out here, but it's really only a matter of time until something dreadful happens. I'd hate to see her destroyed after all she's been through already. I've been petitioning for years." "So I've heard," said Charlie. "And I appreciate that. I've wanted to go after her since day one, but getting Ministry approval... You know how that goes. It doesn't make sense, really, but when she basically disappeared into the ether for the first few years, the powers that be lost interest. I reckon they thought she'd died out there, and wasn't their problem anymore. And then it just became a mess of red tape and backlogged requests. You're the one who finally pushed it through. Thank you." "I did what I could," she said, looking at her plate, though her smile told him that she was pleased with his appreciation. "Well, when we get her back and she's safely at the sanctuary, she'll appreciate it as much as I do." "I'll look forward to that," she said, and she held his gaze for a moment, her dark eyes searching out his face, as if she were looking for something. He didn't know what it was, but he found himself wanting to give it to her. "Oh! Almost forgot." He finally broke eye contact and reached into his satchel, pulling out a dark bottle and two glasses wrapped carefully in tea towels. "Pants at cushioning charms," he said. "So I always add a little reinforcement." "You brought wine?" He frowned slightly. "You don't drink wine?" "Oh, of course I drink it. It just..." She looked around the camp. "Seems... out of place here. Somewhat." Charlie followed her gaze and shrugged. "Yeah, I reckon it is. I just thought it might make things a little more... comfortable. You know, first night out here and all? It's only going to get harder from here." "That was thoughtful," she said. "Thank you. But you should know that you don't have to worry about my delicate constitution." "Oh, I didn't mean it like that. I just-Aw, hell. I would've brought beer but I reckoned you'd think that lacked sophistication." Hermione laughed. "I dated Ron , Charlie. Sophistication is not a watermark for me." "Thought maybe you'd learned your lesson there," he said, and he uncorked the bottle. He started to pour, then felt a little sorry for what he'd just said. "You know I'm just taking the piss, yeah? About Ron, I mean. I give him shit, but I love him." She took a glass from him and nodded. "Of course I know that. He loves you, too. In spite of all the wretched things he's said about you." He opened his mouth to respond, but caught just a hint of a smile as she sipped her wine, and he smiled back.