Author/Artist: GaeilgeRua Recipient: articcat621 Title: Reunions and Surprises Characters/Pairings: Hermione/Bill/Charlie Rating: NC-17 Word Count/Art Medium: 22,663 Warnings/Content: Alternate Universe, OOC, Smut, Threesome, Unplanned pregnancy Disclaimer: Harry Potter characters are the property of J.K. Rowling and Bloomsbury/Scholastic. No profit is being made, and no copyright infringement is intended. Summary: Struggling to deal with the death and destruction surrounding her after the war, Hermione moves to Australia to search for her parents. Two years later, wizards from her past find her and help her in her search. Notes: I want to thank articcat621, I've always wanted to write this threesome and her wonderful pairings and suggestions gave me that opportunity. I cannot thank our mod, for giving us an extension, which allowed me to give this story the time and attention it deserved. Last, but in no way least, I want to thank my Alpha, Squarepeg72, my betas, lj user="meiri_fics and twztdwildcat, and my Aussie picker, SlytherinPrincessNurse1994 for everything they did. Without their help, this story would not look even remotely close to what it does now. If there are any errors after they went through it, then they are my own. 6 November 2000, Canberra, Australian Capital Territory, Australia "Dammit." Hermione sighed, closing the file before her and frowning. "Another dead end." Letting her eyes fall shut, the brunette witch pressed her fingers against her temples and rubbed gently, frustrated with her lack of progress. In the year and a half since arriving in Australia, Hermione had received and followed up on over two-dozen different leads, but she was still no closer to finding her parents. Slowly some of the tension eased from her head and she opened her eyes, only to come face to face with the photo on her desk. It had been nearly two years since she had last seen either of her best friends. More than sixteen thousand kilometres of land and water between people will do that for you. But she couldn't return, at least not yet. She had to find her parents first. There was also the issue that she still needed to come to terms with everything that happened during the end of the war two and a half years ago, but Hermione was pushing that back as much as possible. She wasn't ready to deal with all those deaths. Reaching forward, she brushed her fingertips over the glass, another sigh escaping her lips. "I miss you guys," she whispered. "They miss you too, Smarts," a voice interrupted from the doorway. She nearly knocked over the photograph in her shock. Only two people ever called her that name, her father, who it couldn't possibly be because his voice was not that low plus he currently had no clue that he has a daughter, and one wizard. She gasped. "Bill!" She exclaimed as she jumped from her chair. As she rounded her desk, she was surprised to see a second familiar face. "Charlie?" She looked between the two wizards. "What are you both doing here?" Charlie laughed. "Well, isn't that a fine how do you do?" Hermione blushed. "I'm sorry, I just wasn't expecting to see anyone I know from back home around here since it's been so long." "If I remember correctly it was right after the last of the funerals," Bill said. Hermione frowned. "I know, but I just couldn't take it anymore. All the fighting, the deaths, the sadness everywhere I turned… I couldn't breathe anymore." Charlie stepped forward, hugging her. "Ignore him, love, he doesn't always think before he opens his mouth, but I promise he didn't mean to upset you." He pulled back and winked at her, a grin playing at the corners of his lips. "It's a Prewett family trait. We all get it from mum." She chuckled. "Of that, I have no doubt, but Bill's comment reminded me again of just how much I'm missing by being here." She sighed and leant her head against Charlie's shoulder. Closing her eyes, she breathed in his unique scent of ash, wood, spice, and man. "It's just been a trying day. Not only was I reminded of how much I miss home, but also I've reached another dead end in my search for my parents. Eighteen months and I still haven't found a single trace of them. Well, no trace after they arrived here." "Is there anything we can do to help you?" She opened her eyes and looked at Bill, who was now standing next to her and Charlie. "I wish there was, but all of my leads are dead ends and I don't have any new ones. The rest of the department has tried helping, but no luck. Honestly, it's like they disappeared off the face of the planet." A glint on the corner of her desk caught her eye. Remembering what words the innocuous piece of parchment bore, made her frown. "Smarts? Are you okay? I really am sorry for my comment earlier." Shaking her head to clear her thoughts, she reached out and squeezed his arm, smiling softly. "I know you are, Bill, and my frown wasn't for your comment, but rather I saw that parchment on my desk and remembered that I'd much rather go home after work tomorrow than go to the Beltane festival." "Why do you not want to go, love? It's a time for new beginnings and Beltane is a wonderful time of year, although it's strange to be celebrating in November rather than May." "Yes, it is very different from what we're used to, but at the same time it makes perfect sense due to their seasons being different from England's." She stepped out of Charlie's arms to look at both wizards. "I know it's a wonderful time of year and a time for new beginnings, but it's one thing to go to something like this with someone, it's another to go by yourself and have to watch everyone else enjoy themselves as they let the magic of the evening overtake them and you're stuck sitting on the sidelines by yourself." Bill and Charlie shared a look. Hermione noticed. "What?" "You know," Charlie said. "You don't have to go to the celebration alone if you don't want to, we'd be happy to accompany you tomorrow night." "Plus," Bill added, "I have an idea for how to find your parents, so we could stay and help you with your search." She arched an eyebrow. "I thought you were heading back home to England and Romania?" Charlie shrugged. "We were, but we both have time before we need to return since we were able to find the dragon we had been searching for much sooner than we thought thanks to Bill's curse breaking skills." Her second eyebrow joined the first. "Curse breaking skills to find a dragon? That's a new one." "Someone stole the dragon and while they were waiting for things to die down and the authorities to stop looking for it so he could sell it on the black market, the thief tried to mask the fact that he had a dragon with multiple layers of protections and I used the energy the protections were giving off to find the location." Charlie grinned, clapping Bill on the shoulder. "And the layers of protections were nothing for Bill. Took him less than two days to dismantle the ridiculous number of spells the man used, while the Australian ministry found the thief and took him into custody. Needless-to-say, he won't be seeing daylight from this side of prison bars for many, many years, because the Romanians do not take the stealing of one of their dragons lightly." Hermione's eyes lit up as events from the week before started to become clearer. "So that's what all the fuss was about on Friday." "Probably," Charlie replied. "He was found on Friday afternoon and we were able to free the dragon very early Saturday morning." "We've been finishing up paperwork since then to have both the thief and the longhorn sent back to Romania," Bill explained. "We were on our way to the portkey office to leave for England for a few days when we decided to visit you before we left. I'm glad we did." "So am I," Charlie added, grinning. "The rest of the team from the reserve will be heading back with the dragon later today and sometime tomorrow authorities will be taking care of transferring the thief between here and the Romanian Ministry. So I am free to stay here." "So back to the issue at hand, or rather now, the non-issue at hand. Charlie and I will be more than happy to take you tomorrow night and I should have a new lead for you by the end of the week." Hermione looked at Bill questioningly. "What about Fleur?" "What about her?" He raised his left hand, showing a bare ring finger. "We're no longer together. Haven't been for nearly two years. Actually, I'm back out in the field in Egypt again." "Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't know that. Seems Harry and Ron forgot to mention that little bit of information." "Don't be. Once things started to settle down after the war, we started to realise that we were not as compatible as a couple as we had originally thought. I think a lot of it had to do with the adrenaline of the war." Charlie rolled his eyes. "Dearest Fleur also realised that she wasn't ready for children." Bill groaned. "How many times do I have to tell you, neither of us were ready for children at the time." He turned to look at Hermione. "It seems that my family was under the impression that I wanted children and she didn't because she didn't want to lose her figure. It's a bunch of bullshite and this twit knows it. With all that had happened, I recognised I wasn't ready and that even if I was, I realised that Fleur really wasn't the witch for me." Charlie snickered. "That's because your wolf didn't want her, not that I blame him. There are," he looked at Hermione, a slow grin spreading across his lips, "prettier fish in the sea." It was Hermione's turn to roll her eyes, a light blush stealing across her cheeks. "I know you're not talking about me." Charlie raised an eyebrow. "There's this saying I once heard from a fellow keeper who was Muggleborn, 'beauty is in the eye of the beholder'." Hermione bowed her head. "Then you both have low standards for what is beautiful." A crooked finger under her chin forced her to look at Bill. "Stop that right now. You are one of the most beautiful women I've ever met, both inside and out, and if anyone says anything to the contrary let me know and I'll gladly show them what they're missing out on." "We'd both be happy to." Fingers carded through her long, curly hair, catching slightly on a knot near the end. "Now, as Bill said earlier, we're taking you tomorrow night and you no longer have a say in the matter." Hermione opened her mouth to counter Charlie's comment but was silenced by a gentle thumb pressing against her lips. "We'll see you tomorrow evening." And with that, both wizards disappeared out of her office, the door quietly clicking shut behind them. Hermione's gaze travelled from the closed door to the parchment still sitting silently on her desk. A smirk inched its way across her features. Maybe tomorrow evening wouldn't be so bad after all. 6 December 2000, Perth, Western Australia, Australia "Do you know where they went?" Hermione was nearly bouncing on the balls of her feet she was so excited. Over the past month, Hermione, along with Bill and Charlie, both of whom had taken an extended leave of absence from their respective jobs, had been hot on the trail of Bill's lead. Bill refused to disclose where his tip came from, but at this point, if it led to