I do not own any of Tolkiens Charecters or Middle earth. Dinera Chapter 1 The silence begins Dinera was an elf who loved by herself in the woods surrounding Lothlorien. There were only two who knew of her existence. They were the Lord and Lady of the Woods. They only knew of her existence by accidentally running into her one day while wondering through the Woods. Dinera was a special elf though. She had the ability to play the sweetest tunes on her flute and was able to tame the wildest animals. She could also travel through the forest without even the Galadrium seeing or hearing her, all of them but one. He became the third elf aware of her existence. He helped her learn new skills, such as swordsmanship and archery. Dinera's story begins two thousand years ago. She was training with her family when she was at the mere age of two hundred. After trading with a group from Gondor, the family traveled towards Rivendell near the forest of Lothlorien. It was there that they were attacked by a band of orcs. Dinera's parents hid her beneath some low bushes but she was still able to see the battle. Her father used his twin knives to fight them back. Her mother used a short sword while her brother used his bow and arrows. No matter how hard they fought it did no good, the orcs kept coming. Dinera saw first her brother fall from being stabbed in the back; her mother was next with an arrow striking her in the side, and worst of all her father. He continued to fight with even more anger after seeing his family fall, but it did him no good. First one orc chopped one hand off then the other. Next he was stabbed through his stomach with a broad sword, and finally decapitated by a third orc. She witnessed all of this carnage, but one thing kept playing in her mind, the last words of her parents to her, "No matter what happens, stay still an d be absolutely silent, and always remember, we will always love you." "I love you, too, Ada and Atara." These were the best words she ever said to anyone. Dinera has continued to obey her parents command since that day. Chapter 2 Being found It was three days later though that Lady Galadriel came upon her, still looking over the bodies of her family. Ready to defend the last thing she had of them. Galadriel convinced her to return to the palace with her after helping her to bury the family she lost. That is where Dinera received her name for she refused to speak or even be seen. If any others were around other than Celeborn or Galadriel she would hide, so none knew of her. Dinera lived with Celeborn and Galadriel for a few years before she disappeared. For centuries she would only reappear every other winter. Dinera had truly become one with the forest and the spirits of the mallorn trees. She would depend on fishing, hunting, and gathering herbs and berries in order to survive. It was one winter though, which she decided to visit Galadriel and Celeborn. The young ellith had managed to slip past all of the citizens and guardians of Lothlorien to climb the great staircase. While climbing she had not noticed a guardian descending the stairs; when she finally noticed him it was too late. The elf saw her and tried to find out about her. When she did not respond to anything he said he chose to follow her to see where she went. The ellith emerged into the Lord and Lady's private sitting room. This was the guardian's chance. Stepping into the after he addressed the royal couple. "My Lord and Lady, please excuse my intrusion, but this ellith just came barging in without an explanation. I will remove her immediately." "Haldir, no! This is Dinera. She is always welcome here." "My apologies then M'lady," Haldir said while bowing slightly to Dinera. He turned to leave but was stopped by Celeborn. "You must now promise to keep her presence here a secret for all time." Celeborn commanded. "But why? You said yourself she is always welcome." "She is, but Dinera wishes it to be this way. No one must ever know of her until she reveals herself." Galadriel said. "I understand." It was then that Haldir became a trusted friend of Dinera's. Chapter 3 Getting to know each other That winter Haldir and Dinera would meet to spar. After one hard session Haldir noticed the make of her weapons. They were like nothing he had ever seen before. He asked "Dinera, where did you find such exquisite weapons?" there was no response. "Why do you never speak to me? I thought you had grown to trust me." "She does not speak to anyone, Haldir." The soft voice of Galadriel said in return. "Dinera, here, has not spoken or made a sound since her parent's death, not even to myself or Celeborn." "How do you communicate then?" Dinera began to move her arm and hands in simple patterns. While she did this Galadriel said, "Dinera talks with her hands and face. As you see her move her arms, she is actually giving signals which mean different things. Right now she says, 'Haldir, if you would like to learn to speak with me, I will teach you.'" "Yes, I do want to learn." Haldir responded eagerly. Over the next few months Haldir and Dinera spent most of their time learning to talk to each other. When spring came around though Dinera left as silently as she had appeared. Haldir went looking for her but never found her. It took him till the middle of summer to even find a sign of her. It happened to be while he was out hunting. Haldir heard a strange bird song. As he followed it to the source, he caught a glimpse of light chestnut hair. Haldir knew of only one person with that color hair. 'It has to be Dinera. How many could there be that have hair like that,' Haldir thought. He chose to climb a nearby tree to get a better look at her. Unfortunately Dinera heard him before he was close enough to see her and she ran to avoid him. It was another few months again till Galadriel, Celeborn, or even Haldir saw a sign of her. It was years later though that she chose to appear to them. Chapter 4 The journey begins About ten years had passed since the three elves saw her. Dinera chose at this time to reappear because of something she had seen. She noticed the animals becoming more restless, the trees were speaking of evil things, and more orcs were appearing. Dinera first went to Haldir, hoping he would have answers, but he could not help her. She then went to Galadriel who said, "The times are changing. Evil is once again growing strong. For the answers you seek though, Dinera, you must go to Imladris. Lord Elrond alone can answer your questions." Understanding what she had to do, Dinera left the woods of Lothlorien, her home for over a millennium, for the secluded valley known as Rivendell. Lord Celeborn saw her leave and only said, "She has gone to meet her destiny. Elbereth, protect her on her journey." It took Dinera about a month to reach the other side of the Misty Mountains. She managed to sneak into the borders of Imladris without a single human or elf seeing her. She found her way to the Last Homely House. When inside she tried to find her way to Elrond's study. Dinera found the library. She climbed the outer wall to the balcony. She remained hidden until she was sure the elf she saw was actually Elrond Peredhil. The chestnut haired elf maiden revealed herself to the Elf Lord. Elrond turned startled by the sudden footsteps he heard. He came face to face with a fully armed elf maiden. The one thing he recognized of her was the white feathers of her arrows. 'She must be from Lothlorien, but why did she sneak into the library?' Elrond thought to himself. "Who are you and what business do you have here!?" he demanded with a stern look in his eye. He wore a mask of complete control but inside his mind complete confusion reigned. The ellith did not answer him, so he posed the question to her again. She stepped forward without hesitation reaching into tunic for something. Dinera did not know what to make of this elf Lord. He seemed as if he was in control of himself, but she sensed uncertainty in him. When she heard the question posed to her again, she stepped forward and produced a sealed letter. The letter carried the seal of Celeborn and Galadriel. Elrond expected the letter with apprehension, reading it he discovered his answers and more. Elrond, The elf maiden before you is Dinera. She has been given the name because of her stealth, and her refusal or inability to speak. She does not associate with many. Please answer her questions. Teach her all she needs to know. Dinera is precious to us. Do not let any harm come to her. And above all do not reveal her to any unless she chooses to do so. Her destiny now leads her to you, and the One Ring. May Elbereth watch over you both, and all connected to both your paths. Galadriel, Lady of Lothlorien Elrond set the letter down and returned his focus to Dinera. "So Dinera is your name, and you have come seeking answers." She nodded her head in acknowledgment. "Well, where shall we begin?" Looking about Dinera spotted pen and paper. Using them she wrote. "Tell me why the trees speak of evil coming and orcs are growing in number." "Have you heard of Sauron and the One Ring?" Dinera nodded. "Well Sauron is growing strong once again, and the One Ring found. Sauron's forces are trying to reclaim it. If you wish to learn more than stay and attend the council." "I shall stay and attend the council, but do not save a place for me. You shall not see or hear me again unless I wish to speak to you again, Lord Elrond." Dinera wrote in response. "Very well, a room will be at your disposal should you choose to use it as well." Elrond said, but before he was done Dinera disappeared as quickly as she had appeared." Chapter 5 Council of Elrond Dinera did attend the council, nut within the bows of a tree rather than within the council circle. She watched and listened to everything that happened. When a fight broke out among the members of the council, she saw a small figure still sitting, cringing at something he saw. Dinera looked towards the ring and saw nothing, but she did hear a dark voice say, "They are already becoming mine. You are already mine. Do not fight it and bring me the Ring. They are doomed anyway." At that the small man stood and said, "I will take it the ring." Then louder, "I will take the ring. Though I do not know the way." An old man dressed in grey went over to him and said, "I will carry this burden with you Frodo Baggins." Dinera then saw a man, an elf, a dwarf, and three men like the first and finally a bronzed hair man step forward to help the first. 'So it shall be Frodo, Aragorn, Legolas, Gimli, I believe, and Boromir on this quest, but the others I do not know. It shall be most interesting. I think I will tag along for the fun of it.' She thought. Do the nine were chosen with a shadow they did not know about yet. Later that evening Dinera left a