Summary: The two were supposed to be kept separate, more so than Thalia and Jason. When Percy and his twin sister, Meredith, were together, and they argued, bad stuff would happen—tidal waves, explosions, things like that. But then one day, they run into each other, and their lives turn 360 degrees. Pairings to be decided. This will be an AU where Percy and Annabeth don't get together, but I might make it happen at a later time. Camp Jupiter "Praetor, what of the progress that has been made with my request?" Meredith asked, slipping into Reyna's office. "I asked a month ago." The praetor turned to the daughter of Neptune, looking slightly confused. "What request?" Meredith stared at Reyna incredulously. "I asked if you could send someone to New York, to see if I could contact my mother." "Did you ask me first, or was it Jason?" the daughter of Bellona inquired, looking at a paper on her desk. "Jason," replied the senior centurion. "You know, you kind of remind me of this guy I met," Reyna said. Meredith looked curiously at the older girl. "What's his name?" "Percy. Percy Jackson," she announced, throwing down her paper. Meredith silently gasped. "He destroyed my home in the Sea of Monsters, three years ago. I had to train with pirates afterwards." "I-I think I need to go." Meredith quickly stood and walked out the door, and out of the house. Once she reached the outside, she took a deep breath. "This can't be," she muttered, shaking her head. "I have a sibling out there. I have a brother. I need to find my mother." Her father had told her Percy had died. Neptune had said he was killed by the Minotaur before he could make it to camp. "He was able to kill most of the empousai, and Dracaenae," Neptune had said, looking down so Meredith couldn't read his face, "but the Minotaur had killed him when he was running." ∆—∆ Camp Half-Blood Percy rushed to the dining pavilion. He hadn't eaten in days; that's what it seemed like anyways. The Titan War was tiring, and it drained him. What was weirdest about it is, for some reason, he felt a rush of power come into his body, like when a blessing, or spell, is in effect. Say when he was turned into a guinea pig, he felt something wash over him, like something was trying to fight it, and then he was shrinking. It seemed way different than the water powers he had. It seemed like this new power and the water powers were counteracting each other, an endless battle taking place—and that would have to be fire. But it didn't seem like only that. He could tell which branch of family he came from. He could tell who a person was the child of by just looking at them. And it seemed to go double time. Whatever it was, it was random, as if it was important. When he closed his eyes, and he thought of it, there was a family tree—his mortal one, and his godly one. Where his mortal one and his godly one connected was, it showed a question mark beside him, as if he had a sibling he didn't know about. His twin sister had died, for what he knows. His mom wasn't pregnant as of late, so he didn't understand; his father couldn't have kids either, because he was man, obviously. He was missing something, something important. He sat down, and the nymphs came around, serving pizza and french fries. He stood and scraped a portion in the fire. To Dad, he thought, I need some help. He sat back down and looked toward Chiron, who looked slightly nervous, even though the war was over. He looked toward his plate and quickly ate. Once he was finished, he left the pavilion and went to the beach. Percy looked out to sea, and a wave of calm washed over him. He looked down, and was surprised a little. Standing on the beach was his father, wearing his usual Hawaiian shirt and Bermuda shorts, and the goddess Hera, who was wearing casual clothes. The two seemed to be in a heated debate, with Poseidon glaring at Hera. She threw her hands up, and said, "You owed me, Poseidon. It's not my fault it didn't take effect until now." Poseidon sighed. "Then, pray tell, why didn't either if you give them a full blessing?" Them, Percy noted. He must have another demigod child. He wasn't jealous, or sad, or anything; he was happy, "I…" She was tongue-tied for a second. "Zeus would have killed them if they did." Percy decided to make his presence known. "Hey, Dad, Hera." He nodded to the goddess, but it wasn't in respect, just acknowledgement. "Hey, my son," Poseidon greeted, smiling at the demigod. "I've come to your"—he glanced at his sister—"and, apparently, my sister has too, somehow." She tilted her head, and looked at the god of the seas. "I sensed you coming here, so I decided to do so too. I wanted to make up with my child anyways." Hera said the last part quietly, but it rang through Percy's ears like a bell at his ears. " Child? " he said, looking beyond shocked. " I am your child? " He looked toward his father with a look that said Did she just say that? , to which Poseidon nodded. "She adopted you when you were a baby, and—" he started. Hera cleared her throat. "Are you going to forget about the other part?" The Earthshaker glared at the goddess of marriage. "Why don't you tell him, since you interrupt so much." He disappeared in sea mist, leaving Percy with Hera. An awkward silence enveloped them. And then Percy spoke up. "Why didn't you tell me?" he asked softly, scrutinizing her face. "That you were my mom, I mean." She sighed. "Poseidon told me not too," she told him, staring out at the distance. "That day in the Labyrinth, I was only mad at you because you were my child and you had disrespected me…. And for that, I'm sorry." He was silent for awhile, increasing the dread she had for what he would say. "I-I forgive you," he stated, smiling. A small smile graced Hera's lips, and her lips twitched a bit. "And, since you're the goddess of familial love, could you tell me why there is a question mark beside me in my family tree?" "That… that would be better if you saw for yourself." She placed a hand on his shoulder, and they disappeared in a flash of light. They were now in front of an apartment, his mom and Paul's apartment. Hera knocked on the door, and the two heard some shuffling. "Who is it?" came the voice of Sally Jackson. She sounded a little happy, but sad at the same time. "Percy." She swung the door and instantly pulled him into a hug. "Come, come." She was happy now, with no sadness. She pulled away and then noticed Hera. "Who're you?" She paused. "Oh, wait. You're Hera, aren't you?" Percy looked between the two. "You know each other?" "Yeah," Hera said, "we do. I was at her cousin's wedding, as I do every wedding, and she saw me. We talked, and then I told her who I was, informed her of what Poseidon and I had done, and we kind of hit it off from there." "What did we come here for again?" Percy asked, glancing at the goddess. "Family." "Oh!" Sally said, pulling Hera and her son. "Sit for a moment, you'll see in a moment." And, not missing a beat, a woman came out from the bathroom. "Mom!" she called loudly. "Where's the tissue? We ran out!" "In the closet by the bathroom, sweetie," Sally replied, chuckling. From beside Percy, Hera tapped him on the shoulder. " That's why we came." The woman came down the hall, into the kitchen, and picked up an apple. "Mom, so I came here from camp, and my friends said"—she washed her apple off in the sink—"they wanted to meet you, right? And I was like, 'You'll have to come to New York for that,' and then they"—she took a bite of the fruit—"got mad, saying you seemed like the best mother ever—which you are—and that they couldn't leave. So, I wanted to ask if you could come to camp with me?" Sally motioned for Percy and Hera to stay silent. "I might, if I'm allowed, but I think there's something else too, Meredith." Meredith nodded, looking up from her apple, still not noticing the other two. "Okay, so, I talked with the Praetor of the Twelfth Legion, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, my best friend. I had asked for a favor from the other praetor, Jason Grace—" Percy gasped, making the girl freeze and drop her apple. He covered his mouth with his hands. She peered into the room. He could finally get a clear sight of her. She looked like him, but more feminine, and she was slightly shorter. She looked to be about 6'1". She had a lithe form and she was lean, She was a very ambitious person but she was modest. When she was on the battlefield, she was a demon, and she was the most skilled fighter that they've had in New Rome for the past millennium. When she went on quests, like when she had to the sword she wields, she was diligent and courageous. "Percy?" she said, not believing he was there. He just nodded. Meredith ran to him and crushed him in a hug. Percy hugged her just as firmly. Tears were running down her cheeks. "Dad told me you were dead. I thought you were dead." She sobbed in his shoulder. "Where were you? Why didn't you make it to camp?" "Dad told me you were dead. He had told me you ran away, just disappeared. I did make it to camp. I looked for you, and I couldn't find you anywhere," Percy announced, managing to keep his tears at bay. Hera smiled sadly. "I hate to ruin the moment," she said, her eyes flickering from demigod to demigoddess, "but there is something important I must tell you." "Us gods have two aspects," she started. "For me, it is Hera and Juno; for your father, it is Poseidon and Neptune; but some gods don't have two aspects, such as Apollo. We have kept the Romans and Greeks separate for millennia, but they found out about each other when we first came to America, in 1860. They prayed for our help, but we couldn't do anything because we were schizophrenic, because our personalities were fighting each other, voting for one side. I, for one, was not affected, because marriage stays the same, whether it be throwing an apple at someone"—she gave Percy a meaningful look—"or proposing to them. It doesn't change, only the way it is done." She sighed, and caught her breath. "There are two camps for each type of demigod. Camp Jupiter for Romans, and Camp Half-Blood for Greeks. You two are both Greek and Roman, but it is kind of one-sided with who has more of which. We had to split you up, because when you are together and you are angry bad things happen." Sally yawned, and her smile faltered a bit, remembering what had happened. Hera gave her children a sideways look. "Based on the half Greek half Roman blood in both of you, we placed you where you would most likely fit in best. We knew Meredith would be able to lead the Romans through war while Percy lead Greeks. I personally was going to have you meet within the year, but Poseidon delayed it, saying we needed to wait until the time was right—something like that," the goddess of familial love finished, a genuine smile on her face. "Oh, and I have something