Chapter I: New Threat, Already? I opened my eyes slowly. I felt… powerless. Well, not powerless , but less than I was normally. I felt pain all over me, like I had fell off of a skyscraper. Of course I would have died from that if I was a mortal, so my father must have made me mortal when I reached the ground. I was nearby a forest. It was pretty sunny out, and it cast a glow on the ground and leaves. It was kind of chilly, though. It must've been fall. Last I remember was that it was Summer, after the Second Gigantomachy. When I was a goddess I was resistant to pain, but my lesser body made it harder to do that. I reached into my pocket, and I felt something inside. I wrapped my hand around a spherical object, and I slowly pulled it out. Paper was wrapped around it, and I slowly pulled it off. There was a cerulean pearl, and I have to admit that it looked beautiful. I noticed a bit of writing on the paper, and I discerned some Greek and Latin. The Greek read: Hello, Artemis, dear. I am sorry for all the misfortunes that I have caused you and your family. I'm not saying I deserve an apology— And it ended, just like that. It continues in the Latin writing. — because I caused you a lot of trouble, but I will help you. I will not tell you my name yet, but you will find out soon. I am sorry for the false murder allegation. I didn't know who that was, because honestly, many people have caused trouble to my family. I would have to wait until they revealed their identity. I stood up slowly. When I started to read the letter, my pain had subsided. The "mysterious" writer of that letter must have helped me with that. They did not explain what this pearl was for, though. I started walking forward, and it seemed like I was compelled to do it. I saw a giant tree, larger than the rest. A red dragon walked around it, and golden wool lay on one branch. A boy leaned against the tree, and he seemed to be waiting for someone. I couldn't see his eyes, but I knew that he had shaggy, jet black hair. He wore an orange shirt with a blue jacket over it, and he wore blue jean shorts. "Hi," I said, putting a calm façade. I was really disgusted by being this close proximity to a male, that hadn't changed. If I had to be close to one male, though, that would be Percy Jackson. I wouldn't admit this to anyone—other than Aphrodite and Athena, we're all good friends—but I had a small crush on him. He turned around, a forced smile on his face. He had bright sea green eyes, and his smile definitely did not meet them. "Hey," he greeted, and I instantly knew this was him. It was like something clicked in my mind, or my heart, and I automatically knew. "Are you a new camper?" I definitely wasn't one of those boring , snobbish campers. Why would he think that? I almost snorted. But it would be likely of that thought coming to mind when I—or anyone, for that matter—just walked into the camp. "No," I said, and I left it at that. I didn't say anything else about that. Ask him to claim your services, a voice said in my head. It wasn't Diana, I knew that much. I'd like to say we were in the same body, as we were for approximately three thousand years; but we weren't. For all I knew, she could be leading the Hunt right now. And why would she even tell me to do that? She hated men even more than I did. "Can you say this for me please: 'I claim your services?'" I did not say that on my own accord. I wanted a maiden to claim my services, not a male. I respect the boy, but that does not mean that I want him to claim my services. "Uh, okay," he said, sounding slightly uncomfortable. I was uncomfortable, too. Who knew what he would do to me? He could do anything he wanted and I would have to obey. I had a reputation to keep, but I couldn't possibly keep if I had a male as the claimer. And then he said the words. "I… claim your services." He sounded slightly unsure, and it was a first for a male. No man could resist me, that was why I killed so many, had them killed by other animals, or had them hunted by my handmaidens. A golden glow surrounded his hands, and there was a moon imprint on it. That didn't happen for Apollo! What is going on? Someone had to be setting me up for this. A person came running down the hill toward us. The person was female. She had short, curly blond hair, stormy gray eyes that glinted slightly in the sunlight, and a radiant smile. She wore an orange Camp Half-Blood shirt, a beaded necklace with eleven beads on it, and khaki pants. She carried a cell phone in her hand, which I thought was stupid, considering she was a demigod. This was Annabeth Chase. The moon imprint on Percy's hand disappeared. I was thankful for that; I didn't want my symbol on anyone's hand—especially a man. Only people important to me. "Ready, Percy?" she inquired, pocketing the electrical object. Her eyes flicked toward me. She looked into my eyes, and she immediately bowed. I felt oddly pleased, even in this mortal body, that she had bowed to me. I looked at the son of Poseidon, and he looked slightly confused. I looked into his eyes, and recognition shown in his as he looked into mine. He didn't bow like I thought he would, and if anything, he was pretty indifferent about my presence. "Lady Artemis," Annabeth greeted, standing back up straight. She picked up a backpack that was beside the tree, and she hefted it upon her shoulders. "What are you doing at camp, without the Hunt?" I looked up at the sky, and I heaved a short, sad sigh. "My father," I began, closing my eyes. I still had my hand wrapped around the pearl. I opened my hand and held the pearl toward the sky. Cracks spread throughout it, and light seeped through it. "He turned me mortal, just for a framed murder. A few gods and goddesses disappeared, and it seemed to be perfectly timed for what had occurred. The other Olympians probably do not know, because when I had found out, I had fled; he found me recently, and it was an indefinite time that I ran. I truly do not know how long it was." By the end of it I was in tears. Most of the time I did not cry, but now I really didn't care. I held in so much stress, so much pain, so much sadness, and I never let it out. I just wanted to release, I wanted this to be over already. I was with my Hunt when it happened, and Zeus had auto-assumed it was me. There was no evidence at all. I didn't notice until eight minutes later that Annabeth was hugging me, saying comforting words. That hadn't happened much before, and it felt nice to know that I had someone with me. I wiped my tears away and Annabeth pulled back from the embrace. She gave me a sad smile. The son of Poseidon had a comforting hand on my shoulder. I didn't hate it; but at the same time, I didn't love it. I had to keep my distance, but I couldn't with this stupid claiming. I held nothing in my hand, so the pearl must have slipped out of my hand when I broke down. It most likely rolled down the hill, toward where I had come from. With the amount of cracks that it had gotten, it would break if it fell off something at least five feet of the ground. I broke away from the two and ran down the hill. Wherever it had went, I would find it. I just hoped it wouldn't crack to the point that there was no pearl. I was barely aware of my surroundings or the other two running after me. I saw a silver light at the bottom of the hill. It glowed slightly, and there was a silver bow, imprinted with the words Love of the Sea . I had gotten the bow a long time ago, but I don't remember how… I sprinted toward the pearl, and it was cracking even further. One piece was pretty much broken, with little space before it broke off. I picked it up, but my new body's clumsiness—it wasn't me, at least not necessarily—made me drop it. The pearl fell, and the pieces flew everywhere. Each of them flew up into the air and they flew in a circle. They flew up even further, and they completely vanished. "Oh, my gods," Annabeth said, and I looked at her. She looked shocked beyond belief, and she seemed a bit frozen. Her hand went toward her sheath on the side of her pants. "What is it, Annabeth?" Percy asked. He reached inside of his pocket, and, if I remember correctly, he was getting a ballpoint pen. It would turn into his sword that my former lieutenant once gave to the god Heracles. "P—" She gulped, and she fully unsheathed her sword. She held it in a defensive position, so that meant she was expecting a battle. By the way her eyes were dark, she was extremely nervous and apprehensive. They were the exact same as Athena's. "Percy, I'm scared." It took a lot to have a child of Athena—or even Athena herself—to admit that. I looked down the hill in trepidation. "Artemis," the son of Poseidon said, and I looked toward him. He had a shield on his left arm, and it was emblazoned with a blue trident on the bronze metal. "If you see a horde of monsters, blow the horn on Thalia's tree." I didn't like taking orders from anyone. I didn't like it from my father, brother, uncles, anyone. But for my uncles and father, I had to listen. I glared at him. "I do not take orders from you, boy." To my dissatisfaction, he didn't flinch. "Apparently you do," said Wisdom's daughter. My body was moving toward my lieutenant's tree. My bow was still with me, but it was on my back. I tried to take control of myself. Tried . My own body would not listen to me. I stood by Thalia's tree, gazing through the forest, and I held the horn in my hand. The trees rustled in the wind, and I could imagine Zeus laughing at me. He knew I didn't take orders well, and then he makes me have to take orders. I saw a girl run through the trees, coming toward us. She had sea green eyes that were filled with terror, long jet black hair that was unruly, a grimace on her face. I felt a connection toward her, but I knew that it wasn't through maidenhood or by my Hunt. Behind her, a tree flew up in the air. I'd seen this happen multiple times; this was the Minotaur. But only that wouldn't make a child of Athena scared. This was something worse with it. The man-bull came into the area we were in. I looked at Percy, who shook his head. The Minotaur slowed down, and the shadows gathered around him. They made human-like figures. They were undefinable as a gender. Two shadow stuck out from the others. They were walking while the others were stationary. I noticed that their gender could be deciphered. One