This prologue part really did become long x.x it got detailed as I got more involved with it. Sorry. I got carried away, but here it is. i decided to mix this story up more than normal ... it will not be as close to the other Chaos Stories as i originally planned... i hope you all like it. And i am planning for this story to have a sequel if im up to it by the time that the time comes. :) by the way, i finished the Lost Hero over the weekend and I'm now working of the Son of Neptune... ima take a day off electronics sometime this week and read it... WARNING: THIS CHAPTER HAS SOME GRUESOME VIOLENCE AND ABUSE. DONT SAY THAT I DIDNT WARN YA. -ninja Percy's POV (12 years old) "Worthless" Punch "Failure" Kick "Mistake" Another punch. "Weakling" Thrown to the wall and a wine bottle is thrown at my head. Hey there. I know that you are probably wondering what the hell is going on and well it's not pretty. You see apparently everything I do is wrong and I can never do anything right as I am told, me also being selfish. So selfish, in fact, that I took my mother's life as I came out from the car crash five years ago. At least that's what I am told. Anyway, now that you know why I am bleeding out my soul, let's continue shall we. "It should have been you and not Sally!" He yells in my face. I know that, Dad, I know. His spit gets all over my face, as he continues to yell the truth to me over and over again while punching me all over. "Hey piece of shit, here is some money go get my beer, my friends and I are playing tonight so be quick about it." He told me with a sneer, like he thought of me as a piece of chewed gum on the bottom of his shoe and gave threw the money at me. "I'm a minor they will never sell anything to me" I mumble. "WHAT WAS THAT BOY?" he roared, irritated. "n-nothing" I whisper, scared out of my mind. "That's what I thought, freak" he says with a mischievous smile on his face, which is never good. He slaps me then throws me out the door. Literally. Wincing as I landed on my bruised butt, I stand up and try to walk to the store as normal and limp free as possible. I think that I have glass imbedded in my back… oh well I can pick it out later, I got to get the alcohol or I'll never hear the end of it. I make it to the store, where I know they sell alcohol and cigarettes. Hopefully I can get them. If not… I shivered at the thought of what will happen if I don't get them. The last time that happened, he… I swallow the lump in my throat and look up to see that I am already at the store. Opening the door, the bell to signal that a new costumer rang and I walked inside. Immediately, a worker there looked up and smiled, then they walked over to me. This worker was a teenage boy that looks to be between the ages of 17 and 19. He has straight dirty blond hair that goes just past his ear. His bangs cover part of his face like a fringe and he has bright blue eyes. He looks to be about 5 ft 11 inches. "Hello there. What are you here for young one?" he asks me warmly. I try not to relax, knowing what might come. "I am here to get alcohol and cigars please, it's for my dad." I tell him as politely as possible. His face contorts to confusion then sympathy. "Sorry kid I can't sell that stuff to you. Tell your dad to come get it himself… unless you have some sort of I.D. of him this time…" he says the last part as he recognizes me. Probably from the last time I came here. I shiver from the thought of what happened. I frowned at first, but it turned into a small real smile as I remember stealing my dad's ID last night just in case. "I do mister, its right here." I say relieved that I have it, and I gave the ID to him. He took the ID and took one look at it then understood immediately why I am so frightened as the realization showed on his face. "You're his kid? Dang. Ok I'll give you some. How much money do you have on ya kid?" he says with a little concern in his voice which is odd. They've NEVER shown ANY sympathy to me at all throughout the years of me coming here. What has dad done that's so bad, besides play poker? I look down at my shoes in embarrassment. "Unfortunately, yes. And I have about $20 that he thr—gave me before I left." Aw crap. I almost gave my abuse away. Shit. Shit shit . Hopefully he didn't notice. He gave me a calculating look before his face cleared back to a comforting emotion and he went in the back room. When he came back he was holding about five bottles of beer and about ten packs of cigars. My jaw dropped. "I-I d-don't think I h-have enough for that s-sir." I stutter in disbelief. All he did was smile. "Trust me kid, you're going to need to give him this much to satisfy him. The stuff that makes the payment more than the money you gave me will be on me." he told me. "Mister, I've wanted to ask. How do you know my dad?" I asked him innocently. He tensed. "I don't think that you would want to know that, kid. By the way what's your name?" he told me stiffly then as he asked the question his tone relaxed slightly. This made me confused. "I'm not allowed to tell strangers my name, sir. Dad's rules." I tell him, looking down remembering the last time I told someone my name. That was not pleasant. His eyes softened. " ok, I understand, but if you ever need ANYTHING I live next door to ya on the right hand side from your house and work here so now you know where to find me," he moved his head closer so he can whisper, " especially if you need to hide from someone, I'll cover for ya." He moved back into his original position and looked at me warmly. My eyes widen a fraction. How the heck does he know? Why does he care? Or is it the bullies? Can I trust him? Is it a trap? Nahh I feel like I can trust this guy. I like his hair. I nod at him, the trust feeling growing. "O-ok sir. Thank you for the stuff. I need to go now though." I say quietly. He nods and tells me, "Alright kid, be safe. Remember about the offer." He says ruffling up my hair like a big brother would do to his younger siblings. Man I wish I had older siblings I walk out of the store making the bell go off again and I could have sworn that when I turned around to leave, the guy's smile turned into a frown, like he was thinking about something serious. I shake my head to stop thinking about what could've made him do that and walked down the street. On the way home, I was careful to hide the alcohol and cigars so that people wouldn't hit or chase me or something even worse. Trust me that has happened before. The cigars were in my pockets and the beer was put into a brown bag that I am carrying to the house in case you guys were wondering. Ok. So after a about ten minutes I make it to the front door to my 'home' and sigh. Opening the door, I walk in slowly, not announcing that I am home and put the bad stuff on the table before silently walking to my room. Not quiet enough. "PERSEUS, GET YOUR ASS BACK HERE BOY! I KNOW YOU'RE HOME." I hear Dad's voice yell out and I groan at what might be coming. I drag myself back into the living room where his voice came from and where I put the 'stuff'. "You called?" I asked him. "yeah I fucking called you boy. HOW THE HELL DID YOU GET THIS MUCH WITH $20?" he asked me with venom in his voice. I gulped. Dang it! What to say. What to say. Aha! "W-well I guess people recognized me as your son so they wanted to give you these." I stuttered, making it sound believable. Big mistake. He smirked. "Scared, boy? You better be. What did I say about talking to strangers?" he voice was cackling in triumph as he finally got an excuse to use his favorite punching bag today. He cracked his knuckles and came towards me, while at the same time; I was backing up closer and closer to the wall behind me. It was closing in fast and the closer the wall came the more helpless I felt. The look in his eyes was slightly crazier than normal. It was almost like he drank more today than normal. Maybe. I don't like that look. Not one bit. "You need to be taught another lesson Perseus as it seems this morning's lesson didn't affect you." He taunted. My face probably showed a mixture of emotions ranging from sad and frightened to pain and anger. Mostly fright though. He starts with a strong punch to my gut which makes me hunch over, a sharp pain engulfs me. He boxer punches my head down to the floor making blood dribble out of my mouth. Then seeing the blood, he smirks and throws me to the wall on the opposite of the room, before taking out a beer bottle from the table and takes a swig of it then getting a mischievous look in his eyes. I gulp nervously and clench my eyes tightly, feeling the glass from the bottle break into my skin and tear my clothes on impact, letting the beer burn the open wounds that littered my body. I bite my lip to prevent myself from screaming out and giving him the satisfaction of hearing my pain. Opening my right eye slightly, I can make out the blurry form of Dad and see that he is smirking and realized that tears are falling down my face. Shit. "aww is the wittle baby cwying boo-hoo." He taunts them smacks my bleeding cheek, making it sting and I wince. He raises his fist once more and I close my eyes again not wanting to see it and knowing that I might die. ' Especially if you need to hide from someone, I'll cover for ya' the stranger from earlier's voice rings in my head. Should i? I mean he did say anything… no I won't be a nuisance I won't be bothersome by being a burden. He was just being nice. I decide then that I will die by the hands of my father and so I made some prayers that wont be answered Let alone heard. Whoever is out there, please torture Dad when I am gone. If I have some sort of other family who isn't like dad, then please protect them and don't let them come here. Please if you can, let me escape this place whether in death or life. I sigh. That's all I can do I guess. My breathing slows down and I relax knowing I cant do anything. His fist makes a swoosh sound as it come towards my head again, which would cause it to break, thus killing me. I wait