Author's Note: Hello Everyone! It has been a while since I have written fanfiction, but I'm back! I hope to continue my old stories, as well as write some new ones. I am currently away at college so I won't update this as much as I would like, but I wanted to get this story out there. It has been in the back of my mind for ages and I needed to get it out. I love The Hunger Games trilogy and especially the character, Madge. I was super sad and surprised by her death because I was not expecting that to happen. I thought that Gale and Madge were going to find that they weren't all that different with that class divide gone. I thought they were going to fall in love, get married, and make beautiful babies together! But of course, my hopes and dreams were dashed! Sad face. But after a while, I believe that I have found out why she "had to die," which I'll write a one shot for. Anywho, this story is rated M because of the violence , language , and sexual situations . I'm not sure how graphic I will get with the sex, seeing as I have not gotten there yet, but I will warn you before hand. I would say you may skip them if you are not comfortable, but some of the sex scenes may have important points in them. However, it is still to be determined. I've never been in a war. I do have a military base near me, so I have some knowledge, but that doesn't mean that I am an expert. I will try to keep situations somewhat accurate, but again, I am no expert. I'm just kind of going off of what I know and stuff from movies. Also, this is a war during the Panem era, so not everything will be the same. Sooo yea! All Hunger Games characters and places belong to the wonderful Suzanne Collins; you readers know which characters and situations. Others come from my mind place. Enjoy! 5 years after the creation of the New Government Chapter 1 It's not exactly a warm day as we wait impatiently at the meeting site. It's not really cold, but the new spring air doesn't help when the sun is hidden behind clouds. The troops are chattering and hopping up and down to keep warm and quell their nervous feet. I stand next to the General and Major waiting for the signal to go ahead and meet with the officers of the other force. We had been waiting there for almost an hour and the men were getting restless. I honestly didn't care either way, as long as we got shit done and won this battle. It's just another day on the job to me. The General starts to pace back and forth in irritation as the Major lights a cigarette. The General's face grows red with anger and his hands wouldn't stop twitching. "Would you stop?" Major Jennings says after taking a long puff of the cigarette. "What the hell is taking them so long?" General Barker seethes, completely ignoring Jennings. "They were ten miles behind us, General. It's going to take a bit," I reply evenly. "Ten miles means ten minutes Hawthorne. Not an hour. This is ridiculous. Why do we even have to wait for them? We can take care of this ourselves. They didn't have to send two units." "It's protocol when going into an unknown situation. A complete unit got captured, this isn't something that we can go into without precautions." "Protocol my ass," The General huffs, stopping abruptly and getting in my face. I feel the hair on the back of my neck stand up at his proximity and I stand to my full height of six foot four. General or not, no one gets in my face, I am prepared to fight if I have to. "We have the best of the best in our unit, Hawthorne, including you. And the dumbasses who got themselves captured were the worst and smallest of our units. They were just sent to check to make sure there were no bombs in this area. They aren't equipped with skill and men like we have. I'm sure the ones who captured them can easily be taken down by us. No need for the other unit." I clench my fists so hard I'm sure my knuckles are white. All I really want to do is slug this man in my face, but instead I use my height to my advantage and I tower over him. "Wait for the signal," I hiss. Just as General Barker goes to open his trap, I'm sure to say something useless, we hear mockingjays sing a familiar melody. It's deep and low, like a man's voice. We created the signal when a force of Peacekeepers reemerged to fight against the struggling new government. "Reapers," we call them, since they are no longer "keepers of the Peace." More like bringers of death and war. The few low notes ripple through the trees in a cacophony of sounds. Even slightly distorted we can tell that it's the signal. The notes were kept low because sometimes the mockingjays just sing random notes, which are always high. It's the only way that we know it's them. "Finally," the General says, walking away from me and towards the woods. Good, otherwise, I'd have punched his lights out. "Alright men! Move out! We're heading in!" Major Jennings and I are both on the same page as we say, "What?!" "You heard me," the general sniffs as he walks towards the Reaper camp and away from the meeting site. "Stop!" Major Jennings yells to the men as I jog over to General Barker, grab his shoulder, and forcefully turn him around. "Are you a fucking idiot?" "Don't talk that way to your superior Hawthorne. Just because you were in the war doesn't give you the right to treat us higher ranking officers like we're less than you. Remember that is what got you demoted, Colonel?" So I punched one freaking guy? He was in my face anyways. "Now I'm the man in charge and you're to listen to me. We are moving in, now. The other unit will figure it out and come soon after us." I'm about ready to punch Barker in the jaw, but instead I step back and let him go. He can get his ass killed. Like I give a crap. "Go ahead then, General," I spit out his title like it's a bad piece of meat. Barker glares at me, his brown eyes flashing, but turns and leads the troops. I follow behind, hands in my pockets, shoulders slumped. The old me would have been pissed and fought until I made him stay to meet up with the other unit, or at least distracted him until they came. But war changes you, it's hard to make me care about anything anymore. You kind of just stop caring. A bump on my left side makes me stumble for a second, but I quickly recover. My gray eyes narrow, but a smirk comes to my face at noticing who bumped into me. He turned away, pretending to be completely innocence, but I could know that dark blonde curly hair anywhere. "You looking for a fight Hadwin Coburn?" I lightheartedly threaten. He turns his head, green eyes wide in feigned shock, and points to himself. He then quickly shakes his head, but a stupid smile makes its way on his face. I rush over and put the kid in a headlock. "I give! I give!" he rasps as if he was being strangled. I let him go and we both laugh. "You causing trouble Hawthorne?" "Yup, you know me. Always causing trouble." "Seriously though man, what's happening? Why are we moving in already? Shouldn't we be waiting for the other unit?" I sigh and scratch the side of my jaw. My fingernails run over the long stubble that is growing longer each day, reminding me I really need to shave. "It's not my fault. I wanted to wait, but General Dipshit got his panties in a twist while waiting and pulled rank." I hear some sniggering around us, guys listening in on our conversation. "And I'll kill any of you dumbasses if the general gets even whiff of what I said." Some of the men look scared, like they should. Others just roll their eyes. I'll have to remind those boys who is boss next time I do training. "Well if I die because of him, I swear I'll haunt him in his sleep." "Oh yea? I heard he sleeps in the nude," I say before laughing. "Ew, man. Gross." He clearly doesn't think it's as funny as I do, which makes it funnier. I finish laughing as we find the road leading into the Reaper's camp. All of the men are quiet and dispersing. Some making their way across the road in small groups while others head towards the opening of the camp. I immediately shut off all emotions and jog up to the general. Jerk or not, I need to put our argument aside and be sure we are on the same page. Communication with all of the officers is essential so we can get out of this battle with as few losses as possible. "What's the plan General?" "I'll stay on this side. Major Jennings is already on the other side of the road, but I need you there too. A messenger who ran ahead says they have an electric fence around the camp. It's only a few small wires so as long as we severe the wires we can get through. I sent our electricians and bomb experts up ahead. Hopefully they can cut off the source and blow an opening for us. They also have watch towers so we need to be careful to not be seen. That means only move on my signal got it Hawthorne?" I nod. "Got it. What is the signal?" "When we blow a bloody opening, Colonel! Now get moving." I salute and wait with the last few men to get across the dirt road. When we deem it safe we run. I make it across first, but stay at the tree line to make sure we all get across. Once we all are I run along the wall of men and stop every once in a while to tell the men the information that Barker told me. I make it up to Jennings just as I see him sending the bomb expert on our side towards the edge of the forest to get closer to the electrified fence. "Just in time Hawthorne. You ready to head in?" "As ready as I'll ever be. We can't just cut the power supply to the fence? We can be more conspicuous that way and take them by surprise." "Not my idea. Just following orders." I huff at the general's need to get things done rather than to think things through. It's a trait I have, but at least I'm not stupid about it. Just as I think this, I hear a gunshot and see our bomb expert fall. "Shit! They already know we're here!" I yell as I run towards the fallen soldier. "Hawthorne-" Jennings yells from behind me, but the rest of his words are drowned out by the sound of an explosion on the other side of the road. At least their bomb was successful. I don't bother to look at the man on the ground, knowing he is already dead. Instead I look for the bomb he dropped. I see it near his feet, undetonated. Holy shit, yes! I grab the bomb and look for the switch to set it off, finding it on the side. My knowledge of bombs are sadly pretty advance so just by one glance I