THE FOURTH QUARTER QUELL PART 1 REAPINGS AND PRESIDENT ANNOUNCEMENT I stood in our front yard and pressed a button. Instantly the five red holographic figures holding swords, spears and bows materialized, controlled by the projectors attached to our house. My family lived in District One which meant we were wealthy and had enough to eat thanks to the so called Jenerosity of the capitol. The capitol forgets about the lower districts which ranges from poor to starving in the streets. People in district one jenerally loved the capitol, the ruling city over the nation of Panem. Each year though something happens that made me sick. The hunger games, a tradition where two tributes from each district are sent to fight to the death. The majority of the kids of district one including me went to a academy that teaches combat and hunger games skills on top of schoolwork so we can volunteer. I hate the capitol. I dont think I would have even joined the academy if I didn't want to be prepared to be in the hunger games. The red figures charged at me. I slashed a wave of arrows out of the sky with my sword, leaped over the figure with a spear so the spear killed the one with the arrows instead, and landed on the ground just in time to parry the swords of the other three. I jabbed, blocked, and hacked and in no time at all they where all defeated. I smiled, thinking about my excellent odds of winning if my name was drawn. "Jack"! My father cried from inside the house, "Stop practicing and come in here, the announcement is about to start"! "Coming", I said. I walked into the house and hung my sword on the wall. The presidential announcement. Every twenty five years a special hunger games called a Quarter Quell comes with a miserable twist for the tributes. The president announces what it will be the day before reaping day. After the seventy fifth hunger games the capitol audience was getting bored and sick of the hunger games. A compromise was made that after the fourth quarter quell they would end. I walked into the living room and sat down on the couch thinking about how in district twelve, the residents can't even afford normal furniture. My Dad, Mom, and older brother where watching the seventy third hunger games re-run as part of the special hunger games marathon of the three hour versions that was running since three days ago. "Hey Jack", my brother said, "Wanna watch"? My brother and dad loved the hunger games and my mom hated them but thought the districts deserved it so she played along. "Nope", I said, "I don't find the hunger games exiting nor entertaining." "But you like those action movies ", my mom said. The only people who could become actors are from district one, two or the capitol. "Yeah because their fake"! I snapped. My brother was going to snap back but then a fanfare played over the tv. Cradius the successor of the newly retired Caesar Flickerman came on. "This hunger games marathon shall be interrupted so the President can deliver the long awaited news on the hundredth annual hunger games". Cradius said with the same level of enthusiasm as Caesar. "We are sorry to interrupt your viewing of the hunger games and thank you for tuning in to the capitol channel. Ladies and Gentlemen President Rain"! The curtains behind Cradius opened to reveal a cheering capitol audience next to a podium with President Susana Rain standing next to a microphone. She was wearing a gold dress and had her eyes and mouth surgically altered to reflect the capitals fashions. Her legs where painted with ornate designs and she wore see through shoes which showed her feet that were covered in silver and with extra-long toenails. To me she looked as repulsive as any capitol woman but the audience loved her. "Welcome to the final hunger games!" President rain said. "I know you've been getting tired of them so the final shall be something you will never forget!" The capitol audience became silent. "On the twenty fifth hunger games the tributes were voted into the arena, on the fiftieth hunger games there were twice as many tributes, on the seventy fifth hunger games the tributes were reaped from the existing pool of victors". President Rain said. "And here we have our fourth quarter quell". She pulled a card from a box a young capitol boy was holding. "As a reminder that no matter what the districts do to us they will never win the capitol escorts will be going into the arena. When one of them gets killed their two tributes die. If they kill all the tributes there will be no victor and the capitol wins. Also as a reminder of the two rebellions six tributes shall be going into the arena from each of the fifteen districts. Finally as a reminder of the capitals jenerosity weapons and sponsor gifts previously considered too powerful or too good will be allowed. If a tribute dies the gamemakers could decide to bring them back and extra lives may be given as gifts". Some people in the audience gasped and others cheered. The curtains closed to reveal Cradius at his desk. "Well that was exciting wasn't it?" Coming up next the seventy fourth hunger games starring Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark! My dad flipped off the TV. "So how about it", my dad said, "Do you want to volunteer this year". "Nah", my brother said. "I dont feel like being in the hunger games", I responded. Chapter 2 The next day was reaping day. After getting dressed up and eating breakfast we arrived at the town square a half an hour early because my brother wanted to participate in the festivities. After celebrating for a while we walked through the market that had special sales and vendors open in honor of the quell. "Psst Hey come over here", a sales vendor said from across the street. I told my parents that I'll be back in a minute and I walked over to BRYSONS TOKENS AND ITEMS. "Your a career right"? He asked me. "Yeah", I answered cautiously. "Take this free of charge", he responded and pressed something into my hand. It was a gold pin with a uniquely shaped crystal that had four points in the center. A fourcrys. It was the district one good luck token. "Are you sure"? I asked incredulously. "Yes", Bryson responded, "now go to the reaping and volunteer for me eh"? I glanced around and saw the citizens of the district crowding around the stage next to the fancy justice building. I ran over and stood by my parents. The door opened and Francis Platinum walked out. She was a mirror of the hideous side of capitol fasion. Her fingernails were lengthened too much and painted red. Her eyebrows jutted out in a strange way. Her hair was painted and overly curled and her legs underneath her blue and orange tunic where thinner than normal and covered in silver. "Welcome welcome to the one hundredth hunger games"! She cried enthusiastically. There were appreciative clapping from the district. I sighed with boredom. The mayor walked up to the microphone and read the usual boring Treaty Of Treason. Once it was finally over Francis skipped over to the microphone and drew the first name. "Silvia Rainier". A young red haired girl walked towards the stage who didn't look nervous at all for she lived in district one and knew what was going to happen.. "I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE"! Six girls that I've seen briefly in the academy yelled. Everyone turned around to face them. "Lovely", Francis said, "You are all careers am I correct"? "Yes", one of the girls answered, "We go to the district academy". "Will the leader of the academy please step forward" The crowd parted to let a man wearing a suit walk up. "Hello district one"! The man said into the microphone, "my name is Damson and I am the leader of the academy." "Damson will decide which of these six young girls shall enter the final hunger games"! Francis squealed with delight. "Hmmm", Damson said, "I think the one who will represent district one the best is.. Trisha please come up to the stage". The girl with blue hair ran up to the stage. "What's your name dear?", Francis asked. "Trisha Meiarks", she said. Francis nodded then drew the next name " Shelbi Ornar". I gasped, Shelbi went to my class in the academy. She wanted to enter the hunger games her entire life. Shelbi's eyes lit up as she practically danced over to the stage. "Are there any volunteers"? Francis asked. "I volunteer as tribute", a young boy that I never seen before said. Before Francis could do anything Shelbi swore at the boy in anger and yelled at him not to take the opportunity away from her. Slightly frightened the young boy blended back into the crowd. "O.K...Then", Francis said, "the next female tribute is.." she reached her hand in again and pulled out a name. "Blimmer Sparks" A girl wearing a orange dress for the reaping that I knew well stomped up to the stage and yelled at Francis. "Can't I have one more year"?! "Uh no sweetheart your name was drawn", Francis said. "Please just let me finish my training I'm not ready just one more year"! Blimmer cried. She took the microphone and begged for volunteers but there weren't any. With an anguished yell she ran towards her seat. I did silently think that I would have if I was a girl. "Well well.. what a lively bunch we have this year", Francis said briefly losing her flamboyant nature. "And now for the boys". She drew a name from the other ball. "Rynold Marks". A young curly haired boy walked to the stage nervously. I silently felt sorry for him as he took his place. "I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE"! a voice yelled from the crowd. The crowd parted to reveal that the voice belonged to a tearstreaked boy standing next to his mother. He walked up to the stage. "And you are"? Francis asked. "Tristan Marks", the boy said shaking with grief and rage. "That was your brother wasn't it"? Francis asked. Tristan nodded. Francis reached in again and drew the next name "Heivris Nightrok". She walked up to the stage and no one volunteered. She drew the last name. "Michal Thompson". A boy started sobbing that I assumed to be Michal Thompson. "No", his mother said, "NO"! I thought about how cruel the capitol are being for letting this happen and what a horrible representation of district one this is. The peackeepers grabbed him and dragged him to the stage. "This cant happen someone please vollunteer'! He yelled franticly into the microphone. Noeone responded. "No please No"! he yelled. Suddenly I felt very very angry and I shouted out eight words that supriesd me even now. "No please stop"! I shouted at the peacekeepers, "I volunteer". Everyone looked at me and just as crisp and clean as Katniss did I said. "I voulunteer as tribute"! My dad gasped and nearly fainted. "Well well, I do believe we have a volunteer", Francis said as I walk up to the stage. The Boy nearly fainted with relief and ran of the stage into her mother's arm. "What's your name dear", Francis asked. "Jack Erikson", I said. "Well it looks like we will have another winner", Francis said, "Ladies and gentlemen your tributes from district one!" We were brought off the stage and into the justice building. CHAPTER 1 THE HUNGER GAMES I stand on my platform waiting for the countdown to be over. I looked around the arena to take in my surroundings. I seemed to be standing on a plateau with four waterfalls cascading down from it into