I decided to write a two part series. The first part will be a one-shot that's set over a period of months, and then the second will be an actual story with chapters. It's just quicker, and the first part was going to be a filler fiction anyways, so I decided to shorten the time it would take to write by doing a one-shot instead. Jared Cameron x OC Rating: T for a scene towards the end 26th March, 2006 Being told you could never have kids would crush anyone, and unfortunately, I'm no exception. The sand on First Beach was the first to fall victim to my rage as I stormed along it with furious passion. How can someone not have kids? That's what girls are meant to do! I mean, how can I be a girl if I can't have kids? I glanced down at my chest. Well, I'm definitely a girl, no question about that, but if I can't have my own girls and boys, then I'm technically not a proper, proper girl, am I? A frustrated, upset huff escaped me as I flopped down onto the sand. No guy will ever want to be with someone who can't have kids, and I just so happen to be that person. I feel sick and numb, numb and sick. I actually think I'm going to be sick. Tear clouded my eyes as the rage flooded from me as if there was a leak inside of it. I'm not a real girl, am I? Someone tripped over me and I bolted upright, eyes wide as I scrambled to help the person I hoped not to have injured. Luckier than some, I am, despite the news I just got. Brown eyes blinked at me as I chewed on my bottom lip anxiously. "Oh my god, I'm so sorry! Are you good?" Jared Cameron, one of Sam Uley's supposed 'gang' stared back, his lips parted slightly in what looked like to be uncontrollable shock. I frowned after a minute or two though. Enough with that staring. "Uh, what are you looking at?" I asked quietly. He seemed to pull himself from his staring daze thing and blinked, regaining his thought process by the looks of it. "Nothing. Are you alright? I did trip over you." He deflected and I nodded with the smallest smile I've ever shown. "Yeah, I'm good. Are you okay? It isn't the soft sand and you looked like you hit it pretty good." I asked back. His eyes looked me over as if he was searching for any marks before he nodded himself. "I'm good too. You're Anna, right? Kaleigh's sister?" I nodded with a small smile. "Yeah, Kaleigh's sister. I think everyone just calls me that. We are identical." I pointed out in a stupid joke but he chuckled and nodded with eyes shining mirthfully. "Yeah, I know." 2nd April, 2006 Kaleigh pulled a face. "You know, Jared Cameron hasn't stopped staring at you since you walked into the hall." She pointed out and I pulled a face back. "Thank you, Captain Obvious. I know. I tripped him up on the beach." I commented casually and her eyes bulged in their sockets. "What? When? How? Why? Spill now." I pulled my long black braid over my shoulder before popping a grape into my mouth. "I was kinda down last Tues, you know." She nodded with a small smile. How I'd be coping with that news without her is beyond me. "Well, I was thinking about the future I'd have and he just stripped over me and landed in the sand beside me. Kinda strange though. He stared at me for a few minutes as though he was blind and seeing the sun for the first time." She smiled widely. "Maybe it was love at first sight, huh?" She teased before taking a bite out of her sandwich and I rolled my eyes. "No, Kay. No one wants someone who can't have kids, duh." That made her face fall. "There is something called IVF and IUI for when you're older, Annie. We read about it last week in class, remember?" I shrugged. "Yeah, and did you see the success rates? No thanks. What's the point of getting your hopes up and then having them crushed over and over again? That's not me, Kay. I don't want to have them crushed over and over again." She nodded as she reached over and squeezed my hand. "And I'll never let that happen." 9th April, 2006 I smiled slightly at the person who sat beside me in Math. "We just keep meeting each other like this, don't we?" I teased. Jared grinned. "We do, don't we? You look better than you did the last time though." I nodded and settled back in my chair. "Yup. I'm doing alright." Math passed quickly and I let myself go in it too. I'm so doing something in relation to mathematics when I'm older. Accounting would be good, I guess. Mom has a friend who makes a fair bit in accounting. Yeah, maybe I could do that. I went to leave after the bell signalling the end of class but a warm hand gripped mine. I paused and glanced at the owner of it. "Yeah?" Jared offered a carefree grin. "You want to catch a movie sometime?" I chuckled. "You sound like you're asking me out, Mr Cameron." I joked and he shrugged with that same, heart melting grin. "Maybe, so, is that a yes then or do I need to go nurse my wounded ego in the restroom?" He joked back.. I've never been on a date before, or had a boyfriend for that matter. Could be kinda cool, I guess. I nodded after a moment or two. "Sure. Uh, if you come to cheer practice after school, I'll give you my number so you can text me with a time and a date and all things like that." He nodded too. "Sure. See you then." I smiled slightly. "Yeah, see you then." 11th April, 2006 Kay looked at me while I spooned a mouthful of pasta into my mouth. "You have a date with Jared Cameron? Since when? Last time I heard, he just tripped over you on the beach!" She exclaimed and I smiled secretly. "Well, he asked me in Math and I said yes." Mom glanced over from the kitchen. "Oh yeah? And where is this date happening, huh? I need to know, little missy." I sighed dramatically. "Port Angeles and we're just seeing a movie. We aren't robbing a bank, you know." I retorted and she hummed, leaning back against the counter. "Well I need an alibi, don't I?" 15th April, 2006 I'd never had so much fun in my life. I couldn't stop laughing as I walked up the path to home. "Well, I had a great time." I said with a wide ass smile and he nodded with a grin. "Yeah, it was awesome. Are you going to the spring fling next week?" I nodded with that cheesy smile. "Yeah. Can I confess something? I kinda need to." He nodded too. "Sure, go ahead." I smiled a little smaller than before, a little shyer than before. "Don't think me all strange and everything, but I've had this big ass crush on you since like the fourth grade. Is that weird?" He shook his head immediately. "Nope. So, were you glad I asked you to see a movie then?" He asked back as we came to a stop outside the door and I nodded with a small smile. "Yeah, super glad. So, I guess I'll see you in class tomorrow then, right?" I asked back while I pulled off my jacket and folded it over my arms and then pressed it to my stomach. I got a nod and a smile in response. "Yup. Do you want to do this again?" I was the one who nodded then and smiled widely. "I'd love to. But right now I have to go inside because my mom and Kay and burning holes in the both of us from the window." I pointed out after having caught the shift of the upstairs curtains and he grinned with a chuckle. "Go on then." 30th April, 2006 I kicked at the leaves beneath me as I followed Kayleigh on her stupid nature hike. "I don't like hiking," I muttered and she flashed me her usual breath-taking, all white teethed smile. "But you like cheering and in order to look amazing while doing it, we need to work out and I happen to like walking and you working in the gym. We worked in the gym last time, so this time, we're hiking." A huff left me. "But Billy Black warned everyone to keep out of the woods, Kay! There's people being killed and I don't want to join them, and I don't want you to join them either. Please, Kay, at least wait until the person or animal or whatever is caught." I pleaded. She huffed this time. "We'll be fine. And we're together right? Strength in numbers, little sis." I scowled. "You're only older by thirteen minutes, dork." I retorted and then froze as the sound of cracking branches made my blood run cold. "I heard something." I must've gotten through to her as she stopped and nodded warily, eyes looking around the forest cautiously. "Yeah, lets go back. I heard that too." She said slowly and I nodded with a relieved sigh, beginning to walk away with her. And then suddenly, without warning, I was airborne. Pain seared across my head and I let out a loud cry of pain before I slumped against whatever I'd been thrown into. Considering we're in a forest, I'm placing my money on a tree... The exclamation of pain made my blood run cold as I heard Kayleigh let out a pained gasp and a sickening crunch, followed by her scream, came next. I don't want to die. I don't want Kayleigh to die either. Please, someone, help us... It was as if my prayers had been answered. A loud snarl accompanied by others and the sound of a low whine brought me out of the incoherent daze I'd been in and my eyes flew open, a warm red fluid covering one of my eyes. Kayleigh dragged herself to me, her leg contorted at a sickening angle. Oh my god. It must have broken. What the hell just happened? I glanced around with daze, clouded eyes. "Annie, keep your eyes open." Kay pleaded and cried out as she dragged herself closer. The sound of running feet appeared without any warning and warm, familiar hands gripped mine. "Hey, Anna." Jared? I frowned and that hurt like hell. What the hell is he doing here? Isn't there wild animals close by? I heard them growling and snarling. "What the hell are you?!" Kay yelled with wide eyes while I struggled to keep mine open. A warm hand tapped itself against my cheek. "Stay awake, Anna." A desperate voice pleaded. "There's help coming. Leech got away." I recognised the tribe hothead straight away. Leech? This is no X-Men, thank you. "Leech, as in red eyed vampire? Are you freaking kidding me?!" Kayleigh snapped and I heard her exclaim in pain as she was helped up and disappeared from my line of vision. Jared moved in front of it instead as I tried to find my sister. "She's being helped, and we need to get you out of here too." I frowned as he slid his arm under my legs, picking me up as though I weighed nothing. "What's a leech?" I mumbled drowsily. 1st June, 2006 I frowned. "Wolves and vampires? Are witches real too then? This isn't a joke, is it?" I whispered and Jared shook his head, eyes staring out to sea and he looked uncomfortable even. I don't know why. I don't care about all