Prologue -2007 My hands shook as I stared numbly at the two lined, positive, pregnancy test that I held tightly in those shaking limbs. I'm only seventeen. I can't have a kid at seventeen. I'm going off to university this September and I want to be a nurse, not a full time mom. Oh God. Jared. How will he react? He has to be protector of La Push, not a father to a screaming kid. Oh God. He'll lose his cool, surely. And his mom? I don't even want to think about how she'll react. She'll demand I get an abortion. No grandchild of mine will be born out of wedlock, least of all to someone like you . Those sneering words still make me shudder even now. Danielle, my younger sister by a year, went pale when she saw the plastic stick I clutched as though my life depended on it. "Is that what I think it is?" I just nodded numbly and she bounded off the bed, winding her arms around me as silent tears began to stream down my face. "It'll be alright." She said soothingly. I just swallowed while she guided me out of the door, Mom coming across us. "Where are you going? We have a pageant in a few hours, Danielle." She snapped, ignoring me as usual. I'm used to it, unfortunately. Danielle rattled off some evasive reply before dragging me out of the door and out into the cold. Lovely. I shivered as she pulled me down the streets to where Jared lived with his parents and his two sisters, albeit evil sisters. His whole family, apart from his biological father, hate me. I have no idea why. But before we could get there, his Mom pulled up in her car beside us and she all but scrambled to get out. "Marianne Redtree! A word, now." She then turned to Dani with nothing but the sweetest smiles of all sweet smiles. "Give us a moment, would you, Danielle? I just need a little word with her." I didn't like the sound of that in the slightest. Clearly not liking it either, but not wanting to create a scene like the sweet sister she is, Danielle nodded and walked on ahead towards Jared's house. I shifted anxiously as the mask of pleasantries dripped from her sneering face, the eyes that were once so innocent and wide now narrowed and harsh. "If you think that I'm going to let you ruin my sons life with that bastard child, you're wrong. You need to leave immediately." I paled. How did she find out so soon? I've known in less than half an hour. "Your mother was kind enough to forewarn me of this unwanted news. You're going to leave and go and live with your father in Seattle." That made me mad. "Who are you to tell me what to do?" I hissed and that snake smile spread across her face. "Because your mother agreed too, as did your stepfather. You won't be my problem after this weekend, Marianne, and then my son can move on from the whore that you are. Only whores get pregnant out of wedlock. I won't have my son being with a whore, so you can go to him, and take my grandmothers ring off of your finger that he gave you, and tell him its over." Mom did this? And Steven? Are you kidding me? I knew they both hated me, but this? This is taking it too far. "And if I refuse?" I asked quietly and she clasped her hands over her abdomen simply, eyes sneering at me despite her pleasant, fake, fake smile. "If you don't, I'll make sure you never see that child." She swore. My heart stopped and my eyes blurred. "You're sick." I choked out. "And you won't be able to do this forever, you know. You can't keep me from here forever. And then you'll lose everything." Mrs Cameron hummed plainly. "Perhaps, but it'll give me just enough time to tell my son just who you really were and show him that he can find love somewhere other than in the neighbourhood whore. I'll go get him for you so you don't have to come and taint my house anymore than you already have. How Danielle is related to you I'll never know." Her heels clicked down the street and I heard the front door slam. My legs gave way beneath me and I sank onto the curb like a ton of bricks, tears streaming down my face as I shook from the cold and from the horrified emotions racing through me. Footsteps came running down the street and the one who I loved so dearly but knew would hurt so deeply took a seat beside me, eyes wide and soft and unguarded at seeing the tears on my face. "Mari?" He murmured, linking my hand with his. I stared at the ring that was on that hand numbly. I have to do this. I can't let her ruin or hurt this innocent life either, and I know she will too. "What's wrong?" He pressed and I wiped away the tears with my right armed sleeve. "I'm uh, being shipped off to Port Angeles to live with my Dad." He frowned and then he got mad like I was inside. "Did your parents do this? Are they making you go? You don't have to go. You can stay here. Sam and Emily would be more than willing to let you stay with them, and you know they would too." He then paused, seeing the blankness in my dark eyes. "What aren't you telling me?" I shook my head, pulling my hand from his. "I want to go," I lied. "I need to go, I have to go. I just came to tell you that...that we need to put an end to us for me to do that." I saw the pain flash across his face instantly and I regretted it immediately. He gripped my arm and turned me to face him, demanding an answer. "I don't understand. Where is this coming from, Marianne? You said you'd marry me as soon as we graduated. You said you wanted to be my imprint, that you loved me." Oh, how I wanted to tell him about what his bitch ass Mom had said, but I couldn't because I knew fine well she didn't make idle threats, and I knew all too well that she would take the innocent baby growing inside me. I won't have her ruin yet another life with her selfish and spiteful ways. "I know, and I do," I whispered, turning away from his so he wouldn't see the fresh tears burning in my eyes. "But I don't want to be with you anymore and I don't want to do the whole waiting game. Every time you go on patrol I don't know if you'll be coming back, if a leech has finally gotten you and then I'm left to pick up the broken pieces, not you. I don't want to live like that." He inhaled sharply as though I'd wounded him, and I knew all to well the pain I was causing him. "I don't want to be with you, and I want to go and explore, not be stuck here as a housewife. I'm not that kind of girl." "Clearly," he retorted bitterly, malice now lacing his voice. "You don't have to do this, Marianne. Grow a pair and tell your parents where it stick it and tell them you don't want to do what they tell you to do anymore. I thought I meant everything to you because you sure do to me, and you know you do too." "Do you think I want to do this?" I hissed violently and he paused a little at that and then his eyes narrowed. "Did someone set you up to this? What do you mean, you don't want to do this? Seriously Marianne, you need to tell me if someone set you up to this." He demanded and I went stiff, getting up from the curb and folding my arms over my chest and turning away from him. "Someone did, didn't they?" He snapped, spinning me around to face him. I wrenched myself from his grasp. "No, they didn't. Let me go, Jared. Go find a prettier girl than me that'll make everyone happier than what they are now and let me live my life the way I want to, a successful one or not." "Mari," he breathed, looking like a wounded puppy, as ironic as that sounded. I wanted to cry at how devastated he looked. "Please don't do this," he pleaded and I almost collapsed at that plea. "I'll stop being a wolf and I'll do anything, but please don't do this. You know how bad it'll hurt me, and you know how bad it'll hurt you too. Remember how it felt last time. Please, I'll do anything, just please don't do this." Tears streamed down my face and they turned ice cold in the cold winter air. "I have to, and I hope one day you'll understand why." I whispered, my voice cracking pathetically. I stared at the ring that had once meant so much and still did, but it felt like poison now with the threats hanging over me. I could lose both of them, the two people who I would always love, or I could lose just one, even if it were someone who was pleading with me to stay, begging me to not break and shatter his heart into a thousand pieces. It felt like it was glue as I pulled it off my finger and as I went to hand it to him, he stepped back with a shake of his head. "No, I won't accept it." He said stubbornly but swallowing the screams of agony that threatened to break free, I merely stepped forward and gripped his hand, pressing it into it as gently but firmly as I could. "I'm sorry," I whispered, tears leaking down my face as I stepped back. He looked so desperate and I wanted to tell him then and there, but I knew what would happen if I did. I could always tell him later on in life when we were older, but would he believe me after the witch had whispered in his ear? Probably not. "Mari," he repeated and I shook my head. "I'm sorry," I whispered again, snow crunching beneath my boots. "I hope one day you'll understand, but I have to go. I'm sorry, Jared." I whispered yet again before turning around, hearing him running off into the forest just over the road and an awful sounding, anguished howl filling the air as those devastated tears streamed down my flushed face. Four days later Dad enveloped me into his arms as I rushed off the terminal, tears streaming down my cheeks. He didn't say anything, just grabbed my bags for me and steered me out into the waiting car outside. He gave a nod at his driver before the shield or privacy shield or whatever went up and then his arms swallowed me whole and the tears burst free. "I don't care what they think of you, Mari girl." He whispered, stroking his hand up and down my back. "At the end of the day, pregnant or not, you'll still be my daughter and you'll still be a daughter to Chloe. She's waiting for us at the house. And yes, she knows, and yes, she knows you need some time to yourself as I know all about what happened between you and that Cameron boy. Is he the father?" I nodded mutely, still feeling numb inside. He nodded too. "Did you tell him before you broke up with him, and I know all about what his mother did so don't even bother lying to me about