Rain poured down everywhere, and the trees creaked and groaned with the brutal winds that swept across the Yorkshire countryside. Olivia sighed as she stood outside, feeling the water soaking down to her ice cold skin, creating a thin layer of frost. It was times like this she longed for, when she didn't have a care in the world, and the world didn't have a care for her. But with another world war approaching, as stupid as it might sound, she was concerned for her safety. Germany was rumoured to have planes that could drop bombs over England, but England had the same. Those bombs might land in the intermediate area, and the possibilities that an explosive device being used to destroy vampires hadn't been explored. She didn't want to be a test subject in that experiment. She walked forward, being illuminated by the moon high up in the sky. Her skin gave off the faintest glittering, a mere product of the moon being brightened by the sun behind it. It's judgemental stare unnerved her, but her crimson red eyes stared up at it, unmoving. Her pale full lips curved into a small, longing smile. Oh, how she longed to be free from all of her responsibilities. To be as wild of the wind that made the trees creak and groan with its force, to be as wild as the animals whose heartbeats she could hear, the mandatory organ pumping the only liquid that could sustain her around the small, frail bodies of the deer about a mile east. Her diet was human blood. Her creator demanded it, voicing how only that course of diet could keep her as strong as she was needed to protect the rest of them. It made her sigh. Her human life was miserable now, looking back on the little pieces that she could at least remember. It was like someone had thrown mud in her eyes, an almost impossible screen that nothing could penetrate and see what laid on the on the other side. She'd pleaded with her subconscious to allow her to remember those precious memories, but it was to no avail. It was hopeless, like pounding at a brick wall. It wouldn't move, but would only cause you bodily harm. She shook her head subconsciously. Stupid saying. With vampire strength, that wall would come tumbling and crumbling down. Stupid strange human sayings. A breath of air passed her, and she glanced to her right briefly. "Enjoying the moonlight?" Her creator, a three hundred year old vampire by the name of Geoffrey commented coolly. "I like the simple things the others overlook, Geoffrey." She replied quietly. "I might be cruel the majority of the time, but I have my tender and weakest moments. Can I help you with something?" "We need you to lure in a few humans to sustain Penelope. Her constant whining is beginning to irritate Gerald and Veronica." Olivia nodded after a moment. "I assume that you'd like me to leave immediately then." "What a pointless question. I'd rather not have our home tore apart by a savage newborn, Olivia. Go, now. Bring back two or three, whichever you can scrounge up. Go, and be back before the hour comes to its end." The wind whipped her wild blonde curls as she walked through the town, some street lamps flickering as she walked underneath them. She hummed, well aware of the two human men, both drunk and belligerent, stumbling behind her. They were a good twenty feet away, and after catching a glimpse of her beautiful immortal face, had began tailing her immediately. It was the same every time. Humans controlled by their lust, their longing. Either way, they still all met the same sticky end. She enjoyed the prospect of being followed, but only when she knew who or what it was. It was unnerving when someone she wasn't aware of was following her. She had had the same feeling when Geoffrey was following her as a human, and that was over two decades ago. It still stuck with her to this day, all twenty two years, five months and eleven days later. She counted each minute, every second. She could have had children by now, not that she wanted them anyway. Suddenly, a feeling came over her, one she hadn't felt in all those years, months, days, hours, minutes and seconds. She froze, eyes bulging out of her head as she came to an abrupt standstill. Even though it just wasn't possible, the ghost feeling of her hairs on the back of her neck rippled across her neck, unnerving her. It was strange. To have put that stomach churning feeling away for over two decades, and then have it appear again. It could only mean one thing, and one thing only. Someone was watching her. Olivia adjusted her coat tighter around her, a stolen garment she'd acquired about five years ago. She didn't honestly care. But it was a human tendency, to think that a mere garment of easily rippable fabric could shield you from a horror so potent which she was sure was following her. Geoffrey had almost been gentle with his turning of her compared to how other immortals did it. She knew of the savagely that her kind possessed, and just to think about it made her shudder. She could be cruel, wicked, deceitful, but she would never force a change on another the way other vampires did. Continuing to where Geoffrey had her usually lure prey, she could feel the prickling sensation increase tenfold. It made her stone skin crawl. She swallowed, attempting to soothe her own burn that scalded her throat. A hand grabbed her, pulling her into an alley. It was Geoffrey, and he shook his head. "Some stupid mortals decided to enter out territory. Penelope sated herself through them. We'll dispose of these humans ourselves. Lure them into here." And she did, with a simple flirtatious smile and a slow walk into the alley again. The youngest, a man of no more than twenty three, sagged in her grasp as he ran dry, and she tossed him away, lip curling in disgust. That was the part about feeding that she hated the most. You were never completely sated, always thirsting for more. It was like drinking from the fountain of youth. Once you drank from the waters of eternal youth, you would never be pleased with what you received. They always ran dry too soon. Flames scorched both now bloodless bodies, and a hand appeared on her shoulder. "We need to head on back. I want to make sure that Penelope isn't a pile of ashes." A wry smile tugged at her mouth before, in using her immortal speed, she raced past him, jumping over buildings, using the nights darkness as a cover for her unnatural abilities. Oh, how she loved the dark, and not just because she could control it. It had served as her own protection as a child from her father's heavy hand. She had often hid away in the shadows of various rooms, praying never to be found. Her mother was like the light to her family's own darkness, the darkness her father caused with his abuse of both alcohol and her own physical abuse. But after the riding accident, never again. No soothing light. Only the fear, and the gut wrenching pain, both emotional, mental and physical. The wind whipped her hair around her face, and soon they came to the tiny clearing with the underground storm drains that served as their home. Then that neck hair raising feeling was back, and she stopped once more. The older vampire, both physically and actually stopped too. He frowned. "What is it?" "Someone is watching us. I could feel it while I was luring those two mortals." Her eyes met him, fearful. "Who do you think it is?" "I don't kno-" He then grimaced, grunting softly as in pain. Then he grimaced even more. "Yes I do. Olivia, go inside, now." He commented wearily, and she frowned herself, turning around and her eyes widened as she saw the gathering of about twenty vampires not too far from where they both stood. "Were you watching me?" She demanded, all self preservation gone, only irritation. Geoffrey tugged on her coat sharply. "Inside, Olivia. Go, now. Bring Veronica and Gerald out. I'll call for you if I need you." She glanced into his eyes, seeing little anxiousness and worry there, but annoyance at her blatant disregard for his first order. She nodded with a small, anxious smile. "I will." Olivia walked over to the storm drains entrance, not bothering to unwind the metal chain, simply grabbing both gate sides, and yanking them open. The metal groaned with the force, creaking in protest. It was an unpleasant smell which floated up, but by now, she was so used to it that it didn't even bother her anymore. Nothing did anymore really. She didn't even have to talk loud. A simple 'Veronica, Gerald. Geoffrey wants you both outside.' spoke in a normal loudness or quietness did the trick, for in less than a second later, two dark blurs breezed past her, the gates creaking again. She smiled a small smile to herself, pulling her coat off and placing it over her arms, which when folded, she pressed to her flat stomach. Life was good, but for some reason, those cloaked people brought an uneasy feeling to her. Something wasn't right, big time. Sure enough, something wasn't right. Geoffrey had called everyone else outside, with the exception of her. He had gave her a look, told her to make herself scarce, and then left. He'd even brought Penelope out, a newborn of no more than three weeks. That was a danger in itself. Olivia frowned. They should have been back by now, and the worried feeling bubbling in the pit of her stomach intensified. She stood, and with footsteps akin to those as ghost footsteps, she crept out of the room. Screw what Geoffrey had said. She needed to know they were all alright, and that those strangers had left. She didn't go the way she'd came in. There were a number of entrances and exits, a few even leading to the nearby cities and towns. But she took the one that led onto an embankment. It have the individual a good looking over point on the clearing that led to the main entrance of the storm drains. She'd be able to see everything there. She soon wished she hadn't. Grief screamed in her head, and she staggered backwards, hand over her mouth like she was going to be sick, even though that was impossible. She might be cruel, she might be deceitful and she might have a certain level of sadism about her, but she could not deal with watching the only family she had even known being destroyed. Fires were everywhere, at least seven, one for each member of her coven. She watched, wishing she could cry, as Penelope kicked and screamed ' no no no please ' over and over again. That was soon cut off as a dark skinned vampire pulled her into a headlock, her head smashing like China plates, the sound like chalk on a blackboard. Her eyes squeezed shut, unable to watch anymore. Despair swept through her entire body, and then came the pain. She screamed a blood curdling scream, fire weaving a dangerous pattern through her entire body, like flames licked at her marble skin in torment, grinning devilishly as they did. No. That was just the source behind her pain, whose lips curled up as she released Olivia from her witch torture. Olivia gasped, even though she had no reason to due to her lungs not needing to function no more. The fire had been in every vein of her body, making her feel like she too was being turned to ashes, that she had