Summary: The Cullens and Edward leaves Bella. After 5 years they went to Denali to Visit their cousins but they will get a surprise that neither their coven members will see it coming. Bella/Irina/Kate/Tanya 😍😍 Femlash. Enjoy. No One's POV The Cullen Coven was currently on their way to Denali. Because unfortunately the town they moved in to became dangerous for them. Emmett and Jasper's singer's currently live there. They almost attack them on the spot when they first smell their intoxicating scent. If it wasn't for their mates stopping them they could have been exposed and might get killed by the Volturi. So they packed their things and decided to stay in their cousins house while they look for another town to stay in. They were quietly driving no one's talking. Their family has never been the same since they leave their supposed to be younger member. Because of the disaster that happened to Bella on her 18th birthday Edward decided to leave and let Bella live her life as a human. Also Edward told them that Bella said they never want to see them again. The whole Cullen clan was devastated specially Esme who saw her as her younger daughter and Emmett, Alice surprisingly Rosalie missed her too. Poor Jasper he can feel all the Emotion of his Family. He was blaming himself of what happened to Bella's birthday party. Edward got tired of his family musings and confronted them to stop thinking about her. He said it was for the best, he doesn't want her soul to be damming by changing her. They didn't agree at first because they want her back, but Carlisle said it was for the best. So they did stop thinking about her. Well when Edward was around them. After that, He decided to leave the coven and travel the world, saying it would help him to move on. After 4years he went back to his coven. Things was the same again. Except it became dull and boring. Go to school, don't associate with the others and leave town again after graduating. They still think about Bella from time to time, but they did not dare to for her because they thought she already forget them and move on to her life. So here they are now on their way to Alaska. It took them 1hour drive from the airport to arrive in their cousins house. Just like them they were also a Vegetarian Vampires. They were also much older than to them. They stopped their cars and got out. Carlisle was about the knock when the door flung open. They were greeted by a surprised strawberry blonde. Then she became curious. "What are a surprise. What is it that you want Cullen? " she asked. "Hello Tanya. I'm sorry we did not have time to inform you about our arrival. But I would like to ask if we could stay here for a few weeks." He asked politely. Tanya was confused she thought they just moved from another town, so why are they here now. "Ofcourse. Please come in." She said as she gesture them to follow her. They sat down to the sofa and the others was on the love seat. They were quiet for minute, then it was ruined when someon burst into the living room. "Hey tan honey were back." Shouted by the blonde woman with a long straight hair. Causing them to cringe. "Geez Kate don't shout. We're vampires. Even if you just talk normally we can still hear you." Said by the girl with a Bob cut blonde hair with a little bit of annoyance on her voice. Kate smiled sheepishly "Sorry Rina". Then she kissed her on the cheek causing her to smile. They both went their way to Tanya and kissed her on the cheek. "Hello loves. Good hunt I presumed? " Tanya asked lovingly as She stroked both of her mates hair. Kate and Irina hummed and started purring enjoying the simpe touch of their mate. But it was interrupted by clearing someone's throat. "You ok there Carlisle? " asked Irina with a smirk. "Umm... Can we discuss our stay in here?" He asked politely but embarrassed for ruining the peace atmosphere. "Right then. Why are you guys here? Didn't you just move to another town?" Tanya asked still stroking her mate's hair. "Well that's the problem. The town were supposed to move in was became dangerous for us." He said. Tanya raised her perfectly shaped eyebrow. While Kate and Irina looked at them. "Oh? How's is that?" She asked. He sighed and slumped on the couch " Because Jasper and Emmett singer's live there." He said. The room was met by silence. "I see... Alright then I will let you Cullens stay, but you all know the Rules. Privacy is important in this house." Said Tanya with authoritive tone. "Don't Follow them and we will kick you all out of the house." Kate said threatening the Cullen Clan. They all nods and Edward whose keeping quiet finaly spoke up. "What's with you three. Why are you three acting like that." He asked sounding bitter and disgust. "What!? do you have a problem about us? We're just doing what are mates supposed to do." Irina said smirking. Oh here we go. Tanya thought. The Cullens stare wide eyes and their jaw dropped on the floor. "Wha- what! that's not possible. Women cannot be mates to each other. It only happened in man and women." Edward sputter. The three of them just rolled their eyes. Ignoring Dickward protest of how women cannot be together. Alice was the first one to recover and squeal and hugged them "I'm so happy for the three of you!" She exclaimed causing the three of them smile at the pixie vampire. After Alice the next one to recover was Rosalie who smile at the three Blondes. "I'm glad to hear that." Then that the remaining Cullens congratulates them. Well except Edward who does not like the idea of it. "How can you just accept that!? That's inappropriate. They were women. And being mated can only happened in two people." He said angrily. Carlisle glared at his son causing him to shut the fuck up. (A/N: Hehe sorry can't resist. He's being annoying.) He sigh and looked at his son Edward " I had seen a same sex mated to each other son. Yes it's unusual to have three mated person but it was possible, much like the Amazon Coven, because the three of them are mated too. And i see there's nothing wrong to it. We cannot choose who we mated to son. I believe we live in a modern Times now. Everything change son." He said causing Edward to stormed off to his room. He looked at the three Blondes with a apologetic smile and they just nod understanding what he was trying to say. The Cullen Clan thought that the three blondes were just a close but they never thought they were mated. Well they were happy for them. Because Living an immortal life without your mate was a torture. They excused theirselves to them and went to their respective rooms. In the living room the three blondes was still sitting on the love seat snuggled into each other. Then they thought of their other mate who was currently away for her job. "Should we tell her about the Cullens?" Kate asked looking up to Tanya. She looked at Kate thoughtfully " I'm not really sure. We don't know yet when she will be back and they might not be here anymore when she did get back." She said. Then Irina spoke up "I think we should tell her once she called us. Remember? We promised that we will always tell her whatever happening to us while she was away. No secrets." Tanya thought about and sigh. She doesn't know how their human mate would react if she found out, but at the same time she doesn't want her to get mad at them for not telling. She was relief that their human mate was not here right now. "Your probably right. We should tell her." "Great then!" Irina said as she stood up and kissed Tanya hard on the lips, she looked at her in the eye, smiling seductively "Now that it's settled, I believe that it's time for us to enjoy ourselves. Isn't that right Kate? " Tanya's eyes darken as she smelled Kate and Irina's arousal. Then her smile turn to smirk. "I believed it is." She purred causing the two of them shivered in delight. Oh this would be interesting, I wonder how they will take it if they found out who our other mate was. The three of them thought before they enter on their bedroom. It's been four days since they arrived. Everything was just normal day for all of them. Just like Edward whose always moping on his room. Typical him. The Cullens and Denali's were currently at the living room doing their own thing. Rosalie were reading a magazines about cars, Alice and Tanya were reading a fashion magazine, Irina was reading a novel books, while Kate and Emmett were playing Video games. Esme were checking her emails for an interior design customer. Carlisle was a temporary doctor in the hospital. Carmen and Elleazar were still on their couple trips. Suddenly their Telephone rang. With a blink of an eye Tanya was on the phone talking a unknown voice. "Hello. This is Tanya speaking." "Hello my love." Irina and Kate jerk their head up and suddenly stood up and run towards Tanya whose still on the phone with the mystery women. "BELLE" the three Blondes said in unison. They heard Belle chuckles. "Hello again my lovelies. I missed you three and your kisses." "Aww we missed you too. When are you coming back?" Kate asked. They heard her hummed then she spoke. "I'm actually done with the photoshoot. So I'm going back there in three days. You think you three can wait a little more?" T hey heard her asked with a teasing tone. The three of them beamed excited about the arrival of their Human mate. Then Tanya spoke up softly and lovingly to her "Ofcourse we can my love. We waited for a thousand years for you. Another three days of waiting is nothing for us." "Good to hear then... Are your cousin's still there!?" Belle already knows the arrival of the Cullens because they did not wait for her to call and just texted her about them. Tanya eyed the Cullens who were looking at them questionably. "Yes they are still here my love." She said softly. She heard Belle sigh "I see... Well I will see you my lovelies on three days. I need to go back to hotel and get ready to pack. It's pretty late here now. I love you Kate, Tanya and Irina." "We love you too Belle. See you in three days." They said and the phone went dead. The three of them were smiling, excited and already planning on what they would do when she get back. Their train of thoughts were interrupted when Rosalie cleared her throat. Raising an eyebrow she asked "Mind telling us who is this Belle your talking to?" The three of them looked at each other and smirked "She's our another mate." Irina said. "WHAT!?" Every Cullen member on the living room shout. "Explain now" said Alice who crossed her arm in her chest. They sat down on the flight as they looked at each Cullen whose about to listen on their story. "Alright. We met her when she's doing a photoshoot here in Alaska. We three always feel the mating bond into each other, so no doubt about, that we three are mates. But there's always something missing in our bond. That's when we finally see her. She completed out bond. So we did everything