Harry Potter and a Warm Night Between Based On J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter Influenced by many things History items copied and or paraphrased from Wikipedia This year's recommendations, in no particular order: Dragonriders of Pern, The Blue Sword, Excitable Boy, Misfits , State of Confusion, Cultosaurus Erectus, Robotech , Star Trek:TOS, The Last Unicorn The book was old, and thick, and had people riding dragons on the dust jacket. Harry checked the price, and then the small stack of coins he'd collected over the last few days. He had enough for _two_ books. The thinner book next to it had the same author, and a pretty girl surrounded by tiny dragons on the dust jacket. He paid the lady behind the desk at the library bookstore, tucked the dust jackets inside his new books, and set out to find a safe place to read his new treasure. The story is captivating, Lessa was him, kinda, but she chose to be a drudge, and live, and plot her revenge, it wasn't just thrust upon her for no reason she could figure out. The Weyr sounds interesting, and the dragonriders of the book's title as well. He looks up, gives a quick scan of the area under the tree he's hiding in, then dives back into his book. Lessa got him, got Fax, killed him as surely as if it was her own hand that did it. Why wasn't it her own hand? Unless he slept lightly, she could have stabbed him easily, maybe sewn him in his bedsheets first, but then she would have to deal with his men . . . But a dragon might be better than a hold that needs rebuilding after a decade of neglect. Going B etween , he'd done that, all by himself. Maybe he was a dragon, like Almathea was a unicorn? Lessa and F'lar settle in at the Weyr, and the eggs hatch, all gangly awkwardness, blood, and outsized eyes, and Ramoth. "And she's no Jorra," Harry says to himself, speaking for the first time in hours, quoting the book. Lessa had control of her life, even as a drudge it was her choice, she was hiding from certain death, or perhaps worse. What did Harry have? An empty tummy, enough change to buy discards at the library, a warm cupboard to sleep in, a not too lumpy mattress, as much food as he could sneak, an aunt, uncle, and cousin out of a Roald Dahl book, maybe James and the Giant Peach . . . When Lessa finally learned how to go Between , he'd try it. But for now, it was time to get out of the tree, hide his treasures, and go make supper for his . . . not family, blood kin, perhaps? March 1985: Richard M. Stallman first publishes the GNU Manifesto "So," Harry says softly to himself, "You picture, carefully, where you want to go, then pull yourself Between , and pop back out where you want to be." He pauses, thinking about the last time he went, the first time he went, Between . The school roof, the dumpster full of stinking lunch trash, Dudley's gang searching for him, the way the gravel drifted, exposing the tar in places, the shallow puddles from March rains . . . With where to go fixed firmly in his mind, his books in a grey plastic grocery bag in his hands, he reaches for the cold, airless dark of Between . His breath escapes in a rush, Between as dark as his cupboard during a power failure in a rainstorm, colder than being doused in a puddle of slush, seeping towards his bones, the lack of air getting urgent . . . And then he is looking down at that roof, the puddles, the gravel, the slight, dark head of his younger self looking down at Dudley's angry young face . . . He ducks back, away from the edge of, he looks around, then lays flat on top of the roof of the little room that houses the roof access door, and stays quiet as his younger self is caught and dragged inside to be yelled at. He rolls over, looking up at the dreary March day in 1985, and smiles, "I really am a dragon!" 3 March 1985: a quake hits Chile, killing 177, injuring 2,575, destroys 142,489 houses, and leaves about a million people homeless Getting down will be much easier, and quicker, than getting up to the roof. He reads more of Dragonflight, the first book, and discovers that Lessa figured out the same property of being able to go Between times, as well as places. After the students have gone home Harry chooses a spot on the ground, and dives Between , barely long enough to gasp before he's outside the school gates and walking away. He could go home, but there is already a Harry there now, and if he times it back to when he just came from, that's hardly an adventure. He swings his bag of books back and forth as he walks, if he was a dragon he wouldn't mind sleeping out, but he'd need to eat a lot more, is a herdbeast the size of a sheep or a cow? Sheep he might be able to steal for a few days, but cows . . . What kind of dragon would he want to be, anyway? A little blue, a bronze, a giant gold? A blue would be easier to feed, but a gold would be awesome. Awesome enough to be worth it? He clutches his books close, then looks around, yeah, not a good place to turn into a dragon-shaped dragon. He sets off for a clearing he'd liked, until Dudley's gang had discovered it, a couple years ago . . . He smiles, a couple years from now, also. He slips through the trees, sets his books down on a dryish rock, and starts to unfold . . . he stops, suddenly, and strips to his underwear, "It would be nice if my clothes didn't get torn up like the Hulk, but," he piles his clothes on his bag of books, steps back, and unfolds into a giant golden dragon with iridescent faceted eyes. A triumphant bugle escapes her throat, and she throws herself into the air with a thunderclap of great wings. A quick flight shows just how poor her prospects for supper as a dragon are in Little Whinging, and she backwings back into her clearing, and folds herself back int a human shape. "The naked," she says, looking at her bare crotch, "I somewhat expected." She gathers her scattered clothing, blown about by the wind of her departure and return, pleased to note that she's a little taller as a girl, and Dudley's outgrown shirt is still long enough to cover everything important. "I'm so glad I washed these myself," she says as she pulls on her, also formerly Dudley's, pants. She holds up, dubiously, the greyish rag that remains of her underwear, then stuffs it in a pocket anyway, "I think I need to learn how to sew." 8 March 1985: a Beirut car bomb kills 80 and injures 200 "Yep, time to get out of Little Whinging," Harry tells herself, tucked into a doorway halfway down an alley, as the bobbies totally fail to to make the turn after her. "You'd think," she continues, "That a criminal delinquent would be better at shoplifting." She pulls the pack of hotdogs back out, "Gut bombs," rips it open, and eats four, one after the other, cold from the package, "Yuck." 11 March 1985: Mikhail Gorbachev becomes General Secretary of the Soviet Communist Party "The law, in it's infinite fairness, prohibits," she pauses, "or was it forbids? Both rich and poor from stealing food and sleeping under bridges." The concrete roof over her head thrums with the cars passing over it, and she tucks her feet a little closer. The prestressed concrete beams form a little cave, wide and deep enough to keep her out of sight, as well as block the wind. The concrete is a little hard underneath her, but it could be worse. "It can always be worse," she re-assures herself, her head pillowed on her bag of books, and drifts off to sleep. 16 March 1985: AP reporter Terry Anderson taken hostage in Beirut A quick discussion with a librarian gets her not only the quote, but the author as well, Anatole France. "To accomplish great things," She re-reads aloud, just above a whisper, "we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe." 17 March 1985: Expo '85, the Tsukuba World's Fair, opens in Ibaraki, Japan 1985, Harry has decided, is rather a miserable year. Not that there was much work for a ten year old in 1989, but the begging was better. She had thought a girl might have a better time of it, but the creepy feelings she had about most of the people who stopped to talk to her . . . She'd gotten a scone from an older woman somewhere east of Soho, which feels safer than Surrey, if not entirely safe, but the beggars in Soho seem hungrier than she is. She keeps walking, blinks a moment when she realizes the couple walking down the opposite side of the street arm in arm are a couple of blokes, then smiles, "Guess this is a right place." 10 April 1985: Madonna launches her Virgin Tour in New York City "They put a parking lot on the piece of land, where the supermarket used to stand," she sings along with the radio, "before that they put up a bowling alley, on the site that used to be the local pally." "Come dancing!" 12 April 1985: El Descanso bombing near Madrid, Spain "It is only the poor who pay cash, and that is not from virtue, but because they are refused credit," Harry tells the man at the newspaper stand. He laughs, and doesn't complain when Harry puts the paper back after reading the front page. 19 April 1985: The Soviet Union performs a nuclear test in eastern Kazakhstan She doesn't like to beg in Soho. There aren't many creeps, and many people are willing to share, but they are almost as poor as she is, and she can go days at a time without being really hungry. The nicer neighborhoods of London, she sighs, everyone is blind, except the Bobbies, who are quick to run her off. Children's Services would see her fed, but they only might be better than her kin. She could steal things easily enough, a quick dive Between would let her slip into anywhere she could see, or could visit during the day, but . . . Whitechapel was looking like a bust, too. She ducks into an alley that should be on the way out, then turns around a minute later, another dead end. A small gang of teenagers is blocking the exit back to the main street, "What have we here," one of them asks, not the one in the front middle, but a couple to the side and a pace or two back, "A little beggar boy, looking to horn in on our turf?" Well, that explains both a little of her poor luck begging and her good luck in not being assaulted, "I'm just looking around, and I'm on my way out anyway." "You need to pay the toll," another boy says. "No money, no food, nothing of value on me. Let me pass." "You shall not pass!" a different boy says, gesturing grandly. Harry sighs, wanting to just unfold into Ramoth and bite one of these boys, give him a quick shake and drop his corpse steaming on the cold April bricks, but not really wanting to kill any of them, nor to replace her clothes. "Why are you doing this? Don't you have