The Marriage Seventeen is too young to be married. But, staring down at the delicately carved golden band wrapping around my ring finger, I know there was never any other option. Snow made his intentions clear when he came to me before the Victory Tour and threatened my family, my only friend. When he threatened Peeta. A life without him would be unbearable, even with the forced marriage that has been thrust upon us, because he, despite everything, has been my anchor through all of this. Even after I turned him away with my confession after the games, he's been unfailingly loyal and gentle with me, as though my heart were a fragile glass piece entrusted to him, and only him. Not once has he let it break. It is with Peeta in mind, how supportive and gentle he's been through all of this, that I force myself from the bathroom and back into the dimly lit honeymoon suite- a wedding gift from the President himself. This wasn't Peeta's choice either, and in these last few months I've learned to stop holding this against him, as though he were an accomplice in the ruining of my life. He sits, suit jacket slung carelessly over the back of a comfy chair, tie loosely done in the collar of his shirt, flipping through channels on the wide Capital television. He stands when he notices me, standing uncomfortably in another gift from Snow- a nightgown that leaves almost nothing to the imagination. "Hey," he murmurs, clicking the TV off. I know it's because all they were showing was footage of our matrimony- the ceremony and the reception included. "How are you?" I can see the concern on his kind blue eyes as he glances worriedly from my provided nightwear to my crossed arms- strategically placed over my chest. "Fine," I mutter shortly, though before I can return to question he's striding over to his own closet and pulling out his T-shirt, offering it up to me. "Thank you," I say, taking it delicately with the tip of my fingertips. Wearing his shirts to bed became routine on the Victory Tour, the smell of him helped keep me grounded during my nightmares, but as I shove this particular article over my head I notice that it smells like the Capital- not the cinnamon and dill I've become so comfortable with. It also feels tighter, as though it would hug his muscles snugly, leading me to believe that this too is a product of Snow. It's better than just the nightgown, though, and I accept it gratefully. Besides, his chest is broad enough that it's still very loose on me. I know this means Peeta will be without a shirt, and despite everything, I feel myself flush slightly at the thought. Even though this isn't my first choice of living, I can't help but be attracted to Peeta beyond simple companionship. It would be impossible to deny the small prick of jealousy I feel every time the girls swoon over him as we make our various appearances in the Capital. I always make sure to kiss him more often then, cling tighter to his hand- foolish as it sounds, considering I've always adamantly denied any feelings for him. Shaking the thought away, I turn back to Peeta. Now that I'm suitably covered up, I feel more comfortable here, knowing that nothing will be forced upon me tonight, even though Snow's obviously not so subtly hinting at his newest demand. Peeta grasps his tie, even after all the practice, still struggling to loosen it properly from his own neck. Reaching forward, I gently pry his hands away and undo it myself, sliding it from the collar of his white button up shirt, and discard it on the floor. His face has darkened to a shade not too different from a rose, and he visibly swallows. "Uh, thank you," he sputters, scratching the back of his neck. "No problem," I tell him, before turning around to rid the bed of some of its gaudy extra pillows. The large, king sized, four poster bed seems made for one thing and one thing only, but I ignore this and set about shoving the crimson comforter to the foot of the mattress. "Umm, Katniss?" Peeta's tentative voice calls to me from the other side of the room. I look up to find he's changed into a pair of flannel pajama pants, but that his dress shirt is still on. This is somewhat odd, for Peeta usually sleeps shirtless anyway, and it's not until I see him grappling with the back of his shirt that I realize he needs some help. "What is it?" He blushes slightly, pointing to the buttons on the front of the shirt. "When Portia made the shirt, Snow wanted a specific kind of button, made of some special material. If they unbuttoned normally, she said they wouldn't look as good, because they stretched the fabric when they were undone. So she put the real buttons on the back, and the ones Snow wanted on the front." It takes a moment for me to process, before I realize he needs help undoing the shirt because he can't reach the back. I blush slightly, before striding over to deftly undo the plastic, almost transparent, buttons on the back of his shirt. The tension is palpable between us, and I know some of it comes from his embarrassment. "Does she always make a habit of putting buttons in odd places?" I ask, and Peeta laughs almost involuntarily. "No, and I hope it stays that way." I snicker, bending slightly to get the last button, which is situated snugly just above his pants. When I'm finished, I step away quickly, heading over the bed and shoving myself under the covers. The lights flicker out, and Peeta joins me a moments lighter, wrapping his arms comfortingly around me. "Stay with me, alright?" I ask, the childish feeling that Peeta will somehow disappear if I don't hold him tight enough overwhelming me. Maybe it's because Snow's looming threat still hangs over us at any moment, reminding me even when I manage to forget, that he can take Peeta from me whenever he wants. Or maybe it's because I've lost so many people, that losing another- one so vital to me- would be something I could never come back from. Not ever. Either way, I clutch his forearms with all my strength until his voice breaches the darkness. "Always." The Demand "You both new this day would come." It's true, we did. But surely not so soon, so young. We're only twenty. They can't want this when we're only twenty, can they? I suppose I shouldn't be so surprised, not anymore, after all the things we've been forced to do. Still, this seems even more unreasonable than all the other requests, if only because we're so young. Every day we adapt more and more to living as a married couple- in and out of public eye, though they come with a different set of expectations respectively. We've even reached a relative normality, only to be blindsided with this in our own living room. Peeta, who's been silent throughout the whole ordeal, though his grip tightened painfully on my hand as Snow talked, chokes out, "A… a baby?" The president rolls his eyes, and it would be an almost humorous expression on his face if I weren't so terrified. My free hand has instinctively curls protectively around my currently empty stomach, as though I could protect myself by sheer will. Of course, there is nothing that can stop this- not will or machine gun. We're trapped, useless to prevent the prying of the Capital under Snow's tight demands. "A baby," Snow confirms. "And this won't be the only one, though I'll come back when I want to next one- too many at one time may put Mrs. Mellark out of her peak physical shape for good, and we wouldn't want that." I swallow the bile back down my throat and glance at Peeta, who is seething with barely contained rage. Still, I seem to be clear headed enough, and settle for asking the only thing I can manage. "Is that the only thing you came to discuss?" Even with my best efforts, I cannot manage to keep the tremor out of my voice. Snow nods, bidding us a 'pleasant evening'. Before he can get too far, Peeta springs from the seat and catches up to his security team. "How long do we have?" He croaks, his voice hoarse from tears and rage. Snow smiles, a slimy, greasy smile, before replying, "I hope the share the news with my citizens in no more than three months' time." Three months. That's all we have. Three agonizing months. I hope desperately that it will be enough. "The sooner the better." Snow says, and then he's gone, out the door as if he'd never been here at all. As soon as he's out the door my knee's buckle of their own accord, and I hit the floor hard with tears already leaking out. Any baby of ours will be doomed to games, to a reaping bowl filled with only their name. I clutch my stomach tightly, sobs shaking my whole body in relentless tremors. Peeta is at me in a flash, sinking onto the floor and pulling me into his lap, arms wound tightly around me, as though he could conceal me from the world. I feel his tears against my neck as he clings to me, sobs of his own wracking through him again and again. "I'm sorry," he whispers, sounding more heartbroken than I've ever heard him, and it in turn breaks my own heart. All I can think to say is, "Stay with me, Peeta. Please." He sobs harder. "Always." The Announcement My eyes open to the dim morning light filtering through the white curtains of our bedroom. Instinctively, my hand reaches out seeking Peeta. I find his hand somewhere among the silky sheets, and gently twine my fingers with his. The gentle squeeze I usually receive is nowhere to be found right now, as he's still sleeping soundly. I lean over to press a kiss to his forehead, which looks so young smoothed out and lacking worried creases, before slipping from bed and heading to the bathroom. Grabbing a small cardboard box from the cabinet above the sink, I begin. The following ten minutes are agonizing, but I wait it out, like every week. It's been almost two and a half months since Snow's impromptu visit. Thus far, we've been unsuccessful, though are days are almost entirely consumed by the one act. It gets exhausting, but the threat hanging over us, getting closer with every passing day, is enough the spike our adrenaline. When I finally have waited long enough, I peer into the bathroom cautiously, almost as though a mutt were going to jump out at me. Nothing's there but the little plastic sticks. As soon as I glance at them my heart sinks like a rock to the bottom of my chest. Just like that, the fate of another human being has now been crushed by my hands. Before I can stop myself, I'm leaning over the toilet, retching violently into it. Peeta must here it from where he sleeps, because I feel his soothing hands gently pushing back the sweaty hair, saving it from the vomit. He pulls a hair tie from the countertop and carefully pulls it into a pony tail. When my stomach has settled enough, Peeta flushes the toilet and gathers me into his arms, rocking us back and forth on the cool tile floor. "What is it, baby?" He coos, in a special voice reserved for my weakest moments. It's not often that he uses a pet name for me, though I know he likes to. We may not be in love, but there's no doubt that