Lavender's Lessons By: Mary A Beta: Malinorne Pairing: Legolas/OFC Rating: T Warnings: Mildly adult sexual situations with some nudity, more spicy than graphic. Fandom and Timeline: LOTR semi-book-verse, shortly before the Ring Quest. Summary: A young woman in Ninglorost wants to learn how to be more womanly and looks to the elves for instruction. Het Legolas/OFC Disclaimer: This is a work of amateur fan fiction written just for fun. No infringement is meant on the rights of JRR Tolkien or his estate. A/N: The opening quote about Ninglorost is taken from: Scenes from a Life by Malinorne and used with her permission. You can find the entire story at My Home Page -- just click on my name above, and I highly recommend it to elf-loving readers. (Warning: Scenes from a life is rated NC17) This story is based on a scene in Mal's related story Breakfast , which can be also be read at My Home Page, that describes Thranduil and Eadhild enjoying each other in a window, only to be witnessed by some people who are walking by on the street below. I was curious about that girl who saw them, and the consequences, and I owed a story to a fan who wanted to read about a girl named Lavender. Ninglorost is a town invented by my beta. Chapter One Ninglorost was a small human settlement situated at the foot of the Misty Mountains, not far from the Gladden River and about one hundred miles north of Lothlórien. Its inhabitants usually referred to it as "the Town", an epithet it would hardly have deserved in a less sparsely populated area. The name, simply meaning "Gladden-town" was in Elvish as was the custom of the Men of Gondor who had founded it some centuries ago. Little else remained of the somewhat refined culture of these pioneers, who had sought to establish a base within convenient distance from all the main Elven realms in Middle-Earth. The "Town" had gradually deteriorated as it began to attract the usual rabble of villains, whores and merchants of disputable honour that was characteristic for settlements with a large number of travellers passing through. The heart of Ninglorost was its inn, a modest establishment whose main assets were the maidservants, always willing to do everything in their power to make the guest's stay as enjoyable as possible in every respect - especially if the guest happened to be an Elf. from: Scenes from a life, by Malinorne Lavender saw them from a distance before her mother did, and she pretended not to notice, although her heart beat fast at the sight in the upper window of the inn. Now she was possibly going to see, with her own eyes, even if only in a few quick peeks, what she and her girl cousins had only speculated about. Whenever father brought them to Ninglorost on market day, she secretly studied the infamous structure and wondered about the goings on within, which she had heard about in giggling whispers from her cousins. Her family had only recently moved to the area and they currently lived with her father's kin on the outskirts of this village that people around them referred to as 'the Town', even if it was barely deserving of the title 'village'. She had lived in a real town before and had been to a large city, once, but she understood how it was more a term of endearment to refer to the conglomeration of establishments beside the Anduin as the Town; it was an inside joke. The inn was notorious throughout the local region, no matter the size of the community that surrounded it. Three roads met there, ancient roads that were no more that glorified paths, made by the elven folk of the forests and from over the Misty Mountains. Long before humans settled by the banks of the Anduin, the folk of the wood walked there, and carried boats on their backs to float downstream to the elven realms to the near south, or to the mortal cities even farther away. This meant that elves were almost forced to travel through the town on their way to wherever they were going, and the local folk took advantage of that fact by making them comfortable with accommodations suitable to their kind. The inn was staffed by people who enjoyed the company of such unusual clientele. When Lavender and her girl cousins would get together, their conversations always turned to imagining what happened in the upstairs rooms of the inn. Almost all of their facts came from overheard remarks made by their parents, and other grownups, and from their own observations of who came and went. From these clues, they spun their own fancy tales of how the naughty serving wenches of Ninglorost plied their trade. "Do you think it is true that they have a special room with an enormous bed..." one of them would whisper, while the others would look over their shoulders to make sure they were not being spied upon. "With satin sheets," another cousin would contribute, world wise and all knowing. "And the maids get to choose the elf they want and then they take them into that room." "Do you think that they take all of their clothes off?" "Who? The elves or the maids?" "Both!" And at this point, the conversation would dissolve into hysterical giggling. To imagine bare naked women and bare naked elves together, in a special room, with a big bed, was almost more excitement than they could endure. Even though her cousins, Lily and Rose, had lived in this sheltered region their whole lives, they both behaved as if they were privy to all of life's dark secrets. Perhaps because they were pretty, and were often praised for their copper-hued tresses and amethyst-colored eyes, they thought they were sophisticated and wise. The cousins openly flirted with the young men who worked for their family during the hay-making season, burly workers, tanned by the late summer's sun, whose loud voices and flashing white-toothed smiles were intimidating to Lavender. She could not understand the attraction. Whatever the cause of her cousins' self-assured behavior around men, Lavender willingly deferred to their knowledge about the private behavior of elves and humans. That was more interesting to her, for reasons she was too self-conscious to talk about, so she never brought up the subject of the inn when she was with them, although she never really had to. No beauty herself, or at least not enough of one to earn the type of open admiration her cousins received, Lavender held no hope that she would ever be courted or wed, and that worried her. Was she doomed to die a spinster? And never know the touch of another? When she was younger, in the town she grew up in, there was a woman who gave her music lessons who did not have a husband. She was not ugly, or without normal domestic skills like knowing how to cook and keep house. But she was educated and prim, two character traits that were treated with disdain by the others in the town, and even little Lavender could tell that a man would probably not fit neatly within the tidy teacher's home. The music teacher was also an object of pity and even scorn, although it was cloaked and subtle, if any took the time out of their lives to mention her existence. Lavender took note of the remarks about the 'old maid', and it seemed to her young mind, from the tone of the overheard conversations, that the worst fate a woman could endure was to never know the touch of a man's hand, or to enjoy a lover's kiss. For some reason, as far as Lavender could gather, being husbandless was a result of not being 'womanly', and was neither a desirable nor natural condition. However, it could be avoided only by acting more womanly, and for the rest of her life she feared growing older without ever learning how. Accordingly, although the idea of a man's hand on her body scared her, it scared her more to think that it might never happen. But her cousins' stories about elves had given her a strange new hope. According to them, elves were enchanted by human females and were willing to be lovers with them for the pleasure of the encounter. The folk of the forest were not likely to ever court or marry a mortal maid, but they seemed to be Lavender's last and only hope to know what it would feel like to be a real woman, and have a better chance at being womanly. Although Lavender had lived in a town larger than Ninglorost for most of her life, she had seen very few elves, and none up close. When she was very young, her family had traveled all the way to Minas Tirith, and she had seen a large group of them riding through the cobbled streets on dainty footed horses with braided, beaded manes and headstalls with tinkling silver bells. She barely noticed the riders, except for their dangling booted feet, which did not perch on stirrups. For years after, when she heard people speak about the elves; she thought of those horses. But shortly after they had come to live near the banks of the Anduin River, Lavender had seen a small party of elves, and this time she was not distracted by any horses, because they were on foot. It was a stunning sight. They wore gray cloaks over gray leggings, their hair was dark but their skin was white, and they seemed to be made out of shadows and ice. Flowing and solid at the same time. She had been alone, walking on a path by the river that led to blackberry bushes, and was being cautious in case there were any bears eating there. Beside her trotted her dog, Snap, a small but feisty pug-nosed terrier who behaved as if he could kill a bear, if ever allowed to, so she felt entirely safe. At the very least, he would smell one or detect it, in whatever mysterious way that dogs used to discover the presence of other living things, and would bark to alert her. This day, instead of yapping or growling, Snap had come to a sudden stop on the path and whimpered excitedly. Not in pain, but more in the way he sounded when he would ask for a treat, a pat on the head, or to be let into the house; a happy sound of wanting to have something that could possibly be denied, with his tail wagging rapidly. She looked in the direction his muzzle was pointed and saw them, elves, standing just outside the tree line a few yards away. Not one of them looked her way. They seemed focused on something across the river and she turned to see what was there, but all she saw was more trees. Swiftly she turned back, but the elves had vanished into the forest in that short time that she had taken her eyes off of them, and she felt instantly bereft, as if she had made and lost her first and only friends in a matter of minutes. After that day, she had wanted very much to see another one, and had mentioned the mysterious sighting to her cousins. It was then that she had learned about the reason why elves often came through Ninglorost on their way to almost anywhere; they came to tarry at the area's only inn where they were made welcome, and where the women working there enjoyed their company in scandalous ways. As Lavender and her mother drew closer to the inn on that particular marketing morning, she had seen someone in a window of the notorious upper story, possibly two people. Although she felt close to seeing a fallen woman for the first time in her life, there