A Tolkien-realm Fairy Tale By: Mary Aseltyne Beta: Malinorne Summary: A fisherman who wants to play music at the court of a King gets his wish. Setting: Along the shore of the river Gilrain, and in the town of Linhir, east of the Misty Mountains, near the delta of Anduin. Timeline: Afterthe War of the Ring. Disclaimer: This is a work of amateur fanfiction written for amusement and not profit. JRR Tolkien created Aragorn and Arwen; all other named characters are mine. Songs for Gilrain Long ago in the river city called Linhir, a harbor town in southern Gondor at the fords of the river Gilrain, which flowed to the sea from the Misty Mountains, there lived a young fisherman named Asad. He worked hard at his craft and always caught enough fish to support his widowed mother and little sister. His father was slain during the Great War with Mordor after he had bravely followed after the Ranger Aragorn, along with many other men from Linhir, to fight against the Dark Lord. They were terrified by the large ghost army, but they boarded the ships and traveled up the river Anduin and into battle. Asad, with his mother and then baby sister, were all invited to the White City as honored guests to witness the royal coronation. They were taken aside and introduced to the new King of Gondor, and his half-elven Queen Arwen, an event that the fisherman would never forget, although he was only a very young boy. After he had formally expressed his sorrow to Asad's mother for the loss of her husband, Aragorn spoke directly to him. "Hear me, you should be very proud of your father, lad." In the new King's hands was a familiar item, his father's beloved lute. It had been battered in its travels but when Asad reached out and strummed the strings, its sound was still true. "Your father fought bravely that day on the Pelennor," said the kind monarch, "But more important than that, your father played for me as we sailed up the Anduin in the ships of the corsairs. Indeed, his music not only cheered me and my living companions, but it also calmed the walking dead among us, which was a great help. He told me that if he did not survive the war, his greatest hope was for his son to enjoy making others feel moved by the beauty of music." And so, happily, Asad had learned to play the lute, but he only played merry tunes in memory of how his father had cheered the King and his men, or peaceful ones like those he imagined would have soothed an army of ghosts. He composed his own songs and soon began to attract attention from his neighbors and other townsfolk, who would ask him to play for them. By the time he was a young man, at the end of each busy work week of fishing, a rich merchant or noble would send a messenger to Asad's door, calling him to come play at a feast. No matter how tired he felt, he would grab his father's old lute and rush to the banquet hall. There he would pluck the strings of the instrument till all the guests were dancing. "Eat your fill!" the host would tell him later, pointing him to the table, and passing him a few small coins besides. And from such leftovers from the grand meals that he was given, Asad would save a large portion to share later with his family. Before going home he would seek out and treat his fishermen friends to drinks at the local pub with some of the money he had been paid. The rest would be put away for the winter season, when fishing was not as profitable. Often his friends would ask him, "How can you work so hard and survive on so little? With your voice and lute, you should be playing for the new King of Gondor in his White City." "It's not so bad here, for me, life is not so hard," Asad would reply. "And anyway, how many men can go to a different feast at the end of each week of hard labor, play the music they love, and watch it set a whole room dancing?" Asad was proud of the city he lived in, Linhir. The people here thought of their location overall as the most favorable, with the richest farmland, the most beautiful river, and the most free from the effects of the terrible wars in Middle earth. He would walk through the busy Market Square, lined with merchants in their stalls and teeming with traders from many lands who traveled here by sea or river or over land upon the South Road. He never crossed the square without hearing tongues of far-off places, from Ithilien and Rohan, or the strange Southron accents of the freed Haradhrim slaves. People felt able to travel safely to all parts of Gondor, now that there was a King again, and Linhir benefited from the increased traffic. Eventually, the river emptied out into the sea. On the opposite shore was the marshy fiefdom called Lebennin, lying between the river Gilrain in the west and the delta Ethir Anduin, where the largest ships traveled, on the east. Through the massive fortified piers that stood guard in the delta of the Anduin, although he could not see that far, Asad knew that enormous sailing ships with their cargos of lumber, grain, hides, pottery, spices, and precious metals from all over the world were sailing upriver to the new kingdom of Aragorn's. For years, the ongoing repair and reconstruction to the inland cities of Minas Tirith and Osgiliath, after the damage they had endured during the long sieges and great battles against Mordor, had crowded the sea with cargo ships. After the corsairs had been routed by the Ghost Army, the port city had quickly recovered, was in full operation within days, and the traumatized population were too busy and prosperous ever afterward to even remember that terrible time. Yet sometimes, as he grew into a man, Asad felt lonely, despite his merry songs and the love of his city and its surroundings. The maidens who danced gaily to his music at the feasts would often smile at him, but their fathers were noblemen, or were rich, and he was poor, and not one of them would think of being his. His mother and sister never complained about their humble lives, but he felt guiltier and guiltier as the years went by that he could not afford to do better for them. After a particularly well-received performance at a feast, when the tables had cleared and the last happily humming guest departed, Asad shyly approached the host, a jolly man, and a local fish merchant, and asked for a letter of endorsement. "I intend to seek employment at the court of King Aragorn, as a musician." "To be sure, you play a happy lute," the agreeable merchant said, with a nod and a wink. "There is never a sour temper in the crowd when you take the stage, Asad, and that is a fact." He paused for a moment and his broad grin melted into a more sober, although no less warm, smile. "But lad, you have to play more than merry dance tunes to play in King Aragorn's court. The best elf and dwarf musicians in the world have flocked there over the years just for the honor of being heard by his majesty and the queen." "That is so," agreed Asad, for he had thought of that and had an answer. "The music that the elves and dwarves play is always about days long past. My music is about today and tomorrow, surely I would at least be a novelty in Minas Tirith." "Aye, lad, you have a point. I would only give one more word of advice to you. Your music is filled with spirit, now you need to give it heart." Asad took this advice seriously, and was in an immediate state of confusion. How could he sing from his heart when he had never known the love of a woman? And how would he ever know the love of a good woman if he did not first earn enough money to be worthy? That same evening, feeling very lonely, Asad avoided his friends and walked sadly beyond the city walls and down along the river Gilrain. He came to his favorite spot on the bank, where the narrow waters slowed and spread out into a wide pool. There was a legend about an Elven maid of yesteryear who tarried here too long, to admire the reflection of the stars upon the water, and missed the ship that was to carry her away. After finding a suitable place to sit, Asad placed his lute on his lap. Gentle waves brushed the shore, and moonlight shimmered on the water. How could he ever think of leaving? How could he stay? "My lovely river Gilrain," he said with a sigh. "Rich man, poor man -- it's all the same to you. If only you were a woman! I'd marry you and live with you here beside the city I love." Asad plucked a peaceful tune to ease his troubled soul and then a merry song seemed to take a hold of his fingers, as if they had no will of their own and must obey. The tinkling notes of his lute floated over the Gilrain. All at once the river grew rough, and strong waves began to slap the bank. "Heaven help me!" cried Asad as a large shape rose from the water. Before him stood a tall glowing figure, a man with a pearl-encrusted crown atop a flowing mane of silver hair and wearing robes of rich silks and satins. Surely this was a King, but from what kingdom he came from was impossible to tell. "Musician," said the monarch. "To this river I have come often for many long years to search for one that is lost. My dreams are often troubled by the echo of her voice, but I can not find her. Your sweet music has reached my lonely spirit, and it has pleased me greatly." "Thank you, Your Majesty," stammered Asad in wonder and awe. Despite the fact that the Kingly creature had risen up right out of the water, he was not dripping wet and silvery strands of his hair floated in the breeze. It almost seemed that the tall noble figure was transparent in the moonlight and Asad was sure that he could see the waving reeds on the opposite shore through the robed body "Soon I will return to my own palace," said the King, and he gestured out toward the sea. "I wish you to play there at a feast, in my court. You must come as soon as you are able." "Gladly," said Asad, all of his fear from the startling appearance of the extraordinary monarch were instantly calmed by the unexpected invitation. "But where is it? And how do I get there?" "Why, on my island, of course! I'm sure you'll find your way. But meanwhile, you need not wait for your reward." Something large jumped from the river and flopped at Asad's feet. A fish with brilliant scales! As Asad watched in amazement, it stiffened and turned to solid mithril that shone in the moonlight as if lit from within. "Your Majesty, you are too generous!" "Say no more about it!" said the King. "Your merry music is worth far more than treasure. If this cruel world was fair, you'd have your fill of riches!" And with a splash, he sank in the river and was gone. If Asad did not have the mithril fish in his hands, he would have been tempted to believe the strange visitation was a dream. He ran home, excited and thrilled at