Author's Note: Hello, lovely reader! This one-shot unfortunately won't make much sense if you haven't read my story 'Thirteen Days of Christmas.' There are a lot of characters and details that carry over. I hate to egoistically self-promote, but I do highly recommend taking a look at TDoC before reading this. Ten. Molly and Desmond 31 December 2035 Molly stood outside Vintage Village, staring at the double doors of the thrift shop. A bright orange sign taped to the glass said 'We close 10 P.M. on New Year's Eve!' Molly glanced at her watch; she had ten minutes to make a decision. She gazed at the sign. Then, swallowing, she pushed open the doors—but when she arrived at the front of the store, her stomach dropped. Desmond was not behind the clerk's counter. Instead, a girl with thick black eyeliner glanced up, eyebrows raised. "Can I help you?" "I—sorry—I-I was looking for Desmond," Molly stammered, feeling foolish. "He's not working tonight," the girl said in a bored voice. "Oh," Molly blinked. "Okay." Ignoring the lump in her throat, Molly turned and hurried up the store. Then, ducking back onto the freezing London street, she closed her eyes, leaning against the building. When would she learn? Desmond was a nice man—and that was all. The record—it didn't mean anything. Life wasn't kind enough to break her heart and mend it in the same year— "Molly?" Molly's eyes snapped open. Desmond, wrapped in a thick coat, was standing on the pavement before her, smiling incredulously. "Desmond," Molly gaped. "You…you remember my name?" Desmond laughed. "You're pretty hard to forget," he said in his deep, rumbling voice, grinning. "Did you like the record?" "I think I listened to it ten times," she breathed. Then, she frowned. "Er—what're you doing here?" "I'm meeting some friends for drinks down the street," he shrugged. Suddenly, his face brightened. "Hey—d'you want to come? They've got a jukebox—I'll make a Beatles fan of you in ten minutes." Molly blinked. Slightly openmouthed, she looked into Desmond's twinkling green eyes—and her heart somersaulted. She had made mistakes, trusting her heart in the past. But tonight…it was a new year. And perhaps—just perhaps—she could afford to make a few more. "I'd love to." Nine. Lucy and Lysander 31 December 2034 Lucy had been staring at the pocket of Lysander's robes for nine hours. Nine hours they had been dozing together on the grassy slope of Stoatshead Hill, the weight of the tiny black box in Lysander's pocket growing heavier between them by the second, and he still hadn't asked. Merlin's pants , why wouldn't he ask already? She had found the box in their dresser in April, and her heart had very nearly burst from her chest. When August had rolled around, she had braced herself, dressing lavishly for her birthday dinner date. Nothing. Now, nearly nine months later, she was losing hope. Why wouldn't he ask? Had he changed his mind? Lucy's stomach swooped unpleasantly. Lysander was discoursing sleepily on constellations, his arm pointed at the sky. "…That one's Cygnus, the swan. See that star on the tail? That's Deneb…" Lucy stared at his pocket, her heart pounding. "…and the star on the head, that's Albireo—" "Lysander," Lucy said abruptly. "Will you marry me?" There was a long silence. Then— "What?" Lysander asked. Lucy swallowed. "I'm sorry, I just—I saw the box in our dresser, and—" "Box?" Lysander sat upright. "You mean that Jordan's Jewelers box? Oh, Luce…Lorcan just used that box to give me some Venomous Tentacula seeds. It's…it's just seeds." Lucy gaped at him, aghast. "No," she whispered. "But if you'd waited nine more days," Lysander continued softly, "I'd have a ring—I'm seeing my gran next Tuesday to get it." Lucy's eyes widened. Lysander was rummaging in his pockets. At last, he withdrew an old keychain made from Butterbeer corks and scrambled onto one knee. "I love you, Lucy," he said, beaming. "And yes, I'll marry you." Lucy laughed, her eyes filling with tears, as she reached out a trembling hand and accepted the keychain. Then, she flung her arms around him and tackled him into a kiss, just as somewhere out in the distance, fireworks began to sound. Eight. Rose and Scorpius 31 December 2046 Rose glanced at Scorpius's reflection in the vanity, as he entered their bedroom in an irritated huff. "Jean's putting on makeup, Lyra's trying to decide on an outfit, and I finally managed to drag Leo off his broom and into the house for a shower," Scorpius muttered, yanking his T-shirt off and tossing it onto the bed. Sighing heavily, he walked over to his dresser and began fishing around for a set of dress robes. "Who knew eight-year-old boys could be so difficult?" "Oh, I'm sure your parents have a lot to say on the subject," Rose said lightly, applying a final dash of lipstick and smacking her lips at her reflection. Scorpius rolled his eyes at her in the mirror, pulling on his dress robes and smoothing them out. "What time does Al's party start again?" Rose asked, setting her lipstick down on the vanity and turning to face Scorpius. "Eight," Scorpius said, glancing at his wristwatch. He snorted. "At this rate, we'll be lucky if we make it out the door by then." As if on cue, there was a resounding BANG from the corridor outside their bedroom, followed by several loud shrieks and expletives. Rose and Scorpius exchanged a weary look. "Leo," Scorpius mumbled, drawing his wand. "I'll go." "No," Rose said, stepping forward and touching Scorpius's wrist. "You get ready. I'll take care of this." She gave him a tired smile, leaning up to kiss his cheek. Without warning, Scorpius wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her into an embrace. Rose let out a squeak of surprise, but then laughed, relaxing against his chest. "Just a few more years," Scorpius murmured, "and Leo will be at Hogwarts—and I'll have you to myself." Rose closed her eyes, swallowing heavily. Then, at last, she pulled away, meeting Scorpius's gaze. "I think it's going to be a little more than a few years," she whispered. Scorpius frowned. "What—?" "I'm pregnant." Seven. Albus and Emily 31 December 2022 "Why the hell is Rose looking at you like that?" Albus glanced up from the Exploding Snap game that he, Hugo, and James were playing on the hearthrug of Uncle Ron and Aunt Hermione's parlor. Sure enough, Rose was glaring at him from the sofa, where she and Lily were painting their nails. Their parents had gone to the Leaky Cauldron for the evening, leaving James in charge. "It's nothing," Albus mumbled, turning back to the game. "School stuff." James snorted. "What did you do?" Albus scowled. "Why d'you assume it's my fault?" "Because you, unlike Rosie, muck up on a regular basis," James said snidely. "C'mon, out with it—or I'll ask Rose." "It's none of your business," Albus snapped. James turned to Hugo. "D'you know what this is about?" Hugo glanced at Albus. Then, he nodded, smirking. James looked between Hugo and Albus. "Right—well, someone better spill, or—" "I kissed Emily," Albus hissed, cheeks burning. "There. Happy?" James's jaw dropped. "You— what? " "He kissed Emily," Hugo repeated gleefully. "As in, Emily Smith, Rose's best friend." James gaped at Albus. "Bloody hell—have you become some sort of casanova since I graduated?" "No," Albus retorted. "A bunch of us were playing this Muggle game called…Seven Minutes in Heaven, or something, and…well, they sent me and Emily to a broom cupboard for seven minutes, and—" Albus swallowed, "—we weren't planning on doing anything, but—" "—it happened anyway?" James's eyes gleamed. "Well, who would've thought ickle Albie had it in him?" Hugo snickered. Albus glowered at James. "Are you going to ask her out?" James pressed. Hugo snorted. "Rose would kill him." "Eh, she'll get over it," James said unconcernedly. He looked at Albus. "C'mon, Al, what do you want?" Albus stared down at his knees for several moments, his mind racing. Then, at last, he faced James. "I reckon I want more than seven minutes," he whispered. James laughed. Six. Freddie, Nayla, James, and Alice 31 December 2032 "What're you gawping at? Not that I even need to ask," said a snide voice directly in Freddie's ear, and he jumped, swiveling around in his chair. "Merlin's bloody beard, you're going to kill me doing that," Freddie muttered, running a hand through his curly black hair and glaring at James. "I see marriage hasn't made you any less of an arse." "Hey, it's been six hours—let's give it some time," James snickered, dropping into the empty chair next to Freddie's at the Ignatia Wildsmith Banquet Hall—where James and Alice had tied the knot earlier that evening. The reception was currently in full swing, the dance floor crowded with guests. Freddie rolled his eyes at his best friend, tugging at his necktie and leaning back in his seat. "Where is Alice, anyway?" he asked, glancing around. "Right here," said a voice from behind him, and Freddie jumped violently again as Alice's round, flushed face materialized suddenly at James's shoulder, beaming. "Hi, love." She bent and kissed James's cheek—and James grinned stupidly. "Eurgh," said Freddie in disgust. "It's only been six hours and you two are already insufferable." Alice narrowed her eyes at him. "At least I haven't spent the entire evening gawking the girl I fancy." Freddie sat bolt upright, spluttering. "I haven't—" "Please," James snorted, shaking his head. "You've been staring at Jordan so hard I'm surprised your eyes haven't popped out of your head." Freddie glowered. "Well, I don't blame you," Alice said lightly, resting her chin on James's head. "She does look lovely tonight." "She's Nayla ," Freddie burst out, eyeing Alice incredulously. "I've known her since before she could walk! She's six years younger—" "She's a beautiful, young woman," Alice said, raising her eyebrows. "And if you don't make a move, somebody else will." Freddie mouthed soundlessly at Alice, but she had already shifted her attention back to James. "Come, love," she said airily, her eyes sparkling. "I think I saw an empty broom cupboard outside." James made a strangled noise, scrambling to his feet and seizing Alice's wrist—and within seconds, they had disappeared into the crowd. Freddie rolled his eyes, turning back to face the hall. Immediately, his eyes landed on the slender, perky, olive-skinned outline of Nayla Jordan, where she was leaning against the bar counter and nursing a cocktail. He clenched his jaw, shaking his head. This was Nayla —Nayla Jordan —his godparents' daughter. She was younger than his sister, for Merlin's sake! She was six years his junior, practically family , completely out-of-bounds—and she was talking to one of James's Puddlemere United teammates. Freddie's blood ran cold. He gazed, openmouthed, at the scene before him, his ears ringing painfully. GO! screamed his brain, NOW! roared his chest—and suddenly, before he knew what was happening, he had leaped to his feet and set off across the dance floor, towards the bar. "Good evening, Princess," Freddie smirked, sliding easily between Nayla and Elijah Webb—and with a covert flick of Freddie's wand, the unsuspecting Puddlemere Beater was sent stumbling backwards. "How's my favorite snitch?" Nayla scowled at him. "What d'you want?" "Nothing," Freddie said simply, holding his hand out to her. "Care to dance?" Nayla's eyebrows shot up her forehead, and she blinked, several times. Then, her eyes narrowed. "Are you taking the mickey?" she asked in a dangerous voice. "No," Freddie shook his head. "Am I going to have green hair at the end of this dance?" "What? No, of course—" "Are you going to ditch me for the first blond slag that catches your eye?" "Well, blond's not really my type—" Nayla's eyes became slits. "No," Freddie said hastily. Nayla lifted her chin, scrutinizing him for a long moment, her hazel eyes piercing. Then, she reached out and took his hand, the corners of her lips lifting into