2 May 1998 I. Green and Silver Daphne Greengrass Ambition, cunning, resourcefulness, determination "Tori!" Daphne screamed, ducking around a second floor corridor, just as a loud BANG rent the air, rocking the castle walls and shaking the floors. "Tori!" Daphne cried again, half-sobbing as she swiveled around, her expression desperate. "Astoria, where are you? " "Daph," Theo was panting as he tried to keep up with her. "Daphne, screaming isn't—going—to—" "Tori!" Daphne ignored her boyfriend, screaming yet more loudly. "Merlin's pants, Astoria Greengrass, I'm going to kill you! " "Daphne," Theo's voice was stern now. Seizing her wrist, he pulled her into an empty alcove near the second floor landing, tucked away from the fighting. "Daph—you have to calm down." "Don't tell me to calm down!" Daphne shrieked, trying to wrench her hand out of Theo's—but to no avail. Lean and lanky as her boyfriend was, he had a surprisingly strong grip. "My sister's missing! Do you understand me? She's missing! Oh, Merlin—oh—my parents are going to kill me!" Daphne wailed, tears springing to her eyes. Theo swallowed, his expression softening. "Look—we don't know she's missing," he said quietly. "For all we know, she could have made it out with the others. She might be in Hogsmeade right now, waiting for us—" "We were the first ones out after Pansy and Lily, Theo!" Daphne snarled, finally succeeding in yanking her wrist out of Theo's fingers. "We would've seen her!" Theo rubbed his eyes with the heels of his palms. "Daphne—" But Daphne had already sprinted out of the alcove, back into corridor, her long platinum-blond tresses flying behind her. She was fueled by a desperation, a determination that she knew Theo didn't understand. Theo had no family. He had lost his mother to Scrofungulus at the age of eight and his father to the allure of the Dark Arts, long before that. Daphne had taught Theo more about love than he had learned from either of his parents. "Daphne!" Theo's frantic voice floated up suddenly from somewhere behind her. Daphne ignored him, hot tears springing to her eyes once again. She was determined not to slow down, not to stop—because if she did, reality would catch up with her all-too-quickly, and she was afraid of what it would do to her— " Daphne, stop! I—I see her!" Daphne froze in her tracks, swiveling around. Theo, his expression horrified, was pointing to a balcony on the opposite side of the corridor, where a white-faced Astoria was trapped between the banister and a large, vicious-looking man with matted grey hair. Even from such a distance, there was no mistaking the man's pointed teeth. "NO!" Daphne screamed, ducking past several multicolored jets of light as she tore down the corridor, leaving Theo in the dust. In what felt like a matter of seconds, she was at her sister's side—and with a well-aimed jinx, she sent Fenrir Greyback stumbling back several feet. "Daphne," Astoria whimpered, burying her face in her elder sister's cloak. "Daph, I'm sorry—" "Pretty ladies," Greyback growled, picking himself off the floor and moving towards Daphne and Astoria, his amber eyes glittering dangerously. "My, my, you both look like treats, don't you?" "We're pure-bloods ," Daphne said with as much conviction and haughtiness as she could muster, lifting her chin and narrowing her eyes in her best imitation of Pansy Parkinson and Lily Moon. "Haven't you heard?" Greyback let out a gravelly laugh that made the hairs on the back of Daphne's neck stand on end. "Everyone in the castle is fair game now, the Dark Lord says. And I've always thought, the purer the blood, the better it tastes…" Greyback licked his lips, and Astoria moaned, clutching Daphne's hand tightly. Daphne's heart was beating so rapidly that she thought it might leap out of her throat. She knew she had less than a minute to find a way out of this mess—one wrong move, and Greyback would pounce. Desperate, shaking with terror, Daphne glanced around the destroyed corridor, looking for something, anything —and suddenly, she found her answer in a flash of honey-blond hair. "Look!" Daphne cried, pointing towards a balcony one floor down, where Lavender Brown and Terry Boot were dueling with a Death Eater that Daphne was only vaguely sure was called Travers. "Look at her! She's a pure-blood, too—and a traitor to our bloodline!" Greyback's hungry, murderous eyes flickered briefly away to land on Lavender—and Daphne seized her chance. Pointing her wand at the floor beneath Greyback's feet, she screamed, " CONFRINGO! " The tiles exploded and Greyback was flung backwards—and with Astoria in tow, Daphne ran like she had never run before, not stopping until she had laid eyes on Theo's wonderfully familiar face. With a strangled cry of relief, Daphne hurtled forward and flung herself into his arms. "You're all right," he said hoarsely, hugging her tightly. "And Astoria, too—oh, thank Merlin—" "Theo, we have to get out of here," Daphne cut him off, her eyes filling with shameful tears. "I-I think—I think I just betrayed the Dark Lord—" If Theo was taken aback by this declaration, his expression didn't show it. Taking one of Daphne's hands and one of Astoria's, Theo marched them towards the nearby staircase. Glancing back over her shoulder, Daphne caught one last glimpse of Lavender Brown's honey-blond curls before Theo whisked her out of sight. II. Red and Gold Lavender Brown Bravery, daring, nerve, chivalry " Duck, Terry! " Lavender bellowed—and not a moment too soon. Terry threw himself flat on the ground just in time to miss a jet of bright green light from Travers's wand. " Impedimenta! " Lavender screamed at Travers, but he deflected her spell with a slash of his wand. "Give it up, stupid girl," Travers snarled, sending a jet of orange light directly at Lavender's heart—she leaped out of the way to avoid it. "You're going to die a slow, painful death if you keep this up—" " STUPEFY! " Terry roared, and with a blinding flash of red light, Travers suddenly keeled over, motionless. Lavender's jaw dropped. Swiveling around, she gaped at Terry, who had his wand out and pointed at Travers, his expression one of immense satisfaction. "Cocky bastard," Terry scoffed, lowering his wand. "I swear, these Death Eaters think they're untouchable—" But that was as far as Terry got, for the very next instant, an ear-splitting explosion pierced the air—and the world was ripped apart. Lavender felt herself flying through the air, and all she could do was clutch her wand as tightly as possible and cradle her head in her arms. She landed hard on her back against the wall of the first floor corridor, smacking her head against the stone. Groaning, Lavender blinked slowly, looking up. A large portion of the seventh floor had been blasted apart—even from six floors below, Lavender could see that an entire wall of the castle had been blown clear off its hinges. Enormous gusts of cold air were entering the expanse, biting into Lavender's skin. Shaking, she pulled herself unsteadily out of the wreckage of the first floor corridor, looking around. "Terry?" she called out, gripping her wand tightly as she climbed over a pillar that had fallen over the landing. "Terry, say something!" A chill stole over Lavender's heart. Quickening her pace, she jogged around the corner, towards the now banister-less balcony that overlooked the marble staircase—and the sight that met her eyes caused her entire body to go numb with horror. Terry was slumped back against what was left of the balcony's railing, unmoving—but that wasn't the worst of it. His entire body—his face, his neck, his chest—was covered in angry, red slashes. He was almost unrecognizable. Bile rose to Lavender's mouth, but she forced herself to keep it at bay, as she sprinted towards him. "Terry!" she screamed, hurtling forward—but she was intercepted by a gray blur that sped four-legged across the cobbled castle floor. Lavender saw a flash of amber eyes—long, yellowing nails—and the very next second, Lavender found herself pinned to the ground, and her wand was knocked out of her hand. "They're not as fun once they're dead," Fenrir Greyback's raspy voice hissed in Lavender's ear, his pointed teeth stained with what appeared to be fresh blood—and Lavender's stomach felt like it was falling away… no…no, no, no, Terry couldn't be dead, he couldn't be dead… "NO!" Lavender growled, and suddenly, by some miracle—perhaps Greyback had not expected her to fight back—she managed to wrench herself free of his grip. Still wandless, shaking from head-to-toe, Lavender shot down the corridor and fell to her knees at Terry's side. "Terry," she gasped, seizing his collar and shaking him. "Terry, wake up— wake up! " Greyback's gravelly, mocking laugh echoed in Lavender's ears—and in that moment, the fact that she wandless, defenseless at his mercy stopped mattering. Fueled only by the pain, and the anger, and the anguish she felt for the families who had suffered at this monster's hands, Lavender screamed and launched herself at Greyback's waist, bringing him down sideways. "You're finished!" she shrieked, squeezing his throat with her bare hands. "Do you hear me? You're done! " For a moment, Greyback spluttered and choked in her grip. But then, one of his massive hands found Lavender's wrist, closing around her forearm—he was stronger than she was, she couldn't deny it—and he wrenched her upwards, dragging her by her honey-blond curls towards the railing-less balcony. Lavender gasped for breath, coughing, kicking, screaming—but Greyback was holding her as easily as he would a ragdoll—and the next thing Lavender knew, the ground had disappeared beneath her feet. She was dangling directly over the edge—Greyback was going to drop her down to the Entrance Hall, to her death. Summoning every last ounce of energy she could muster, Lavender screamed and kicked out. The heel of her shoe made contact with Greyback's throat, and he bellowed in pain, dropping her—not over the ledge of the balcony, but rather back onto the ground. Lavender had scarcely a moment to breathe—reaching out blindly, she managed to close her fingers around Terry's hand just as Greyback rounded on her again—and the very next moment, he tackled her and Terry off the balcony altogether. Lavender's world fell away—or perhaps she was falling from the world. Her body slammed into the hard stone, and she saw stars flash before her eyes. And then, the werewolf was on top of her—and his claws found the left side of her face, ripping mercilessly, tearing at her skin—he leaned over her, and Lavender saw a flash of putrid yellow teeth— "NO!" Lavender heard someone scream, followed by a loud BANG —but the voice sounded very far away—or was it Lavender who was far away? All at once, she felt herself disengage—the weight was gone from her chest, the pain disappeared…Lavender's vision went dark, and she knew no more. III. Blue and Bronze Luna Lovegood Intelligence, knowledge, intuition, wit Luna raced across the Entrance Hall with Ernie and Seamus, shooting jets of red light into a nearby crowd of masked Death Eaters. Several of them crumpled, felled by the stunners, but Luna didn't stop to count how many. "This way, Luna!" Ernie bellowed, holding out a hand for her. Luna seized it, deftly navigating herself through a wreckage of collapsed pillars and suits of armor. "Where should we go now?" Seamus asked, wiping a hand over his sweaty, grimy brow. "I dunno," Ernie shrugged, glancing back at Luna as the three of them jogged through the Entrance Hall. "I reckon we could go out onto the grounds—I heard Aberforth telling Professor McGonagall we're still outnumbered out there." Seamus and Ernie exchanged a look, and Luna wondered if they were thinking the same thing she was—that their beloved castle was collapsing, quite literally, around them with every passing moment. Suddenly, Luna heard something that made her pause. Frowning, she swiveled around, scanning a nearby rubble that looked like it had once