AUTHORS NOTE: I've never written smut before in fanfic so please bear with me. I appreciate all reviews! Tell me where I go wrong if you desire. I just want to try and improve my writing. Also, I don't own THG or the characters, the ever brilliant Suzanne Collins does. I just like to play with them. Enjoy! "I'll have a jacks and coke, thank you." I flash a smile at the cute bartender, placing a $10 note on the counter. "So I met this girl the other day and she's meeting us here tonight." Finnick announces, swivelling on the bar stool to face me. I groan inwardly before taking a sip of my drink. The alcohol burns my throat, the warmth soothing my insides. "And why didn't we invite Thresh or Cato? I don't particularly favour being a third wheel." "We didn't need to invite our mates, because she invited her friend." Finnick smirks and I know all too well what that means. He wiggles his eyebrows suggestively, winking. "No need to thank me, Peet." I chuckle, taking another swig of my drink. It had been a while since I'd been with a girl. After being in a serious (but disastrous) relationship for two years with Cashmere, I enjoyed being single. It wasn't that I wanted to sleep around with hundred different girls, just being single was so much less stress. I wasn't even entirely sure how Cashmere and I lasted for so long. We were complete opposites and argued all the time. I think we were both just afraid of being alone but eventually I had to end it. I realised I'd rather be alone then go to sleep feeling useless every night. I wasn't going to lie, I did enjoy occasionally hooking up with someone here and there but it had been forever since I'd been out. Lately all my focus was on studying. Before I could even begin to speak, Finnick interrupted me. "Look, I know you're not interested in meeting someone new because you need to focus on studying or whatever but I really like this girl. Her name is Annie and I would really like to get to know her more. So please, just for tonight. You don't need to take her home or anything, just you know...distract her. So I can have Annie to myself." I had never seen Finnick look so desperate, so I couldn't bring myself to say no. Finnick was my best mate and hell, if he needed me to be his wingman and distract his lady's friend, I would gladly do it. "Yeah man, of course." I shrug. It's not like I didn't like meeting new people. Like Finnick said, I didn't need to take her home. I simply just needed to talk to her. Finnick's eyes flittered to my side, lighting up as he spotted someone behind me. His infamous grin that won over so many hearts spread across his face and for a second, I swear I saw him blush. I turn around slowly and almost instantly spot the girl waving enthusiastically towards Finnick. My breath catches in my throat the moment I see Annie's friend step out from behind her. The strikingly beautiful girl is dressed in a tight black dress that compliments her curves perfectly. Her long brown hair falls elegantly around her face, the soft curls bouncing as she walks. I swallow harshly, trying desperately to gather my thoughts and control the desire that burns deep inside. "Hello, beautiful." Finnick murmurs, pressing a light peck to Annie's reddened cheek. "This is Peeta, Peeta this is Annie." I smile softly, shaking her hand. "Nice to meet you, Annie." Annie's eyes never leave Finnick's as she shakes my hand. I roll my eyes, shaking my head slowly. Finnick had always been exceptionally good with the ladies. "Well then, I'll just introduce myself. I'm Katniss. Katniss Everdeen." I turn ever so slowly, needing time to mentally prepare myself. I don't want to look like a complete idiot in front of her. "H-hey, I'm Peeta Mellark." I shake her hand as well, having to hold my breath as skin meets skin. "Well, Peeta Mellark. As much as I would love to sit next to these two lovebirds all night, I'd actually rather not. Want to find somewhere else to sit? Somewhere I won't feel the need to vomit every five seconds?" I don't know what to say so I simply nod, motioning towards a more secluded spot at the back of the bar. She walks ahead and I can't help but stare at her in amazement as she walks. The slight sway of her hips is enough to drive me insane. Once she's seated, I suddenly realise how rude it was of me to not offer her a drink. "Would you like a drink? My shout?" I offer with a weak smile. "Jack Daniels and coke would be lovely, thank you." She looks up at me under her eyelashes, smiling wickedly. "You have good taste. I won't be long." I order another two drinks, silently glad that we share the same preferred drink. Once I've received and paid for the two drinks, I head back over to the end of the bar where Katniss is waiting. I stop dead in my tracks when I see another guy sitting across from her, almost spilling both drinks. Katniss appears annoyed but the guy remains oblivious. His drunken state made clear by the way he can hardly even sit up straight. I steady myself before beginning to walk to the table. "Is there a problem here?" I ask, placing Katniss' drink in front of her feeling somewhat protective. I barely knew this girl and she was already making me feel jealous. "Excuuuse me, but I-" The drunk man slurred, pointing a finger at himself, "was here first. So you-"he points a finger at me, "need to leave." I roll my eyes, squaring my shoulders and peer down at him with raised eyebrows. "I'm sure there are heaps of girls in this bar that will let you into their pants but I'm not one of them. So if you don't mind, can you please kindly fucking move so that my friend here can sit down." Quite frankly I'm taken back my Katniss' speech. I stare at her in shock, having to bite my lip so that my mouth doesn't hang open and I end up looking like a complete idiot. The man mutters something incomprehensible but after a few moments, he gets up and stumbles away. I hastily take his place, taking a sip of my drink. I almost choke on it when I realise that Katniss has already finished hers. "If I had known you drink that fast I would have gotten you another one." I murmur and motion towards her empty glass. She shrugs, looking at my under her eyelashes, "I like to drink." "Well, you do have good taste in alcohol." God, I am so nervous. Usually I'm at ease making small talk or even talking about anything in general. I only met this girl ten minutes ago and my mind is already a mess. My palms are sweaty and I can't stop my leg from shaking. I'm probably making the worst first impression imaginable right now. "Do you have a girlfriend?" Katniss sweet voice drags me from my thoughts. I make eye contact with her and immediately wish I hadn't. Grey is typically considered a boring colour. However, her grey eyes are anything but boring. They have flickers of blue and green and contain so much fire that I feel like they're burning right into me. "No, I don't." I replying, trying to sound as casual as possible. I run my hands through my thick blond curls, looking everywhere but directly into her eyes. I feel like a blubbering mess whenever I do. I can't seem to think straight at all. I want to ask her if she has a boyfriend but I refrain. Someone as beautiful as she is would surely be taken. As if she could read my mind, she speaks, "I don't have a boyfriend, either. Just saying." She shrugs nonchalantly. Slowly, I let my eyes drift back to her own. "That seems hard to believe." The words aren't meant to come out but once they do, I bite down heavily on my lower lip so that I don't say anything else that would make me look even more like an idiot. She raises a perfect eyebrow with a small smirk playing along her desirable lips. "And why would you say that, Peeta Mellark?" Her voice speaking my full name is almost enough to make me faint. I can feel my hands begin to sweat and a deep blush creeping up my neck all the way to my cheeks. I hope the dim lighting in here is enough to hide the fact that I probably look like a tomato. "Um-well…I-I.." I mutter words incoherently, completely at a loss for words. Katniss continues to look at me with that playful smirk on her lips, waiting for a response. Usually I can read people like an open book but there is something about her that is so mysterious, so hidden and instead of making me lose interest it is just reeling me in even more. I run my hands through my hair again, rubbing the back of my neck once my hand lands there. I'm so nervous that it's fucking embarrassing. "You're beautiful." I blurt out, turning even redder than I thought possible. I'd only known this girl for less than half an hour and she has already turned me into a blubbering mess. "I-I don't know. Who wouldn't want to date you?" "I could say the same about yourself." Her smirk turns into a genuine smile and I can almost hear my heart skip a beat. We chat for quite some time and drink some more. I am definitely feeling more drunk than tipsy by now and I can tell Katniss is the same. She never reveals anything about herself and I find that I'm the one talking most of the night. She asks me about my interests, what I want to be in life and if I'm studying. "I'm actually going to San Franciso for three months to do a chef course. I leave in two weeks, actually." I tell her, smiling like an idiot because I am admittedly proud of myself for getting into the course. "You like cooking?" She asks, gulping down the last sip of her drink. "I enjoy baking mostly. I work at my dad's bakery but he is the one that encouraged me to apply for the course. It is usually a shit load of money but I worked my ass off to get it for almost nothing." "He must mean a lot to you. Your dad, I mean." I tilt my head at her response and before I can say anything, she quickly explains. "Your eyes lit up the moment you mentioned him." Despite the alcohol already making my insides warm, the fact that she noticed a small detail about me made me feel like fireworks were going off inside of me. I don't respond to that but she is right. My dad and I were (and still are) very close, especially when I was growing up. My mother was an alcoholic who liked to take her anger out on my brothers and I. I still had scars from her, reminding me every day of the horrible pain she would inflict on me. "Are you ever going to tell me about yourself?" I ask, raising an eyebrow in her direction. The butterflies still go crazy whenever I look her in the eye but the alcohol calms me down and gives me the confidence I lack. "Nope." Katniss smiles wickedly, reaching over to grab my drink and knocking back the rest of it. "Come on, let's dance." She stands, rather