Prompt Idea: Nico is sick, but Hades doesn't know, and has him shadow travel around the Underworld doing various things for him. By the time he is done, he is deathly ill, and can't leave his father's kingdom, forcing Hades to step up to the plate and act like the father he's supposed to be. Pure fluff. Set after the second Titan War, but before the Giant War. It was a late summer night at Camp Half-Blood, the setting sun casting shadows over the dining pavilion as the campers milled together, chatter filling the air. Dinnertime was no longer a strict affair, with cabin tables all but ignored. Now, demigods were free to sit at whatever table they liked, whenever they wanted. Hardly was there ever a free table or one with only one or two people at it, and overcrowded tables tended to spread out more. Dinnertime tonight was a particularly momentous affair, being the four month anniversary of their victory in the war. While the first two dates had been somber, silent for the ones they had lost, now was the time to celebrate their triumph. The Titan Kronos was gone, scattered to the wind so thinly that he might never form again. The weary half-bloods certainly had enough to be thankful for. As platters and dishes of desserts, courses, and appetizers swam through the sea of tables, people periodically got up, dumping a bit of their food into a huge bronze brazier in the center of the platform. Plumes of multicolored smoke spiraled up into the skies, hopefully pleasing the Gods that the sacrifices were made to. If not… well, they had no way of knowing either way, so it was a moot point. Everybody was in a good mood, laughing and joking around together throughout the hall, or walking towards the campfire for that night's sing-a-long that was going to take place later that night, after the stars came out. Everybody that was, except for Nico diAngelo. He stood in the shadows of the big house, watching his fellow campers as they celebrated, his expression unreadable. Nobody noticed he was there that he could tell, and if they did, they didn't make any effort to talk to him. Things might've changed after the Titan War, but Nico still didn't feel like he belonged here. Even after the addiction of his father's cabin, as well as eleven others, he knew he wasn't wanted. What sort of camp wanted death living next door to them? He couldn't name any off the top of his head. Nico narrowed his eyes as the last of the campers scurried off into the darkness, his gaze on a particular couple walking slowly, swinging their joined hands. The girl's blonde hair swung around in its messy ponytail as she beamed at the dark haired teenager next to her. Percy gave her a crooked grin, pulling her close enough to kiss her softly before they continued walking. Nico averted his eyes as his heart ached. Sometimes, it hurt too much to watch. With everybody gone, he sighed, closing his eyes and reaching out to the shadows, feeling them surround his skinny body. Concentrating, he willed himself to disappear, reappearing just inside of the doorway of his cabin, Cabin Thirteen, a cabin fit for a son of death and darkness. With its solid obsidian walls and green torches, it radiated the Underworld. Nico loved it. Sometimes he thought of it as his pride and joy, as he was the one to design it. Groaning, he threw himself facedown on one of the only beds in there, his sword clanging in its holster nestled on his belt. At the last moment, he threw his hands out, saving them from being crushed by his body. Celebrations always seemed to wear Nico out, probably since he was the exact opposite of happy. He closed his eyes, and even though it wasn't even nighttime, felt himself start to drift to sleep. That was, until his little sister managed to shadow travel on top of him. He jolted awake with a yell, shoving himself into a sitting position, tossing his stunned sister to the floor, her hair covering half of her face. What he could see was frozen in a look of surprise, looking as shocked to see him as he was now annoyed to see her. "Mel!" he growled, throwing his head back and pinching his nose in annoyance. "What the heck!" "Sorry!" she yelped, pushing herself up onto her knees, blowing her dark choppy hair out of her eyes, pouting at him. "You know my aim sucks!" Nico snorted, falling onto his back with a grunt, throwing an arm over his tired eyes. "Yeah, yeah. What is this, crash-landing number fifty-eight?" Melaina made a sound of disgust, throwing one of his abandoned pillows at him, which hit him in the stomach with surprising force. "Geez, chill out. I'm not the one that half scared her brother to death." "Like you've never been down to see dad before," she shot back, hands on her hips, rolling her eyes. Nico felt his chest tighten as he watched her. At times like this, when she was frustrated or angry with him, she reminded him of Bianca so much. Even though they were only half-sisters, the resemblance was scary. They both took more after their father, just like he had. "Hell, I just came from Hell. Dad says hi, by the way." She laughed, proud of herself for being oh-so-witty. He threw the pillow back at her in response, but went too high, and it soared over her head harmlessly. She stuck her tongue out at him. "Rude." "Whatever you say, sure. Now if you're done pestering me…" Nico trailed off, dragging himself to a suitable sleeping position and collapsing down once again with a moan of exhaustion. He heard his sister snort in amusement, and thought she had either left or went to her own bed when he felt her kiss his exposed cheek. "Night, Nico." "Night, Mel," he mumbled, keeping his eyes closed. Nico was asleep before his sister even made it halfway across the small cabin. "Nico! Wake up, Death Breath!" He groaned, shoving his head under his pillow to try to block out the horrible noises that were penetrating his sleep. Before he could protest, it was yanked off of him, and light assaulted his closed eyes. Nico yelped, throwing his arms up to protect his eyes as his covers were thrown off of him as well. What the actual hell? "Melaina! So help me, once I get my hands on you!" he croaked, coughing as his throat protested. It quickly turned into a choking fit, and he sat up quickly, bent over double, retching. Even that slight movement made his head swim, and when he pried his puffy eyes open, the room was rotating around him. Nico groaned, clutching his stomach, trying to will down the nausea, with no suck luck. It was all he could do not to vomit. Dimly, he could hear his sister's worried voice asking if he was okay, but he was too busy trying to keep his meager dinner down. Nico's heart raced as he swallowed, resisting the urge to cough again. He couldn't remember the last time he had felt so lousy! It was a good chunk of time before he felt remotely well enough to speak, and when he did, his voice was creaky and shaky. "I'm alright. Got up too fast." Nico met his sister's anxious gaze, and her dark eyes widened. "Nico, you look awful!" He snorted at her, rolling his eyes. Sometimes, Melaina loved to state the obvious. "Thanks, sis," he told her, slowly getting to his feet, glad that the disorientation had passed. Even to him, his voice sounded funny, sort of nasally and stuffed up. Nico's stomach sank as he realized that he probably had a cold, one of his worst situations ever. Sure, he could fight hundreds of monsters at once without batting an eyebrow, but getting sick was a whole different level for him. It made him feel gross and useless, and just bad in general. "Your kind words are overwhelming. I'll be fine, it's just allergies." Melaina looked like she didn't believe him one bit, but thankfully, she didn't press the subject. "Well, I let you sleep through breakfast, since you seemed so tired, but I saved you a couple of pieces of toast," she gestured to his nightstand with one hand, and he smiled at her in thanks. "I have to go, Daddy needs me to do some stuff for him in Los Angeles with Charon, and he also asked me to remind you that he's expecting you today, soon actually." Nico swore, and his sister gave him an unhappy look, biting her lip to keep her scolding away, probably. He felt like shit, and now he had to go down to the Underworld to run a bunch of errands for his dad. Great. Could his day get much worse? Wait, no. Don't answer that, Fates. Nico remembered that his sister was still standing there, looking at him, and forced a smile. "Alright, thanks for reminding me," he watched as Mel blew him a kiss, closing her eyes and vanishing in the shadows that were always prevalent in their cabin. He sighed, before eying the toast that lay on a napkin next to his bed. His stomach rolled at the thought of forcing it down, and so he decided to just skip eating. It only took him a few moments to get washed up and changed, and soon enough he was racing through the shadows of the Earth, headed for his father's throne room. What Nico didn't count on, however, was how much that simple effort would take out of him in his weakened state. He kept his eyes shut as the world reappeared around him, feeling whatever color was left in his face drain away. Blood pounded in his ears as he forced his stomach into submission, absolutely refusing to get sick where his father might see. Several deep breaths later, and he felt well enough to open his eyes, finding himself face to face with the man in question. Nico yelped, reeling backward in shock as he realized he had shadow travelled to right in front of his father's throne, and with his luck, his father had been there. Hades studied him with an unreadable expression, eyes dark and calculating as Nico stumbled, trying to stay upright. He felt himself blush slightly as he bowed to his father. "Father," he murmured, keeping his head low. "Forgive my rudeness. I did not realize you were there." His father grunted, waving a hand at him to stand up straight, which he did, blood rushing back down from his head, leaving an unpleasant feeling in its wake. Nico forced himself to stand tall, not wanting to appear weak in front of the Lord of the Dead, who was not exactly known for his tender heart. "Not at all, not at all," Hades muttered, a half drumming his fingers on his huge throne, echoing oddly on the hollow bones in its confines. "But now that you are here, I need you to run the rounds for me." Nico stifled a groan, managing to keep a straight face. His head already ached from all of the shadow travelling he was going to have to do. The Rounds was basically going around the Underworld, checking for places that had once been illegal exit points, and sealing them back up if the need arose. Not exactly hard work on a normal day, but Nico felt so awful that all he wanted to do was curl up and sleep. Instead, he nodded, curtly bowing to his father. "At once, my Lord." He vanished into the shadows before Hades could reply. By the time Nico was done with all of his errands, he was dead on his feet.