Disclaimer:I do not own Lord of the Rings although I am hoping to get an elf for Christmas. Additional disclaimer: Some of the phrases in this story are taken directly from Peter Jackson's amazing work The Fellowship of the Ring. Those words are his (and his fellow writers and Newline's and Tolkein's), not mine. No offence is intended by their use. Summary: A tale of the fellowship in Rivendell. They had to meet sometime… ----------------------- In Imladris Chapter 1: A Ranger Caught Off Guard The trees of Rivendell were different to those of the Shire. These trees, thought Samwise Gamgee, were like the elves that walked amongst them. Long, slender limbs stretched overhead as leaves of red, gold and green brushed against each other. For a hobbit who had never ventured far from home, and particularly for one as fond of gardening as Sam, Rivendell was a beautiful introduction to the outside world. As he walked Sam took a moment to consider his companions. Next to him, Frodo still looked a mite too pale for his liking. However, he was healing quickly here in the Last Homely House, where the very air seemed to ease and renew one's spirit. Colour once more bloomed in Frodo's cheeks, his eyes had regained their startling morning-blue and his step was lighter than it had been since he had left the Shire. Noticing Sam's gaze, Frodo smiled at him, knowing that his loyal gardener still worried over his health, despite the more than capable healing skills of Lord Elrond. Reassured that his master was well on his way to recovery, Sam directed his attention to the man who led their small party. Strider, ranger of the wilderness, looked more relaxed than Sam had ever seen him on their arduous journey from Bree. Although still exuding his usual air of mystery, he, too, seemed to be enjoying the peaceful gardens, his grim face having softened slightly. Sam looked next to the hobbit cousins, Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took. Merry's head was twitching back and forth, seemingly unable to settle on just one direction. Pippin's head on the other hand, was tilted back, his eyes focused intently on the branches above. Used to the younger hobbit's strange ways however, Sam paid him no further mind and turned his attention back to the sights of Imladris. Pippin looked up again, eyes searching the trees above, positive that he had glimpsed a flash of gold amongst the thick foliage. Focused on that far above his head, he neglected to note the hazards on the ground, and tripped, less than gracefully, on a protruding root. Ignoring Merry's chuckle, Pippin quickly righted himself and continued searching the trees. He almost stumbled again when a face framed by golden blonde hair appeared amongst the leaves. The owner of said face raised a finger to his lips and silently faded back into the tree, disappearing amongst the foliage. Pippin blinked. He looked to his companions, but none gave any sign that they too had seen the face in the trees, one which could seemingly vanish at a moment's notice. Wondering whether to tell his friends that they had company, Pippin decided against it, doubtful that any danger would have been allowed to enter the elven sanctuary. This was quite apart from the fact that the look of mischief upon the face of their hidden companion reminded him distinctly of the one so often reflected in ponds and windows as he walked by. Strider halted near the edge of a pond shadowed by overhanging trees and motioned for the hobbits to sit down. "We shall rest here for a while, master hobbits," he said, not wanting to overtax the still recovering Frodo. Certain that nothing would provide a threat to his charges here in Imladris, Strider leaned back comfortably against a nearby tree and drew out his pipe, enjoying the tranquillity which enveloped Imladris. Whilst Sam hovered around his master, much as he had done since Frodo's awakening, Pippin looked once more to the branches above the small party, trying to locate their mysterious companion. "What are you looking at Pip?" asked Merry, staring at his cousin. "Hmm…? Oh…nothing," replied Pippin, craning his neck to see behind him. His efforts were rewarded when the face reappeared, this time attached to a lithe body clothed in green. Surreptitiously, he nudged Merry and gestured to the figure in the trees, who, aware of his audience, gave a quick wave. Moving easily and somehow silently through the heavily leafed branches, the figure reached his desired position. He glanced once more at the hobbits with a mischievous smile and then literally dove from his branch directly onto his unsuspecting target. Strider let out a shout as he was suddenly bowled over by a green blur and knocked to the ground. Struggling to reach the knife he kept in his boot, he quickly found himself pinned on his back and looking up into the grinning face of a blonde haired elf. "What's this? A ranger caught off guard?" "I am going to hurt you if you do not get off me," said Strider mildly. "Then I am going to find Arwen and make her swear by the Valar never to tell anyone that tale ever again. And then I am going to hurt you anyway." Glancing behind the elf he continued. "Of course, that may prove unnecessary, for I believe that you are about to be attacked by a foe more formidable than Sauron himself." Following the man's glance, the elf found himself confronted by two angry hobbits, one with a look of awe on his round face. The two he had waved to earlier were on the ground overcome by laughter and apparently quite incapable of coming to the ranger's defence. "Peace, master periannath ," said the elf, quickly backing off his victim. "I mean your ranger no harm." Reconsidering, he corrected himself. "Not much anyway. And by the way Estel, it was not the lovely Arwen who told me that most entertaining tale. It was Glorfindel." "Glorfindel. As in he who fought the balrog. He who was sent back to Middle-earth by the Valar knows that I was 'caught off guard' by Arwen." "Do not despair Estel. At least your brothers remain ignorant. For the time being anyway." The elf smiled. "You wouldn't." "I would." "If you tell them that then I will tell the hobbits that you are"- here Strider switched to elvish- " a ernil. " "You wouldn't." "I would." The hobbits stared first at the elf, then at Strider. Gone was the brooding, tense ranger who had watched them silently from the corner of the Prancing Pony. In his place was a laughing man currently attempting to cuff the back of his friend's head in retaliation for the surprise attack whilst the fair being fended him off with a handy stick. Looking closer however, Frodo realised that although the careworn face had smoothed, and laughter lines had replaced those caused by stress, the sense of danger and watchfulness around the man had not disappeared, merely relaxed. He still carried the burdens of Strider, ranger of the North, only here in Rivendell they were dimmed. Frodo's musings were interrupted as the soft voice of the elf broke into his thoughts. "I am glad to see you again, mellon nin ." Strider grasped the elf's shoulder. "As am I, Legolas. It has been too long." When Frodo cleared his throat politely Strider's attention was brought back to the hobbits. "My apologies, my friends. Legolas, may I present Frodo Baggins, Meriadoc Brandybuck, Peregrin Took and Samwise Gamgee, all respected hobbits of the Shire." Deciding that Frodo's soft cough was due to his recent illness he continued. "Master hobbits, this is Legolas, pr-" At a glare from the elf he quickly changed what he had been about to say. "-Pride of Mirkwood." Legolas bowed gracefully to the four beings, all of whom only reached his waist and they bowed back with varying degrees of success. " Pride ?" he whispered so that only the sharp ears of the ranger heard him. "I panicked." Seeing that his fellow hobbits were too nervous around the graceful elf to say anything, Frodo spoke up, gesturing to his cousins and gardener in turn. "If you don't mind sir, he's usually called Merry, he's Pippin, and he's Sam." "It would be an honour," replied the elf, folding himself to the ground opposite Strider. "However, in return you must call me Legolas." Eying the man who had settled back with his pipe once more he directed an enquiring glance at the hobbits. "I must admit that I am somewhat curious as to how you came to be in the company of Estel?" "Why do you call him Estel?" piped up the ever inquisitive Pippin, ignoring Frodo's admonishing glare. "Because that is his name," replied Legolas simply. "But I thought his name was Strider? At least, that's what the innkeeper in Bree told us," said Frodo, curious despite his despair at the younger hobbit's manners. "It is. This human has many names, each stranger than the last." He began ticking them off on his slender fingers. "Strider, Estel, Longshanks, Ar-" The man glared at him but the elf simply shrugged and continued. "Arrogant human…" " Arrogant human? "Strider interrupted. "Why, yes. Did you think that I was going to say something else?" the elf asked, another grin flashing across his face that only Strider caught. "I seem to remember that the expression 'arrogant elf' is more common, that is all." "Strange, I do not remember that." At the ranger's low growl Legolas quickly turned back to the hobbits. "Now that that mystery has been resolved master hobbits, if you would be so kind as to reveal the ever deepening puzzle of how you met this man of many names?" Merry and Pippin eagerly launched into the tale of the dark figure in the corner of the Prancing Pony and his subsequent abduction of Frodo. Frodo himself broke in occasionally to prevent the others from revealing that which was to be kept secret and Sam, still in awe of the elf, remained silent, face beet-red as the two cousins gave an impressive, if slightly exaggerated, re-enactment of Sam's brave entrance. Encouraged by the elf's obvious interest Merry and Pippin continued the story of their journey to Rivendell. Upon relating Frodo's comment that an enemy would look fairer and feel fouler than Strider, they were rewarded by the rare sight of one of the firstborn so overcome by mirth that tears formed in his eyes. "I told you needed to bathe more Estel!" gasped the elf through his laughter. "But if I did then the hobbits would have believed me to be a servant of the enemy," Strider countered triumphantly. "Then you admit that you do not bathe often enough?" The ranger opened his mouth to reply then closed it again, seemingly stumped and thus provoking the elf into further merriment. Afraid that he had offended Strider, Pippin began to apologise but was distracted by the sight of two identical figures approaching their small party. He soon identified the twin sons of Elrond, both of whom he had met the previous night in the Hall of Fire. Pippin had immediately warmed to them, recognising a mischievous streak that reminded him of Merry. Although retaining the same ethereal feel of the other elves present, they seemed more often merry than mysterious, with even Sam relaxing enough to mumble a few words in their presence. They had immediately taken the four hobbits under their wing, ensuring that they never lacked for food, wine or company. Legolas, having gained a semblance of control over his laughter, glanced up as the two elves approached and nudged Strider with his foot. "Here come your brothers Estel. Do you think that they would enjoy the hobbits' tale as much as I?" "Brothers?" asked Merry curiously. "I was raised here in Rivendell," replied