A/N: This is my first bit of writing in a long time. I hope that any of my old readers who are still around enjoy it, and the same to any new ones. This story is a sort of prequel to my other fic 'Where Fault Lies' but it can stand alone as well. Thanks for reading! Best Laid Plans 'I told you it would never work,' Aragorn muttered, scowling at the elf before him. 'Many times. But you would not listen to a word of it.' There was no response to his grumbling and Aragorn's frown deepened even as he continued. 'You have only yourself to blame for the situation we are in and I shall make certain that all know it. Your father, the Lord Elrond, my brothers…even Gandalf, if that fool of a wizard will stay in one place long enough for me to find him.' Again, there was no answer. Muttering an obscenity, Aragorn shifted slightly so that he was at a better angle, cursing the ropes that bound his wrists together and so prevented him from getting a better grip on the blood-soaked cloak he had pressed against his unconscious friend's shoulder. Throwing a quick glance at the low glow of the campfire that smoldered in the darkness just outside the mouth of the small cave, Aragorn carefully peeled back the bunched cloth and grimaced as the dying flames threw a stuttering red light over the mess of blood, dirt and torn flesh that had once been a healthy body part. Replacing the makeshift bandage with as much care as he could manage, Aragorn continued talking, hoping that the sound of his voice would help rouse his friend, yet wary of speaking too loudly in case he drew any unwanted attention. 'And do not even begin to think that I will defend you. I was certain it was a terrible plan from the start and I told you as such. So when your father demands to know how it was that we got into this mess, I am going to tell him. Do you hear me? Legolas?' 'Filthy elf scum!' Aragorn froze, his entire body tensing at the harsh, guttural voice of one of their gaolers. Slowly, he released his grip upon the slowly darkening cloth beneath his fingers and turned so he was facing the solitary orc that had just entered the cramped cave into which he and Legolas had first been thrown over two days ago. The orc grinned at Aragorn, its teeth glinting black in its cavernous mouth. Its skin was grey and wretched, stretched so taut over narrow, pointed bones and sinewy muscles that the foul creature looked almost emaciated. Its eyes gleamed a sickly yellow and bulged forth from its deformed face, with one almost twice the size of the other. Even from some feet away, Aragorn could smell the stench that came from it, of rotting eggs and stagnant water, and uncooked meat that had been left out in the sun for days beyond count. Still focused on Aragorn, the orc shuffled forward with a ragged, lopsided gait until it stood no more than three feet away. Supremely aware of the limp form of Legolas, bound hand and foot on the floor of the cave, Aragorn steeled his nerves and forced himself to eye the orc calmly, his gaze belying no trace of the fear that was twisting its way into his gut. The orc chuckled, a horrible wheezing cackle that rasped through its throat like stone grating against iron. Reaching out a gnarled hand, it shoved Aragorn cruelly, sending him sprawling to the ground, unable to catch himself with his hands bound as they were. He rolled over and managed to bring himself to his knees, only to be struck down again by the orc's heavy fist. Winded, he lay there, gasping, trying hard to draw breath into his lungs but with little success. He could only watch as the orc moved forward, still chuckling, and delivered a harsh kick to the bound body of the elf. 'Let him be,' Aragorn panted, struggling to draw in enough air to get the words out. 'He is wounded. He can do you no harm.' The orc turned to stare at the ranger, its pebble-black eyes bright with hate and bloodlust. 'What's it to you?' it hissed. 'I'm gonna have a little fun, that's all. You should be glad it's not you I'm looking at.' Turning back to Legolas, it knelt down and prodded him in the shoulder with one of its sharp fingernails, watching in fascination as the deep wound there began to leak a foul-smelling mixture of blackened blood and pus that dribbled down the elf's arm to the dirt floor. Sucking in a breath, Aragorn rolled over so he was lying on his back, looking up at the ink black roof of the cave with his bound hands resting on his chest. He managed to summon a grin, ignoring the blood that was gathering at the corner of his mouth from the orc's first blow. 'You are like all the others then,' he commented. 'Truth be told, I should have guessed.' The orc glanced up at him, distracted from its task of carving some dark symbol into the exposed flesh of the elf's right forearm using the cruel tip of its fingernail. 'What're you talking about then?' it grunted. 'What're you saying? What others?' 'Your companions,' Aragorn said, tilting his chin in the direction of the cave mouth, where he knew a pack of orcs sat within two dozen feet, relaxing after a full day of tormenting their captives. 'All this day and into the night, they played only with the elf. They were far too frightened to come near me.' The orc's face contorted into a horrible expression of confusion. 'What's so special about you then?' Aragorn smirked. 'I can fight back.' The orc howled with laughter. 'The human says it can fight back!' it jeered. 'And it wants me to play with it! It's a fool, is what it is!' Aragorn raised an eyebrow. 'Fool? No. I am simply curious as to whether all of your kind are cowards or simply some of them.' The orc grunted angrily. 'Shut your mouth, human! I ain't no coward.' Aragorn nodded towards Legolas. 'Yet you remain torturing one unable to fight back? That sounds well enough like a coward to me.' 'I said shut your mouth!' 'Come over here and fight me then,' Aragorn taunted. He made his voice as scornful as possible. 'Perhaps it shall do you some good to have to work for once.' With an enraged howl, the orc raised itself to its feet and staggered towards him, sending dirt flying about the cave with each shuffling stride. Still lying on his back, Aragorn braced himself and, as soon as the orc was near enough, kicked up with his legs with all his strength, wrapping them around the haggard grey throat. With a quick, corkscrewing twist of his body, he snapped the orc's neck and it dropped to the ground, dead. Aragorn fell back to the cave floor with a thud that knocked the breath from his body for the second time that night. Carefully, he extricated his legs from the stinking carcass of the foul creature and allowed himself to simply lie there for a few seconds, panting with effort. Soon though, he was shuffling forwards towards his friend and stretching a hand out to feel the weak but regular pulse that beat at Legolas's throat. 'I will say it again, mellon nin ,' he muttered, 'and as many times as I need to after that. Every bit of this is entirely your fault and I will let everyone I have ever met know it for years to come.' It took Aragorn far longer than he would have liked to saw through his bonds once he had started. However, considering that his only tool was that of the dead orc's pointed fingernails, he supposed that haste was beyond his grasp for the time being. Once free, he severed the ropes that bound Legolas's hands and feet, wincing as he examined the mangled mess that used to be the elf's slender fingers, and then paused, considering the next problem. He needed to get Legolas to safety. Legolas, however, was unconscious, meaning that he would not be of much help in that particular regard. Aragorn gazed at the elf glumly, hoping that he would wake up of his own accord. When that failed, he struggled to his feet and grasped Legolas under the arms, careful of his bloodied shoulder and the tips of his pointed ears, which had been cruelly nicked by one of the orcs earlier in the day. With some quiet cursing, he managed to drag the elf's slender weight over towards the mouth of the cave. Hiding Legolas in the shadows, he pressed himself close to the cold rock opening of the cave mouth and peered outside, only to drop back immediately at the sight that faced him. Over a half a dozen orcs were lying about the campfire, lazily picking meat out of their teeth with their fingers or snoring heavily where they lay sprawled on the ground. Aragorn swore silently to himself, suddenly glad that his years with the rangers had supplied him with curses vicious enough to suit the situation. Backing up until he sat beside Legolas' still body, he dropped his head into his hands and thought. He knew that it would not be long before another of the orcs decided to pay the two of them a visit, whether to check on its absent companion or simply because it was bored and wanted to entertain itself with a little torment. Aragorn, however, had had enough of life underground. Being trapped in such a small space with only one point of entry and exit had made escape impossible over the last two days. It would not do to remain in the cave any longer. No, what he needed was to get outside, where it would be easier to make an escape for the both of them should the opportunity present itself. But how was he to get himself and Legolas outside without the orcs throwing them back into the cave? Aragorn puzzled over it for a while, then lifted his head as the bare bones of an idea came to mind. Perhaps what he needed was for the orcs to be the ones to throw them outside of the cave in the first place? A smirk crept upwards at the corner of his mouth, cracking the blood drying there. Absentmindedly, he brushed it away with his knuckles as he formulated a plan that would hopefully lead to their escape. A plan that would only need… Legolas. Aragorn groaned, dropping his head back into his hands. He had been trying to rouse the elf since the orcs had thrown them into the cave earlier that evening, after tiring of their cruel games. Legolas, however, had persisted in remaining stubbornly unconscious. To be fair, Aragorn could not blame him for it. The elf had borne the brunt of the orcs' torment, simply because of what he was. Orcs and elves had hated each other with a viciousness that belied words for millennia beyond count, and these particular orcs had not let the chance to torment one of their most sworn enemies pass them by. Aragorn looked down at the bloodied elf beside him, then back in the direction of the cave mouth. He sighed. It was no good. His plan needed Legolas awake, upright and ideally able to fight. He had to try to wake him. Kneeling down, he edged closer to Legolas and put his hand on his chest, giving him a soft prod with the heel of his hand. The elf's body was warm, and Aragorn's hope rose. 'Come, my friend,' he whispered in elvish, hoping that the familiar tongue