Disclaimer:I wished I may, I wished I might, own these characters I wrote of tonight (or morning as the case may be). Sadly, it didn't work. They're Tolkien's. Additional disclaimer: 'Tig' is the property of Elijah Wood, Dominic Monaghan, Billy Boyd and Sean Astin. This story was inspired by the extra features on the extended 'Fellowship of the Ring' dvd and is for anyone who has sat through the highly entertaining actors' commentary. Enjoy! Summary: Legolas is rather puzzled by the behaviour of the hobbits. Aragorn does not help. It's a long walk to Mordor… Games People Play ---------------- Chapter 1: Tig "What are they doing?" Aragorn, son of Arathorn, glanced up from where he sat cleaning his sword to see Legolas, prince of Mirkwood, leaning back against a nearby tree, arms folded and gaze fixed on something just within the rough boundaries of their temporary campsite. "Pardon?" Legolas gestured eastwards with a slender motion. "The periannath . What are they doing?" Aragorn looked in the direction which the elf had indicated to see the hobbit cousins, Merry and Pippin, running around seemingly without point or purpose. Occasionally a shout would ring out and the two would reverse direction and come scurrying back the other way. The ranger glanced up at his elven friend and shrugged. "Playing," he replied in answer to the elf's question. "Playing?" Legolas echoed, eyes leaving the energetic cousins for a brief moment to focus on the ranger. "Aye." "And what are they playing precisely?" "A game," the man answered simply, returning his attention to his sword. Legolas frowned. "Aragorn, you realise that you are not helping." The ranger smirked. "I am not trying to." Giving up on his infuriating friend, the elf turned to survey the rest of the fellowship where they sat distributed throughout the campsite. His gaze settled on the back of the wizard, Gandalf, who was resting on a broken tree trunk chewing on the long stem of his pipe, blue-grey eyes fastened intently on the playing hobbits. The soft wind which ruffled through the camp every now and again brought to Legolas the smoky but distinct bite of the hobbits' leaf as it curled and blackened in the wizard's pipe- a scent which lingered around far too many members of the fellowship for the elf's liking. Yet Legolas allowed himself only one swift, disapproving glance at the thick grey haze that was emerging from the wooden bowl, deciding that any comment about the foulness of the habit at that particular time would likely do nothing more but place the answers he sought in jeopardy. With a few silent steps the prince moved so he stood just behind Gandalf's cloaked form, which was huddled against the cool evening breeze. Yet before he could even open his mouth to inquire as to what it was that the hobbits were doing, the Maia opened his. "Do not think to ask a mere wizard about the antics of those hobbits," the Istari grumbled without looking up. "For those two are more of a puzzle than all the mysteries buried in the deepest caverns of Middle Earth put together." The robed figure subsided into brooding silence once more, leaving a perplexed elf prince to stare at the hunched grey form in bewilderment. Legolas eyed the wizard for a long moment, during which the grey smoke rings which rose from above the bent figure's head seemed to increase both in number and intensity. Finally, he stepped away and glanced once more around the area which he, Gandalf and Aragorn had chosen for that night's camp. His blue eyes darted over the remaining members of the fellowship as he examined each in turn. The dwarf had perched himself on a large boulder almost twice his size. However, thought the elf silently, such a comparison said little for the size of the boulder. The barest hint of a smirk crept over the ethereal being's pale face as he watched the son of Gloin, who, like the wizard, was huffing away on a pipe. Legolas' smirk deepened as the dwarf cast a quick, suspicious glance in his direction, one clearly intended to be far less conspicuous than it was to the elf's sharp eyes. Of course, thought Legolas with no small sense of regret, the dwarf's suspicions were completely unfounded. After all, it had not been his fault that the dwarf's pack had somehow found its way onto a rather high tree branch the previous night. Moreover, it certainly was not his fault that he, the only wood-elf in the company, had been absent scouting when the dwarf realised its whereabouts, meaning that Aragorn had had to climb up the uncommonly smooth, not to mention narrow, tree in order to retrieve it. A glint appeared in Legolas' eyes as the memory of a dark night in Rivendell came to him as clear as the event itself, when beings of many races had gathered before a dancing fire that lit a great hall, when a son of Thranduil had triumphed over a son of Gloin.+ The glint in the blue eyes developed into a merry gleam of mischief as the elf wondered curiously whether such victory could be achieved again with as little difficulty as the first occasion. Certain that it could, he fixed a calm gaze on the dwarf's blocky form, and made sure to catch the other's eyes when he next glanced over. Gimli jumped slightly as cold blue eyes met his. He looked away hurriedly, fixing his gaze on a handy bush a few feet distant. After some minutes had passed, he glanced over again only to see the icy orbs of the elf still focused intently upon him. Unnerved he looked away again, for longer this time, then back to meet the same impenetrable stare. His anger mounting rapidly, Gimli levered himself off of his boulder and marched across the campsite to where the elf stood watching him, determined to put a stop to the nonsense once and for all. "What do you think you're doing, elf?" he demanded loudly, so loudly in fact that the heads of the rest of the fellowship turned in unison towards the two mismatched figures. Even Merry and Pippin stopped their game for a moment to stare at them curiously. Gimli blinked, realising what he had done, then squared his shoulders, forcefully ignoring the developing grins on the faces of all those around him. All of them, that was, except for the elf, who was looking at him questioningly with an innocent expression on his fair features. "Why, whatever do you mean, Master Dwarf?" the elf asked politely, blue eyes widening slightly. Gimli puffed up his chest angrily. How dare the elf pretend he was innocent! "You know very well what you were doing," he growled roughly, taking a short step forward and glaring up at the twig-like creature furiously. "And if you don't stop it of your own accord, my axe will be only too happy to assist you!" The elf glanced round at the rest of the company as though asking for support against the obviously mad dwarf who was threatening him. "I am sorry," he replied, his expression troubled. "It was not my intention to offend you. I was doing nothing more but simply standing here." Aragorn snorted to himself quietly. Even if he hadn't seen the elven prince staring intently at the dwarf for some minutes, the very fact that Legolas was not affronted by the dwarf's accusations but was instead protesting his innocence suggested to him that the elf was somewhat guiltier than he claimed. Yet the ranger chose not to intervene and instead stayed seated, deciding to let them fight this one out for themselves, or at least let someone else take the responsibility for once of keeping peace amongst the various members of the fellowship. Besides, he reasoned, the past few days had been rather monotonous as the company continued their long march to Mordor and to be honest, he rather enjoyed the amusement that the frequent fights between elf and dwarf provided. Affairs were advancing little further as the dwarf continued his declarations that the elf had been purposefully provoking him and the elf continued to protest his open-eyed innocence. Finally, just as Aragorn was getting properly into the rhythm of the debate, the deep rumble of Gandalf brought it to an abrupt halt. "Master Gimli." The wizard's voice was calm but had an iron edge which, Aragorn well knew, indicated danger. "As this debate seems to be going nowhere fast, perhaps you will tell us what it was that Prince Legolas was doing?" The dwarf did not respond immediately and the wizard raised his eyebrows. "He was looking at me," came the muttered words. Bushy eyebrows rose even further. "He was looking at you." Gimli shuffled his feet, unwilling to meet the wizard's eyes. "Well, it wasn't so much what he was doing, it was how he was doing it!" he blustered suddenly. "Indeed." The wizard's sharp eyes rested on the innocent-eyed son of Thranduil then fell back onto the red-faced dwarf. "If it does not inconvenience you, Master Gimli, I would appreciate it if you would not make up excuses to get into another of those childish disputes which you and the prince insist on having. Instead, might I suggest that you put your attentions to something that is more productive. Getting some rest for example, so that you will be ready for tomorrow's march." His expression fighting between fury and incredulity, Gimli stared flabbergasted at the back of the wizard, who had turned back to his pipe. However, when no response was imminent he instead cast a stony-eyed glare at the prince of Mirkwood, who flashed a swift, triumphant smirk at him before his face returned to its usual serene calm. Angrily, Gimli stomped over to Aragorn who was now sharpening his sword with a whetstone, knowing that the ranger would put a stop to any more of the elf's behaviour if only to keep peace amongst the fellowship. Legolas sighed softly as the dwarf lowered himself down next to Aragorn, knowing full well what the short creature was doing. He debated with himself about trying for yet another victory yet at a sharp look from Gandalf he quickly decided to wait for a more suitable time. At that momenta loud yelp from Pippin caught his attention and he turned his thoughts to the problem at hand, figuring out what it was that the hobbits were doing. Reasoning that the other periannath in the party were the most likely to be able to explain what their kinsmen were doing, he turned his gaze to Frodo and Sam. The two friends were sitting a little way off next to the small campfire over which one of Sam's kettles was boiling merrily. They too were watching the pair, laughing occasionally at the more humorous antics of the two cousins. As the sound of Frodo's laugh rang out over the camp, Legolas decided at once not to disturb them as the merry sound was becoming all too rare as the fellowship drew closer to Mordor. Instead, Legolas turned his attention to the only other human in the party apart from Aragorn, Lord Boromir of Gondor. The man sat a little removed from the rest of the fellowship, his shield and pack laid neatly behind him to rest against a tree. A broad smile was on his bearded face as he watched the two hobbits playing, yet the smile soon faded into a look of concern as the cousins drew near him and began to use his broad figure as an object to shelter behind. Deciding to wait and see how the situation played itself out, Legolas wandered back over to Aragorn and folded himself to the ground, happily observing that the dwarf had risen at his approach, stomping over to the protection which Gandalf provided. With a look at the elf that was