Title: Bound Pairing: Bella/Alice Rating: M Summary: Set in the world of 'My dominant, my Master' based in the time before Bella leaves Alice for a few months. This one-shot is written from Alice's point of view. If you have any other requests for one-shot's, let me know and I'll think about writing them. This story was written for my beautiful girlfriend, since I have recently got her to ship Alice and Bella (I feel so proud for being able to do that) I decided to write her a little story to do with them. And since she likes my writing and stories I hope she'll like this one :) I can barely contain myself through dinner, and it certainly hasn't helped that Bella keeps sending me looks across the table. I have to contain myself though; I just have to. I wouldn't want to displease her, not in anyway. I wake another sip of my wine and smile at her. She grins back. She has such a stunning smile, with luscious lips to frame it. They're covered in a deep red lipstick and shiny lip balm at the moment but I'd give anything to have them on my body. Marking their territory and sending plenty of shivers through me. Bella hasn't dressed up much for this date. Only donning in a tight black dress which nearly touches the floor, her make-up has been kept light. Lipstick, a little black and silver eye shadow, and a tiny amount of mascara and eye liner. She has very beautiful eyes already but her eye make-up only enhances her beauty. She closes her eyes briefly and I can see how delicate and clear her skin is, she looks truly gorgeous. I'm so lucky to have her. For our date Bella asked me to dress stunning. So she picked out a blue dress for me, barely reaching my thighs, and tight around my stomach. Strapless and she told me not to wear a bra since the dress would be enough. She also picked out my make-up; blue eyes shadow, with a hint of white to make it brighter, eye liner, mascara, blusher, bronzer, lipstick and a few others. I guess she wanted me to look my best. Maybe she wants to show everyone who she's with so we stick out? I'm not sure, but whatever her reason I'm happy she wanted to show me off. "Are you enjoying yourself Alice?" I grin at her and take another bite of my delicious meal. I put the knife and fork down on the plate then reach across the table to link our hands. The gesture is small but an important one. "I really am Ma'am. I'm glad you decided to take me out tonight." Her dark and brilliant eyes light up. "Was there any reason?" Her fine eye brow raises in question and she smirks at me. "I don't need a reason to take you out." She kisses the palm of my hand. "When you're done we'll leave." I nod. We stay silent for the next few minutes while I'm eating. I don't eat dessert and instead give her, her coat. She hands me mine and we leave. She pays as always then takes me to her car. She is even kind enough to hold open my door for me before walking around and getting in the driver side. I click my seatbelt in and look out the mirror. It's night and the city is coming alive. It's loud, traffics bustling around, and even the restaurant we're leaving has people lining up outside. Guaranteeing to curious onlookers that it is a fantastic place. I agree. The service are friendly and the food is very excellent, made even better with the right company. "I was thinking, instead of going home, we can go to Jasper. He's just leaving for work so I thought we could drop by for a visit. Sound good to you?" She suggests offhandedly, not looking at me but at a couple standing across the street. "Of course. But I don't want to stay too long. I'm a bit tired." She nods and starts the car up and heads to Jaspers. Jasper owns a club. Not the usual loud club stuffed full with alcohol induced teenagers. But a club attracting enticing and interesting individuals with unique tastes in relationships. Relationships such as Bella's and I's. The relationship of a Dominant and his or her Submissive. He wanted a place where people with these such interest would not be judged or looked down on. So he created a place just for that. And he's done it very well. His club is quite popular to those who know of it, and he has a very high standard of clientele and customers. "I know it is not your favourite place to go, but I thought you might want to see them before you go home. I know you wanted to see Edward again; you seem to get on with him." Her voice is tinged with jealousy it makes my stomach flutter. She knows I am hers, I am not going to flaunt around with him. I don't want him. I stroke my hand over hers on the steering wheel and this seems to tame her for the time being. "You're right. I have been wanting to see him, but I also want to spend time with you Ma'am. And you don't seem to like Edward. So when I'm with him, I'm not with you. And I don't like that." She breathes out of her nose harshly as she pulls up into the car park across the street from Jaspers. She unlocks both of our seatbelts and leaves the car. This discussion is over then for the time being. She holds my hand and leads me into the club through the front door. Going straight in. I hand her my jacket when I'm in and she holds it over her arm, the one that's not around my waist. Being in places like this makes Bella very protective so she likes to have me close. Many times we've been here I've been eyed up and lusted after, but she doesn't have any of it. Quickly coming to my rescue to put any thought they have of owning me out of their heads instantly. This is no different to now, a woman is staring right at me as I enter with Bella. She smiles at me and glances down to the woman at her feet, she's chained to her by a collar. It looks to be one that is permanently locked around her neck. That is the bond I want Bella to have with me. I want her to have that claim over me. I'd love that but I don't think Bella is ready for that right now. I'll happily wait though. I don't want to force her into anything she hasn't fully thought about or even wanted to explore. I've thought about it a lot though, mostly recently. "I'm going to look for Jasper. Go and find Edward, and stay away from strangers." She says to me while pulling off her coat. A black leather one. I grin and lean up on my tips toes so I can kiss her. Her lips easily dominate mine and her hands slide down my back to my ass, grabbing it and pulling me close. I moan into her mouth and she strokes her tongue against mine before pulling back agonizingly slowly. Leaving me needing more. "Go on. I'll see you in a few minutes." I nod, still in a daze. She walks away from me, and I stare at her before gathering my thoughts, which take a few seconds. I then go to find Jasper, avoiding the woman whose eyes I can still feel burning into my back. I leave the room and walk along a hallway. The walls are covered in a deep purple paint, and on both sides of the wide hall are glass cases. Holding many different items, mainly whips, floggers and hand cuffs. Not much of a selection but a lot of the other stuff are in trunks in the rooms upstairs. But those rooms are for paying guests. Jasper charges a hefty fee to rent those rooms. I don't blame him, they're high quality. I trace my fingers over the pristine glass then trail it along the wallpaper before knocking on the door at the end of the corridor. It's a brown door, with a gold handle. Edward opens it in a few seconds and invites me in. He's bare chested, only in leather trousers that stick to his sweaty skin. He's wearing his collar. A black one, three spikes poking out of the bad and a hoop on the front for his master to attach a collar to. Speaking of, Jasper has to be here. He wouldn't leave him here like this unless he would return to him. "It's great to see you." He takes a seat on the floor in front of the sofa. I smile and sit on the sofa. "You too Edward, how are you?" He grins and his eyes light up tremendously. His eyes are soft brown, but this mere conversation is making them golden and shiny. "I'm amazing. I haven't felt this good in such a long time." He readjusts his hands so they're behind his back. Locked, so he's ready for Jaspers return. Bella will be with him I hope. I don't like not being with her, but I feel safe with Edward. I glance around the room. It's luxurious and decorated in deep colours, with a large king size bed at the back, and with a few sofas around where we are. I'm not surprised that when I study the bed there are cuff near each post. Someone likes to be restrained. But I wonder which one. There's also a t.v off to the side, surrounding that are expensive speakers and a large cabinet, holding all of their films, and and god knows what else. Jasper is also a lover of art, so there are pictures of beautiful landscapes around the room. Quite a contrast to it's dark demeanour. I see Edward again, he's still talking happily about Jasper. "I know you and Bella haven't made it official just yet, but when you do be prepared for your eyes to be opened up. It feels fucking incredible to be looked after so well, you have no worries and the responsibilities that you're master gives you are fantastic with extremely fulfilling rewards." He's full of glee. He signed a contract with Jasper? "When did you sign it?" I inquire curiously. He shuffles, his ankles are starting to hurt, but his stance doesn't waver and he stays seated. "Nine days ago I believe. We had been talking about it for a while, both deciding if it's what we wanted to do. It took a while to write it, making it up to both of our standards and expectations. But it was worth the wait." I'm happy he's happy. I can tell he's been wanting this for ages. I'm not surprised, they've been together for nearly four years. "Have you been thinking about developing your relationship with Bella that way?" I shrug. I'd rather not give a committal answer right now. I'd rather have this discussion with Bella before with anyone else. "No. But I'm open to it." His smile drops a little. "In my opinion I think it would be a very good thing." I don't understand why but I certainly do think about it. More than I probably should. I cross my arms over my stomach and cross my legs. I want Bella to hurry up, but she's probably catching up with Jasper. I can manage a few more minutes without her, but I can't help but want her arms around me. I can hear faintly Bella's heels on the hallway nearing the door. The wooden floor easily amplifies the