Fifty Shades of Cullen. "Miss Cullen will see you now." About time. I've been here for what feels like hours. The seat I was offered has been very uncomfortable and has made my ass numb, I try and rub it discretely when I get up, hoping to ease the irritating numbness. All the time I've been sitting here, I've been handed one measly glass of water by the snobby blonde behind the marble desk who has barely even glanced at me. Her outfit puts mine to shame, I didn't think I'd have to classy to come here. She never warned me about that. So I quickly donned on my black and white sneakers, white polo top, black jeans and a jacket thos morning before I left. The blonde has really been doing much. She's been on the phone or buffering her nails most of the time, anything to avoid doing her actual job. The man sitting next to her however has been answering the phone when it rings, typing up on the mac in front of him and even doing the girls job from what I can tell. He seems sweet. He has short curly hair, pale face and beautiful eyes that I can tell are brown from all the way over here. He seems to smile naturally when he answers the phone yet his face goes oddly calm when he looks at the woman next to him, who is now looking in a small mirror, checking her mascara. He sighs in annoyance before turning back to the screen, his fingers typing away incredibly fast. When I first came in he smiled at me. A quirky smile and bashed his lashes from the seat he as perched on behind the desk. He asked me what time my appointment was the told me to take a seat and gestured where the 'comfy' looking chairs were. They were near a window. A Charming Southern accent poured from his mouth when he spoke, it suited him perfectly. He had said I wouldn't be waiting long, but that was,of course a lie. As always. People tend to lie. I was expecting this time to be different. I didn't even want to be here in the first place. I'm doing this little interview as a favour to a friend for her magazine. She practically begged me to and told me she'd make me a coffee every morning for a extra cream and three sugars. Just how I like. She only asked me because her brother needed her help moving, and she couldn't make it, but she couldn't pass up an opportunity to get an exclusive interview with Miss Cullen. Chances like this hardly ever happen, she was in shock when she was first told that her interview request had been accepted. And since she was like a sister to me, here I am. Standing in front of a big fancy office, double doors glaring at me, a clipboard in my hand and the clear plastic cup in the other, and with the head of a multinational corporation sitting on the other side, waiting for me to enter. She's probably getting impatient wondering why I'm taking so long. Oh shit! I push the door open with the hand holding the clipboard, taking a step forward. I go to say hello and introduce myself but I promptly stand on my shoelace, fall to the floor, spilling the leftover contents of the plastic cup over her carpet and landing flat on my face. The door closes behind me quietly. I'm hoping no one saw that. Dear God, I really hope no one saw that. My face flushes with embarrassment. Oh god, why me?! Why did this have to be me! A little polite cough makes me look up. Behind the desk is a woman. Shorter than I thought. Pale. She looks amused. She has an alluring feeling about her. Enticing. I flush and climb to my feet. Disregarding the water I've nerves too shot to care. My shaky hands brush at my clothes wiping away the invisible dust, anything to distract myself and calm my nerves. My cheeks are burning. I must look so stupid to Miss Cullen right now. I'm such an idiot. "Are you okay?" I nod dumbly, barely registering her words, and take the seat in front of her desk, My feet graze the floor gently. I really wish I wore something else. Here she is, gorgeous, in a beautiful suit, and here's me, looking like I've been dragged through a trailer park backwards. She raises an eyebrow at me, a sexy finely trimmed eyebrow. I gulp. The corner of her lip pull up and her beautiful golden eyes are glimmering, dancing with amusement. I nod again, opening and closing my mouth a couple times. It would appear all of my words must have fallen out of my head when I hit the floor. She smiles softly at me, her eyes calming. Her soft lips catch my attention and I blink a few times. Her teeth are so white, they look very strong like they could bite very hard. "I'm sorry about that, the uhm fall." I say quietly and open my clipboard, my shaky hands stilling gradually. I pull the pen from the strap and hold it between my fingers delicately. There're so many questions on this bit of paper. I haven't had time to read them though. "No need for apologies. It's perfectly alright." She crosses her legs, her fingers clasp in her lap. No rings I note. "You must be Miss Bella Swan." She states. I nod again, my words catching in my throat. "I was under the impression I would be meeting an Angela Webber." She says pointedly. I cross my legs, mimicking her earlier action, trying to relax under her curious gaze. She seems to be having an internal struggle, her emotions are showing easily through her eyes. I can see straight through her professional facade. Oh, she asked something, right. "You were going to speak to Angela, but I'm afraid something came up last minute. A family affair." Her clasped hands tighten. "I hope she's okay. She seemed very insistent and happy about this interview." Her voice deepens. She seems slightly irritated but brushes it off and replaces it with her what I assume is a reoccurring look for her. Happiness. It doesn't look real though. A mask. "She's alright. That's why I took her place, she didn't want an opportunity like this to go by." She smirks, leaning forward. "And what opportunity would that be, Miss Swan?" Her eyes deepen and my words can't make it passed my lips. Her neckline for her shirt is low, exposing her collar bones as well as her breasts. They're sticking out the top of her tightly bound white button shirt, pert and soft. Her blazer is rolled up over her elbows exposing her soft creamy skin. I immediately divert my eyes to her window. The blinds are up and the city below is beautiful. Such a wonderful view. "Miss Swan? You didn't answer my question." She inquires after a few seconds of silence. I regain my composure, something that seems to disappear easily around her, then face her again. "Uhm-Uuh." Is this a trick question? I don't know how I can answer this. She chuckles to herself. "What other questions do you have on that piece of paper there?" She glances down at my hands, my fingers had dropped the pen. I hastily pick it up. "Uhm well." Right questions, I quickly scan the next question before looking into her eyes. "So to who do you owe your success?" "Ooh, that's an easy one. My parents. They've supported me through so much, they've raised me to be the brave and confident woman I am today and I'm so thankful for that. They've lifted me up so high that nothing can touch me, that I feel invincible. They make me want to be the best I can be." I wasn't expecting that. I quickly scribble down her words as accurately as I can, memorising how she said it and if she put emphasis on anything. "Thank you." She nods for me to continue. "Most people would say -" Damn it Angela"-that you're quite reserved, a loner even. You're not often seen with anyone in public. Is there another person in your life that you're keeping a secret?" She laughs. "You mean a lover?" I blush and drop the pen...Again. "I didn't w-write these questions!" "No matter. But no, I don't have anyone in my life like that, who I'm involved with romantically. Even if I did why should I tell you, why would I let you publish it? Such things should be kept private, for only those involved to be aware of." I shudder, her eyes turning cold, my skin trembles and I back away and sink into my chair. "You see I like to keep my private life, private." "I understand. I'm sorry I asked." "Don't worry so much. What other questions do you want to ask me?" I open my mouth to read the paper, but she silences me, "Your questions Miss Swan. Is there anything you're curious about?" If I'm honest, no. I hardly even know who she is. I just had a quick debriefing from Angela the other day about who she is. I hardly even knows what she does in this building, this skyscraper of hers. There has to be so many departments and sections, it's like a maze. Just getting up to this floor was a menace. "By the expression on your face, I'll take that as a no." "Can I uhm read some more of these questions Miss Cullen?" I ask as the silence continued on longer than I would like. With her allowance to continue, I start reading them. I glance down and before I can stop it the most inappropriate question spills from my mouth."Are you gay?" What the fuck Angela. I'm going to kill you! I groan internally and nearly slap myself in the face until she starts to laugh, her eyes watering and she holds her stomach. "Just wow." Oh god. I should just leave now, throw myself back on the floor and blend into her carpet. Fuck. "If you really want to know, then yes, I am gay. A lesbian. Whatever you want to call it." I can't believe it but my hands write down what she says. Her watery eyes never leaving mine. She catches her breath and we sit in silence for a while. It's not awkward, just peaceful. It feels natural. I can feel her eyes on me as I looks down at the questions. I can hardly believe some of these. So inappropriate. I wonder why shes staring at me. Through this entire meeting she's barely taken her eyes of me. A breif thought comes to mind, that maybe she likes me but it quickly flies out of my head. Someone like her would never go for someone like me. We're complete opposites. She looks to be rich, a billionaire probably, owns an entire sky scraper, thousands of people working for her, a loving family, any thing she could want. I don't even come close to that. I live in an apartment with my best friend, my parents disowned me, I have trouble getting by and I work to jobs. It's a struggle. I bet she's never had to feel like this. "How personal are these questions?" I gulp. "Uhm well they're not exactly all about your job." Her eyes are so beautiful, they make me nervous. Her lips look so luscious. I bet they taste incredible. Stop it! The click of the door handle being pushed down gets my attention. Thank god. "Alice?" I cough into my hands. A man enters her office. He's tall, blonde, and walks behind the desk and gives her a hug. No minding that he's interrupting. He doesn't even see