Authors note: Hey guys, here's another one of the stories that I've written over the holidays, but unlike a few of the others this one will be a complete story, it's not just a one-shot. This is an Alice and Bella story, well it will be eventually. I've rated it M because of the language, rape, sex and other things aswell. Summary: Alice, is in a nightmare. Living it constantly all because her parents thought that she was crazy and sent her away with a man they didn't even know. While she's there she has visions on a girl with red eyes. She doesn't know her, but she's holding onto the hope that she can free her from this place. Disclaimer-I don't own twilight or any of its characters, I'm merely borrowing them. CHAPTER 1 There's someone over there, she has dark hair and as is leaning against a building. The building is alive with soundless noise. A loud beat blasting through the gap every time the door opens. She looks back and forth at every person who walks in and out of the building. Her eyes scan them over, girls and guys alike. I'm guessing she's waiting for someone. She turns her head, the light off the street lamp across the road shows her stunningly beautiful face and blood red eyes. A wisp of her hair is dangling in front of her face, cutting down the middle of her smirk. It's almost as if she knows I'm watching. She smiles softly at a man as he saunters passed into the building. The man, he's taller than he with black curly hair but golden eyes. He smiles cheekily and tightens the grip on the blonde that he has his arm around. She follows in after them, sparing a look at the dancers on the stage then at the girl at the bar; the pretty red head that is serving the drinks. The red head looks over the Crowd and winks at the brunette. The brunette smirks and turns around. She looks straight at me and smiles a crooked grin that bares her sharp teeth. She moves towards the crowd, quickly becoming invisible amongst the throng of dancing, sweaty people. I lose her through the loud music and dancers; it's hard to follow her. Bell like laughter gets my attention and I move my eyes to the other side of the room. I catch her eyes briefly and track her as she leads someone out of the building to a neighbouring alley. The couple are there, leaning against the stone wall as she buries her face into the neck of the now screaming person. But it's not the scream of one of terrible pain, quite the opposite actually. I scream and clutch my neck, the sound rattles through the room, seeming to shake its entire foundation. The metal door swings open, nearly silent apart from the creaks of its hinges. A large burly man walks in, fierce scowl in place. His apron is tight around his stomach, the blood stains, new and old barely show up on the stained fabric. He wipes his dirty mouth with the back of his hand and kneels in front of me. When the fuck did I get on the floor, I swear I fell asleep in my bed. He scowls and smacks my cheek hard. My head snaps to the side and I split out blood, vision going blurry for a couple of seconds. "I thought I fucking told you to keep that mouth of yours shut." He grabs my short black hair and tugs me up to his face. My body dangles freely, his tight grip on my hair is the only thing holding me up. "Huh? You bitch." I grimace, the stench that pours from his mouth makes bile rise in my throat. And it takes all I have to force it down. He would hit me for sure if I throw up on him. He slaps my other cheek this time and let's go of my hair, I fall to the floor and land painfully. My cheek throbs at the contact. I know another bruise is going to form. He chuckles and drags my over to the corner of my room, the space in between the end of my bed and the wall. He glances behind him at the door and goes over to shut it nearly all the way before walking back over to me and kneeling in-between my legs that he spreads wide. His black hair is matted to his square face, grease and grime making it stick to his scalp easily. He smiles at me and strokes his hand down the side of my face, then my neck. I resist a grimace, but he makes me shiver at the contact. He's always made me uncomfortable and always will. I also have a feeling that his horrid face will haunt me even after I'm free of this nightmare. He tugs my shirt up until it hits the underside of my breasts. My far too skinny stomach is exposed for him to leer at. I look down; there is one long scar that stretches from one side of my stomach to the other, above the waist band of my trousers. His dirty fingers dance along the jagged scar while his other hand tugs on my trousers. The bastard is probably testing how loose they are, to see if he can fuck me then leave and have me dressed as quickly as possible. I can feel it, feel what's about to happen. His eye bore into my own light brown ones, his hand travels lower, under my thin underwear. He grins maliciously, and starts to stroke me. I don't react; I don't even look away from his eyes. The look on his face is disgusting...I don't want this to happen, I never even wanted to be in this place. My stupid parents, never bloody listened to me, made me come here. And I hate them for it. He unties his apron, throws it to the floor carelessly, unbuckles his trousers and frees himself. The relief he must feel is not surprising, considering his length and how tight his trousers are. His eyes roll back as he starts to stroke himself. His hand pumps up and down on his hard member, pre-cum flowing from the tip. He does this for a few minutes, hips jutting every now again and he releases a few moans of desire. Whatever he is imagining must be pretty fucking slutty. I would bet that his boyfriend probably doesn't want to fuck him anymore. I chuckle under my breath, his eyes snap open and he looks down at me. His rough fingers that were stroking me are taken away and put by my head on the wall. I'm completely cornered. "You're so fucking beautiful, Mary Alice." He looks at me as he gets himself off. I nearly laugh with how little time it takes. He grunts as he releases his load all over his hand and my stomach. His breathing is heavy and I just lie here until he tells me to get up. He presses me up against a wall, and glances to the half open door. His eyes are weary. Even though he's looking out the room, it doesn't mean he doesn't have the courage to shove three of his fingers inside of me. His face rests on the top of mine, eyes always on the door. He says the vilest things to me until I come against my will. I don't make a sound as he wipes it off his fingers and onto his apron and leaves. When the door is locked and bolted I sink to the floor. Tears that I wouldn't let fall, are now flowing freely. I sob dryly and clutch my chest. It hurts so fucking much, and it's utterly humiliating. Every time he comes in here, it's either to take me to the doctor's office for my 'therapy' or to get himself off. Neither of them are pleasant. "13058976" The speaker in the corner of my room voices. I quickly use my blankets on my bed to wipe the stuff of my stomach. I then dry my face and stand back from the door just as it swings open. Another man walks in, similar to the one that was in here early. He's older though, and has longer hair. He also dresses a lot smarter. "Good morning Mary Alice." He looks around my tears stained face and grins. "I trust you slept well." His smile is wild and untamed. His eyes are thin, and black. He walks into my room and looks around. He takes note of the cleanliness of the brown coloured room. My bed, my dresser and wardrobe are all tidy to the best that I can with what I have. There is nothing on the floor, not even a pair of socks. The only thing that is out and not tidied is a mirror that sits on the top of my dresser. "I slept fine." I say curtly and look behind him to his two body guards. Their eyes under their masks betray nothing of what they are thinking, nothing about how they feel about what they're doing. For all I know they could be hating every minute of this. "Good good, now come with us. Your breakfast is ready." He extends his pale hand. I have to take it. His fingers interlace with mine and he leads me out the room. I nearly laugh as he looks left then right every other second. Is he scared? No, he couldn't be. Nothing has scared him at all since I've been here. Hmm, wonder what's coming after him, making him so paranoid. The body guards behind us take out their weapons then we enter the food hall. I hear the near silent click of their guns as they turn the safety off. The loud noiseless chatter can drive anyone crazy. I laugh, I'm already crazy so do I count? I'm seated on a bench at a table with no other occupants and a tray of food is out in front of me. "Eat up." He smiles and takes a seat across from me. The guards leave the table but stay in the room, keeping an eye out for a few of the 'patients' that love to cause trouble. I take a forkful of the disgusting food and swallow without tasting it. I keep doing this all the time that he's watching me eat. She's running, dodging trees and moving faster than anything that I've ever seen. She leaps over a large raging river and lands high up on a branch, without it snapping from her weight. She looks out over the trees, the expanse of the forest that stretches on for as far as the eye can see. She looks over her shoulder; her now dark golden eyes stare straight into my soul."I'm nearly there." She smirks and steps a foot of the branch and takes a leap of faith to the ground several dozen feet below. I blink and I'm staring back at the face of the greasy bastard that owns this place. He looks down at my empty tray then back up to me. He knows about my visions, and he knows that I can see the future subjectively. He's not freaked out about it like many of my neighbours and relatives are. No, he loves it. But I'm not sure why. It's not like I can benefit him, I can't even control when I have visions, they just happen. "Now you're finished go down to the kitchen and help her with whatever she needs you to do. Maybe then I'll let you have a shower, on your own if you're good." I nod and leave the room. The grey walls around me are starting to make my sense of colour fade. Since the only colours I