Enjoy. BEEP BEEP...BEEP BEEP. My hand slams down onto it; silencing the jealous machine. I swear every time I manage to fall asleep peacefully it fucking gets irritated and decides to make its presence known by screaming at me. I sit up and rub my eyes before opening them. My rooms blurry, everything is scattered around, drawers are open, and the wardrobe is over flowing. Books are covering my desk and the lamp is missing its purple shade. "Breakfast is ready." I throw the blanket off and sit down at the island just as Charlie places a plate of delicious smelling pancakes in front of me. I grab the honey and drizzle it over then I sprinkle a bit of sugar over them. He smiles and kisses Renee on the cheek. The warm morning light glows in from the window, illuminating the kitchen with a warm yellow colour giving the room a family feel. I start eating as they talk. Charlie has to go out of town to Seattle, something about the riot and murder counts going up. The police there say that they need all the help they can get. My plate evaporates and I reach over to take the orange juice. Paying no mind that it's just vanished and my breakfast was on it. I no longer feel hungry any way. It's cold, fresh with no bits, just the way I like it. "See you later honey. Have a good time. Stay safe." Renee says to Charlie. She gets up and places a hand on his cheek. I frown and look down at the cup. The fresh orange juice is now a blood red with bits of black gunk swirling around in it. I gag, and cover my mouth with the palm of my hand. "Hey mum?" I look up and freeze, tears escape and fall over my cheeks slowly. My mother is frozen in place, blood pouring from her mouth, her eyes and her ears. I sob, using that to try and cover my pained scream. Half of the skin on her face has been ripped off showing the red muscles underneath. She smiles at me and holds out a jug with more juice. "Here you go dear." I watch the orange juice slowly fade colour and turn to thick blood with chunks of something in it. I gag. What the fuck is happening? I jump back and fall onto the sofa as she walks forward. I scurry further away until I'm hiding somewhat safely behind it. She looks offended, her arms crossed, peering down at me. "What's wrong Bella? Don't you want any more?" Her neck tilts awkwardly, more blood spills from the gaping hole in her face as she growls out her words. She bares her sharp but rotting teeth at me and I can see that she is no longer my mother. I cover my mouth as I shriek, not wanting to believe the horrifying sight before me. She lunges, dropping the drink. The jug shatters on the floor, the gore inside splatters everywhere, soaking into the beige carpet. The sound of my scream rings in the air as she latches on and sinks her teeth into my shoulder. "AHHHHH!" I bolt up, silencing my scream straight away and grabbing my knife and pistol. Pointing it around, looking toward every rustle, every shift in movement and or sound. My heart is racing. I sigh and flop down, dropping the weapons onto my muscled stomach and relaxing as much as I can in this hellish world. I try my best to calm my breathing as well as keeping an eye out for them. I look over to my companions, I smile when I see that she's asleep. He probably went to check around. I let out a breath of relief and look up at the stars above. They're shining just as they're supposed to. I guess they're the only things that haven't changed since this all started about eighteen months ago. You see there was this virus that consumed everything. They called it 'RAGE', it was developed in a 'top secret' lab. Stupid idea to even create the fucking thing if you ask me. The scientist that did it though said that they were making it so they could find a cure if the need should have ever risen, but it somehow escaped and turned ordinary people into mindless savage monsters with a hunger for the flesh of the living. I shudder; thinking about a few of the close calls that I've had. And they were really close calls. If it weren't for these two I probably would be dead by now. I owe them alot. I cover my eyes with my arm and start to breathe deeply. The knife poised back in my hand as I slowly drift back to my nightmare filled sleep. "Get up you idiot, we need to move." My shoulders grabbed and I'm hauled to my feet half asleep. Victoria smirks at me. James just grins at us while holstering his guns and checking his left over ammo. "Something alerted a herd, they're moving this fucking way and unless we want to be breakfast we need to leave now." Crap. It wasn't me they heard was it? Oh well, nothing I can do about it now. I nod and gather my things. I swear I have never moved faster in my entire life. Groans and screeches reach my ears and we all do something so very simple, and effective if executed properly. It's actually commonly used in situations like this... We leg it. But they are fast little buggers, I can even see them when I glance over my shoulder. Stupid fucking bastards. "Vick, we're going to have to kill some of these off. They're gaining on us." I yell frantically. She nods and starts firing away, hitting bull's-eye every time. Even James starts shooting. Not that his aim is any good, he's usually way off target and is wasting ammo. But it seems he's starting to get the hang of it at last. Brain splatters everywhere, covering the roads and the creatures of rage drop to the floor like the dead that they are. I chuckle but I too start firing as well, taking almost all of my concentration and putting it on shooting rather than where my feet land. I smirk after a few minutes of firing. I'm actually quite good at this. But the smugness goes to my head because my foot gets caught in something and I trip over. To the concrete road. On my face. Hard. Vicky and James pause briefly, eyes full of fear. I want to say 'go on without me. Save yourselves, I'll distract them with my pitiful life' but instead I shout at them. "Don't just fucking stand there. Help me the fuck outta here." They blink away whatever irrational thoughts they were having about leaving me and run over, panting and covered in sweat. Whatever is holding my foot they unlatch it and help me to my feet. But they're too late, they're nearly here. I count more than twenty left in the brief glance I give them. "Move out the way." Someone cries. My head shoots up and I dart my curious and slightly shocked eyes around. Something catches in the corner of my sight. There are people in the houses all around the us. I notice a few of them in a window. They're covered in black body gear and are taking positions which looks to have been done many times before. I look at James and Vicky, they're staring at me before both having a silent conversation. They take off running again only to jump behind a car and start shooting the fuckers. I do the same, but I run up onto a porch that's not occupied and duck behind the planks of wood that are boarding it up. I rest the gun on the fence and look down the sight. They're running passed the house with staggering footsteps. I smile and pull the trigger. They drop one by one, loud bangs echoing throughout the empty road. I know I'm going to regret not having a silencer but that can wait for now. It only takes a few minutes until they're all dead. I lean back against the house and a couple seconds later the door swings open. People emerge, guns strapped and pointed. I hold my breath when this one girl points her rifle at me with a glare. This other guy with black hair puts his hand on her shoulder and slowly eases her away from me so I can stand up and lean on the railing. Vicky and James walk over as the other people join us. There are about ten of us standing around, including us three and the family. They take off their armour but don't drop their weapons, especially the blonde that looks like she'll enjoy shooting me, or maybe just smacking me around the head with it. There's also a blonde man, clearly older than the others. Also a pale woman with straight black hair reaching way passed her shoulders, she's smirking and has her arms over a bronze haired man, he's watching me carefully, his weapon isn't raised but he has his hands clasped around the trigger. Another woman is sitting on a car to the left of them, gun pointed at me and no expression on her face. Her clothes are skin tight and dirty, her red hair isn't any better. A few steps behind them is a short girl, gorgeous eyes with short dark brown hair. She's smiling at me and waves slightly. I raise an eye brow at that. It's not often to see that small act of kindness from a complete stranger. No gun is un-holstered let alone aimed at me and my companions. "Stand down." The older blonde man orders. Not all of them are happy with it but they do without complaint. The blonde man looks at us three in turn "Sorry about them, they're just really on edge. And not all of them take to new people." I nod in understanding, if I was in their position I might do the same thing. "Don't worry about it. Its fine, we all lived." The big burly guy chuckles, only to receive a smack from the glaring blonde. "I'm Bella by the way. And these two are Victoria and James. We did have another but he left us a while ago." Regret spikes my heart, and I wince a little. He smiles at us. "Well I'm Carlisle, and this here is my family. This is Rosalie and Emmett." Emmett grins at me. "Over there is Keira and Jasper and Naomi. And lastly is Alice." This girl Alice walks forward a bit until she's seated on the fence next to where I'm leaning. I smirk at her she grins back and I wink. What? Don't judge me she's pretty cute. "Well if we're done here." Victoria claps her hands and starts to back away with James's arm around her waist. I go to step to them but she holds her hand up, stopping me before I even reach the steps. "Stay here Bella." I frown. "Why should I. I'm with you two." She chuckles and kisses James' cheek. "No honey, you're not. Not anymore, you'd be better off here." She's not smiling as she says it, and I can see she really doesn't want to say this. I look at her 'boyfriend'. Her dirty red hair is mangled but as James tangles his hand in it, it glides through with ease. I raise an eyebrow and blink. His hands are now on his waist and he's looking away from us, blood pouring from the corners. I stupidly jump back startled, I smack into something hard making me wince. Fucking wall. Alice eyes me with concern which I choose to ignore. I wipe the sweat of