This story is going to be and Alice/OC story F/F, and my OC is going to be Keira Greene. The story will be written from her point of view. Oh and just to say that this story will have quite a few (lot) flash backs. I'm sorry if that bothers you but it is necessary. They won't happen in every chapter, but they will happen quite a bit. And I've also changed Alice's date of birth, and the year she was changed, it was kind of a necessity for the story. Sorry if that bothers you, Before you start reading there are a few things that you should know about the vampires in this story: After a vampire reaches a certain age (Differs for every vampire) the sparkling in the sun starts to fade. I found that to be very strange and to an extent quite annoying, in twilight so I decided to change it. Newborns aren't stronger than any other vampire when first turned because all others vampires strength, speed etc, are improved over time with training and experience, where as a newborns have only be turned so they'll be weaker than the rest unless have the proper training. Vampire's that feed off humans are stronger than vampire's who feed of animals, that is due to them drinking their natural food source, it's more nutritional for them than animals are. Vampire's are able to cry, sleep and faint/collapse but nearly all of them think it's a nuisance and a waste of time, so they refrain themselves from doing so. But they can't through up or catch any colds or illnesses. I would say more about the vampires, but I'm afraid I can't since that if I did it would spoil some things that are later to come. Thanks for reading this authors note, and I hope you enjoy the story. I will be updating every couple of weeks, so you won't need to wait that long for another chapter. Enjoy :) Disclaimer: I own nothing apart my OC's, Stephanie Meyer owns the rest. CHAPTER 1-Welcome to Forks, sunny with a side of sparkly vampire I look out the window as I drive, at the thick green forest surrounds the road; it seems to go on forever. It wouldn't surprise if it did. I push my foot down harder on the accelerator and speed my car up, hoping to get to my house before the weather get any worse. A few more minutes pass and I spot a dull and dirty sign that says 'welcome to Forks', I scoff. Thanks for that information. A clap of thunder makes me jump. "For fuck sake. Someone is going to have to remind me while I'm moving here, again." I say to the quiet of my car. I shrug when not hearing anything back, not that I expected to. I reach my hand out and turn the heating on; even though I don't feel the cold it makes me seem at least semi-normal. A bump in the road makes groan, I just had to come to this place. Well I'm not even in the town yet and I already want to leave, this place is going to suck. I just know it. I lean forward and put on a c.d maybe music will help me cheer up. I flick over to track three and smile as I start to sing along. I see a few buildings up ahead and slow down, I'd hate to cause a scene so early upon my arrival. I drive through the first street and chuckle. "I know my car is gorgeous, but does everybody feel the need to stare at it." I'm not even joking. Everybody glances at my car as I drive through the town. I go through the small town and out too another main road in a matter of minutes, I take a left off the road and follow a narrow dirt path before it opens up into a clearing. I grin widely. I practically squeal as I hop out of my car and run to the steps of my gorgeous house. It's turned out much better than I thought it would. . I knew those humans I employed could do it, but they could have done it quicker, I have been waiting months for them to finish. I sigh, but with the size of the house it's understandable. They are pathetic weak humans after all. I look up at the house. It has three floors (Including the ground floor), most of the building is glass, and what isn't, is finely polished mahogany wood. I open the large glass front door and walk in. It's all open space with the living room, straight ahead, a kitchen further in the room and off to the left. I have a games room on the first floor with the pool, the bedroom and bathrooms are on the second floor. There is a four car garage to the side of the house and there is a gym on the second floor next to the pool. I love having money, that's got to be the best part about living this long. Well one of the best that's for sure, but it'll always come second best to the amazing sex. Since we don't need rest or get tired it is much more enjoyable and pleasurable than what any human could ever experience. I realise that I've stayed on the front steps and I haven't moved an inch causing me to frown. I really need to kick my habit of daydreaming. I frown, but turns back to my car. I smile, I might as well take a gander at the 'town', well what there is of it anyway. I walk back out of my house and back along the dirt road. I look up at the sky, the rain hasn't gotten any worse, it's actually gotten better much to my relief. Thank you, whoever the heck is up there; because I can't stand the rain. You would think with me being a vampire that I would like the cold, the wet, snow and ice and all that crap, but no. I can't stand being wet, it makes my clothes stick to me and it's uncomfortable. And when it's cold I have to breathe and make myself appear human, it is so annoying to have to do, and I almost forget to do it sometimes. Well when I hang around humans that is, since they tend to notice on little things, like me not breathing for an example. This doesn't happen often, since I don't like befriending humans, but the ones I've had have turned out to be friendly and trust-worthy people. I sigh, but that's all changed now, and I don't plan on making friends any time soon. I shake my head my long black hair scattering everywhere. I pull it back into a ponytail and tuck it under my hood as I pull it over my head and zip up the front of it hastily. I do a quick scan of the woods and when I'm positive that no-one is around I break out into a run. I love running. It's my favourite pass time, I also love baseball and blood. Not the foul tasting animal blood that some 'vegetarian' vampires drink. God no, that stuff is disgusting. If I could have been sick from drinking it, I would have thrown it up everywhere the last time I tried the vile crap. I prefer the warm thick blood straight from the source, a human. I love how they squirm and cry as I bite into them, the smell of fear as they know that they're going to die. Fuck. I feel the burn of my thirst build up in my throat, I know my eyes are turning black. I can feel them change and cloud over into a black ink colour, almost as dark as the night sky that will soon take over the sky. I need to hunt, but not before I take a look around, and I can't very well do it in daylight, even if it is evening now. The wind picks up and I pull my hoodie tighter around my body as I run. The wind whips around me and I have trouble keeping my hood on top of my head to keep my hair from knotting and getting all tangled up. I reach the man road in a matter of seconds and I cross over. I hear the sound of the cars as they roam around, mindless people talking, there a feet rustling, the sound of people shuffling inside of their coats. I hear laughing and grin. I zone in on the laughing and walk around the town until I reach where it's coming from. It's a bar. Great. Now all I have to do is wait. For the record, I hate waiting. I walk over the road so I can sit on a bench and watch the bar. The laughing gets louder after a couple of minutes and a few guys run out, stumbling over their own feet. I groan. It can't be them; it's still too bright for me to feed yet. I close my eyes and lie down on the hard bench. I can feel the metal digging into my back and frown, that's just what I need while I wait. My eyes are blurry when I sit up, the sky is also black and the streetlights are on. Looks like I fell asleep. I stretch my arms above me making my back crack. I groan, maybe I missed my chance. The door opens a few seconds later and I lock my eyes onto the drunken man who stumbles out. He has clouded blue eyes, a stupid smile plastered on his face, and blonde hair. He trips over his own feet and falls on the pavement. I hear a smack and him laughing, but he doesn't move he just lays there. Stupid ass. He better get up otherwise I'm just going to walk over to him, pick him up and drag him into the next secluded area I find. I see a woman strut passed him quickly, she spares a glance down at him and her wary eyes dart back up at the street. I glare at the druken man as his eyes follow her. He clumsily clambers to his feet and staggers after her. His breathing is heavy and his eyes are going darker. I glare, stupid douche. If he's actually is thinking about what I think he's thinking about, I'm going to smack him. Maybe it's good idea that I do this. I'd rather him be dead than him living and raping that girl. I stand up off the bench and follow him as he follows her. I stick to the shadows and I speed up as he turns a corner. I end up following him down and alley. Original, I know. The girl starts to run and so does the ass. I pick up my speed and launch myself into him and push him against the wall. I cover his mouth as he screams and whimpers and turn to watch the girl to make sure she's run away from here. I smile when I see her run around the corner, and hear her not stop running for about another street or two. Good. I turn back to the whimpering man...uh-boy. As I get a closer look at him I realise he can't be no more than eighteen years old. I remove my cold pale hand from his mouth glide it down his cheek and under his jaw. I sigh, poor boy. "W-what a-re you d-doi-oing." He manages to say in a small broken voice, which slurs, and if I didn't have my excellent hearing I wouldn't have been able to make out what he was saying. I chuckle darkly, his eyes go wide. He obviously noticed my fangs. Good, then