I check the small lightly decorated clock above the door. He's late. I've never been one for blind dates but with Angela's reassurane that it would all go fine, I couldn't refuse. She had told me all about him. Apparantly he's a publisher, very well known and intelligent. Handsome. And very lovely and easy to talk to. I have another sip of my coffee and take my time looking aorund the diner. It's not very big, but its nice. Calm. And there's a faint hum of acoustic music playing smoothly in the background. It reminds me of Jeremy. He was my roommate in college. He used to play a lot of acoustic guitar, he was pretty sweet and made the best coffee cake. He was a pretty funny guy too, and I got along very well with him. I also had a crush on him for a pretty long time. He just had this eyes you would melt into. And when he'd speak I'd lose mysef in his voice. His hair was always this perfect shape that framed his face, and his girlfriend used to run her hands throught it often making it messy which I really disliked. Oh that bitch. I hated her with a fiery passion. I place my coffe on the light oak table and tap the rim of the cup impatiently. I check the time again. He's still not here. He should be. My eyes stay glued to the clock, watching the hand tick by slowly. It's nearly fifteen mintues later the door below it opens. In walks this woman. She's beautiful. Very petite with this smooth skin. Models would be jealous of her figure. She has short perky black hair and a glowing smile. She glances down at her phone then looks around. I wonder who she could be looking for. Whoever that is, is a very lucky person. Her eyes lock on mine eventually and she smiles and starts to walk over. Wait, I look behind me at the other table seeing noone, I face her again she's srtill walking towards me, waving a mall dainty hand in my direction. I wave mine back hesitantly. She reaches my table and she's even more stunning up close. My mouth gapes open as she smiles at me. She has the most perfect little lips that part so beautifully as she grins. I stop staring at her mouth to look up into her eyes. They're the softest shade of brow a few shades lighter than her hair. Her eye lashes are so long and frame her eyes perfectly. Very long and thin, I don't even think she's wearing make up. Her eyes are sparkling, and under this light I highly doubt it's their fault their glowig so much. It seems natural for her eyes to look that way. "You must be Bella?" She asks and sits down opposite me. "I'm so sorry I'm late, I got held up at work. I didn't mean to keep you waiting." Her voice is so velvety smooth. So lovely. She grins at me and pulls her coat off. I'm still gaping as her coat hits the chair beside her and realise this with a slam of my lips closing. "Uhm hello." I say my voice shakey, "Who are you?" I ask. The smile drops from her face and her eyes lose that beautiful light that I saw mere moments ago. "I'm Alice." I still have no idea who she is. Have I met her before? She sees my confused look and decides to explain. "I'm your blind date." I'm going to kill Angela. "Didn't Angela tell you about me?" I feel a lump in my throat. "Of course she didn't, otherwise you wouldnt be this surprised." I swallow the lump, hurting my throat. "Uhm no she didn't." I stumble out of my mouth. I get up the off my seat. I nearly trip but brace my hands on the table and stop myself from falling over to the floor and making an idiot of myself. She looks shocked that I stood up so abruptly and jumps a little in her seat. "I've got to go." She opens her mouth just a little, her eyes full of sadness. "I don't know what Angela told you, but I'm uh, I'm not gay. Or lesbian, I'm not into women." Her face goes cold, and she no longer looks like the happy woman I just met. "Well I'll be sure to specify that with Angela next time we talk." "Uhm yeah. Well it was nice meeting you." I blush as I stumble out my words, barely managing to form my sentence. She smiles curtly and I feel her eyes on my back watching me run out of the diner. I'm sure I disturbed more than just Alice by my outburst and startling departure. The diner door slams shut behind me but I ignore it and start a brisk jog to my apartment which is a few blocks away. I get annoyed with all the people and by the time I'm at my door I have no effort to unlock it and instead slam on until Angela opens the door. I'm out of breath and my chest is heaving, I'm seeing red and push straight passed Angela when she opens it. Looking like she just got out of bed. "What the fuck were you thinking!" I yell at her hauling the fridge door open, grabbing a bottle of water. She laughs at me and leans on the counter in the kitchen. "I was thinking my friend needed to get laid and needed someone to be with so fucking too right I was setting you up." I glower at her and nearly crush the bottle in my hands. "She's a girl Ang. A fucking girl. I'm not gay." She snorts. "What?" I bark. "So you say." What is she on about. I raise an eyebrow at her ridiculous assumption. "You've never had a boyfriend, you've never even mentioned a guy you're interested in. All I get from you is friends from work, and nothing interesting. You've never been on a date that I know of and all your past reltionships I've heard of barely last more than I month." She barks back just as harsh but with a tinge of a smile in her voice. What a bitch. "And that gives you the right to set me up with her?" "She's sweet Bella. I thought you'd like her. And you're just her type." I groan and gulp down my water. The soothing cool liquid does nothing to cool my temper but it makes me breathe a little slower. "How do you know that?" I enquire barely containing my outrage. "Well she told me when I showed her this picture of you." She brings up the picture on her phone then dangles it infront of my face tauntingly. "Oh fuck off. You did this for your own ausement." I finish the water and throw the bottle at her. It smacks the side of her head, leaving no mark but right now I wish it did. I hear her sigh dramatically as I storm past and head off to my room. It's only down the hall, opposite Angela's. Her doors open. Her rooms so tidy compared to mine. I dont have the effort to clean it most of the time, and usually I'm busy at work. "Didn't you like her?" She calls. I stop in my tracks and turn to face her, the carpet under my booted feet scruffing up. My hand's braced over the door handle to my room. It's a little worn and old but it works just fine. "That's got nothing to do with this. I'm not gay." I state. She smirks. That devlish little smirk of her that she does when she thinks she's right. "Get off your high horse and think. Did you like her? Think she was pretty?" I groan and proceed intp my room, slamming the door. "This isn't over Bella." I chortle. This is definitely over. I'm not going out with Alice ever again. I'm not into girls. Never have been and never will be. Alice's innocent pixie like face flashes in my mind. How her heart looked so broken when I said I wasn't into girls. Angela must have got her hopes so high for me. How dare she. She had no right. And to think I was into girls. What a ludicrous idea. I'm strictly straight. Definitely not gay in the slightest. Her smile pops into my head and I smile slightly. She looked so happy when she saw me, I almost feel bad about leaving; but I couldn't stay. I couldn't lead her into something that could only end in disaster. We were never going to be together. I glance down at my outfit. Another thought occurs to me. Do I look gay? I see my blue and black H&M checkered shirt, Chanel black boots, black faded jeans and a studded belt I got from new look. I also had two cartilage ear piercings and black Dolce and Gabanna sunglasses on my head. My thick dark brown hair flows way past my shoulders and just about reaches the middle of my back. It's wavy and looks unbrushed most of the time but to be truthful I take great care of it. Eh, probably. Let me get one thig straight. I'm not against gay people, lesbian people, any of that but I'm just not one. I'm only into boys. Cute funny charming boys. I groan. I really can't imagine me with anyone female. I take the sunglasses of my head then pull my shirt and jeans off. Leaving me in my black lace underwear seat. I switch my nice going out clothes for grunge indoor clothes that consist of baggy shorts and a tank top thats a couple sizes too big for me. It's too hot to wear anything else. I fold thmy previous clothes and put them on my bed and slide my belt in a drawer and perch my glasses on a shelf above my T.V. I sit on my bed and run my hands through my hair. I'm such a horrible person. I should have just stayed and explained to her calmly I wasn't into women. Not scream it at her while leaving. Fuck. I probably embarrassed her. Not tomention I ruined whatever feelings she had for me and made them crash down around her. She looks so nice when I first saw her. And watching the smile slip off her face was horrible to watch. I still can't believe Angel did this. How she got her hopes up like that. I clench my fists, wincing when I pull my hair into a tight knot. "Ow!" I let go and collapse on my bed in a stressed out bundle of hair and loose clothes. My iphone buzzes to life and I stretch my arm out, searching for it on my night stand. I fumble around, sliding my hands over my keys pens before finding it. I pluck it up in my hands and bring it up to my face. After a few seconds of fuzzy blurriness it focuses. I have a text form an unknown number. I unlock my phone with ease and open it. 'I'm sorry about today. I didn't know. If I did I never would have come. I'm so sorry to drop you in that. You must have been so uncomfortable. I'll make it up to you. I'll buy you a coffee or something to make it up to you. If that doesn't sound good, just please accept my apology. It was nice to meet you.-Unknown' Alice? Did Angela give her my number? I really wish she would stop doing thing like this. It's none of her busniess who I date, or who I don't. I can't respond to the message, the very sincere and apologetic message and jump out my bed and