Idiots. All of them are mindless fucking idiots. Looking at me as if I'm the crazy one, as if I'm losing my mind. I laugh while shaking my head, my brown hair cascades over my forehead. I check the tightness of my cuffs that are binding my hands together behind my back. The once cold metal is now warm and is starting to dig into my skin with every tug and pull. They're still as tight as ever. "Guilty." I scoff. That was obvious. They all knew I was the one who done it. "Her sentence is as follows. Her life will be spent in the Washington state penitentiary with no chance of parole." A loud bang echoes and I'm hauled to my feet. Both of the gentlemen either side of me are strong and tough. They could probably hold their own against me if they tried really hard. I mean really tried, I may look small and weak just because I'm thin but I get so uncontrollable that it can be scary. I look up at the judge. The man looks ridiculous in his wig that he's trying to pass off as natural hair. I smirk at him. He shudders slightly and leans back in his thick leathery chair. A thought of running a sharp blade through his neck comes to mind and I snake my tongue out and lick my top lip slowly. They're dry, and the saliva on my tongue wets it making it shine slightly. His eyes express to me his fear and I bet he thinks himself lucky because of the small army of security in the room, all here to protect him and the bystanders. Fucking stuck up coward. "This way." Someone orders me while tugging on my arm. I'm pulled along out of the courtroom. Every single person is wary of us as I'm dragged around, and it probably doesn't help that I glare at them. The clink of my hand cuffs catching my attention every time they touch. The repetitive sound slowly engraving itself in the back of my mind with every few steps that I'm forced to take. We stop outside a room a few minutes later. There's a large metal door with several locks down the side of it and across the top. I peer into the room through the gap just before it swings open. The hands on my arms tighten slightly and another person appears out of nowhere and unlocks my handcuffs. I smile slightly and relish in the freedom. That is until the two men tighten their fucking grip on my arms. "Consider this home until further notice." His gruff voice barks into my ear. I snarl at him and go in the cell with a 'bit' of help. The door swings shut behind me with a hollow bang that vibrates through my chest. I glare at the cocky ass hole through the small gap, he's smirking at me. I growl and slam my hands on the door either side of where is head is. The impact making a loud bang and I bring my face as close as I can to his. "Consider yourself fucking lucky there's a door here asshole." I hiss menacingly at him. Saliva comes from his mouth through his cracked lips. I gag in disgust. He smiles and I spit in his face. He doesn't like that and scowls at me. I glare right back at him; I'm definitely not going to cower. He's just a fucking pussy hiding behind a door. "Don't worry darling. I do." He chuckles one last time then walks down the corridor whistling a fucking annoying tune. I slam my hands and head against the door and scream out my frustrations. The guys outside jump and I pound my hands against it again. "Shut up you lunatic." I chuckle harshly and lean my head against it, my breaths coming in hard pants making my chest heave. I grab my hair between my fingers and start pulling them and fraying the ends. I tie the strands around my fingers and glare at the empty space of the room in front of me. This place is dull and lifeless; it's actually giving me a headache. I screw my eyes shut tightly and ball my fists into a block and hit them against the floor repeatedly, counting every smack of the bruised flesh hitting the slabs. I swear I can hear them murmuring something, probably something nasty and uncalled for, but I continue doing it. Not for the purpose of annoying him, but for the sake of my sanity. You may think I'm crazy, but with every pound I find myself getting calmer. Though it's only a little bit, the hitting eases my pent up frustrations. I slowly open my eyes after no idea how long and stare at the bed, it has the worlds thinnest mattress on it and only a sheet. I stagger to my feet and ignore the dull stinging in my knuckles. I collapse on the bed. It's about as comfortable as it looks. I wrap the thin sheet around me and close my eyes. And for a moment I forget where I am. The cell goes beyond me and I picture myself at home, in my bed and talking to Angela. She's girl I've known since high school. My best friend. We'd talk about everything, even stupid little things like who we liked, or the teachers, sometimes our schedules for the year. That was always fun. She's a heck of a lot smarter than me so she had a few classes that I wasn't in, that annoyed us both. I then think of my mum and dad, but not of them arguing. But of them lying on the kitchen floor smothered in blood. Mine and their own. I nearly laugh as I think of their dead bodies, I know it seems crazy but they were not the nicest of people. They used to do things to me, such unimaginable things to do to your own daughter. I hate them for it. So I had to do it, I had to kill them. Angela was just collateral damage. But for a strange reason I don't feel any guilt, just an emptiness. I bleak and seemingly endless space of emptiness inside of me. I shout out something and kick my legs out. Lashing out always helps for some reason, and sometimes it feels good. So fucking good. I look to the door and see a guard peeking in at me. I smile. It's wide and very creepy looking on my face. His features drops and he goes back to his standing position. Ram rod straight back and hiding to the side of the door so I can't see him. I revert back to my relaxed face and lie down and close my eyes again. I really need to sleep. I've had such a long few days. That case dragged on for hours on end, and I'm glad it's over, I was about to lose my mind if I was in there any longer. I let out a slow breathe and begin to drift into a fitful sleep. "You know what I'm going to do. I'm gonna ask him myself, if he's going to be shy about it then I'm going to take charge." I lean back on the bench and look at her. She's so excited about prom. Well I can't say that I blame her, I am too. If they let me go that is. I've been asked by a few people already, both guys and girls and I'm really thankful for that. Gives me plenty of options, and gives me a chance to go with someone that I really want to. But that person has yet to ask. "Well I hope he says yes. You deserve it." I smile at her and loop and arm around her pulling her down into my lap. She chuckles. "Me too." Her own arm goes over my shoulder and we look out at the near empty field. This is our place. It lets us talk in peace and we know that no one will ever hear us. "I'll ask him at school tomorrow." She hops off me and dances around in a little circle. Her arms waving about happily and a pretty smile on her face. "Who are you going to go with?" I shrug. "With those delicious choices you have it's a hard pick." I laugh. "Hmm maybe you're right, but I really want to go with Lauren." She smiles broadly and continues her little dance. "Can I be there when you ask her?" "Can I be there when you ask Ben?" She raises an eyebrow. "Do you enjoy answering my questions with other questions?" She asks me. "Do you?" I fire back with a smirk. She chuckles and sits down on the grass, her legs bent and hands over her stomach. She nods. "I do hon. Now come down here. I'm lonely." I groan and join her, landing on my hands and knees. She chuckles at me and I flick her on the forehead. "Swan." I crack open my eyes just in time to see two guards stride in. Another man is following them a few steps behind. He waves at me and watches in interest as I'm slapped back into the handcuffs and hoisted out of the bed. A belt is wrapped around my biceps and is strapped tight, and I can't move my arms a lot. "Stupid fuckers." I hiss. They laugh at me. I thrash about and kick my legs around. They really are stupid fuckers. I catch the guard on the left in the stomach and he grunts. The man watching starts to back away, sweat glistening on his forehead. I smile and flick my hair back with a jarred movement of my head. "Who the hell are you?" "Brian." He stutters. God he's annoying. What is he even doing in here? He's like eighteen or something. I glare at the boy as I get dragged passed him and out of the room. Wait a minute, where are they taking me? I dig my feet into the ground and wince when a sharp pain shoots through my feet. The men chuckle and haul me off my feet. "Come on." I'm lifted off the ground by my arms and I kick my leg back, catching Brian in the nose as he follows behind. I chuckle and lay my head back to watch him as he collides with the ground. His eyes are glistening and I laugh at him. I stare down at me feet; they're covered in blood and are pretty badly bruised. Once of my nails are cracked down the side and I have an urge to rip it off. The men either side of me motion for some guy to open a door and he does hastily. I hiss at him as we pass but he doesn't even react. Wait? Were the fuck am I? I look around, it's a large room, full of pristine white tables with several black plastic chairs surrounding each one. Is it me or does this building seem to have an endless supply of bullshit in it? First I'm in a courtroom, then a fucking cell, now what looks to be a room full of crazies. Minus the actual crazies, just a room where they'd be put in. My hands behind my back are straightened out and I groan when something else is locked onto them, securing them above my elbow so their straight along my spine and are nearly unable to move. There are two entrances to the room that I can see. One is where we came in from and the other one is to the right of us, about five metres away. "Buck, why the fuck am I here?" I chuckle at the name I've given him and glare at the guy behind me.