Disclaimer: This is a work of fan fiction using characters from the Hunger Games trilogy, which is trademarked by Suzanne Collins. I do not claim any ownership over them or the world of the Hunger Games. Please do not sue me because I really have nothing so..! "This is team Alpha reporting in, we have all of them safely onboard. We are on course; over," Gale Hawthorne reported as he walked among the fragile and traumatized prisoners who were arranged systematically, in alphabetical order. Many of the prisoners were victors of the Hunger Games and some were aristocrats who rejected the games aggressively or as aggressively as people of the Capitol were capable of. However, what was truly startling was that none of these prisoners were spared; all of them were scrawny and malnourished, their skins thin and yellow, and their eyes were dull and lifeless. Indeed, an enemy to President Snow and the Hunger Games is an enemy to the Capitol. He gritted his teeth and shook his head as he reached the end of the order. There were more bodies at the end than in any other section and that was certainly understandable; these victims were tortured beyond recognition that it was near impossible to identify them. He glanced at the bodies, making a quick body count before picking up the clipboard to affirm the number of unidentified persons. He growled softly before exiting to return to the cockpit; for now his mission was complete. "President Coin, the teams have returned," a soldier, perhaps a colonel or equivalent, reported solemnly as he maintained a professional stance in front of the important revolutionists, "may I have permission to proceed to phase 2- identification?" A low whistle echoed through the room and all eyes landed on the victor. With his feet propped on the table, arms crossed across his chest and the chair balancing on its hind legs, was none other than the Mockingjay's mentor, victor of the Second Quarter Quell and 50th Hunger Games- Haymitch Abernathy. "Phew, saved us all a heck lot of trouble, yeah?" he grinned as he rocked forward, forcing the chair back onto all four and bringing his body closer to the table. "Don't have to be sending another bloody four teams out to collect your corpses, eh?" Crossing his fingers lightly, he propped his chin on his hands and stared coolly at the soldier from behind his long and dirty bangs, "What happened to returning in three weeks top?" His voice had turned cold and the stiff soldier began to tremble. It was understandable and even, forgivable for the soldier's subtle reaction to the victor. This was the victor President Snow wanted to break by killing and taking everything that was precious to Haymitch but even Snow never succeeded in breaking him completely because Haymitch was the catalyst that brought together their revolution plan. The Capitol wanted to tame and control him by indulging and encouraging his drinking but they never did tame him and certainly did not control him; some years he would accidentally hurt or even kill a Capitol citizen or two in his drunken stupor and there was nothing the Capitol could do because their own darling President Snow protected him. Nothing ever ran smoothly where Haymitch Abernathy was concerned and it seems to affect even friendly plans. His selfish choice to move ahead of plans without even consulting or informing anyone during the 75th Hunger Games nearly sent everything spiraling out of control; Plutarch had had to hastily prepare a hovercraft and they had to leave some of the victors behind were among the chaos he brought. However, on hindsight, his desire to move ahead allowed him to hijack a hovercraft albeit ruthlessly and rescue the Mockingjay as the Capitol swarmed rapidly into the arena. Perhaps it is this characteristic that made many wary and suspicious of him; he is alike a snake- deadly and unpredictable. Perhaps even his loyalty is questionable because a man who has nothing to lose is a man who is loyal to only himself. " Well ?" The question jolted the soldier who stiffened visibly on impulse. He blinked rapidly and tried as he might to regain composure. He was afraid that much he acknowledged. This Haymitch Abernathy was a man not to be trifled with unlike the infamous clumsy drunkard the Capitol had known. This person was dangerous. Period. "It... They had to be located. They were apparently kept and tortured in more than one underground prison," the soldier stuttered as he fought fiercely to break the eye contact with the victor. It was akin to having no weapons and facing a blood thirsty predator. God help him. "Abernathy, stop chewing him," President Coin remarked coolly. "We are on course and our fellow revolutionists are with us. I'm not complaining, so why should you ?" She for one was an impatient person who wanted things to proceed as promptly as possible. She did not care about the hows, whats, whos or whys; she just wanted the plan to unfold and all disputes among members can and will be shoved aside or ignored if possible. The victor turned his head deliberately and held his gaze with the revolutionists' leader. Cold unfeeling eyes met clear piercing eyes. After what felt like a cold intense staring match, Haymitch blinked before his lips curled into a patronizing smile. "Oh very well, have it your way," he shrugged his shoulders carelessly, strolled towards the exit and stopped just briefly to whisper to the shaken soldier, "She may have let you off but I haven't." In a louder voice, "See you around." A careless back wave and out the door he went. As the door slid shut, Plutarch and the major released a shuddering breath of relief; neither knew they had been holding their breaths. President Coin looked at the empty chair, snorted and commanded the soldier, "Permission granted; proceed with phase 2." The major quickly and albeit too eagerly nodded his compliance and exited the room. "That was a close one," Plutarch said weakly and winced when he realized how raspy his voice sounded, "Who knew he still had them?" "A predator never loses its killer instincts," she mused as she watched the breathless Capitol man. A victor of the Hunger Games is a predator but when one includes brains, cunning and ruthlessness, the predator is a dangerous one. However, when you think of a Quarter Quell victor who triumphed the game, outsmarted his 'master' and lived to tell the tale of intense emotional and mental torture, and intimidates the other predators despite his usual drunken state; he is no longer just a dangerous predator, he is a superior species of predator whose ruthlessness is incomparable and stands in his own league. He has no equal, no one to rub shoulders with and thankfully, such beasts are rare and few in between. One in 25 years. "Perhaps, Abernathy..." she trailed quietly. She had no need to continue because the occupants in room knew exactly where that thought trail was headed. Haymitch Abernathy might just be the predator that preys on predators, and that beast might just be waking after sleeping for close to a quarter of a century. Haymitch prowled his room while berating himself for losing the tight rein on his temper. How could he even have thought of losing his temper? Should he not be glad that the other victors were rescued? What reason was there for him- a person who has nothing left and cared for nothing, to be angry? So maybe the last thought was not entirely true but all the people who matter are here with him, so really what reason was there to lash out? Katniss was brought here safely by him and Peeta, no doubt, was brought here safely too since he was one of the main reason the rescue mission was even considered by that blasted Coin. There was no one else, everyone was here with him. He ran a hand through his long tangled messy hair and sighed heavily, and frowned when his fingers seemed to be stuck among the snags. It had been ages since he last washed his hair, never mind showering. Taking a whiff of himself, Haymitch nearly hissed at the stench. Good grief! Even in all his drunken episodes whether in the Capitol or in district 12, he was never as foul smelling. Then again, if he was honest, he had to thank that...woman for watching over and taking care of him. Effie... Trinket . That woman whom he loved to annoy and the only woman he allowed to touch him while he was unconscious. Perhaps, she is the only one whose opinions, although ridiculous at times, matter to him. " Effie ..." Haymitch breathed her name as he violently shook himself out of his thoughts. Of course! How could he forget her? "That Gale boy would transport her; she's on the list," he mused as he began unbuttoning his dirty shirt. "Better freshen up or I'll never hear the end of her tirade. I'll see you soon, sweetheart." He yanked open his wardrobe, snatched a pair of pants and a shirt and quickly made his way to the adjoining toilet. "Then again, you might not want to see me..." Freshening up was strangely easy despite his trembling hands and as he dressed up, Haymitch could not help but stare at his reflection. The usual lazy smirk. The tired face of a man who has seen more than he should in a lifetime. A worn out yet still very much fit and muscular body with ancient scars that ran ugly across his chest and torso. However, despite all of them, what captivated his attention most was his own grey eyes. He hardly ever had the chance to see them because it was either his fringe was too long and fell unceremoniously and stayed stubbornly over his eyes or he simply did not have the heart to. After all, looking at the mirror, all he could see was the face of a murderer who killed and stood over the corpses of forty-seven children and a conspirator and accomplice for the deaths of another for forty-eight children. He closed his eyes briefly and sighed heavily. "Soon, it will end, soon," he crooned softly to himself. "The cries and screams will begin to silent themselves." Soon, very soon . Upon opening his eyes, Haymitch noticed how his eyes looked at him with a startling clarity and awareness. His bloodshot eyes seemed so acutely aware of its surrounding that they felt surreal to him. Surely, a violent heavy drinker such as himself would definitely show signs of wild unrestrained rage instead of the piercing calmness. It was unthinkable how his eyes could defy logic when even his stomach was sporting a pouch, although unnoticeable. Perhaps, scars, trauma, nightmares, pain and loss were not the only takeaways he got from the arena but also the constant acute awareness of his surrounding. Were his eyes this clear even when his mind was too muddled and he was too drunk to even think incoherently? As he continued fumbling with the buttons on his shirt, his brilliant mind offered him an answer to his myriad of questions. Ask Effie Trinket. "... Elena Foster, Eliot Hotcher and Ester Pitrre. Alright, all confirmed." Haymitch stood in silence, leaning casually against the wall as he listened to the roll call. He was in the room where all the victims whose first name starts with letter E. When the roll call ended, he frowned and approached the doctor who was carrying the clipboard of names. "I think you missed a name," he drawled as he tilted his head to the side and crossed his arms across his chest. It would diminish his threatening pose greatly if she saw how his hands were shaking from the withdrawal. Stupid law; since when has drinking ever been a crime? "I'm certain