Hi, and happy late birthday to Percy Jackson! :P In honour of our favourite demigod, I have prepared this Percabeth one-shot. It takes place on August 17th & 18th two years after BoO while Percy and Annabeth are attending college in New Rome. The song Percy starts singing later in the fic is called You Are A Safe Place by Caitlin Mahoney. It just screamed Percabeth to me, I couldn't resist adding it! :) It's a great song, so I highly recommend listening to it, especially while you're reading that part. Disclaimer: I don't own PJO or HoO (rights belong to Rick Riordan), You Are A Safe Place (rights belong to Caitlin Mahoney), Fallen (rights belong to Imagine Dragons) or the clothing company Hollister. Lastly, this story is rated T because there is a kissing scene, but nothing too in-depth. Happy reading! :) Annabeth's POV Annabeth was sprawled out on the couch, sipping lemonade and reading a book about the Renaissance when Percy burst through the door to their little townhouse. "Hey Annabeth!" he called. Annabeth smiled giddily. She and Percy had been attending college in New Rome together for almost a year now, and it was finally summer. Now that the pair could take their minds off college for a couple months, they were free to spend all of their time chatting, sparring, kissing, and visiting all the places and people they didn't have time to see while classes were in session: Camp Half-Blood, Sally and Paul, Annabeth's dad, Helen and the twins… It was sure to be a great break. Annabeth would be lying if she ever uttered the words, "I hate college." She didn't hate college at all—in fact, she adored it. But as she and Percy were getting older, she wanted to focus on their relationship as much as possible before college ended and the serious matter of jobs, kids and houses came crashing down upon them. She for a fact knew that the two of them were not ready to have kids, so there was no need to buy a house, which meant there was no need for a job to pay for one (town houses in New Rome were free). So basically, until their relationship reached the ultimate, maturing level of "We're ready to have kids," they weren't going anywhere in life. Which, to bring it all back to the point, meant a summer of bonding together. "Hey Perce," she called back, laying down her book on their coffee table and sitting up. She reached for her glass of lemonade and was about to take another sip when Percy walked into the living room, shirtless. His hands were resting in the pockets of his knee-length athletic shorts. Annabeth froze in place for a moment, hand in mid-air, admiring the view of Percy's perfectly sculpted physique… But she reluctantly told herself to look away so she could at least put down the glass. Dropping it at the sight of his abs would only feed Percy's ego. Sure, he was hot… Okay, really hot… Alright, fine, full-on gorgeous. But if he knew just how hot Annabeth actually thought he was, she was certain she'd never hear the end of it. As it was, Percy leaned against the wall and smirked, but Annabeth just rolled her eyes and settled back into the couch, crossing her arms over her chest. "Why aren't you wearing a shirt, anyways?" Annabeth grumbled. Not that I'm complaining, she added in her head. Percy smiled. "I was playing soccer with Jason, who came to visit for the day, and a couple of other demigods. It's as hot as the lava inside Mount St. Helens outside." Annabeth rolled her eyes once again, this time at Percy's cheesy metaphor, which she was certain was supposed to hint towards their trip there when Percy had literally blown up Mount St. Helens and, probably, experienced how hot the lava was… Or maybe he was hoping Annabeth thought of the moment before that, when she'd kissed Percy for the very first time. She didn't even know if it qualified as a legitimate first kiss, since she thought Percy might've died that day and it was sort of a spur-of-the-moment thing. Because if he had died then, Annabeth would've never forgiven herself for not kissing the fool. Also, he hadn't really responded. Also, it was only about a two-second kiss. Also… The fact was, Annabeth had always secretly referred to the underwater kiss as their first, because it was perfectly timed, and, well, two-sided. It wasn't just an, Oh-gods-one-of-us-might-die-better-kiss-you sort of smooch, it was a Holy-Hera-we-survived-now-let's-both-kiss-each other-because-we-like-one another! kiss. It was how Annabeth always imagined her first kiss would be (and yes, she thought about her first kiss, because what girl didn't?)—romantic, original, memorable, and at the right time with the right person—so in her mind, that was it. The one. Numéro uno. She wondered which of their kisses Percy considered to be their first. She hoped he considered the underwater kiss their first official one, too. Percy plopped down on the couch beside her, snapping Annabeth out of her thoughts. "So," he said excitedly, snaking an arm around her waist. "You still haven't told me what we're doing tomorrow for my birthday." Right. Percy's nineteenth birthday was the next day, August 18th. It was also their anniversary, but they mostly celebrated Percy's birthday. Simply spending time together every day was a continuous reminder of how much they loved each other—they didn't need one little day to remind them of their feelings when they constantly thought about how in love they were anyway. Although, Annabeth secretly wished Percy had planned something for them. Maybe she'd drop a super subtle hint at doing something special for their anniversary that year… "About that," said Annabeth a bit guiltily. "I know I told you I'd planned something, but, well… I sort of lied. I have a present and cake and stuff, but I just thought we could spend the day together instead of, say, booking reservations at a fancy restaurant or something." Percy grinned and pecked her cheek. "Sounds good to me." Maybe it was just Annabeth and her wishful thinking, but she thought he sounded… happy that she'd planned a nothing-filled day, as if he had something planned. Or maybe Annabeth was going a little crazy and Percy was just excited to spend some quality time with her. Annabeth snuggled into Percy, enjoying his company and his warmth despite the heat. Percy tugged at one of Annabeth's curls for a while. Annabeth marvelled at the way he was winding it around his finger and unwinding it and winding it back around again and unwinding it and— Annabeth flashed back to reality as Percy kissed her softly on the lips. He pulled back, staring at her. A hint of a smirk ghosted across his face. "Daydreaming again, huh Wise Girl? My flawless muscles get you again?" Annabeth rolled her eyes and punched his arm playfully. "Nah," she said, "I got hypnotized by your finger fiddling with my curls." "I knew it!" cried Percy. Annabeth furrowed her eyebrows and gave him an inquisitive look. Thankfully, he explained himself (although it was a bit of an explanation à la ADHD). "Your curls! They're so… I don't know, distracting. I can't leave them alone! And clearly they work their magic even on you, their owner! I for one have to play with them all the time because… Well, because," he reasoned stubbornly. "Or I at least have to look at them. You know, if you're ever thinking about cutting your hair, call me first and I will make sure you don't do it because you'll regret—" Annabeth cut him off by shoving Percy down on the couch and kissing him hard. At first, his eyes widened in surprise as Annabeth continued to kiss him, but then he relaxed into it and kissed her back. Annabeth kissed along his jawline, across his forehead, down the bridge of his nose, along his neck and collarbone and shoulders and gods, she loved Percy. She especially loved kissing him, and now more than ever—because they were always alone in their townhouse, and they would spend hours a day on weekends cuddling and kissing on the couch. Annabeth was more used to that sort of affection now. Of course, they hadn't actually done anything serious yet, like… like… Annabeth felt dirty even thinking the word. But Hades, who cared? She for one wasn't ready for it and if Percy was, then he didn't show it. Annabeth had a sneaking suspicion that he himself wasn't ready either. And that was perfectly okay. They weren't the type of couple that needed to "get it on," so to speak, in order to keep their relationship alive. They loved every single thing about each other, flaws, quirks, imperfections and all, and that was enough. Every once in a while Percy let out a tiny moan as Annabeth continued to pepper his chest and shoulders and neck and face with kisses, kisses and more kisses. Finally, Annabeth's lips wandered back to Percy's lips again, and as they kissed she felt his lips smirk against hers. Realizing too late that Percy was about to do something, Annabeth felt herself being lifted up into the air, and in a matter of seconds, she was lying down on the couch as Percy hovered over her, now peppering her face and neck with kisses. Annabeth laughed a little. Sue her, it tickled. When Percy had kissed practically every inch of Annabeth's revealed skin, he reached for the hem of her t-shirt and tugged on it. "Is this okay…?" he asked uncertainly. Annabeth nodded, leaning up momentarily so she could pull her shirt up and over her head, and flopping back down on the couch. She thanked the gods that she'd worn her plain grey bra, because if she'd pulled her shirt off for Percy to reveal the old purple polka-dotted bra she wore on most days…? To say the least, the thought of it was a bit embarrassing. She shouldn't have bothered being worried though, because she knew Percy wouldn't have cared. Percy placed kisses down her body, and he didn't stop kissing when they heard a small noise that sounded to Annabeth like the little bang their sticky front door made when it was opened. She wasn't in the mood to go and check, though, and besides, Percy had locked the door when he'd come in… Right? Plus, Annabeth hadn't given out a spare key to anybody yet. Annabeth bit her lip as Percy continued to cover her in kisses. Annabeth tangled her fingers in his hair and pulled his face towards her so they could kiss on the lips, but just before their lips touched, someone who was not Percy started coughing. Percy shot up off the couch and so did Annabeth. Jason was standing in the living room's entryway, choking on the Diet Sprite in his hands. Annabeth scrambled to put on her t-shirt, and Percy ran over and patted Jason's back. When he finally stopped coughing, he glared at Percy. "Dude!" yelled Jason. "If you're gonna give me a key to your house, don't start making out shirtless on the living room couch, where an innocent person could easily come across you! And I didn't need to see that!" he screeched, part nervously and part angrily. Annabeth blushed, but Percy rolled his eyes. "Right. And it's not like I haven't walked in on you and Piper in the Zeus cabin before." "That's different!" cried Jason. "We had our shirts on!" Percy shrugged indifferently. "Same diff." "Whatever," called Jason, throwing a key—presumably his spare key to their townhouse—at Percy. "Keep it," he said, walking out. "And thanks for the Sprite." • • • The next day, Annabeth awoke bright and early thanks to the earbuds she'd placed in her ears. At 6:00 a.m., they had effectively blared Imagine Dragons' "Fallen" at full volume straight into her