Chapter 1 1st Chapter Summary: Order's strikes become deadlier and larger. With their leader badly injured, one Champion dead, another MIA, can the final Champion survive much longer? A/N: Guess who? That's right! It's yo boy J back on the track! lol that was fun, hope you like this new chapter in the sequel to The Fallen Legacy, numero dos in Champions of the gods (I refuse to capitalize that) and its going to be epic! Let's get it started with a disclaimer. P.S- I think I'm gonna focus on Percy more, and take a break from Ace DISCLAIMER: C-3PO, say my disclaimer again. "I'm sick of the disclaimer, someone else do it" Anyone? You know what? Im rebelling. A new age and a new story with no Disclaimer! *lawsuits come flying in at me* Captain, we're taking heavy fire. We need to order a retreat! Never, lieutenant. We must stand strong. *lawsuit hits my legs and they disappear into dollar signs* Order the retreat! IdonotownthecharactersandseriesinthisstoryexcepttheonesimadeupandiamnotRickRiordanandidontowntheotherbrands. IdonotownthecharactersandseriesinthisstoryexcepttheonesimadeupandiamnotRickRiordanandidontowntheotherbrands. IdonotownthecharactersandseriesinthisstoryexcepttheonesimadeupandiamnotRickRiordanandidontowntheotherbrands. IdonotownthecharactersandseriesinthisstoryexcepttheonesimadeupandiamnotRickRiordanandidontowntheotherbrands. We may have lost this battle, but we WILL win the disclaimer war (Continued in next chapter) The Fall of the Champions Prologue- Percy POV "-Styx?" I finished. Chaos, Apollo, Zoe, and Beckendorf had gotten back from the Olympian Gold Storage. There was a golden automaton with them that sounded like Ace. "Don't have a cow, man", the automaton said. "It's me" "What is this thing?" I asked. "I put Ace's consciousness in an automaton", Beckendorf said like it was completely normal. "What if he dies?" someone asked. "We're not sure how the automaton will react if that happens", Beckendorf stated. I used the wind to push the automaton's-Ace's-legs out from under him. "First day on your new feet?" I asked and we all laughed. Suddenly I felt a shock from inside my brain. "Ow!" I yelled. My head ached like a migraine. Ace laughed. His mechanical laugh sounded like someone was coughing out their last breaths. "I tried to send you a mental message, apparently it doesn't work with a robot body", Ace said. "So, what've you guys been doing?" "We were trying to clean up this place for Christmas, but we got attacked...again...and again", Lee said. "We've been attacked like six times in the past few days. Where's their Christmas spirit?" "Well, we can celebrate now. Did anyone have time to buy presents?" I asked. Chaos spoke up. "I think you should follow me". We all followed him to a large room with a tree in the middle. There were boxes of various sizes with different wrapping papers. It was obvious which one was for which person. I walked over an picked up a blue box. "This one mine?" I asked Chaos. "I think it should be easy to figure it out" Chaos said and disappeared. I drew Riptide and cut the box open. Inside was a large wooded area. I stepped inside and saw everyone else was here too. Chaos appeared. "Welcome to the new training arena I've been working on. It can become any environment for training purposes. It attaches itself to a different person's commands every day, so everyone gets to pick a different arena every day", Chaos explained. "Wow, this is awesome. Who picks it today?" Ace asked. "Perseus chooses today", Chaos answered. "Capture the flag, Mount Olympus, blue flag is at the elevator, red flag is at Zeus' throne", I decided. Suddenly everything changes around us, objects moving and shrinking, shapes forming, colors fading. We were standing in a perfect recreation of Mount Olympus. "Begin training sequence", a voice said and a blue orb appeared over me. A red orb moved over above Nico. "I pick Lee!" I said before Nico could say anything. A smaller blue orb appeared over Lee. "I pick Zoe", Nico said. Zoe suddenly had a smaller red orb. When we were done picking teams, I had Lee, Thalia, Ace, and Reyna. Nico had Zoe, Bianca, Medea, and Beckendorf. "Two rules! Lee can't take the flag, and no teleporting", Nico said. Lee groaned and disappeared in a golden blur toward the elevator. Everyone went to their bases and the game started. Suddenly a blue haze outlined everyone on our team. I could see in Iris-Vision that the other team had that too. "Ok guys, Lee, you stay here, if anyone takes the flag you should catch them pretty easily. Thalia, you go after the flag as a distraction, get in the sky. Reyna, you keep watch for her from the ground. Ace, you come with me, hope this rust bucket you're in can take a sword hit, we're going to get the flag", I said. Thalia looked like she might disagree, but decided against it. I heard a loud conch horn signal the start of the game. "Can you do that electric shock thing again?" I asked quietly. He nodded. I motioned for him to follow and we sprinted to the border line between the territories. It was located in a marketplace. We hid behind a market stall where Zoe and Nico were guarding the border, which means that Bianca is most likely at the flag, and Beckendorf and Medea are going after our flag. Or maybe that's what they want us to think. "Get behind Zoe, then send Nico a shock", I whispered. We sneaked (it's a word) over to Zoe and Nico suddenly grabbed his head and winced in pain. Zoe looked his way and I opened a small portion of the golden floor behind her, then dropped her into it, slowing her before she hit the bottom as not to make a noise, and closed the hole, leaving several air vents. I used the Mist to make another Zoe, something I had never tried before, but as long as Nico doesn't look too closely it should work. "Ace, rush him. I'm going to fly over the other side and sneak up on him", I said. "I hope this thing can take a hit", he said before sprinting out from behind the stall. I flew into the air and landed behind Nico as he drew his sword and smacked Ace with it. The automaton's metal skin buckled but before the entire limb could bend it stopped. It must have some sort of internal skeleton. I grabbed Nico from behind and threw him as far as I could, using the wind to boost him away. "Ahhhhh", his scream faded as he sailed through the sky. "Let's move Rusty", I said and we sprinted across the border. I created a fake Nico, but then I heard something behind me and turned around. I saw Medea running with the flag, ice covering the ground and causing her to move faster on her...ice skates? Lee was nowhere to be seen. "Oh Styx, they must have stopped Lee. I'll handle this", I told Ace and sent a wave of water at Medea. It froze in midair, providing a shield for her to hide behind. I blasted several holes in it with fireballs and ran over towards her. Ice covered the ground causing me to slip, but I summoned a wave to ride over the ice. The water froze around me, holding me in place. I tried to melt it, but it was too cold to summon a fireball. Just as Medea was about to cross the border, the flag disappeared from her hand in a golden blur and then someone crashed into her and then me at light speed. I felt most if not all of my ribs crack and my lungs collapse. Good, I'm not hurt badly. I could feel myself automatically healing and Lee stood up difficultly, favoring his right leg. "I think I broke my ankle on that ice, but I got the flag", he said and handed me the flag. I healed him. I looked over and saw Medea had gone flying across Mount Olympus. When Lee had crashed into her, made her fly away, then crashed into me, it was like a pinball game. But with more pain. Painball? Stop, you need to focus, I told myself. I pulled myself out of the mostly destroyed ice and flew towards the throne room of Mount Olympus. Bianca was guarding the flag. I used the wind to pick her up so I could fly under her, grab the flag, and head back, but at that exact moment Thalia crashed into her, knocking her downward onto me, and impaling me on the flag pole. More painball, haha. I got up with the flag still poking out both ends of me, and began flying toward the border. The flagpole coming out of my stomach made it a little hard to fly efficiently, but I suffered through it and landed next to the border, seeing my fake versions of Nico and Zoe were still there. I walked toward the border in slow motion. Suddenly Nico charged at me. He must have flown back pretty quickly. I spun sideways, hitting him in the side with the flagpole and knocking him over. That was probably the most painful thing I've ever done. I'd prefer Kronos' sword to that. Probably. I continued my slow-motion march toward the border when suddenly Beckendorf jumped out of the ground in front of me and hit the flagpole with a hammer, sending it flying out of me and landing on the ground before me. I hope that thing didn't take anything important out of me with it. Beckendorf spun his hammer, Thor-style. I hit him with a blast of lightning and laughed, then used the wind to bring the flag toward me. I continued my slow-motion march to victory yet again. I turned around, looking back towards the Red Team territory and started moonwalking backward toward the border line. I noticed Nico had gotten up and was standing next to my Mistform Zoe. He opened the ground and I started moonwalking faster. Zoe appeared out of the bow, string drawn back, and I noticed in Iris-Vision that the flag was six feet from the border. I raised it above my hand as fast as I could, gripping it tightly. I used my Champion powers to make myself 20 feet tall like the gods, and the rubber-tipped arrow hit me in the forehead, cracking the bone. It healed as I fell backward, the flag in my hands, and as I fell I saw Thalia floating in the air with a Mistform flag. Zoe must have been aiming for her, thinking I had a fake flag. I hit the ground and the end of the flagpole slammed into the golden ground, cracking down the middle. I shrunk to my normal size. The flag was on our side. We had won. I stood up after my head had healed. "Where is everyone?" I asked. Zoe, Nico, Beckendorf, Thalia, and Reyna were here. I could see Bianca and Medea helping Lee back here. So where had Ace gone? "Guys, where did Ace go?" I asked. "I haven't seen him since he got his arm dented". We found Ace standing motionless, not moving whatsoever. "Ace?" I asked. "I can't move", he said. "Did you forgot to charge your body?" I asked jokingly. "It shouldn't need to be charged it's solar and lunar powered", Beckendorf said, looking at the sun above Mount Olympus. "Wait, are we indoors right now?" I asked Chaos. A voice came from a hidden speaker, saying, "This is indoors, underground to be exact. You should probably go outside". I picked Ace up and flashed outside, then set him down in a sunny area. "Be sure to get lots of Vitamin D to charge your motor", I said. "Hah, hah, it's so funny, at least I can do this", he said and shocked my head again. "Whatever", I said and walked inside the castle. Beckendorf walked past me, saying something about needing a new motor. 'Hey Percy, Chaos wants us to come to some sort of meeting', I heard Thalia say in my