1st Chapter Summary: On the way back from defeating Gaea, the Argo II shipwrecks, and the Seven must survive on a deserted island until help arrives. Post- BoO. A/N: I haven't read the Blood of Olympus, so if i get something wrong, don't be mad. Percy POV This must be a sick joke. The son of Poseidon, stranded in the middle of the ocean. Water all around me, yet there was nothing I could do. Jason, the son of Jupiter, was unconscious in the sand several feet from me. I had no idea if anyone else was on the island, or even alive. And it was my fault. ...YESTERDAY... Leo POV The Argo II was sailing through the sky. Everything was calm. The Seven of the Great Prophecy were on their way back to Camp Half-Blood after stopping Gaea, the Earth itself. The Romans were attempting peace negotiations with the Greeks, and all seemed right with the world. One of the lines of the prophecy kept nagging at the corner of my mind. Seven half-bloods shall answer the call, (Percy, Hazel, Frank, Jason, Piper, me, and Annabeth) To storm or fire the world must fall, (The world meant Gaea, and Percy and Jason had worked to keep Gaea from rising, and she had fallen into the void of Chaos) An oath to keep with a final breath... (I had no idea which oath) And foes bear arms to the Doors of Death (A Titan, a Giant, and two half-bloods had worked together to close the Doors of Death) Suddenly I was snapped out of my thoughts by the sound of Jason, who was on guard duty, yelling for help. Several manticores had attacked the ship. Jason was trying to fight them off, but one hit him with its tail and sent him sliding across the deck. I summoned fire to my hands and blasted them. One charged him just as Percy stabbed him with Riptide, his magical sword. It dissolved to dust. A dragon flew into the air, attacking another manticore. Frank, Leo thought. His friend Frank had the ability to turn into animals. One of the manticores was carrying something. As I looked closer, he realized it was the Chimera, a creature Percy had defeated years ago. It dropped to the deck, breathing fire. "Help!", someone yelled. I turned and saw Hazel, daughter of Pluto. She was being attacked by the Chimera's snake tail while its head attacked Jason. I charged at the monster, unaffected by its flames. Then, I drew his sword and fought off the snake tail so Hazel could escape. The ship was getting lower. I could tell by how the manticores had to dive down to the deck. Jason had gotten back up after the Chimera attack and was know flying through the air, fighting off the manticores. Piper was using charmspeak to convince the manticores to fly away. Suddenly, when we were about a hundred feet from the water, a drakon shot out and ripped through the side of the ship. I ran to the controls of the ship. If I didn't pull up soon, that drakon was going to kill all of us. I grabbed the Wii controller that controlled the whole ship and turned on the defense cannons, then made the ship rise, out of reach for the drakon. Jason, Percy, and Frank took care of the rest of the monsters. The Chimera had been captured in an iron cage and he thrashed against the sides of it. The Argo II was in bad shape, though. There were holes up and down the hull, flames on the sides of the ship, and the engines had been damaged. Jason POV "Where is everybody?", I asked. "Frank and Hazel are downstairs Iris-Messaging Reyna. Annabeth is working on some repairs at the bow. Piper went back to her cabin after the fight" I noticed that one of the engines was on fire and seemed broken. "Leo, I'm gonna fly out and check out the engine", I yelled. "I think it's broken". "Alright", Leo called back. "Just don't blow anything up!" I flew out to the side of the ship and hovered next to the engine. It had flames all over it, and it rattled and shook loudly. There was a hole in the ship beside the engine, and I flew through it. The hole led to the cargo bay. I noticed several large crates with the words, "Geek Frier" on it. That's not right, I thought. Dyslexia was annoying. Suddenly I realized what the crate actually said, and flew out of the engine room. There were huge crates of Greek Fire, sitting right next to an engine about to explode. I ran to Percy. "You need to put out the fire on the engine, now!" I yelled. "No, the water will damage the engine", Leo said. "This whole ship is about to blow!" I yelled again and flew back to the engine. I started pulling the crates away from the fire and a small glass jar hit the ground. A green liquid spilled onto the floor. Suddenly Percy charged into the cargo bay and sprayed the fire with water. The shipping bay erupted in flame. Percy shoved me out the door and dove out just as the crates caught fire. The explosion sent me flying forward into the mast, then everything went black. Percy POV Just as we jumped out of the cargo bay, the entire back of the ship exploded. Jason flew forward and hit the back of his head on the mast. I went flying over the railing and off the side of the ship. "Help!" I yelled. The last thing I saw was Annabeth looking over the railing, yelling, "PERCY!" I controlled the water to cushion my fall. It picked me up into the air, then slowly lowered me into the water. I could see the Argo II in the sky, slowly falling. I used the water to push me toward the ship. Maybe I could save the ship. At that moment, the back of the ship broke off. Frank POV Hazel and I were sitting in the ship, talking to Reyna on an Iris Message. Iris Messages are like Skype for half-bloods. Using cell phones sends up a notice to every monster in the area saying, "Here I am! Come eat me!". "I have something really important to tell you", Reyna said. Then the ship exploded. The entire wall erupted in green flames, and suddenly we were falling. I could see the Iris message hang in the air as the back of the ship fell into the ocean. Hazel grabbed my arm as I turned into a dragon and pulled us up. The back of the ship shattered as it hit a reef. Reyna POV "I have something really important to tell you", I said. That was when the entire ship exploded. The Iris message hung in the air as the back of the ship dropped away. I looked down and saw the chunk of the ship crashed into a reef. Then, the IM disappeared. I stepped out of the Big House at Camp Half-Blood. I had to tell Chiron the bad news. Chiron was practicing Archery with the Apollo campers. He turned around when he heard me call his name. I guess the look on my face must have been bad, because his eyes darkened as soon as he saw me. "Chiron, I have bad news", I said. "What is it Reyna?", he asked. "The Argo II-". I stopped as my eyes filled with tears. The realization hit me like an arrow. Chiron rushed toward me. "Reyna?" He said. "What's wrong?". "They're dead", I whispered. "The Argo II exploded and crashed. They're all dead". Suddenly I sat up in my bed. Had it been a dream? I ran out the door of the Big House and looked around. No one was there. Chiron walked into the room, and from the look on his face, I knew it hadn't been a dream. The Argo II had gone down. The heroes who had defeated Gaea and Kronos were all dead. Rain poured down outside and lightning flashed in the sky. Zeus and Poseidon were also grieving. "Reyna, their funeral will be tomorrow", Chiron said. "We need to start moving on. They would want it that way" Frank POV I flew through the sky with with Hazel on my back. I knew I wouldn't be able to make it the whole way. The battle earlier had drained me, and turning into a dragon twice had sapped my energy. The fire on the Argo II raged on, and the other engines blew out. The ship began to fall faster. It hit the water with a loud crash, and I could see from here that it had hit some rocks. It broke into separate pieces that drifted towards something in the distance. Was that an island? Annabeth POV Percy had fallen off the ship. I knew the water would protect him, but for the first time since my quest in Arachne's cave, we were separated. We had been through Tartarus together, and now, this is what keeps us apart? "Leo, turn the ship around!" I yelled. I turned around and saw that Leo was gone. He must have fallen off when the back of the ship collapsed. That meant it was me, Jason, and Piper... Piper! She was in her cabin, and I had no idea where she was. I ran to the back of the ship where there was a ladder going below deck. The fire was worse down there. I could feel the heat in the air. I ran to her bunk. "Piper!" I called out. I ran in the room and saw her slumped against the wall, unconscious. Blood trickled from the back of her head. I grabbed her shoulder and pulled her up. We had to get out of here. I ran into the hall, when suddenly the ship tipped forward violently and I slid down the hall. I felt my bones shake as the ship ripped apart on impact. My head slammed against the wall, and everything faded to black. Leo POV I fell through the air on top of the back of the ship. I came to a sudden stop as it hit something in the water. It broke into pieces and I fell forward into the water. I climbed up on top of a chunk of driftwood and laid on my back. I used my fire abilities to dry the water off of me without burning the wood. Then, I held my hand up in the air and set my fingers on fire as a signal. I was staring up at the stars, when a dragon grabbed me. Hazel POV I looked back behind us at the wreck from where we crashed and saw a small flame flickering in the air. "Frank, turn around!" I said. "Leo's back there!" Frank turned around and glided toward Leo. He picked up speed as he went into a nose dive and grabbed Leo off of his makeshift raft. He screamed and set himself completely on fire. He was about to burn us to a crisp when he saw me. "Oh! It's you! Sorry, Frank!" Frank, still I'm dragon form, snorted. Flames shot out his nose and Leo laughed. "Leo, how can you be laughing at a time like this?" I screamed. He stopped laughing and looked down. He felt guilty. "Sorry", he said. "No, I'm sorry. I kind of lost it there" "It's fine, Hazel", he said. Frank POV I felt exhausted. I knew I would have to land soon, I just didn't know where it would be. I kept following the Argo II for now. It looked like an island in the distance, maybe I could make it there. Just then, I began to lose consciousness. The last thing I thought before I fell was, Whale. When I woke up,