Warnings: AU. Slashy goodness! MPREG. Disclaimer: Uh... anything you recognize, I don't own. Merrick's mine though. -smiles warmly- A/N: I have reupholstered this story and decided to just post the complete thing in two parts. Enjoy. Lovers and Kings Prologue " You are submerged in darkness." The man snorted indignantly. "You destined me for this darkness the last time I visited you." He snapped, dismally impatient. She showed no sign of hearing him. "Love brightens the darkest caverns." She declared airily, her voice seeming to echo in his mind though he could obviously see her lips moving in speech. "What do you mean by that?" He demanded. " Your destiny awaits in Gondor." "Gondor?! The Land of Men?" " Travel to Gondor, or lose your destiny." "What does that mean? What will happen if I don't go to Gondor?" He hissed, not liking the idea of his life being planned out for him by these 'higher powers'. What did they know of what he wanted? " Your heart will forever be empty if this pilgrimage is overlooked and your lover is forsaken." Her image began to fade. "Wait! There are so many people there! How am I supposed to find her?!" He asked quickly, being slightly more polite. " Open your eyes to the unusual. Pull from your mind the ways plastered to your senses and let your mind be free to see with eyes unclouded by outside influences." She waved her arm in front of herself and a sprinkle of magic dust glittered down from her pedestal to sparkle around the man. "A caravan, Ada?" Ellisarian, the prince of Gondor, questioned hifs parent with a raised brow. "Yes." Legolas nodded as he went over a parcel of paperwork concerning trade through his native land of Mirkwood, his new home Gondor, and the brother land of Gondor: Rohan. "What kind of caravan?" Ellisarian queried, interested. He had been trying to get his Ada to dump all this work on an advisor and come to walk with him in the gardens, seemingly for eternity. "Distracting me from my work will only prove to delay that walk you so dearly want me to accompany you on, my child." Legolas replied without looking up. "Ask your father." He suggested dully. "You haven't come to the gardens in ages!" The teenager whined. He would reach adulthood –according to humans- in less than a week and his celebration would take place in less time than that. Ellisarian was mostly elf and only part human, though his human traits seemed to dominate over his others. In appearance, one would call him human without knowing his lineage or knowing anything else about him. His flawless skin, startling eyes, and grace could be looked over as human qualities, but his speed, his growing archery skills, his communion with the forest, and his musical singing voice were only a few of the things that made him otherworldly. Ellisarian, however, was quite small for nearly being an adult in human years, and that was thanks to his Elvin heritage; because he was mostly Elvin, he would grow slower and live much longer than any normal human –but these things could be overlooked and called a delay in puberty. Even his ears were normal causing him to appear completely human if you were not sensitive to these types of subtleties. "Don't bother your Ada while he works." Aragorn warned as he strode into the room, his forehead bathed in sweat. He went through a pile of papers on a different desk than Legolas sat diligently at. Ellisarian gave up on Legolas when he did not even look up to his husband as he entered. "Doila lle, amin mela." Legolas called out in Elvish. (Thank you, my love.) Aragorn was at his side in an instant. He danced a peach in his hand in front of Legolas, causing the elf's eyes to come alight. Finally, Legolas looked away from his work and gasped at the succulent morsel his lover dangled in front of him. "You're wonderful." He chirped happily opening his hands to receive the treat. "Only for a kiss." Aragorn bargained with a smirk. Legolas smiled and quickly brought their mouths together before he snatched the fruit. "Thank you, love." He took a bite of it –savoring the taste slowly- before he continued looking through the papers and scratching notes on them with a random quill from the table. Aragorn stood with the papers he had come to retrieve in hand. He glanced at his son, Ellisarian, who looked frantic with boredom, then turned back to his lover to whisper in his ear. "Perhaps you could indulge our son before he tears apart the castle in boredom?" "Of course, but not now." He told his husband, smiling bemusedly. "Good." Aragorn kissed Legolas' smooth forehead gently, then walked back around the desk, swirling his arm around his son's shoulder and dragging him away from Legolas' den. "Leave your Ada alone for a time and I'm sure he'll join you for a walk more willingly." Ellisarian sighed extravagantly. "Finally." He groaned. "What about this caravan of travelers I hear talk of?" "They are a wealthy group of wanderers from the North, coming here to find someone special." Aragorn answered as he looked through the papers he carried. "There is talk from the servants that this 'special person' will become betrothed to the caravan leader Angelus and share in his magical power." He paused for suspenseful reasons. "Supposedly he has traveled across Middle Earth dozens of times and gone to darker depths than even you, Father." He teased. Aragorn smiled. "The image you have of me must be very great for even as a Ranger I have not been to all corners of Middle Earth, nor beyond, like this Angelus character supposedly has." "I wonder if he is some old man with tired old stories to match his wrinkles." Ellisarian chuckled playfully. "We shall soon see. They arrive today." Aragorn announced and Ellisarian stopped in his tracks. He gasped, excited. "Really?" "I would not lie about such a thing." He smirked. "I am looking forward to interrogating him myself. Such journeys and legends of this Angelus have been floating around since I was a child." "You were once a child?" Ellisarian quipped and earned himself a smack upside his head. He laughed along with his father. "I hear this Angelus baited the stars into loaning him the magic of their eternal light. He is said to have once been as fair as any elf." He chuckled at the absurdity of it. "As if a human could be so fair." "I would not doubt it." Aragorn replied dangerously. "It has never been clearly stated what kind of man this Angelus fellow is. Only that he is a man. He could be elf, or human, or any mix of races." He smiled. "I hear tale of…" "You seem to hear a lot for someone that is so bored." Aragorn interrupted and Ellisarian blushed. "Word gets around when you know where to listen." He merely replied. "What have you heard?" "Only that he has no equal and has never taken a lover." Aragorn answered. "Aside from all the exaggerated tales of his escapades." "Really?" Ellisarian's mouth dropped slightly. "How can that be? Such a famous man with so many talents and magics has never bedded another?" He scoffed. "I don't believe it." "They're here!" A woman cried out. The same servant turned into that corridor, arms flailing and a blush darkening her cheeks upon catching sight of them and realizing her folly. She calmed down everything except her blush when she saw the king and prince staring at her. "My apologies, Lord." She walked past them demurely, bowing obediently, but as soon as she was past them and around another corner, they could hear her running and shouting again. "Angelina! That man is here! He's gorgeous ! Come and see!" They could hear her dashing down that corridor as fast as her skirts would allow. Aragorn and Ellisarian exchanged a hysterical smile and continued walking. "I suppose he's here." Aragorn stated a few paces later and Ellisarian lost his composure, bursting into laughs. "Let's go see, too! Indulge, Father! Run with me!" "You go." Aragorn laughed. "It would not be proper." "Throw away your propriety for once and run with me." He grabbed his father's arm and they ran down the corridor, turned the corner and ran down another until they passed the veranda, open to the elements. They could clearly see the gates open from there and the caravan was unmistakable from their view. They were being stopped by practically the entire Land of Gondor. Even the guards were distracted by the entry of the caravan. "Let's go meet them!" Aragorn laughed as he began walking toward the entrance hall of the castle. "Will they even come up here?" Ellisarian wondered vaguely as he walked more excitedly beside his father. "It would be rude not to." He told his son as they walked into the entry hall and found a flurry of people already there, surrounding a group of ten foreigners. "What is this?" Aragorn demanded, his voice commanding attention, but the group only glared at him sidelong. All the servants and guards backed away from the foreigners so as not to anger their Lord. "How did they get up here so quickly? The caravan is still stuck at the gate, barely inside." Ellisarian wondered into the dead silence of the room. Even though he had whispered it to his father, the caravan wanderers answered. "I would have hoped that the document I sent ahead would have sufficiently alerted you to our coming, without announcing it to the entire city." A tall man ground out grumpily. He stood in the center of the little circle. His long brown hair was flaked with grays, splitting, and covered by a red bandana. He was covered in dirt and grease as he held Aragorn's gaze disobediently. All glee had flown from Aragorn's eyes the moment this man had spoken. The king was about to invoke his wrath onto these people and especially this man –who he assumed was their leader- when another entered the room in a flurry. The guards were alert immediately, but also confused at what they should do. Dozens of cries of admiring women flew in behind this black-haired man, as he slammed the door shut on them. He put his weight against the door and pushed. After a great effort at this he turned to the nearest ogling guards. "Don't bloody stare! Help me, damn you! They're rampant!" He cried out and Ellisarian couldn't help but smile at this man's predicament. Two guards immediately obliged and tried pushing on the door, but as soon as the good-looking man let go, the weight seemed to be too much for the guards and more had to come to help and lower a beam in it's holders to keep the doors closed. Cries could still be heard from the other side of the doors. "Take me!" "I'll be your wife!" "He's gorgeous!" "Come back! We won't bite!" "Come here handsome! I'll take good care of you!" "I love you!" "Come to us again! Please!" "Just a little feel!" "I want you, my love!" The young man snorted in disgust. The older man in the middle of the caravan group seemed about to chide this younger man, but he was immediately ignored. The young man walked gracefully over to Aragorn and bowed his head respectfully. It was impossibly simple to see why so many women would be chasing after this man. His features were defined in his slim figure, with the hint of muscles under all those clothes, and his dominating attitude. Aragorn would have expected this man to bow to one knee, but this was obviously a very proud man for he only bowed briefly at the waist before beginning to speak. "I would like to apologize for