Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot of the Twilight Saga are the property of Stephanie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended. The storyline of A Family Like Ours is mine. WARNING: THIS STORY CONTAINS BDSM, EXPLICIT SEX SCENES & STRONG LANGUAGE. This story is strictly NC17! A/N: Dear readers, Welcome to the sequel of People like Us, aptly named, A Family like Ours. We will get reacquainted with our favorite characters and we are going to meet some new ones, but first I need to 'set the scene' as it were: This story takes place about 17 years after People like Us ended. Edward and Bella are coming up for their twenty year anniversary and their family has expanded somewhat. PRIMARY CHARACTERS/ AGES: Edward and Jasper now own a music empire. Their label is one of the most popular and every new and upcoming singer/band wants to have their records produced by 'Rocking Horse Records'. Bella is a renowned artist and photographer although she rarely attends any of her showings as she tries to stay home with the children. EDWARD – 45 BELLA – 42 JACKSON & ALEXIS – 19 NICHOLAS – 18 SAMUEL MASEN (AKA SAM) – 16 ELIZABETH ALICE & ANDREA ROSE – 10 (FRATERNAL TWIN GIRLS) MAXWELL (AKA MAX) – 4 *ΩafloΩ* Emmett and Rosalie live at Cullen Crest where Emmett has been running the vineyard for the past twenty years. Rosalie owns a chain of Interior Design stores. EMMETT – 48 ROSALIE – 46 JOSHUA – 20 JARED – 19 MCCARTHY (MC) – 14 REBECCA – 6 *ΩafloΩ* THE WHITLOCKS While Jasper works with Edward, Alice's fashion designs are in demand all over the world. She still works from her studio on the ranch, and her production line is run in the town. JASPER – 47 ALICE – 44 TIFFANY ANNE – 18 CHRISTOPHER HEATH – 17 DANIEL JASPER – 16 *ΩafloΩ* CARLISLE CULLEN - 67 ESME CULLEN – 64 *ΩafloΩ* CHARLIE SWAN – 65 SUE CLEARWATER SWAN – 60 *ΩafloΩ* Seth is the district attorney for Sonoma County. He married Jesse and they live in nearby Rutherford. SETH CLEARWATER-SWAN – 37 JESSE CLEARWATER-SWAN – 35 CASEY CLEARWATER-SWAN – 7 ISABELLE CLEARWATER-SWAN – 4 *ΩafloΩ* Garrett and Kate live in Sausalito and Garrett owns a string of clubs, one of which, DAWN RISING, is a BDSM CLUB in San Francisco as well as BREAKING DAWN and RISING MOON on the West Coast. Kate is a stay at home mother. GARRETT NOMAD – 55 KATE NOMAD – 49 STEVEN – 18 KIRSTY – 10 A FAMILY LIKE OURS: A SEQUEL TO PEOPLE LIKE US CHAPTER 1 Bella forced herself to count to ten and she took a deep breath as she tried to refocus her attention on the paintings in front of her. She had a show coming up in the fall and she was falling behind. Reilly had been adamant that he want thirty pieces this time and was trying to select the paintings that she wanted to show as well as the photographs that would be a part of her mixed medium show. ' GET AWAY MAX!' ' I DON'T GOTTA HAFTA! SOOO THEREEEE!' ' MAX! STOP SPITTING – I'M TELLING MOM! I HATE YOU, YOU LITTLE BRAT! WE WISH THAT YOU WOULD JUST DISAPPEAR – GO! WE DON'T WANT YOU HERE, MAX!' Bella sighed, she was sick of the tension that had seemed to materialize almost overnight between the ten year old twins and Max, her almost four year old 'baby'. And of course it had happened from almost the moment that Edward had left. She tried to ignore the sound of the raised voices but the sound of more doors slamming had her flying out of her studio and into the hallway. "What is going on here?" Bella demanded as she rounded the corner into a suddenly empty hallway. A door down the hall opened and Elisabeth Alice put her head out. Her wide brown eyes stared at her mother with trepidation. Everyone in the house knew not to disturb mom when she was busy painting. "It's Max, Mom, he won't leave Andrea, Becky and me alone!" she complained. Bella shook her head, "Elisabeth Alice, he is little and you should know better than to slam any doors in this house! Now, I asked you and your sister to watch him and you said that you would!" Bella suddenly noticed that the house was very quiet – too quiet and she frowned. "Where are your brothers and sister? They were going to arrange a ride for everyone and Jack mentioned something about taking everyone out for pizza." Elisabeth bit her lip; they were in big trouble now! Behind her door, her twin sister Andrea rolled her eyes as she pushed her younger twin (by three minutes) gently out of the way. "Mom! Honestly, you can't expect us to be stuck with a baby like Max! And anyway he is a smelly little stinky!" she said triumphantly as her sister and cousin giggled behind her. Bella felt her irritation and anger rise as she stared into her daughter's defiant eyes. "Andrea Rose! You will not speak about your brother like that! Rebecca is only two years older than him, so what makes him a baby and her big girl?" Bella was so over trying to keep the peace. "Well, Becky is a girl and she is fun and she doesn't have cooties!" Mother and child glared at each other. The constant bickering had been going on for almost three weeks now, and she was sick of it. "That's it! Find your siblings and tell them that I am calling a family meeting right now in the den" Andrea opened her mouth to protest but she snapped it shut quickly when she saw the fiery look in her mother's eyes. "Fine! But what about Daddy? He should be here and he is gonna be so mad at you for being mean to us on our vacation!" Andrea said as she stalked down the hallway towards Nicholas' room. "Andrea! Do not back-chat me, young lady, or else you will be punished!" Bella snapped. "Fine! But I don't know where Jackson and Alexis are – I think they went off with Josh and Jared." Bella bit back a frustrated sigh. She pointed towards her older children's bedroom doors. 'NICK!" Andrea shouted as she banged on the closed door before she turned and tossed her mother a defiant glare. She would show her! Bella hissed at the shout and she shook her head as she headed into her room for a quick shower. As Bella washed paint and sweat off her body and out of her hair, she wondered what Edward was doing. He had been away for three weeks in the recording studios in Los Angeles this time and she was more than ready for him to come home. Bella dried herself off and glanced in the full length mirror as she took out fresh underwear. She wasn't bad looking for forty-two years old and the mother of seven children! In the twenty years that she and Edward had been married, she had put on about five pounds or so. Her stomach and hips were softer and rounder, but she was still able to wear a bikini, much to her children's embarrassment and her husband's lecherous delight. A knock at the door had Bella pulling the sundress over her head quickly. She slipped on a pair of sandals and ran a hand through her wet hair. She had cut it a few years ago, after Max was born but she had been growing it for the past year again. She opened her door and saw her seventeen year old son Samuel standing there, "Mom, what's going on? Nick says he is busy and so he sent me to see what was wrong and the girls are outside doing cartwheels on the lawn, so what can I do to help you?" Bella smiled at the handsome man-boy. He was a combination of her and Edward. He had Edward's green eyes and her dark hair. His lanky build and height was all his father, but his easy smile and slight shyness was all Bella. "Thank you, son, but I want everyone in this family meeting. I need to make my final selection for the show – Reilly is sending the transporters tomorrow, but for some reason your sisters have declared war on Max and they have been slamming doors and shouting – wait, how come you didn't hear them?" Sam shrugged; "I was in the dark room, developing those pictures that I took yesterday morning, sorry Mom." Bella put an arm around his slim waist and hugged him, "It's okay, Sam, you have done more than your fair share around here to help me – it's Jackson, Nic and Alexis that are really for it – they volunteered to look after the young ones today! I don't know why I agreed to have everyone here today, but Ali and Rose had those meetings in town today – oh well, it can't be helped." Sam nodded, "I'll try to get hold of everyone and tell them to come home." He pulled his phone out and quickly sent a message to his oldest brother. Jack and Lexi were always pulling this shit with their mother! Just because they had been away at college, they acted as if they had no responsibility here at home. It pissed him off that no one seemed to be concerned about his mother's welfare. Anger burned inside as Sam remembered how he had tried to tell his father about what was going on at home, but some douche had answered his phone and had told Sam that 'Mr. Cullen was too busy to talk'. Asshole! Sam couldn't remember when last his father had been home with them for longer than a weekend, when he spent hours sleeping in any case. He pushed his dark thoughts away as he glanced over at his mother. He hated the bleak, sad look in her eyes that she tried to hide for their sakes. They walked downstairs together as Sam told Bella about the photographs that he had developed earlier. As they stepped into the entrance hall, the front door burst open and a football sailed past Bella's head and missed hitting the large mirror that hung on the wall by inches. " HEY!" Josh, Emmett's and Rosalie's twenty year old son, his nineteen year old brother Jared and their younger brother, McCarthy, or MC as he was called, bounded in only to skid to a halt as Bella shouted. She could see Jackson, Alexis and Alice and Jasper's son, Heath, who had turned seventeen as well as their daughter, Tiffany Ann who was eighteen and their younger brother Daniel, standing in the doorway. "Joshua Cullen, since when do you play ball inside the house? What are you – five? You all complain about Maxwell, but you are all worse than him – in the den – NOW!" Bella put on hand on her hip and pointed in the direction of the family den. With a few muttered grumbles, everyone walked passed Bella and Sam, who was smirking until Jackson glared at him and snarled, "Pussy!" at him. Bella's hand shot out and she glared at her oldest child, "Jackson that is enough. Do you understand me?" For a moment it seemed as though he was going to argue with her but then his green eyes softened, "Sorry Mom," his eyes flicked to his younger brother, "Sorry Bud, you know I didn't mean it." He said as he hooked an arm around Sam's shoulder and he dragged him into the den. Nicholas finally made his way downstairs and he looked up in surprise at the sight of his siblings and cousins all waiting for a dressing down