Disclaimer: I don't and never will own Twilight. Alyssa's POV My life right now was not so great. If I could just have the one best day of my life and go back, I would die happy, but sometimes I wonder what would've happened if I went with my other choice. Maybe I could have started a family with Paul and have kids, living a safe life, but I didn't choose that life. Instead I chose one that would make everyone miserable. I wasn't doing this be I wanted to, but because I had to if I wanted to uncover the truth. The truth. I didn't even know what that was or why I needed to find it. I just need it like I needed air to survive. Like I need Paul in my life. I never understood why I left him, but with my being so close to the truth, I wasn't about to give up no matter what until I uncover it. For me. For my family. And for my brother whom I failed to protect before, but now I'm finding out what I failed to protect him from. I don't have much time left, but I'll use whatever I have. Because right now, every moment counts. . 2 Weeks Before "Paul?" He looked up at me in response, "Can I ask you something?" He nodded and sat up, suddenly feeling the atmosphere of the room tense up. "What's up Lyssa? You can always ask me anything?" I smiled as his hand came up to softly caress my cheek. "Promise me... promise me, You won't give up. Promise me that you'll still keep going after." I looked off into the distance feeling his gaze on me, and as much as it hurt, I kept my expression soft and open so he wouldn't suspect a thing. But I knew it was futile, and he knew as well as his hand inched closer to mine and I made the final move to connect our hands. I looked down at our joint hands and swung them gently, a smile on my face because I knew it was almost the end. I knew this was soon going to be my last days few days of peace and happiness. "You make me happy, I like it." Paul glanced up from our hands and smiled at me, content and happiness brightening his face before he brought his lips to my cheek. "You make me happy too, I never want to let you go." . 13 Days Before "Hey," I looked away from the view over the cliffs and turned to face him with a smile on my face. "Hey yourself." He chuckled and pulled me even closer to his side and draped an arm around me protectively and loving. "I love this, I wish we could stay like this forever." "I'll give you anything for forever," He grinned, the words falling out of his mouth jokingly, and yet I knew that was the complete truth. And it made me feel amazing, to know someone was willing to go to the ends of the earth just to keep me, to make sure I'd stay. I bumped shoulders with him and laughed, tucking my head under his chin and replied, "You're so sappy." It was quiet for a moment as we enjoyed the moment, the cool breeze passing by every once in a while as the sun soon was completely set. "I like it." "Guess what?" I mumbled out a response, my words getting lost in his chest. "It's only for you... It's always for you." . 12 Days Before I slid down against my bathroom door, tears and blood pooling together in my hands and the floor. I can't do this, I'm breaking inside. My heart stuttered at the thought of leaving Paul, too painful to even think of life after, but I knew the truth. There was no life after. This was it, it's going to be my end. I held in a sob as I pushed myself up from the ground and began to pick up shards of a mirror I had broken. Walking by what was left of the mirror, all I could see was the monster I had become. The one thing that was going to ruin my life and tear it apart, bit by bit. I dumped all the shards, but one, holding up the last to see my reflection. I stifled another sob as I saw the mess I had become. How, how does one man come into my life and make it completely right? How? I hiccuped and dropped the piece of mirror into the trash as if it was killing me, returning to the sink wash away the blood, the tears, the truth. It was only a matter of time before I knew this was going to be over. Only a matter of time before my perfect world completely collapses. I'm doing this for my brother. . 11 Days Before "I don't like this Lyssa," I sighed, burying my head into the crook of his neck as I tippy-toed to reach the junction. "But, if this is what you have to do, then I get. Please be safe. Come back, okay? I need you, I don't know what I'd do without you now. I can't see myself living past that." I kept my face in his chest not letting him see my tears, but I knew he felt them. My heart constricted at the thought of never coming back, but even I don't know if that was an option. "Stay safe. Promise me you'll text me if you made it there fine, okay?" I pulled away and nodded before he brought me back in for one last hug. "Promise?" My voice lost to my emotions, breaking and timid, he pulled my face back and titled my chin. I met his beautiful glowing brown eyes that were red-rimmed and sad, my gut taking a punch because I knew I was the cause. "You know I can't, Lyssa. I can't ," He pleaded and cupped my face with both hands and tried to sway my decision but I couldn't run away from this, not again. Not ever. "Please," I watched as he took in a deep shouldering breath and closed his eyes, pulling my face back into his chest. "I promise. Come back safe and sound, okay?" Paul mumbled into my hair, body shaking as he spoke. A sob caught in my throat and it took every power in me to pull away and slowly walk to the door of my car, engine already started, ready to go. "I have to go, or else I'll be late." He nodded and stepped closer to take one last hug, his arms wrapped around my waist, his warmth encasing my body. I looked at him up under my lashes and thought to myself, This was it. And I knew he knew it too because the next thing he did was softly press his lips to mine. His final words to me and I knew there was more he didn't say that he knew I couldn't say. "I promise." And I love you . . 10 Days Before I sat in my car, door open to feel the cool breeze in my hair, heart breaking as I remembered our date on the cliffs. And that soon lead to a spiral of memories Paul and I created together when I first moved to La Push 2 months ago. Just my luck to meet a boy who consumed my entire world, only to leave him and taking my world with him. Soft cries racked my body as I looked at my phone's lock screen, a picture of us making funny faces at the camera while I was on his back. It was an amazing day and I remembered his friends were behind us, making kissy faces and teasing us both till we turned red. My eyes burned as I harshly wiped the tears off my face and pulled the car back into ignition. I have to do this, I left because of this and I'll finish this. For him, because I owed him my entire life if it weren't for him. . 9 Days Before I wonder what Paul's thinking about. Is he still thinking of me? I hope he is, but I knew it would only do more harm than good. But it was all I had left to come back to. He was all I had, I lost my entire family and he's all I have. He's the only one, and it breaks me to know how heartbroken he'll be. I could only imagine his heart to slowly start cracking before breaking and I hated how I knew mine's was already broken. I hated how I left him back in La Push with lies and hope. And it broke me to pray that he'd somehow forget me, forget our love and our live spent together, but life was never on my side. I looked down at my phone as it buzzed with a notification from Paul. I squeezed my eyes shut as I made up my mind and opened the message. My heart paused as I read the message and it only filled me with more guilt as my finger hovered over the button. Are you sure you want to block this number? Yes/No Yes . 8 Days Before I sat in the vacant booth of a small twenty-four seven cafe, a headache beginning to take my mind and jolted when someone took the seat across from me. "Jayson Mayder. You must be Alyssa Valance." I eyed his hand wearily. And looked up to meet his gaze. The young men in front of me looked to be a couple of years older than me, about my brother's age, blonde hair and grey eyes, your typical LA kid. He waited for me to finish assessing him before continuing. "I knew your brother, we were, I guess, lovers. He was... my life. When he died, I didn't find out till days later, and I knew I had to find you. He, um.. Caiden told me about you. He couldn't tell me much but he risked everything to make sure that you were going to be okay. He told me that your life mattered more than his own, I tried to convince him otherwise, but he was stubborn. Said his sister was the last thing he had, besides myself. He, um, he told me to find you after if he didn't live." Jayson broke off, voice cracking as he tried to talk about my brother. I stayed quiet, wanting to know more, knowing he was telling the truth. My brother never hid anything from me and I to him, and I remember faintly how he talked about a boyfriend and how I can trust him if anything went wrong. "He, god, he told me his chances of surviving were slim to none and that I should start looking for you as soon as he left. I- I didn't listen to him like always and I prayed, gosh, I prayed that he would come back safe and in my arms, but he never did. I hacked into police records the second day after his no show and found his death recorded at the scene. God there were pictures that I never wanted to see ever, but I couldn't believe it. He was gone, dead, never coming back. I was- I was going to propose to him. I drunk myself dead for the next couple weeks before I pulled myself out of my misery and decided I could only do one thing but fulfill his wish. He-um, he wanted you to know the truth. But he couldn't track you down even with my hacking skills. It took me months before finding you, but when I asked around you had already left La Push, Washington, but I found you."