I meet Clove Triumphant when we are both four. She wears little white and silver dresses and kicks her child-sized slip-ons against the rocks. My mother and Mother Triumphant are chatting, both wearing silver dresses down to their ankles. –"Why not gold?" I asked my mother on her bed, snuggled up for my bedtime story. "Well we're District 2 not District 1, child." "That's not fair," I pouted, crossing my too-long arms. Mother leaned in. "Don't let President Snow hear you or he'll sick some muttations on you!" Her fingers tickled me and we both laughed until the neighbours cried for us to "Shut up or we'll warn the peacekeepers and they'll whip you till you drop."- Clove is shy, Mother Triumphant says. "My birthday's in December," I try. It works though. Clove smiles. "Mine too! The twenty-first." "The fourth, for me." Clove giggles. We run around for a bit, our feet slipping in mud made from last night's storm. Clove slips in the mud, falling to her gangly knees. Being a four-year-old, Clove starts to cry salty big tears. I don't like it when Clove cries, I decide. So I run inside, looking for something that will make her stop. I find a lollipop that I'd been saving, and I run back outside. "Don't leave people when they're crying!" Mother scolds me, but I run to Clove and hand her the red lollipop. She stops crying and sticks it in her mouth, cherry assaulting her senses. From then on we're inseparable, a force of nature. Clove and I run through the streets, two bags of stolen candy in our arms. Laughter from two six-year-olds ricochets on the walls of an alley. Clove's inky mop of hair bounces on her head and my freckles are covered in shadow. However, as we near the corner, two kids round it and we collide. I fall against the tarmac. "Hey!" Clove shouts, and helps me to my feet. The kids who bowled us over are a boy and girl with dark green eyes and red hair. The girl has a black eye and a blood nose. The boy who bumped into me gets to his feet. He has skinned knees. He grins at us, exposing a missing tooth. I check to make sure we have all the candy in the bags, and am pleased to see none has fallen out. "Thith ith our turf," the girl says. She has a terrible affliction of a lisp. She growls at us, and we make out the 'S' in her sentences. "No it isn't!" I say, crossing my arms. "Don't you know this is No Man's Land?" "It's not anymore. This is the Troublesome Twins' alley." They try to look intimidating, but they're not. Father would call them soft. "Troublesome Twins? You're twins?" Clove asks. "Yeah. Now give us some of that candy and you'll be allowed here." So we found a seat under an overhanging roof, and we dished out candy. Clove, Winsy, Cobble, and me. When we're eight, our mothers both fall ill. It's a version of Tuberculosis. Bad wine. My mother is the first one to die. She curls, ill against the white sheets and the faintly beeping machines. Vomit stinks up the place like a hellhole, and Mother bleeds from her lungs, staining her white teeth. Her golden hair goes unbrushed, splayed out over the pillows. She has to wear a white cloth over her mouth, and her words go unspoken. The last time I see her, she turns to me and grins. "And who's this handsome lad? Is he my nephew? Or just a visitor?" "He's your son," the doctor says from the corner. "Oh, really?!" Mother says, her face lighting up in a grin. I can't actually see her mouth, but her dark blue eyes crinkle at the edges. "My, I'm so lucky. What's your name, my handsome son?" "Cato," I say quietly. "Cato! That's my father's name too! Gosh, you look so wonderful. I love you so much. Too bad I don't get to stay with you more." She dies the next day, lost amongst a winter wonderland of white walls and sheets. Clove holds me while I cry. Her mother dies a short time after, but differently. She overdoses on her painkillers, left alone by the doctors. When they find her, her eyes are half-open and glassy, her lips are parted and bloody, and vomit drips down her silver chest. Mother Triumphant has fallen. It's Clove's turn to cry, making small whimpers that turn into heartworn sobs, tears soaking into my shirt. She cries so little that I start crying, and then we're both crying, and then Winsy and Cobble join us, and we're just a pile of sad children. At ten, I start training for the games. With Clove and the twins at my side, we stride into the building for the first time. Apparently it looks exactly like the Training Centre in the Capitol. The first-years look around in wonder at the weapons at our disposal. "Wow," Cobble says beside me. "They're so beautiful." A man talks about all the weaknesses and strengths of the weapons, and then we try to find our weapon. I try my hand at a bow and arrow, but the arrow lands closer to the man than to the target. He shoots me a glare and I shrug. I try the throwing knives, and they land on the outer ring. I skirt the ring, using different weapons. The final station is a sword. It's a lightweight one. I pick it up, and I know that this is my weapon. It's different from the others, except perhaps bows and arrows. This weapon is meant to kill. That's its purpose in the world. Clove is fond of the knives. They fly at the targets, hitting the target 9 out of10 times. Winsy is an axe-wielder. He sends them flying, severing dummy heads. Cobble lives up to her name. She is good at camouflaging in the autumn, and snaring. She can hunt. That much is obvious. I wonder if she would be able to live outside the fence. Probably… she is fast and resourceful and sly. And she excels in hand-to-hand combat, pulling men to their feet, kicking legs out from under their body. Afterwards, we sit in Clove's home, with her relapsed-alcoholic father sleeping, and we talk about our weapons. "The key to killing something," Winsy says, "Is to dehumanise them. Think of them as animals. Then you could kill your own parents." "I couldn't," Cobble says. "Well, probably. But not without trouble." "Because you're dumb." "Go die," she hisses, punching her brother in the cheek. Oh yeah. She also has a killer left hook. Some twins grow apart, but Winsy and Cobble only grow closer. They're known to read each other's minds. Speak without words. They can sense each other's pain before it kicks into action. An example of the last one played out when we were still ten. Winsy came running out looking for Cobble, in a blind panic. Three minutes later Cobble fell out of a tree and broke her scrawny right arm. Their relationship is enviable. We are sixteen and we are deadly. We hold our knives and spears and swords, and ram them into dummies so hard the point is visible through the other side. We are killers-in-training. No matter how hard I try I can't think of the other districts as pigpens. We are sixteen and Winsy is chosen to volunteer. Though only sixteen, Winsy is a killing machine; ruthless. His spears are sharpened to the point of being diamond-sharp. But his selling point is his biceps and his words. When we're training, I'm not his friend. I'm simply a colleague. When we have arguments, he wins through a closed fist. He stands on the podium with the applause of the crowd ringing in his ears. He grins at the crowd, victorious. I will beat you. I will win for you. Silent promises ring out. From home, we watch him on the television, a muscled red-haired boy. He kills three…four people. He makes it to the final eight. And then the girl from District 1 slits his throat. Not at first, of course. She cuts out his left eye first, then his ear is severed from its writhing body. She curls over the boy's remaining eye. "Love you, sweetie," she sneers before she cuts his throat and plunges her hand into his neck, ripping out his vocal cords. She ties them around her own neck, knotting them together in a chain. Winsy doesn't win. After his death Cobble retreats. She doesn't go to training. At first it's 'part of the grieving process', but when a year goes by, things are serious. One day I come to what was once hers and Winsy's house. I tread up the steps carefully, making sure not to startle her. I open the door to see Cobble standing there naked. Her ribs are a steel cage, so sharp they seem to be cutting through her skin. A brittle voice cracks. "'Ello, Swordy." I notice the bottles scattered across the wooden floor. Though it's midday, the blinds are still shut. A thin light skirts across the side of her silhouette. "You're drunk, Cob." "Nah," she slurs, "I'm stone sober." The lisp she had has gone, replaced with wobbling letters of all sorts. "You don' need to worry 'bout me. Winsy didn't when 'e volunteered." "He thought he could win." "But 'e couldn't. You wouldn't know, you aren't a twin." She swallowed. "I knew though, when I watched it. 'E didn't even put up a fight against the 1 girl." "He was tied down." "'E was strong! You know why 'e didn't? 'E was in love with the girly." "What? He was sixteen!" I think the alcohol fumes are stinking up her brain. "'E did love 'er. I can feel whatever 'e feels. And now 'e's dead. So 'orrible, to have a dead twin. You can feel 'em die. You feel their organs putrefying and you can feel the bugs eatin' 'em." I walk to Cobble and placed my hands on her bony shoulders. "You're drunk," I repeat, and lie her down onto the bed and pull gold covers over her body. Then she starts kicking. "No! Don't ya dare! Ya won't bury me alive, Swordy! I refuse it!" She looks at me through hazy green eyes, red hair splayed out behind her like my Mother's when she died. I shake my head and leave the building. A crowd is gathering at the entrance of the Career centre. Curious, Clove and I stand beneath, looking up at the roof. What I see terrifies the hell out of me. Cobble, red hair wild atop a face with sleepless eyes. Her bones jut. She is in a sprinting position, as if she's going to run on the air. Without thinking about what I'm doing, I run around to the back of the building. I grab onto a ladder and hoist myself up. The wood creaks beneath me. I get to the metal roof and I run to save Cobble. I get to the roof behind her but I'm too late. She spreads invisible wings and jumps. I catch a glimpse of carrot-coloured hair. Fighting a scream I run over to the edge and look down. Her bones jut out, arms splayed. Her head is turned to the side, a red trickle of blood slivering out of her mouth. She's slipped through my fingers. How predictable that Cato Baringer would lose the full set of twins. My legs shake underneath me, and I watch as a teacher comes, shrieks. I'm there and I watch as they pick her up and carry her away forever. She won't have a funeral. Nobody knew her well enough. And still I stare down, until a small hand is placed on my shoulder. "Cato," she says in a voice like sleep. "It's