I'm back! This is my first published Dramione. I may have only joined the fandom about a year and a half ago, but they quickly became my OTP. I'd love to hear what you think! Thanks as always to my dear friend, sirenofodysseus/iloveplotbunnies/Amber, for beta reading. This one's for you. Thanks also to my new beta and friend ElleMalfoy65 for reading as well! (If you haven't checked out her story Soul Bound, do so! It's fantastic and I'm honored to get to beta it.) Disclaimer: If I owned Harry Potter, Dramione would have been canon. He'd left. He was a coward and he'd left. Not her—he'd never leave her —but leaving a situation where it felt like every single one of his past sins was thrown up into his face again , never mind the fact that he was reminded every day at the sight of his left forearm—now that, he would do. It just wasn't worth fighting for. But she— she was worth fighting for. He would never admit it out loud—well, maybe to her, but only her —but he needed her. He needed her intelligence, her fire, her loyalty, her unshakeable trust in him. He needed her quirks and her mountains of books and her still wild hair. He needed her because she was the best thing that had ever happened to him and he was bound and determined to keep her, if she'd have him, for the rest of their days. He loved her deeply, his brilliant Muggleborn lioness. But he couldn't bear to be sneered at in front of her, especially on this night of all nights, and so he'd turned around and left. He hoped she'd follow. Draco Malfoy had been dating Hermione Granger for exactly one year on the night in question, although they had been friends for a couple of years before that. He had turned to fight for the Light in the middle of the Final Battle, but his last-minute change of heart was not enough to prevent him from going to trial a few weeks after Voldemort had been defeated. Harry and Hermione had both testified in his defense, resulting in credit for time spent in Azkaban awaiting trial, a mandate directing him to return to Hogwarts to complete his final year, and five years of probation after that to be spent working for the Ministry. When his trial was complete, he had hugged his mother, who had been sentenced to two years of house arrest in the Manor followed by five years of probation. She had already set about making amends with her sister Andromeda, and Draco knew that she would be fine. He had then turned to Potter and Granger and had civilly thanked them for testifying. He was just glad that the Weasel hadn't shown up—apologizing to him would have been more than Draco could have handled at the time. "Thank you for your testimony, Potter. I…apologize for being such a git all those years, and thanks for getting rid of Old Snakeface," Draco had said, sighing—it had taken a lot out of him to apologize to his old enemy. "You're welcome, and apology accepted. Truce?" asked Potter, sticking out his hand. Draco eyeballed the Gryffindor's hand for a while, only taking it when it looked like Potter was going to retract it. "Truce," he said gruffly, but civilly, "but this doesn't mean we're going to be the best of friends. It just means that I won't try to hex you anymore." Potter laughed. "Fair enough. Hermione, I'm going to wait outside, come find me when you're done, yeah?" Draco hadn't realized that his desire to apologize to Granger alone was so apparent. He felt like the animosity between them had been more personal in a way, since he had once bought into the Pureblood hatred of Muggles and Muggleborns and had remained on that side even after Granger's brilliance had forced him to reluctantly but wholly dismiss the stereotypes of Muggleborns, at least, as blatantly false. While Potter's battle had mainly been with the Dark…with He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, Granger had fought against an ideology that saw her as a second-class being, and he had been the one to introduce her to such bigotry. Granger smiled at Potter, if a little apprehensively, and turned to Draco. "Thank you for testifying too, Granger. You of all people…you of all people should have the most reason to want me to rot in Azkaban. I…apologize to you as well for my actions and words over the years. They were unfounded…except for the comments about your hair," he said, smirking. Granger rolled her eyes. "And the ones about you being a know-it-all. Although you're not as insufferable as I once thought." Granger just nodded, rolling her eyes again. "I suppose that's as good an apology as I'm likely to get. You're welcome, Malfoy. You might have been an awful, ignorant prat in school, but you weren't evil. You didn't kill Dumbledore and you didn't give us up at…on that day. I saw you, and it looked like you wanted to be there even less than we did." Draco just nodded, not knowing what to say to that. Granger made to leave, but he had one last thing to say. "You're going back to Hogwarts for the final year, correct?" "Yes," she had answered. "Thought so," he said, smirking. "Can't keep a bookworm like you from studying. I suppose I will…see you then, Granger." Upon returning to Hogwarts, he saw a lot of Granger. Most of their year had returned, except for Potter and the Weasel, who had jumped at the chance to become Aurors right away. Draco had snorted upon learning this—of course The Boy Who Lived Twice and his ginger sidekick had been able to secure jobs without even sitting their N.E.W.T.s while the Slytherins who had survived had been made to return to Hogwarts to complete their final year, complete with a mandatory Muggle Studies class. Draco shared most of his other classes with Granger—they both had elected to take the majority of classes that Hogwarts offered. While Headmistress McGonagall had elected to give the head positions to seventh years—that Lovegood girl from Ravenclaw and some bloke named Scamander from Hufflepuff—she had also designated two student heads of houses to assist her and the deputy headmaster, Snape, who had barely survived his injuries thanks to a swift application of some phoenix tears that the former Potions professor had just happened to have with him. Of course, since the other two houses were already represented, and since McGonagall and Snape were temporarily holding on to their titles as Heads of Gryffindor and Slytherin House, respectively, until suitable replacements could be found, Granger and Draco had been named to these roles. They were both the leading students from their respective houses, and Draco could tell that the professors expected and hoped that he would quash any possible rebellion or discontent in Slytherin house. For his part, Draco wanted nothing to do with any sort of attempt to create a sort of Junior Death Eaters group—he'd had more than enough of war and hatred to last him a lifetime and just wanted to get on with his life as best as he could. He thus made it clear on the first night that any attempts to incite violence or a house-led war would be immediately reported and stifled. Since he and Granger now had to collaborate both as student heads and sometimes in class, they began to strike up a friendship. They still squabbled and argued and debated, but now it was more likely to be over the best uses for a certain potions ingredient, the best literature—Muggle and Wizarding alike—the best answer to an Arithmancy or Ancient Runes problem, or a remark on the current political climate, laws regarding house elves and other magical creatures included. He had respected and admired her mind for many years—probably even before he even admitted to himself that she was simply brilliant, blood status notwithstanding—but their eighth year showed him just how brilliant she really was. She was widely read and remembered most everything she had read—except for Quidditch Through the Ages , which she had really just read to see what all the fuss was about. She knew so much about so many topics, both Muggle and Wizarding, and could take her wide-ranging knowledge and apply it to many different areas in different ways. As she became more comfortable with him, she frequently told him how refreshing it was to have someone who was on her intellectual level to debate with—her boys, as she called them, were very dear to her, but they were woefully uninterested in many of the things she was passionate about. Their friendship continued to deepen as the fall term progressed, and Draco increasingly found himself paying more attention to the fire in her eyes as she passionately argued her point than what she was actually saying. He slowly realized that he was attracted to her—had been for years, probably, considering how struck he was by her at the Yule Ball. She continued to be oblivious, and he wasn't about to enlighten her about his newfound feelings. Her relationship with the Weasel might have fizzled out as soon as it had started, but she was still Gryffindor's Golden Girl and he was still Slytherin's Prince. Plus, he couldn't help but think, in the most insecure parts of him, that she might one day decide that maintaining a friendship with him wasn't worth the opposition they were bound to face. They hadn't been friends long, but he could already tell that he wouldn't be able to bear that. He remembered when he first realized he was in love with her. It was early in December, and Granger was already fretting about term papers and exams. She was airing her concerns to Draco and he was inwardly chuckling at her swottiness as they patrolled the hallways near the kitchens. Suddenly, a figure jumped out from one of the side corridors. Upon seeing Draco, the unknown person ran headlong at him and hurtled them both into the wall. "Vile Death Eater scum! You shouldn't be allowed to be here! You should be in Azkaban where you belong! You killed my brother!" the assailant, who looked to be a young man in his early teens, said, thrusting his wand under Draco's chin. Draco's eyes widened. He actually hadn't killed anyone during the war. So why would anyone think…. He suddenly realized who this boy was. He didn't remember the name, but his assailant was the younger brother of that Gryffindor kid who had always followed Potter around, taking pictures every chance he got. Draco sucked in a deep breath as the boy's wand wavered. The boy's non-wand hand was gripping the front of Draco's robes and the two young men were moving slightly back and forth. Draco realized then that Granger was trying to pull the Gryffindor kid—Creepy? Creeby? Something that started with a C—off of him, but even Granger's wiry strength was no match for the sheer adrenaline of the broken boy in front of him. The kid—Creevey, Draco remembered now—was sobbing as he continued to yell at Draco. "Why are you still alive when my brother is dead? Why do you get to live when he doesn't?" Draco couldn't answer that question. He had wondered himself why he had lived when many others had died. He may not have killed the Creevey kid's older brother, but the death of the budding photographer still weighed on Draco. "I didn't kill your brother," said Draco finally. "I didn't kill your brother. I saw him, though. I…his death made me realize that I could be the next to die. Right after that was when I turned and started helping the Light side however I could while still keeping myself relatively safe." Draco felt two pairs of eyes on him. He couldn't focus on them, though; he was remembering