Notes: I'm back! So excited to finally get to post this. I've been working on it for months. I have five chapters already written, have decided what I want to do for the sixth chapter, and have most of the rest of the plot figured out. Thanks to my great team of first readers-ElleMalfoy65, slytherinmomma88, slytherinvillain, and Iloveplotbunnies/sirenofodysseus. You four are the greatest. Thanks for your insight and encouragement. I'm hoping to post one chapter a week, although the day may vary. Rated M for later chapters, but just to be on the safe side. Disclaimer: I own the books, the movies, and the cutest Hermione and Draco figurines, but I don't own the entire wizarding world. If you had told Hermione Granger five years ago that she would be friends with Draco Malfoy, she would have laughed in your face. Befriending Malfoy (at least then) seemed as likely as Hagrid ever realizing that his favorite creatures were, in fact, extremely dangerous or Voldemort giving up his quest for power and domination. But life has its own way of laughing back. X.X Amid the chaos that characterized the first few months following Voldemort's defeat, a couple of things completely shocked the Wizarding World. First, both Harry Potter and Hermione Granger had testified at Draco Malfoy's trial—in defense of their former classmate and nemesis. Harry had previously testified in defense of Narcissa Malfoy, citing her lie to Voldemort as the reason he had not been killed out in that field. Hermione joined him at the Wizengamot for Draco's trial, both of them relating how Draco had not given their identities away at the Manor, even though doing so would most likely have bolstered his standing with the Death Eaters and Voldemort. For Hermione's part, her willingness to take the stand on the side of the defense was born from her memories of sixth year. When Harry had become so focused on figuring out what Draco was up to during that year, Hermione had begun to watch him too, though not as constantly—she wanted to be able to give a more objective view of the situation if required. Harry may have been her dearest friend, but he was prone to wearing blinders when he became convinced of something. She didn't know whether her observations might be able to convince Harry to scale back his quest, but she had watched anyway. That year, for the first time, she saw Draco as something other than a mostly one-dimensional bully and bigot. She saw a complex human being who was obviously cracking under the strain of whatever events were consuming his time and thoughts. Whatever was going on, it was eating him alive. He obviously had a conscience, of sorts, and anything that could make the normally composed and arrogant Draco Malfoy break was not something to be taken lightly. Thus, Hermione had corroborated Harry's story of what had happened at the Manor that horrible day and the role that Draco had played in it. Secondly, both Narcissa and Draco had scraped by with reduced sentences. Narcissa was placed under house arrest for a year and a half, but was permitted the occasional visitor, provided that person was cleared for admittance by the Minister of Magic's office. She would then serve another year and a half of probation. Hermione and Harry's testimony had seemed to help Draco's case. He would have to redo his final year of Hogwarts—something Hermione had heard him tell his mother that he had already planned on doing—and then serve the Ministry of Magic in some sort of capacity for at least five years after graduation. Draco was much subdued at his trial, and Hermione could tell he wasn't just playing it up to try and get a lesser sentence. He still had a touch of his old arrogance, and he was still very much a Slytherin, but the war had definitely changed him. That didn't mean that Hermione was willing to befriend him, however. She did make up her mind to be civil to him when they crossed paths at Hogwarts—since they were the top two students in their year, they were sure to take many of the same classes. X.X To her delight—and no one's surprise—Hermione had been named Head Girl. To everyone's surprise—and Hermione's trepidation—the letter welcoming her back to Hogwarts and announcing her appointment to the coveted position had also informed her of the Head Boy's identity. Draco Malfoy. To say that his appointment was a complete shock would have been an understatement. Harry and Ron were both returning—they had wanted to jump right into Auror training, but apparently even the Boy Who Lived Twice and his best friend were required to take their N.E.W.T.s. The Aurors had promised them both a spot in the training camp after graduation, so the two young men were biding their time, it seemed, until they could leave school for good and pursue what was left of the Death Eaters. Hermione didn't think that Harry would have accepted the position of Head Boy if asked, however; he had said multiple times that he just wanted one year where he didn't have to worry about protecting or being responsible for others. And Ron—well, she loved him, she really did, but he didn't have the sense of responsibility required of the head students. Plus, he would most likely turn the Head's common room into an outpost for Weasley's Wizarding Wheezes, and no one wanted that. Well, no one with a sense of decency and order, anyway. However, in place of Harry and Ron, certainly there were other boys—men, now—who would have been selected before Malfoy? Neville, perhaps? Aside from Gryffindors, surely Terry Boot would have made the list. If a Slytherin was really what the administration wanted, surely Zabini or Nott were preferable to Malfoy. She might believe he had changed, but the past was still raw. X.X She considered writing a letter to McGonagall about Malfoy being named Head Boy, but eventually decided against it. She couldn't think of a diplomatic way to question the new Headmistress' decision, at least not via owl. September first came quickly, though. At the opening feast after the Sorting, Headmistress McGonagall had announced the Heads. In keeping with the theme of unity, one head student from each house—two from the "eighth year" and two from the seventh—had been chosen. Luna represented Ravenclaw, and her seventh year counterpart was Hufflepuff Rolf Scamander, grandson of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them author Newt Scamander. When the eighth year Heads were announced, there were cheers for Hermione, especially among the Gryffindors, and shocked silence for Malfoy. McGonagall took it upon herself to answer the unspoken question. "I am sure most of you are wondering about the appointments made this year," she said. "Suffice it to say that Dumbledore—his portrait, anyway—petitioned specifically for Mr. Malfoy to be appointed Head Boy. It was his hope that through the appointment of two of Hogwarts' most well-known students, the rest would come to unity through their guidance. "It may seem that Mr. Malfoy is an…unorthodox appointment," she continued, "but he has been cleared to return to Hogwarts. It is my hope, and the hope of all the teachers here, that this year be a fresh start for all of us. The time for war has passed; now is a time for peace." That just made everyone think more, if the whispered conversations going on around Hermione and around the Great Hall were any indication. Ginny tried to catch Hermione's eye, but she didn't want to talk about it until she had talked with McGonagall. At the end of the feast, McGonagall called for Hermione and Malfoy to come to her office. "I'm sure the two of you have even more questions about your appointments," McGonagall said after they had all set down. Hermione snuck a look at Malfoy to see how he would react. He looked to be in better shape than the young man who had been wasting away their sixth year. He had gained back the weight he had lost, and his skin didn't have a deathly cast to it. However, from what she could see, his eyes looked haunted. She could tell because hers looked much the same. He broke the silence then. "Well, it's obvious why Granger was chosen," he said, a bit of his old snark sneaking back into his baritone. "War hero and the brightest witch of the age—I'm sure no one else was even considered." To Hermione's surprise, Malfoy didn't seem to be mocking her at all—he seemed to be simply stating a fact. "We are very glad that Miss Granger is able to serve as Head Girl," McGonagall replied diplomatically. "Even if it's obvious why I was chosen, that still doesn't explain Malfoy," began Hermione. "Is there some kind of…underlying motive behind his being Head Boy?" There, she thought that sounded diplomatic enough. McGonagall sighed. "The events of the last two years have changed us all. As I said in my speech earlier, I want this to be a year where all the houses come together. I know it will be nigh impossible for everyone to become friends, especially those among the older students. However, I do expect civility from everyone. I would rather certain students never converse if it means they aren't attacking each other." Hermione looked at Malfoy out of the corner of her eye; surprisingly, he was looking back. "I don't mean the two of you," McGonagall clarified. "The two of you should at least attempt civility. As Heads you will have to work together quite often." "I was already planning on being civil to Malfoy," Hermione said. She saw Malfoy's head swivel to face her, but she kept her focus on McGonagall. "I am tired of fighting, tired of war. I will make every attempt to be civil, whether he does or not." "Same for me," Malfoy said simply. "I would just like to have a normal year at Hogwarts for once," Hermione continued. "Granger, I don't even know what a "normal" year here would be," Malfoy commented in his customary drawl. "Normal for us was filled with more events each year than most people encounter in a lifetime." "I don't know what a normal year would be either, honestly," admitted Hermione. "I just meant that it would be nice to have a year where the biggest problem is studying for N.E.W.T.s." Hermione heard a faint snort come from Malfoy's direction, but when she turned to ask what was so funny, he was simply nodding his head. "You didn't answer Granger's question about why I'm Head Boy," stated Malfoy. "And frankly, I'd like to know the answer to that myself." McGonagall sighed again. "As I said, this year is all about unity. That means that all the houses need to be on the same side as much as possible—or at the very least leave the rivalries to the Quidditch pitch and the House Cup. That includes Slytherin House, Mr. Malfoy. "I think it is safe to say that you would have the most influence over your fellow housemates, Mr. Malfoy." "Do I still?" he asked. "My parents and I—we defected to the Light. There could be some students here who will…hold that against me. I don't think they would follow my direction. They certainly wouldn't follow Granger's." "Only a handful of Slytherins from your year returned. I understand your concern, Mr. Malfoy, and it may be that some of the fifth, sixth, and seventh years feel this way. If that is the case, as Head Boy you will be living apart from the rest of Slytherin House, although of course you are welcome to visit your friends if you wish." "So what you're trying to say is that I'm in a position to lead the Slytherins, and even if some do not wish to follow my lead, me being Head Boy offers me some sort of protection?" "Precisely." "Am I