A/N: Hi, friends. Some wonderful people have seen drafts of this story months and months ago, but I'm hoping to get some additional insight/thoughts/comments. This story is based on the unsubstantiated fan theory that JK Rowling considered pairing Fred with Hermione. Maybe in another universe, she did. And maybe in another universe, he lived. And Hermione was struggling to her feet in the wreckage, and three red-headed men were grouped on the ground where the wall had blasted apart. Harry grabbed Hermione's hand as they staggered and stumbled over stone and wood. 'No - no - no!' someone was shouting. 'No! Fred! No!' And Percy was shaking his brother, and Ron was kneeling beside them, and Fred's eyes stared without seeing, the ghost of his last laugh still etched upon his face. - The Deathly Hallows ... PART ONE: Come and Go ... "Cor, Hermione, you just graduated, and you're already going back?" Hermione scowled at Ron across the breakfast table, her knee-jerk retort temporarily dammed up behind a mouthful of eggy bread. He'd strategically waited to start in on her until she'd bit into her breakfast, she was sure of it. As she glared, Harry appeared behind her. He placed a fresh heap of bacon on the table, nudging the plate toward Ron. Directly after, his hands found Hermione's shoulders. "Are you really that surprised, mate?" Harry asked, his tone light. "Professor McGonagall is obviously trying to lure Hermione back to Hogwarts for good, like she's doing for Neville. I bet she would've owled before, too, if Hermione hadn't just gotten back from Australia on Saturday." She narrowed her eyes. That was most certainly not Professor McGonagall's intent. "I don't understand it is all." Ron looked to Hermione. "You escaped. Graduated . And now, not even a month later, you're going back to do more schoolwork. It's madness!" Hermione nearly choked in an effort to swallow faster. She gulped before gasping, "I'm doing work for the school, Ron. Not schoolwork . It's not like an assignment, you know. It's because of the rooms, like I've been saying." "Are you going to the library and writing up a report for McGonagall, or aren't you?" "That's part of it, eventually, but - " Ron waved a stubby, bitten piece of bacon dismissively. "Sounds like schoolwork to me." Oh, and what would he know! Harry's hands squeezed, his thumbs pressing pointedly behind her tensed up shoulder-blades. She snapped her mouth shut. She wanted to shrug Harry's hands off of her shoulders, too, feeling a quick, ungainly surge of anger at his insight. That he was able to read her intentions so well, stop her seconds before she could form a cutting retort, and, in the process, prevent her from escalating an innocuous morning quibble into an all out fight—it was frustrating. Infuriating. She frowned, exhaling through her nose. No, it wasn't. It was a reactive impulse, and an unfair one. Harry was only trying to help. Had been trying to help since she got here. So she swallowed her misplaced anger, keeping still. And Ron? Well, Ron was just joking. She knew that. He was teasing her like he used to on a subject that he used to, and that was, indeed, infuriatingly familiar. But at the same time, it wasn't—familiar, that is. There was a bitter undercurrent to his words that she could see plain as day, even if Harry couldn't. Even if Ron didn't actually mean it. Or know he meant it, at least. Because—and this was the crux of the matter, wasn't it?—a year of distance hadn't stopped Harry and Ginny. If anything, it had strengthened them. But whatever tentatively forming thing she'd thought had been forming between her and Ron had flickered, then faded. Now, there was just a wisp of a what-could-have-been where there should've been something solid and tangible and real. Hogwarts, apparently, was to blame. And so was her choice to attend. Harry gave a short laugh, breaking the silence. "Yeah, okay. ' Schoolwork .' Nice try pretending you don't have to write up reports, Ron. Because those weekly papers we both turn into Robards say something different," he said, sitting down at the table next to Hermione. He refilled his mug with strong, oversteeped black tea, having already eaten with Ginny when she'd had to be up and out the door for six o'clock practice. "At least I'm getting paid for it." "Yeah, well, you won't be for much longer if you don't finish yours up by today, mate. It was due Friday." Ron flashed a rude gesture, but it was devoid of any real heat. He was more interested in plopping the remainder of his bacon in his mouth and chewing, looking annoyingly morose. It wasn't until warm porcelain bumped into her hands that she realized she'd been clenching them tightly in her lap. After grasping the cup from Harry, she smiled at him—or tried to, anyway. It probably looked like a grimace more than anything. Harry smiled back, though, raising his mug to her in a mock salute before taking a sip. She rolled her eyes at him but followed his lead, feeling herself simultaneously relax and perk up as the warm, bitter tea flooded her, doing a great deal to clear her head and calm her down. She exhaled, and additional tension unspooled. Jetlag, it seemed, still had her in its merry clutches, reeking havoc on her mood. She should really try to remember that. Her internal clock was off, yes, but that was no excuse to pick fights or fall to emotional extremes. She wasn't a child anymore. She was better than that. Merlin, though, was she tired. Yes. Tired. She grasped the porcelain mug tighter and took another calming sip. Things were fine and good, and she was fine and good, and today would be fine and good even if it killed her. In the hallway, an actual clock began to sound. It blared loudly, more like a siren than a tolling clock. Ron groaned, a rough, guttural noise, and buried his head in his arms, looking for all the world like an ostrich sticking its head in the sand. Nine long blares rang through the kitchen, shaking the cabinets and the dishes. Harry stood, knocking back his tea in two huge gulps. Shortly thereafter, a large navy Auror robe was flung across the table, hitting Ron on the head and covering him entirely with a swish of billowing fabric. "Up you get, you git, or we'll be late," Harry said, shrugging on his own robe. "You know it's only set a little fast." Ron groaned again, but the tent-like navy fabric started moving, bits and pieces bunching up at odd, clumsy angles, as if he was trying to put it on without lifting his head. Which, come to think of it, he probably was. Hermione looked from Ron to Harry and back. Harry, for his part, had lifted his glasses and was pinching the bridge of his nose while glancing at the ceiling, as if beseeching some nameless yet often called upon force for strength. This was probably because Ron's arms were high in the air, ensleeved by his work uniform. He'd succeeded in finding the armholes alright, but he'd put the robe on backwards, and his face was a solid dark blue mask. The entire scene was so stupid . Merlin, these boys were complete idiots, weren't they? She snorted softly into her cup, unable to help it. Issues with Ron aside, she'd missed these fools rather a lot. "You two are going to be late, you know," she said, sitting up primly. The urge to smile was nearly overwhelming. "Honestly, I haven't the slightest as to how you managed without me for an entire year." "She's right," Harry said, "Ron, get up. Let's go." Ron grumbled. Harry kicked the table. "Into the Floo, Ron. Now ." "Yes, mum , alright," Ron said from behind a mask of navy. "I heard you the first bloody time." "Then get up the first bloody time," Harry mimicked. "And I am not your mum." "Thank Merlin for that," Ron said, pulling the robe from his face just in time to see Harry throw two fingers at him. Ron snorted and stood, rearranging his robes and grabbing up his wand, stuffing it into his inner breast pocket. He grabbed up the large plate of bacon, too, and made his way toward Grimmauld Place's kitchen fireplace, munching glumly and dragging his feet the closer he got. Hermione watched it all with fond amusement, giving into the light, pulling urge and smiling as she took in the boys' domestic routine, like and not like what she'd imagined. Through their pouting banter, she could see the boys were happy together, content and silly and consumed with postgraduate concerns. It was normal. It was nice . Their dynamic had shifted without her there, of course. They'd grown together, up and around the parts she used to fill. But she was back now. Could be part of it all again. Was still part of it, in a way. "Uh, you okay if I take the rest of this with me?" Ron asked, pausing just before the Floo and gesturing to the plate in his hands. Hermione stiffened, muscles taut and smile frozen in place. "Still vegetarian," she answered. "So go ahead. Have at it." Ron winced. "Right. Sorry, Hermione, I knew that. My head will straighten itself out sometime around noon." "Sure." Hermione flapped her hand, her stiff smile growing wider, cracking at the edges. "Of course. Now go, before you're even later than you are now." Harry, to prove her point, had pulled his pocket watch out, the one Mr. and Mrs. Weasley had given him years ago, and started fiddling with it, an absent, nervous habit. Ron opened his mouth, looking like he wanted to say something, but he must have thought better of it, because after half a second, he turned, went through the fireplace, and was gone. Instead of following in Ron's wake like she expected, Harry lingered, glancing at her. They shared a look. "So," Hermione began, the word clipped. "Ron hates his job." Harry raised an eyebrow. "Really?" he deadpanned. "I had no idea." Hermione rolled her eyes, relaxing just a little. "When is he going to quit and start working for George, again?" "Working with George. That's a sticking point. And as for when," Harry trailed off, shrugging. "Who knows? A couple of months? More? I wouldn't be surprised if it was next week or next year, honestly. Both of them have their reasons for not moving faster — not that I'm even sure Ron has realized just how much he wants to work with him yet, mind." Harry looked at the floor and coughed. "It can, uh, take him awhile to come around sometimes." "That's one way to put it," Hermione muttered, standing. She picked up her wand, banishing the used dishes into the kitchen proper. The porcelain vanished, then reappeared with a muffled clink in the sink basin. Another movement, and warm, sudsy water flowed from the tap. "Ahh!" Harry cried, throwing an arm out. "No, stop! I was serious this morning. If you don't let Kreacher do those, he'll throw a complete fit." She paused, frowning. "You're joking." "I'm really not," he said. "Kreacher's an elephant. He doesn't forget; you know that. He's only just stopped going on about all the knitting and baking you did over Christmas, so for the sake of everyone living in this house, please don't." "It's just a few dishes, Harry. It'll take a minute . Less than." "Seriously, Hermione. Please." He raised his hands, palms out. "Do not stand on this hill. Not so early on a Monday." "Fine," she said bruskly, turning off the tap with a flick of her wrist. She sat, slumping back in her chair. "Good, okay," Harry responded, relieved, but then he fidgeted, glancing at