I was once an innocent boy. I was once just a naive child treading the waters. But then they came and dragged me down as wave after wave came crashing down on me. I was once golden. But they came and colored me black. I once smiled and laughed freely. But those muscles have forgotten that motion by now, and my ears don't remember that musical sound anymore. Instead, I can easily twist my face into a cold sneer, and my ears are filled with insane cackles and tortured screams. Like any other child, I had a few cracks. But they came and fixed them. I had a family. I had friends. Oh, how innocent I was back then. They came and shattered that carefree life, abolished those happy memories, and ripped off the bandages that they had put on in the first place. They demolished my spirit. They completely and utterly destroyed me. My whole life had been a lie. I thought that was the end. I would rot away in some dank cell, forever tortured by those looks of hatred and disgust in their faces until the day I died. I thought I was just a lost soul, waiting for death to find me. I thought I was broken beyond repair. But my thoughts of despair turned to revenge. It had started with a single tendril, but that tendril grasped hold of my other thoughts until I was consumed by it, conquered by it. I stayed that way for a long time, until the day I conquered it . That was day everything changed. That was the day i became Hell . The end of the world is coming. You will know it when you see. Many think it will be the glowing Dark Mark hovering above Hogwarts. But they are wrong. The end of the world will be reflected in my jaded eyes. I am Harry Potter, and this is my story. O•O•O "Harry, my boy, how could you?" These were the first words Harry heard when he awoke from his sleep. "What?" he asked groggily, his mind still transitioning from his dreams to the real world. For once he remembered his vivid dreams. He'd been having these dreams for almost a month now, but when he woke up, they would always be just out of reach as if teasing him. Nevertheless, he knew there was something important about the dreams. He'd always wake up with a sense of urgency but no account of what brought it on. This had frustrated him so much so he couldn't possibly be blamed for ignoring Dumbledore in favor of exploring his dream. In his dream there had been a room full of bright white light. Harry blinked open his eyes and immediately snapped them shut to escape the blinding light attacking his vision. Disoriented, he had stumbled around for a while, unable to see. Suddenly, there a noise, a purr to be exact, sounding from behind him. Panicking, he opened his eyes to try to locate the source of the noise. "Aaaaargh!" he cried out as the light assaulted him once more. "Who's there," he asked and after receiving another purr in return he said, "I'm not afraid to fight you!" Harry dug for his wand but came up with nothing. His breath was coming in gasps now. This creature had stolen his wand! He was defenseless, Harry realized. Sirius. Hermione. Ron. Mrs. Weasley. Dumbledore. Remus. He couldn't leave them behind. Bending his knees into a fighting stance Harry raised his fists. He wasn't going down without a fight. "Child, open your eyes." The voice was mesmerizing, and Harry was compelled to obey. The Imperius curse, fight it Harry, fight it. Whoever this was, they were dark. They were evil. Was this a plot of Voldemort's? The person chuckled sadly. "Oh child, look at what they have done to you. Open your eyes." Squeezing his eyes shut, Harry fought against the command. The person wanted to render him blind and disoriented so he would be easier prey. Well he wouldn't do it. He would fight. He would- "OPEN YOUR EYES." The voice was hypnotizing and powerful. It was enticing. It was light and dark at the same time, and Harry had no choice but to obey the voice, all thoughts of fighting had left him. As he was cracking his eyes open, Harry suddenly realized what he was doing. Helpless to control his own action, Harry stood there, waiting of the inevitable. Time seemed to slow down as he thought for what creative awaited him. Was it Voldemort? Had sent summoned some kind of demon from Hell? It had to be something dark, for to control someone else's will or action was dark right? It had to be- His mother? The first thing Harry registered was a beautiful women with flaming red and hair and sparkling green eyes. The same eyes he looked into every morning. The same eyes he saw staring back at him when he looked into the Mirror and Erised. "Mum?" he choked out, ignoring the lump the size of Britain lodged in his throat. "Mum? What are you doing here?" His mother smiled sadly at him. "Oh Harry, look at what they've to you." Her emerald eyes were filled with sorrow and regret. "Mum? What are you talking about? Whose done what to me? I'm fine. I mean as fine as I can be with a mad man after me." Again his mother smiled. "Yes, Albus Dumbledore is quite the mad man." Harry choked. "What!? Dumbledore? I'm talking about Voldemort. Mum, what's wrong? You know, Voldemort. The man who killed you." His mum just continued to smile sadly at him. The edges of his visit started to fade and it was only then that Harry remembered where he was. "Mum! Don't leave! Please Mum, please stay. Please, I miss you." Harry hated how his voice had cracked at the end. He was a fighter. He couldn't cry. His mum just smiled that haunting smile of hers. "Oh Harry, why can't you see what they've done to you." Harry jerked back into reality and found himself staring into the face of Albus Dumbledore. Against his will, the words of his mother came floating back to the front of his mind. Yes, Albus Dumbledore is quite the mad man. Disoriented, Harry shook his head. Unfortunately, Dumbledore had apparently asked him a question and took his shake of a head as a negative response. "I see." said the Headmaster, his tone turning cold and his eye losing their constant twinkle. "I'm afraid then that you will have to be arrested for murder." Harry's eyes widened. What? "I'm sorry sir, I wasn't quite listening and so, I did not hear the question. You must've taken my shake of the head as a response to your question, but I was actually trying to dispel some thoughts in my head." Harry hurriedly trie to explain. Azkaban? Did Dumbledore just try to send hi to Azkaban? What was going on? "Harry Potter do not try to lie your way out of this. I have fed you with Veritaserum. The truth has been revealed. Aurora, seize him." Dumbledore thundered down at Harry, and for once Harry was truly frightened of the Headmaster. He could see why Dumbledore was the leader of the light. He truly was powerful enough to rival Voldemort. Turning back to Harry, Dumbledore spoke, "I was afraid that you would become too much like Tom Riddle. It appears that my fears have come true. Really, how could you kill your own family Harry." Widening his eyes Harry froze. How could they suspect him of killing his family? Sure they didn't get along but… Suddenly there was a commotion outside the door and Ron and Hermione came storming in. Harry breathed a sigh of relief. They would defend him. They knew that he would never- "How could you, you- you SLIMY SNAKE!" "We trusted you" "You're no better than Voldemort." "You've probably already joined with that bastard." "Yeah, probably killed Cedric yourself too." Harry watched, stunned, with tears slipping freely down his cheeks as his best friends turned on him. How could they believe he had actually killed someone? Didn't they know him? Thinking back to the fights with Ron and Hermione, Harry concluded that Ron was still blinded by his thoughts of fame and prejudices, and Hermione still blinded by her belief in authority. Still though, didn't they know him at all? Harry was so caught up in his thoughts that he didn't even notice was being shoved down the steps and into the Entrance Hall. People stopped and stared, whispering to their neighbors. Harry managed to catch quite a few of their conversations. "Heard about what he did." "How could he be so merciless." "He's a monster." A monster. A monster. A monster. Monster. The words echoed around in Harry's head. I'm not a monster. I didn't do it, he wanted to shout but couldn't under the Silencing spell Hermione had put him under. "STOP!" a voice shouted clearly towards them. Recognizing the voice, Harry was consumed with anxiety and anticipation. Sirius. What if he too believed the worst in Harry. He quickly quelled that thought. It was Sirius for Merlin's sake! Sirius knew him. He was his godfather. Grinning, Harry turned around…only to twist his expression into one of complete pain and betrayal the moment he saw his godfather's eyes. They were full of blame and disgust. Of hatred and revulsion. Of the deepest loathing and rage. O•O•O Looking into those silver eyes, I broke a little. It was a small crack. But nevertheless, it was one of those small cracks that would spread. Like a small spiderweb-like crack on glass which would keep on traveling outward until it reached the edges and shattered the whole piece. And like the spiderweb, the crack inside me would spread too until I shattered. Oh how broken I would be, how utterly broken . But like a spiderweb, there had to be some sort of push, something to keep it spreading. Otherwise, it would just stay that one single mark on the glass. Perhaps it was the wind, or perhaps it was other various cracks that would yearn towards each other. For me, it was Draco Malfoy and his father, Professor Malfoy. Oh yes, Lucius Malfoy was the new Defense against the Dark Arts Professor. I remember how Ron flew into a rage about him teaching the innocent children the Dark Arts and training them for his master. But the main thing that bothered Ron was Draco Malfoy. He snarled and screamed about how Draco Malfoy would be acting oh so superior now. He couldn't wait to punch that ferret into his daddy's arms. How he fumed about Malfoy for weeks on end! For Hermione, Professor Lucius Malfoy meant something different. After all, he was a professor now, and all professors deserved respect. She was worried about how he would react to her, and whether he would try to block her studies. She didn't once question his placement there. After all, Dumbledore had accepted his placement so therefore, everything was fine right? She didn't once think that Lucius Malfoy was at Hogwarts to carry out a mission for the Dark Lord. And so Ron and Hermione would contribute to the push that would send me to the gallows, as the Muggles say. But looking into the silver eyes of Draco Malfoy and Lucius Malfoy that were so similar to the silver eyes of Sirius Black, I started to break. Three sets of the same eyes that held three different meanings: One set held only contempt for me. I think you can guess who those eyes belong to. Another set held a flicker of remorse and indecision. It was just a flicker but for the owner of those eyes, a flicker was everything. The third though, the third was what really ruined me.