High in a castle tower, a snowy-bearded old man sat stoically; quietly sipping on his amber colored beverage, lost to his current tidal wave of thoughts. The sun had set mere minutes prior, but already the room was cast in deep shadow. It would have been effortless for him to light the hearth, let alone a few candles; but so intent was he, in the object of his musings, that he hadn't moved in well over an hour, save for occasionally lifting his glass to take a drag of his firewhisky. An old cloak lay spayed on the surface of his ornate desk, the sight of which visibly upset the otherwise unflappable elder. A series roucus bangs from the courtyard below finally roused the headmaster from his bitter contemplations. Any other day, he would have expected such an occurrence to herald the arrival of properly cowed youngster, but this wasn't any other day. Rising to his feet, Albus Dumbledore lazily strolled to his westward-facing window, just as a brilliant display of sparks flashed past before a much louder bang issued from the nearby exploding fireworks; bringing a sad smile to his weary-worn face. The somber mood permeating the office belayed the exceedingly celebratory state the rest of Wizarding Britain was experiencing. Every portion Albus could see of the castle grounds, in the dwindling twilight, were filled with students, truly joyous for the first time in far too long. Lord Voldemort, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, Tom Marvolo Riddle, was defeated. The self appointed dark lord had been the bane of good natured witches and wizards for nearly twenty years. Many scores of them were murdered or tortured at the hands of Voldemort, and his Death Eaters; though the muggle world suffered all the more greatly, in spite of not even being aware of the threat. The dark lord, and his followers, were of a single mind in their hatred of muggles, and the muggles' magical offspring, who they saw as usurpers of the pureblood wizards' birthright. So greatly was he feared that very few souls were brave enough to even speak his name. Yes, Lord Voldemort's defeat was cause for all to celebrate in a way they hadn't for so long; except, of course, for those facing trial for the atrocities committed in his name. Alone, Dumbledore was, in his refusal to partake in the festivities occurring in every corner of Hogwarts castle. His refusal was fueled by guilt. Not guilt for committing crimes in the name of Voldemort, as he had certainly never done; quite the contrary, in fact. The headmaster was actually a hero to all who dared defy the monster; so why then was he in such a morose funk? It was guilt at being the reason two, nearly three, people had died the night prior. Oddly enough, it was the death of these people that saw the downfall of the most feared wizard in history. That knowledge was a mere pittance of comfort. Logically, Albus knew he was not to blame for the deaths of James and Lily Potter, but he could not shake the pit of shame that had risen in his stomach. No one could understand how the attempted murder of a small child could usher the in death of a seemingly immortal beast, though Dumbledore had his suspicions. None of this could change the fact that two of his favorite former students were dead, orphaning their only child. At that thought, he sighed and turned to stare, once again, at the ancient garment on his desk. The cloak could easily have saved the Potters from their tragic fate, but he had been so enamored by its hidden power, that he had deprived James of his ancient family's longest held heirloom. He had requested it earlier in the week, for study, unaware of the fact that it would be needed to save the lives of its owners in just a few short days. The Cloak of Invisibility was a powerful relic of the ancient world, and one of three seemingly innocuous items that, when united, would grant the bearer powers far beyond that of any mere mortal. They were the Deathly Hallows, and together would make their bearer the master of death, itself. The Deathly Hallows had been an obsession of Dumbledore's since his early life. With age, and some powerful experiences, came the realization that such a power could do nothing but destroy; and so, the professor gave up his foolish ambition; choosing, instead, to live for his noble calling as teacher and mentor to young minds in need of education and direction. A fulfilling life, to be sure, and Albus had no regrets in that regard; but when the artifact had come to his attention, his old obsession returned with abandon. With hindsight, the Headmaster had to acknowledge his suspension of wisdom and the terrible damage it had caused. Any joy he had garnered by the happy exuberance of his students vanished quickly upon returning his thoughts to his great shame. Slowly he removed an ornately carved wooden instrument from inside his sleeve and gazed at it, momentarily, before igniting his fireplace with a lazy gesture; sighing as he did so. Upon returning to his chair and firewhisky, he laid his magic wand atop the cloak and downed the last ounce of his drink. Dumbledore was about to retire to his connected suite, when the air surrounding him suddenly became heavy with a magical charge. His senses on high alert, he stood with a speed that belayed his advanced age; wand already in hand and steadily pointed toward the center of the room, where a large cracked stone gateway was flickering in and out of existence, in rapidly increasing succession. In a matter of seconds, the gateway fully materialized and a young man was hurtled through before it closed in on itself with a flash of brilliant blue light, and a loud clap. Without wasting any time on disbelief, Albus Dumbledore flourished his wand at the newcomer while shouting "Expelliarmus!" A red flash of light issued from the tip of his weapon and was sent speeding toward the unmoving newcomer. An instant before it would have hit its intended target, the spell rebounded on its caster with the sound of a dull gong being struck. The headmaster was so stunned by this turn of events, that he had not properly shielded himself before he was struck by his own spell. The wand that had been his ally for near half a century was wrenched from grasp and sent sailing through the air before being swiftly caught, as if on instinct, by the young raven-haired man laying prone before him. In this moment, Dumbledore recognized just who had come through the portal. Uttering a word of stunned disbelief; with wide eyes he whispered "James." It was a few seconds before the young man stood, shakily as he did so, and answered. "I'm not my father," he said. Upon closer inspection, the man did look very much like James Potter, but with subtle other differences; foremost being his emerald-green eyes. James' eyes were brown. "Who are you," demanded Albus, gazing intently at his intruder. The finality with which he asked it was testament to his Gryffindor heart. Even without his wand, Dumbledore was formidable; but the fact that this unknown man now held the Elder Wand, would have been cause for anyone to feel a swell of dread. Dumbledore, however, pushed his growing sense of fear aside in hopes that he could think of a way to overcome the suddenly more powerful wizard. "Harry Potter, professor. I came back here to change... well, everything. What's the date, today?" The assured calm with which the young man said it did little to assuage the headmaster's trepidation because of one glaring fact. Almost conversationally, Dumbledore spoke. "I have never known of a 'Harry Potter.' James has no living relatives, so unless you can convince me otherwise, I see no point delaying the inevitable with this pointless exchange. I don't know how your master died, so kill me and be done with it, Death Eater; but rest assured, I shall resist with all the power I have, and I have a considerable amount." Dumbledore's words were met with a confused expression. A few beats passed before a look of recognition passed over Harry's features. "Voldemort's dead? So I'm at least in 1981..." The young wizard's words devolved into quiet muttering as his gaze seemed to turn inward. Dumbledore, seeing his change, quickly raised his hand. There was a flash of red and gold as Fawkes, Dumbledore's phoenix familiar, answered his master's wordless summons and began racing toward the old man. With a speed few wizards could accomplish, Harry flicked his newly acquired wand toward the large bird of prey. With a shout of "Arrestomomentum," Fawkes was frozen in midair. "I don't mean to be rude, professor, but I can't have you disappearing on me. I came here to talk to you. It's extremely important, so use whatever means you need to be able to determine the truth; Veritaserum, if you must." With that, he strode to a chair in front of the desk, behind which Dumbledore still stood, and sat; laying the Elder Wand on the desktop before him, still clearly within reach. "Very well. I will listen to what you have to say." At that, the headmaster returned to his chair. Harry took up his wand, once again, as Dumbledore opened a drawer to his left. Raising his hands in a sign of nonaggression, the old man carefully pulled out another glass; and a phial of clear liquid from the drawer beneath the first one. Reaching for his snifter of brandy, he poured two glasses; upending the container of truth potion into the cup he then passed to the young man sitting across from him. Harry took the proffered glass and downed its contents in a single pull, wincing slightly as the bitter alcohol burned its way down his throat. After a moment of silence, he set down his wand and commenced with his story. "As I said, professor, I'm Harry Potter; son of James and Lily. I came from the future; 2003, to be exact. Well, sort of. It's more of universal travel, rather than time. I was assured this world was almost exactly the same as the one I left. The world I came from was... in a bad way. Unsaveable." "Voldemort returned? I knew Tom wasn't truly gone." Albus Dumbledore stated, his curiosity getting the better of him. The headmaster had always prided himself on his almost infallible intuition, so when his gut screamed that Voldemort still lived, he felt certain it was so. "No-well, yes, but that's not why I came here. Voldemort returned in my fourth year at Hogwarts, and I killed him for good, in my seventh. I destroyed his horcruxes and fought him in the Great Hall, actually." "Horcuxes? That explains how he survived his rebounded curse. No wizard I've ever heard of has created more than one of those abominations. How many did he make?" Dumbledore asked, leaning forward in his chair now, clearly interested in what this 'Harry Potter' was telling him. "Seven." Harry said and began counting them off with his fingers. "His diary, his grandfather's ring, Slytherin's locket, a cup owned by Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw's crown, and... me." Harry said, lightly tapping the lightning bolt scar above his right eye. "Though he didn't mean to turn me into one, he was planning to create his seventh horcrux with my death. He was certain seven horcruxes would make him truly invincible, and who better to be his last sacrifice than the boy prophesied to be his potential downfall? Fat lot of good it did him. Anyway,-" but Harry was interrupted before he could continue with the new direction toward which he was trying to steer the conversation. "You know of the prophecy? How?" The shrewd old man asked, all pretense of