The Tale of Adelaide II HA-HA! Had to make a second one! Like the title says…this story is packed with Rohan stuff (for all you girls who have crushes on Theoden, Eomer, Wormtongue, Gamling, Hama, or any man who rides a horse…); Adelaide/Eowyn chick power (because girls in pairs are 2xTROUBLE!); more bad language than ever before (the uncensored version!); enough beer to float the Titanic; and love scenes so passionately graphic your computer will fry to a crisp. Reviews are ALWAYS welcome! Also, I would like to apologize beforehand for anything that seems "impossible" or "out-of-place." The truth is, this is a fanfiction, where the impossible often becomes possible, so please bear with me…even though I try my hardest to play along with the history and chronological order of events, there ARE some things that are a little out of place. Just bear with it, and enjoy the story. Otherwise…let the party begin. DISCLAIMER: I don't own anybody or anything except Adelaide. Chapter One Smeagol, You've Been Owned There was Gandalf, standing on the bridge, the Balrog seething with rage, and ready to kill him. Terrible was the whip he held, though Gandalf had brought him down by sword. Now the great beast came on again, and lashed out, but the bridge beneath him crumbled and fell. The Balrog disappeared with a terrible roar, belching fire and puffing smoke. Like vomit, the black ash spewed around him and cursed up into the sky, sending shards and sparks of lightning to the very ceiling of the rocky cavern. His weight fell like an anchor, and they saw him no more. But his fiery whip came back up, curling and whipping like a tongue of fire. It lashed around the wizard's ankles, pulling him after. Gandalf crumbled over the edge, barely hanging on. "Fly you fools!" cried he, and he was gone. But down, down, he dropped, and through the great pit of Kazhad-dum he fell, without hurting himself. Like a spear of fire himself, he went after the great burning mass of fire and coal, and there was his sword, Glamdring, falling like an arrow with him. He clutched at it and sailed after his foe. Great curses he yelled, and his eyes were hard-set after his prey. The mighty breath stole around him, nearly choking him and clogging his lungs, but he continued to fall. Sweat rolled down his wrinkled face, and his brow furrowed. Glamdring shone white and whistled as if in challenge. Down, down he went, further than mortal men could ever say or know. Finally he caught up to the demon balrog, slashing at his rock-hard chest with the terrible sword, sending showers of sparks in all direction, and yelling terribly. The hate of the fire roared, and the terrible ferocity of the wizard pushed both of them, locked together, towards the ending of the pit…to what End? Gandalf…Gandalf! "Gandalf!" Frodo said, suddenly, startling out of his dream, and coming back into reality. He was lying on his small bed of stones, with sparse grass around. He shivered, and reached for his blanket, and then reached out with his small hand. It met with cold air, and he drew it back to his body, shuddering with horror. Usually Adelaide was not so far away that he had to reach, but now she was gone. Frodo sat up, now unable to sleep, and let tears slip down his cheeks. Sam had woken up, and was startled to hear his master crying. "Mr. Frodo?" he asked. "Nothing, Sam. Just a dream," said Frodo quietly, and lay back down. "Only a dream." The two hobbits were off on their way to accomplish their great goal of throwing the Ring into the fires of Mt. Doom, in order to save Middle Earth. In case you never read The Fellowship of the Ring , which was really dumb of you not to, you would have also read who Frodo and Sam were, who Adelaide was, and who all the other characters are. Anyway, now they were separated. Adelaide had gone with Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli to hunt down the Uruks who had taken Merry and Pippin captive. Gandalf was gone (as you can tell by the dream), and Frodo and Sam were on their own. If any one of these characters are not familiar to you, read The Fellowship of the Ring . Frodo and Sam hiked that day and into the afternoon. Surrounding them were great foundations of stone that could easily hurt and tear tender feet. But hobbits have rough soles on their feet, like shoes, and so what might have torn and shredded a man's foot, a hobbit could handle. Frodo and Sam barely minded these rocks. There was sparse grass about too, and not much life could be seen. Already the hobbits were descending into the land of Mordor, where shadows lie. And how terrible it was! Silence lay all around them, and Sam even tried talking to Frodo, and he to him, to get their spirits up and going. Now and then a nasty smell would be present. But Frodo's mind was set on his goal, and he would not shirk from it. "Mordor," said Sam. "The one place in the world we don't want to see, and that's the place we're trying to get to." Sam always put things so well, Frodo had to admit. Mordor was a place that no one really wanted to go see. Its black heart was a pit of seemingly endless days; pain, torture, and death were its ways. Fire rumbled beneath the surface, and terror filled every corner, desolate and without hope. The endless miles of black and gray rock stretched on for miles, and there between the hobbits and the land of shadow were orcs and other nasty thing, vomiting and spilling their terror everywhere they could possibly do it. It seemed to be an oblivion of dark murder. "It seems such a long way off," he murmured. "I wonder how long it will take to get there." "If I were as good with letters like you, Mr. Frodo, I'd keep a log," Sam pronounced. "Then we could keep track of the days." "I wish we had a watch," Frodo lamented. "Then we could keep track of the time." "Watch the sun, Mr. Frodo," Sam said helpfully. "You can see its tracings with the shadows. We might make a sun-dial. My old Gaffer taught me how to do that." "Did he teach you how to hike a million miles to a volcano?" Frodo teased. "Well, Mr. Frodo, he didn't rightly teach me how to do that, but I guess if we just sort of eyeball it, and head in that general direction, we might get there. Haven't you got no map?" "I wish I did, but nobody wanted to map the way to Mordor," Frodo sighed. "A pity. A map would be of even more use than a watch or sun-dial." They continued their journey, stopping every once in a while to view their surroundings. At last, they came to a knoll, or at least a sharp edge, and it was to a rock that Sam tied a tight knot with the Elven rope the Lady Galadriel had given him (you can read about her in the Fellowship ). Frodo went down first, with Sam after him. Sam then hollered to Frodo if he could see the bottom. "No," called Frodo. "Just don't look down, Sam!" Sam started to grumble, and then lost his footing. Something very precious slipped from his pack, and he gasped. "Catch it, Mr. Frodo!" he called, and Frodo put out his hand, catching a little wooden box. But that action caused him to slip also, and he lost his grip on the rope. Screaming, he fell, and Sam yelled after him. "MR. FRODO!" The scream was cut short with an "oof!" and then a, "I think I found the bottom!" Sam hurried down as fast as he could. "It ain't natural!" he cried. "Not none of it!" What he meant, Frodo did not know. He was peeking in the little wooden box he'd caught for his friend. "What's in this?" he asked. Sam shifted his pack. "Nothing important." Frodo gave him a look, and Sam cringed slightly. "It's…it's just a bit of salt. You know, just in case we might be having roast chicken some night, or something." "Roast Chicken?" Frodo laughed, and Sam blushed. "You never know!" "Sam! My dear Sam…" "It's very special, that. It's the best salt in all the Shire." "It is special, Sam," said Frodo, smiling. "It's a little bit of home." He was amused by his friend's sense of humor, and amused too, by the image that simple salt conjured up. It reminded him so much of his home at Bag End, and the warm nights by the fire, reading a book and sipping tea while Adelaide bustled about in her little apron and prepared a hot mushroom pie for him. Oh, on nights like those, anything magical could happen! Frodo smiled self-consciously. "I wonder," he mused. "If Miss Rosie Cotton cooked with such as that." Sam, who knew his master was teasing him, blushed again. "She did, sir, that she did. A fine cook, my Rosie! She knew how to make stuffed mushrooms with leek potato salad, and a fine job she did of bakin' bread, too! Why, my Rosie could spread such a table as would make your mouth water, Mr. Frodo!" "So could Adelaide. She was always experimenting with new things. I remember, once, when she presented me with something she called 'hamburgers.' Took her forever to get them made, she said. She served them with fried potato chips, vegetables, and a good deal of salad. I must have eaten at least six of those delicious things…" Sam smiled. "Do you miss her, Mr. Frodo?" "Do you miss Rosie?" Sam blushed. "Of course I do. It's just that…well, me 'n Rosie weren't dating like you and Adelaide." Frodo chuckled. "But you love her, don't you, Sam?" "Of course I do!" "Then you must miss her…like I miss my Adelaide." He touched the picture of Adelaide that he kept in his back pocket. He had sewn it shut in there so that it could not fall out. "I wish we had her here," he said. "She'd be pleased as punch to go to Mordor. She used to say that it was the one place she wanted a closer look at. I wish I could have let her come! But I couldn't. Not with her charms." He laughed. "I'd just as soon throw the Ring away, bolt for her, and take her home! No, I couldn't possibly bring her along." "I'd rather Rosie stayed at home," Sam said firmly. "I wouldn't want her to see this." He looked up and gave a sudden cry. "Noodles! My beautiful rope!" He looked up in dismay, and Frodo sighed. "We can't just leave it here for someone to follow us down," he said, and Sam grumbled. "Who's going to follow us down here, Mr. Frodo? It's a shame really. Galadriel gave me that rope," he sighed, remembering the beautiful Elf Queen of Lothlorien. "Well, there's nothing for it. It's one of my knots. Won't come free in a hurry." He gave a parting tug on it with tears in his eyes. But to the hobbits' amazement, the rope undid itself and slithered down, landing in a pile between them. They looked at it, then at each other, and Frodo grinned at Sam. "Real Elvish Rope? To think I trusted all my weight," he teased. Sam grinned. "It came," he said. "And that's what counts." They walked a little more during the day. Sam kept noticing that they continued to pass the same boulder that looked strangely like Elvis Presley's head (although he didn't know who the King was). At last, they stopped. Sam looked around. "This place looks strangely