A/N: This little ficlet was written for the Interhouse Fest 2014. I have since changed a thing or two about this fic. It is, obviously, complete. There are three chapters. Please leave a review; it would be greatly appreciated. Enjoy! Author: theallwymonster Characters: Draco Malfoy, Hermione Granger, Ronald Weasley, Harry Potter, Luna Lovegood and OC. Prompt Number: #165 Word Count: 16277 Rating: M Warnings: Implicit Sexual Situations, Mild Profanity, and Mild Violence. Slight OOCness from some characters. Summary: Renaissance potions, a meddling cousin, a reluctant partner and a skunk on the loose. Just an average month in Hogwarts after the war. Disclaimer: I do no own Harry Potter or Spongebob Squarepants. Author's Notes Thanks to my beta for making this fic a presentable one. The prompt had given me a chance if I want to make it fluffy, angsty or funny, so I decided to do a little bit of all three! I mixed in a few clichés and a few more of my own twists (like magical buildings that can rebuild itself). By far, this is the most I've written as a fanfic writer. It was fun. ~.~ (i) He thought about what would happen if he had stopped the man; if he had been quick enough to realise what he was going to do. Lucius Malfoy might be a bigoted bastard for anyone else, and even though he had unusual ways to show it, he always had a soft spot for his family. Despite the rumours and stares, he had always been a sensitive person when it comes to his loved ones. Never had Draco been beaten physically, pushed around repeatedly; as anyone would guess. It was true that his father was the one who had convinced him into thinking Muggleborns are inferior to the wizarding world, but other than a misguided point of view; he wasn't a too bad father. He missed him. Out in public, Lucius remained as cold as ever, but when he was alone with his family; his demeanour changed significantly. While he was not exactly the most playful father, there are moments that he would challenge him to a friendly duel, a game of wizard's chess; or even a fly on their brooms by the gardens. The only time that Lucius had ever hit Draco was when he found out that he was falling behind a student; a mudblood nevertheless. The scars he got from the hexes were uncountable, but at that time; he didn't resent his father. He couldn't do so because, in his mind, he deserved it. It changed over the years, though. The moment when his father was thrown into Azkaban, he grew resentful not towards Harry-fucking-Potter, but to the goddamned son-of-a-bitch that started the whole thing in the first place. His perspective had changed considerably, leaving him to think that the Dark Lord's chauvinistic ways were all for the gutter. Nothing good can ever come to his part anyway, what with his father being in prison and all that; so why should he even bother? So he stopped. He ended the taunts he sent at the Golden Trio, making them (especially the bespectacled dickhead) to be suspicious of him. He knew that their qualms about him should get him to feel offended because he wasn't doing anything wrong, but he couldn't find the strength to do so. The truth was, the moment she had said it, he agreed with Granger wholeheartedly. He was tired. But then Christmas Break arrives, where he was pushed by his deranged aunt to join the band of narcissistic supremacists. Choices were given, of course, but even then he knew that he couldn't do it. There was no other way to refuse unless he wanted his mother to die. So, with the skull and snake branded on his left arm, he was given a mission. A near to impossible task. How he had managed to do it, he would never know. Now, with the tattoo still on his arm, he started to regret his decisions of the past. He dwelled about how he could change it if he could stop himself from sending Dumbledore to his death if he could push his father away from harm's way. His thoughts were interrupted off when a pair of arms wrapped around his waist. " Why aren't you asleep?" Draco tilted his lips amusedly. Even when she sounded sleepy, she was still as inquisitive as ever. " I couldn't. I thought I should clear my mind for a bit." " Well, I think you should sleep. We have a big day ahead of us tomorrow morning." He raised one of her hands and placed a gentle kiss on her fingers. "It's okay; I'll pull through." She didn't reply. Instead, she caressed his stomach with her hands with her chin on his shoulder. It was strangely comforting, if not slightly ticklish, but Draco Malfoy was never one to be squeamish before. Well, that was before he had the chance to know her. " You know," she said, as if reading his mind, "I know what you're doing." " What?" " You're thinking too much again." " This coming from a woman who overanalyses the properties of unicorn blood even though there's a book entirely dedicated to it?" " Haha, funny." " I know. Used to do stand-up on the weekends." " You know what I'm talking about." He sniggered. "Sorry. It's fun to rile you up." " I've noticed." His smile dropped to a frown; his hands traced hers that wrapped around his front. "Granger?" " Yes?" " What are we doing?" " I believe this is called hugging." " You know that's not what I meant." He could feel her stiffen behind him. "I wished I know myself." " Do you regret it, though?" Her answer surprised him a little. "No, I don't." He turned around in her arms and kissed her. When they pulled away, she looked at him in confusion. "Why did you do that?" " Just." " Just, what?" " Nothing." He pressed his lips to hers again, albeit a little briefer than the first one. Wrapping a long arm around her waist, he dragged her away from the window of where he stood. " Let's go to sleep." It was true that he wished the possibilities of him going back in time, trying to fix the things that should have been solved. But by doing so, he wouldn't have met solace in this beautiful girl. It might make him look like a bad son, but even though there was a high price to pay; he would change nothing if he were going to be finally happy. ~.~ "Please, let me in Hermione." He didn't get an answer, so he waited. The pause lasted for a few minutes, but he was relentless. He sat down by Hermione's bedroom door, with his ankle crossed over the other; still waiting for her reply or something from her that could indicate she was at least still alive. An hour passed. Had it been long? The only thing he met was the heavy silence, and he could hear nothing but her sobs. He gave up. If she was going to be stubborn, then so was he. He stood up, and made his mind to walk away, but not before opening up his mouth to say something. He was always the type to have the last word, even with someone as garrulous as Hermione, but the moment he thought of the words he wished to say, he changed his mind. Things were bad as they were. So he left the door, without a single glance backwards. He failed to notice the soft whimper from the other side, or the teary gaze of his love; staring at his back after she quietly opened the door, hoping to let him in. She was too late. ~.~ Audrey Winslow was not a happy girl. After the second wizarding war had ended a good eight months ago in this castle, her family moved from her cosy home in Salem to be in one of the coldest countries in the world (that last bit could be exaggerated on her part, she must admit). It irked her she had to be so far away from her friends and family, but while no matter how much she hated getting homesick, she knew it had its moments of ups and downs. With that being said, she was content with being a nobody. A fly on the wall. After the Battle, Hogwarts was nearly a pile of rubble. Explosions almost demolished the once magnificent castle and took away many lives that night. Many lost hope on the state of the school, but it was all for nought. Everyone had gone home, celebrating their victory with their love ones, and mourned for the ones they had lost. When they came back in the efforts of restoring the castle back to its former glory, they had a shock of their lives. Standing in the light of the rising sun, was the castle itself; unscathed. It was as if by magic, the place rebuilt itself. It was as if by magic, nothing was left broken or damaged. It was as if by magic, every spot of debris and dirt was cleaned up. The castle groaned in a prideful way as every person that was present walked in the entrance. The front yard was blooming with flowers, welcoming the bouts of spring, rendering others in awe. What didn't kill the castle; only made it stronger. It gave them hope because, in a way, it was the castle's way of giving them something to hold onto. It was in one word; magical. Audrey was not an exception. She was amazed by the stories that were told by her parents, even more so when she witnessed the castle's beauty on her own. She felt safe and content, but even then she still felt slight anxiety at the back of her mind. Like she didn't belong there. As what was said before, she would rather be a fly on the wall. But, as of today, she was angry. If such emotion were present, she would be anything but invisible. She would make herself known. She could throw tantrums for all she cared, and nobody would stand in her way. The anger was not directed to the place itself, though, but rather to her stupid, narcissistic, too-prideful cousin, Draco Malfoy. No one ever knew that Draco Malfoy had a cousin other than Tonks (and even then, most didn't know about the latter until the battle ended). During the first time she stepped foot into the Great Hall to be sorted (it was embarrassing, being the only sixteen-year-old among the new students) everybody instantly knew, without a single doubt that she had to be somehow in any way; related to the Malfoy heir. She had the same features; platinum blonde hair, blue-grey eyes, and the infamous aristocratic curve of her nose. The tall stature of a Black, the elegance of a Malfoy; but it was by no means that she was one of them. No, she was just so happened to look like them. After being sorted into Slytherin (no surprises there) she met Draco, who met her eyes with a curious glint. He owled his mum, and as a reply, he received a map of the family tree, complete with the names of the ones who were disowned. She was a third cousin once removed, and after telling her that, they had become close. Even though Draco had been busy with his duty as the Head Boy, and her studies occupied her for O. W. L., they still manage to find time to have fun together. If they are together, one would say that they are twins. Now, her idiot of a cousin was currently pacing the floor because of something stupid he had said to his girlfriend. If she was, to be honest, it wasn't an