IMPORTANT: If in any point of this prologue I say stuff like in the introduction attachment/chapter, I won't be uploading that in a long time, since it's for my own reference and I want to upload this quicker. If this story is popular, then maybe I'll upload it in a different story with all my failed chapters XD. DISCLAIMER: I DON'T OWN ANYTHING EXCEPT OCS AND THE PLOT. A/N: So, finally going through with this. I'm combining three of my favourite concepts: Guardian, Chaos, and Pertemis, duh. Also, there won't be much drama, cause' it always gets in the way of my fluff, just lovey dovey stuff, ooh, that rhymed. XD I know this has been done a lot. Do I care? Nope. Do you care? That's up to you. Now, let's get started! Listening to: You Belong with me-Taylor Swift. BTW, this is just the prologue, so the next chapter will most likely be a lot longer XD. Fun Fact: This is the 3 rd fanfic in the K+ section where there's both Chaos and Pertemis. XD The Chaos Cause Arc: Chaos Prologue: Betrayal of the Highest -Halvar- Gonoun (777 years in the future) On the peak of the highest point of Gonoun mountain, an ice blue hooded figure stood, sharp blue eyes gazing into the beautiful sunset of the realm of Halvar. The man spoke, not turning. "Lady Chaos." " How are you doing today, Winter Wolfe?" From the shadows, unknown to anyone from this 'Wolfe', came out a feminine figure with breath-taking pure black wings. This time, the man turned, his icy blue eyes that seemed to leave you frozen on the spot facing the other's endless pit of pure black. "I think you and I both know perfectly well what happened on this day, exactly 777 years ago," The man choked a little at the end. "The day…of their betrayal." I was at my cabin with Annabeth, hanging out and having fun, when Camp's alarm went off. "HYDRA!" I quickly sprang up with Riptide in my hand and ran to camp's border. A Hydra was there, chasing a scrawny looking teen with blonde hair, it's three heads roaring. The Hephaestus Cabin quickly tossed me a bag of Greek Fire, and I charged towards it, Riptide held high. I jumped up, landing on one of its heads, and sliced it off in a quick motion. I threw a bomb of Greek Fire at the stump, cauterizing it and jumping onto the next head. The Hydra roared again, and tried to fling me off its head. I held on, however, one arm around the head, and the other grasping my trusty sword. I balanced myself and put my legs in a climbing position, and stabbed it. The head fell off, and I made no haste in throwing another bomb at the head. It growled, and succeeded in landing me a first-class flight to the ground. It hurt like Hades, but I grabbed a huge rock and delivered the final blow. The Hydra dissolved into none other than dust. I fell down, exhausted. My back hurt, and my bones felt like breaking at any second. A worried Annabeth come rushing with a cup of Nectar, but not to me. Rather, the kid that barely had any scratches. Suddenly, a glow came to reveal Zeus. "THIS IS MY SON ZACH, AND WILL BE TREATED WITH UTTERMOST RESPECT, GOT THAT?" He yelled. The kid- Zach, as I just learned from Air Head over here, had a smug look on his face as his father went back to who-knows-where doing who knows what. Then, he said to MY Wise Girl in a flirty tone that made me disgusted, "Hey, are you a daughter of Hermes? Cause' I think you just stole my heart." I wanted to throw up at his cheesy pick-up line, and expected Annabeth to slap him, but she didn't, and laughed instead. She took his arm and said, "No, but I'm pretty sure you did first." She meant it only for him to hear, but I still did. I should've known better, but I shrugged it off and walked away. I didn't know it then, but I would soon regret the day that I had saved him. And indeed, soon after he had came to camp, my life turned to Tartarus. My friends began to distance themselves, sending me dirty looks and snapping at me at whatever I said, even though I did nothing. I didn't know it then, and I should've guessed, but it was Zach's work. He went around saying I was a coward, and that he was the real hero, and so much more stuff that made me hurl. A week later, my only friends were the ones who stuck with me through the wars. It was fine, for a while. I still had Nico, Thalia, and Wise Girl, right? I was so wrong. Nico had to leave for his duties in the Underworld, and Thalia for the Hunt. Annabeth was also becoming like the other campers, and always found an excuse to get out of our dates, or not showing up at all. I felt lonely. After some more time, I had enough. I went to the beach to think, and what I saw was the last straw. Zach and some poor blonde were making out on the beach, and I felt disgusted. I was about to turn away and leave, but when I looked closer, the girl was Annabeth. My heart felt as if it was ripped into a million pieces. "Was I just a pawn to you!?" I screamed, not caring if anyone heard. "I Loved you, Annabeth! How could you do this to me!? I fell in Tartarus for you! I gave up GODHOOD for you!" Annabeth had recovered from her shock and smirked. "As a matter of fact, yes. You were just a tool, Jackson. Did you honestly think that I would ever love you?" She laughed, "You're pathetic." The words echoed through my mind like a haunting voice. I let out a loose roar. A giant hurricane surrounded me, and I created a massive crater. The tides rose and the clouds darkened. The waves howled and storms raged. I continued like this for who knows how long, and eventually, my vision blackened, and I fell into the realm of Morpheus. I woke up to a woman in black giving me a hand. I took it, and slowly stood up. "Where am I?" I groaned. The woman smiled. "You're at Kairo, the centre of the Universe." What? I must've heard wrong. I debated on asking where it was, but I knew it was a stupid question, so I asked something else. "Okay... What about how did I get here, or why?" I was really confused, if you haven't guessed already. The woman in black took a deep breath, as if to prepare herself for a long speech. "Well, have you heard of the eldest being?" She asked. I frowned. "Of course, the primordials, right? Who wouldn't know them? One of them just tried to take over the world a few months ago." She rolled her eyes, and sighed. "No, I mean the eldest , the one who created everything." She said this with a tone that implied that she had had this conversation many times, like she's lived that long... Wait. Knowing who she was, my eyes went wide as I quickly bowed and said, "Lady Chaos. It is an honor." She laughed. "Wow, took you long enough. When they said that you were dense, I really didn't think you were that dense." "What?" I asked for the millionth time that day as I stood up, "Who are they ?" She laughed again. "And impatient as always I see." But then, her face turned serious. "You are here because I have an offer. As to how I got you here, well, I think you already know." I had my suspicions, cause' since when did immortals summons us without a reason, but I had to admit, I was curious. "You see, all across time, from the days of the great hero Achilles, to the dark ages, there has always been an order dedicated to keeping the peace from the shadows." "Hence our motto, Δουλεύουμε στο σκοτάδι, για να εξυπηρετήσει το φως." "We work in the dark, to serve the light." I whispered. [A/N: Assassin's Creed... Hehe...] "This order was called the Chaos Cause, the guardians of Justice and Order all over the Universe. We are united, Greek and Roman alike." "In a way, we are a lot like the Hunters of Artemis. So, will you join us as one of our four commanders?" I thought about it. It was highly unlikely for an immortal to offer something like this without a catch, it was almost too good to be true. "Are there no loopholes? Swear it on the River Styx." I asked/said. Lady Chaos smiled, to my amazement. Usually when I did something like that, and immortal would probably blast me into the sky or make me an enemy. Usually it was the former. "I see being tricked has taught you something thanks to Hades. Alright, I swear on the Styx." When nothing happened after the thunder boomed, I relaxed. "Okay, I accept. Aside from my friends, there is nothing left in this world for me." It was true, I cut my ties with Olympus the moment that scum was chased to Camp. "Good, we are in the forest Θάνατοςκαταιγίδα, so we better get moving. The forest is called DeathStorm for a reason." I shivered at the name. "Okay. Suddenly, I don't feel so safe any more…" Chaos laughed and I knew, at least for now, I had a family again. TIMESKIP "Welcome to Camp Chaos." We stood at the gate of Camp Chaos, which made Camp Jupiter look like child's play and Camp Hell Hole even more of the dump it was, both in size and beauty. Before we went in, Chaos said, "Wait." I stopped, and looked at her. "What's the matter, Lady Chaos." "First, just call me Chaos. We are family now, don't you forget." I smiled. "Of course." Then she continued. "Second, you can't go in like this," motioning to my clothes. "No one can know your identity, unless you tell them." Looking into my eyes, the words that came out her mouth amazed me. "I give you my blessing." I heard a wolf howl. "Seems like you've got a wolf as a soul. I think I know where you belong." She snapped her fingers. On my body, armour appeared. "It's got Steel as a base, though only 10%. There's also Titanium, and Cobalt, about 20% each. The rest is Chaos Core, mined in the deepest parts of Gonoun Mountain, and purified by River Ryu, our version of the River Styx." [A/N: Just go with it, I'm way too lazy to research Greek/Roman/Chaos Stuff. (Wow me, I spend 5 hours researching each character, and I'm too lazy to research that?! I don't know what I think at this point, and I'm me!)] The armour was dark blue, so dark it was almost black, though at the same time, it gave off an icy feel, with a chilly blue light reflecting off it. It was combat boots, armour pants (I feel too awkward to call it leggings), a short-sleeved chest-plate, topless gloves, and an icy blue cloak. On the middle of the chest-plate, was the head if a howling wolf in front of a blue lightning bolt. [A/N: It's my symbol, along with the 1210 in front of another bolt and a minecraft-ish sword. Don't worry, on the back of Percy's cloak is his own symbol, made from his weapons, pay attention. Massive SPOILERS! Lol.] And on the back of my cloak, was Riptide crossed with a scythe, along with two daggers pointing at them from above, making a X, and behind, was a bow notched with an arrow.