Preface i … It is not in the nature of politics that the best men should be elected. The best men do not want to govern their fellowmen… ~George MacDonald Bristol, England April, 1983 Tom Riddle looked at his appearance in nearby restroom of the Cafe Retreat in the Durdham Down area. Naturally, he altered the tiny room to fit his needs in preparation for the biggest political rally to date. He didn't use contractors, or apply any paint, or add new fixtures. Tom Riddle was an extraordinary wizard with considerable magical talent. He used transfiguration to turn the toilet seat into a plush red velvet chair. Charms to lengthen the mirror and to adjust the lighting and potions that enhanced his appearance and luck. He practiced his speech in the mirror and ended each topic point with his charming smile. This had to be perfect. This election was to be his foundation for his eventual control of all of England. Like all good foundations, failure at this point could result in his vision crumbling around him if it isn't strong enough. He had exhausted almost all of his resources in his campaign to become the Prime Minister. Just to be sure, he employed several witches and wizards to cast cheering charms across the crowd as he spoke. " Why be the Minister for muggles?", they asked Riddle referring to the non-magical people. "Because they are ignorant of magic, they are blind to our tricks... and therefore they will be easier to overcome than the Ministry for Magic." " Why merge both worlds? Why not just enslave the muggles"? " When you oppress people, they have a tendency to revolt against you at some point. But if they love you... they will forever be fanatically loyal", Riddle said with a sinister smile. The only hurdle right now was one of his opponents, a muggle incumbent named Margaret Thatcher. The polls showed them neck and neck from the start of the campaign. His other opponent, Joseph Evans, didn't have a chance in hell. His following was very small, but significant enough to sway the election. Riddle had a plan in the works that will gain him the advantage. Being the heir of Salazar Slytherin, he inherited the ruthlessness and cunning needed to win. Suddenly, musical instruments started to play signaling the beginning of the rally. The primary school band that was playing did a decent enough job for his introduction. Riddle gave them a minute to play, drawing out the anticipation; and to give his colleagues time to cast their cheering charms. When the cymbals clashed, Riddle strolled onto the stage smiling and waving. The huge expanse of land that houses seven football fields (with room to spare) was packed with cheering supporters. When Riddle got to the podium the music played for a minute longer. He could feel the magic permeating the air, filling the muggles with happy emotions. The roar of the crowd shook the ground in approval before he even said a word. "Very good" , he thought smiling. "WELCOME, MY FRIENDS", Riddle hollered into his microphone. The audience roared again for a few minutes before they eventually quieted down to a dull roar as he spoke to them. The current issues were all the same worldwide. Hunger, poverty, abortion, finance, war. He could tell them the exact same solutions as his counterpart, only worded differently while passing blame at the proper government department, and still gain support. What mattered was image. He was young, charismatic, intelligent and most importantly...magical. His confidence soared as he played to the crowd. There was no denying that he had their votes, but would it be enough? He didn't let that thought intrude his mind though. He had to focus at the task at hand. And so he did for the next hour and a half. He definitely scored well with the crowd. Later that night, there was a news report about his rally and how the crowd could be heard all the way into downtown Bristol. They reported on how he was received by the massive audience and how they approved of him. Free advertising and ear candy to masses was always a good thing. *****oooo***** ...We've come to be consumed by a 24-hour, slash-and-burn, negative ad, bickering, small-minded politics that doesn't move us forward. Sometimes one side is up and the other side is down. But there's no sense that they are coming together in a common-sense, practical, non-ideological way to solve the problems that we face... ~BARACK OBAMA, New York Times, Dec. 11, 2006 Two weeks later... Even with magic, Riddle was having hard time succeeding incumbent Prime Minister Thatcher. Although his rally in Dundham Down was an amazing success, he was still behind slightly in the polls. He needed a boost, some type of leverage to gain the upper hand. It was time to get a little dirty. Joseph Evans sat at the desk in the large study of his house late one evening. He was going through paperwork asking for approval for ads that supported him and the financial income for his campaign. He knew that he didn't have any hope of winning. But he would try anyway, he did it for the love of democracy. He truly believed that some of his ideas would better his country. He was so engrossed in his work that he didn't notice a younger woman appear in the wing-backed chair in front of his desk. Evans wrote a few notes as the intruder sifted through his surface thoughts with legilimency; a branch of magic that reads minds. When the intruder cleared her throat, Evans nearly died of a heart attack. "How the hell did you get in here? Who are you", he screamed as he jumped out of his chair. Luckily for the woman still seated, she had placed a silencing charm around the room. "My name is Bellatrix Black, and I will tell you only if you sit back down", the intruder said sweetly. Her long dark hair curled around her pale angelic face. Her smile lit up the room and would have invoked Evans' fantasies if the situation was different. She wore a black low cut blouse and a red skirt over fish net stockings. She leaned back crossing her legs at the knees showing off her long toned thighs. The black choker she wore around her neck accentuated the gothic look she was accustomed too. Her sweet brown eyes instantly hardened when Evans didn't do as she asked. "Sit...down...now", she commanded. "I'm calling the police" he said making his way to the phone. He obviously didn't take to her sweet yet threatening demeanor. When he picked up the receiver, Bellatrix took her wand out of her purse and sent a stinging hex and his hand. "Son of a bitch", he said dropping the phone to grab his hand. When he looked up at the woman he seen the shiny thin stick pointed at him. "You...you are one of them" he stuttered. This wasn't the first wand he seen, but it was the first one pointed at him. After all, his daughter Lily is a witch. Bella didn't say a word, she pointed at the chair behind the desk raising her eyebrows. Getting the hint, Evans slowly sat down never taking his eyes off her. "Good. Don't let the skirt fool you, I'm very good with this thing", she said waving her wand. "And if you know what's good for you, you will do as I say. Understand that I hold all the cards here." "What is it you want from me?" "I want you to drop out of the campaign race and I want you to put your full support behind Tom Riddle." "Why would I do that, why are the magical folk interested in what happens in the muggle world?" Bella sent another stinging hex at Evans hitting him in the shoulder. "Listen here, this is NOT a debate! We are NOT going to talk about the whys and the whats. I will speak and you damn well better listen!" She said standing up and leaning over Evans' desk. When she didn't get a response, she sent three more hexes at him. "Why should I support Riddle? What do you gain?" Three more hexes were sent his way, the last one being a bone breaker curse on Evans' pinkie finger. He screamed and cursed at the beautiful witch. "Such language Mr. Evans," she said as she sent another hex at him. "I am a lady after all", she said with a seductive smile. Evans just stared at her trying to catch his breath and choke down on a scream. He didn't want to give this bitch the satisfaction. He had a feeling about Tom Riddle when he first appeared on the political scene. How Tom basically rose from being a poor gutter orphan to being a top candidate to lead his countrymen. How he had a fake, slimy persona about him when the cameras were turned off. But, he never thought he would resort to theses sort of fear tactics. "I won't do it", Evans said clenching his teeth. "Torture me all you like; kill me if you must. But I will never support that man." Bellatrix smiled. "No, I don't want to kill you. Torture you would be more up my alley. Magic is a wonderful tool for torture. Especially if you know healing spells", she said waving her wand over the broken finger. The bones melted back together and Evans sighed with relief. "Because I can keep breaking and healing you until you give me what I want", she said with a snarl recasting the bone breaking curse on the same finger. Evans cradled his hand frantically thinking of a way to get out of the situation. "Or I can get your wife. How about your daughter, Lily Potter." Horror started growing in the pit of Evans' stomach. But he still wasn't convinced, his son-in-law had a lot of magical protections around their home. James had to cast a charm on him and his wife just to see the manor they lived in. No , he thought with conviction, she is bluffing. Evans' eyes went from horror to determined almost instantly. Bella didn't need legilimency to know that he would refuse her. So she would have to prove it him. "Oh, I know", her smile extending the reaches of her face. She reached into her purse once again and pulled out a little yellow toy and tossed it him. "How about little Harry. What would poor Lily do if he just...went away?" Evans looked at the object and recognition lit his face. No, it can't be. Harry loves his stuffed Quidditch snitch, it was always within two feet of him. Evans looked at one of the wings of the stuffed toy and seen Harry's name written on it. Bella giggled slightly, "what's really going to blow you mind is when you see Harry with it tomorrow. Lily is coming to visit, right? Do as you are told and never speak a word of this to anyone! Understand?" Evans was defeated. This woman had gotten so close to his family that the threats had to be real. God help us , he thought. "What do I have to do", he asked morosely. … We'd all like to vote for the best man, but he's never a candidate… ~Kin Hubbard May 1983 Lily Potter watched the news conference of her father resigning from the campaign early the next day when she went shopping in muggle London. The window she walked past had several new televisions for sale at decent prices, she thought absentmindedly. She couldn't believe what she was hearing. Medical issues? Her father was as healthy as they come, she knew he was lying. Then she seen him praise Tom Riddle and ask his supporters to vote for him. " Tom Riddle…Riddle…Riddle," she thought. She