~.*.~.*.~.*.~.*.~ Title: In My Place Summary: A thought came to mind; this was not how Draco expected his week to go, babysitting a werewolf's child with the help of a Weasley. What had he done to deserve this? Disclaimer: None of it is mine! Author's Note: So, everyone, this is the story I was working on the past few months for the Draco/Ginny Summer Fic Exchange over at the D/G Forum. There were SO many amazing stories posted for the exchange so, if you're bored, head over to the Forum and start checking them out. If you don't have time right now, the authors will soon be posting the stories to their own accounts. In My Place was written for Charlie's (Sw33tCh3rryP13) prompt. At the bottom of this chapter, I posted the prompt if anyone is interested. In My Place was also awarded first place for Most Fangirly , and runner up for Best Fanfiction Overall , which is really so awesome, so thank you everyone who voted! I'll be posting the chapters randomly, since it's all written and edited already. On that note, also, major thanks to my beta, dwellingindreams . She worked so quickly to edit these long chapters when I was getting close to the deadline and I appreciate it so much. Also, anyone who reads What Ginny Forgot and is wondering why I fell off the face of the Earth, I promise it will be updated very, very soon. Thanks guys! ~.*.~.*.~.*.~.*.~ Friend: Noun | \`frend\ a person attached to another by feelings of affection or personal regard. a person who gives assistance; patron; supporter. a person who is on good terms with another; a person who is not hostile. Draco Malfoy )*(*)*( It had been Hermione Granger who had realized twice what was going on with Ginny Weasley before she had, though that came as no real surprise since Hermione always seemed to be the first person to figure anything out. Really, Ginny should've attempted to be more discreet with what was going on in her life that her family wasn't necessarily privy to. But she hadn't been. The first moment of realization Ginny was sure she would remember for the rest of her life, if only because she couldn't believe how incredibly oblivious she had been. She had planted a seed that promised chaos and confusion and allowed it to grow—not only that, but had nurtured it and grown rather fond of it. But, really, one had go to the beginning to understand any of that. )*(*)*( Twenty-one years old and finally bumped from reserves, Ginny was officially a Chaser for the Tutshill Tornados. It had been hard work, to say the least. She had joined the team when she was twenty, having needed time after Hogwarts to get her head straight and figure out what exactly she wanted. Though never playing a game that first year for the Tornados, she had been forced to deal with the heavy corruption of the coaches and owners. They were more involved with betting on their players than actually training them, resulting in multiple injuries and a lack of unity among the team. Thankfully, the Department of Magical Games and Sports realized what was going on before the season was up and, though the Tornados were fined heavily and not allowed to finish out their games, put an end to it. Harry had told her the whole situation reminded him of Ludo Bagman and his past gambling. Ron had informed her rather rudely that he always knew the Tornados were cheaters and their fans could all bugger off—though, of course, he hoped it would work out better for her in the upcoming season. New coaches and owners replaced the corrupt ones. Players were traded. Ginny stayed and was officially promoted to Chaser. The influx of new players was something Ginny had looked forward to; she had never bonded with her old teammates and they hadn't won many games. Perhaps with the new players and staff the team would actually have a chance. Her hopes were dashed right away. With each new player that was picked up for the team, Ginny realized with dismay that almost all of them were foreign. Apparently none too many professional Quidditch players from England wanted to attach themselves to a team that only a year before had been slandered by the press as crooked and immoral; so the owners had looked outside of Britain. Only a few of the new players spoke English but seemed hard pressed to actively use it and, when they did, they only asked Ginny about Harry Potter. Her only hope had been the Seeker position that had yet to be filled. And, a week before training for the new season officially began, someone took up the spot. Ginny could still remember seeing him walk into the meeting room, lips set in a firm frown and eyes hard. Draco Malfoy. She had been baffled and angry. Him? The coaches chose him ? Even if they ignored the fact that he had been only a subpar Seeker at Hogwarts, they couldn't be oblivious to the fact that he fought for Voldemort during the Final Battle. Rage built in her stomach to the point that she was sure she was either going to vomit or lash out. At the end of the meeting, one of the coaches took her aside to explain. He had been the best candidate, plain and simple. And they didn't take bringing him on the team lightly. But didn't she want to win? Didn't she want the best of the best for the team? And Ginny did . She wanted to win this season, to show everyone that there was talent on the team. They didn't acknowledge each other for the first two weeks of training. Ginny had been firm in her stance that she would be utterly professional with him unless he provoked her. Even if she viewed him no higher than dung, she could at least put up a front of coolness. She didn't need to be his friend. But she did need to be his teammate. Which was why it had been increasingly hard not to speak to him throughout training. Okay, yeah, he was a good Seeker. But Ginny had played that position for a handful of games at Hogwarts when Harry, George, and Fred had been kicked off the team (ironically, courtesy of Malfoy) and she saw him hesitating far too much in the air. It was annoying to watch and no one was willing to call him out on it. And… if she was being honest with herself, it had more to do than that. All her teammates were interested in discussing with her was Harry and their relationship and his many achievements throughout his life. While Ginny was used to this while she was in public it was rather difficult to get used to at work. There was no rushing away from the questions like normal, no way she could fake a smile and ignore them, and very little hiding of the fact that she wanted to scratch out her eyes—or, preferably, theirs—when they spoke to her about him. The only other person who actually knew Harry on the team was also the only other person who didn't want to talk about him. She found herself ignoring the boundaries that she and Malfoy had put up the longer she was forced to endure her other teammates' questions. Though she never spoke to Malfoy, Ginny knew that he kept a steady eye on her and saw what was beginning to happen. Instead of sitting beside her other teammates, she went and sat closer to him. Rather than endure everyone's questions about Harry, she lingered by him, hoping they wouldn't venture near. It was the third time she sat down beside him at a meeting, though there was plenty of space between them, that he had gone rigid. Then, after the meeting was done and everyone had cleared out except for the both of them, he had threatened her to stay the fuck away from him . It had been like a switch flipped inside of her, reminiscent of their school days together. Her illusion of professionalism and coolness shattered. Whenever they were within arm's length of each other they were fighting. Admittedly, it was over the stupidest things. They both stayed away from the topic of the war, a silent agreement between them that Ginny hadn't realized they reached, but it left everything else free game. He mocked her for her fame that he hinted came only because of her relationship with Harry and she shouted about his flaws on the pitch. When Malfoy wondered out loud if her family was still living in a barn she retorted that his insults were lacking. When they passed each other in the locker room, they fought. If they flew by each other on the Quidditch pitch, harsh words were exchanged. Team meetings consisted of them whispering jabs at each other from the corner of their mouths. While it was exhausting to fight all the time, it also strangely gave Ginny something to look forward to. Malfoy was familiar and sharp, keeping her on her toes whenever she was in his presence. Ginny appreciated that, in some odd sense. It wasn't till training was almost done, and the season was officially about to start, that the coaches approached them both and practically begged for some type of peace between them. They were teammates, the coaches insisted, and needed to start acting like it—after all, between the two of them, they carried the team. To be paired together with Malfoy like that had been startling to say the least. They stopped fighting, sort of. Instead of fighting with each other, they bitched and moaned about everything else. They bickered about the ugly uniforms that were chosen for them. They debated about who was the worst player on the team (though Draco enjoyed this game much more than Ginny did). They shared looks across the room when the coaches offered half sincere compliments on a horrible game. When the Keeper missed an easy throw, they threw each other exasperated looks across the pitch. The Tornados didn't make it close to the playoffs that year. Season done, Ginny and Malfoy didn't speak until several months later when trades began among the Quidditch league. Ginny signed onto another year with the Tornados, and curiosity got the better of her. Would Malfoy be signing on for another year too? The Tornados were far from good, but she had a certain loyalty to them. Did he also? She knew most of the team had opted out of staying with the Tornados and that the coaches were looking for replacements. But she hadn't known about Malfoy's status. One night, after several glasses of wine and more than one glance at the blank rolls of parchment on her desk, Ginny sat down and wrote to Malfoy. It was simple and straight to the point. Malfoy, Joining the Tornados for another year? G. The next day, when she woke up from her stomach churning with too much wine, she saw on her window sill a lovely black owl waiting for her attention. A letter, short and simple like her own, was attached to its leg. Weasley, Desperate for my company? He hadn't even signed it, bloody bastard. But it had been a confirmation for Ginny nonetheless. A few weeks later, when training started, Malfoy walked into the locker room, opened a locker beside Ginny, and unpacked his bag. That had been almost two years ago. It hadn't been till after her third season had ended, and Ginny was spending time with Hermione, that she realized the seed planted when Malfoy first joined the Tutshill Tornados had grown. And it had been, unsurprisingly, Hermione who pointed it out. They had been spending time at the Burrow together as Ron and Harry haunted a