Warnings: Violence, Gore in future chapters, character injury, and mental angst. Mild spoilers for The Fellowship of the Ring. No like? No read. Simple as that, my friend. A/N: Set at a random point after the Fellowship's initial departure from Rivendell, but before Moria, as Gandalf is still alive. P.S. This is not a slash story, just to clear that up. It could be considered a Darkfic I guess, but I don't think it is that bad. MAN UP, PEOPLE! Disclaimer: None of it is mine... sigh... Enjoy, Fellow Tolkienens... Tolkien...ers... Tolk... Tolkienites... Whatever. Legolas Thranduilion was an elf. Elves, like Legolas, were strangely beautiful and beautifully strange creatures. It seemed that in everything they did, they did so with a grace no other creature could ever posess. Their wisdom and skills went unmatched due simply to the endless years of experience they were subjected to with the gift (Or, to some, curse) of immortality. Most had an air of contentment that followed them wherever they went, but such was not true for all, as some took their natural elven gifting as an excuse for arrogance. This particular elf happened to have the former, much to the relief of his traveling companions. Legolas Thranduilion, the elf, was a proud member of the Fellowship of the Ring. Yes, the Mirkwood prince could proudly say he was included amongst the defenders of Mr. Frodo Baggins and the precious cargo he carried. The trip thusfar had been long, eventful, and he'd loved every minute of it. At that time, the party had decided to rest for the evening, setting themselves in the narrow area between two tall cliffs as a natural defense in the case of an ambush. The elf stood rigid at the outer perimeter of the camp, muscles taut and eyes wandering the darkness for potential threats, as usual. Some (Such as the dwarf.) would say he was paranoid, but his long years as an elf had taught him that one could never be too careful. Another thing about the elves, and part of the reason he was chosen to come along, were that their senses were considerably sharper than that of most creatures. The sound of a twig being snapped a mile away was as distinct to Legolas as if it were right next to him. His senses of sight and smell posessed similar lengths. This, while being extraordinarily useful, also tended to cause unneccesary stress, and so the prince only spoke on his feelings if he was almost certain it posed a threat. Legolas Thranduilion, elf and member of the Fellowship, wished that the Fellowship had chosen a different place to camp. The towering walls of the cliffs on either sides of them were overwhelming, a sense of claustrophobia closing in on the prince whom was unused to being enclosed in a space such as this. The sole source of light in the chasm emitted from the small campfire behind him, the light of which reached just beyond where Legolas had placed himself. He could dimly see the large, dark shadows that crawled along the cliff-face. They did not move threateningly, but he refused to take his eyes off of them. Legolas Thranduilion, elf and member of the Fellowship, really wished that the Fellowship had chosen a different place to camp. Aragorn smiled as he listened to the conversation between his companions as they ate. Boromir and the hobbits were currently engrossed in a story Gimli was recalling from one of his many adventures in Moria, not bothering to contain his excitement of their decision to travel to the city. The wizard sat silently by the fire, listening amusedly as Aragorn was. The ranger looked up from his food, noting the absence of his Elvish friend. His eyes scanned the campsite and found the slight shine of the bow strung on his back in the firelight at the edge of camp. Aragorn rose, slipping silently from the central conversation and venturing toward Legolas' rigid form. Aragorn knew all too well of his friend's aversion to caves and enclosed spaces. As a wood elf, he was out of his element when not in contact with the earth and the trees. Aragorn wanted to offer all the comfort he could upon the following days through Moria. "Aníral maded?" asked the ranger as he reached Legolas' side. The elf gave a small shake of his head. A person unused to the his mannerisims would have passed off his actions as mere caution, but Aragorn simply knew Legolas too well. "Mani una lle elea?" ( 'Do you want to eat?','What do you see?') Legolas shook his head, his pupils unwavering as he tilted his head toward Aragorn. Orange firelight flickered softly on his pale face as he spoke, " Amin naa il sanda, nan' nad no ennas." ( 'I am unsure, but s omething's out there.') Aragorn's mouth formed a thin line, his eyes turning to the darkness to attempt to see what had his normally composed friend uneased. The fairer-haired of two's pointed ears perked suddenly, his body tensing as he tilted his head to one side. Aragorn instantly held up a silencing hand to the rest of the party, speaking loud and firm in a kingly voice he'd most certainly inherited, "Quiet." The members froze, seeing Aragorn watching the elf closely and not commenting. They had learned better than to question the heightened senses of their Elvish friend at this point. Despite the knowledge that it was probably futile, each individual also silently tried for themselves to hear what the prince had. A soft, animalistic gargle sound filled in the dense silence of the crevasse. Legolas' muscles remained coiled, eyes pointed slightly upward as he focused solely on his ears. The elf held out a hand as he crept forward, "Stay here." Aragorn stepped forward in protest, "If there is danger, you should not be going alone." Legolas looked briefly back at the human, "Better I take the risk than you, Estel. Besides, my eyes will see more in the dark." Aragorn sighed, locking eyes with the young elf and hesitating before giving a curt nod. The remaining party all watched intently as their designated scout crept several paces foreword, his nimble Elvish feet barely making a sound as he walked. The hobbits huddled together, forming a subconscious perimeter around Frodo. The overseeing party turned abruptly at the sound of rocks being loostened from the right wall, hitting the ground quietly nearby. Aragorn eyed the cliffs suspiciously, deeply hating the feeling of unease that ate away at him and the lack of ability to discover what was causing it. Legolas stiffened at the movement, eyes darting to the single point on the crevasse wall where the rocks seemed to have been shaken from before moving to wander about the rocky black ledge. "Run." ordered the elf suddenly, drawing his bow and backing slowly away while keeping his eyes fixed on the wall. A hiss emitted from a shadow in the blackness and Legolas whipped an arrow from the sheath on his back, firing at the dark mass faster than their eyes could follow. A loud screech filled the air as a large shadow which Aragorn had not seen before dropped abruptly to the ground. Several agressive wails followed, causing the party to cover their ears against the awful sound. Legolas turned around, urgency swimming through his blue irises. "Make haste!" he ordered, louder, "Run!" The elf's widely uncharacteristic volume alone was enough to spur them all into movement, except Frodo who seemed to be frozen. The hobbit gasped as Aragorn shoved him hard toward Gandalf who placed Frodo in front of him, urging him forward and away from danger. There was a terrified cry as something large lept onto Pippin from behind, burying its long, bony head into his tunic at an attempt to reach his flesh. Merry screamed his name in horror before Boromir lept into action and quickly kicked the thing off of him with a steel-clad foot for the rest of the party to see as it regained its footing. The beast was fairly small compared to their usuals, about the size of a large dog, and carried the distinct look of a parasitic insect. Its mouth alone made up for about a third of its body, a set of terrifyingly sharp teeth nestled inside its long, narrow jaws. It's thick body sprouted three skinny legs on each side, along with a set of arms similar to that of a praying mantis. It was faded baige in color, probably meant for camoflauge, with hints of purple where the skin was too thin to conceal the color of it's insides. The creature's movements were fast and jerking, almost too much so for the naked eye to follow. Arrow after arrow was released as more of the creatures began dropping to the ground from the crevasse walls. Each Fellowship member had also taken it upon themselves to unsheath their weapons, as the elf's arrows were currently the only thing holding them back. Aragorn drove his sword through the skull of a beast, whirling the blade to the side as he withdrew it to strike yet another that lept at him from the side, its bowels spewing onto the floor with a foul splattering sound. The creatures were not hard to kill once an opening came, as their flesh was soft and thin, it was merely getting that opening which was proving difficult. Their movements were quick and abrupt like that of an insect, in one place one second and another the next. Frodo grunted as he tried valiently to fend off the beasts with his small sword, striking down the creature he battled at present before yet another almost immediately took its place. The hobbit shreiked in surprise as the creature suddenly pounced on him, sending him falling backward with the beast's weight on top of him. Frodo struggled to keep it's jaws away as they so frantically tried to close around his throat. With an abrupt screech of pain, the creature was forced off of him. Frodo quickly scrambled to his feet to see who his savior had been and found himself staring in disbelief at the elf of the Fellowship, white blades moving in almost a blur as it sliced through the skin and flesh of the beast that had practically incapitated Frodo. It was frightening, almost, to see one of the quietest and most lighthearted creatures he'd ever met battling with such fury. The hobbit gasped, but could not work his tongue fast enough to shout a warning as yet another one of the creatures dropped to the ground directly behind Legolas. The archer turned at the movement but even his quick Elvish feet could not carry him fast enough. The beast lept to the side and snarled as it slammed into the elf's back with full force, knocking him to the ground and burying its teeth in his his skin. A thick spray of blood spattered onto the horrified face of the hobbit as the beast ripped mercilessly into muscle and flesh. Aragorn witnessed the attack in alarm and without another thought, drew back and slammed the flat of his sword into the attacking creature's head. It screamed in pain, stumbling off of the elf where Aragorn then ran his blade through its skull. He bent low, grasping Legolas' arm and pulling his wounded form up quickly off the stone ground. The prince numbly snatched his dropped bow with bloodied fingers and willed his feet not to stumble, holding to Aragorn for guidance. "Go!" beckoned Gandalf urgently, batting a creature away with his staff, "Get out of the chasm, I shall follow close behind!" Aragorn looked hesitant at the idea of leaving the wizard behind, but was spurred into movement by a strangled cry of pain emitting from the prince he supported before said-prince's knees buckled beneath him. Aragorn swiftly scooped a hand beneath the elf's