Part 1- Katniss finds Haymitch with a bottle of white liquor on her porch at 3 AM. It was the sound of his singing that woke her up. She had attempted to shake Peeta awake to help her deal with their Mentor, but her useless husband had merely turned over and mumbled something about pie. So Katniss had fumbled around in the darkness for her boots and her jacket and made her way outside where she found Haymitch on her porch with a bottle of white liquor. "What are you doing?" she says, crossing her arms out of frustration and cold. He's been worse than usual with the drinking for the past week or so and despite herself, Katniss has begun to worry. He squints up at her. "Go 'way Cass," he mumbles. "It's Katniss," she corrects him with a huff. "Oh," he says stupidly, "Thought you looked a little too young." Katniss sighs, half wanting to leave her mentor here and go back to bed, but the other half reminds her of everything Haymitch did for her and that it would be rude to leave him to die of frostbite on her porch in the middle of the winter after all that, so she grabs his arms and drags him into the house. Haymitch puts up little resistance and allows himself to be thrown in front of the dying fire. He tries to start to sing again but Katniss gives him a soft kick in the side as she goes to throw a log on the fire to get it restarted. "Peeta's sleeping," she hushes him. Haymitch rolls his eyes and takes a swig from his bottle, but doesn't protest. When the fire is roaring again, Katniss settles herself on the couch and patiently waits for the older man to fall asleep so she can go back upstairs. But instead, Haymitch remains awake, drinking and staring into the fire. After a half-hour of this, Katniss starts to drift off, but Haymitch's voice wakes her up. "You and Lover Boy still writing that book?" "Yeah." Katniss raises a brow at Haymitch's interest. They had told him about their memory book months ago, but he had just scoffed and asked what the point was. "Can you put somebody in it for me?" Katniss is taken aback, but she agrees all the same. "Well a few people actually," Haymitch chuckles, "I've known so many people…" he trails off and they sit in silence for a few moments before he begins again. "The first District 12 victor," he says, "Was a woman named Cassiope Fletch." It is the year of the 16th Annual Hunger Games. There are rumors amongst the districts that the President is ill. They mumble behind closed door that perhaps the Games will end soon. Whispers talk about a school opening in District 2 that will train tributes. Capitol citizens have begun to get excited for the Games. To them, the Games are slowly turning from the bloody reminder of a war to a festivity, a celebration to be excited for. A betting pool has already begun for this year's Games. But in District 12, the young girl hiding behind a tree knows none of this. And even if she did, Cassiope Fletch would not care. Her gray eyes are focused on a handsome boy standing several meters away, laughing with his friends. "Talk to him," a voice hisses in her ear. Cass jumps and glares at her friend who giggles, her eyes, that match the color of Cassiope's, dancing with mirth. "Perri," Cass reprimands, "Don't you have to walk your brother home?" Perri Greene rolls her eyes. "He can make it on his own. He'll be thirteen in a few days." The girls fall silent the thought of the birthday. Perri's brother Rhys was born on the eve of a Reaping. His birthday was a reminder every year of what they had to face. "Still," Cass says, shaking her head as if the motion could rid her of all thoughts of the Hunger Games, "Your mother will kill you if she knew you let him walk home alone." Perri shrugs and turns back to the group of boys Cass had been spying on. "Doesn't change the fact you should talk to him." Cass sighs and waves her friend off. Her unrequited crush on Lark Everdeen had been going on for years and normally Perri left it alone, only poking fun at her friend when she was reduced to a blushing, stuttering mess when Lark spoke to her. But around the Reaping, Perri constantly bothered Cass to speak to Lark, insisting that she didn't know if it might be her last chance. Although Perri has a point, not even the threat of the Games could override Cass's shyness when it came to Lark Everdeen. "Let's just go home," she says, grabbing her school books off the ground, "Before your mother realizes you let Rhys walk by himself." Perri rolls her eyes, but glances nervously at the Peacekeepers that line the streets ahead of them. Rhys has a mouth he simply didn't know how to keep shut and the Greenes tried their hardest to keep him from talking too much in front of the Peacekeepers. Including making sure Perri walks her brother to and from school every day. But if Rhys has done something stupid, the Peacekeepers ignored it because they are all present as Perri and Cass walk home to the Miner's Village, or as it's affectionately dubbed, the Seam. "See you later, yeah?" Perri asks when they reached her house. Cass nods, not jealous of her friend at all when she hears Mrs. Greene's shrieking voice, demanding to know why Perri allowed her brother to walk alone. Cass's own two brothers walk each other home each day. Leo and Orion are a year below Rhys, but the twins know when to keep their mouths shut. Which comes in handy for Cass, as the last thing she wanted were her pesky brothers teasing her for wanting to stay afterschool to watch Lark Everdeen mess around with his friends. Of course the Fletch family knows the dangers of speaking up against the Capitol much better than the Greenes. Cass shakes the thoughts from her head and picks up her pace towards her home. She can see the twins playing out in the yard, her mother through the window making dinner, and the empty seat where her father would sit. If he hadn't been shot dead for treason. The Reaping Day is hotter than usual and Cassiope itches in her yellow dress. Next to her, Perri in light purple swats her hand lightly. "Don't move so much," she hisses, eyeing the Peacekeepers that line the pens of children. Cass tries to take a deep breath to calm down. She won't be called. Some kids have tons more slips than she does. In her four years, she's only taken tesserae out twice. Her mother makes a good living as the maid for the mayor of District 12. Others have to take it every year. Ori and Leo won't be called, it's only their first year so they only one slip each. She looks over at the boys. They're gipping hands tightly and she can see Leo's collar is sticking up in the back. Cass sighs, she must have fixed it for him at least twenty times on their way to the square this morning and he still managed to mess it up. Her eyes drift over to Lark Everdeen, standing with the other seventeen year old boys. He has more slips than she'll ever have, due to his father being injured in the mines a few years ago and his three younger sisters, one of whom is lined up with the fourteen year olds and the others with their parents in the crowd. This is his last year though. She hopes he doesn't get picked. Seeing seventeen year olds, just barely out of the grasp of the Capitol was almost as depressing as when twelve year olds were reaped. "Welcome, welcome!" The chipper voice of Magenta Vestor rings out across the crowd, "Happy Hunger Games!" Cass tries her best to tune out Magenta's shrill voice. Everyone dislikes the Capitol woman with her blood red corkscrew curls and ridiculous getups. This year she's chosen a green suit that clashes with her hair made out of some sort of reptile skin. Cass doesn't know how she could bear to wear it in this heat. Cass's eyes wander back over to Lark Everdeen. Perhaps tonight she would speak to him. He lived so close that she could bump into him casually on her way home, ask him how it feels to no longer have to worry about being reaped, push him up against a wall and kiss him senseless. Perri gives her hand another swat and Cass focuses back on the stage where Magenta's hand dips into the glass bowl of girls' names. She plucks one from the pile and lifts it slowly. Cass holds her breath. "Cassiope Fletch" Her heart stops. What happens next is a blur. Someone pushes her up front and somehow her feet carry her up the stage where Magenta grins with too many teeth and congratulates her. Cass can only stare blankly at the crowd while she calls up the male tribute. A fourteen year old merchant boy named Erik. Magenta tells them to shake hands and Cass wonders if she's looking into the eyes of the killer. She wonders if Erik is thinking the same thing. They're hustled off stage and into the Justice building. And the next thing Cass knows she's thrown into a room with her mother who clutches her tightly and her brothers who stare at her blankly. "Oh Cassiope," she cries, "No, no, you can't go." "It's not a choice Mama," Cass whispers. "They took your father. I can't let them take you too!" Cass rubs her tears away with the heel of her palm. "I'm not going to let them take me Mama," she says. Her voice is far from confident, but it seems to calm her mother, who backs off and tucks a lock of Cass's messy hair behind her ear. "Fight for me Cassiope," she begs her daughter, "Fight for your father." Ori and Leo come forward now. Cass has never been close with her brothers. They're four years younger and have each other. But they both hug her as tightly as their mother. "You can do it Cass," Leo whispers in her ear. Cass barely has time to nod and fix his collar again before the Peacekeepers drag her family out and throw Perri in. The other teenaged girl grabs her friend's hand. "Try to come back," she pleads. Cass nods again, swallowing back her tears. How many people will she make this promise to that she can't keep? "You can win," Perri says frantically, "You're fast and clever and pretty. They'll be falling over their feet in the Capitol to sponsor you." Neither girl mentions that there will be no District 12 mentor to send those sponsors' gifts. There's never been a District 12 victor. The only thing they have is Magenta, who's too busy worrying about getting promoted to a better District to help the one she's assigned to now. "I'm not as pretty as you," Cass says with a watery smile. It is a joke between the two girls they've had since they were young. Where Perri is short and curvy with a round face and brown curls, Cass is tall and angular with a long face and pin straight hair. Neither was any prettier than the other, but when they were young, they had envied each other's looks. The older they got, the more envy lessened until it was just a joke between the two. But the joke felt weak now. "Oh shut up," Perri says, wiping the tears off her face, "And come back." "I'll try," Cass