Saving the Future Chapter 1: Dumbledore's Plan Hermione had been at Grimmauld Place for a week. It had been two weeks since the end of term. A few weeks since Voldemort returned. Ron and his family had been at Grimmauld Place since the beginning of the holidays. Hermione had spent most of her time helping Molly and Ginny clean the house, the boys didn't want to do much to help, but they did help occasionally. She spent quite a bit of time with Remus and Sirius as well, discussing school, and Harry, and all their pasts. They liked to know what Harry had been through before meeting them, so she told them everything she knew. She was interested in their school years, and they told her about some of it, discussing some of their pranks and how they did it. It was interesting, finding out how they completed their pranks. She wasn't much of a prankster herself, but it was clever how they did it. They were all very clever indeed. But on her seventh day at Grimmauld Place Dumbledore came and wished to speak with her. She was confused as to why he wanted to speak to her of all people, but he brought her to the library in the house and they sat down on two of the armchairs so that they were facing each other. "Miss Granger, you are a very bright witch. You are smart and brave." She blushed at the compliment. "I have a plan, a plan that will save multiple people and end this war, if all goes well anyway. But for this plan I was hoping that you would be able to help me." She was beyond shocked that she could help. "Me? But, why not one of the Order members? Wouldn't they be better equipped to help you? They have more experience after all." "You also have quite a bit of experience, after helping Harry these past few years. And I know you have read ahead in most of your subjects, and are very capable of doing some very advanced magic. But that is not why I need your help. The Order members aren't the right people either because they are already involved, in their own ways, of course." "What do you need my help for, sir?" "My plan is to send you back in time." She was, again, shocked. "Back to the Marauders' fifth year of Hogwarts, so you will be in the same year. The Order can't go back because they are already in the past, they can't do what I want them to do. I can't send Harry back because he also has something to do with their lives. You are a muggleborn and hadn't had anything to do with any of us until your first year of Hogwarts. You are the perfect person for the task. Also, you are extremely clever, and brave, as I have already said." "What would I have to do, sir?" "I need you to befriend the Marauders, maybe even become one yourself, and help them. You see, this is the year that everything changes for them, without them even realising. It was the summer before their fifth year that Peter became a Death Eater, I need you to make the three true Marauders realise what he is before too much damage is done. He would be passing as much information on to Voldemort as he can, about the Marauders, about the staff, about all the students. I need you to make them see what he is and then they will break all ties with him and will no longer tell him their secrets. And it also means that Harry will have a family. I also need you to help them to see that Severus isn't that bad as a person. I need you to make them stop pranking him. James had always loved Lily and Lily liked him too, but wouldn't date him because he was hurting Severus. If they stop hurting him and are nice to him then Severus won't become a Death Eater because he will still have his best friend, who he called a Mudblood after she saved him from one of their pranks, and he will be a happier person. Maybe Lily will start dating James sooner as well. I also need you to help myself and the Order kill Voldemort." "How am I supposed to do that, sir?" "I am going to give you some information that you will pass on to them, this information is the key to killing Voldemort." Hermione nodded. "Voldemort has created horcruxes. A horcrux is an item, living or inanimate, that holds part of a person's soul. It is very dark magic. To be able to kill Voldemort and have him never return you need to destroy the horcruxes, if he has those he can die and then use them to come back. If they are destroyed then he can't come back. To destroy them you need to use magic that will destroy the container enough that the damage is irreversible. Basilisk venom is one of the things you can use, though that means going into the Chamber of Secrets and killing it, with the sword of Gryffindor, which will impregnate the sword with the venom, as it did when Harry killed the snake. You may also need a few fangs, just in case." "What are these horcruxes that he has created?" "The highest there have ever been is seven. Though, in the time that I am sending you to there are five. The first being the diary that Harry destroyed in your second year. I believe that is in the Malfoy residence. The second is his grandfathers' ring, which I believe is in the Gaunt residence. The next is Hufflepuff's cup. I have a feeling that the cup is with the Lestrange's, if not, in their vault at Gringotts. Then there is Slytherin's locket. I don't know where that is, but you will have five years to find it. There is also something to do with Ravenclaw, I am guessing her diadem as that is the most precious artefact she owned. I also don't know where that is." "Okay. So, what do I do when I go back in time?" "Hermione, you don't have to agree to doing this if you don't want to. But, if you do, then there are some things you should know. First, once you go back the future as you know it will no longer exist. Just the art of going back that far in time changes everything, but you will still have your memories of this time, and those will help you to change what happens. Second, you won't be born, you won't be able to see your parents, and your parents will lead very different lives than they did in this timeline. I have taken the liberty of creating a new persona for you, to explain everything. I have a file that has your details in, as well as the list of everyone who has died in this war, from the time I am sending you to, to now, and the dates they died on so you can hopefully save some of them, if not all, as well as some extra information that I would like you to give my younger self. Third, just before you go I am going to give you the Phoenix Mark, the mark of the Order. It is like the Dark Mark but it doesn't hurt, it will summon you to all meetings the Order have in the time I am sending you to. It will enrol you into the Order, which you are going to need to be a part of to help them. Fourth, you won't be able to come back, because you are changing everything, as I said, the future you know won't exist. So, you will live out the rest of your days in the new timeline. But I am sure that a great young lady like yourself will live a happy and amazing life. If you don't want to do this then I completely understand, it means leaving your family and your current friends, but it doesn't mean you won't be part of their lives. You will see Harry, and if it all goes according to plan he will be happy, and he will have a family. A family you can be part of if you become one of the Marauders or are their friend. And I'm sure you'll see the Weasley's as well considering Molly's brothers are part of the Order in nineteen seventy-five, and Harry may still be friends with Ron." Hermione thought for a few moments. There were many good things about doing this; she could save many lives, she could make it so that Harry and Neville grow up with their parents and are happy children, which is what they deserve, her friends can grow up in a world without war and suffering. But, she wouldn't get to see her parents. But, her parents would be safe. Her friends would be safe. Her friends would be happy. Sirius and Remus would be happy. James and Lily would be alive. Peter would be punished for what he has done. She should do this. She could do this. "I'll do it. Where will I be when I go back?" "You will be at Hogwarts, on the first day of the last week of the summer holidays. That way you can get back to your schooling as soon as possible, which I know is what you want, and you will be able to start helping the Marauders sooner. But as soon as you arrive the first thing you must do is find my younger self. I spent that day in my office, the password is popping candy. You must tell me everything I have said in this moment, even show my younger self the memory if you need to. Then give me the file which I am about to give to you. Though, before you go you should probably look through your profile." He passed the file which was on the table next to his chair to her and she opened it. On the first page was her profile. Hermione Jean Dumbledore Mother: Minerva Isobel Dumbledore via adoption Father: Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore via adoption Birth parents are unknown. Birthday: 19 th September 1959 Natural magical abilities: Seer Previous school: Beauxbatons Academy of Magic Reason for move: Adoption. Medical ailments: None. Hermione stared at the parchment in shock. "I didn't know whether you wanted to keep the name Hermione, you can change it if you wish and I will update the profile." "No, Hermione is fine. Your wife, is that Professor McGonagall?" "I knew you were a bright witch." He said, smiling at the girl. "Yes, Professor McGonagall is my wife. Not many know of our marriage due to the number of enemies we both have, the main one being Voldemort. We decided that since, when you go back in time, you won't have your own parents, or a place to stay, you could stay with our younger selves. You should tell both myself and Minerva the truth, and show them the file, we will agree to adopt you. You do need guardians until you're seventeen after all, and it would be an honour to raise an intelligent young lady like yourself." Hermione blushed. "I was also hoping you could save Minerva." He said after a little while. "What do you mean?" She asked, confused. "Minerva and I had wanted to have children, after the war. We were waiting until then because we knew it was too dangerous to have children before the war ended. Witches can have children longer than muggles because, as magical beings, the body ages slower and preserves itself. Namely so women can continue to have magical children until they feel the need to stop. We thought we were