Summary: Alexandra Potter is no longer welcome at her house after she blew up her "aunt". She's been living on the streets with a ragtag band of misfits and street rats. Nobody in the wizarding world knows about this. What happens when a chance encounter makes her situation known? How will her friends react? Alexandra Potter raced from her uncle's house, heart pounding. She had just blow up her "aunt". She was so dead. Her uncle didn't often get violent, not really. But Alexandra knew that she had crossed the line this time. Uncle Vernon was going to kill her. So she ran down the street, through the park, across the woods, and into an alleyway. She was about to continue, when she ran into a little girl. She had messy black hair, and big brown eyes. She was wearing a long nightgown. She couldn't be more than eight. Clutching her hand was a toddler with curly brown hair and blue eyes. He was wearing a large shirt like a nightgown. "What are you two doing out here by yourselves?" she questioned, bending down. The girl shook her head quickly, and started to back away. The little boy, who was being pulled backwards by the girl, tripped. Alexandra helped him up, and was about to question them, when the girl screamed. "Lia! ¡Ayuda! ¡Esta extraña señora está secuestrando a Cormac!" (Lia! Help! This strange lady is kidnapping Cormac!) She shouted running down the street. Alexandra had no idea what the little girl had screamed, but it didn't sound good for her. A second later a girl about Alexandra's age came running down the street. She had hazel eyes and curly black hair. She seemed to be wearing normal clothes. She had on denim shorts and a purple tee-shirt. Alexandra let go of the toddlers arm and backed away, holding her arms up in a non-threatening manner. The hazel eyed girl scooped up the toddler and glared at Alexandra. "Where are your parents?" she asked suspiciously. Alexandra raised an eyebrow. "I could ask you the same question." Responded Alexandra. "I asked you first." Said the girl. Alexandra sighed. She didn't have time for this. The ministry was probably coming for her, and her guardians wanted to kill her. But curiosity got the better of her. "My parents are dead. But if you mean my guardians, they are at their house probably plotting how best to kill Me." Alexandra said. "How about you?" "We ran away from home. Our parents were abusive, end of story. Why do you care so much?" the mystery girl asked. "I'm curious." "Curiosity killed the cat." "No it didn't. Knowledge did. Curiosity was just framed for the crime." Smirked Alexandra. The other girl smiled. "I like you. I'm Lilith. Lilith Genevieve Asho. You?" "Al-"Alexandra stopped. She trusted these people, but you could never be too sure. "I mean, Ava Lucy Pennell." She added, keeping her initials the same. "This is Mallory Violet Asho." Lilith said pointing to the girl. "And Cormac Avery Asho." She said pointing to the boy. "So would you like to come on the run with us?" Alexandra was about to answer when she heard a faint popping sound. Suddenly several ministry officials walked out from dark corners, led by Fudge and Mr. Weasley. Mr. Weasley rushed over to Alexandra, and pulled her away from the Asho's. "How could you be so foolish?" asked M. Weasley. "There is a murderer after you!" Alexandra wasn't fazed. There had been a murderer after sense she was born. One more wasn't a big deal to her. "Nothing new there. To name a few: Tom Riddle when I was one, Professor Quirrell when I was eleven, Tom Riddle again when I was eleven, and Tom Riddle for a second time when I was eleven, Tom Riddle when I was twelve." She shrugged. Lilith was steadily paling. "So who's the new murderer?" this was breaking point for Lilith, who started making choking sounds. "You've had murderers after you…sense you were one?" she asked in a strangled voice. Alexandra nodded. "My parents got on the wrong side of…" Alexandra struggled to put this into words that wouldn't have her tossed in the loony bin. "A gang leader, of sorts. He somehow got it into his head that to rule the world, he had to kill me. So on Halloween, he came to my house and… murdered my parents. Because of… because of me. He tried to kill me, but somehow injured himself and fled. The…gang members… thought that I killed him and have been after me. Of course, I know he's not dead. Tom Riddle is his name. So back to the topic at hand, who is this new murderer?" "Stop Arthur! I forbid you from telling her anything. She is safe not knowing." Ordered Fudge. "You know what she's like at school! Last year she wandered into the forbidden forest, and was attacked by extremely deadly spiders and went into a snake's lair, where she was bit by said poisonous snake. She almost dyed!" argued Mr. Weasley. Fudge was about to shout back when Alexandra interrupted him. "Ok five things! One: I didn't 'wander' into the forest, I went in there looking for the spiders. Two: I didn't know it was a snake's lair. I just knew that it held a dangerous creature that had killed a student. Three: not my fault I was bitten by a snake! Four: I didn't almost die. I was given the anti-venom with at least a 10 seconds to spare. Five: why would I go looking for someone that wants to kill me?" Alexandra stated/asked. Mr. Weasley raised an eyebrow. "First year." He fake coughed. Alexandra rolled her eyes. "Sheesh! You go looking for someone who wants to kill you ONE TIME and suddenly you can't be trusted with the name of the person who wants to kill you!" she exclaimed, exasperated. "Second year." Deadpanned Mr. Weasley. Alexandra sighed. "I didn't know that he wanted to murder me at the time! Just one of my best friends, a third of the schools population, and my best friends little sister." Explained Alexandra. "It doesn't matter! You don't need to know right girl?" asked Fudge, not noticing the way Alexandra flinched when he called her girl. In fact, only Lilith noticed. She looked over at Alexandra and mouthed the words your guardians. Her eyes darkened when Alexandra nodded slightly. "N-no sir. I don't need to know. But I would really like to." Answered Alexandra with a slight quiver in her voice. Again, nobody noticed except Lilith. "Perfect. Now back on track. We cleared up the little issue at your aunt and uncle's house, and they've agreed to welcome you back for summer vacation, as long as you stay at your boarding school for the rest of the year." Fudge said happily. "I always do that. And I don't want to return there. Ever." She stated. "Now, now. I'm sure you guys love each other. Er- deep, deep, down." Fudge said nervously. "How much did you pay them?" Alexandra asked suddenly. Fudge quickly appeared uncomfortable. "Four thousand pounds." He mumbled. Mr. Weasley looked horrified. "Why would you have to pay them? They're her family!" he gasped in horror. Lilith laughed humorlessly. "Don't tell me you're that stupid. He really doesn't know? I've known her for, what? Five, ten minutes? And even I know that her aunt and uncle abuse her. Verbally for sure, probably physically. I don't know about sexually. It's a definite possibility. Also the state of her points to neglect, and malnourishment. She's very pale, though that might be because I'm reveling her secrets without ever being told them, and her clothes are obviously boy's clothes that have been repurposed." Stated Lilith with disgust. Mr. Weasley looked ready to pass out. He grabbed Alexandra's shoulder, and turned her around to face him. "Is this true?" he asked gently. Alexandra gave a nervous laugh. "Of course not." She said without meeting his eyes. Lilith scowled. "When was the last time he threatened you? Your uncle." Asked Lilith. "He's never threatened me!" said Alexandra shrilly. "Has he ever threatened you?" asked Mr. Weasley. "And I'll know if you're lying. I can do legilimency. So tell me the truth." Alexandra had no idea what legilimency was, but she knew that she had no choice. "A couple days ago." She mumbled. "And just what did he say?" asked a livid Mr. Weasley through gritted teeth. Alexandra bit her lip. There was no getting out of this. She wished that she could get away, far away. It didn't matter where she went, as long as it wasn't here. And suddenly she wasn't there anymore. She was in the leaky cauldron. Breathless, she turned around to find Fudge standing behind her. "Look here girl!" he warned pointing a finger in his face. "I don't care how you're treated at your house. That is not my problem. I didn't put you there, but it'll be me whose head will be chopped off if the press gets wind of this. I'll obliviate the ministry workers, and you'll keep your mouth shut. Are we clear?" he asked. Alexandra crossed her arms and nodded. "Crystal." Answered Alexandra, quoting her favorite movie. They had had free movie days during the summer last year, and she had sneaked away to see "A Few Good Men." (AN: free movie days is a real thing at my theater during the summer.) Nodding, he turned and left. Wondering if the memory charm would work, Alexandra hauled her trunk up the stairs. Flopping down on her bed, she wondered about the Asho's. Would she ever see them again? What had their parents done to drive them over the edge? Would she had ran away with them, if she hadn't been interrupted? With a pang of guilt, she realized that yes. She would have ran away. `1234567890-=][poiuytrewqasdfghjkl;'/.,mnbvcxzzxcvbnm,./';lkjhgfdsaqwertyuiop[]=-0987654321` With a sinking feeling, Alexandra stepped off the train at the end of third year. She had to face her aunt and uncle. They were going to kill her. She was sure of it. This year had been a whirlwind. She had found out that the crazy murder after her who had killed her parents was her godfather, her favorite defense professor (the only one who hadn't tried to kill or erase her memories) turned out to be a werewolf and almost killed her (accidentally, of course), and her best friends rat turned out to be the real traitor who was supposed to be dead. All things considered, it wasn't until she reached the platform that she remembered she was dead meat. But to her great surprise, and relief, the Dursleys weren't there. Hermione had early yearly check up to go to, sense her birthday happened while she was at Hogwarts, so she was rushed away by her parents. The Weasleys stayed for an hour, but there was still no sign of the Dursleys. Alexandra knew she had to do something soon. Her aunt and uncle probably expected her to walk home as punishment for blowing up Marge. She decided to borrow a quarter from a passing muggle lady to call her aunt. "Dursley household, Vernon Dursley speaking." Came the deep voice over the receiver. "Uncle Vernon, it's me. Alexandra. I'm assuming that I have to walk home?" she questioned. Uncle Vernon's whole demeanor changed instantly. "Listen here, girl. My home isn't yours anymore. I'm kicking you out. Don't come back. If you show your freakish face here again, you'll be sorry. Never call this number again. And stay away from my family!" he roared. Alexandra heard a dial tone, and knew that he had hung up on her. Walking away from the pay phone, Alexandra couldn't make herself tell the Weasleys about this. They would be outraged and tell Dumbledore, who would make the Dursleys keep Alexandra. And she didn't want to go back. So instead she came up with a cover story.