disclaimer:if you recognize it, it probable belongs to j.k. rowling June 25th, Saving Grace Clinic, little hangleton Dear diary, I think this is what you're supposed to write. I've never had a diary. Or maybe I have had many. I cannot remember. I think I'm fourteen, though I might be thirteen or fifteen. My name might be Elizabeth, or Lilac. The names Peter, Tom, Rita, Cedric, Lily, and James feel familiar. But I don't think any belong to me. I could have blonde hair, or black. I think it's red. That, or I knew many people with red hair in my past. Nurse Alicia says that they will call me Jane Doe. She is a nice lady, nurse Alicia. She was the one who gave me my journal. It is a rather pretty journal; it's dark purple with a magenta band and a light purple book marker. She encouraged me to write down my feelings and memories. Thinks that I have amnesia. But that's one thing I don't understand. If I have truly lost ALL of my memories why do I know how to read and write? To talk? To walk? Proper manners like please and thank you, and proper capitalization? How do I know how to count? How do I know about flowers and birds and mums and dads and siblings and soda and candy and soup and swimming and all sorts of things? Why am I not reduced to the slobbering, pooping, babbling, baby I surely was so many years ago? But then again, even if I had my memories, I wouldn't remember learning how to walk or talk. Yet I still could. Maybe amnesia is like that. I wonder where my parents are. Or why I was found tied to a gravestone with a slightly burned, wand like stick. The doctors have theories of course. Their initial thought was that my guardians were abusive, and had decided to kill me. I was using the oddly shaped stick for protection. Then they did a DNA test and found out nothing. Nobody in their system matched my DNA. They went door to door asking, but nobody recognized me. Dr. Swanson himself even asked Clara, the owner of the tattoo place, but she swore that she had never seen me in my life. Doctor found this rather fishy considering the tattoo on my left forearm. Then again, the tattoo itself is rather fishy. It's a skull with a snake coming out of it. It appears burned on, rather than inked in. I'm not sure how I know this, considering I apparently have no memories. Great, Nurse Sophie is on duty today. I have to go now before she force feeds me cauliflower. -Jane Doe Daily Prophet June 27th, 1994 The Girl Who Lived reported missing! The evening of June 24th, at six twenty three pm, she disappeared from the final task. The triwizard cup, a symbol of victory and triumph, has now been turned into one of sadness and horror as it was revealed to me exclusively, Rita skeeter, that the cup was not what it seemed. The cup transported our beloved heroine, along with Cecil Dingarooy, to a horrible graveyard. Cherry Dingell remembers pulling Alexandra behind a gravestone and cast a disillusion (SP?) charm on himself. It was reported that a hooded Deatheater grabbed Alexandra and tied her to a gravestone, before preforming a horrendous ritual to bring back You-Know-Who. I repeat, You-Know-Who is now in fact alive. Our brave Alexandra dueled him while Diggory stood, frozen in fear. He is above age yet he did nothing. When He Who Must Not Be Named used the torture curse on young Alexandra, age twelve, Clyde fainted. Next thing he knew it was daytime, and Alexandra was gone. The Deatheater and You-Know-Who were nowhere to be seen. Keep Alexandra in your prayers tonight, folks. Rita Skeeter, sighing off. June 30th, Saving Grace Clinic, little hangleton Dear journal, I have decided that I like the term journal more than diary. Sense the last time I wrote, I have found out many things. 1. My hair is long 2. My hair is black 3. My hair is messy 4. I have green eyes 5. I'm 4'10 6. My new name is Leona Stone 7. I'm rather skinny 8. I hate chocolate 9. I love coffee 10. I love soda 11. Tap water around here is unfit to drink 12. In my former life, I liked red 13. I disliked snakes 14. I talked in secret code 15. I liked to pass notes to my (friends? Enemies?)… people I should probably explain some of these. The first five are obvious, I looked in a mirror, but the next couple might not be. They decided to call me Leona because of my necklace. It has a gold chain and the pendent is red with a black lion outline. Leona means lioness. They found me tied to a gravestone, and thought stone was cheerier than grave. Earlier today I had this strange flashback type thing. I was fingering my necklace when suddenly I saw something. A boy, some years older than me, with brown hair and blue-grey eyes was handing me this necklace. He was wearing a yellow shirt that said Diggory on the back with a picture of a badger below. In the background, I could hear cheering like we were at some kind of sporting event. I was wearing a red shirt, but I couldn't see the writing in the back. It was done in gold though. I saw Diggory's lips move as he latched the necklace, but for some reason I couldn't read his lips. Then I got a searing headache. But clearly I liked red, if I was wearing it and my gift's main color was red. Crumbled in my pocket was a note written in neat writing. Probably from a girl, because they tend to have smaller writing. Again, no idea how I know this. The note said: "Don't let the snakes get to you. You can do it A!" I guess A was my first initial. Below that in my writing was: "You're the best Hermy!" and even further down was the reply: "Don't call me Hermy!" On another note in sloppier writing was the message: "Beat Diggory and show Hufflepuff who is boss!" then below that in writing I once again recognized as my own: "Be nice to Cedric. And Hufflepuff is understandably upset." Then "Whatever you say mate. I swear you are too nice." So I guess whoever this "Hermy" is, is one of my friends. And now I know the first name of the boy who gave me the necklace. Cedric Diggory. I have no idea who Hufflepuff is though. Maybe we are referring to Cedric? I don't know. I must go now. Tomorrow they are moving me to an all-girls orphanage in London called "Kings Home for Girls." Apparently the owner's last name is king. I have to pack the clothing that the members of Little Hangleton have donated for me. -Leona Stone Daily Prophet July 5th, 1994 Breakthrough in the Girl Who Is Missing case! Albus Dumbledore has reason to believe that Alexandra Potter is at Kings Home for Girls, and orphanage in muggle London. When looking a the registration dates for the orphanage, he saw that an M. potter was listed as joining the orphanage on June 26th, two days after the third task. Though he has no reason why she is listed as M potter instead of A potter, Dumbledore is hopeful that he has found the missing girl. In other news, Alastair Moody, Cedric Diggory, Remus Lupin, and Hermione Granger have all been called in for questioning on the location of Alexandra. Moody was found with a large supply of poly-juice potion along with a mysterious trunk that he refuses to open, Lupin is and old friend of Black who is still at large and after Alexandra, Hermione may be jealous after I wrote an article about Ronald's close friendship with Alexandra, and Cedric and Alexandra may have had a lovers spat. I repeat a lovers spat. Yes, that's right folks. Cedric Diggory and Alexandra Potter were dating. So whether Alexandra is locked in her professor's trunk, in a muggle orphanage, being held captive by her dad's ex best friend, has been killed by a raving (ex)boyfriend or a envious best friend, or is somewhere else entirely we must think of her tonight and hope that whoever took her faces the consequences. Rita skeeter, sighing off. July 7th, Kings Home for Girls Dear journal, The strangest of strange men visited my orphanage yesterday. How odd that I have come to think of a place I barley know as my own. I don't like it very much, and I don't want it to be my own. I feel like a mother whose little boy turned into a murderer and drug addict. You don't want to claim the horrible man as your own, but you can't help but love the little boy turned stranger. The world isn't as black and white as many think it to be. Inside every serial killer is a loveable child, and in every loveable child a serial killer. Or maybe the world doesn't work like that at all. Either way, I don't think my case is like the case of the murderer. I have never loved this place. Back to the topic at hand, his companies were almost as strange. The man himself was wearing a blue suit jacket with orange stripes, a black dress shirt, and a pink tie. He was wearing black pants and had an extremely long white beard. Resting on his crooked nose were half-moon glasses. He had five companions. A man with balding red hair wearing a grey sweater, too-large green cargo pants, and brown working boots. A woman with grey hair wearing faded yellow dress that hung off of her and champagne colored heals. A man with greying sandy hair wearing a faded plaid over coat, a thin white dress shirt, black dress pants, and old looking loafers. Then there were two kids about my age, probably a little older. A girl, probably fourteen, with bushy brown hair wearing a black tank-top, denim shorts, and black heals. The final boy looked to be about fifteen, maybe fourteen with red hair, blue eyes, and wearing a green and black striped shirt, grey corduroy pants, and brown flip-flops. I found this quite odd considering it is July. Then again, I wear warm clothing, but I have a more grave reason. Mrs. King freezes out the house where me and fourteen other girls live. There is talk about only accepting babies from now on, because there are so many of us older kids. Mrs. King, Mr. King, and their daughter Monica all live on the top floor. It is listed as a separate apartment, so she pays for warm water, central heating, and AC in the top floor. Where we live she pays for AC, and cold water. In the summer, she turns up the AC so high that we fantasize about spending our days in the smoldering heat. In the winter, she doesn't bother wasting the money. I'm not sure how I know, but I know that the winters here are brutal. I and the other residents will perish as surely as the sun will rise tomorrow. But, then again, the orphanage would have been closed by now if everyone who entered died. Nobody knows why she hates us orphans so much. Though I have only been here a week, I have heard many theories. Some say her mom was killed by orphans and her father died from depression in result. Or vice versa. Others say that she was one herself, and is bitter as a result. A few believe that she has extreme germ phobia and thinks we are so dirty we must be punished. I don't know what to believe. Wow, I sure