A/N: It all started with a Tweet from happyghost on 1/11/2014: "Ya'll know what I want? A short, smutty story: setting in a pool at night. Jasper vamp/Bella human. That is all. ") Would he sparkle?" The challenge was accepted by some phenomenal authors: Caystar, happyghost, and Geezerwench. However, because I hate playing by the rules (I just can't resist a obscure, AU story line), Bella won't be human…but Hell, it'll follow most of the challenge, involving Jasper, Bella, sex, and H2O of some variety…oh, and Peter. Up already! Geezerwench- 10093226/1/Prelude-to-a-Sunset Caystar- 10078698/1/All-I-Need Happyghost- 10104674/1/Late-Night-Swim This is a way off the charts AU (pre-Twilight) short smutty story. (About two or three chapters) How 'bout we just throw Stephanie Meyer's canon realm out the window, because I've altered practically everything in her universe, including the vampire parameters, characters, and back-stories. So, just sit back and enjoy this OOC, AU, smutty story. *Twilight is the sole property of SM and publishing company.* Covet Thy Enemy — Betray Thy Master Chapter 1: Meeting Persephone Jasper April 24, 1893 Since the day I first opened my eyes to my new life, with all its strange and wondrous differences, I have been plagued by the emotions of those around me. My curse was to feel , and as such, I was an unwilling captive to my curse. I was a pawn in Maria's army, a weapon unlike any before me, and my sire used that gift to her advantage, mandating the destruction of souls for acquisition or simply for nourishment. Their emotions permanently etched themselves in my psyche; their blood stained my soul, an ever-present reminder of the monster she'd created. My infallible memory was a fitting punishment for my crimes, weighing heavily on my psyche. I had an eternity to drown in my sins. To vampires, the passage of time was akin to sand falling through a sieve, measured but entirely irreverent to our existence. Eternity wasn't measured by human standards. We had no need to fruitlessly count the years, hours, or seconds that heralded our inevitable demise like the rise and fall of the sun. Our bodies wouldn't desiccate within our mortal vessels, nor would our shells vainly break under the stress of constant usage. Instead, we were forever frozen in our youth, never moving forward. My brother, Peter, and I were just boys when we were forcibly enlisted into Maria's army. We met her on route to Galveston, Texas, where we'd been mandated to evacuate women and children. Three ethereally lovely women stood on the banks of Sweetwater Lake, alone and in a horrid state of undress. Like the decent men momma raised, Peter and I dismounted our horses and offered the women our aid, and our jackets. However, our assistance was not desired, for our warm bodies and military experience were far more valuable for their newest venture. Having lost their covens and territories in battle, the three women collaborated with one another and formed an alliance, aspiring to reclaim what had been taken from them. Like the leech that she was, the cold-hearted bitch sucked the life out of our human bodies and created monsters in her image. She erased everything respectable about two young farm boys from Houston, Texas, and transformed us into ravenous beasts, veritable killing machines. Peter and I were the first recruits in her army. Our sire broke us and molded us into the perfect soldiers, stealing our humanity and our innocence with each life we took. I refused to allow her to soil whatever was left, so I pressed Jasper Whitlock into the darkest recesses of my mind, and I emerged someone new. A new entity—a split personally—that shielded the monster from the man. My alter ego protected Peter and I from the horrors around us, and someday soon, I aimed to use him to liberate the two of us from our unfortunate fate. After culling the twelve newborns in our regiment, I found myself mentally exhausted and thoroughly plagued by the lingering emotions of my victims. After disposing of the bodies, I trudged into the nearest tent and flopped down on an old cot. Then, I propped my head against the steel brace in the structure and closed my eyes. I yearned for a moment alone with my thoughts, eager to quell the crippling depression that loomed over me like a heavy miasma. Maria owed me that small courtesy, at least. The bitch gave me all of ten minutes reprieve before she swept into the tent like a virulent disease, nearly bowling me over with the tenor of her emotions— the familiar uneasiness that accompanied the aching need to destroy and consume. They grated on my psyche as though she were rubbing salt in a wound. Essentially, she had done just that, repeatedly for the past three decades. I, for one, was weary of her games and her voracious need for blood. I might've actually admired her tenacity, if I hadn't daydreamed about her demise for the past seven months . Soon, I told myself . "Jasper," she purred in her usual sultry lilt, standing over me with her hands upon her hips. When I hadn't responded to her presence, she lowered herself on to my lap and rocked her hips against my groin. I gazed at her with a deadly, cold leer, aiming to provoke her to expose her true intentions, which she revealed the moment she ran her finger under the waistband of my britches. My eyebrows rose in anticipation of her demands—demands that always followed her sickening sweet displays of affection. Her feigned warmth and compassion were degrading. What she had hoped would elicit a favorable response, only served to repel me. Once upon a time, my body would've come alive under her touch, and I would've undoubtedly acquiesced to her womanly wiles with very little coaxing. However, my Mistress's siren coercion no longer compelled me to act upon her every whim, so I pushed her completely off my body and bound to my feet, taking a dominant stance before her. Maria was far from amused by the clear rejection of her sexual advances. As of late, my defiant attitude had definitely become contentious issue among the two of us. I clearly felt a shift in the dynamics between us. For some time now, the turmoil had consumed her from the inside out. The woman had always worn a heavily guarded exterior in my presence, something that always seemed rather asinine to me after the cultivation of my gift. Due to the nature of my endowment, I had the ability to unearth the mask of hate and discontent and expose her deceit. Over the course of thirty long, tortuous years, my sire was continually unsatisfied with our lot. Whether it was annihilation or territory, the bitch was never satisfied. The loss of her mate had caused discord in her heart, prompting the constant need for revenge. Her cold, uncaring demeanor quickly returned, coiling back around her like a venomous snake. "Major I have a mission for you and the Captain." Of course she did. What was the scheming bitch up to now? I took a deep breath and let it out loudly, curbing my agitation into the pit of my stomach. "Of course, Mistress, " I bit out. "What is it you would have us do?" I have quite a few ideas roaming around in my head, which include ripping your treacherous tongue from your mouth and lighting your disgusting carcass of fire. Soon. "It seems that a certain former Volturi Princess is mounting a heavy resistance against me and will soon march on Mexico in the coming weeks. I wish you and the Captain to scout out her forces, and if possible, end her reign before she ends mine. Her encampment is up North near Canada, my scouts say Washington State." Ah, how very predictable! But Washington? What a strange place to stake her claim. Then, she leaned in close and spoke in my ear, the words of her native tongue laced with venom. "Haga que se rogar por su vida, mayor. Y luego terminar con su tan dolorosamente posible." (Make her beg for her life, Major. And then end her as painfully as possible.) The woman has lost her damned mind! I had heard the legends of the half human, half vampire child of the Volturi. Up until her birth, the vampire world had little knowledge of hybrid children. Since our bodies were unchanging, procreation was believed inconceivable. Unfortunately, Caius and his human (at the time) mate, Athenodora, found out that male vampires and human females were indeed able to copulate, their reproductive systems completely compatible, resulting in the birth of his daughter, Isabella, and the death of his mate. Tales of the child's birth brought about an era of experimentation among the vampire population, and the results were nearly as cataclysmic as the age of immoral children, nearly upending the delicate balance of our clandestine society. Since said offspring were able to develop, mature, and reason, while their bitten counterparts were unchanging, their existence posed little risk to our world. While their conception and grisly births weren't of great concern to our government, the carelessness of their creator's acts had drawn attention of many cultures, which cited legends of rapes the bore rapidly growing children who partook in human blood. In the face of inevitable discovery, the Volturi were forced to outlaw the practice, dishing out severe punishment to those vampires who chose to live outside the law. Despite his mate's death, Caius adored his child with a passion and sent a veritable army to protect her wherever she roamed. The Volturi weren't known for their unskilled soldiers. Aro, Marcus, and Caius collected talented vampires, those with specialty powers that made mine merely a parlor trick. Lord knew whom we'd encounter. There was a time when I wouldn't have questioned Maria's motives. I had been enamored with her, had gotten lost in her passionate embrace. To a silly, sentimental boy, it was love. To a hardened warlord like my sire, it was nothing more than a reward for a job well done. The dark-haired beauty was as deadly as a viper and rarely took advice from anyone. She always knew what she wanted and it was best to let her have her way. In this instance, however, she was acting completely irrational. Her newest target was a high-ranking member of the Vampire Government, an actual biological child of the most ruthless of the three leaders. Maria's mandate was an act of treason and would result in nothing sort of execution for all those involved, directly or indirectly. "Are you certain about this, Mistress? Strategically speaking, I find this a very unwise move. On the off chance that the Captain and I are able to take out the Princess, our coven will undoubtedly be obliterated. I, for one, don't wish to have my throat cut on an altar like a sacrificial lamb." Her ire was palpable, fueling my own like the flames of a forest fire. Then, she reeled back and slapped me hard across the cheekbone, cracking the marble exterior in her anger. I never wanted to hit a woman so hard in my life. "You will do this for me, Major ," she uttered angrily, her body shaking with fury. "Or I will pull your brother apart piece by piece while you watch." I choked back a laugh at her threat. As much as I wanted to kill the fucker now and then, it was literally impossible for him to die by another's hand, outside of fire. And believe me when I say, it wasn't for a lack of trying. The kid had a gift. Quite a repelling, yet annoying endowment, but it was useful in insuring his safety. It had served him well in the past and it would serve in the future, as well. But the bitch didn't need to know all of my secrets.