Dialogue in italics are direct quotes from Chapter 12-Eclipse This is not E/B fiction. Characters are slightly OOC *Twilight is the sole property of SM.* Chapter One The Newborns are Coming! The Newborns are Coming! Garrett Mount Rushmore National Park After my long trek and earlier consent to accept my friend's request, I stood at the foot of the giant monument, gazing up at the exquisite piece of history. It was a rather fortuitous stop, an agreeable distraction. Eighty years had passed since my last visit to South Dakota. Yet, I still wouldn't have graced her presence had Peter Whitlock not insisted that I make my yearly pilgrimage to Carlisle's, sooner rather than later. Being in New York at the time, it took me a fair amount of time to make the journey, due to the extraordinarily decent weather and my need to remain inconspicuous. But, he had insisted that I was close enough to make the trip to Washington in less then a day, although, he hadn't informed me of the significance of the time restriction. It wasn't as though I had been burdened by anything in particular, so I had done as I was asked. According to the young soldier, not only would I find my mate, but I would also be a party to a supernatural war that loomed on the horizon, and he and Char would accompany me at a later. time. It had sounded intriguing. To me, the promise of war had always been acceptable entertainment. Newborns, my favorite opponents, had been threatening the towns of the Northwest, taunting the vampire police to intervene. While I had accepted their importance to our kind, I disliked the slimy bastards with all of my being, especially the creepy raven-haired leader with the unnerving laugh and deceptively cunning gift. Or the evil leprechaun bitch who could drop a man with one glance. I shuddered at the thought of meeting either of them again. So, out of sheer boredom, I had decided that I would stand with Carlisle against these unknown foes. I shook my head. In my opinion, Peter's non-gift had always been an interesting endowment. On occasion I had appreciated the novelty of a friendly 'magic eight ball', though it was hardly as reliable as Carlisle's coven mate, Alice, and I had told him as much when he had called. To say Peter was angered by the comparison had been the understatement of the millennium. Apparently, his brother, or rather sire's, new lifestyle had put the blond soldier on edge. I had to agree, to a small degree. One's choice of diet definitely had the propensity to be a hot topic, but it was a preference, above all else. A decision such as that was almost as sacred as religion or gender of mate. Far be it for me to cause dissension in the ranks, just because I had chosen to dine on a natural diet. I fully understood the pros and cons to each dietary decision. Carlisle's penchant for human life was commendable. To a morally irreprehensible vampire such as my blond comrade, human life had always been sacred. It was hard to dispute his infallible logic, seeing as though I had once been a fragile human myself. Yet, I still challenged him mercilessly. Rocking his boat had become an enjoyable pastime for me. Carlisle was nothing if not steadfast in his beliefs. So, ultimately, the consumption of furry mammals took precedence over the finer, more palatable blood that graced my lips, and to my oldest friend, an appropriate substitution for the necessary nature of our being. I was of the opinion that the young patriarch would revel in secret victory should he, one day, convert me to his way of life. Quite frankly, unless hell froze over, it wouldn't happen. I was fairly content being who and what I was. For the time being, I had no reason to change. As I gazed upon the brilliantly carved monument, I was delighted to glimpse the immortalized faces of friends past. The foursome looked just as they had so many years ago—forever commemorated in stone. Washington, Jefferson, Lincoln, and Roosevelt were four of the most important men of their time. They had each changed young America in their own ways, some for better, and others for worse. However, men were men, in any case. All of us harbored evil and goodness in our hearts, but none of use could feign perfection, nor should we have been idolized as gods. While, Gutzon Borglum had done a magnificent job with the project, I only wished that I would've taken a bite out of him before the project had begun. Not that it would've stopped the commission, per say, but perhaps had the sculptor been murdered on the eve of construction, I might've inadvertently halted the progression. What a tale that would've been! The day was overcast, cloudy, and threatening rain, so it afforded me the luxury of my own freedom of sorts. I enjoyed being untethered from the shadows, unencumbered by my necessary confinement. It had reminded me of my human days. While I was nomadic by choice, I regularly enjoyed the company of intriguing people, even if they had, more often than not, become my meal. It was the nature of the beast. Loneliness often won over my more rational mind. After climbing over the rock face early this morning, I had spent the rest of the day being led around by a rather beguiling young woman with fiery red locks and a charming Irish accent. The young woman agreeably passed the time until my scheduled phone call and rendezvous with the Cullens. I knew she found me agreeable. I could smell what my presence had done to her, and had I more time, I could've easily persuaded her into my bed. I was a man, in any case. I had desires—quite, voracious desires—but desires, nonetheless. She thoroughly regaled me with the history of the area, as well as the monument. What she hadn't realized was that I had lived through America's brightest and darkest moments and hadn't needed a refresher course, but that was neither here nor there. The American Dream was everything to me. I had been a patriot for justice, a freedom fighter, during the Revolutionary War, and even now, hundreds of years and dozens of battles later, I had still held true to my original mission, snapping a British neck or two for sheer joy of the kill. Old habits die hard, I suppose. In this day and age, freedom was a luxury that many took for granted, having never lived in a time were they weren't under the thumb of an oppressive monarchy. With that in mind, the citizens from that country weren't exactly on my active friends list, Carlisle being the only exception to that rule. Mid afternoon, my phone finally rang. Peter, the magic eight ball that he was, had assumed correctly. I quickly opened the device and greeted the caller, not at all surprised by his identity. After the two of us exchanged pleasantries, Carlisle delved into the situation that had sprouted in Seattle, revealing the true reason behind his call. My oldest and dearest friend required my help in the matter. His request wasn't a bombshell, by any means. Peter had informed me of the details nearly a week ago. When the words left my lips, the little, clairvoyant pixie squealed in the background, screaming several 'thank yous' in the background. Alice had obviously had a vision regarding my arrival in Washington State, and gleaned my acceptance through said power. Whereas Peter's sporadic visions were certain; Alice's gift hinged on certain and changeable variables. It was quite an annoying but cute reaction. Some people were easily amused. Before we bid each other farewell, Carlisle quickly informed me of Edward's human pet, who he believed to have been his mate. According to Peter, she was his singer. That fact alone had debunked his claim. It was physically impossible to mate with the object of one's bloodlust. But it was possible that he was merely infatuated with the crimson liquid that whisked through her veins, mistaking his obsession for love. The boy had hardly experienced enough life experiences to determine such a matter. I couldn't fault Carlisle's protegee, as he was quite likely misinformed. Even though he was a scientist and a doctor, my old friend obviously wasn't versed in all aspects of the vampire world, especially in the area of human blood. It was an arduous task to rein in one's inner demon in the presence of such an alluring scent, even at my age. How he had accomplished such a feat was a mystery to me. My own singer had met an untimely death. Before she had even batted an eyelash, I had drained the beautiful creature, which in turn forced me to kill her friend, who had inadvertently witnessed the attack. The entire situation was quite unfortunate, really, as I despised killing women. In closing, Carlisle, once again, cautioned me to prepare for this child's alluring scent. Apparently, many of the members of the family had difficulty resisting the siren call of her blood. I assured my comrade that my presence wouldn't endanger the girl, as I had full control of my inner demon. and she would be quite safe in my company. After exchanging closing sentiments, I swiftly tucked the annoying piece of technology back in my vest pocket and sprinted off into the twilight, eagerly anticipating the second half of Peter's vision. I shook my head at his uncanny ability to predict crucial events. Now, if only his damned knower worked on command, then I might know who the the lucky woman was! Bella Forks, Washington As we pulled up to the large two-story, white house, with its six other occupants, who I had considered my extended family, I felt as though I was unable to breathe. Apprehension crept up and down my spine as though it had eight legs, creepy and crawly. I scrunched my eyes closed and took fast, shallow breaths, attempting to calm my irrational thoughts. For some unknown reason, I had the sense that my life was on the verge of a major upheaval. That worried me greatly. After rescuing Edward in Volterra, change was inevitable. But, that knowledge had only served to make me apprehensive. After Edward had helped me out of the truck, which I had insisted we bring, we made our way almost silently up the front stairs. I slipped my jacket off of my shoulders and hung it on the golden hall-tree by the door. I took each step with care as Edward and I trudged—well, I trudged and Edward glided—up to the second story landing. Once we entered the large space, we found the Cullens perched on various pieces of furniture, watching the news with rapt attention. Their intense focus on the newscast made me terribly curious, if not slightly apprehensive. I couldn't quell the feeling that Edward was hiding something from me. Emmett exuberantly bound over to me and swept me into a bone crushing hug, playfully berating me for ditching school. I rolled my eyes, slightly exasperated at the man-child before me. As if I was a perfect girl. It wasn't as though it was my first offense. I had skipped school on a variety of occasions. Mind you they were during my broody and depressed phase, but I had still played hookey, nevertheless. Besides, I wasn't all that concerned about my absence. I only had days left before I was free to do as I pleased. I figured it was typical teenaged behavior, even though I had never truly been a child. Living with my mother had made any such luxuries null and void. Renée was a bigger child than I was, requiring constant attention and guidance. Honestly, I was quite happy that I was now living with an adult who wasn't careless and