AN: So some of you have been waiting for this for nearly 2 months, and I sincerely hope it's worth the wait. My goal is to update this story every other week, but please be patient with me as life is a bit crazy at the moment. I'd love to know what you think about the first chapter! As always major beta love to the wonderful DarkNorseLady. You rock! I'd also like to say thank you to both Kreeblimsabs and Nauticalparamour for listening to me talk about this idea and being just as excited about it as I am. :) Disclaimer: All canon character, plots, and situations from the Harry Potter series belong to JK Rowling. I am not profiting from this work. "I loved you from the moment I knew you were there, and you will be loved until the day I die." -Zoe Clark-Coates "Hold still little mud-blood; this is going to hurt…" The sound of cackling laughter was still ringing in Hermione's ears as she sat up in bed. Turning toward the other side of the room she let out a small sigh of relief when she noticed tonight's nightmare hadn't woken up her roommate. Though Ginny repeatedly insisted she wasn't a bother, she didn't like depending too much on the younger girl for comfort. Standing, she pulled a robe around herself and silently exited the bedroom. Upon entering the kitchen of Number 12 Grimmauld place, Hermione quickly realized she wasn't the only one having trouble sleeping that evening. "Nightmares again, Kitten?" Sirius was sitting at the table, a half full glass of firewhiskey in hand. "No," her untamed hair whipped around as she shook her head, "it was a nightmare that woke me up, but I'm feeling a bit nauseous and wanted a little something to settle my stomach before going back to sleep." Sirius stared at her thoughtfully for a moment before getting up and moving toward the cabinet on the other side of the large kitchen. He quickly pulled down a mug and set to work preparing her a cup of tea. "Have you felt sick long?" Hermione shook her head again, "no, just off and on the last day or so. I think I have a touch of the flu." She smiled gratefully when he set the tea and a small plate of crackers down in front of her. "I think I am going to spend tomorrow resting in bed." "That might be a good idea, Kitten. If you aren't feeling better by next week though, I would recommend speaking with Madam Pomfrey. I'd hate to think we missed any ill effects from your time held prisoner." Sirius stared at her for another moment, before refilling his glass and taking a large drink of the amber liquid. "Speaking of, why don't you tell me about tonight's dream?" "Well, it started off with Pansy coming to see me in the Malfoy dungeons," she paused to take a sip, "and honestly just skipped around from there…" The clicking of heels on concrete roused Hermione from her fitful sleep. She had been in this cell for nearly a week, judging by the meals delivered by the silent house elf, and had yet to see a single person. Sitting up, she turned toward the barred entrance of her cell. Seeing the petite figure illuminated by the light of a single candle caused a small gasp to pass her lips. "Pansy?" the way her voice echoed off of the walls caused her to wince slightly. "Shhh!" Pansy hissed, "They don't know I am down here. I brought you a couple of things Granger, but you can't let anyone see that you have them." When the other witch gestured her forward, Hermione stood on shaky legs and moved from the back of the cell. The first thing Pansy pulled from her cloak was a flask. When she held it out, Hermione stared warily. Rolling her eyes, she unscrewed the top and took a generous gulp before once again holding it out. "If I wanted to kill you poison wouldn't be my method of choice, especially considering your current circumstances. If you want to make it in here, you are going to need to learn to trust me." When she held it out again, Hermione took the flask with no hesitation and brought it to her lips taking a large drink. The fresh water immediately brought relief to her parched throat. "Why are you helping me?" she questioned, replacing the lid she slid the flask into the pocket of her jeans. "It's at the request of a mutual friend," the tone of her voice made it clear Pansy didn't care to give any further explanation, "he asked I do my best to keep you safe until you can be rescued. Take a step back, Granger." When Hermione did, she felt the all too familiar tingle of a warming charm being cast on her clothing. "I will try to come back before the charms wear off but I may not be able to. Listen carefully to this next part, because it's vital. I'm leaving you with a few extra supplies and an invisibility cloak to hide them. If the house elf sees them, she won't say anything. She was Draco's Nanny Elf, and her alliances lay with him first and foremost, but he doesn't want to risk us sending things with her. Your primary concern is going to be Bellatrix or Rabastan coming down here. If you hear anyone heading this way I recommend covering your stuff and quickly moving toward the front of the cell. Do you understand?" "...she told me we had a mutual friend," Hermione bit her lip in frustration. "What do you suppose she meant?" "Hmmm. I don't know, Kitten. Was that the only time she visited? You were gone for several months." Hermione had become accustomed to the probing questions from the older Order members, but something in the tone of Sirius' voice caused her to pause. "I didn't give her any information," her voice had a panicked defensiveness about it. "In fact, when she brought me supplies she's the one who did most of the talking. Somehow, she was able to tell me almost to the day when I was to be rescued like she knew someone within the Order…" trailing off, Hermione watched as her warm drink continued to swirl, even after she had ceased stirring it. "Well…" Sirius cleared his throat to regain her attention. When the small witch looked up, he continued, "I didn't mean to come across as though I was accusing you of being a traitor, Hermione, in fact, you are one of the Order members I trust most. I just meant, perhaps you have more allies than you previously realized, and sometimes they come up in the most unexpected ways…" "What do you mean I have more allies?" her eyebrows drew together as she cocked her head to the side. "N-nothing, Kitten," Sirius waved her off dismissively, "I think it's time for both of us to head back to our rooms. You go on; I'll clean up here." Standing, he helped her up and ushered Hermione out of the room. Once she was back in her bed, she fell asleep instantly. "...Yes, she's still asleep. She's been like this all week. I'm really worried. She doesn't usually sleep like this. I know she was having nightmares, but I haven't heard her in a couple of nights. Do you think she's sick?" Hermione tried to lay completely still as she listened to her friend's worried whispers. It had been four days since her conversation with Sirius, and she wasn't feeling much better. She had been so sure that she was keeping up appearances for her friends, but now she was questioning it. "Hmm. No, I don't think she's sick," Hermione could hear the confidence in Luna's voice as she spoke, "Women in her condition are often more tired, and that's why she's been up at night getting sick as well. Nothing to worry about, it should pass as things progress." "What do you mean her condi-" Realization hit Hermione before Ginny was able to finish her question. Feeling instantly sick she jumped out of bed and ran out of the room. Moment's later, while bent over the toilet in the third-floor bathroom, she felt someone pull back her hair and place a cold rag on her neck. Turning, she tried to give the girl a grateful smile. "Thanks, Gin, I don't know what's come over me, I think I am sick," she tried to insist weakly. "Uh, Mione? Are you sure that's what it is?" Ginny kneeled beside her best friend and tried to give her a supportive smile. "Luna, uh, well she thinks it might be something else. I know they checked you over when you first got back, but uh- When was the last treatment that they gave you before you were rescued?" Hermione closed her eyes and took a deep breath. When she opened them back up, she couldn't stop the tears from streaming down her face. "Ginny, I think-" she had a sharp intake of breath and covered her mouth, "I think Luna is right. The last, uh, treatment was earlier the day I was rescued. It likely wouldn't have shown up yet when they did the charm. Oh! The charm! Do you know it?" "No, but Luna does." Pulling her friend into her arms, Ginny stroked her hair and lowered her voice. "Let's go back into the bedroom first though. We'll get you freshened up, and we will handle this like adults, hmm?" Feeling Hermione nod, she helped her and they quietly made their way back to their shared room. "Are you ready, Hermione? Lift your shirt just a bit," Luna calmly raised her wand. Seeing the older witch nod and expose her flat stomach, she quietly started the incantation. Just as Luna uttered the final words, the door swung open and in walked Ron and Lavender followed closely by Neville and Harry. "Don't you know how to knock?" Ginny shrieked, preparing to push the group from her room. "Any of us could have been naked." Her actions were halted when she saw the shocked look on Lavender's face. Following the annoying girl's gaze, she noted that Hermione's hands were covering her abdomen protectively, but behind them, you could see a faint pink glow. "I-I'm pregnant?" she whispered, staring down at her hands. "I'm going to be a mother, Ginny." Hermione looked up and met her friend's gaze, with a small smile on her lips. The moment of joy was soon brought to an end by a shriek from the other side of the room. "You're pregnant?" Lavender was out of the room, and on her way down the stairs, before anyone was able to stop her. Everyone fell silent as Dumbledore entered the room. He was in no hurry as he walked to the head of the table at a leisurely pace. Sitting down, he took several second to look at the all of the Order members present before speaking. "So, there are things to be discussed?" Something about the flippant tone of his voice got under Hermione's skin. There were several seconds of silence, only broken when Kingsley stood up. "It has been brought to our attention that after the infiltration of Malfoy Manor, a little over a month ago, something was overlooked. As of this morning, Madam Pomfrey has estimated that Hermione is roughly six weeks pregnant with a child, and it is believed that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is the father." "I see," Dumbledore stared at Hermione for several seconds, seemingly lost in thought. "Well, I believe the necessary course of action is blatantly clear. We must act quickly and terminate the pregnancy. I believe Madam Pomfrey should be able to complete the procedure this afternoon; there's no use in waiting and risking Tom gaining access to Hermione and the child. It's a quite