This is my first story on fanfiction and I just wanted to say that I am quite proud off the concept and the characters I created. So I hope you all enjoy my story and take some kind of liking to it or review that would also be nice Leanna -x - Disclaimer : I do not own anything except all the kids and Lucrezia's family and also Cameron . India POV I watched the leaves fall down on the pavement they looked dark, shriveled up, dead almost Like someone grabbed a lighter and let the flames softly lick the leaves clean. I looked around the parking lot again annoyed with myself for asking my mother to pick me up from school even though I knew she would be working late today. The school parking lot was eerily empty and I felt the familiar feeling of scared loneliness creep up on me again. " INDIA " I looked across the parking lot and spotted my mothers grey beetle she honked the horn twice before waving me over her blond ponytail swinging back and forth while the curls bounced up and down with the energetic movements she made, I stood up dusted off my clothes and grabbed my purple back pack. Before I even reached the car my mom pulled me towards her and hugged me tight "India I told you to just take the bus, I swear sometimes you're as stubborn as your dad" I shrugged my mom grabbed my back pack and threw it in the trunk she opened the car doors and I stepped into the car, already feeling the warmth of the car heater seep into my stinking cold body I freaking hated September, I glanced at the back seat and noticed my baby sister Kenya sitting in the back seat her face an angelic mask of peace, her eyes were closed and her body lay still except for her hands which occasionally twitched, "how was work" I asked while slowly moving my eyes back to look at my mother her blue eyes were focused on the road as they always were when she was driving unlike my father she was a very conscious driver and preferred being late then dead, which I wholeheartedly agreed with but I would much rather be alive and on time. "It was okay there was this woman who send in the manuscript of her book it seems interesting I get to stay home tomorrow and read the manuscript like I said it was okay" I looked at her as she turned into our neighborhood, God I hated Tacoma it was a shitty place with shitty people, My sister England says it's not the people it's me I am a socially awkward butterfly. My other sister America told me that it could be because our mother has Aspergers syndrome I had inherited a different form of autism from her. My mom says I am fine and tells me to keep pushing it's only one more year "Home sweet home" she said a monotone tone in her voice she looked over at me and smiled, "let's go and see if your father has screwed up dinner yet so we can order pizza" I smiled softly at my mother and she moved to the back seat to unclasp Kenya and we walked inside Kenya sleeping soundly on my mother's chest my mother had a lot of difficulties while being pregnant with Kenya apparently Kenya was a bit of a too small born baby. She was one now and was still a little bit too small but nothing to drastic she was very lively she loved to play around and giggle. My mom opened the door and walked inside, we reached the living room and saw dad he was pacing around his eyes glowed a scary yellow which meant he was angry, his muscles bulged and tensed up with irritation, my mother looked at him and her face turned scared the way it always did. "India take Kenya and your other sisters into the kitchen" I grabbed Kenya from my mom and Kenya shot my mom a worried glance she was attached to my mom's hip her carrot colored curls hanging past her ears. Her pale blue eyes holding wisdom that no other baby her age could ever hold, " WE HAVE TO GO BACK " My father grabbed my mom's home made vase and smashed it into the wall. My mom flinched and her eyes turned a bit sad before glancing towards me again but somehow my legs were rooted to the spot the way they always were whenever my dad was angry. I noticed my sisters sitting in the corner their faces ducked between their hands they were frightened. "Paul you're scaring the kids" he turned towards us and focused his green eyes on each off us stopping last on my mothers face, he took in a deep breath and looked at my mom "I wanted a new life" mom nodded and took a step towards him placing her small pale hand on his face "how about you take a run when you get back we'll talk about it" he nodded and kissed the palm off my mom's hand once before running out the front door I took in a deep breath and licked my lips nervously glancing at my mother once this rarely ever happened. "Okay girls I am gonna go and fix dinner, America and Alaska please wash Mirabella and Arabella today, England sweetie clean you room, India can you please finish that book report today" my sisters nodded and I smiled softly at my mother and she smiled a small smile back and took Kenya from me, Kenya laid her head on her shoulder her orange colored curls toppled over her shoulders and she pecked her forehead. "Okay girls I'll call you when dinners ready" I watched my mother walk toward the kitchen there was a certain slouch in her walk, Kenya clutched to her like she was her life line, I walked up the stairs and into my room, Pearl attacked me her white fur making her look like a pillow being chucked at my head, Pearl was my Fennec fox a fennec fox was like a miniature fox, I looked at her and rubbed my nose against hers sitting her down on my lap as I sat down on my bed I scratched her snow white fur. I remember when I got this little fox, the twins were four and were whining for pets so eventually my mother agreed if they were at least under 2 feet tall. And she thought that she was smart but she wasn't cause we all sought out creatures that stayed small and lived a long time so I had my fennec fox Pearl, the twins had their Teacup pigs Mirabella and Arabella, England chose the most normal thing and went with a miniature husky named roberta she called her Berta. "I missed you Pearly" she yipped happily and her little tail wagged up and down, I ran my hand through my brown straight hair and continue to rub my little white sweethearts little back. She had been with me through everything and only she knew how much I was bullied. My sisters went to different schools so they didn't know either England went to some performing arts high school and Alaska and America went to a school for geniuses. My parents always wondered at what school I belonged but I had almost no hobbies except painting but there was unfortunately no artsy school here. But I only had one more year to go and then I was officially done and over with high school I always thought about going to some high end university but when I thought about it I got queasy. It was even worse there the people were older and more cruel my life was like this circle of doom it would just keep repeating the same pattern until I was dead. There was no savior for one who knew that they were already dead. I hadn't noticed that Pearl had fallen asleep on my lap her soft and steady breathing brought me out of my musings, I laid her down on the bed and she laid her head softly in the crook of her neck I smiled and walked into my own small bathroom I loved the fact that I had my own since I had to do a lot of begging to get it. I took off my clothes and took a shower enjoying the feel of the water running down my body. I really hated it whenever my father got angry and ran off he'd always come back to apologize but it was like he was angry about something all the time. My dad stopped aging at the age of 16 and at the age of the twenty one on the night that I was conceived he mate marked my mother which caused her to stop aging. I grabbed my bottle of coconut shampoo and squeezed a general amount of it in my hair I rubbed it through my hair and sighed I hated my hair it was so flat and straight. My mother had beautiful blond curls, America and Alaska shared their black waves. England enjoyed the feel off her platinum blond/silver hair. The thing with England was that she also her straight her but at least the color was different new and interesting. Kenya's hair was a curly ginger color she reminded mom of herself at a young age mom used to be a ginger when she was young at the age of four her hair started to change into a blond color, I washed the soap out of my hair and put off the shower wrapping a towel around my body and stepping out of the shower. I wiped the condensation off the mirror and watched myself. I just hoped dad hadn't gotten any bad news like last time he got informed that there had been a robbery at one of the offices, he was angry devastated and actually didn't want to talk to anyone for the rest off the day. This time he seemed more distressed then that time. I grabbed my brush and carefully tried to brush the knots out of my hair, my mother was a very unique person I had always known that she was different like no one else was she was herself she still was bad at reading people's facial expressions, she was still very rude sometimes and still hated when people disturb a routine of hers, she wears the same type of outfit everyday, tights under a skirt and a short sleeved shirt it didn't matter what kind off print or anything it was just that she needed the sense of continuity in her life. My mother was different and my family understood so did her bosses but some other people didn't. I stepped into my room and grabbed an underwear from my underwear drawer. I grabbed a pink bra and a purple jersey dress. I looked around my room for Pearl she wasn't sitting on my bed anymore and my mother kind of hated whenever the animals kept running around the house she preferred they stay in their place. I sighed and slipped my feet into my slippers before going to look for Pearl in the living room. I slipped out of my bedroom and looked through the long hallways that held all five bedrooms of our house. I sighed and ran a hand over my palms feeling the fragile skin sting under my fragile touch made me cringe. "You lose something" I looked to my right and America and Alaska stood there next to each other their faces wearing their evil twin smirk I hated so much. "Pearl she was asleep but now I can't find her" America looked at Alaska in this overly