Disclaimer: It is quite obvious I own nothing but my plot and thoughts. Characters and any recognizable content is not mine. Also, thank you, Rosa Mundi, for their review that helped me correct this chapter and all other reviewers. The Unraveling of Secrets: Chapter One Harry was told to act like he didn't exist, and really, he didn't want to exist after the ruddy birthday he had had. His hunger pains still lingered, even after Aunt Petunia had given him two pieces of bread and a slice of cheese. It wasn't enough after all the chores she'd forced on him after he'd made her poor Dudders afraid because of the "M" word. He wanted to take the whole bloody roof off and almost would have if his entire school stuff hadn't been locked in the cupboard just like Hedwig was in her cage. It was complete rubbish the way they acted, but Harry was too depressed that his friends hadn't written to do much of anything besides trudge up the stairs as soon as the doorbell rang. Harry went up to his room quietly and went to sit on the bed, but what met his sight was something he had not been expecting and wasn't even sure he could define. The little green eyed- whatever it was had huge ears and a ratty pillowcase with holes cut out for the arms and legs on his too thin frame. The smallness of his body only enhanced the large ears jutting out of his round head. Harry just looked at the… thing with apprehension. "Er… hello," said Harry with nervousness lining his voice. /"Harry Potter!" said the creature in a high-pitched voice Harry was sure would carry down the stairs. "So long has Dobby wanted to meet you, sir . . . Such an honor it is. . . ." "T-thank you," said Harry, edging to his desk chair, next to Hedwig. He wanted to ask, 'What are you?' but knew it would be rude, so instead he said, "Who are you?" "Dobby, sir. Just Dobby. Dobby the house-elf," said the creature. Harry didn't know what a house-elf was, but he was fine with forgetting that for the moment to get to more important matters. The introduction was interrupted by Harry trying to find out what the little elf wanted only to see the elf seem so afraid. "Sit down," said Harry politely, pointing at the bed. This ended in another loud debacle where Harry was forced to try to calm the loud annoying elf as he attempted to hurt himself. Harry pulled Dobby back onto the bed. Hedwig had woken up with a particularly loud screech and was beating her wings wildly against the bars of her cage. Harry could feel his short life slipping away at the noise level. Vernon was going to kill him if he heard him. Harry hearing about the state of Dobby's life made him think of his own lonely, pathetic existence. He might as well have been a house-elf. Locked up, treated terribly, made to do everything. Harry empathized with the elf. He wanted to give the poor thing a chance because of it. "And I thought I had it bad staying here for another four weeks. They make the Dursleys sound almost human. Can't anyone help you? Can't I?" Dobby dissolved again into wails of gratitude that made Harry cringe. He was going to get him killed. "Please," Harry whispered frantically, "please be quiet. If the Dursleys hear anything, if they know you're here." The persistent elf continued to treat Harry like he was the best person he'd ever met, which made Harry blush fiercely. "Whatever you've heard about my greatness is a load of rubbish. I'm not even top of my year at Hogwarts; that's Hermione, she," But he stopped quickly, because thinking about Hermione was painful. "Harry Potter is humble and modest. Harry Potter speaks not of his triumph over He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named." "Voldemort?" "Ah, speak not the name, sir! Speak not the name!" " Harry groaned and calmed the elf, apologizing, but the elf just kept complimenting him until Harry groaned and tried to dissuade the persistent elf. It did not work. "Harry Potter is valiant and bold! He has braved so many dangers already! But Dobby has come to protect Harry Potter, to warn him, even if he does have to shut his ears in the oven door later. Harry Potter must not go back to Hogwarts." "W-what?" Harry stammered. "But I've got to go back. Term starts on September first. It's all that's keeping me going. You don't know what it's like here. I don't belong here. I belong in your world… at Hogwarts." "No, no, no. Harry Potter must stay where he is safe. He is too great, too good, to lose. If Harry Potter goes back to Hogwarts, he will be in mortal danger." "Why?" "There is a plot, Harry Potter. A plot to make most terrible things happen at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry this year." Dobby trembled all over. "Dobby has known it for months, sir. Harry Potter must not put himself in peril. He is too important, sir!" "What terrible things?" said Harry at once. "Who's plotting them?" Dobby made a funny choking noise and then banged his head frantically against the wall. The house-elf went through another tirade where Harry finally figured out it had to do somewhat with Voldemort before he was confused again, but before Harry could stop him, Dobby had seized Harry's desk lamp and beat himself around the head with earsplitting yelps. Two seconds later Harry, heart thudding madly, heard Uncle Vernon coming into the hall, calling, Harry stuffed Dobby in the closet. Uncle Vernon burst into the room and through gritted teeth, his face horribly close said,"You've just ruined the punch line of my Japanese golfer joke. . . . One more sound and you'll wish you'd never been born, boy!" Harry wanted to hiss a retort, but held back. Vernon stomped flat-footed from the room. Shaking, Harry let Dobby out of the closet. "See what it's like here?" he said. "See why I've got to go back to Hogwarts? It's the only place I've got… well, I think I've got friends." "Friends who don't even write to Harry Potter?" said Dobby slyly. "I expect they've just been. Wait a minute, how do you know my friends haven't been writing to me?" Dobby shuffled his feet. "Harry Potter mustn't be angry with Dobby. Dobby did it for the best." "Have you been stopping my letters?" "Dobby has them here, sir." He pulled a thick wad of envelopes from the inside of the pillowcase he was wearing. "Harry Potter mustn't be angry. Dobby hoped if Harry Potter thought his friends had forgotten him than Harry Potter might not want to go back to school, sir." Harry wasn't listening. He made a grab for the letters, but Dobby jumped out of reach. "Harry Potter will have them, sir, if he gives Dobby his word that he will not return to Hogwarts. Ah, sir, this is a danger you must not face! Say you won't go back, sir!" "No! Give me my friends' letters!" "Then Harry Potter leaves Dobby no choice." Dobby ran downstairs. Mouth dry, stomach lurching, Harry sprang after him, trying not to make a sound. He jumped the last six steps, landing catlike on the hall carpet. Harry ran up the hall into the kitchen and felt his stomach disappear. Aunt Petunia's masterpiece of a pudding, the mountain of cream and sugared violets, was floating up near the ceiling. On top of a cupboard in the corner crouched Dobby. "No," croaked Harry. "Please, they'll kill me. " "Harry Potter must say he's not going back to school." "Dobby, please." "Say it, sir." "I can't." Then Dobby must do it, sir, for Harry Potter's own good." That was the end for Harry. The pudding was dropped, the Masons were terrified by an owl, and Vernon Dursley promised Harry he would flay him to within an inch of his life. That was the end for Harry Potter. He knew it as soon as the door slammed. Harry stood in the kitchen, clutching the mop for support, as Uncle Vernon advanced on him, a demonic glint in his tiny eyes. "Read it!" he hissed evilly, brandishing the letter the owl had delivered. "Go on. Read it!" Harry took it. It did not contain birthday greetings. Dear Mr. Potter, We have received intelligence that a Hover Charm was used at your place of residence this evening at twelve minutes past nine. As you know, underage wizards are not permitted to perform spells outside school, and further spellwork on your part may lead to expulsion from said school (Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery, , Paragraph C). We would also ask you to remember that any magical activity that risks notice by members of the non-magical community (Muggles) is a serious offense under section of the International Confederation of Warlocks' Statute of Secrecy. Enjoy your holidays! Yours sincerely, Mafalda Hopkirk, Ministry of Magic Harry looked up from the letter and gulped. "You didn't tell us you weren't allowed to use magic outside school," said Uncle Vernon, a mad gleam dancing in his eyes. "Forgot to mention it. Slipped your mind, I daresay." He was bearing down on Harry like a great bulldog, all his teeth bared, and laughing like a maniac, he dragged Harry back upstairs. Harry was thrown into the room and just glimpsed at Dobby hiding in the closet before Vernon came down upon him. The first hits got him in the abdomen, the next to the face, the chest, and then his arms when he lifted his arms to protect himself. He felt so many of his bones breaking, the pain flooding through him as he collapsed into a ball on the floor, waiting for it to stop. He just managed to keep his eyes open as Vernon left. He saw Dobby exit looking at him with nervous fear. He barely rasped out, "Help," before he passed into the black. Severus Snape was reading when he heard the distinct sound of someone apparating into his house on Spinner's End. He was not surprised to see it was a house-elf as he had apparating wards around the house against wizards from getting inside his home, and only certain house-elves were allowed inside his home. He recognized the incorrigible elf immediately from his slim visits to Malfoy Manor. "Dobby, what is the meaning of this?" The little elf looked at him with tears gathered in his tennis ball shaped eyes. "Oh, Dobby, is so sorry, sir. Dobby had wanted to protect him. Only protect him from bad wizards." The house-elf abruptly began banging his head into the bookshelves lining his walls. "Bad Dobby! Bad Dobby!" "Stop, elf! There is no need for that! Now, get on with it!" The little elf stammered with his eyes half open from most likely pain. "Dobby is so sorry. Dobby only meant to help. Now he's is dying, sir. The big walrus hurts Harry Potter, sir. Dobby had to help him. Dobby had to save him. Dobby make it worse." Dobby then began again with his furious banging until Severus growled low in his throat. The bloody elf was speaking too fast to understand him. "Make sense, elf!" Dobby stopped abruptly and pulled letters out of his pillowcase clothing. He handed the blood stained letters to Snape, who delicately took them, trying to mind the still drying blood covering them. "What is the meaning of this, elf? Whose blood is this?" "Dobby was only trying to stop Harry Potter from getting hurt, sir. Dobby stole his letters to keep him from going to Hogwarts. Hogwarts is not safe, sir. He is not safe, sir. Dobby went to tell him so, but Dobby could not make Harry Potter stay. Dobby then went to make the large