FAGE 9: The Last Ride Title: Let Me Love You Written for: Forever Robsessed Written By: alaskangirl Rating: K Summary/Prompt used: Bella pulls a shy/reclusive Edward out of his shell. If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange visit the facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps, or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox. community/FAGE-9-The-Last-Ride/93625/ It was near closing time when I went through the checklist my boss had us sign off every night. Living in the town of Forks, Washington was boring and interesting at the same time. I was born here and still lived here with my parents, Charlie and Renee. My dad was the chief of police and mom was a stay at home mom, but she was much more than that. She was my Confident, my ally against my father and one of the best humans I had come to know so far. My parents met years ago. My father was from a blue collar family, but his family was known in all circles of social standing. My grandparents made sure he knew where he came from and where he could go if he worked hard enough. It was during a fundraiser for a fallen police officer that he met my mother. Mom was the opposite of my father as she grew up having anything and everything she ever wanted, but she also knew what hard work meant. My grandparents didn't just hand over a new car like her friend's parents did or buy her the new purse that was all the rage. She got a job and anything extra, other than what her parents gave her like food, a clothing allowance-with the exception of the fancy gowns she had to wear to the social events they attended- or the roof over her head, she worked hard for. She learned at a young age how to save money and she did. By the time she reached the age where most parents may hand over a car, she bought her mother's old car, paid for her own gas and insurance. During that night something happened, a spark or bolt of electricity, who the hell knows what, but they soon were going to chaperoned parties and dances. It seemed that both sets of my grandparents came from wonderful families and their children knew what was expected of them. They dated for years while both attended school. My father went to the police academy while my mother attended the same school my grandfather had attended, but instead of the big fancy finance degree he came out with, she came out with a liberal arts that meant diddly shit. Though that degree proved she had an eye for the arts. She was offered many museum jobs but she turned them all down. She went to school to appease her parent's, however she was determined to marry my dad and have a family. It was that night after my father had graduated from the academy that he asked my grandfather for my mother's hand and the wedding planning commenced. While my mother could have had the wedding of the century, they had what was called a small wedding to their social circles and decided to go camping instead of a lavish honeymoon. Many talked about how my mother was degrading herself down the social ladder, but little would all those snobs know just how much my mother would eventually do for this town and others. Dad rose in the ranks and soon found him chief, with the salary to match and security to go with it. My parents told me that night after he was sworn in I was conceived. I shuddered at the thought of my parents having sex, but, no...ewwww. I was born 9 months later to my beaming parents and the best two sets of grandparents I could ever wish for. I was spoiled with love and kindness all while being taught money doesn't bring you happiness. So here I am today working in the local diner during the weekends and on my breaks. Just like my mom I got a job to earn what was not provided for me. I, unlike my mother, didn't need fancy dresses or clothes. I shopped at other town's thrift stores and remade clothes. My name got around and soon I found myself with another job of a clothes designer. I had re-designed prom dresses for the prom queen to a few bridesmaids' dresses for friends of my parents. All the extra money went to pay for gas and insurance for my old truck and the rest went into my savings account. Now my grandparents,all four of them, have been gone a while now. I miss them all terribly, and will always cherish the memories I have of them. Everything was left to my parents: the cars, the homes, the money and all the glory. We didn't need a fancy house and my parents told me that even though they had memories at my mother's home it was just four walls. They sold everything that wasn't needed and put some into savings and the rest they started a charity providing scholarships for teens to attend colleges and summer camps. Both of my parents cherished their times they had while attending various camps so they wanted to pass that on. There were many family heirlooms that they had saved for me to one day furnish a house which made me happy. I have the big chair my grandfather would read stories to me that was in their living room, but now in my room. It was my solitude to sit in that chair, read my favorite book and watch the world go by outside my window. I secretly made up soap operas with what was going on in the bird and squirrel kingdom. As I started wiping down the empty seats and tables, I noticed that one of the regulars was not here tonight. Lauren, one of my co-workers, had told me when I started here that his name was Edward and he sat at the same table every night. He would order the cheapest thing he could afford and worked on homework until they chased him out of there. Remember all those people that looked down on my mother and grandparents for letting her marry my father? Well, Lauren came from one of those families. All those debutantes that didn't have a care in the world on how much was spent on them, only that they got what they wanted, were now trying to make ends meet. Many of the families bought into some kind of plan to bring Forks into the 20th century with big fancy hotels and everything else that went with them. My grandparents passed on it and later learned that the man behind it took the money and ran. Some of the families were smart like my mom's parents, but not all did. Soon all those fancy houses, cars and their lavish lifestyles were gone. Many moved back to their families on the East coast but they never learned the lesson life was telling them. The last my parents had heard, was three of the families had children in rehab for the millionth time and a few had sent their girls off to spas, aka eating disorder clinics, or to dry out centers. I heard the jingle from the door and in walked Edward. He had his laptop and a few books. I heard Lauren start bitching that he came in so close to closing. The boss' rule was,if anyone came in while the doors were unlocked then we had to stay. I watched him walk over to the booth he always sat in and get settled. I told Lauren to go home and she left before I had the chance to change my mind. In reality, it was for my sanity and the cook's sanity not to listen to her bitch about staying late. "Can I get you something?" I stood there with my tablet and pen in hand looking at him. He looked up at me, his eyes grew wide, and he started stammering. I felt so bad that I was just going to bring him a cup of coffee and leave him alone. "Bella, I would love a cup of coffee and a piece of pie. It doesn't matter what type." He spoke low and slow as not to raise any attention to himself. I just smiled at him and went to get what he ordered. I sat it down next to him and scared him. I felt so bad and I apologized but he started stammering again. I just left it. Something called me to him, but from what Lauren told me about him I was to stay away. Still, that invisible pull called me to him. He was special and not what everyone seemed to think he was. I went through the checklist and it was almost 1 a.m. when he shut his laptop case and gathered his things. He quietly said thank you and left. My jaw nearly dropped to the ground when I saw he left me $25, while his ticket was under $10. I gave some of my tips to the cook and cleaned up the table. The rule was whoever stayed late was walked out to their vehicle. While we lived in a quiet town, it seemed the big city problems were slowly creeping their way in. I would overhear my parents talk about it when they thought I wasn't around. I was tired, surprised,but elated at the decent tip. I was getting so close to my goal. My parents had made a deal with me. If I graduated with honors they would pay for my summer trip before college classes started. I still had to save for spending money, but I was looking forward to backpacking around Europe. For weeks Edward kept to his schedule when I was working. I also noticed he was in all my AP classes at school too. I never knew he was in my classes. He kept to himself for the most part and stayed quiet. I never saw him with any friends or family. On the evenings I worked, I offered him a ride home as he walked everywhere but he always declined. One particular night a bad storm had set in. My boss told me to lock up early and head home. He may be an ass at times, but he did care and want his employees safe. As I slowly headed home I saw Edward walking along the side of the street. I knew the way the wind and rain were picking up it would not end up good. I pulled over to the side of the road and opened my door. The look on his face when he saw my old truck made me angry for some reason. I could tell he was contemplating not accepting the ride I had offered, but one gust of wind he had his ass on the seat. "I know you know where my family came from, but just because we have money doesn't mean we flaunt it. My mother was a debutante but my dad was from a blue collar family. Both sides had the same morals and were hard working people despite having or not having money. I may have friends that have money or come from well to do families, but my parents taught me that hard work gets you farther. So if you have an issue or think I'm a snob, then you can cut that shit out now. It's not who I am or who my family is." My verbal lashing came spewing out to him and I saw the look on his face that I wasn't sure what to think of. "Bella, of course I know who you are and where you come