FAGE 8:Soul Mates Title: Singer of the Heart Written for: EternallyCullen Written By: alaskangirl Rating: T Summary/Prompt used: Bella auditions for a lead role. Little does she know her past comes back to find her. I used audition with the pairings of Bella and Edward. I was nervous as I entered the practice room though I knew I needed to warm up. I started with the normal mouth exercises to loosen up my muscles. I then went to the next exercise of la la's and do's. I sounded ridiculous but it was the norm I was used to by my old voice coach. I went through A flat major scale up, down and over and over again. I continued going through my warm ups and thought about the pieces that I had the option of singing. My vocal coach always told me to have 3 or 4 songs ready at a moment's notice. That way if someone sang one I would have a back up. I had never had to delve into my choices but I always picked music that no one else would choose. I heard the knock on the door letting me know it was my time to shine. I wanted to make my coach and parents proud of me. This was my last chance of trying to get the role of my dreams. If this didn't work then I would use my English degree and accept the teaching position that was waiting for me back at home. I checked over my attire of a blouse and slacks with flats. I was comfortable but presentable. My hair was held back in a clip and then loose down my back. I walked out on to the stage and looked out into the audience. I could briefly see a faint light and some people moving around. I nodded to the piano player and he started the intro. I had chosen "How Are Things in Glocca Morra?" from Finian's Rainbow. I had grown up watching old musicals with my dad and this was one of his favorites. I used this song to keep him close to me even though he no longer was. I hit every note right on target and finished the song with a flourish. I was surprised I finished the whole song. Most directors only let auditioners sing through a few lines and then call thank you. It was the norm saying don't call us and we won't call you. "Miss Swan, will you proceed to the conference room? The secretary will show you the way." a voice called out from the dark and I nodded my head at them. A short woman with an enormous smile on her face showed me where to go. "Just go on in, they are expecting you." And with another smile, she danced off. I just stood there looking at her and wondered how much coffee she had had. I was sure these auditions went on for hours. I opened the door and noticed no one was there. Did I hear her correctly that they were expecting me? I waited in my seat before getting back up and making sure I was in the right room. My question was answered when I heard voices. A woman came in with another man with his hand wrapped around her waist. Another couple followed them in along with a single man. All of them were gorgeous and known in the music world. Carlisle started out just like the rest of us, one audition after another but soon found his calling in directing. His first musical came out to rave reviews and the rest is history. That is how he found his wife Esme. She was a young girl just starting out and not known. He took a chance and she became an overnight star. Together, they have won numerous awards and were considered royalty. They all sat down and shuffled papers in front of them. "Before we start with our questions, I want to introduce you to our little family here. The secretary you met is our daughter Alice. She keeps everything organized and tidy for us all. Her husband runs the stage and designs our sets for us. Next to my lovely wife is our son Emmett and his wife Rosalie. They are both choreographers and costume designers. The last man is our son Edward, he is in charge of music and lyrics." Damn it why did it have to be him? I would know those green eyes anywhere. When I started college and was earning my wings on stage he attended the same school as me. We both became well known as we both earned the leading roles time and time again. Through long practice hours and stage time something started between us. At first it was a spark but became a raging flame that lead to us becoming the "it" couple. We spent all of our down time together and finding out more about each other. One night I gave in and pulled him into a kiss. That kiss brought me to my knees and led to more. After one particularly hard production we both gave in to what we were both feeling for each other. That night was one of the best of my life but filled with pain as well. I knew giving him my virginity would be painful but it was worth it. I put my heart and soul into that relationship only for it to be broken to pieces and stomped on. We had finished our last college production and graduation was upon us. I walked across that stage so proud of myself all while wishing my dad was there to see it. I was on a high not realizing I was walking into a tornado. I kept looking for Edward and found him with some blond sucking the lips off his face. She pulled off of him, looked at me and started laughing." You must be the poor girl that he suckered. It was all a joke! The relationship, the sex, all of it. You are a nobody and will never be anything. The only reason you have talent is because of him." I stood there with tears streaming down my face hearing her rant go on and on. He never said anything to me while he stood there listening to her make a fool of me. I turned around and left determined to prove her wrong with the hope I would never see him again. "Miss Swan, why did you choose the song you did? It is not a well known favorite in the audition world." I cleared my throat and took a drink of water."Growing up, I watched old musicals and movies with my father. Finian's Rainbow was a favorite of his. I chose that song in a memorial to him in a way." "Miss Swan, I am sorry to hear that. Can I ask when your father passed?", Esme asked with a mother's concern and not someone who was looking for talent. "He passed a few weeks after my college graduation from a drug bust gone wrong. The bad guys were arrested but my father was killed in the stand off. The guy is behind bars for the rest of his life." I closed my eyes and fought off the tears of missing him but seeing the man that stomped on my heart. I regained my posture and looked back at all of them though not even glancing Edward's way. "Is there anything else you would like to ask me?" I wanted this audition to be over with so I could go back to my small apartment to fall apart. "Are you willing to relocate or travel if the show needs you to?", Esme asked the question but I knew she was changing the subject. "Yes, I am. My apartment is on a month to month basis and I don't have much in belongings so I can keep things simple." Rosalie shuffled her papers." I see that you don't have much in dance classes. How are you with choreography?" "First and foremost I am a singer. I did take the basics but I am no ballerina. It takes me a bit longer to learn difficult moves but I get them down. I put in extra hours and I can hire someone to work with me on them if need be." She looked at me with a weird look on her face. I wasn't sure what it meant. The questions went on about when I was available and how soon to what I designated as porn and what wasn't leading to risque costumes. The final question almost made me speechless as he asked "You do realize that if we give you this lead that it means no social life, no time for anything outside rehearsals and no time for anyone else. Are you okay with that?" "Mr. Cullen, the only person in my life is my mother and she is back in Washington. I have no friends here and no one to deem that special person in my life. I don't have time for someone to lead me on and then stomp on my heart." I was sure that those words came out harshly but I didn't give a damn. With that the audition was over with and they said I would receive a call one way or another. I shook each of their hands and then went it came to Edward, I felt the familiar zing I always felt with him. I shook it off and bid them a good day. I gathered my things and took the train home. I took a hot shower and cried myself to sleep that night. For the next few days I attended my yoga class, my karate class, and my voice classes. This voice coach wasn't like the one I had come to know as my family but she was decent. I came home after a grueling day working my part time job as a courier. The hours fit my schedule and the pay was good enough to keep everything paid for. I had been watching my cell phone but nothing from the Cullens as of yet. I put my things into wash and put one of the meals I had prepared in the oven to heat up. I took a long hot shower to loosen up my muscles. I hoped...I prayed that I would get this role. I would have to deal with Edward but I was stronger than I was before. I was a few years older and I knew if given the chance this would be a hit for them. I ate my dinner while listening to the radio. I had no time for television though I missed it. I heard my phone beep in my bag and went to go get it. I noticed that I had a voice message. "Miss Swan, this is Esme Cullen would you please call us back as soon as you get this message." I felt my heart jump into my throat as I dialed the number. "Cullen productions how can I help you?" "I need to speak with Esme Cullen thank you. Please tell her it is Miss Swan." I was surprised to hear music from their past shows instead of the normal elevator music most production companies used. "Miss Swan, I apologize for calling so late but it is important we get started immediately. We would like to offer you the lead role. Do you accept?" My inner child was break dancing while I tried to keep calm,"Yes, Mrs. Cullen I accept the role." "I am so happy to hear that. I think you are the perfect fit. We do things differently here so please meet us at 10am at the same place you auditioned at and we will go from there. Lunch and dinner will be provided. Please bring your dance clothes as we may