Disclaimer: I don't own anything, except the characters I made up, like Thalia, Sammy, Trevor, Gwen, etc., but even those are named after characters in the PJ or HoO series. All credits go to Rick Riordan for being such an awesome writer and thinking of Percy Jackson in the first place! This is my first fanfiction, so please review and tell me what you think. I was only four years old when almost my entire family moved to Manhattan, New York. We had previously been living in a small town in the Oakland Hills, but I don't remember too much about it. Some vague memories surface occasionally, like an elephant in black armor surrounded by teenagers with weapons marching by. I also remember watching a group of people in bed sheet-looking outfits walking by to this big building near my school. I suppose it had seemed pretty normal to me at the time, but now, as I look back on it, it doesn't make sense. What would an elephant be doing in such a small, overlooked, Californian town, where we don't even have a zoo, along with a bunch heavily armed kids? It wasn't like the town was a military base or anything. My parents called that place "New Rome." They had gone to college together there, gotten married in New York, and had three kids: my older brother Luke, me, and my younger brother Charlie. My mother worked as an architect and my dad as a marine biologist. When we moved, they had found new jobs in Manhattan. Mom works in the Empire State Building a lot, for some reason. We have a really big family, with lots of aunts and uncles and cousins. We're not all really related, but it just feels that way because we're all so close. Let's see, there's Aunt Piper and Uncle Jason Grace. Aunt Piper is a saleswoman. She's so successful persuading people to buy things, or anyone to do anything, really. Uncle Jason is a pilot for New York Airlines. He really enjoys the job, and it's almost like he can control the winds. They've got three kids: Reyna, Gwen, and Tristan. Reyna and Gwen are fraternal twins and my best friends. They're really into fashion and makeup. Reyna has chocolate brown hair and electric blue eyes, while Gwen has silky blonde hair with startling green eyes, like me. Tristan is a little annoying, but otherwise okay. He's twelve, three years younger than Reyna, Gwen, and I. The Graces live right across the street from us, so we see them the most often. Next is Uncle Frank and Hazel Zhang. We kids are actually supposed to call her Aunt Hazel, but she thinks the title makes her seem old, even though she's only thirty-seven. She has her own magic business. Her stage name is Hazellina, and she's especially popular among younger kids. I asked her how she does her tricks, but she never tells anyone anything. Uncle Frank is large and stocky and he keeps his hair in a military haircut, for some reason. He wasn't in the military in any way that I know of, but he seems to like it, so I don't say anything. He's handsome, in his own way, with broad shoulders and lots of muscles. I think he's written a few novels, but otherwise, I have no idea what he does for a living. The few times I've tried to ask, he just shut me out. They have four kids: Emily, Penny, Jonah, and Connor. Jonah is fourteen and Emily is seventeen, and they're both really into sports. Jonah plays basketball and Emily is really good at soccer. They both have cinnamon brown hair and light brown eyes with flecks of gold in them. They could almost be twins, except for the three year age difference. Connor is my age, and Gwen has a huge crush on him. He's tall and bulky, like Uncle Frank. He plays on the high school football team and I go with Gwen to watch his games sometimes. Penny is nine and Hazel's part-time assistant, but even she doesn't know most of the magician's secrets. On the stage, she prefers to go by her full name, Penelope. She thinks it sounds more professional. Next is Uncle Leo and Aunt Callie (short for Calypso) Valdez. They live a couple blocks over and own a place called Leo and Calypso's Garage: Auto Repair and Mechanical Monsters. The last part is a little bit of a joke. Uncle Leo named the place, and he's a real funny guy. He's got curly black hair and bit of a mischievous look in his eyes. Some would describe him as impish, especially his grin. Aunt Callie is really sweet and pretty. They're both in their early forties, but she looks only twenty-eight. She's fashionable without trying, beautiful without makeup, glamorous without effort, and basically the person every woman aspires to be. She's practically a goddess. They also have three kids: Esperanza, Elsa for short; Sammy, whose middle name, Arion, sounds like a horse name; and Trevor. I don't like Esperanza much; she's rude sometimes and just blurts stuff out without thinking about people's feelings. Then again, she's only eleven and she kind of idolizes me, so maybe she's not that bad. Sammy is seventeen, two years older than me, but we're still really close friends. He's like another older brother to me, except kinder and more thoughtful than Luke. Ironically, he's best friends with Luke. He and I ask and give each other advice all the time. Sammy has curly black hair like his father and dark dreamy eyes, like his mother. His skin color is rather pale, and there's a spray of freckles across his nose and cheeks. Trevor is sixteen, and he and Sammy hardly look anything alike. Trevor's hair is cinnamon-colored and he has an olive complexion. His eyes are also dark brown, but they're more like Uncle Leo's than Aunt Callie's. His have a rather sneaky and mischievous look to them, one that would cause teachers to immediately put him in the front row, and give him a stink eye when he hadn't even done anything yet. He also has a really great singing voice, which I found out when he had to do a solo after his partner ditched him in the third grade talent show. Trevor is like his father, joking a lot, but he can also be serious and sensitive sometimes. I'm sorry to say that I've had a not-so-little crush on him ever since Uncle Frank, Hazel, Uncle Jason, and Aunt Piper, and my parents, my brothers, and I moved from New Rome to New York. I've been told that my parents, Uncle Jason, Aunt Piper, Uncle Leo, Uncle Frank, and Hazel go way back, all the way to their teen years. Supposedly, they were all really close friends in high school. Most of them are ADHD and dyslexic, except for Uncle Frank, who wasn't dyslexic and won a ton of spelling awards when he was younger. Fortunately, I didn't inherit dyslexia from my parents, but I'm still ADHD. A bad thing about having a large family is that you have to get them all gifts for Christmas and their birthdays. I've been doing this since I was eight years old. Luckily, I save most of my money, unlike Charlie, who spends all his allowance and birthday money as soon as he gets it. He usually ends up having to get cheap gifts for everyone, like a small package of candy, or a pencil, or a fake felt mustache. I buy nicer presents, like jewelry or cosmetics for the women and older girls, and small sports equipment for the boys. On a brighter side, I get a lot of presents too. And birthday money. That's where I get most of the cash to pay for presents for people who give me cash. So the money was basically being recycled. I was really looking forward to the holidays this year. I thought it would be nice and quiet and we could all have some quality family time. I really had no idea just how wild it would get. Christmas was coming up in a few weeks, but I had already gotten presents for the family. Now all I had to worry about was surviving school until Winter Break. The teachers had really been loading the up homework on us, since it was the end of the semester. I'm usually a pretty good student, getting A's and B's most of the time, but lately, I've been slipping. My A average in English dropped to a B last week, while my B+ average in science dropped to a B-. I was working extra hard to bring my grades up, but I was afraid it wasn't going to be enough. Dad and Mom had told me that if my overall grades for my core classes were all B's and above by the end of the semester, I got along with my brothers, and I showed that I could be responsible enough, they would let me have my own room. I currently shared with Luke and Charlie, but we had an extra guest room that we hadn't used for years. My brothers are pigs and since their side of the room is so messy, and I'm OCD, I'm constantly picking up after them. I was looking forward to having my own place. After school on the day before Winter Break, we got our report cards in the mail. I left Luke's and Charlie's in the mailbox and hurriedly ripped mine open. I skimmed it quickly and breathed a sigh of relief. English B+ Math A Science B Social Studies A- Physical Education A Art A+ I had gotten all B's and A's, no C's. I had also been getting along pretty well with Luke and Charlie, and I did all my chores for the last few months. I personally felt that I deserved that room. When Mom and Dad came home that night, I showed them my report card. "Wow, you did very well, honey," Mom complimented, running a hand through her blonde hair to untangle it. Her stormy gray eyes sparkled with happiness. Dad peered over her over shoulder and smiled, showing perfect white teeth. His rather messy black hair needed to be cut, in my opinion, and his sea green eyes were bright and playful-looking. People often tell me I look a lot like him, and that's true. I have straight black hair, and green eyes. I'd rather be a blonde, like Mom. Gwen is blonde and she looks way better with green eyes than I ever would. "Yes, very good," he agreed. "And I've noticed that you've been getting along better with your brothers and finished all your chores lately." His smile widened. "I think someone is going to get their own room." "Yes!" I squealed excitedly, dropping the report card. I jumped up and down and gave Dad a big hug. "Thank you, thank you, thank you so much!" After dinner, I got to work moving all my stuff into the guest room. There was already a bed, but I liked mine better, so Dad and Luke helped me switch them. What the boys were going to do with the other bed, I had no idea. The new room pretty big and the walls were painted light blue. Besides the bed, there was a closet and a private bathroom with a sink, tub, toilet, and cabinet. I moved my bed around for a while before I finally found a good spot for it. One wall, I dedicated completely to pictures and posters. Some of photos showed Reyna, Gwen, and I, a few with Sammy, and lots of family pics. I hung up a large mirror, too, even though there was already one in the bathroom It was past midnight by the time I finally finished moving stuff into and organizing my