Do not read this if you don't like OCxcanon pairings or their offspring, cute fluffy stories that are a little cheesy, or Lord of the Rings fanficions in general! Disclaimer! I do not own The Lord of the Rings or any characters belonging to it. (No duh) Enjoy! Old Tales By Wind Baggins Frodo stretched his legs out in front of him, pulling his arms back behind his head and breathing the crisp, fall-time air deeply as he sat upon the bench outside of Bag End. It was a beautiful day, he mused. A few clouds drifted lazily across the azure sky while all around him autumn had set into the Shire. Fields stretched out golden as far as the eye could see, orchards were laden with apples, and the leaves of the trees shone in an array of reds, yellows, and browns. Yes, autumn had embraced the land indeed. Although Frodo truly felt at his best this time of year, he was also at his worst. For today was October the fifth, and tomorrow… tomorrow was that day, that terrible day where once again Frodo would have to fight for his very life and suffer through the resurrected pain of a deadly wound dealt long ago. Every year it would come, and every year Frodo dreaded it. Yet today it was not so. Today Frodo felt as well as he ever had, sitting outside in the place he loved and grew up in. He smiled as he looked across the lawn where only a short distance away a young hobbit child brandished a small stick he had found in the grass, wielding it as if fending off many foes and speaking aloud to his self in true child-fashion. This boy was fair of skin and slight in frame, dark unruly curls tangled upon his head and hung into his eyes which were a mixture of blue and green, reflecting both the sky and Earth. At only four years old (he would be turning five next month, something he was very excited for) he held his head high and spoke clearly. This child, Toby Baggins, was Frodo's son. Frodo watched him, feeling as though he was gazing through the thick fog of time upon his self as he had played similar games of pretend as a child. Toby greatly resembled his father, although as the lad turned his face toward him Frodo could plainly see features of his mother, Wind; his eyes especially were that of hers. Frodo loved him dearly. Although he was inexperienced as a father, and had not known his own for very long, he loved the boy and tried to do what was best by him. "Hey, Toby." Frodo called to him. "What are you battling today?" Toby turned towards his father, his eyes wide. "I'm fighting goblins!" He said, puffing out his chest proudly. "Goblins, huh?" Frodo replied, leaning forward and raising his eyebrows to demonstrate his interest. Toby suddenly brandished his stick before him, his teal eyes becoming even wider than before. "And there's a troll !" He gasped. Frodo understood immediately and stood up with a laugh, trying to make his self appear big and menacing. "You'd better watch out." He said with a playful sparkle in his brilliant blue eyes. "I think this troll his hungry for little hobbits!" With that Toby dropped the stick and let out a yell that quickly turned into a giggle as he turned and ran away, Frodo giving chase. "No, you big, mean troll! I won't let you eat me!" He said, suddenly turning and launching his little body forward in attack. "Oh no!" Frodo cried out in mock fear, allowing his self to be tackled to the ground. "Oh, you've done it now! I'm gonna eat you all up!" He laughed, rolling Toby onto his back and tickling his belly mercilessly. "Never!" Toby cried followed by a stream of shrieking giggles. He then twisted his self beneath Frodo's hands and slipped out from under him, rising up in his only defense. "I've got you, you troll!" He giggled, throwing all of his weight forward with his arms stretched out before him, intending to pin the "troll" to the ground and have victory. Frodo and Toby had played this way many times before and Frodo was always careful to ensure that Toby did not get hurt no matter how rough they got. Toby was so young and light on his part that it was virtually impossible for him to hurt Frodo in his turn. This time however his tiny hands found a weak spot, Toby's right hand pressing roughly against the most tender area of Frodo's left shoulder; the unhealed scar from that fateful night on Weathertop all those years ago. Frodo let out a pained cry as he felt the pressure against the wound. It may only have been that it was too close to the anniversary of his wounding, but what was merely a scrawny four-year-old jumping upon him suddenly felt to Frodo as if a blade had been slashed deep within his shoulder. "Dad?" Toby said questioningly upon hearing Frodo's yell, gazing down upon him worriedly as he lay back against the lawn. But Frodo did not see the concerned child, nor the bright fall day before him, his world had turned grey and dark. Above him a figure rose up, taller and taller, his ghostly raiment flapping around him in the chill wind while his dark, empty eyes bored into Frodo and pierced his very soul with malice. He began to reach for him. Reach for the Ring. Frodo's heart was pounding wildly with fear. No! No! Not again! "Get away from me! Don't hurt me again!" Frodo screamed, reaching out with his right hand to push the hideous nightmare away while scrambling desperately to his feet, reaching at his side for where he would keep his sword. Panting, his heart still racing he blinked a few times to try and get his eyes to focus. The dark landscape melted away to reveal the Shire's peaceful countryside, while the terrible wraith shrunk down until Frodo realized with a sudden, sickening jolt that he was looking down upon his son who was gazing back at him with scared, tearful eyes. His sword was not at his side but was mounted above the fireplace within his study. If it had not been… "Daddy?" Toby squeaked out. "No…" Frodo said faintly, turning and quickly walking away until he hopped a fence and disappeared into the nearby field. Toby stood outside where he had been left, his lower lip quivering. He swallowed hard, trying to hold back tears and finding that he was shaking all over. He had never seen his father look at him like that, or been shoved back like that. It hadn't hurt him, but it had scared him badly. "Toby?" The voice of his mother called out as she opened the front door, looking at Toby with worriment plain on her face. Toby let out a chocked cry of "mama!" before rushing up the steps to Wind and burying his face against her waist, finally allowing the tears to spill down his face in a rush. Wind felt both shock and surprise at Toby's reaction, wrapping her arms about him and rubbing his back in an attempt to soothe him while he continued to stain her dress with tears. Wind was confused, she had heard Frodo's cry and had immediately rushed to see what could be wrong, but she could not see her husband anywhere in sight. "Toby, what's the matter?" Wind asked, keeping her voice soft and trying to hide the fear she felt. "Daddy hates me!" Toby threw back his head and cried. The statement practically stunned Wind. "Your father doesn't hate you." "He does too!" Toby cried again. He blinked up at Wind, tears still leaking down his face. He gulped back a sob. "W-we were just playing. And I h-hurt him. He yelled at me, and now he hates me and it's all my f-fault!" Toby explained in-between sobs. Wind let out a sigh and closed her eyes. She still wasn't quite clear about what had happened, but she knew that Frodo would sometimes begin to act strangely just before the sixth. It seemed to be happening early this year, but that was no reason for him to scare Toby so badly. She leaned down until she was level with her son, placing her hands on his shoulders and looking into his eyes. "Toby, I promise your father doesn't hate you." She said. "You promise?" Toby whimpered. "I do. You see, your father is, well… lets just say he's a bit fragile." "Fragile?" "Yes. He's strong, but he's not as young or quite as tough as you. We have to be a little careful when we play with him." "Oh." "But he still loves you, I promise you that." Toby spared Wind a shaky smile, the tears still glistening in his eyes and ready to pour down his face at any given moment. "Oh, Toby." Wind sighed, wrapping her arms about him in an embrace. "I'll find him and have a word with him." She said. Wind then looked up and saw Sam heading up the path with his young daughter Eleanor walking beside him and holding his hand. "Hey look, Sam is here, and Eleanor is with him." Wind said, tapping Toby on the shoulder. Toby turned, wiping his eyes on his sleeve and sniffling. At least twice a year for as long as he could remember he had been sent with Sam to spend the night and the following day at his hole. He was friends with Eleanor although she was a year younger than him, and he liked Sam; Sam would always tell him the most wonderful stories, stories unlike his dad ever told him. "Hey there, Toby!" Sam greeted him cheerfully. He looked from Toby to Wind, noting the concerned expression Wind wore and the tear stains upon Toby's face. Sam frowned. "Mrs. Wind, is everything all right?" He asked. Wind nodded jerkily. "Toby, why don't you go inside and go get your things ready." Wind addressed the lad. Toby gave her a sad look. "All right." He said, beginning to head inside with a slump in his shoulders. "Eleanor, can you go help him?" Sam said to his daughter. She nodded enthusiastically, her blond curls bouncing around her face. "Okay!" She said, hurrying after Toby into Bag End. "So what's the matter? Where's Mr. Frodo?" Sam asked once the children had gone. Wind let out another deep sigh. "I'm not sure. From the sound of it he and Toby got playing a little too rough and Frodo may be hurt." Wind explained what she had gathered from Toby's story. Sam's brows knitted together. "He got hurt playing with a four-year-old?" He asked incredulously. Wind gave him a meaningful look and Sam clapped a hand to his forehead. "That's right! That's what I'm here for, after all." He said. He gave Wind a sympathetic look. "Sounds like it's startin early then." He said quietly. Wind's eyes narrowed. "I'm still not entirely sure what has happened, but whatever it was Frodo sure gave Toby a fright." Wind said. "I'd better go find him." "Yes, I'll watch the kids." Sam said. Wind nodded and gave Sam a grateful smile. "Wind." Sam called as Wind began to round the side of Bag End. "Good luck with him." He said. He knew that Frodo still suffered because of what he had endured during the War of the Ring, and Sam knew how hard Frodo tried to hide it and be a good husband and father. He only hoped that his dearest friend was all right. It didn't take too long for Wind to find Frodo; he had walked through the field behind Bag End and had stopped once he had reached the woods. Wind spotted him standing with