"Where is that insolent boy?" Lord Zeus bellowed as he looked around for The Hero of Olympus. Lord Poseidon, father to the hero, grimaced at the mention of his so-called son. The Gods and campers that were present in the meeting grumbled about how how much they hated him. All but Lady Hestia, Lady Artemis and her hunters, Camp Jupiter, and Lord Apollo who were glancing around. They were confused as to why everyone was being hateful towards the savoir of Olympus. The Goddess of The Hunt was about to ask, when Zeus interrupted. "I shall bring that brat here myself, seeing as he can't be bothered to turn up to a meeting when he is summoned," The Lord of The Skies grumbles, "First he bullies my son, and now he has the audacity to ignore the Gods!" He spat out spitefully. Bully? Artemis thought, That doesn't sound like Percy at all, he would never do anything like that. He hates bullying becayse that's what his step-father used to do. There was a golden flash as Percy was teleported into the Throne Room. He was laying on his side, facing away from everyone present. "Get up and bow, Perseus Jackson!" Zeus howled, but Percy remained unmoving. Lord Ares got up muttering, "Punk." and kicked the boy over onto his back. Everyone let out a horrified gasp, Percy looked terrible; his skin was ashen and as pale as Hades'. He had dark circles beneath his closed eyes. However, what shocked everyone was the huge broken spear impaled in his stomach, blood dripping from the wound. The God of War stumbled back, falling into the his throne. Thalia was the first to react, screaming, "No! Percy!" She fell to her knees as she let out a sob. "Apollo!" Artemis screeched, hovering over Percy, as she was the first of the Gods to get over the horror and shock. Apollo ran over to his little cousin, Thalia tried but she was ordered to stay back by her mistress. Hestia moved over as well, hoping to help Apollo in healing the young hero. Lady Artemis recoiled slightly as she knelt in Percy's blood. Apollo pulled the spear head out of Percy, his hand hovering above Percy's stomach wound. He was muttering quietly before his face suddenly scrunched up in confusion. "He's alive," Apollo spoke with a rage building up in his chest, "But this happened over an hour ago. Why was Percy attacked on his own?" He looked towards Camp Half-Blood. He couldn't stand people getting injured, especially those he cared about. The campers looked down guiltily, but so did Lord Poseidon and most of the Gods. The Apollo noticed something on Percy's arm as he looked down at his patient. "What the Hades is this?!" Apollo shouted, Hades looked a bit miffed at Apollo's choice of words. However when The Lord of The Sun held up the hero's limb forearm, the miffed look disappeared. On the inside of Percy's forearm, was MURDERER carved deeply into his skin. No one said anything, just staring at the words with wide, horrified eyes. Artemis let out a growl, "Well?" Not one spoke up, "Fine. Then I shall find out myself." The Goddess turned to a fountain and shouted into the mist, "Iris! Show how this happened!" Iris appeared in the mist and smiled sadly, "I think it's best if I show you everything. An image appeared in replace of Iris, the colours swirled together. It showed Percy laughing with Nico and Annabeth, the familiar shine gleaning in his eyes. Percy looked up at the sky, and sighed out loudly. "I guess we better head back before the Harpies eat us." Percy smirked, Annabeth and Nico bursting out laughing. The three reluctantly got to their feet, and began to walk back to their cabins. Annabeth was about to walk into the Athena Cabin before Percy's arm wrapped around her waist and spun her around gently. His lips went to her ear and whispered, "Don't I get a goodnight kiss, Wise Girl?" His tone held a layer of affection. Annabeth let out a girlish giggle, "Of course you do, Seaweed Brain." Percy smiled and brought her down into a deep dip. He kissed her lips, they were in that position about half a minute, lost in their own world. Nico cleared his throat loudly. Annabeth and Percy blushed as they realised the son of Hades hadn't gone to his own cabin. The daughter of Athena quickly rushed off in embarrassment, and Nico followed swiftly into his own cabin. Percy chuckled, the familiar spark running across his lips after a kiss from Annabeth, and began towards the Poseidon Cabin when he heard a shrill, girly scream coming from the border. The smile immediately slid off his face, a look of seriousness appeared as he uncapped Anaklusmos and ran into the dark forest. The hero ran for a while before he came across a large boy cowering away from two relatively small hellhounds, his chubby hand gripping a small celestial bronze dagger. Percy made quick work of the hounds from Hell, slashing through the first, where it exploded into a golden shower, and stabbing the second in the chest, where it quickly followed the first's example. The boy got to his feet, his hands shaking, just before Chiron and half the camp ran into the forest, suited in armour and looking like they were expecting some sort of an attack. Percy opened his mouth to say something but the boy cut him off. "I killed those monsters while that guy just stood and watched." The fat kid announced. Percy's eyes widened, "Wait what? You killed them? I seem to remember that you were hiding behind a tree while I sent those hounds back to Tartarus." He exclaimed. Chiron shook his head in disappointment, "I'm disappointed in you, Perseus. You should know better than not to help a new camper, and to take their credit as well!" Everyone around him nodded their head and glared accusingly at Percy, who just stood there staring at them in disbelief. It was as if they forgot he saved them twice. Forgot just who Perseus Theseus Jackson is. Everyone filed away back to their cabins, leaving Percy dejected. The fat kid gave him a smug smirk and shove, before waddling after the rest of Camp Half-Blood. The Iris message skipped to the next morning. Everyone watching had tears trailing down their cheeks as they continued watching. Percy was sat at his table, eating his breakfast and trying to ignore the disgusted stares of the campers. What was weird, however, was that emClarisse /emwas looking at him with sympathy in her brown eyes. The son of Poseidon glanced over to the Hermes cabin, where all unclaimed demigods go, where the fat kid, who Percy still didn't have the name too, was loudly retelling his version of the hellhound attack. He rolled his eyes and carried on with his meal. Suddenly a thudding sound echoed around his ears, and Percy believed it to be the Giants rising once again, but it just turned out to be the boy stomping over to him. "Aren't you going to thank me then?" The fat pig, the author meant the boy, demanded. "Excuse me?" Percy said dangerously calm, whilst giving him his best wolf stare. It worked as the idiot flinched, and the hero internally grinned. Sadly the boy regained his posture and brought out his pig poker of a knife and waved it in front of Percy's face. "I killed those hellhounds and saved your worthless life. So you should get on your knees, and thank me." The fat ass pig announced and everyone, except for Clarisse, nodded. Percy's sea-green eyes flashed with betrayal, losing their shine. The bot boy held his knife towards Percy, but was disappointed when he didn't flinch. Instead Percy brought out Ripide in pen form. Suddenly he heard a seal being strangled, then realised it was just Fat Ass' laugh. "What are you going to do, write on me?" Fat Ass snorted, but Percy just smirked and uncapped the pen. Riptide burst out, the celestial bronze shining in the sunlight. Fat Ass jumped back in fright, and eyed it warily. Now it was sea-green eyed boy to laugh. The fat boy was about to say something when the Big Three appeared in dining pavilion. Zeus and Poseidon looked in rage when they spotted the Noobie and The Hero of Olympus standing together, and threatening each other with weapons. "You dare threaten my son with a sword, when he has nothing but a knife?!" Zeus boomed, lightening streaking across the skies. "Lord Zeus, I was only standing my ground. He was the one to bring his kn-wait, did you say son?" Percy asked astounded. This fat ass was nothing like Thalia or Jason. Zeus stated clearly, "Yes, my son, Noah Hernandez." Poseidon glared at his son, quiet fury in his eyes, "Perseus Theseus Jackson," Percy flinched when his father said his full name, "As of your actions today, something that has truly disgusted me. I disown you as my son." Thundered sounded around Camp Half-Blood, and it started to rain heavily. Percy stared at his former father in horror, unable to believe what had just happened. The other campers snickered as the boy turned and fled to his cabin where he sat on his bed and sobbed quietly into his hands. Over the nest few days, the campers gradually began to blame all of their problems on Percy. Wherever he went, demigods would trip him up and call abuse. It started out small, like blaming him for the plants dying in the Demeter Cabin, but slowly everyone started to blame him for the two wars. They would throw whatever they could find when he was passing. Then one day, when the young hero was collecting firewood for the campfire, a group of Ares and Hephaestus kids grabbed him and pinned him against a tree. His back roughly shoved against the bark of the tree. He struggled for a bit before stopping when Noah sauntered forward with a bronze knife that glinted viciously in the dim moonlight. He smirked evilly. "We're going to make you pay." With that statement, he swiped the knife across Percy' stomach and chest several times, leaving numerous deep gashes. Blood flowed down his top and within it was soaked. Not once did Percy let out a sound. He tried to squirm out of the grip that one of the Hephaestus kids's had, but working in a forge all their lives makes them unbelievably strong. Noah glanced at Percy's arm and grinned horribly, his crocked, yellow teeth making his smile even worse. "I know what I'll do. I'll make sure everyone knows exactly what you are." Then he began to carve MURDERER into Percy's forearm. Just as he finished the last R , a couch horn sounded from the distance. Noah looked at the broken hero triumphantly, and walked off with his gang, but not before saying, "Don't think this is over, Punk. It's only the beginning." Percy slid down the base of the tree, dizzy from the blood loss. he stared sadly at his arm and closed his eyes. When he opened them, it was clearly obvious he was trying hard not to cry. Betrayal, hurt, depression were a few of the many emotions swirling around in his sea-green eyes. It seemed they had completely lost their light. Percy got up and stumbled back to his cabin, much to the amusement of the onlookers. He collapsed on the floor, his wounds and grief dragging him into the darkness. As he slept, the fountain that his father had given him suddenly cracked and burst apart. Water flowed over Percy, healing his wounds, but the word MURDERER remained as an ugly, white scar on his tanned skin. When he awoke the next morning, he saw the destroyed fountain and stared at it in shock.