A/N:(PLEASE READ THE A/N BELOW, TOO) Happy Halloween everyone! This is a little gift to you guys. And also this is a gift to the two people who are always there to support me namely KaylsDaughterofHades and iluvbooks. Check 'em out! Their stories are fantabulous! So lets get to the story. Oh my gosh it's the longest I have by far. 5, 900 plus words in one page! OMG. I worked two consecutive days for it and I literally have bags under my eyes because I worked on this until midnight. But I enjoyed writing it! So I hope you guys enjoy, too. Disclaimer: Really, if I were Rick I would give Percy and/or Annabeth POVs in the last book. So they have no POV there therefore I am not Rick Riordan and the PJO or HoO series do not belong to me. Only the OC and the plot of this fanfiction, I guess. Trick or Treat? "Dinner's ready, Annabeth!" her mom's voice rang out. Annabeth quickly pulled the earphones out from her ears and clicked the close button of the media player. She slipped out of bed and went downstairs fast, then headed to the dining room where a man with small round glasses and goatee – her dad – was, busy writing on a stack of papers that piled up on the table. As soon as Annabeth sat down, her mom, a woman with long blonde hair and gray eyes which she'd inherited, popped out from the kitchen, holding a plate of roast beef and a bowl of salad. Several dishes were also present on the table, and the delicious smell that they filled the place with made Annabeth's stomach growl. "Stop that this instant, Fredrick Chase," her mom snapped, causing her dad to immediately put all his papers away. Annabeth sighed inwardly. Her mom was really the father in this house. "Athena, I'd have to do them all by tomo-'' "Shut it," Athena hissed. The sharp glare she gave her husband made him stop talking in an instant. Meanwhile Annabeth was quiet, trying not to get in the way of a budding storm…and, of course, trying to stay unsighted by her mother's eyes. That, unfortunately, only made her more suspicious. "So Annabeth," her mom started talking, causing her to flinch. She slowly looked up to see that her mom was raising a brow. "Should I be concerned that you're chatting with this Luke-boy again?" "Um, it's more like Skype-ing," she said. And as soon as the words left her mouth, she regretted it. Dang, she thought. One face-palm for stupidity, Miss Annabeth Chase. "And that makes it a whole lot better," her mom said as she finally sat down. Her dad stared at her with narrowed eyes. "You're with this boy again?" he asked. Annabeth couldn't fathom if he was mad, or confused, or just plain concerned for her. She decided not to ask. "He wants us to be friends again , Dad," she made an exasperated noise. "That shouldn't be bad…" Annabeth trailed off, glancing at her mother who was shaking her head disapprovingly. "Well, if you consider the fact that he'd asked you out to be friends again with him after he'd hurt you a million times then it should be bad," her mom gazed her sternly. It was always that 'librarian-like' stern look that made Annabeth cower. "You're smart, child. Don't let some jerk fool you." "Okay…" she replied in a small voice. Although she respected her parents and trusted their advice, Luke had been a big part of her life. They met when they were seven, along with a girl Annabeth considered her best friend in the world, Thalia Grace. And when Luke cheated on Annabeth (who, by the way, had become his girlfriend at the age of 16), she wouldn't take it. And when he had asked her to try to work out their relationship, she had agreed. And then when a series of that cheat-and-then-friends-again happened, Annabeth knew it was stupid to still love Luke but hey, there she was "Skype-ing" him again. But she was smart enough not to try on a relationship with him again. Dinner had momentarily stopped when the doorbell sounded. Annabeth glanced at the clock on the wall and saw it was six o'clock in the evening. Her dad frowned. "Who could that be?" "Probably some kids. I'll get it," Annabeth stood up and headed to the door. She grabbed a handful of sweets from the glass bowl and then turned the knob, and swung the door open. She scrambled back in surprise. "Holy Zeus, what are you – '' Her breath hitched. Standing before her, on the very entrance, was a girl about nine, who was wearing a cute-but-at-the-same-time-freaky Halloween costume. Together with the girl was a boy on a freaking Dracula costume – with that black-outside-red-inside cape and fangs. He looked like Annabeth's age. His sea-green eyes and messy black hair that matched the little girl's features told Annabeth that they were siblings. "Um, trick or treat?" the guy said, as if he wasn't sure whether to be jolly or scary or whatever. Well it was cute. "Brother and sister bonding on a Halloween night, huh?" she remarked, smiling, as she handed over the sweets to the little girl. The teen rubbed the back of his neck uncertainly. "I can't let her go alone…" he said. "Wow, that's sweet. What's your name?" "His name's Percy! Percy Jackson!" the little girl exclaimed joyfully, punching the arm of her brother playfully. "I'm Emily. Nice to meet you!" "Likewise, Emily, I'm Annabeth," "I know! Percy's been telling me all about – '' Percy clamped his hand over Emily's mouth. The girl's protests died down when Percy glared at her. "Sorry," he turned to Annabeth after a while. "She loves to use her mouth, that's all." "No prob," she said, her lips quirking upwards in a smile. Gods, was she hallucinating or did this guy look terribly familiar? Her eyes landed on Emily. The cutie was rolling her eyes at her brother. "Annabeth, who's that at the door?" her mom called out. "Annabeth, if that's Luke at the door I swear I'm gonna ban you from – '' Athena suddenly appeared behind her. She stopped when she caught sight of the siblings. "Percy?" Percy waved his hand. "Good evening, Mrs. Chase," he greeted politely. Emily cheerfully waved and greeted, too. "Why hello, little Emi," Annabeth's mom said. "Hold up, you know them, Mom?" Annabeth asked, jerking her thumb towards the two. Athena nodded, then turned back to Percy and Emily again. "Why don't you join us for dinner? There's a lot of food and I have a feeling we couldn't finish them," Percy shook his head. "No, no, don't bother, Mrs. Chase, our Mom would be – '' "Ah, you're not bothering us. And don't you worry, I'm going to call Sally and tell her you're joining us for dinner." Annabeth's mom said with finality. "Come on in. Annabeth, guide them, I'll be bringing out the plates." "Okay…" she said slowly. Her mom then disappeared from sight. After the siblings had come in, she closed the door behind her and invited the two to the dining hall. Emily was hopping cheerily on the way while Percy examined the house. His sea-green eyes landed on the wall to the right of the staircase, where a few photos were hanging. Annabeth thought she saw him smile, but well, maybe it was just her imagination acting up, because in a flash, the guy was back to bickering with his little sister. "Why hello, Percy. Hi, Emily," her dad smiled. Percy returned it. "Good evening, Mr. Chase," "Good evening, Mr. Chase," Emily also said. "So I see you all know each other?" Annabeth said when everyone had taken their seats. Her dad was at the end of the table, her mom, Percy, and Emily across of her. "Well I'm surprised you don't," her mom said. "Percy and Emily are the children of a friend of mine, Sally. We're high school buddies, if that's the word." Annabeth rolled her eyes good-naturedly. Her mother wasn't that old but her vocabulary was as old as the lady back in the 1800s. "I see you have your own Halloween costume, Percy," her dad teased. Percy's cheeks turned pink. He took off the fangs and the cape. Emily slapped his hand. "That's supposed to make you look cute!" she pouted. "Stop that, Emi," Percy whispered-yelled. "You're not in our house." "Whatever," Emily rolled her eyes. And Annabeth couldn't help but grin. She wished she had an older brother like Percy. Luke could have been her older brother but he ruined her trust. "So, Mom, Dad, I know you know these guys now, but let me get to know them, too." "Go ahead, honey," her dad gave a nod. "So, Percy, tell me about you," Percy paled. "There isn't much to tell. I'm just me." "I don't accept that. You can't be just…you," Annabeth pressed. "My brother is just too shy to talk to – '' Once again, Emily was interrupted by Percy's glare. She raised her hands up defensively and started eating the beef on her plate. Suddenly, the conversation just shifted to her mom's high school days with Percy's mom, then magically shifted to desserts, and then to Annabeth. How the hell they managed to keep a smooth conversation with all those shifting, Annabeth didn't know. "Annabeth is a Straight A student?" Emily asked, her big green eyes shining. Annabeth noticed how pretty those eyes were. They were as deep green as the sea, and full of joy. Percy's were, on the other hand, full of mystery. But they were pretty nonetheless... And truly, truly familiar. "And the captain of the debate team," Her father added proudly. "I'm really proud that the girl who used to scream and hate tiny spiders is now a tough debater," "Dad!" Annabeth groaned. "You could have just left out the spider part," "I'm sorry, honey, I'm just really proud," But he didn't sound apologetic. Annabeth rolled her eyes and stood, a look of irritation evident on her face. "I'm making us hot chocolate," she said. "Percy would love to help!" Emily declared. She nudged Percy while Annabeth merely smiled. "I would love some help," she agreed. Emily let out a squeal that Annabeth found amusing. Meanwhile Percy's cheeks turned bright red, and she couldn't help but think he knew her. And maybe he did. If that was the case then she had to know him, too. "Oh that's great," her mom said. "You teenagers bond. Emily, come, I'm going to give you a cupcake." "Thank you!" Emily said cheerily, then looked at Percy knowingly. "Come," Annabeth said as she pulled the guy to the kitchen. xox "So, uh, should I be asking why there are lots of ingredients on the table or am I just missing out on the trends?" Percy asked when they got to the kitchen. Annabeth snorted. "This is signature Chase-style hot chocolate. So count yourself lucky that you get to taste." Percy gave her a look. "Yeah, no, you're not missing out on the trends either," she said quickly. "Um, I don't know why Emily had me to help you…well, it's not like I don't want to, it's just that…" "Oh, don't tell me you only know how to make hot chocolate with the instant mix?" she teased. To be honest, this guy was comfortable to be with. She felt like she didn't need to watch every word she was saying. "Actually, I only know the mixing part," Percy admitted. Annabeth hit him playfully. "No, no really. I'm serious, Ms. Chase." "Then learn from the resident expert, okay?" Her back was turned to him as she carefully laid out all the ingredients on the table. "I might learn something from you, but Mom wouldn't allow me and Emily to even go near the ingredients. She only