Prologue A supernova is a thing of beauty. A cataclysmic event that changes everything. From such violence so many things can be reborn, and so many others thrown on the wayside. The simple logistics of it are enough to make a mind rethink the very workings of the universe. It fuels its own destruction, it's own change of form. The energy it exudes is just a fraction of what it built within, what will eventual turn it to universal dust. A supernova is a beautiful thing, but like all beautiful things it comes with great consequence and the knowledge that once it has happened, nothing will ever exist the way it once had. I knew this for fact... 13th June 2047 One hundred and Thirty-seven years since this place became what it is now—a place for flowers, sunshine, and a vampire's regrets. So many visits, so many moments of planting flowers, pretty purple flowers. And yet my human feet only touched upon this ground ninety-five years ago. My little human feet, led by a dead man's hand to stand in this pool of sunshine and natural wonder that my own rage had created fifty two years before. A twisted story to say the least, but how else could it ever have been? Twists were what I was made of, twisted emotions, twisted morals, distorted past, and a future too bent out of shape to predict. Funny how immortality can change so much and yet so little at the same time. I opened my palm, ignoring how my skin glittered and focussing purely on the petite seed at the centre of my hand. Knautia arvensis , one pretty little flower to signify another passing year since I made this place of reverence, this place for my parents' souls to rest—the souls I'd extinguished when I was first changed. The firsts of too many. I bent in front of the large oak, poking my finger in the soil to create a shallow place to lay the seed to rest, just as I had dug my own parents' graves with my hands. This flower would grow just as all the others had. It would grow and bloom and spread its offspring around it to make this place even more beautiful than it was before. At least that was a positive. I filled the hole in, and as I crouched there I brought my locket to my lips and kissed the two delicate rings that dangled from the chain. "I'll never forget," I murmured before rising from the partial shade. This was tradition, a constant that kept my life from becoming one endless passing of time. It marked my aging and in turn it formed a year by year memory book in my mind. The beginning years were full to the brim of discoveries, struggles, angst, but then everything changed, to some degree. It all started to fall into place when I found him. My phone buzzed at my side so I slid it from my jeans pocket, smiling at the name before accepting the call. "Aslo, I was wondering when you would call." "Am I that predictable, Kvetina ?" he chuckled down the phone, his native tongue rolling around his pet name for me. "No, not predictable, although 118 years together does give a girl somewhat of an insight." There was a pause as I ran my hand across the cross one last time. "I miss you, Aslo." The longing was clear in my voice, even I knew that, but he was just another person close to me that I'd lost, if only temporarily. "I miss you too, Sarelle, but I need to do this, you know that." Of course I did. It was the hardest decision we'd had to make, to separate our union, but it was for the greater good. After what happened there was no other way. It was either separate and hope we both stayed strong or stay together and drag each other down. "Yes, I do. It's just hard, that's all, being away from you. I'm so used to...to you being with me." "Give me time, Kvetina , we'll be together again soon, when I'm a strong enough to stand by your side." I sighed at his words. He was always berating himself, comparing himself when there was no need. He was strong, his only weakness was that he didn't believe it. "It's been five years, Aslo. Five years of just phone calls, emails, letters. I want to see you, have you by my side, talk to you and actually see your face, you know." "I know, Sarelle, more than anything. But you have the others, don't you? You haven't left, have you?" "No. No, I'm still at Yellowstone, I don't think I could bring myself to leave them. I can't wait for you to meet them, Aslo." "Soon, Sarelle. Soon," he said before the line went dead. His voice had sounded so worried but then again he always did look out for me. Strange considering it was me who did the saving the first time around. That deadly night when I jumped involuntarily yet again and found myself at the battle ground of Aslo and James' quarrel. It was all just a rush after that arrival. James lunged, Aslo dodged, and somewhere after that point he was in my arms and we were somewhere new. Away from danger, away from the asylum, away from James, safe. Except we were away from Alice also, and that fact tore Aslo to shreds, then he nearly tore me to shreds. As I began my run home I let my mind wander back to that life altering event. 12th September 1919. A forest near Ashland. That rush, that all familiar rush that overthrew my senses every time, it was leaving me once again. Leaving me with another hairline hazel fracture across the otherwise fluid appearance of my golden eyes. It was just another crack to add to the others I'd gained from each jump, the electricity leaving its mark on me in the only place it could. Each fracture formed a small segment of my original eye colour, like a mirror falling from its base and revealing the wood beneath. I'd received a few of these cracks, random jumps when my emotions of anger or fear overtook me, charged me, and sent me elsewhere. This time is had been fear. The fear of losing him, of watching it happen. He was the last person from my past that I knew I could see without longing for more. Aslo wasn't family, he wasn't a lover or a brother. He was uncomplicated. I couldn't bare the sight of watching him die. At least now I wouldn't have to. I was gone again and I would never see him again. The frantic hugging movement to push him out the way of James was now to be a precious memory, Lord knows I was carrying so many. A groan sounded from beside me and I leapt up in an instant, my eyes flashing to search what had managed to get so close without triggering my senses. I stood shocked and still as I looked upon Aslo's form laying haphazardly in the grass. His hair was windswept and his clothes were torn and skewed but other than that he looked perfectly whole. Perfectly real. "Well...that's never happened before," I whispered incredulously, happiness rising up my throat and spreading to my muscles to create a wide smile. Aslo's eyes popped open, black and frantic. "What?" he gasped as he sprang into a crouch. It took a minute for him to register my appearance, to truly see me for what I was in front of him. I saw his eyes scan our surroundings as he straightened slightly, a million questions whirring through his gaze. "I can't usually bring people with me." My voice was still amazed. This was something extraordinary. I wasn't alone, for the first time in twenty years. "Where...where are we?" "I don't know." I took a step forward, half catching myself from springing at him and wrapping him in my arms. He was here and that meant I would never have to be alone again. I wouldn't have to learn this life without aid. It could be like it used to be, Aslo and me, mentor and student. "No!" he went to run for me but instead turned and smashed the nearest tree through with his fist. "You made me leave her!" he roared as he turned towards me. "Who?" I asked stunned by his fury. I'd saved his life, James was going to kill him. Then realisation hit. "Mary? Do you mean I made you leave Mary?" I took a cautious step towards him even though his posture and expression screamed for me to run. "She's changing. Right now she's changing and that bastard will kill her! Why did you take me? Why?" He pounced on me as his face grew from anger to rage and finally pure desperation. The way his hands curled around my neck was deadly but I knew this wasn't the end. It couldn't be. I was to be victorious not die at the hands of a tortured friend. "I didn't do it on purpose. I saved your life!" I spat as I twisted us so I was the one pinning him to the forest floor. I was angry now too. It was a bad habit of being a newly turned vampire. Twenty years wasn't enough to tame the inner rage that tempted me to play with it at every turn. Perhaps it was the violence of my change, or perhaps it was the innate monster, but either way anger had been both a friend and foe these past two decades. I growled before I leapt from him, leaving him stunned for a while before he curled up into a tight ball. "What kind of life is it if I can't be with her?" Aslo asked as his claw-like hands held his hair tightly. "You were never meant for her," I whispered in the hope it might break his torment. Meanwhile I turned to look out into the forest that surrounded us. It was familiar but then most forests seemed the same to me now. "I was never..?But...I loved her." "As if that means a thing," I drawled before turning back to see his eyes searching mine. He looked so broken, so lost. I guess we were lost. We didn't know where we were, just some forest in the middle of somewhere, no home to direct ourselves to. "Aslo, I know her. She's my best friend. I've known her in the 50's, the 40's, I've even known her in the millennium. This was all meant to happen." "She's alive," Aslo said with awe and relief. "Yes, and happy. She said she woke up alone, this is why. I stopped you from being there when she woke up. James lied to her. He lied to them all. He never killed you." I smiled as all the pieces came together. To think I had lived my last few human days believing Aslo was dead and gone, when instead it was all just based on a bitter vampire's lie. "Why would you think he'd killed me?" Aslo said as he slowly rose from his position on the ground, leaves and debris falling loose around him. "Alice, I mean Mary, thought he had, or at least James told her he did, before the Cullens killed him." "The Cullens?" Aslo said with a tilted head, inviting me to tell all so that was what I did, purely the basics who they were how I knew them. I didn't bother with romance stories or tales of woe, they were behind me now. "She's with Jasper," Aslo murmured with a desolate tone. God, how I knew that tone, oh so well. The tone of losing the one you loved. "Yes, Aslo, but it's what is meant to