A/N: Hello everyone! Long time no see, right? Well, I've been working on a little something I like to call, "Calling From the Ashes", remake to, "My World is on the Edge". I've changed a few things, added more abuse to the story we better understand what terrible things happen to Breanna, and why she is the way she is. Don't worry, this is the only chapter with large amounts of abuse. It will be talked about in other chapters, but this is the most graphic content I will be writing. If anyone has any feedback they can give me, I'd love to have it. I've never been in a physically abusive relationship or been sexually assaulted, so I am only getting information from what I've researched and read about. I hope I do not offend anyone. If anyone is triggered by this, I will post a summary of this chapter in the next one. I hope you all enjoy my story. Happy reading! WARNING: GRAPHIC PHYSICAL, MENTAL, AND SEXUAL ABUSE. IF YOU ARE TRIGGERED BY PHYSICAL, MENTAL, AND SEXUAL ABUSE DO NOT READ. Chapter One. Shit, shit, shit. Come on you stupid knot, just work with me already. My trembling hands worked on the rough rope as I attempted to untie it. I hissed as it rubbed against the open wound across my wrist, causing more blood to leak down my arm. Biting my lip, I ignored the pain and tried again to free myself from my bounds. Oh my god, please just work already! "Breanna, are you still awake?" I swallowed a lump that had formed in my throat and felt beads of sweat drip down my forehead. Come on, you stupid fucking knot! Untie already! The hair on the back of my neck stood at attention as his footsteps got louder, echoing in my ear as my chest started to tighten. "Breanna?" "I'm about to get to sleep, Will. Go back to bed." I called into the dark doorway, cursing inwardly as my voice cracked. "What did you just say to me? Did I just hear you order me?" Tears pricked my eyes as I felt despair sink into my bones. Shit, shit, what have I done? "I didn't mean to order you, I just meant that you need your rest and-" "Oh, I know what you meant. I don't need some bitch trying to order me around. If you hadn't noticed, I'm the only one of us to actually finish high school." Anger bubbled in my body but I bit my lip to hold it down. Don't say anything to provoke him. Keep your cool. "Now go to bed or I'll teach you not to mess with me." "Yes, Will." His footsteps lessened until I heard his bedroom door close and I was left with only the soft hum of the air conditioner turning on and off. I waited a couple of more minutes before trying at the knot again, holding in hisses of pain. My lip broke in between my teeth and my mouth filled with blood. Another half an hour passed until I got it loose. After a couple of attempts to pull my arm free it finally fell away and I was left with a searing pain as the cold air hit my wound. I gritted my teeth and looked at it more closely, my stomach curling as I inspected the deep wound the rope had made. I hope it's not infected. With shaking hands I pulled myself upright and slowly started to tip toe out of the room, internally exploding as the old floor creaked. When a few minutes passed and his door hadn't opened I started again, going extra slow as I walked past his doorway. Inside I could hear a low snore, and my heart felt a little lighter. I could actually do this. I can actually get out of here! When I made it to the living room all hell broke loose. Not watching where I was stepping, I tripped on a dog toy and fell into a table, knocking over a few pictures frames. As they shattered I felt my life flash before my eyes and I knew I was done for. It was almost like a movie when his door flew open and my vision was met with his fist, my teeth clanking together as blood spurted out of my nose. "What did I fucking tell you about disobeying me?" "Will, I didn't mean to-" I was silenced as he punched me again, sending me falling back into the broken glass on the floor. "Please stop, I-" "You knew exactly what you were doing." His hands gripped my wrists as he put them over my head, his knees digging into my stomach as he knelt on top of me. My heart felt like it was stopping as the minutes passed, his green eyes staring down at me blankly. William's jaw was clenched but his lips were tugged into a small smile, his dimple glowing in the dim light of the moon through the open window. How did it come to this? He had acted so great in the beginning. If only I hadn't said yes to that stupid date. Then I wouldn't be in this mess. Even as he sat on top of me I felt my mind wander, trying to escape the terrible moment I had put myself in. In present time I could taste the blood dripping from my lips but in my memories I could faintly remember the flavor of vanilla ice cream with rainbow sprinkles. xxx He finally pulled himself off of me around dawn, dried blood coating my entire body. William didn't bother to tie me back up; he knew I wouldn't try to run again. I was too sore for that. After a few minutes of aching peace, I pulled myself up and made my way into the bathroom, turning on the shower to clean myself. Tears sprung into my eyes and rolled down my bruised cheeks and I sobbed roughly, feeling my pain wash down the drain. I was so tired of fighting a losing battle; I'd probably never get out of this place. Even if I did, he would find me in a heartbeat and beat me until I learned my lesson again. My heart ached for my mother and my old home, and the comfort and safety that came with it. I used to think my mother was bad, but she was nothing compared to William. I heard the front door opened as I stepped out of the running water and started to towel dry myself off, wrapping my long hair up in another one. Emily was here with the kids; I'd have to be on my best behavior. Discretely, I made my way into the spare bedroom where I was being held, taking out my makeup bag and slipping some on to cover the bruises. If sweet Emily saw I'd be dead for sure. After that, I slipped on some nice jeans and a sweater and I was ready to face the sweet faces of children. Oh joy. Don't get me wrong, they were great kids, but all I wanted to do was go to sleep and never wake up. "Be good for Uncle Will today kids. I'll see you later tonight." Emily's honey voice rang throughout the living room. Johnny wrinkled his nose at her, nodding his head before lightly pushing his younger sister Kaitlin over to the couch. The little girl's eyes were red and puffy and her light blonde hair was a disarray. "I have to pick up Katie's allergy medicine, so I'll be a little late tonight." She chuckled and I laughed, faking a smile as my muscles ached. Every time I saw her I wanted to scream what Will was doing to me, but I couldn't endanger her or her kids like that. Who knows what Will would do to them if they became witnesses to his abuse. The very thought of them coming to harm caused me to feel guilty for even asking. William laced his long fingers tightly with mine and I fought the need to throw up, letting him pull me closer. He voice took on a cheerful tenor as he spoke, and I felt myself relax even as I fought with myself. This was how he was when we first met; who knew it would all be a lie. "Don't worry about it, sis. We're making homemade pizza and bread sticks for dinner tonight, so I'm sure they won't be complaining.." "That's so cool!" Johnny explained, jumping up and down on the couch. His sister grumbled beside him, rolling her little blue eyes. "My friend Dominic told me that he and his parents do that for dinner sometimes, but mom never lets me because she thinks I'll make a mess." Emily grinned and rolled her eyes, ruffling his hair before kissing both of her children on the foreheads. "I'll see you guys tonight, okay? Don't be to much trouble for them!" "We won't, mom." "Love you." "Love you, too." As the door closed I felt a sense of despair set into my bones, a flame of hope extinguished by my fears. Again, a voice muttered angrily in my head. Another day living in my own personal hell, the only friends I had were the demons in my head. At least with the kids here he wouldn't touch me. Another voice muttered, much. xxx "You think you can just insult me like that in front of them?" Saliva flew from his mouth and landed on me as he screeched, his hand clutching my throat. "How fucking stupid are you?" "I w-wasn't trying to upset you-" My words stopped in my throat as he smacked my cheek, causing a burning sensation to take over my face. "Shut the fuck up!" His free hand flew down and unbuckled my jeans, ripping them down. A sob broke my throat and I gagged as he clutched my neck harder, squeezing the air out. "Please." I gasped out as I felt his hand pulling down my underwear, rubbing his hand over my naked skin. Why did he have to do this? I didn't do anything wrong! I thrashed and attempted to kick him, but only succeeded in hurting my already aching body. Shit, shit! I can't let this happen! "This is what bad girls deserve." William's fingers slipped inside roughly, causing me to cry out. His green eyes sparkled at my yelp of pain and started moving harder, and it felt like my body was ripping apart.. "If you had only listened none of this would have happened." "I'm sorry, please stop! I'll be good next time." Tremors shot through my spin as he slipped his fingers out of me and unbuckled his jeans, letting them drop to the floor. I was frozen in fear as he rubbed himself against my entrance, my mind going blank as he shoved it inside of me. Even with the pain that I felt, I stayed still, knowing that whatever would happen if I tried to stop him would be much worse than this. What was I supposed to do? If I tried to fight him off I'd have to go through the pain of another beating, but this seemed like a much better option. "Is this what you want? To be fucked?" He licked up the side of my face and I shuddered, remembering all to well another tongue that had done the same thing only a year ago. My mind went into another place as he rammed into me, and I could feel no pain or unhappiness. A beautiful pink sky and my grandmother by my side. I wish I never had to wake up. xxx When he finished he yanked up his pants and left me naked and bleeding on my bed sheets. It was as if the world had stopped and I couldn't move,