Rohan is a lovely place full of gently swaying grass, lazy clouds, clear lakes, rolling hills, and a bright blue sky. The people for the most part are kind and brave, deeply set in their traditions. But that was before. Before Saruman, before Gríma, before the dark days. Théoden, Rohan's king, has fallen into Gríma's clutches. He pushes away help, listening only to that whelp of a man, that sniveling mess of cowardice, shielding himself with Saruman's power. So I decide to do what little I can. No one takes me seriously. Possibly because of my outlandish mannerisms. I refuse to wear dresses unless absolutely necessary, finding them cumbersome. Or it could be my looks. My eyes are slanted almost sleepily and have an odd silver color to them that change tints according to my mood and my hair is a bit shinier than the standard Rohan blonde, and lays straight down my back, swishing between my shoulder blades. My body is lithe despite my unusually tall height, resulting in nearly nonexistent curves. Then there's the ears with odd pointed tips. It's probably to do with my birth parents. They were unknown to everyone; they had left me at an elderly couple's doorstep as a babe. They had died when I was but nine winters old in an Orc raid and I've been on my own since. Storming up the palace steps, I earn surprised glances from the guards which quickly turn to leers. Knowing that at least one will attempt to grope me, I draw a blade and drive it into the wall behind the clearly stronger guard. "I won't miss next time." I growl, yanking the blade out, and continuing into the palace. "Hey! You can't take weapons in there!" The smaller guard shouts, but I pay him no mind. Gríma looks up for only a moment before whispering in Théoden's ear. "What do you need?" squeaks Gríma. "I need you to die," I snarl. "You have plagued Rohan long enough!" "There shall be no killing," Théoden drones. Time for plan B. "Then accept me as a warrior," "A shield maiden would be more suitable," "I don't wish to cater to your whims. I wish to serve my country," "Why should I let you when you openly threaten my consult?" "Because you are still the Théoden that cares for his people, and that the people love and respect. You know that Gríma is a pestilent, little tumor," The great doors behind me swing open, but I ignore the sound of approaching people. A slow, venomous grin begins to form across my face. "I believe your time has come, Wormtongue," I cackle, drawing a blade a quarter at an inch out of its sheath, knowing full well I'll be stopped by whoever walked in. "Sir now is not the time to take out your hostilities," A man says, gripping my shoulder tightly. "Sir? Who is this 'sir' you speak of?" I beam, dropping the hilt, and turning to my restrainer. "My apologies miss," The man ducks his head briefly, then looks at me oddly. "Tell me, what is it the timbre of my voice or my garb that confused you? I shall take no offense, I am merely curious. Some days I wonder if the way my voice sounds in my head is the same as what others hear." "Aragorn, come along," An elderly man clad in white commands. He looks at me oddly as well. Aragorn shifted back to the group of men with the elder leading them. A sight I never thought I would see greets my inspection. A dwarf and an elf walking side by side companionably. They give me that same weird look. "Is there a bird in my hair, perhaps?" I slit my eyes suspiciously. "No-" The elf begins. "Sorry for interrupting... whatever it is you are doing, but we have an urgent matter to discuss with the king." Interrupts the elder. "I am done here anyway. Good luck getting anything out of him with that rat bastard poisoning his mind." I turn to leave and am stopped by Théoden's voice. "I accept your request. Your first task is to get a dress on and bring an instrument back. Éowyn has told me of your musical talent." "Sounds dreary. Very well." Stretching, I saunter out of the palace and down the street to my small cottage. Only two dresses are in my wardrobe. One for celebration and one for mourning. Sighing, I pull the green and blue celebration dress on after stripping from my breeches and tunic. I don't put my shoes back on. Before selecting an instrument, I head out the back door to a small pasture. My beautiful dun mare trots to me, knocking me back with her massive head. She is clearly a young animal both by demeanor and appearance. Only five years old, I've raised her since she was a foal. Already she is calmer than most of the old war horses the Rohirrim keep around. "Hey Rana," I giggle, feeding her tulip. !"You should not be dilly dallying. Take your lute. It's your best."! She snorts. "Eh... All right. Don't get into trouble." !"No promises."! "I should be back before the moon is high." !"Okay, mom."! I rub her nose, and then head back inside for my lute. As I waltz back to the palace, I tune. The village children trickle from their homes, pleading with me to play for them. "Cresa! Won't you please play for us! Just one!" A little boy begs. The other kids take up his pleas, and I have little choice but to give in. "I have to sing while I walk. Théoden is expecting me." I laugh cheerily. "I bet he's gonna arrange a marriage for you and Éomer!" A little girl beams. I do not have the heart to tell them of Éomer's banishment. "I doubt that. How about that song now? Shule, shule, shule aroon/ Shule go succir agus, shule go kewn/ Shule go durrus oggus aylig lume/ Shule, shule, shule aroon/ Shule go succir agus, shule go kewn/ Shule go durrus oggus aylig lume/ Iss guh day thoo avorneen slawn/ I wish I was on yonder hill/ Tis there I'd sit and cry my fill/ And every tear would turn a mill/ I'll sell my rod, I'll sell my reel/ I'll sell my only spinning wheel/ To buy my love a sword of steel/ Shule, shule, shule aroon/ Shule go succir agus, shule go kewn/ Shule go durrus oggus aylig lume/ Iss guh day thoo avorneen slawn/ I'll dye my petticoats, I'll dye them red/ And 'round the world I'll beg my bread/ Until my parents shall wish me dead/ Shule, shule, shule aroon/ Shule go succir agus, shule go kewn/ Shule go durrus oggus aylig lume/ Iss guh day thoo avorneen slawn/ Shule, shule, shule aroon/ Shule go succir agus, shule go kewn/ Shule go durrus oggus aylig lume/ Shule, shule, shule aroon/ Shule go succir agus, shule go kewn/ Shule go durrus oggus aylig lume, Iss guh day thoo avorneen slawn." "One more?" The boy asks, but I shake my head seeing as we're in front of the castle already. Most of the village children are swarming around me, and normally I would oblige their request, but something seems different today. I climb up the steps with the children following me closely, hoping I'll change my mind. My mouth turns to a small 'o' when I see a healthy and furious Théoden pointing a sword at Gríma's throat. A small grim smile flashes across my face before I remember that the children are still behind me. "Kids, go home! Go!" I shout, throwing my arms out futilely to block their view, and in the process i drop my lute. The older kids pull away their siblings and neighbors, leaving me with one little boy too frightened to move. My best friend's, Miena's, son. "Rhoryn, sweetie, come here," I lower my voice almost to a whisper and extend my arms to the young boy. He races into my embrace and I pick him up, tucking his head against my neck so he can't see anything. I walk with purpose to take him back home, not caring about my abandoned instrument. "I am taking you home to your mommy, okay?" "Okay, Auntie," He murmurs. He's close to falling asleep and soon his breathing slows to signal his rest. I pet his hair as I walk and I come across Cauwen, Miena's neighbor. "She is not home yet. Would you like me to watch the boy?" Cauwen smiles gently. "I have him. Thank you." I reply smoothly. With that, I head back to the palace humming an old tune to fetch my lute and tell Gaenry, Miena's husband, that I'll be watching his son until Miena returns home from her job. Gríma slams into me just as I reach the palace steps. Miraculously, I keep Rhoryn from hitting the dirt and he actually remains asleep. The strange men folk rush down to help me up, but I dismiss them, using one hand to push myself up and the other to hold the boy steady. "Cresa? Are you alright? Kincaid said he saw you fall." Gaenry rushes over. "I am fine, as is your son," I roll my eyes. "You are a poor guard what with letting Gríma knock down a civilian." "Your wit knows no bounds. I see why Miena keeps you close. Are you sure you are fine? You seem to have a head wound." "I do? Perfect." I hand Rhoryn to Gaenry and probe my scalp for blood. There's a deep gash running from my hairline to my ear. "Gaenry, fetch Haiweth and tell her I've hit my head. Leave Rhoryn with Cauwen if her offer to watch him still stands. It would be better for his young eyes not to see this blood." Gaenry departs with a nod. "That was not necessary. I could have tended to you." Aragorn says. "But I would not know that if you had not just told me. Besides, you are a mysterious stranger who keeps odd company. A wizard, a man, an elf, and a dwarf." I grin despite the growing pain in my head. My vision flashes between nothing and ultra-intense colors, a sign of the what has yet to come. I lower myself to a crouch, which is awkward in my dress, to lessen the blow. "Are you well?" The elf asks. "What do you think?" I snap, much sharper than I intended. A rush of color springs to my eyes and then it goes black. Two small beings, hobbits I believe, lie curled up on a rock, surrounded by molten rock, coated in thick red blood. They don't appear to be breathing. A large, flaming eye trains its gaze on me. "Cresa, I can give you the answers you want, if you help me," It croons. "You can be so much more than you are, if you let me into your mind. You can be a queen." "I am not that petty." I snarl, glaring at the eye. It trembles with rage, the flames curling wildly. Water breaks me from the vision. With a hiss, I lash out at the closest object, my sight still dark from the vision. When the darkness lifts, I see Aragorn leaning over me with an angry red welt on his forehead. I'm surprised that he watched over me. Then I realize that I'm still in the dirt now surrounded by the odd men, Théoden, Éowyn, Gaenry, Haiweth, and Miena. "I am afraid you interrupted something," I frown. "Though I am sorry I struck you." "It is fine. Many do not appreciate water being dumped on them." Aragorn chuckles. "I do not believe we have been properly introduced. I am Aragorn, son of Arathorn, and my companions are Gimli, son of Glóin, Legolas of the Woodland Realm, and Gandalf the White." "Tis a pleasure.