A/N: New story, yay! Constructive criticism would be appreciated, thanks. Disclaimer: My name is not Rick Riordan and thus I do not own Percy Jackson. Simple as that people. The Disgraced Hero Chapter One "It has begun." Said a disembodied voice in the darkness. "Indeed it has, father." Said another voice coming from a beam of light. "He is breaking." "We must not underestimate the child." Said the first voice. "Of course not. He is strong, for a demigod. But one can only take so much before reaching a breaking point and Perseus Jackson is nearing his." X Percy was completely bewildered. Everywhere he went in the camp, he received hostile glares and shoves or was just ignored altogether and he had no idea why. He went around camp trying to talk to his friends but was always pushed away. Jason, Piper, Frank, Hazel and Reyna, all lived in Camp Jupiter and though they sometimes Iris-messaged him, it just wasn't the same. Leo was on a world tour with his girlfriend Calypso and Grover was usually out doing his Lord of the Wild stuff or with his pregnant girlfriend Juniper and had little time for Percy. His friend Katie Gardner had yelled at him – and she never yelled, except at Travis and Connor, but that was different – about her gardening tools being destroyed or something and when Percy asked what she was talking about, she actually slapped him before storming off. The Stolls had said something about a prank that backfired and said it was Percy's fault. Then they pranked him for all they were worth. Which, in pranking, was a lot. Thankfully, Percy had some experience with the Stolls' pranks and was able to evade most of them. Clarisse was even more hostile than usual, going all out in the arena and trying extra hard to maim Percy when they sparred, and her boyfriend, Chris, whom Percy had always gotten along with fine, looked at him with a smug look on his face, like he knew something or had something Percy didn't. Maybe both. When the hunters had come to camp the week before, they all glared at him distastefully, which usually wouldn't be strange for a male but Percy and the hunters had kinda gotten along after the second Giant War. At least, as much as the hunters and a male could get along. Even Thalia seemed unusually distant, always calling him Percy instead of Perce, Kelp Head or Kelp-for-Brains. Nico usually stayed at camp with his boyfriend, Will Solace, but hardly ever talked to Percy. They had talked and gotten over whatever it was between them and were pretty good friends. But then Nico seemed to have caught the I-hate-Percy virus along with everyone else. But what hurt Percy the most was that his amazing girlfriend, Annabeth Chase, the one he had fallen into Tartarus for, was getting more distant every day and it seemed that she hardly cared about Percy anymore. Percy, though, was going to do everything in his power to fix that. That's why, one night, he went to her cabin to look for her. He knocked on cabin number six's door and one of Annabeth's sisters opened the door. "Hi, is Annabeth here?" Percy asked. The girl looked at him like he was something she scraped off the sole of her shoe before answering. "No." "Do you know where she is?" Percy asked. "No." She said again. "Do you think that one of your siblings might know anything?" He asked her. She looked incredibly annoyed before turning back into the cabin and asking if anyone knew where Annabeth was. Someone yelled something back and the girl turned to Percy. "Malcolm said that he saw her walking into the forest twenty minutes ago." She told him. Then she slammed the door into his face. Percy blinked twice. "Thanks." He muttered sarcastically before turning and jogging into the forest. When he had been walking for about ten minutes he started hearing strange sounds. He slowed down and walked towards the sounds. There were grunts and moans and Percy realized too late what that meant. As he reached the edge of a clearing the very blood froze in his veins. On the ground a few feet in front of him were two people literally joined at the hips. But it wasn't what they were doing that made Percy react that way, no. It was who they were. The one on the ground was Chris Rodriguez, Clarisse's boyfriend, and on top of him was definitely not Clarisse. No, she was none other than the very daughter of Athena Percy had come to find. Annabeth Chase was lying on the son of Hermes allowing said demigod access to something only Percy should get. At first Percy was on the verge of tears but then he got angry. He got angrier than he ever had before and decided to take it out on the two people cheating on their respective partners. Before either Chris or Annabeth knew what was going on, they were flattened to the ground as hundreds of gallons of water, taken from the river nearby, were dropped on top of them. They screamed and spluttered and fumbled around, trying to get their bearings when they spotted a very mad son of Poseidon. "P-P-Percy!" Annabeth stuttered. "It isn't what it looks like!" "Bullshit!" Percy screamed. "I thought our relationship meant more to you than this! I thought I meant more to you than this! Apparently not." As he spoke (yelled), the earth started shaking and a hurricane started forming, nature reacting to the son of Poseidon's emotions. Chris, who had hurriedly put his pants back on, stood up and reached out to Percy. "Percy, dude, come on, stop this. We can talk this out." He said. Percy turned to him and Chris flinched back from his glare. "Shut up Chris, I'll deal with you later." Percy said. Chris was definitely not one to take something like that lying down, so he advanced on Percy. "Hey! You don't talk to me like that! Just get over it dude, I got the girl, not you." He said. Before Chris could react, Percy had swept him off his feet and smashed his elbow in his nose. Just before he passed out he heard Percy say something that scared the shit out of him. "I've changed my mind. I won't deal with you, I'll let Clarisse do it." Percy then turned back to Annabeth, who had used the time while Percy and Chris talked to put her pants and shirt on. "How long?" He demanded. "Ever since you went missing." Annabeth admitted. "For more than two years?!" Percy asked. Annabeth weakly nodded. "Is he the only one?" When Annabeth didn't answer, Percy sreamed at her. "Is he the only one?!" She shook her head weakly and Percy started to shake in anger. "Who else?" He asked in a deathly quiet voice. "W-Will Solace too." She squeaked out. "Why, Annabeth?" Percy asked. She stayed quiet for a few moments and Percy was just about to yell at her again when she spoke up. "A-at first it was because I missed you and I was lonely and n-needed someone. But y-you're just n-not exciting anymore. In the w-wars you were, like, a warrior type guy but you just don't have that-that feel anymore." She stuttered out, with tears streaming down her cheeks. Percy looked at her, slowly becoming angrier and angrier as she spoke. "So you only wanted to be with me because I could fight and kill monsters." Percy said coldly over the din of the storm. Trees were being uprooted and in camp the situation wasn't any better. "After I turned down godhood. For YOU. After I fell into Tartarus. For YOU. And then I turned down godhood again . FOR YOU!" He finished in a yell. Annabeth shrunk back when thunder boomed and lightning flashed in the sky. "I'm sorry Percy." Annabeth cried. "I made a mistake. Please can we just start over?" She asked. "Are you kidding?" Percy asked incredulously. "After your blatant disregard for everything our relationship stood for? After you humiliate me like this? Not a chance." "Please, Percy, I'm sorry." Annabeth said, falling down to her knees. Percy closed his eyes and took a deep breath, calming himself down and the storm slowly stopped. When everything was silent again he opened his eyes and spoke in a cold voice that sent shivers down Annabeth's spine. "Goodbye, Annabeth. I hope you find someone exciting enough for you." And then he walked away. As Percy stepped out of the Forest, he was greeted with a sight that he did not expect. The roof of the Big House had been torn off, the tables in the dining pavilion were all over the place and the cabins were in terrible shape. A group of campers and Chiron walked over to Percy, Clarisse La Rue in the lead. "What the fuck is wrong with you, Prissy?" She screamed at him. "Well, for one, I just saw my girlfriend fucking your boyfriend." Percy answered. Clarisse and the campers most recoiled in shock. "What?" She asked. "Like I said. I just saw your boyfriend and my girlfriend fucking in the forest." He said. Clarisse growled in anger and grabbed the front of his shirt. "You're lying." She growled at him. Percy scowled, grabbed Clarisse's hands and, to everyone's immense shock, overpowered her and forced her to let go of him. Then he glared at Clarisse. "Why the fuck would I lie about something like that?" He asked. "Besides, if you want proof, he is currently lying unconscious with a broken nose on the ground next to my crying ex -girlfriend. He was pissing me off so I laid him out for you to deal with as you please." Then he walked past Clarisse and into the group of wide-eyed campers until he found the son of Apollo he was looking for. Will Solace's eyes widened and he paled as he realized that Percy must have found out about him too. Shit, Nico was going to kill him. Percy walked up to him and instead of saying anything, just grabbed his head and pulled it down, introducing Will's face to his knee. The son of Apollo crumpled down unconscious as blood spurted out of his nose and mouth. "What the fuck are you doing?!" Nico screamed at Percy. Percy turned to him with his eyes blazing with anger. "He isn't as gay as you thought." Percy said. "What are you talking about?!" Nico demanded. "He fucked Annabeth too. I was just getting a little revenge on the backstabbing bastard." "What?" Nico couldn't believe what he was hearing. Percy sighed and looked Nico straight in the eye. "My advice, find another type." He said, not so subtly hinting at Nico's words from just after the Giant War. Then he kept on walking to the Poseidon cabin. When he arrived in his cabin he grabbed the Minotaur horn, and all his drachmas and mortal cash in his jacket pockets. When he was reached the top of the hill, Chiron called out to him. "Percy, where are you going?" He asked. "I don't know, Chiron." Percy said, shaking his head. "Away from here at least." "It is dangerous out there." The centaur said. Percy smiled slightly. "I know, Chiron but I can protect myself. I'll probably just say hi to my mom and maybe go over to Camp Jupiter for a while." He said. Chiron nodded, knowing that he couldn't and probably shouldn't stop his student. "Alright Percy. Just be careful and may Lady Tyche be with you." Chiron said as Percy started walking down. Percy turned around so he was walking backwards down the hill and gave Chiron a bitter smile. "When has she ever, Chiron? When has she ever?" When Percy was down the hill, he threw a drachma at the ground and