Uh, hi. My name's Jak, and I'm a half-blood. You probably already know the stories of the older ones. Heracles, Odysseus, Theseus, and Jason, to name a few. You might even know Percy Jackson, Jason Grace, and Leo Valdez. But you probably don't know any of the Underworld heroes. You see, I was around as the Civil War was starting. The demigod one. I was undetermined, and unimportant. I wasn't one of the sad ones, though. I was happy where I was, and I trained hard. I became a decent warrior, respected. I had a few useful skills. I was good with a blade, and I was relatively clever. Most began assuming I was a son of Athena, or Ares. I wasn't so sure. I didn't feel a connection to any God or goddess. I felt... different somehow. As the war was building up, the entirety of Camp Half-Blood was feeling anxious. Quickly, a small few became the leaders of Camp. You see, the children of Zeus and Poseidon were amazing, and powerful and took up the majority of hardcore battles. They were the firepower. These children, and a select few others were the people the campers most looked up to. But they weren't the only heroes. There were plenty of people who went on missions just as dangerous without as much recognition. The powerful, yet not the most powerful. I was with them. We were like, the second best. And we were finally were getting an important quest. You see, the Romans had this huge Dragon. I'm talking, the biggest Dragon in the past thousand years. And we were being sent to kill it. The quest wasn't actually issued to me. It was issued to a son of Hephaestus. A huge man, 6'6 with arms the size of a cannon barrel. This was the kind of guy that would make Cyclopes look small. They had nicknamed him 'Thunder", loosely making a reference to that old Norse God Thor. Why did they compare him to Thor? His hammer. This wasn't the kind of hammer you use for nails. This was a two ton piece of metal, made by Hephaestus himself. You see, Thunder wasn't all powerful. He had some awesome strength, sure, but he wasn't actually strong enough to lift two tons. He can only lift because of a power from his father. The one secret he had, but that's something important later. He was given the quest because, well, he was strong, and smart. Now I'll tell you the story in full. Chiron had just finished telling the Camp what was going on, sadly informing us of who we had just lost. "We lost a son of Ares today. Joshua, was his name, and the Romans destroyed him without hesitation. We must retaliate. And I know how to." Everyone busted out talking, every demigod at the dining pavilion speaking at once, it was rather annoying, but I knew Chiron would shut them up, he always did. I was soon proven right, as Chiron stomped his foot "listen, listen." He said, shutting them up. "One of our own has already been given a prophecy and a quest. Thunder, step forward." At these words, the large demigod stood. Everyone seemed surprised, they had expected one of the children of Zeus, most likely. Maybe Poseidon. Not a Smith. "Aye, I have been chosen to slay the great Dragon of the Romans. I shall slay the mighty beast with help from Shay, daughter of Hermes, and Jam son of none. That is, if they wish to accompany me." Shock again rippled throughout the demigods there, including myself. I've never been one even thought to be good enough to go on quests. I was undetermined, and although people liked having me on their side during war games, I still wasn't quite powerful enough, or important enough to be considered for a quest. "I accept. I shall accompany you." I said, standing as I did so, but then I surprised myself with what I said next. "You have my blade, until we slay this beast" I said, drawing my sword with a flourish. Everyone loved that, taking it as confidence, and for once I felt they didn't doubt the quest any longer. "I may not be the most skilled archer, but you have my bow." Shay said, standing now as well. "I'd rather have your feet." Thunder said, his voice rumbling as he chuckled. She was the fastest person at camp. "You guys shall leave tomorrow." Chiron said, before dismissing us to our cabins. That night, I slept in the Big House. I can't explain why I wanted to, but it felt natural. I crashed in one of the spare bed rooms, and immediately began to dream. If I said they made sense, I'd be lying. I saw bits and pieces of half formed people, and I didn't understand. It felt like my spirit was being drug around, like I was a ghost being controlled. This all made my sleep restless, not to mention the fact that I heard whispers in my dreams as well. Half formed prophecies and promises. Then, all the badness faded away and I saw a woman. I could tell she was a goddess. How? I could not explain how. She was short and plump, but she had pitch black hair. She was beautiful in a strange way, something about her reminded me of musky underground places, yet she also felt reassuring, like she knew exactly what I was going through, being a hero and all. It was nice. "Who are you?" I asked, surprised that I could speak in this dream state. "You shall know soon. Take my gift, but tell no one." I didn't have time to question her, because I then woke up. And I knew immediately what her gift was. There was a knife in my hand. Moving quickly, I sat up, and unsheathed the dagger. It was about a foot long, and made of some black metal. "Stygian Iron.." I muttered to myself, I had only ever read about it a few times. It was an underworld metal. An hour later, I reported for the quest. I was dressed in a nice pair of boots, and a shirt. A long blue over coat covered that. Strapped to my side, was my sword. A wickedly sharp hand a half, double sided monster. But it would look like a regular mortal saber to the mortals. The dagger was safely tucked in the inside pocket of my overcoat, along with a flask of nectar. As I slowly walked up the hill, I saw my two companions waiting on me at the top. The dragons camp wasn't all that far away, so we were walking there. We were supposed to be stealthy, and this seemed the easiest way. "Hello." I said, smiling slightly as I reached them. "Are you two ready?" "No, not really. Let's go." Replied Thunder, yet I could tell he was more than ready to get a move on. He had pent up energy, and he wanted the thrill of battle. As we walked out of camp, I studied my two companions. Thunder had been my first friend at camp, and the maker of my sword. He was tall, strong, and bearded. He wore full Greek armor. He was shrouded in mist because of all the magical metals, so to mortals he'd look like a normal person. Then, there was Shay. Shay looked like a huntress. She was skinny and lithe, and could run faster and longer than anyone at camp. She wore boots, leggings, and a tunic. A bow and quiver slung over her shoulder. "I think we should stop for break." Shay said a few hours later, the sun now high in the air. Apparently, it wasn't time to take a break. As soon as she said , we were attacked. Somehow we had walked directly into an ambush. Fifteen or so Roman legionaires had us surrounded, gladius's all drawn. "Well, well, well, what do we have here? Graeceus scum, eh?" Said the one who was clearly in charge. A tall, brown haired guy, around seventeen. He was kind of skinny, but held himself with confidence. "Your doom." Said Thunder, and he drew his hammer. It was a scarier sight than the enemies that surrounded us. Much scarier. "Ha, you wish. You Greeks have no chance. And you'll never make it to our Dragon, youll die here!" He yelled, his men now charging toward us. You see, for most demigods, this would be a huge problem. Thankfully, I'd fought alongside these two many a time, and it felt natural. It almost felt like capture the flag, Thunder stepped forward, and began demolishing our enemies, two or three at a time. He was a force of destruction. Shay was much different, she was covering him. They took on the bulk of the force. You see, our strategy at always been the same. Those two took crowd control while I struck down the powerful people. I charged at the cocky demigod who was in charge, swinging my blade at him. That's when it started. He deflected it with his gladius, and I immediately went back in, hacking and slashing at him, making sure to keep him off balance to the best of my ability. He seemed to never get the upper hand, but I couldn't either. "Who.. are... you..?" I asked, continually striking and parrying, my insticts doing most of the fighting. "Jonathan Miles. Son of Mars." The other demigod said, oblivious to the fact that most of his force now lay unconscious and wounded. "I'm Jak. Son of None." As I said this, I fiented, and then struck his legs, knocking them out from underneath him, then I kicked his head, knocking him out. "So, it appears as we won this one. It feels too easy." I said, sheathing my blade as I walked to the other two. "It was. " Thunder agree simply. "I know why. These aren't demigods." Shay said, a knowing sparkle in her deep green eyes. "They're legacies. These are the main foot soldiers. But that Mars kid, he's the real enemy. He kept up with Jak, and he probably wasn't top of the line." "I'd hate to have to face their best then. I train to take on the strongest, but even I don't have the power to face down a son of Zeus. Or Jupiter." I said, slightly worried about how we'll end up if we have to fight many more. "I think we should leave now. I don't want to kill them, but they'll keep following us." Thunder said, a scowl on his face. "Aye, lets." I said, and then we continued on, but things seemed different now. The few monsters we fought along the way seemed to not even be trying very hard to kill us. Hours later, we were sitting on top of a large hill, the moon high in the sky, a fire crackling nearby. Shay was asleep already, and Thunder and I were deep in conversation about something. "So, Jak, can I tell you something? Something I've never told anyone before?" Thunder asked, suddenly a serious look on his face. Glancing over at him, then looking back at the fire that my gaze had mostly stayed fixated on, I nodded. "You ser, I have a power. A power I don't like to brag about. I can control metal. Not very well, like I can't make it do stuff from far away or anything, but I can lift metal things way too heavy to lift, and I can make stuff easier to Smith and things like that. That's how I use this hammer, and how I wear armor like this and still move fast. I can even make sword swings slower, and things like that. It's how I best so many of my opponents ." I wasn't sure how to react. You see, having something like