Katniss's head pounds as the morning light streams in the windows, straight through the thin skin of her eyelids. She clutches the side of her head, groaning and burrowing under the covers in an attempt to block the sun and stop the hammering behind her eyes. Her bare skin brushes up against a body, warm and solid and she freezes. The relaxed, even breathing next to her makes her heart thump rapidly, and her head begins to hurt even more when she racks her brain for any memory of how she ended up here, and who she might be with. She remembers being in Vegas, and being at a bar the night before with her friends. She remembers Johanna leaving to hit on a guy with enough piercings and tattoos that his own mother probably wouldn't recognize him, telling her not to wait up. She recalls Madge and Gale sneaking off one at a time with the most ridiculous excuses, as though it weren't completely obvious they were about to hook up. And Finnick ended up wrapped in the arms of a tall, willowy girl before someone finally had to tell them to get a room, which they promptly did. That only left her and Peeta, and she'd been glad for it. Spending time with her best friend was why she agreed to come on the impromptu getaway. Work had been so busy that they hadn't had much time together lately. Katniss rubs her eyes as the conversation plays over in her mind; from relationship woes and why they couldn't find a person they clicked with, to worst first dates and awkward experiences; all while downing drink after drink, each one burning a little less than the last. She remembers laughing and pointing out a few girls for Peeta to hit on and he did the same for her. The guy he picked wasn't bad; reddish hair that could use a haircut, but left enough to grab onto if the sex was wild. She raised a finger towards a busty, blonde Barbie and Peeta wrinkled his brow, asking if she thought that low of him. He may hAve mentioned he preferred brunette a, and she may have fallen off her chair at some point, but what happened after that is dizzyingly unfocused, or lost altogether. Peeking out of the covers, Katniss tries to see if she's in her own room, but it's no use since she's pretty sure all the rooms look the same. One turn of her head and her stomach lurches, from the after effects of the alcohol or the body next to her, she's not sure, but she jumps out of bed and heads straight for the bathroom. When she's emptied everything from her stomach, she wets a rag and wipes her face, drags it across her neck to cool her heated skin. She catches a glimpse of herself in the mirror, bewildered with what she sees. She looks horrid - buck naked with mascara running down her cheeks, the back of her hair in a mess of tangles so frizzy it looks as though a rat could actually hide in there. Her normally olive skin is colorless and her lips look thin. She rubs at a dull pain on the back of her shoulder, angling her arm towards the mirror when she feels the indented flesh under the pads of her fingers. The skin is slightly broken in the shape of an oval, and Katniss can tell it's a bite mark. Lower, though, she spies a dark circle at the top of her ass. She turns fully, craning her neck to get a look at what she's certain is a hickey. "Hello?" the sleepy voice of the man she woke up with breaks her from the silent inspection. There won't be any sneaking out. She has to face this, so she wraps a towel around herself and appears in the doorway. "Oh, shit," Peeta whispers, staring wide-eyed at her from the bed, the sheets barely containing his morning erection. Katniss isn't sure what she would have wanted to hear, but regret on her best friend's lips turns out to be pretty crushing. His hand stills its run through his bed hair, which is sexier than it should be, and she can physically feel the fear in his eyes from across the room. Denial , she reasons quickly. That's the direction she needs to go with this. They probably didn't do anything. Just because they're naked and there are a few marks doesn't mean they had sex, right? And she can't take that look on his face anymore, because she realizes in this moment, now that she's about to lose him, why she can't make it work with anyone else. Peeta Mellark is her sunshine. The one bright spot in her otherwise crappy excuse for a life. He's been there with her through everything - her sister's death, her parents' subsequent divorce, the guilt she felt over it all. He got her through it. She was there for him through the abusive situation in his home, the horrible breakup he went through when he found out he'd been cheated on, and the low SAT score that left him without the scholarship he needed to go to State and leave his witch of a mother behind. But whether or not she's his rock, he is definitely hers. She can't lose him now. "Don't look at me like that," Katniss snaps without meaning to. "We didn't do anything." "I don't remember," he admits cautiously, confusion etched across his face as he rubs his head. "Are you sure? I would hate-" "Yep," she cuts him off. She doesn't think she can hear that he would be disgusted over having sex with her. The relief on his face makes her certain she's doing the right thing, even if it might be a lie. They'll never know, though, if they really did. It's better this way. Peeta tugs on the sheet, covering himself fully. "You better get dressed," he says with a strained voice, nodding at the small towel she's hugging to her bare body, a gap forming at the top of her hip and tapering out the further it falls. He averts his eyes to something on the wall, and her attention is drawn to a reddened patch of skin beneath his left earlobe, similar to the one on her backside. Did she do that? Mortification turns to irritation when she realizes he won't make eye contact. He can't even look at me , she thinks dejectedly. She snatches her clothes off the floor and does her best not to scowl at him. "Sorry I'm so repulsive," she whispers, the horror and hurt finally making its way to the surface, spilling over like a pot of boiling pasta left alone. But this burns deeper than just the surface. "Katniss, that's not-" She slams the bathroom door before he can finish, locks it and holes up in the shower trying to wash the humiliation away. She's not one hundred percent certain of what they did, but even if they didn't sleep together, they definitely crossed a the boundary of friendship. Peeta was obviously uncomfortable, as was she, but now she can't get the image of her naked best friend out of her head nor shake off the dread that one irresponsible, drunken night may rip him from her life. She has to act normal, like everything is okay. Like it never happened. When she's finished wallowing, she dresses quickly, then stays quiet for a few moments listening for sounds from the room. She quietly cracks the door after hearing nothing and peeks through the sliver. Katniss isn't completely sure what she was hoping for, but her heart sinks when she realizes he's gone. She pads into the room and slumps on the bed, certain things will never be the same again. Her cell phone rings from somewhere in the room, and she follows the sound until she finds it lodged between the bed and the nightstand. It's Madge. Probably calling to remind her about meeting up for breakfast. "Hey, Madge, what's up?" Katniss takes a deep breath and tries to calm the high pitched tone she never uses. "Oh my God, Katniss! Are you and Peeta together now? We've all been waiting for so long! I mean-" "Wait… what? What are you talking about, Madge?" Katniss insists. "What do you mean, what am I talking about ?" Madge mocks her. "I'm talking about you and Peeta! Last night," she pauses before asking, "doing the dirty deed?" "What?!" Katniss shrieks. "We didn't- How do you- What are you...?" Her mind feels like sludge. The harder she tries to think, the more the words get stuck, never making it to their final destination. "The voicemail," Madge says, as though that answers every questions Katniss has. "What voicemail?" Katniss demands, tired of going around in circles, but terrified of what's coming. She vaguely remembers dialing on her phone last night. "Jo played your voicemail at breakfast this morning because she wanted to gloat about winning the bet on when you two would finally get together." There was a bet? Katniss fumes, but she'll have to deal with that later, because right now, the only thing she needs to know is what is on that voicemail. "Madge, give me details. I neeeeed details !" she whines, but before Madge can divulge anything, a steady knock sounds at the door. "Hold on," Katniss tells her friend, pressing the phone to her chest. She swings the door open and immediately feels the same crushing weight of guilt and loss she sees on Peeta's face. He holds a cell phone that doesn't belong to him in his hand, and his lips form a tight line while his eyes glance between her and the floor. "We need to talk." His tone is grim and Katniss's stomach starts to feel like an angry hornet's nest. "I'll call you back," Katniss says evenly, shutting the phone off without giving Madge a chance to reply. She doesn't need to because she knows she's about to hear it from her best friend. Correction - former best friend. Peeta steps through the door, grabs a bottle of water from the mini fridge and hands it to her with some aspirin and the words, "You're going to need this." Katniss's insides are so wrought with tension she doesn't think she can stomach even the little bit of water it would take to get the pills down, so she sets them on the bar before she turns to fully face him. Face whatever it is. "Will you... sit with me?" Peeta asks as he motions toward the small lounge, waiting for her to sit before he does. She perches gingerly on the edge of the sofa, and he rests across from her atop the coffee table. Their knees almost touch, and her eyes fixate on the way his hands slide up and down his thighs nervously. She can't look at him, but if she could she would see that he can't look at her, either. "I-" Peeta starts, then stops abruptly. That one syllable is shaky enough with regret that any hope she'd held onto for the last hour falls straight to the ground like a lead balloon. He clears his throat and starts again. "Katniss, you're my best friend, a-and I don't want to lose you. But, you have to know that-" he blows out a deep breath as he prepares to say the words he cannot take back. "We had sex last night. Apparently you called Jo to check in with her right before and left her a voicemail. You… Told her you were with me and not to worry, then forgot to, um, disconnect the call. The whole thing, or a lot of it at least, was recorded." He fidgets for a moment, then hesitantly takes her limp hand in his. "Katniss, it's not