Hi, there! This is my submission for LoveInPanem's Valentine's celebration over on Tumblr. Thank you to Katnissdoesnotfollowback, Burkygirl and Xerxia for the extra sets of eyes to catch my tense screw-ups. I rarely write present and I have no idea what possessed me to do it. Oh well! It's done. Mistakes are mine! Enjoy! Katniss pauses on the sidewalk in front of the restaurant, smoothing down the bodice of her gray wrap dress. She was surprised when her friend messaged her the name of the place where she'd be meeting her mystery date - Terrilli's - a popular Italian place in the city. She'd been wanting to eat here for a while, but the wait list and the price range had kept her away. There must have been a last minute cancellation, or he's really good at sweet talk if he was able to get a reservation at one of the most desirable restaurants in the city on such short notice. And on Valentine's night, no less. She checks her reflection in the windows as she walks by for any stray hairs that may have come loose from her braid after her high-heeled sprint through the subway. She still can't believe she agreed to such a cliche - a blind date on the most romantic night of the year - but her two perky, blonde roommates had made such a big deal about their own plans for the holiday that insecurity had crept in and cozied up to her feelings of loneliness, stirring a force she couldn't easily overcome. So when her coworker, Johanna, offered to set her up with a cousin who was in town for the week, she hastily agreed. It was better than sitting home alone, waiting for Bubbly and Bubblier to come home and gush about their oh-so-amazing evenings. And if it turns out she has nothing in common with her date, which is a more than likely outcome for Katniss since he's not local, she'll never have to see him again. Free dinner, no strings, her own story to embellish when the tales her roommates share cross over into TMI. Which they always do with those two. After tucking a few hairs behind her ear, her eyes see past her own reflection to a blond man sitting at a table alone, perusing a menu, a glass of deep, red wine sitting in front of him. A quick scan of the other tables shows they're filled with couples, so he must be waiting for her. She's at least fifteen minutes late, so she can't fault him for starting without her. She's lucky he hasn't left yet. Katniss lets her eyes linger on his easy features. He's handsome. Well-dressed in gray slacks and a black button down, shiny black oxfords on his feet. She can tell by the cut of his jaw and the slope of his nose he's got those all-American good looks. The pout of his lips adds to the allure, and she briefly wonders if she'll get to kiss them tonight. That's definitely not where she saw this night going. She's not prepared for the lone butterfly that takes flight in her belly. It could wake all the others, creating a force bigger than what drove her to this date in the first place. On shaky legs, probably from the black patent heels she never wears, Katniss enters the restaurant, by-passing the hostess and heading straight for their table. She's late enough as it is. "I'm so sorry I'm late," she apologizes earnestly, a little breathless as she extends her hand. "I'm Katniss." He looks up at her, the surprise clearly evident in the most beguiling blue eyes she's had the pleasure of staring into. She feels the second butterfly join the first. Then, his hand slides hesitantly against hers. All she registers is softness and warmth, and a third flutter is added to the mix of what's happening inside her. "Nice to meet you. I'm Peeta." He cocks his head to the side curiously, and, though his eyes don't venture below her neck, his perusal of her wakes the entire butterfly colony. She takes a seat, and tries to ignore the way his eyes stay on her, wide and a little perplexed. Maybe she didn't take enough time fixing herself up after her jog and she looks more unkempt than she could tell in the dull reflection of the windows outside. She picks up her menu and opens it. Mainly for her own distraction because she's suddenly not hungry. At least not for lasagna. "I've never been here before. Do you know what's good?" It takes effort to get the words past her dry throat. "Um-" A waiter appears suddenly, cutting off Peeta's response, which is good because his voice is hot enough to melt the small dish of butter sitting next to the bread between them. "Would you like a glass of wine, Miss?" Katniss takes a peek at her date's glass. "I'll have what he's having," she says with a panicked smile she can feel to her toes. She's so out of her comfort zone, and she probably wouldn't be able to pronounce the name of a fancy wine anyway. Her tongue feels like sandpaper. The waiter nods and leaves, and Katniss returns her attention to the menu, still unable to look straight into Peeta's gaze without getting trapped there. She has no idea how she made it out the first time and she'll need to gain some confidence before she can dive back in. "The Italian cream cake looks good," she says, trying to fill the awkward silence. She's not sure why she's looking at the dessert menu. Maybe subconsciously she wants to skip dinner? "It does, yeah," he clears his throat and from beneath her eyelashes Katniss can see him take a drink of his wine. Is he as nervous as she is? She hopes so. "So, um, Katniss?" He says her name like a question, as though he didn't quite get it the first time, which seems off because surely Johanna told him her name. But maybe not, since Katniss didn't know his name before tonight either. Strangely, that piece of information was lost in their communication. In the very few messages that had been sent with Johanna as go between - Katniss didn't want a stranger to have her number if meeting him turned out to be an awful idea - to coordinate this get together, she hadn't thought to ask for a name. And Johanna hadn't thought to give it. "Yes?" she answers, risking a quick peek at him. His elbows are on the table, hands steepled together, chin resting against them. Bright blue eyes stare back into hers, and his ashy, blond hair falls in waves over his forehead. It's a little shaggy, but he's still insanely attractive. "Tell me about yourself." The question is so broad, Katniss doesn't know where to start. And the interested way he's eyeing her isn't helping settle the swarm. "Oh, I, um, well, I'm single. Obviously." Way to go, idiot . Of course he knows that, and she can feel the tinge of pink in her cheeks. He smiles and his eyes light up, easing her enough to go on. "I'm a medical transcriber, which sounds pretty boring, but I get to work from home in my pajamas, so..." She almost chokes on her own stupidity. Where is that waiter with her wine? "It doesn't sound boring at all," he says through a chuckle. He must be throwing her a lifeline. She's not even five minutes in and the evening is already going downhill. Katniss gives him a tight smile before waving him off. "It's okay. I'm used to it. I rarely talk about my job because my friends zone out within seconds." He taps the stem of his wine glass casually. "I'm actually a pediatrician, so it's not boring to me at all." Katniss perks up at this information. "Really? You look so young." She immediately chastises herself for such saying such a stupid thing. "I mean, obviously, you're not old - not that all doctors are old - you just took me by surprise is all." She pauses, feeling as though she needs to say something witty to counteract all the ignorance that just fell out of her mouth. "I mean, if my pediatrician had looked like you, I would have never grown up!" She couldn't stop the words from coming out. They'd appeared in her head, sounding smart and even a little flirty, at the same time her filter and common sense forgot to mention they were going on a break. The corners of his lips quirk and his eyes sparkle in the midst of her dismay. Her cheeks are in full bloom now. Her phone rings inside her purse and she thanks the stars above for the momentary interruption. She needs a minute to gather her wits, if that's even possible. She digs the phone out quickly, Johanna's name flashing across the screen. "I just need to check this," she says, pointing at the device. She feels like thanking her friend for introducing her to a gorgeous doctor, then in the same sentence, scolding her friend for introducing her to a gorgeous doctor. She couldn't be any worse at dating if she tried. "Hello?" she answers in a hushed tone. "Katniss? Where are you? Gale called and said you're a no show." "Who's Gale?" Katniss asks, thoroughly confused. "Duh, my cousin? The guy you said you'd meet for dinner tonight?" Katniss's eyes widen in disbelief, dashing up to meet the curious one's of the guy sitting across from her, who is apparently not her date, and her heart vaults up into her throat and sticks the landing. The soft butterflies that had been drifting around in her belly suddenly morph into a hive of angry hornets. "Are you sure his name isn't Peeta?" she whispers hopefully, even though she knows he can hear her. "No, it's Gale. And he's at Teril's Bar and Grill thinking he's been stood up. Now are you on your way or not?" Teril's . Mortification clamps down on her like a pack of leeches. "Uh, yeah. Yeah, I'm on my way. Be there in a few." She ends the call, and it suddenly dawns on her, the severity of her mistake. "Oh my goodness!" she cries, slapping her hand on her forehead. "You were waiting for someone! And I just sat down, and, and - you're not him. And I'm not even in the right place…" Her chest is tight. Her arms are tingling. Her breath is short, mind racing. Is this what a heart attack feels like? She's too young to die! Peeta grins, but this time his eyes don't light up. "It's fine, Katniss. Don't worry about it. I was eating alone anyway." Eating alone? But, why? Not that she has any right to ask him that question now that she's intruded on his evening in the worst possible way. They weren't even supposed to meet, and the thought washes over Katniss like a bucket of cold water. Though they'd only had ten minutes of awkward smiles and terribly embarrassing (on her part) conversation, she couldn't imagine not knowing him. "I'm really so, so very sorry," she repeats as she begins to gather her things clumsily. Her phone slides from her hands onto the fancy carpet, and when she leans down to retrieve it, she bumps her head against the table, softly uttering a curse word. She needs to get out of there before she embarrasses herself even more. She digs out a twenty dollar bill and places it on the table. "For the wine." "It's not that much-" he starts to push the bill back to her but she stops him by placing her hand on his. At the touch, his gaze connects with hers so intensely she can feel the hornets calming, turning back into the