I had this idea after listening to a King George song one day. If you know George, then you'll recognize the title. It took me a week to put it together, but here it is - my take on Gale realizing Everlark is the shiznit. Okay, well, he doesn't go crazy for Everlark like we all do. He's obviously sane with no estrogen, but this is my version of how he comes to realize he has to let Katniss go. And thanks so much to some super sweet, encouraging gals that don't let me make one slip up in writing, and you should thank them, too, because they make it much better for y'all to read. That's right, I said "y'all". Bubblegum1425 and ct522 are amazing and I have no idea why they did it, but I'm so glad they let me in! My writing nights are much more fun because of them! And as always, thanks to inmyfavor, who reads my stuff and gives me feedback and ideas. They will be working hard when I start my next two fic's. I'm super excited about them... Now to the story. All hail Everlark! XXXXXXXXXXXXX Gale stepped off the train onto the platform. It had been a long time since he'd been back to District Twelve - fourteen months to be exact. He tried to tell himself the only reason he was here was to see how the rebuilding of his former home town was going. Gale had heard that many good things were happening in his old district, and he just had to see it for himself. Of course, the nagging thought that he tried pushing to the back of his mind was the fact he might see her . Katniss. It had been a year since Prim's death, a death for which he was partially to blame, or so Katniss believed. Had Gale known that the bombs he was building with Beetee would be used to target innocent children, he never would have had a hand in it. Had he known Katniss' younger sister would die because of it, Gale would have tried to halt the attack altogether, or at least direct its course to the more deserving Capitol residents. He knew he would seek Katniss out to say hello, so Gale hoped he had given her enough time to grieve the loss of Prim, and try to begin to forgive him. It seemed, to him, a lot to hope for. It was a brisk, fall day in District Twelve. Gale hugged his jacket tighter to his body as he stepped down off the platform and headed toward the main square. He wasn't sure exactly what he was expecting from the new construction, but he loved his old district and hoped everyone left alive was able to move on and build a better life, despite the massive losses from the war. Everyone lost something, if not everything. Gale may have saved his family and moved them to a new district, where they would have infinite opportunities for their future, but he couldn't forget Katniss Everdeen. He had tried a few times with other women. Beautiful women. There was no shortage of the opposite sex that wanted to get to know him better. There was even one relationship that had gotten serious, but ultimately he just couldn't pull the trigger without knowing where Katniss stood. However, he knew she might not want anything to do with him again. She was his best friend. The only person outside of work and his family that he had spent time with. They were from the same background, had the same hurts and losses, shared the same responsibilities for their siblings. They were cut from the same cloth. They were supposed to end up together, or so he had imagined. That was all before the reaping of the 74th Hunger Games - the same games Gale despised and worked so hard to put a stop to. But in the end, even though the Games didn't take her life, Gale still lost her because of them. Now he was back and more anxious than ever to find out if there was any hope at all for a future with Katniss. As he neared the newly rebuilt square there was only one thought on his mind. I hope it's not too late. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx When Gale entered the square, he couldn't believe the vision that met his eyes. It was the same square, the same shops and layout, but new. New and bright and happy . There was definitely something promising in the air. People were bustling around, going about their daily tasks with a smile with not the slightest hint of fear in their countenance. The sight of it chipped another piece off the hard block he'd been carrying around since the war ended. Of course, he knew it would all be worth it in the long run, but everytime he was able to witness the people of Panem patching up their broken lives, the block became a little lighter and easier to bear. Gale stopped in the middle of the square to take it all in, brick by brick. A sense of pride and gratefulness overwhelmed him as he remembered he was part of this. He helped to free these people and give them a chance at something new and different. "Gale!" A familiar voice interrupted his thoughts. He turned to see Thom making his way toward him, a huge grin on his face. "This is a nice surprise. I definitely wasn't expecting to see you here." Gale stuck his hand out to clasp the one Thom had offered on his approach. "Hey, man. How are you?" Thom pulled Gale in for a quick embrace and then stepped back to take him in. "You cleaned up nice in Two," Thom said, noting Gale's stylish attire. "Thanks, Thom," Gale replied, a blush coloring his cheeks as he noticed Thom's dirty and slightly torn work clothes. He felt a little foolish showing up in his home town wearing something that made him seem out of place. Maybe he should have thought this out a bit more. Thom seemed genuinely happy for him, but he knew others, or rather one other , may not see it that way. "The place looks real good. You've been working hard," Gale quickly tried to change the subject to something besides the way he looked. "Yeah, thanks. We're working on the new cobbler's store, and then we'll finish the square off with the tanner's shop. Just finished up Mellark's Bakery last week." Thom pointed in the direction of the shops as he mentioned them, ending at the bakery. It was all too familiar to him. It was the place where he and Katniss had traded squirrels to Mr. Mellark for any bread he would give them to feed their starving families. Mr. Mellark was always overly generous with his trades. The thought made Gale actually miss the man. He could see Peeta through the large front windows, wearing an apron and kneading something behind the counter, his wavy, blond hair disheveled and hanging down in his eyes. He looked a little older, a little worn, probably like Gale did himself. War will do that to a person. Thom kept on talking, oblivious to Gale's thoughts. "Peeta's been baking us bread every day since he got back to Twelve. I never thought I'd get to taste Mellark bread again after they bombed us, but we've been well fed." The mention of the bombing made Gale cringe inside, but he listened as Thom rattled off all the plans for the rest of the district. After about twenty minutes Gale excused himself, after telling Thom they needed to meet up for lunch and he would like to be shown around the new Twelve. But he was tired from the day's travel and needed to wash up and find some dinner. As he rounded the corner across from the bakery towards Victor's Village, where he would be staying for a few nights, it only became more obvious just how different Twelve had become. They can rebuild the same buildings and shops and homes, but the landscape can't be replaced. The trees, the grasses, the hills, the lanes had all been destroyed. It looked bare and a little desolate compared to the activity going on in town. There was one tree in particular he noticed the absence of. Gale's mind flashed back to a day he had been cleaning up from the mines. Everyone had been required to view the Hunger Games on television. He distinctly heard Katniss' voice in his head, recounting a story to Peeta in the cave about the time he had thrown her bread and saved her and her family's lives. A kiss had preceded the story. A kiss that gave rise to all sorts of raging demons that roiled with jealousy inside him. At the time he thought Peeta would surely die, and he would never have to contend with him again. But, dammit, Katniss had to go and save him and now he's across the square in his new bakery . Gale knew he shouldn't begrudge Peeta his life. He had been through far worse terror than Gale, but it still didn't sit right with him that Peeta had shared more kisses with Katniss than himself. He constantly tried to remind himself that it was just for show. None of it was real. He still had a chance. But there was a large part of him that wanted to prepare for the worst. That their relationship was, in fact, real. He would never know until he found out for himself. As he walked to one of the abandoned homes in Victor's Village, Gale glanced over at Katniss' home. It was now early evening and he could tell by the smoke ascending from the chimney that she was there, and he finally allowed himself to acknowledge why he was really back in Twelve. For her. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx After a hot shower, Gale dressed in his District Two clothes - nice khaki's and a light blue button down shirt. It was a far cry from what Katniss would surely be wearing, and part of him knew she would reject it. But, the other part of him wanted to show her what he had made of himself since the war. No more dirty finger nails and greasy hair, torn and grubby clothing, holes in his shoes with no socks to speak of. She could accept me this way , he thought. He pulled the door of his borrowed mansion closed behind him and headed across the lawn to a similar home at the end of the little village. Gale could see light coming from the downstairs windows now, as darkness had officially fallen. He stood in front of her home, apprehensive about finally taking this step. He'd thought about it for so long. It made him nervous to think it could all end in the next sixty seconds if she chose to shut the door in his face. But it could also be the beginning, and that was the thought Gale allowed residence in his mind as he ascended the two porch steps to the front door. With his fist raised, ready to knock on the door, he froze as he heard Katniss' voice through the open kitchen window. "Thank you for dinner. It was amazing, as always." "Anytime. I love cooking for you," a male voice replied. Gale couldn't see who the man was that was in Katniss' kitchen, but he didn't need to. The voice was recognizable enough. Peeta Mellark was in her house. He had made her dinner. Instantly, he turned and stepped off the porch, careful not to draw attention to himself. He needed to think a little more about his approach now that she wasn't alone. He'd been sure there wasn't anything between them. There couldn't be anything between them,