This drabble was born from real life while I was writing guidelines for something nonfiction and extremely boring, and I joked about adding a steamy scene to make it interesting. Katnissdoesnotfollowback suggested a boardroom drabble with Everlark on the conference table. "Done," I said. And like so many others, it became longer than intended. Thank you bunches to Titania522, KDNFB, and jamiesommers23 for their stellar beta skills. They polished this baby right up. The elevator doors opened and Katniss stepped in, punching the round button with the number 32 on it, making it glow a dingy yellow. "Hold that door!" Came a familiar voice and the sound of wingtips clacking across the marble floor of the building's lobby. Katniss pushed the appropriate button to keep the doors from closing, releasing it when the man slid past them and positioned his back to the elevator wall and faced forward. He set his briefcase down to adjust his tie, probably loosened from the exertion of his recent jog. "Late again, Mr. Mellark?" Katniss remarked smartly, keeping her eyes focused on the steel doors. It was this way every morning; she would arrive at the high rise where she worked at 7:25 sharp, and Peeta Mellark would inevitably call out for her to hold the doors promptly at 7:26. "It would seem that way, Miss Everdeen," Peeta responded back coolly. "I see you're multitasking; jogging in to work. You might want to think about splitting those two, since running and not showering can cause you to stink." "Actually, my girlfriend assured me I smelled wonderful when I left her apartment just minutes ago." Katniss dared a sideways glance, seeing his face lit up in an arrogant smirk, her stomach bottoming out. She blamed it on the sudden stop at their floor. "Have a nice day, Miss Everdeen," Peeta said politely, motioning for her to exit ahead of him. "You, too, Mr. Mellark," Katniss responded hastily, heading in the direction of her small office, grateful to put some space in between them. Katniss was head over Human Resources and there was plenty of work to be done; payroll needed to be approved, W2's needed to be updated, and insurance forms on the new employee she'd hired last week had been sitting untouched on her desk for three days. Katniss had learned over the last year that she'd worked with him that Peeta Mellark made it hard to do one's job. Hopefully today she could concentrate. When their boss, Mr. Abernathy, had brought him to her for his hiring paperwork, Katniss had to force her eyes away from him a few times, her Aunt Effie's pretentious voice ringing in her ears, reminding her that staring was never polite. She was thankful that Mr. Abernathy had left them alone and wasn't there to witness the tension she felt. Peeta didn't seem to notice, though. He was all smiles, friendly comments and polite handshakes. Every girl in the office had noticed him right off. He was dashingly handsome with a personality that could make an ugly man attractive; beautiful blue eyes, blond hair, broad shoulders, good dresser, liked by everyone in the office. Too well liked by some of the female persuasion, if you asked Katniss. The list of Peeta Mellark's adoring qualities could go on and on. Katniss had been nervous around him for the first few months. She'd never known anyone so open and caring, as he seemed to be. She kept waiting for the real Peeta to emerge, but he stayed consistent, surprising her that someone could be so genuine. She'd never met anyone like him. They exchanged pleasantries in the breakroom, and he would stop by her office with her favorite coffee at least once a week to talk about an overlapping matter between HR and legal, his department. They would end up talking for a few minutes about their personal lives. She had learned that he had two older brothers, his family owned a bakery, and he was captain of his wrestling team in high school. He always brought her coffee, but he got himself tea, no sugar. Sometimes she would wait until the copy/printer machine was in use to send her documents to the one down the hall, next to his office, so she could walk past the door that he always left open. She would ignore him, of course, and he would call to her and say something cute like "hi". A knock sounded on her half-opened door, breaking her out of her procrastinative daydream. Looking up she saw Peeta poke his head in. "Abernathy sent me to get you. He wants to see us." He stepped inside the door, shutting it softly behind him. "Together?" she asked anxiously. "Yeah," Peeta replied. Katniss rose from her seat, making her way to stand in front of him. "What do you think it's about?" she whispered, not wanting anyone walking past her closed door to hear. "I'm sure it's just about work. It's probably not about us." Peeta's words were reassuring, but his eyes betrayed his worries. "What if it's not? What if he knows?" Katniss continued to whisper her fears. "We'll be fired! It's against the rules." "It's a stupid rule if you ask me," he said, stepping closer and placing his hands on her upper arms. "And if he knows, then he knows. And if we get fired then we find other jobs." Katniss shrugged his hands off, stepping back. Part of her didn't want to, wanted to press her chest against his, let him wrap his arms around her and hold her, but the fear part was usually what she reacted to. "Not here," she scolded. "We agreed to play it safe, remember?" Peeta dropped his hands to his sides in defeat. "Katniss, the door is closed. It's okay if I touch your arm. It's not like I'm strewing papers onto the floor and laying you across your desk to kiss you senseless." His words made her stomach do a pleasant flip. How did he always get to her so easily? Sometimes she hated being weak for him, and right now was one of those times. "I know it's only been three months, but how long are we going to have to play it safe? What if we end up wanting more than just nights together?" Katniss balked at his question, and she knew he saw her hesitation. His blue eyes flashed hurt, but she had no idea how to comfort him. She didn't even know how to comfort herself. She hadn't thought any further than what they had been doing already; evenings out to dinner or casual strolls through the park. Recently they'd started watching movies at her apartment, which was closer to work than his. He'd even stayed over a few times after they'd fallen asleep on the couch together, bellies full of pepperoni pizza. She wasn't the biggest fan of marriage. She had witnessed at a young age the heartbreak of losing someone you loved. Her mother lost her father to an work related accident when she was twelve, and her mother had spent two years recovering, barely able to eat and rarely showering or doing any hygienic tasks. Katniss had to learn how to cook, do laundry, clean and take care of her little sister, all while trying to get her mother to come back to them. When Katniss was fourteen, she gave up on ever having the mother she'd had before her father died. She didn't want to go through what her mother went through. "You know what, now isn't the time. I'm sorry, I shouldn't have brought it up. I'll see you in Abernathy's office," Peeta said, looking away from her. Katniss detected sadness and a hint of frustration in his tone. Before she could say anything, Peeta had vacated her office, closing the door behind him. Katniss entered Mr. Abernathy's office, noticing Peeta hadn't made it there yet. "You wanted to see me, Sir?" Katniss asked formally, as if she were entering the principal's office. "Yes, Katniss, have a seat," he instructed, pointing to one of two wingback chairs in front of his desk then turning his attention back to a stack of papers in front of him. Katniss could see the large, bolded letter of the document's title at the top of the page, 'Policies & Procedures'. Her stomach lurched and she rubbed her now sweaty palms on her tweed pencil skirt. "What are we meeting about today?" Katniss asked, crossing her legs, and trying to seem calm. Mr. Abernathy glanced up from the document briefly, then back down. "Let's wait for Peeta. Then I'll explain it all," he replied simply. There was nothing in his tone to tell her one way or the other, and she silently cursed Peeta for being late. She hated the stress of not knowing if she was being fired. "Sorry I'm late," Peeta announced as he entered the office, strolling over to the chair beside Katniss. She tried to catch his eye, to warn him what was coming, but he wouldn't look at her. They had agreed to being distant at the office, trying to keep their personal connection hidden from co-workers and their boss. They would address each other as Mr. and Miss, which Katniss assumed would be cold and distant. She'd had no idea how hot it would sound coming from him. They would only make eye contact if they needed to speak about work, and they would never touch. Touching in any form was saved for when they were completely alone. But this, Peeta completely ignoring her, was different. He'd never done that. They were always, at the very least, cordial in front of others. Mr. Abernathy must have noticed. "Brrrrr," he said, his eyes flickering back and forth between them, then back to the document. "Alright, let's get down to business." Katniss stomach knotted up and she closed her eyes, waiting for the verbal pink slip. "Katniss, Peeta, we need to update our policies and procedures for the company. It's been a few years and we need to make sure we're complying with new laws and such. I would like you work together on this." Katniss' eyes burst open in relief. They weren't being fired? Katniss let out a deep, silent breath, relaxing her shoulders that had tensed up when Mr. Abernathy began speaking. The rest of the meeting went by quickly, both Peeta and Katniss having minimal questions and Mr. Abernathy needing to get to another meeting. They excused themselves and quietly made their way down the maze of halls that led in the direction of their offices. Peeta continued his silent treatment and Katniss, not knowing what else to do, let him. They reached her office first, and Peeta kept walking without so much as a 'see you later'. "Peeta?" Katniss called after him before he could get too far away. He turned, his eyes seeming disinterested. "When do you want to start working on this?" Her voice sounded more desperate than she'd meant it to, but she had never seen him this way, and the guilt she felt from their earlier altercation was heavy knowing that's what was bothering him. "Whenever," was his brief reply. "Just let me know what you decide." With that, he turned and walked back to his office. Katniss couldn't help feeling that his statement was about more than their assignment. Katniss glanced exasperatedly through the stack of papers for the third time that day. Legal matters were not her forte. She was trying to have a few notes and ideas ready for their meeting, but she ended up having more questions than anything. Not to mention it was just so, so... boring . Katniss rubbed her temples and leaned her head back on the headrest of her expensive leather office chair. She could possibly use a little help deciphering some of this jargon. She was so tired of reading the phrases 'adhere to',