Summary - Katniss Everdeen finally gets her chance to win the gold medal she's always dreamed of, but when her partner's boneheaded move gets him disqualified from competition, Katniss has to rely on his replacement to help her win, and that's a problem. Whether or not Peeta Mellark is as good as her old partner isn't in question. It's whether they can put aside their mutual hatred long enough to compete together. Before you get started, I have to thank some very important girls who spent a lot of time combing through tons of words, and rewrites with even more words, and just giving their all to make sure I didn't submit pure trash for my first S2SL. To Burkygirl, Xerxia31, and Katnissdoesnotfollowback, your patience and edits were a saving grace! And I cannot forget the wonderfully talented akai-echo for making the perfect banner! Thank you to the organizers of this great cause, and allowing writers to be able to help in the fight against childhood cancer. Now to the story... Trigger warning for some crass comments and language, sparsely interjected. (about 6 F bombs) Also, rated M for sexual content. Hope you enjoy! Pbg "No!" Katniss protested angrily, stomping her foot and tucking her arms securely across her chest in agitation. She was feeling more panicked than anything, but she didn't want that to show. Better to display anger than weakness, in her opinion. "No way, Haymitch!" "That's not your call, Sweetheart. And it's Coach Abernathy to you," he corrected her. "Besides, it's already done." "You couldn't have asked me first?" Katniss cried, flinging her arms in the air, then letting them drop to her sides. Her fists balled up tight, nails digging into flesh, and she squinted so hard at him she could almost feel the sharp daggers leaving her eyes. Her long-time coach sat down in the chair behind his desk and leaned forward, leveling her with a hard gaze as his chair swiveled slightly. He had been like an uncle to her. A very grouchy, sometimes infuriating uncle, but they'd been together since Katniss started the sport. "Should I be referring to you as coach now?" Katniss rolled her eyes. "Look, that boy is your best chance at snagging a gold medal at the Games this year, so don't stand there and give your coach ," he raised his voice to stress the words so she would know he meant business, "the third degree." " Gale is my best chance at the winning the gold, not Peeta Mellark!" she hollered as she started to pace the small room. The State of Panem was divided into thirteen districts, and every four years the best athletes from each district were invited to Capitol City for an elaborate competition that spanned an entire month. Ever since Katniss was a little girl she'd watched the games on television with her father. Together, they saw the winners be congratulated with shiny medals around their necks, saw their respectable notoriety in parades and on talk shows, and heard rumors of the residual incomes they would earn for the rest of their lives. There wouldn't be another chance for four years, and by then, who knew what new talent would come along. "Well, if you can hop in a time machine and go back six weeks and tell that idiot not to take the 'roids, then I'll agree with you. But since you can't, this is what's happening. Get used to it and maybe try to put a smile on your face." He paused thoughtfully. "On second thought, don't." Katniss narrowed her eyes in contempt and her scowl deepened. "I don't need you pulling a facial muscle or some shit. You know, since you never use those." "Don't worry," she snapped. There was no chance in hell was she going to be smiling any time soon. Katniss wanted to kill Gale Hawthorne. If he hadn't taken performance enhancing drugs she wouldn't be in this predicament. A new rule allowing the random testing of athletes prior to the games had come into effect this year, and Gale had thought he'd slink by unscathed with only weeks to go. Now she's been left high and dry, relying on a partner she didn't trust to get her the prize she'd dreamed of since she was a little girl. Katniss clenched her fists again, digging her nails into her palms even harder to keep from screaming. Damn him! Coach Abernathy took a swig of something clear that looked like water, but smelled more like it could kill a person, before grumbling, "What's your problem with him anyway?" Then he waved his hand dismissively. "Doesn't matter. It's all been arranged, Sweetheart, so forget about it and get rested. We leave tomorrow." With that, he left her standing in his office, fuming with rage. How was she going to spend two whole weeks with Peeta Mellark? She could barely stomach being in the same school building with him four years ago and now, not only would she have to play on the same team as her high school enemy, she would have to share living quarters with him as well. The apartment they would be living in had separate bedrooms, but that was only a slight consolation. Katniss breathed deeply and rubbed her temples. Her head felt like it was about to explode. If she could just make it through the next two weeks, win the gold medal she'd wanted since she started playing the game, she could walk off that podium with her back to Peeta and never have to see him again. Just before rounding the corner on her way to history, Katniss heard her name and stopped short. " ...can't blame him. She's hot," the voice said. Her face warmed. Someone thought she was hot? She'd never considered herself anything of the sort, and hearing another person talk about her like that didn't really sit well with her. But curiosity had her rooted in place. " Yeah," another male voice agreed. "But he just wants to get in her pants." She sucked in a breath, clapping her hand over her mouth as the voice continued. "I caught him saying her name while jerking off in the shower after practice." The other boy let out a low hiss, while Katniss's temper flared and her insides churned. " He wants to ask her to prom." " Think she'll say yes? Maybe he'll loosen her up and get something out of her." Both of them chuckled. " Not likely, besides…" She couldn't listen to anymore, and the voice trailed off as Katniss darted down the hall, away from the boys and into the ladies restroom. Katniss sat on the edge of the sandy court their first day in Capitol. The already stifling morning sun beat down on her olive skin as she stretched her limbs, trying not to look at Peeta Mellark doing the same only a few feet away. She may have to do what her coach told her, but she didn't have to be happy about it. As far as she was concerned she was getting the raw end of the deal. Peeta was the one who was going to benefit from being partnered with her. He could play. There was no doubt about that. But was he serious enough about the game to go for broke? All her hopes and dreams were on the line. This could be her only chance. One thing was for sure, if he slacked off at all, he was going to get an earful from her. She wasn't about to let Peeta get in the way of reaching her dream. "Ready?" Peeta asked gruffly as he repeatedly drilled the volleyball into the floor like a basketball. "What did that ball ever do to you..." she muttered under her breath. "Come again?" "Ready," she answered, jumping up and smiling at him with thinly veiled contempt. "Let's start with-" "How about you don't call the shots since you're a stand in, alright?" Katniss interrupted, folding her arms across her chest in superiority. No way in hell was she going to let him tell her what to do. The only person she listened to was her coach, and the ice beneath his feet became thinner with every second she had to be around Peeta. He glared at her, then stripped his shirt over his head, leaving him only in the red practice shorts that matched her own gear. She startled at the motion, trying not to gape at his tanned, chiseled abs and a dusting of light hairs that trailed from his bellybutton down into his shorts. She sucked in a breath and forced her eyes away, exhaling in hopes of blowing out the small flame that had just been lit from within. What was that? She saw Gale without a shirt on pretty much daily and it never had the effect Peeta's bare chest was having on her now. And he was a pervert. A really, really good looking pervert with clear, ocean-colored eyes and a smile that could melt the panties off a woman who was into that kind of guy. Which she wasn't. Still, Katniss couldn't deny Peeta was even more handsome than he'd been back in high school. He had filled out in his chest and arms. His hair was golden and shiny from constantly being in the sun. Katniss would liken it to a halo except for the fact that she knew his true identity - he should be holding a pitchfork and sprouting a tail with a barb at the end. She hadn't realized her eyes had drifted back to him until he spoke. His tone was full of indifference and made Katniss wonder if he cared at all about winning. "Why don't you call the shots then?" She ripped her gaze from his pecs to his face, where she saw an arrogant smirk quirk up the corners of his devilish lips. Her eyes still hadn't reached his when he cleared his throat, pointing two fingers at the bright blue of his irises. "Eyes up here." Katniss's face flamed with embarrassment at being caught staring, quickly shrouding it in anger. She said the first thing that came to mind. "In your dreams, Mellark." Peeta spun the ball on his pointer finger, the smirk still in place, looking her dead in the eye. "No thanks. I've had those dreams already." "So I've heard," Katniss retorted without missing a beat. Peeta's eyes narrowed and the smirk dissolved, but before he could ask her what she meant, Coach Abernathy appeared, folding his arms over his chest as he eyed them both curiously. "Let's get to work, team ," he barked, raising one eyebrow in obvious question at his use of the word. Katniss seethed, and she wasn't sure whether it was from the word Coach used, or the implication that he didn't believe she could cooperate. She whipped her t-shirt off, tossing it aside to reveal her practice uniform - a red, t-back sports bra and tiny, matching shorts - and stomped out onto the court. She wondered if she was having the same irritating effect that he was having on her, though she couldn't stand to look at his face for confirmation. They set to work. The rest of the morning was spent running drills and drinking twice their body weight in water to keep hydrated. Every time Katniss took a drink she had to face away from Peeta so she could keep her traitorous eyes from following the droplets of sweat making their way over his pecs and down his abs. She dabbed a towel at her neck and chest, both of which were drenched with her own perspiration, cutting her eyes at him when she caught him watching her. He shook his head at her and turned away. The tension between them was thick. Neither spoke to the other unless it was to ridicule form or scoff at