A/N: Thank you a TON to my awesome friends and betas, bubblegum1425, who had to do massive amounts of edits when I would slip into past tense, ct522, who sweetly points out when I switch POV's, and inmyfavor for reading and assuring me it didn't suck! This would be terrible if it weren't for them. Standing in a heinously long line at the mall so her four year old daughter can ask Santa for a particular toy that she can't even begin to afford isn't exactly Katniss's idea of quality time. Skye had asked for a very expensive doll for Christmas, and when Katniss had explained to her that there wasn't enough money this season for her to buy the doll, and that maybe she would get it for her birthday, Skye had responded with a bright idea. " I can ask Santa for it, Mommy! He brings toys to all the children that have been good, right?" Katniss balked at the question. She had never once mentioned Santa to Skye, not wanting to indulge her child in unnecessary fairy tales of fictional do-gooders that bring delight to children all over the world, when in reality Katniss knew her meager income could never support such a fantasy. Katniss would like to meet the person who put those ideas into her daughter's head so she could give them a piece of her mind. " Skye, sweetie," Katniss was cautious in her tone so as not to burst the bubble her daughter was slowly inflating with hope. "Where did you hear about Santa?" Skye's steely eyes brightened at her mother's seeming admission that a rosy-cheeked, white-bearded man, whose belly jiggled like a "bowlful of jelly", as the story went, did, in fact, exist to do her bidding at Christmas. " Teacher told us today that Santa brings toys to all the children in the world who have been good this year, and we better keep our hands to ourselves and walk in a straight line if we want to wake up and find a present from him on Christmas morning." Skye rigidly pointed her finger, shaking it up and down with her hand on her hip when she repeated Miss Cartwright's words to the class, obviously imitating what she had seen. Then, she continued rattling on about how good she had been at school since her teacher shared these important facts. This information was unpleasant for Katniss to hear, but she noticed the girl's face became serious, and Skye grew quiet. "What is it, Skye?" Katniss whispered as she tipped the little girl's chin to look up at her. " Mommy, Santa brings lumps of coal to the kids who are bad." Skye paused, her eyes earnestly seeking approval with her next question. "Do you think I've been good? Will Santa leave me coal?" Skye's face looked like she was holding back a waterfall of tears at the thought of receiving black rocks as a Christmas gift. " Sweetie, of course you've been good! You are always a good girl, and Santa would be crazy to have you on his naughty list!" Katniss realized the moment the words came out of her mouth she had messed up. " Yes!" Skye shouted, throwing her arms up in the air. "So that means Santa will bring me my doll?" Her face lit up with more joy in that moment than Katniss had experienced in a long while, and as she began to jump up and down in circles, cheering gleefully that Santa was the greatest. Katniss knew she didn't have it in her to deny her daughter this wish. She would have to find a way to get this doll. Now, thanks to Mrs. Cartwright, Katniss found herself waiting in a way too long line with a hyperactive four year old anxiously bouncing on her feet in anticipation of her meeting with Santa. How many gifts are they allowed to ask him for? she wonders to herself as she counts the children in front of her. Twenty-six. Twenty-six more kids to get through. "How much longer, momma? I'm hungry," Skye whines. "Probably longer than we want, sweetheart," Katniss replies truthfully, letting go of the girl's hand to retrieve a bag of goldfish crackers from her purse. Skye munched on the snack, and Katniss was grateful she had a distraction. She had been asking since they left the house if Katniss thought Santa would have any of the dolls left that she wants. Katniss assured her every time that, yes, Santa has plenty of those dolls in his workshop. Katniss has never been a believer in Santa, so she hopes she does the stories justice. She had never really listened to any of them growing up. Santa didn't exist for the poverty-stricken, and Katniss had realized that at a young age. Thirty minutes pass, and they move closer to their jolly destination at a painfully slow pace. Katniss uses the time to think of how she's going to acquire this doll. Oh, why can't Santa be real? She thought to herself. That sure would solve my dilemma… maybe I should send the bill to Miss Cartwright? The stress of not letting Skye down on Christmas morning had been weighing on her heavily. As she tapped her chin thinking about which bills that could be paid late, there was a commotion ahead of them that brought Katniss back to reality. "This is ridiculous!" a blonde-headed, busty mom yells at one of the elves, swinging her shopping bag-laden arms in a wildly expressive manner, almost hitting a few people near her in the process. "How much time do you really need to give each kid? Tell them to say what they want, get the picture and then get them out of there! This is taking entirely too long! I have places to be!" My thoughts exactly, Katniss silently agrees. Although the woman's spoiled behavior is unnecessary, Katniss can't help but think there should be more effort to get the families through the line quicker. There are many irritable toddlers awaiting their turn with St. Nick, and she know she can't be the only person in line wishing she didn't have to hear the temper tantrums associated with children trying to learn patience. The elf motions for security to come over, although, Katniss notes, the short, pixie-haired girl looks as if she wants to take care of it herself, as the woman won't stop harassing her about getting the line moving faster. The burly, dark-skinned security guard kindly asks her to calm down, which has the opposite effect, making the blonde even angrier, and as a result, the guard asks her to leave the line, but not before Katniss notices the elf whisper something that only Malibu Mom can hear. She stomps away, giving the elf a one finger salute and the dirtiest look she can muster, dragging her screaming and kicking toddler behind, her perfect blond curls bouncing up and down her back. Well at least we're a little closer, Katniss thinks as she huffs out a breath, trying to blow away a strand of hair that has fallen out of her braid into her face. Katniss points in the direction at the front of the line as she says to her daughter excitedly, "Skye, look! I see Santa!" Skye jumps up and down, clapping her hands together with renewed vigor. "It won't be long now, sweetie." Katniss pats Skye on the back triumphantly, grateful that this part of their day is almost over. As they come closer to the front, Katniss finds that she can't seem to stop watching Santa. He is mesmerizing. She notices how he takes his job very seriously, laughing and entertaining the children's questions and making cute conversations with them. He plays his role very well, doting on every one of the kids. Katniss thinks that if she were given more time to observe him, he might actually make a believer out of her. He has the bluest eyes, a color so vivid and bright she thinks they could bring light to her darkest dreams. As Katniss searches his features, she notices how young the part of his face looks that isn't covered by white fluff. She can't quite put a number on his age, but she is willing to bet he can't be older than Skye's father, Gale, who had left for the Middle East shortly after Skye's birth, when Katniss had realized pregnancy wasn't a good enough reason for her to marry someone she wasn't in love with. Gale had been upset for a while, but eventually, he'd realized Katniss was never going to be his and not wanting to put his life on hold any further, had joined the military, where he was subsequently given an assignment overseas. He is as much a part of Skye's life as he can be, mostly through Skype and gifts in the mail for birthdays and holidays, but it's usually just Skye and Katniss on their own. Katniss realizes she's been caught staring when Santa's sapphire orbs lock onto hers like magnets. She looks away quickly, pretending to fidget with Skye's coat. As their turn approaches Katniss begins to feel nervous about meeting Santa. He did just catch her gawking at him like a stalker, but everyone is staring at him, not just her. So why does she feel butterflies? That moment of thought brings her to a conclusion - there was something about the way he looked back at her that was the cause. "We're next, mommy!" Skye's excited voice breaks Katniss from her anxious musings. "Yes, we are, sweetie." Katniss tries to sound as enthusiastic as Skye looks but comes up short. Yes. We. Are. One of Santa's elves motions them forward as the little boy that was ahead of Skye hops off Santa's lap and runs toward his mother. "Santa said I've been good, mommy!" His mother smiles and hugs him, nodding her head in agreement with Santa's assessment. "And what is your name?" Katniss hears the same elf from the confrontation earlier addressing Skye. "My name is Skye. What's yours?" "Well, Skye," she says, loud enough for Santa to hear, "My name is Jo. Are you ready to meet Old Saint Nick?" Jo speaks in a slightly bored manner, eyeing the long line and checking her watch while popping chewing gum in the side of her cheek. Skye doesn't pick up on the girl's hasty demeanor, so entranced is she by the sight of the man who is going to bring her the doll she so desperately wants. Katniss can't help but wonder who hires this kind of person to work with children, or why this girl, who is clearly not interested in making children's dreams come true, would willingly do this. Jo motions for them to follow her the short distance onto the platform, where Santa is situated in his plush, high-backed, red velvet chair rimmed with gaudy, ornate scrolling arms. It looks like the kind of chair the Queen of England would use in her throne room. "Skye, my darling girl! It's so good to see you!" His clear, boyish voice confirms Katniss' earlier thoughts about his age, but Santa emits a warmth that has both Skye and Katniss enraptured, although she's loathe to admit it. He hugs the little girl to him and picks her up easily, settling her on his left knee. Skye's face is mesmerized, not believing that this is really happening, and she seems at a loss for words, her mouth gaping open and eyes shining. "Have you been a good little girl this year?" Santa breaks her out of the trance, and she begins to converse with him as if they are old friends. "Mommy says yes, but I did punch Cato Larson in the stomach for smashing my sandwich with his hand at lunch yesterday." Skye looks down, saddened by her actions, thinking she may not get the doll now. "I'm