Thank you to katnissdoesnotfollowback, titania522 and bubblegum1425 for betaing this drabble request. It's a bit long to be called a drabble, but we'll just go with it. :) My warning here is that Gale is kind of a butt in the beginning. But it gets better! I always give Gale an HEA when I can. Okay, except for that one fic, but to be fair, it's in my head, just not on paper. Or screen. Practice was rough. The heat and humidity of September in the south never failed to cause someone on the team to cramp up, or worse, pass out from dehydration. Gale loved football but he lived for practices and games in cooler weather, when leaning over with your hands on your knees just meant you were taking a breather instead of unloading your guts. Gale was considering skipping the shower and heading straight to the pool, even if he would be a little early for the party, hosted at Madge Undersee's very posh, off campus residence that night. A cool dip sounded perfect just about now. He was lucky to be invited since he and Madge had a nasty break up in the spring. She'd accused him of having feelings for his best friend, Katniss Everdeen. He was always taking calls from her in the middle of their dates, and when Madge had glimpsed one of his text threads to her, she'd griped about how overly friendly they were. He denied it, of course. What was he supposed to do? Tell her he was just having some fun until the girl he'd always pictured himself settling down with got over her aversion to marriage? Madge had finally pulled the plug on the relationship when Katniss paid Gale a surprise visit last April to come check out the school for her freshman year. She found Gale and Madge in his dorm room, and when Madge introduced herself, Katniss curiously looked at Gale and said, "You didn't tell me you had a girlfriend?" Needless to say, Madge texted him an overly 'unfriendly' message about how he could 'suck it' and 'she'd had better'. He was 'worse than a douche, at least a douche was hard', and his personal favorite, 'be sure and get Katniss a giant vibrator since your limp noodle won't do her any favors'. Even though Gale knew Madge was just letting off angry steam, it's never good for a guy's confidence to hear you can't please a girl. It didn't matter anymore, though. He was single, (hopefully not for long), and Katniss was there. He hadn't seen much of her since she was busy adjusting to her schedule and making a few friends. They'd made plans to hang out playing darts soon, a past time Gale had never, nor would ever, beat her at. She wanted to attend all the home football games, and Gale had secured two season tickets for her. Plus, they were going hunting again, just like old times. Their dads had been hunting friends, both of them teaching their eldest children the craft. The younger siblings had no interest, and when life became busy and the older men stopped hunting as much, Gale and Katniss would go out, just the two of them. He was ready for that again. He winced, remembering the first time they'd been hunting together alone, his senior year and her sophomore one. Gale had liked her for a while, and he thought she liked him, too. She laughed at his jokes, hung out at his house every weekend, and voluntarily played with his little sister, Posey. When they sat down to spread their blanket and unpack lunch under a cluster of pine trees, Gale sat down next to her, his leg touching hers. Katniss didn't move, just smiled at him happily, so Gale thought she was okay with what he was about to do. He stilled her hand as it rose to her mouth, sandwich ready for the eating, and leaned in to kiss her. The touch of their lips was pure heaven to him, but what followed was pure agony. He never saw her fist coming, right to the nose. Katniss apologized, though it was after she had sufficiently griped him out. What was he thinking? Did he want to ruin their friendship? How long had he thought of her that way, and why would a best friend keep that kind of thing a secret? She'd said it all so angrily that Gale had to suppress his feelings for the next two years. Thankfully, there were a few girls willing to help him through the torture. Shaking his head to rid the memories, Gale toweled off, dressed, and grabbed his duffel bag, bidding his teammates farewell. He would probably see a handful of them poolside tonight. Hopefully not Mellark , he thought. Peeta Mellark was the one guy on the team that Gale couldn't stand. He was popular, good looking, or so he'd heard from all the girls who wanted to date him, although Gale would never agree. Peeta was also the star receiver for the team. He redshirted as a freshman, while Gale had ridden the bench for two years. It was infuriating how he seemed to be handed everything on a silver platter. During practices, Gale had to defend against Peeta. He really was a good football player, as much as Gale hated to admit it. Gale was a better player because of Peeta Mellark's talent. He was smart, quick and naturally athletic, and a nice enough guy, which made Gale hate him all the more. The trash talking between them in practices was usually because of Gale. That's where he took out most of his frustrations. That and tackling. Gale fell into the seat of his car, his legs too tired from hack squats to let him down gently. He smiled as he noticed a message from Katniss. I got a ride from my dorm mate. Don't worry about picking me up! See you there. Gale's smile faded. He had wanted some time alone with her before they got to the party. He was pretty sure she hadn't met any of the guys from the team, and he wanted to fill her in on their playboy quarterback, Finnick Odair. The guy was nice but as philandering as they came. He'd seen Finnick out many nights of the week, and never with the same girl twice. Gale was sure Katniss would never hook up with a guy like that, but he didn't think it would be fair not to warn her. After driving to his place and taking a power nap, Gale climbed back in his '86 Bronco and drove straight to Madge's place. He didn't know who Katniss' dorm mate was, so he couldn't tell if they'd arrived yet, but a quick scan told him that Finnick was already there, and by the sounds of splashing and giggling as he drew closer to the backyard, so were plenty of girls. Rounding the corner of the house, Gale grimaced when he saw Peeta sitting around the fire pit on the patio with Finnick and a few others from the team, beers in hand already. The only seat open was next to Mellark and he'd rather not sit there. "Gale! Over here," Finnick motioned for him to take the empty seat in their cozy circle. Gale smiled a tight smile while cringing inwardly. No way out of this until Katniss gets here, he thought, plopping down into the heavy metal chair. Checking his watch, he looked around, surveying the scene. There were some pretty stacked girls in string bikinis launching themselves off the diving board, swimming around like mermaids and giggling like silly school girls. The kind of girls he used to like to have fun with, but not the kind he would bring home to his mother. That was Katniss' place, and his mother already approved of her. Removing his eyes from the pool area, Gale noticed Katniss walk into the back yard with the girl he guessed was her roommate. She was cute, but looked a little intimidating with her short spiky hair and defined arms. "Katniss!" Gale called, raising his arm so she would see him. She waved and strode over with her friend, stopping next to him. "Gale, hey. This is my roommate, Johanna. Johanna, Gale, my best friend from home." "You didn't tell me your best friend looked like that," Johanna said, wagging her eyebrows at Gale. "Okay, he looks like that," Katniss said sarcastically, pointing to Gale. "He's hot," Johanna said loud enough for all to hear. "Gross, Jo, he's like my brother." Gale had no idea how to handle either of the girls' comments. Neither one of them were very pleasing to him at the moment. "I'm right here, you know," he said mildly, giving them both questioning looks. On the one hand, the roommate was a looker, and he was flattered she thought so highly of him. But on the other hand, Katniss was standing there and he didn't want her to think he would be interested in Johanna. He wanted to make something work between them, even though right now he felt like throwing her into the pool after that 'gross' comment. "Aren't you going to introduce us to your friends, hottie?" Johanna directed to Gale, her eyes roaming his company. "Yes, I'll introduce you," Finnick said, standing up and extending his hand for Johanna to shake. He beamed his million dollar, panty dropping smile that he used on every other pretty female. Gale became nervous when Finnick introduced himself to Katniss, taking her hand in his and pulling it close enough to plant a kiss on the back of it. "Enchante, mon cherie," he said, never taking his eyes from Katniss' face. Gale's nerves faded when Katniss' expression took on boredom, pulling her hand away and wiping the back of it on her shorts. Gale stood, continuing the introductions, a stunned Finnick sinking into his seat. "Well, you just met Finnick, and this is Thresh, Cato, and Thom. Oh, and this is Peeta," he added quickly, as though he hadn't seen him sitting there. He noticed Peeta staring at Katniss a little too long for his liking. Gale sensed something in his eyes, directed towards Katniss, that he understood but which didn't please him at all. Peeta was attracted to her, that much anyone could see. Well, Gale couldn't blame the guy. She was hot. Small and slender, but with legs that looked like they went on forever underneath her frayed denim shorts. She had an effortless look to her; long, hair the color of dark, roasted chestnuts, flawless olive skin and eyes like molten mercury. There had been a fair share of guys that had their eyes on Katniss all through high school, but they always thought she and Gale had been together, so it was never a problem. "Can I get you two ladies something to drink?" Peeta asked, standing up and shaking hands with both girls. Gale thought he hung on to Katniss' longer than necessary, and he rolled his eyes at Peeta's offer. Of course he would volunteer to play host in a place where he was a guest. Always chivalrous and all that fluffy crap. Gale scoffed to himself. Katniss wouldn't fall for that. "How about I'll come with you and help?" Katniss chimed in at Peeta's offer. Gale's eyebrows shot up at the familiarity Katniss seemed to show Peeta. "No, Kat, take a load off. I'll go with Peeta and bring you something back," Gale said, rushing to stand and beat Peeta into the house. Before he could take a step, he felt a hand on his arm. Turning around he saw it was Johanna's. "Let them go. You stay here and chat with me," she said boldly. Wow, this girl don't play , he thought. It made him uncomfortable in front of Katniss, but before he could