WARNING - Descriptive canoodling ahead. Rated M. Stuck again. I curse the landlord of my piece of crap dwelling place loud enough for the neighbors to hear, and let out my frustrations by beating on the door to my apartment a few times. It swells in summer, and I have to kick it in most days just to let myself inside. Apartments are expensive in the city and I settled for something cheap hoping that it would only be temporary, so that I could save most of the life insurance money I collected from my family after their deaths. One of these days I want to move us out to the suburbs, but I'm not sure how my girlfriend, Katniss, would take it if she learned my future plans involved marriage to her, a house full of Mellark babies with her dark hair, olive skin or platinum eyes, and a two story house with a wrap around porch, complete with a picket fence. Maybe a tire swing hanging from a huge oak in the front yard. The vision is enough to make me smile despite our current living conditions. When I finally manage to wedge the door open, the stifling air chokes me. If my apartment was a person, it would be giving me the finger. The air conditioner is busted and the indoors offers us zero relief from the rapidly warming temperatures of May. The ceiling fans are whirring at full speed in both the living room and the tiny bedroom Katniss and I share, but she's nowhere to be found. I see the window in our bedroom is shoved all the way to the top. The curtains billow angrily, caught in the competing currents of air created by the ceiling fan and the humid breeze outside. My heart bottoms out of my chest, just like when I found Katniss out there yesterday. It was hot as balls in the apartment and she claimed she needed some fresh air. It unnerved me to a degree I hadn't felt since I lost my family twelve years ago when my childhood home caught on fire. After I'd finally coaxed her inside with her favorite bakery treat, I immediately sought out our Scraggly-haired, half-drunk Super, trying to light a fire under his ass to get the thing fixed. My mind swirls with morbid thoughts, making me dizzy. I hope she hasn't done it again. The fear of losing another person I love is real and gripping, and right in front of me. My hurried footsteps across the wood floor are met with a loud banging under my feet and a muffled cry of 'keep it down up there!'. I've never been quiet on my feet. I've been told I couldn't surprise a deaf person from behind, and old man Cray never lets me forget it. At least once a day he's pounding on his ceiling, calling for peace and quiet. He's an ornery jackass, but I stop in the middle of the room and kick off my shoes off in an attempt to pacify him. My tread is still solid even without them, but for now I don't care. I just want to find Katniss. I miss her every minute we're not together, and from the time I get off work, I'm counting down the minutes until she's in my arms. Sometimes I lay awake at night, while she sleeps next to me, and I still can't believe my good fortune. Her ex was such an idiot to have let her go. He cheated and lied. Couldn't keep it in his pants and almost ruined Katniss's future trust in any man. They'd been friends since childhood, said it was expected of them to be together. His deception blindsided her like a bullet train, and she would barely give me the time of day when we first met. But I kept coming around, breaking down those walls. I can see what that peckerhead wouldn't. She's the best thing that's happened to me. Poking my head through the confusing mass of sheer fabric, I rest my palms on the sill of the window and peek outside. I swallow down the panic threatening to spill out in a string of loud curses when I see Katniss is there again, on the ledge, legs hugged to her chest. Wisps of hair blow across her sun-kissed cheek and forehead, and there's a distant look on her face. "Hey," I say with a cautious whisper, trying not to scare her. It frightens me to see her out there, but I don't want to transfer those feelings to her in case she panics and freezes up, afraid of falling to her death. "What are you doing out here?" Her eyes meet mine, and even though the situation has my insides screaming at her to come in, for just a moment they take a back seat to the fact that I get to be with the most beautiful woman alive. I can forget just about anything but her. She has that effect on me. "Just thinking," she says, her eyes turning back to sweep the skyline in the fading afternoon sunlight. Mine flit down to the concrete sidewalk and iron fence that encase our building where she would surely meet her end if she fell. I swallow hard again in an effort to keep my stomach down. I want to reach out and grab her. Yank her in and admonish her for scaring me. Then kiss her senseless, show her how much she means to me and beg her never to do this again. "About?" I whisper, still treading lightly on my fears. "Why are you whispering?" she whispers back playfully. "I didn't want to scare you," I reply, my volume slowly returning to normal. "I'm actually kind of freaked that you're out here." I laugh weakly, hoping the vague reference to my discomfort coaxes her off the ledge. I'm just seconds from embarrassing myself with a load of pleading and crying hiding just beneath the thin exterior of calm I'm trying to keep. "Peeta, you kicked the door to our apartment in, and I counted the steps you took from there to here... Fourteen ," she tells me with a glint in her eye. It's not the first time Katniss has teased me about having lead feet. "Come out here with me." She holds her arm out for me, beckoning me with her soft, glowing skin and playful fingertips. "Katniss, it's ten floors up and I'm about as balanced as I am silent when I walk," I joke. But my stomach is rife with anxiety that she wants me to join her out there , rather than she join me in here . Here, where there isn't very far to fall. I'd much prefer for us to fall into our bed than to our deaths, and I tell her as much. She laughs. I would get lost in the sound of it save for our situation. "Peeta, this ledge is plenty wide for you to come and sit next to me," she says, patting the cement holding up her lithe frame. It's true. It is a wider ledge than most apartment buildings have, but that doesn't lessen the dread that something awful is likely to happen. "Come on," she says with an innocent smile and the same voice she uses to murmur into my ear when our bodies tug and slide against each other at night. I'm a useless puddle of mush when she speaks to me that way. Against my better judgement, I slowly and gracelessly climb out onto the three-foot slab of concrete jutting into the air. My knuckles are white with tension as I keep a death grip on the inside of the window. I should have tied a rope to something heavy in the apartment before agreeing to this, and forced Katniss to do the same. Being with Katniss is like taking a drug that kills off my brain cells one by one. I'd do anything for her. I keep my eyes on the traffic the entire time. The sound of honking horns and squealing brakes below me are muffled and distant in my ears. My heart is pounding loud enough that I expect old man Cray to burst through the door any minute and order me to keep it down. Katniss's soothing voice winds its way through the thundering noises, and I follow it like a beacon until it sounds as if she is right next to me. "Look at me," she says calmly. "Keep your eyes on me." I try, my gaze moving back and forth between her and what's below. At first it's terrifying not to look down, but a deep breath and a few glances at her confident, relaxed expression has the tension easing away ever so slightly, until it's mostly abated. "You're too far away," she complains, gently pulling at my shoulder. I start to cautiously scoot towards her, pressing my back against the brick wall as a way to keep me grounded even though my legs dangle a hundred feet in the air. I'm not flexible enough to pull my knees up like Katniss does. She must see the alarm on my face because she stops me. "Nevermind. I'll come to you," she says, and in strangely quicker than I care for, our thighs are snug against each other. I slowly put my arm around her shoulders and pull her into me. Finally, I can take a deeper breath than I've been able to draw since I poked my head out the window. I'm still not completely relaxed, and I doubt I will be until we're off this thing, but it's a start. "You know, when I came home from work today, this isn't quite the intimate scenario I had in mind," I admit to her quietly. I'm not quite sure what to do with my eyes. I've decided looking up is ten times worse than looking down, which is still terrifying, so I either keep my gaze focused on the apartment building across the way, or squeeze my eyes closed and breathe in the comforting scent of Katniss's hair. The way the bakery smells used to be my favorite scent until I met Katniss. Cinnamon and brown sugar don't hold a candle to the fresh aroma of vanilla and sandalwood. She snuggles into the crook of my arm, which tightens around her protectively. "Oh, yeah?" she asks. "Yeah." I'd feel so much better right now if I had some Spidey-sense or knew I could fly like Superman. "So what, exactly, was going on in that head of yours?" she asks playfully, as if she doesn't already know. Her hand rests on my chest and her fingers begin to draw lazy circles into the fabric of my tee shirt. Her tender touch reverberates from head to toe, and every place in between. No one gets me going like Katniss. Now, more than ever, I want to get her inside. There's no way I can do all the things I've meditated on today out here on this cursed ledge. "Come inside with me and I'll show you," I tell her, hoping my tone is persuasive enough to get us off this damn thing. "Pun intended?" she laughs. I'm so hyper aware of where we are and how unnatural it all feels that I hadn't even heard myself. I can feel the left side of my mouth crook up in a smirk. "Which answer will get me inside quicker?" "You're just full of puns aren't you? Is this what happens when you get nervous?" Her last word has a teasing lilt to it, and she angles her head up to look at me. Her eyes dance with mirth then travel down to my lips as her hand ascends from my chest, wrapping around the back of my neck. Her fingers glide into the short hairs there and she pulls me down