AN: Hey everyone, this is a parody fanfic on how an outsider would view most of the events from Twilight regarding Bella, Edward and everyone else. This chapter focuses on introducing the MC whose head we'll be looking through to see all the crazy shenanigans that will soon take shape. I had a good laugh writing this so I hope you'll all enjoy reading it. Fair warning though, the humor is silly and plain ridiculous at times, so it may not be your cuppa tea. Happy reading! Chapter One: Transition This was it. With my last bag securely stowed in the backseat of my car, I realized this was going to be the last time I would see this old house. Well, not really, I was just being dramatic. It would actually be a year before I'd come back to this place again. I'd never looked at this house with too much attachment, but now was a good time to try. It's peeling white paint and dull dual-paneled windows were making it hard though. The roof was high and weatherworn and what little yard there was, was barren and neglected. Even the concreate walk up to the front door was cracked and brimming with healthy weeds; that was about the only thriving thing around here. The whole thing was just too ugly to find beautiful. And don't even get me started on all the memories because I'd be here all day trying to think of one. And just like that the moment was over. Can't say I didn't try. I slammed my black Honda Civics' backdoor shut and proceeded to the driver's seat. I quickly texted my mom that I was starting my trip to the airport, then I stuck my key in the ignition and my car rumbled to life. "Time to go." I said, gripping the steering wheel, and immediately it pulled away from the gravelly driveway and took to the road. I was moving to Forks, Washington for a whole year to live with my dad. He had his own place that I usually only visited during summers. I lived in Northern California so weekend visits weren't an option for me like other kids whose parents were divorced. I'd been doing fine on my own though, but recently Mom had been acting weird- well, weirder than her usual. At that moment my phone buzzed next to me. I picked it up from the passenger seat and looked at the caller ID. I heaved a sigh. It was my mom, funny coincidence. I didn't really want to talk to her, but I figured she just wanted to say her goodbyes since she wasn't home when I left. "Hey, mom. What is it?" I answered casually. "Hey Will, umm have you reached the airport yet?" she asked. She knew perfectly well from my text that I was nowhere near the airport yet. It's a thirty minute drive from my house to the airport and I had just left ten minutes ago. "No, mom, I'm not there yet." I replied neutrally. "Oh well, I just wanted to wish you well travels and be safe. Don't do anything rash, and don't forget to say no to drugs and mysterious women. They'll get you, you hear? And if you find yourself in a dark tunnel, stay away from the light!" She would always repeat this same song every time I went anywhere on my own. It got repetitive after the first few times, but I attributed it to being a 'mother thing' and probably insanity as well. "Alright Will, I have to go. I just came home from work and the new conspiracy of how the new iPads are slowly taking over the world has barely started. I can't miss it! Oh it's true!" I couldn't stop myself from rolling my eyes. "Take care honey. Oh, and tell your father that I said hi, and that I'm totally and completely over him getting a new girlfriend." She added as an aside. I think my eyes rolled to the back of my head that time. "Okay mom, I'll pass the message along. Thanks." I said half-heartedly. My mom had spent weeks depressed and shut in her room after work when she found out dad had a new girlfriend. It was sad, but she seemed to be getting better with that bit of news… I think. "Oh I knew the cameras were always on when they're in use, recording our every move, even thoughts, but they're also on when the device is off too! Alright, bye Will. Things just got real!" She exclaimed and ended the call. I lowered my window right after she clicked. Talking to my mom always left me feeling awkward and mentally constipated. She was so bizarre and unpredictable that you just couldn't feel otherwise. And right on cue, my car tuned itself to my favorite radio station and a decent song was playing. I smiled as the mental block began receding. Although, she wasn't all bad I guess, she helped me get a driver's license well before the legal age. I was sixteen, but I was already armed with driving capabilities and the certificate to prove it. It was all thanks to her, she weirded-out the poor guy at the DMV so badly that he pulled some strings and in a few weeks' time, my driver's license arrived in the mail. I shook my head and tried to focus on where I was going. I'd most likely be arriving at Forks by sundown. From what I remembered living there as a small child and a few summer visits thereafter, Forks was a small, sunless, mushy town where everyone knew each other from having grown up together as children, and rain was a common occurring event, even in the off months. Yeah, it didn't sound like a great place to go, and while I did want to see my Dad, the reason why I was leaving was to escape my Mom. She was driving me insane with her depression and constant crying all summer long. I tried to get out of the house as much as possible, going out with a few friends for long stretches of time and even staying over at their place to sleep over, but every time I came back, she was in the same state I left her in. She tried to hide it too, but you'd have to be deaf not to hear the wails coming from her room at night. I even attempted to talk to her about it; maybe she needed a listening ear or a crying shoulder, but she never spoke about it. I understood, it would be weird to talk about her emotions at my father's success in the dating world to her only son, even for her. She didn't have any real friends either, even though she tried to pretend she did with fake phone calls to herself and phony outings. I knew because her phone was dead most times she tried it and her trips with friends involved her venturing to the local park where she sat on a bench and feed the homeless people quarters and dimes. The homeless people even called the cops on her a few times. And everyone she's tried to befriend at work always runs the other way at the sight of her. I couldn't blame them, if anything, I'd run with them, but I couldn't do that as she's my Mom. Oh cruel world. Finally, I arrived at the airport. It was packed and alive with the bustle and din of cars, people and luggage. I had to admit, I was nervous. Even though I'd done this before, it was still somewhat frightening handling all the paperwork and boarding a plane by my lonesome. I parked my car near the busy airport entrance and began unloading my luggage; two duffle bags and my school backpack. After running an eye over my passport, debit card and other essentials, I told my car to drive itself to Forks. It honked in response and made its way past the traffic and out onto the road. Good car, I thought. Two hours later my plane descended on the Seattle landing strip and came to a halt rather roughly. The view from above was beautiful; everything was so mesmerizingly tiny and the land looked like a patchwork quilt, but I liked the view from down below a little better with the safety of having two feet firmly placed on the ground. My Dad had texted me during the plane ride to tell me he wouldn't be able to pick me up from the airport; work had called him at the hospital and he had to go cover a shift last minute. I wasn't too bummed since my car was coming to do just that, but he didn't know that, so he loaded my debit card to get a taxi instead. After some more paperwork and final security checks, I was outside inhaling the cold, damp Seattle air. It was a relief to stretch my legs after being in a plane for two hours. I walked slowly through mobs of people with my duffle bags swinging beside me looking for my car. I put a hand to my eyes, blocking the sun's reach to see if I could get a better view. I wondered if it ran into any trouble on the way. Then I saw it. It appeared around a corner coming up behind a pink Volkswagen. It got here so fast and with no scratches or visible damage! I hoped no one noticed that there was no one at the wheel before it got here. Aaaaand safe! While it would be more cost-effective to just ride in my car all the way here and forgo the plane completely, I knew I'd probably be dead from my internal organs churning themselves into mush at the insane speeds it would travel on the road. The backdoor opened automatically as it stationed itself next to me, flashing its lights excitedly; I could tell it was proud of itself. I threw everything inside wondering how on earth it made it here so unrealistically fast, and made my way around to the driver's seat. I opened the door and stepped inside, ready for the long drive to Forks to commence. I would've liked to sightsee a bit of Seattle while I was there, but the jetlag had left me feeling sore and tired, so I decided against it. Besides, the sun was almost gone and soon it would be twilight. I reclined the driver's seat all the way back and fell asleep, arms crossed and hoodie drawn, for most of the three hour drive. I had no reservations my car wouldn't be able to handle the drive on its own with its GPS. Heck, it got here from California unscathed, this would be a cakewalk. I woke up to the soft humming of the engine and judging from the slight vibrations thrumming the seat, I knew I was still advancing on the road. I pulled back my hoodie and realized it was completely dark outside. I sat upright, taking me a moment to recover from my sleeping stupor to notice I was already within Forks' city limits. I recognized the street I was on. It would only be a few minutes to my Dad's house from here. I watched the familiar window-lit houses and streets pass by me in silence, letting this whole trip sink in. I was here and I had made it all on my own, well, mostly, my car helped a bit. I patted the dashboard in appreciation. My car responded by turning on the radio. "Not right now, buddy." I said through a smile, turning it off. I was still tired and preferred the quiet. My car rounded the corner to my street and slowed its pace as the old house came into view. I couldn't make