This story is the next story in a series that started with Thranduil and The Dark Elf of Fangorn. Ideally it would be read after The Dark Elf, but it can also be a stand-alone read. Enjoy and let me know your thoughts in the comments below! -QBS Amdir bounded down the steps of Lothlorien's central treebound staircase, wishing that she could simply climb down the trees as she often did in Mirkwood when she was an elfling in King Thranduil's Halls. As she descended each level of steps, she kept her eyes glued to the newly arrived travelers milling about in the courtyard below. Haldir was part of this group, Haldir was the real reason she was here. She hadn't seen the march warden of Lothlorien since she was all of 15 years old, 35 years ago, when her parents had been murdered by orcs. She had managed to escape, and was eventually found in the north of the forest by the Lady's best warrior and tracker. She owed her life to Haldir, and while she had successfully blocked out many of the memories surrounding the trauma of her parent's attack, the memories of Haldir's kindness had long stayed with her, and it was thinking about this kindness had helped her avoid the bitterness that often comes with surviving a tragic event. But that was many decades ago and she had grown. Next year she would begin her official role as King Thranduil's translator. She had always had a passion for languages and both the King and his Queen, Amdir's close friend Isobel, had supported and mentored her. It was the Queen who had suggested that she travel to Lothlorien to perfect her grasp of Khuzdul and to work with Lady Galadriel and Lord Celeborn's counsellors and diplomats to better understand Khazad-dum culture. Below her, the melee showed no signs of dissipating, in fact, more elves had arrived and were greeting the returned travelers with hugs, laugher and good natured insults. While she generally found the Galadhrim to be more reserved than their Mirkwood counterparts with visitors, on their own they could be surprising gregarious, exhibiting camaraderie and humour. She paused near the bottom of the stairs and nervously smoothed her brown braids, pushing them off her shoulders so they hung in a neat river down her back, and looking down to check that her blue silk gown was draped appropriately. By the Valar she was nervous to see her childhood protector! With a small shake of her head and a deep breath she continued into the small crowd, where the warriors of the march were handing their horses to well-trained grooms and catching up with family and friends. Amdir caught the curious eye of some of the warriors, and she appreciated their welcome smiles, for she understood that these elves knew that Amdir could be no stranger, if she had leave to wander amongst them unattended. She quietly approached a group of four elves, the tallest elf stood erect, his silver hair gleaming in Lothlorien's dappled forest light, his features straight and more full than normal for a Galadhrim. His cheekbones were slightly bronzed from rare days spent outside of the forest's misty shade, and he looked at his companions with intelligent blue eyes that missed nothing. He was just as she'd remembered him only more… handsome. She shook her head and repeated her original thought. He was just as she remembered him, full stop. At that moment, his eyes flicked up and caught her own. Amdir stilled as Haldir's headed tiled slightly to the right as he puzzled her out. One of his companions was the stately Uiron, Celeborn's main advisor, and he followed Haldir's eyes. On seeing Amdir standing just outside the group, he pivoted towards her and took her hand with a warm smile, pulling her into their circle. "Amdir, how lovely that you've come to greet our march wardens," he said, his steady light blue eyes held the merest twinkle. He motioned to the other elves in the group. "This is Rumil, Orophin, and of course, you may remember their eldest brother, Haldir, from his days in Mirkwood many years ago." The two younger elves smiled warmly, but Haldir's eyes opened wide in surprise and he stepped forward, his shock transforming into a broad grin. "Amdir? The tiny elleth I returned to King Thranduil's halls all those years ago? You are so….grown!" Amdir laughed and shyly looked down, and when she looked up again, she directed her gaze at Uiron. "Thank you, Uiron, I am pleased to meet you both, Rumil and Orophin. I have heard much of your adventures. Prince Legolas speaks of you both with much reverence, and...Haldir." She found the courage to look up at him, and was gratified that he stared back at her, his winsome face beaming. "Of course I am most happy to see you again, and to have the chance to thank you for all you did for me during that time. I don't remember much of it, but I do remember riding with you at the front of your saddle." Rumel and Orophin exchanged amused glances, and Haldir nodded, his smile faltered as he no doubt remembered the events of that winter when he had found Amdir wandering the forest, in shock at having witnessed her parent's murder at the hands of Dul Gudor orcs. "I am most happy to see you here," he said graciously, his eyes studying her with a slight question as though to ask "how are you really?" Amdir stepped back, not sure to interpret his look as thoughtful or a tad forward, when the group was interrupted by three grooms who'd come to take their horses away to be watered down and fed after their journey. Uiron spread his arms, encompassing the group. "Come, we must prepare as the Lady has planned a banquet to celebrate your company's safe return from the outer marches, Haldir." Haldir and his brothers nodded and Uiron turned his wise face to Amdir. "I trust you will be joining us in the main hall tonight?" Amdir nodded, knowing that Uiron was well aware of the Lord and Lady's mentorship, and that she would be included as one of the guests of honour, alongside the returning march wardens. The four turned to walk towards the private flets that housed the city's militia. "Then we shall have time to catch up," said Haldir, glancing down at her. "I would hear of your education and your life in Mirkwood." Uiron offered Amdir his arm and with a grateful smile she accepted. "I shall walk you back to your quarters, Mistress Amdir. As these warriors clean up, you can give me a full account of your studies to date. I understand you wrote an impressive report on the culture of fostering young male dwarves in Khazad-dum to strengthen alliances. Is it true that foster families are chosen even before the dwarves are born?" The two younger warriors took the hint and nodded at Amdir and Uiron before taking their leave, but their big brother paused for a moment, his eyes on Amdir. Then with a small smile and shake of his head, as though he still doubted what he was seeing, he followed his brothers, his step quick and light to catch up with them. As Amdir allowed Uiron to lead her back to her quarters, she could hear Haldir's laughter in the distance and her own lips creased into a smile. That evening found Amdir sitting near the head table in a long outdoor hall with a ceiling of velvety green beech and burnished gold mallorn leaves than hung enchantedly over three long tables lit with hundreds of candles and silver bright lanterns. At the top of hall, against a white quartz wall accented with green moss in the places where small waterfalls gently blessed the stone as they gracefully made their way down the rockface, was the head table, where sat the Lady Galadriel and Lord Celeborn, emanating more light than the brightest of lanterns. Next to them sat their closest advisors including Haldir and Uiron. Amdir herself sat near the top the middle table across from Liadan, an elleth of the same age who shared Amdir's love of languages. During the three weeks since her arrival, Amdir had grown close to Liadan, as they attended classes together. To the Lord and Lady's pleasure, Liadan had taken it upon herself to help Amdir navigate the finer details of life in Lothlorien and proved herself a dedicated companion of whom the young wood elf had grown quite fond. "Did he recognize you?" Liadan asked, as both elves looked over to the silver haired march warden who was deeply immersed in conversation with Lord Celeborn, his fingers lingering over a meal of venison and beech nuts. Amdir's face returned to her friend and she shook her head. "Not at first, but afterwards he seemed quite pleased to see me again." Liadan took a sip of wine. "Will you speak with him afterwards? You should. You know he is not bonded. They say his heart was broken many years ago and since then he avoids romantic attachments." Amdir's eyes widened and she looked around nervously. "Hush Liadan, others will hear you!" But Liadan only laughed, and Amdir smiled in spite of herself, and leaned in. "I have heard the same said in Mirkwood," she admitted, "but nobody will say who the elleth was that stole his heart and never returned it." Liadan lowered her voice even more. "We have not the same reserve when it comes to gossip; I have heard it said it was the Queen of Mirkwood herself." Admir sat back and rolled her eyes, her voice returning to its normal level. "That's ridiculous. Our Queen has only ever loved the King. Everyone knows that." Liadan shrugged her shoulders and pushed Amdir's wine goblet closer to the tall chestnut-haired elleth. "Sometimes there is more to the story than we think," she said. Amdir responded with a shake of her head and both elves dissolved into laugher. "And may I enquire as to the source of such merriment?" Haldir's voice interrupted the two elves whose faces immediately grew sober, and two sets of abashed eyes turned to take in the simply dressed march warden who stood watching them, wine glass in one hand. "Haldir! We were just discussing…errr…" she hastily took a sip of wine, and Liadan jumped in. "The mating rituals of dwarves." Amdir chocked on her wine as Haldir took the seat beside Liadan, who moved down the bench to accommodate him. He looked across the table at Amdir and offered her a napkin, which she gratefully accepted with pink tinged cheeks. Liadan suddenly stood up, and the march warden rose with her. "Haldir, I am most happy to see you returned safely from such a dangerous mission, but if you will both excuse me, I promised my…Ada... that I would spend time with him after the banquet, and I don't want to be late." Haldir smiled graciously and waited for Liadan to depart before returning to his seat across from Amdir, who smiled shyly and took another sip of her wine. "I had heard that the King had arranged for you to visit us, but did not expect you so soon. Uiron mentioned you are proficient at languages and training to become a translator in King Thranduil's diplomatic corp." She glanced up a him taking in his sharp blue eyes, and pausing on his full lips. "Yes, I am pleased to have the chance to complete my training here in Caras Galadhon, but I also came here because I wanted to see you." Haldir blinked although his face remained kind. "Now what would a young translator-to-be want with an old ellon like myself?" Amdir smiled and tilted her head, causing Haldir's lips to twitch. "The Queen has told me much of what happened the season I lost