So here it finally is, the first Peeta-POV. I originally wrote the first draft of this several months ago and since then the other story has evolved to a different place than what I had in mind at first. Consequently there are a few "plot holes" in this, mainly with Peeta reflecting back on things he oughtn't to remember in the story's canon. I debated with myself whether or not to edit those parts out but in the end I decided to leave them be, even if it doesn't work entirely with the rest of the story. The things he reflecs upon re: his feelings for Katniss in canon is by and large my interpretation of Collins' work and for that reason I wanted to leave it in. Any conflicts it presents with TCYDT will have to be seen as plot holes. Don't know if I'm making any sense with this but hopefully you'll get it when you read it. The title, btw, is one of the alternative ones I had in mind for TCYDT. I'm still not happy with that title but it's a little late to change it now... It ought to be past midnight by now but I can't seem to fall asleep. It's been a while since I've had trouble going to sleep at night, though admittedly that's thanks to the sleeping pills dr. Aurelius prescribes for me. When I first came back to the district I was afraid to close my eyes at night, a fear that has been with me since my Capitol prison cell when I never knew who would come to fetch me, at which hour or for what purpose. I don't feel safe at night and even knowing that I'm safe in my own home and no one will come and collect me there's never any knowing what terrors might visit me in my dreams. Adding even further to my fears is dreading that aching loneliness that follow when I wake up to a lonely house. I never did get used to that, moving from a crowded home shared with parents and two siblings to a house at least four times the size of the one I grew up in, and doing it all by myself. That loneliness is still a part of me and perhaps always will be. Gradually my nightmares have decreased at least, though I have accepted that they will never go away entirely, but the other parts aren't going anywhere anytime soon. So almost every night I take a pill to help me fall asleep, though I know I need to wean myself off the medication sooner rather than later. I'm not alone in bed tonight. Lace is curled up on her side, facing away from me, sleeping soundly. Nothing ever seems to bother her sleep. Granted I've only shared a bed with her twenty-or-so times but she's not had a single nightmare in that time. The only other girl I've slept beside used to have nightmares all the time. Probably she still does. I often worry about her getting enough sleep but it feels like a low blow to express those concerns to her when I've told her it's best that she doesn't come over in the middle of the night. I look over at the girl beside me and reach out my hand to let my fingers touch her soft, mahogany hair. She's a wonder. More than I ever thought I would get to experience, definitely more than I ever believed I deserve, especially now that I've been turned into a monster and part of that won't ever go away. Dr. Aurelius has me taking medication for that too, drugs that numb me to a certain degree, sometimes making me feel like I'm sleepwalking through life. Even so it can't hinder the flashbacks that occur every so often. But she stays. She seems concerned for me but not afraid. She doesn't judge me and unlike Katniss she never seems to find my presence to be a bother. She's a soft place to land and a warm welcoming and I don't know that I have ever had that before. It's the closest I have ever come to unconditional. I've only loved once before her and I was so certain I could never feel that way again, about anybody. It's tough to think back on it because I have such a complicated relationship with my past emotions. Some were distorted and redesigned by people who saw me as nothing more than their personal plaything, a weapon they could customize to help me destroy the girl I would have rather given my own life for. Some memories they were never able to touch at all because I learned how to guard memories they had no knowledge of but even those memories became problematic for me because I couldn't tell if they were real or not. They didn't seem real. The crafted memories and the brainwashing were stronger. One of the things I hate those people for the most is that they stole my very feelings and changed them, denying me the right to feel what I've felt. I loved Katniss. So much it hurt inside. It's funny how I can be aware of that, like an anecdote from my past, but it's like it happened to somebody else. They did that. They made me hate her instead, and perhaps it was easier than I would have liked it to be. Sometimes I think they were able to patch in to some part of me that couldn't make peace with her for her inability to return my feelings, patch in to my deeply aching heart, and turned that into hatred and fear. Other times I wonder if they programmed me to think that way. The whole affair was complicated, very much so, and it's taken me months, years , to sort through it but thanks to dr. Aurelius' help I've been able to work through at least some of it. I still have long ways to go but I think I now have at least some clue as to which direction I'm heading. I know what my two main goals are. I want to find the person I used to be and I want to have a good relationship with Katniss. She and I are tied together in ways nobody but us can understand. Most of what once was between us is gone now and I am to blame for that but I still have hope that enough of it can be restored that we can be truly close again, if she wishes it so. We seem to be well on our way sometimes, though I've felt her withdraw from me and I'm not sure why. It scares me and it frustrates me. It's like she expects me to know how to read her and know what she wants and feels and I'm not able to do that. During this process of working through the jumbled mess that are my memories and my feelings and an alarmingly long list of triggers they seem to have planted in my brain I've been able to establish a form of timeline for my relationship with her. I detest the fact that it's so clinical, hinging largely on information other people have fed to me, but I think I've begun to figure out how to use this timeline to tap in to things I've felt and things I've experienced. I can see my own past with Katniss, or what I at this point believe to be my past with her, but to my never-ending frustration some parts of it still feel like narratives about a stranger. A stranger who looks like me, minus burn scars and other various physical disfigurements, but is a more balanced and likeable person. A stranger who loved Katniss Everdeen with a passion I hope I can possess again at some point in my life. One thing I know for sure, and that is that what I felt for her initially at the age of five was not love . Not in the sense you read of in romance novels or sing about in songs. I was completely taken with her but I was no idiot, I knew it was a crush and I knew the difference between that and true love . I knew I idolized her and that when she starred in my daydreams and fantasies that it was my interpretation of her I saw, and not necessarily the true Katniss Everdeen. I knew that. It didn't keep my heart from beating faster whenever she was near, didn't stop me from longing to reach out and touch her when she was close and it didn't stop me from wishing with all my might that she would notice me someday. I wanted to know the real her and to have an honest chance at her knowing me. She always seemed so closed off and shy, especially after her father had died. I saw her poverty and her struggle and I wanted to help her. I fantasized sometimes about saving her from her troubles and winning her affections but I always felt so ashamed afterward because she didn't need a boy to save her. Even if she did, that boy would be Gale Hawthorne and not me. What did I have to offer her anyway, but a merchant pedigree? I supposed she could marry me for my social standing but that wasn't what I wanted, nor did I think she would have it in her to do that no matter how desperate she might get. She had her pride and I admired her so much for that. Me, I had precious little pride. Growing up with an overbearing, sometimes physically violent mother doesn't exactly install a strong sense of self-worth. Especially when your father turned the other way and your brothers treated you like the annoying runt of the litter. Katniss' pride and dignity made her all the more wonderful in my eyes. Being able to give her that bread on that rainy day was one of the few childhood moments I felt proud of, though I was never sure I did the right thing. Giving her the bread was absolutely right, but tossing it to her that way was like treating her like a dog or a beggar or some such. But I was convinced she would never have taken it if I had gone up to her and offered it to her. It had to be done in a way that wouldn't necessarily mean charity or pity . My crush lasted through the years, growing stronger over time but still remaining a crush . I had flings with other girls but none of them interested me quite the way she did. There was no denying that she was special, something more than all the rest. That moment when she volunteered to take Prim's place in the Games made my heart swell with admiration while at the same time pound with fear. Her actions were beyond anything I could have imagined somebody capable of. For a person to stand up for someone else that way, to love someone that way, made me admire and idolize her even more. I knew I would never, ever know somebody else like that in my life and it filled me with regret to know I had never taken the chance to talk to her and now I never would get that chance. Then Effie drew my name, and Katniss Everdeen was not at the forefront of my mind anymore. I still remember what it felt like. I don't think that memory will ever leave me. The Capitol doctors never bothered tampering with it either. They didn't see any reason to remove something that was connected to fear . There is no way to describe what it feels like to have your name called on Reaping Day, to have everybody stare at you,