I've had this one-shot sitting on my computer for probably a year but never got around to posting it. Since it's much more Everlark-friendly than my two ongoing series I figured now might be a good time to post it and prove I'm still a huge shipper ;) The jungle doesn't seem as dense around us anymore, which means we must be nearing the force-field, but the air is still humid, hot and heavy and I still feel like an insect trapped under a glass bowl. Sweat is making my hair stick to my face and I have to wipe my brow with the back of my hand every other minute, which doesn't really help much since my arm is sweating too. All of this and it's not even morning yet. Once the sun rises it's going to be unbearably hot. Then again, the heat will be the least of our problems. I knew we had to leave the others. Every instinct in my body seemed to scream that we had to get out before it was too late but I also knew it would come with further challenges. Peeta and I were supposed to guard the others while they slept. Instead we snuck off into the jungle, leaving them vulnerable and exposed. It was a cowardly move but the best option available to us. If Finnick, Johanna and Beetee die because we left them without anybody standing guard their blood will be on our hands but not as much as if we kill them ourselves. Truthfully I hope that they will die this morning before they wake up and realize that we're gone. I don't want to have to kill them even though I know that's what I will need to do to save Peeta's life. I also don't want them chasing after us, which is bound to happen once they realize they've been betrayed. Instead of three enemies out there in the jungle we'll now have six. Beetee is no great cause for concern to me, deadly as his traps may be, but Johanna and Finnick are definitely forces to be reckoned with. Especially when they're pissed off. "Where do you reckon we are?" asks Peeta beside me. I stop to try and find my bearings. We left about thirty minutes ago and headed straight up into the jungle. Knowing what we know about Beetee's trap neither one of us has any intention of staying near the beach. Unfortunately our new enemies know that we will think like that and probably give chase in the direction we took off in. I want to move us to a safer place but it's hard to know where that might be. Finnick, Johanna and Beetee know as much as we do about the arena clock and just like us they will want to stay ahead of the dangerous zones. Our best option seems to be to face the perils of one of the sections and get out on the other side, thus bringing us eleven hours ahead of the next trap. Rock solid plan, except it involves putting our lives in grave danger for however long it takes to cross that section. We could head back down to the beach and use the strips of land that lead to the cornucopia to traverse into a desired section but that leaves us open for attacks not to mention we'll be in plain view of the people we're trying to hide from. "Katniss" says Peeta, either one step ahead of me in his mind or at least reading where mine is going. "If we're going to cross through an active section it has to be done down by the beach since that's where they're the narrowest. That will make our paths cross with the people we just left behind." I nod my head and again wipe the sweat from my brow. "I'm thinking the ten o'clock section would be the smartest to cross" I say. "What, the tidal wave ?" says Peeta with incredulity. "It takes time for the wave to build. If we head into it at nine o'clock and cross most of it we can make it to the nine section as soon as that trap has ended." "Great plan, except for three major problems." "What?" I snarl. I'm completely on edge, weary, drenched in sweat and more than a little irritated. If he can't come up with anything better he can keep his mouth shut. "We don't know exactly when the wave comes crashing down" Peeta points out. "It could be at half-past ten or at ten sharp or at any moment in-between or before eleven. We also don't know what's in the nine o'clock section and we can't tell just from walking in the jungle where one section ends and the next begins. Furthermore the ten o'clock section is where we left Finnick and the others behind and I don't know about you but I don't care to hide around here and wait for them to come charging through the jungle in search of our blood." "Blood!" I exclaim. "That's where we want to go! The blood rain section." Peeta gives me a look that can best be described as queasy. "You want to be showered in blood?" "No. But it's just disgusting, not deadly." "It's also the section that comes directly after the lightning tree" replies Peeta. "It will send us directly at the others." He looks unsure. "Do you want to kill them then?" "Oh. I..." For the moment it had slipped my mind that the blood rain section followed the lightning section. It wasn't my intention that we sneak up on the others and kill them and I certainly don't have any desire to do so. Nor does Peeta, going by the look on his face, but if that's what I want to do he's clearly not going to argue. "No" I tell him. "No, we have to find some other idea." "What do you say we plot while we move? I don't know about you but I don't want to be standing here when Finnick's trident and Johanna's axe come flying through the trees." I glance up the slope and spot the small chink in the force-field. Peeta is right. We ought to get moving. We can figure the rest out as we go along. "The force-field?" he asks. "Just up ahead." "Okay. You take the lead and we'll walk clockwise. It's as good a start as any. We can always hope that the others won't choose to look for us along that path because it seems like too obvious a choice for geniuses like ourselves." I can't even tell if he's being sarcastic or not, nor do I really care. For all we know the others have woken up already and decided to give chase. We need to put as much distance between us and them as we possibly can. "Okay" I nod. "We head clockwise. We move fast." "I'll try." I try not to scowl. It's not Peeta's fault that he can't move as fast as I need him to. He has his artificial leg and God knows how long the effects of walking into the force-field will last. His speed isn't even the biggest problem; the biggest problem is his uncanny inability to move silently through whatever part of nature you drop him in. Which means all the more reason for us to get moving. We walk for a few hours with nothing happening around us. I stay in front, bow in my hand, occasionally tossing nuts at the force-field when I'm unsure of where it is. Peeta walks one step behind me, constantly on alert, ready to defend us against whoever might come charging through the jungle. Nothing happens. Nobody comes. Maybe Johanna, Finnick and Beetee decided against chasing after us. Maybe they decided their best course of action would be to continue with Beetee's trap and at least hope to eliminate Brutus, Enobaria and Chaff. Then they would only have us to focus on. The thought sends a chill down my spine. I don't know for how long we have walked when the scenery around us suddenly changes. I stop so suddenly that Peeta walks into me. "Something's wrong" I say. "Did we move away from the force-field?" asks Peeta. He's noticed the change in scenery too. I look to my left and spot a chink. "No. It's still a few feet to our left." "We must have crossed into a new section of the arena" concludes Peeta. "Whatever this is, it's related to a trap." I close my eyes and frown, trying my best to remember the map Peeta drew of the clock. Where could we possibly be? Then I look up at the sky. When can we possibly be? Do we need to move away from here in a hurry? I don't think so. When we left this morning it was around five o'clock. We've seen the tidal wave since and the lightning storm which means it's afternoon. I would guess it's around three or four o'clock. Did we know what occurred at those hours? "Okay, we know the lightning storm happened at midnight" says Peeta. "How many hours since then?" "Three, maybe four" I say. "That's just a guess, though." "Okay, well we've at least cleared the blood section and the fog section. After that comes monkeys and jabberjays." The thought of the jabberjays sends a shiver down my spine. I think I'd rather be stuck in the monkey section than the jabberjay one. "So where the hell are we now?" I say miserably. "We don't know what comes after the jabberjays. At six o'clock there was that… beast of some kind." He swats away a mosquito and makes a face. "If we're not with the jabbers or the monkeys we're either in the section directly proceeding that one or in one of the three sections that come between that and the tidal wave. I sincerely doubt we're in the jabberjay section or the monkey section." "Are you sure about that?" "Yes. We can't have walked all the way around the arena which means this is not the tidal wave section. This change in scenery is likely to be part of some trap we're not familiar with. That puts us at either the five o'clock section or somewhere between seven and ten." "Great" I say with no enthusiasm. "Some new form of terror. Let's move out of here and head back to ten o'clock." He nods and we begin to move, me a few feet ahead of him. The vegetation has thinned out and after a few minutes the tree line ends and we're standing by the shore of a river. Peeta walks up and stands next to me, eyeing the body of water ahead of us. The river is only about twenty yards wide and doesn't look very deep. I could easily cross it. My eyes go to Peeta and he looks back at me. "I don't know about you but I would like to be on the other side of this river before the others find us or before we find out what exactly goes on in this section's part of the day." He frowns and looks at the water. "I still have my belt so I should be able to get across without a problem. Right?" "Right" I mumble, quickly weighing my options in my head. Getting Peeta across the river could be dangerous. We don't know what lurks in the water. I kneel down and scoop up a handful, my tongue darting out to taste it. It's freshwater, which confirms my suspicion that the trap is related to the river. Maybe the water is poisonous when this section is activated. Maybe there are dangerous predators that come out during the right hour and devour whoever comes too close. For all we know there could be dangerous animals in here anyway all around the