My first attempt at a "Hunger Games" fanfic. Not much to say, except I'm still trying to get over my writer's block so there are no guarantees of regular updates. When my period is late it sets off no alarms in my head. I only started getting them a year and a half ago and living on the brink of starvation has made them anything but regular. It doesn't even cross my mind that there might be something going on until I become queasy. Even then my mind does not immediately connect the two symptoms. The very idea is so foreign to me that it hardly seems possible. But it is. I'm pregnant. I realize it the morning my mother is visited by a newlywed twenty-three year-old woman and I overhear their conversation. There aren't any pregnancy tests available in District 12 but the signs my mother ask about are all present, both for the newlywed woman and for me. Missing period? Check. Upset stomach? Check. Breasts feeling tender? Check. Having had sexual intercourse recently? Check. In a fit of panic I race up the stairs and lock myself in my bedroom before I throw myself down on the bed. For about ten minutes I stare blankly at the wallpaper, unable to form a coherent thought. I'm pregnant. How could this have happened? How could I have let this happen? How could we both have been so stupid? It only happened once, on the way back from the Capitol after the Victory Tour. Peeta didn't come to my bedroom the night when we got engaged and I let him have his space but when he stayed away the following night as well I went to check on him and make sure he was okay. We ended up having a long talk about everything that was expected of us and how we felt about it. Peeta was no happier about our upcoming marriage than I was, albeit for entirely different reasons. The more we talked about it the more we decided that all we could do was make the best of it. Maybe it wouldn't be so bad. We get along great and maybe we could have a good life together under the circumstances. I don't think either one of us was actually convinced but somehow it felt better to say it. Then Peeta brought up the physical aspect of marriage and was surprisingly candid. He told me he would be a perfect gentleman and live in chastity with me if that was what I wanted but that it would be very difficult for him to share a life and a bed with me and never get to know me physically. The more we talked the more I realized that a lifetime of chastity didn't sound too exciting to me either. I've heard it said enough times that sex is the best physical experience of your life and missing out on that seems rather unfortunate. At least under these circumstances, where the choice of whether or not I should get married has been taken out of my hands. After we had gone to bed we held each other closely for comfort and somehow ended up kissing. Feeling curious after what we had talked about I allowed my hands to begin to explore and before I knew how it had happened we ended up having sex. It was awkward, fumbling, over in just a few minutes and not at all as pleasurable as everyone said. It wasn't painful but it just felt strange and I couldn't imagine why women claim to like it, crave it even. When it was over we both felt awkward and ended up falling asleep without being wrapped closely together the way we've slept before. In the morning we both agreed that for now it was better not to engage in that particular activity and that we could rethink whether or not we wanted to have a sexlife together once we were married. That was almost eight weeks ago. The possibility that I might get pregnant had never entered my mind. I know how babies are made but one messy night on a train didn't seem like it would put me at big risk for conceiving. I'm a teenager whose body has been through more than enough in the past few years that I hadn't expected it to be able to carry a child right now. Yet here I am. I lie there on my bed for hours, trying to figure out what the hell I'm going to do. There are ways to get rid of an unwanted baby, I know that much. It's illegal but my mother has a few herbs that can do the trick. It's definitely an option since the only thing I know for sure is I can't have this baby. I never wanted to have children. The thought was terrifying enough a year ago but now that I'm a Hunger Games victor it's ten times worse. The father being another victor makes it an additional ten times worse. I have not the faintest doubt in my mind that if this child is born he or she will be a tribute in thirteen or fourteen years. There is no way Snow and the game makers could resist. The son or daughter of the star-crossed lovers of District 12 competing in the arena. They would have an orgasm just from the thought of it. Yet the thought of an abortion scares me and doesn't seem to make much sense. The herbs aren't completely safe and there's no telling how I will feel after I've taken them. Furthermore, what I fear is bearing a child who will die a premature and violent death. How will I make things better by terminating the pregnancy? Wouldn't that just be doing Snow's bidding for him by jumping to the chase and taking away the child's life twelve years before the Capitol gets the chance to? In the end, fear and oppression are his main goals and he wants parents to live in fear until their children are eighteen. A pre-emptive move like abortion would not be exactly the same but when the motivation is fear of the Hunger Games it would serve the same purpose in the end. And the baby is Peeta's. I am anything but sure of how I feel about him but I do know that he matters to me at some level and that this child is a part of him. Can I really abort his baby? How would I ever be able to look him in the eye if I did that? Saving his life became so important to me in the arena so terminating the extension of his life seems in direct conflict. But I can't give birth to this child. There is no possible way. The child would be as good as dead the moment it left my womb. And I am not ready to be a mother, even if the child's eternal safety from the Games could be guaranteed. I'm a teenager whose life is a mess, who doesn't know what she feels or for whom she feels it, who is way in over her head in everything she does and who wakes up screaming in the middle of the night from nightmares about people she's seen die and people whose deaths she's caused. How the hell would I be able to care for a child? I know that it is expected of me to bear children. President Snow expects it as a means to control Peeta and me. The people of Panem expect it because why wouldn't the star-crossed lovers of District 12 start a family now that they've beaten the odds and been given a chance at a life together? With all that in mind I was still determined to do my best never to become pregnant. I haven't figured out how to manage that yet without bringing about the deadly wrath of Snow but I definitely thought I would have more time to think about it. The obvious answer would of course be to remain a virgin for life. Barring that I guess I thought I could ask my mother if she knew of any contraceptive herbs I could take. How I would handle Snow would be a secondary problem that I would have a few years, and Peeta's help, to figure out. Somehow I was going to win this particular battle with the president because out of all the sacrifices and the horrors I have lived through and will be living through the one that would break me completely is being the mother of a child that goes into the arena. The mere thought of standing up there on the stage outside the Justice Building when the name of Peeta's and my child is drawn and then having to mentor that child makes me panicked. But here I am now, pregnant completely by accident and with absolutely no idea what to do. Should I tell Peeta? I sure as hell can't turn to my mother. She would panic and she would freak out over me no longer being a virgin and God knows what else she would do. Perhaps I could tell Haymitch but I don't think he would have any help to offer. He's seen other victors mentoring their children in the arena. He knows there's no way around it once you're a victor with offspring. The most he could do for me would be to offer his condolences and his support. I'm on my own with this one, I realize. I need to formulate a plan and do it really fast while there's still time. Either I terminate the pregnancy, which I can't see myself doing, or I find some way of saving my unborn child from President Snow and the arena. Luckily it seems that my mother and Prim both think I've gone out for the day because nobody comes to summon me to the dinner table. The solitude gives me some time to think. By the time it's getting dark I know I have to go downstairs or they will start to worry. I've spent a few hours by now going over every possible solution I can think of and a plan has begun to take form in my mind. It's not an easy one to pull off and an even less easy one to live with but I have to give it a try. For the sake of the baby I have no other choice. I write a letter to President Snow saying that I need to meet with him and that it's urgent. Once I've sent the letter I expect a summon to the Capitol within a day or two. Instead I come home from the Hob four days later to find President Snow sitting in the study of my house. Mother and Prim are hiding out in the living room looking terrified but instead of offering them any comfort I walk into the study and close the door behind me, wanting to have this over and done with as soon as possible. "Miss Everdeen" says Snow, barely looking up from the papers he is reading. "To what do I owe the pleasure of you desiring a visit from me? It must be important since I was not under the impression that our relationship had progressed to one of being pen pals." I see no point in tiptoeing around it. Everything depends on how this conversation goes and being frank, direct and assertive is the best strategy I can think of with this man. "I'm pregnant." For a brief second I can take pleasure in having caught him completely off guard. President Snow looks up at me and I know I have his full attention now. Slowly he sets the papers down on the table, rises and smirks. "I'm impressed" he says. "I asked you to prove to me that your