This is something I wrote well over a year ago and then for some reason forgot about. Maybe I thought I would post it around the time it's set and by that time I didn't remember I had it at all. In any case, I found it again the other day and decided I might as well post it. It's going to be two or three parts depending on how I edit it, and each chapter won't be all that long, but hopefully interesting nonetheless. I can't seem to make up my mind about Peeta's age since in "the Project" I have him born the year before Katniss (making them both sixteen during the events of THG) and in this story I have them born the same year, making him fifteen when he was reaped. Don't know if that matters, really. I can't recall if Suzanne Collins ever said his exact age. I, again, used the date IMDB has listed as his birthday, though I still have no idea where they got that information. And with that I'm done babbling, on to the story! She is really excited when she first brings it up, which makes one of us. It's September and my birthday is only a month away. Katniss wants to celebrate it. I really don't. Birthdays are a bit of a fascinating topic. People tend to either love their own date of birth and see it as an opportunity to celebrate and be at the centre of attention and get lots of gifts, or they see it as a grim reminder that they are getting older. Katniss falls more in the first category, not necessarily because she loves getting gifts and attention but because her parents used to make sure it was a special day when she was younger. I fall into the second category, though not because I personally mind aging. Birthdays were never a happy occasion in my home when I grew up and I've carried that with me into adulthood. I was fifteen when I went into the first arena, my sixteenth birthday happening during the fall after the Games. At that point in time Katniss and I weren't getting along too well and I let the day go by without making a fuss about it. She hadn't asked me when I was born and at that time I assumed she could care less. I turned seventeen while I was in District 13 and spent the day chained to a bed fighting the demons in my head, which is all I remember about that particular day. The year after the war, when she and I had become a real couple, I didn't tell her about my birthday either. Not until we were celebrating her nineteenth birthday and she demanded to know when my day was and how come we had been together for ten months at that time and she hadn't heard a word about it. When she found out she had missed my latest birthday by seven months she was pretty angry. I have tried to explain to her that I simply don't like calling attention to that day and that I prefer to just let it go by. Several years I have attempted to not even realize I had turned a year older until after the fact but annoyingly enough I always do become aware that the date is approaching. Katniss can't see why I'm so adamant to ignore it but it's difficult to explain it to her. My mother never liked birthdays. When I was little I saw my friends' families making a big deal out of each such day but my mother thought they were out of their minds. Every year on the days I and my brothers had been born she would lament that we were now one year closer to the Reaping and how she wished we would just stop aging all-together. She said it was pointless and irresponsible to throw away money at food, gifts and cake on a day that wasn't a celebration anyway but merely one step closer to having our names in the reaping balls. It made me dislike that day and I still dislike it to this day but Katniss doesn't understand. I haven't told her about my mother's role in my disinterest because I know how that will go over. Katniss hates my mother. I don't want to give her any further ammunition. Yes it's true that my mother hit me sometimes, ruined the concepts of birthdays for us and was generally dislikeable on a few occasions but I still love her. She's still my mother and now that I'm older I understand her better. A lot of her negative behaviour was rooted in fear that she wouldn't be able to feed her sons and that one of them might end up a tribute. Katniss would tell me that it's no excuse for the way she treated me and my brothers but I can see the love and care that was the foundation of it all. I was also privy to a lot of tender moments on her part, times she held and comforted me, times when she snuck me a rusk or a cracker when I hadn't had enough to eat. I don't defend her actions but I can't see her as a wicked witch either and I don't like hearing Katniss talk her down. When I turned nineteen Katniss wanted to make a big deal out of the day but I made her promise not to. When I turned twenty she grudgingly let the day go by without acknowledgement, save for a whispered "happy birthday" when she curled up in my arms to go to sleep that night. This year she seems to feel she's let me have my way enough. "It's your birthday and it should be celebrated," she said while we were sipping our morning tea a few weeks ago. "Why?" I answered, flipping through the pages of our morning newspaper. "Because it's an important landmark." "It's the twenty-first anniversary of my birth," I remarked, looking up at her over the paper. "What's landmark about it? Age is just a number and I've passed all significant ones. I turned twelve and got to have my name in the reaping balls. I turned nineteen and became a legal adult. If I live to be a hundred we can celebrate then but my twenty-first birthday is extremely uninteresting." "No, it's not," she argued. "It's important to me. My life would have been entirely different if the events of that day had not occurred." I rolled my eyes and focused on the paper. "Just let it go," I told her. "Oh no you don't. I've let you have your way for years now. This year you're going to stop being selfish and let me celebrate you." The logic of that statement made me roll my eyes again. "I say that I'm the one having the birthday so I'm the one who gets to decide how to spend it," I retorted. "And I decide that we're not going to call any attention to it." "You will celebrate your birthday," she countered in a tone that was not to be argued with. "It's about time you started to like that day of the year. This year I'm going to change your mind about birthdays." I told her no and figured that would be the end of the discussion. A stupid conclusion, given how well I know the woman I live with. She wouldn't stop talking about it for several days, excitement shining in her eyes when she tried to convince me to let her make a big deal of my birthday. Finally I caved, reluctantly. I have a hard time denying her anything that makes her light up like that and the excited smile and hot kiss she gave me when I decided to let her have her way almost made me happy to have agreed. Just a few days later something happened that took her mind entirely off of my upcoming birthday. Gale Hawthorne came back to the district. She was in a very bad mood about it at first but gradually came around. He hadn't come here for pleasure or for a vacation but rather on business which meant him and Katniss have ended up spending a lot of time together. We have been experiencing problems this year with some of Katniss' fellow hunters, some of whom are using methods that aren't considered publically safe. With the oppression of the Capitol no longer weighing down on us people have begun to expand their horizons and venture past the fences, spending time in the woods and sometimes even going as far out as the lake. One or more hunters, who have yet to be identified, have begun using unsafe traps to catch their prey, like metal bear traps, wires that trigger poisoned darts and nets that can capture a person and put them in danger of starving to death, dying of exposure or being killed by wild animals if they aren't found in time. Gale and a handful of others have been sent by President Paylor to deal with the problem. With Katniss being an expert on the subject of District 12 hunting and its woodlands she has been asked to sit in on their meetings and help them out. This has so far meant spending a lot of time out of the house and a lot of time with Gale, though so far they haven't been alone together, to my knowledge. I've tried not to say anything about it. I know she is passionate about solving this problem and I think it's good that she's found something tied to official governing to be involved in. Hopefully it will cure at least some of her disdain and mistrust for politicians and the whole system. At first I even thought it was good that she was forced to spend time with Gale. She never talks about their lost friendship but I know it makes her sad to think about and I would like for her to at least be able to make peace with him for real. What bothers me is that I hardly ever see her anymore. She leaves early in the morning and oftentimes comes home late. Normally she comes home around three in the afternoon and we have a lot of time to spend together. We have dinner around five every evening and then we do whatever we feel like doing until around eight o'clock when we tend to go to bed. Lately she has been coming home around six or seven, having eaten dinner with the other people in the commission. Sometimes she comes home after nine. Once she came home after midnight and that time she had me worried sick and I gave her a hard time about it when she got in. Her response was to chew me out for not trusting her to be able to take care of herself. She called me a nag. I won't lie, that hurt. After that I haven't dared to say much, despite my misgivings. She's tired and spent but seems to enjoy her time with the committee, finding she has a lot in common with them as many are hunters themselves, which makes it difficult to begrudge her the experience but I can't stop myself from feeling displeased. I miss her and I miss spending time with her. I miss having a conversation that's not about the commission. We haven't even had sex in weeks since she gets in late every evening and is never in the mood. Oddly enough this has made me look forward to my birthday. A week ago when she crawled into bed about half an hour after me I brought up the topic and made a request. If she wants to celebrate my birthday then what I would like is a nice, romantic dinner together