Just a little one-shot I did recently when I felt I needed something Everlark-positive in the middle of my multi-chapter stories =) When the five year anniversary of the fall of the Capitol Regime draws near I get a special offer courtesy of President Paylor. She will lift my confinement to District 12 and allow me to travel freely in the country under the condition that my first trip is to the Capitol to film an interview for a memorial program. To my own surprise I find it difficult to decide how to respond. I've been okay with staying in Twelve where we can live in something resembling peace and quiet and it's always been home to me. The desire to travel around the districts as a tourist is completely absent in Peeta and myself, both of us feeling like we did that already on the Victory Tour and we don't need to be reminded. Having the confinement lifted as a reward for doing an interview, the exact kind of thing I've been avoiding these past five years, seems like gaining an awful little for something I'm not interested in doing. But the more I think about it the more I begin to have second thoughts. I can't deny that it would be nice to be able to visit my mother and see how she lives nowadays. I would like to see where Annie lives with hers and Finnick's son. I would like to visit Johanna Mason and see the woods of Seven which she can't seem to shut up about. There's even a small part of me that's interested in seeing what the Capitol looks like now. Doing an interview doesn't seem so bad. Not when it's just the one interview and it's part of a larger program, meaning all focus is not on me as the Mockingjay. Plutarch has explained to me in detail over the phone how he imagines the memorial program and it seems like a respectful mix of honouring those who made sacrifices and shining a light on what has become better over the years. Plutarch wants me, Peeta and Haymitch to do a short interview each and he makes no mentioning of a star-crossed lovers segment. Nobody outside District 12 has really seen Peeta or me since the war ended, other than in the odd paparazzi shot here or there, and I wonder sometimes what they think of the two of us now. When we were last in the public eye Peeta was still suffering severely from the effects of hijacking and was seen on television throwing a member of our own squad into a pod whilst trying to kill me. I was the one who went even crazier and murdered President Coin instead of President Snow. Some people must think we're broken, insane shells of human beings and I find myself wanting to show them how wrong they are. That we are quite happy and fairly adjusted, all things considered. That the star-crossed lovers were fake but Katniss and Peeta are for real. So I talk it over with Peeta and then agree to the offer on the table. To my own surprise I find myself feeling just a little bit excited about the prospect of leaving the district and even of the chance to get to speak in public strictly from my own heart and mind, with nobody pulling the strings or telling me what to say or do. "Sit here, Katniss" a young cameraman instructs me. He spent the first thirty minutes of our acquaintance calling me Miss Everdeen, then the following forty-five calling me Mrs. Mellark before I finally convinced him I was most comfortable being called Katniss. "Right here, on the rock." Obeying orders I take a seat on a large, moss-clad rock in the middle of the beautiful garden we are in. It's a hospital garden, laid out right next to the building where the tributes used to be prepared for the Games. It was decided to be fitting that that particular building be made into a children's hospital after the war, though it's still in the process of being remade. To me it sounds like a horrifying place to treat sick and wounded children but I see the reasoning behind it. The garden has been planted as a place for sick children and their families to get some air, tranquillity and sunlight. Today the garden has been closed off for the interviews with the former victors. Surprisingly they were able to gather all of us, except for Enobaria. Plutarch wants all of us to be here at once, one person at a time being interviewed while the others interact with each other in the background. He speaks for almost five minutes about the imagery of seeing the other victors behind whomever is speaking, even if they are out of focus. He's also making sure to film everything the bigger group does, in case something noteworthy or heart-warming takes place. Johanna suggested that Peeta and I could, in her words, "practice procreation" under the shade of a tree or something to help boost the ratings. I choose to believe she was joking. The interviews are being done in order of victory. Even though the interview segments themselves are meant to be short it takes quite a while to set everything up for each one since they want each of us in a different place of the garden, and they film more material than they plan to use. It is already well past lunch by the time I sit down to shoot my bit as the second-to-last person of the day. My interviewer today is a man named Ares Falco, a man I recognize from various TV programs and whom I've always liked since he seems very thorough, friendly and like he takes the material he's working with seriously and treats it with respect. Mostly he hosts programs on history, talking about the time periods that came long before Panem. I'm glad they asked him to do the interviews instead of getting Caesar Flickerman, or somebody like him. "Just relax and make yourself comfortable" says Ares, sitting down in a fold chair opposite me. "We're going to start by just chatting for a minute or two so they can check the audio. Then I'll move on to asking you some questions. If any question feels too private or too difficult or you just don't want to answer it then let me know and we will move on. Does this seem alright to you?" "Yes" I nod, feeling nervous and a touch odd as someone comes up and tilts my face in a different direction to see if the lighting is better like that. "Good. So, are you having a good day so far?" "It's been nice" I say with a nod. "The weather is lovely." We chat about the weather for a few minutes and I begin to relax a little, feeling like I'm in safe hands with him. He doesn't mention anything to me about his personal feelings about the Games or the war, which I appreciate. Since we arrived here many people have come up to us and wanted to tell us what they think and feel about it all and to say that I, or Peeta, or sometimes Haymitch, is their all-time favourite victor. The fact that Ares doesn't makes me respect him. He's not here to be able to say he's interviewed the Mockingjay. He's just here to do a job. "Okay, it's time to start the actual interview now" he says when he gets the good-to-go sign from the sound people. "Okay" I nod. He proceeds to ask me about my life nowadays, about what things are like in District 12 and how I feel being back in the Capitol. He never so much as mentions all the juicy details of my past public life like the Hunger Games and my role as the Mockingjay. All he seems interested in is the person I am today and even then he doesn't dig deeper into my personal life than I am comfortable with. I know he's got three special questions which he will save until the end. He's asked all of the other victors those questions and for some of us those answers will be the only thing they air on TV. Before he begins with those questions he pauses and tells me that they are coming, so that I can be prepared. "Looking back now, was it worth it?" The question actually brings a small smile to my face because it seems so obvious at first what the answer is. Then I begin to think about it and the smile fades. "It's a difficult question" I answer. "I… I don't know if I can answer it. It seems so obvious that the answer should be yes but when I think of my sister, and my friends who died, and the nightmares I still have…" I turn my face away and Ares gives me a moment to gather my composure. When he speaks again he's moved on to the next question, apparently deeming my answer complete and acceptable. "What have you learned in the five years that have gone by?" "I have learned a lot" I say. "Most of all I think I've learned that life can go on again. That even with all the tragedies and the deaths and the despair there can still be happiness. There can still be good things. I guess I've learned to trust to hope, which I was never very good at before." "And finally, Katniss… What do you want for the future? For you ." I smile slightly again. Behind me I can hear the faint sounds of the others talking and one of the voices that really stands out belongs to Annie's son, four and half years old. I can hear him saying something and Peeta's laughter following it. The smile on my face grows warmer, wider. "I want to grow old with him" I say. "With Peeta. That's really the whole all. To have a normal life away from the cameras and the attention. You know, the kind of life people have always been supposed to have, free of Hunger Games and oppression. Just Peeta and I going through our lives from day to day and getting to reach my old age with him still there beside me." I turn my head and see Peeta on the ground playing with Annie's boy, both of them laughing, and my heart fills with how wonderful he is. Then I do something I normally would never do. I open my heart to Ares and the camera, just a little bit, and dress in words some of the feelings that are such an essential part of me now. "Look at him. The best man in the world has married me and given his life to me." A goofy grin spreads across my face. "I get to be the one who makes him happy. I just want to enjoy that and be thankful for that and live my life with him. To live in normality, like any other person who is in love." There's a pause where Ares seems to wait to see if I will say anything else, but I am done. Some people could probably monologue for hours about the person they are in love with but that is not me. My feelings are too private and my ability to put them into words is far too lacking to ever do them justice. What I've just said is enough, the rest of the world doesn't need to know more than that. Peeta knows it all, and that's what counts. Six weeks later I'm sitting on the couch at home, flipping through the channels. The rain is pouring down outside and since we don't need fresh meat I saw no reason to leave the house. Peeta would have stayed home