Harry was pretty quiet after waking up from defeating the Horcrux. The act of damming his magic and then letting it rip through his mind like a tidal wave had left him fundamentally changed, the full extent of which would only be revealed in time. The first thing he noticed was that he felt calmer. The comments and needling from his class mates no longer bothered him. Umbridge's insults and lies washed over him without effect. He found himself smiling more. Over the next few weeks he spent some time going in and out of his mindscape, learning more with every trip. Hermione remained confused about the odd runic symbols that represented the spells Harry had learned as they did not match any known language. Harry didn't care has he had no trouble telling what each rune meant. At least most of them. At first the marks seem like nothing more than random lines, but if he concentrated on one, he knew immediately what they represented. Some were fairly shallow and only had a faint glow. He noticed these were all spells he didn't know well. Recent ones he was learning in class. Most though, were carved deep and shone brightly. These were the spells he knew well. "Wasn't this one green, last time we were here?" he asked, looking over some faintly glowing marks that were shallowly carved into the ground. They looked like they had been there for some time as they were almost faded. "I can't say I was paying that much attention last time," Hermione said. "All the marks are glowing the colour of your magic, why would some be a different colour?" Harry answered, "I can think of only one reason." "It wasn't your magic," Hermione agreed. "But what does it do?" "Only one way to find out," he said with a grin, and reached out guiding the magic from his river toward the rune. "Harry, don't you cast it on me this… whoa." She trailed off. "What it is?" "It's… whoa." She sounded distracted. "Hermione! Use your words." Harry was just about to cut off the stream of magic to the spell when she continued. "It looks like some sort of diagnostic charm. Probably something Madam Pomfrey cast on you in the hospital wing. It's showing an image of your body in the air, with different areas lit up. I imagine a healer would be able to tell any injuries from this. But it's showing everything. Veins, muscles, organs. I can see your heart beating. That's your brain right there." "Well that's reassuring." He pulled himself out of his mindscape to get a better look, but he couldn't keep the magic flow up and the image vanished before he opened his eyes. "Do you think you could cast it again? Hermione asked. "I don't know, it's not like I actually know the spell." He closed his eyes and concentrated on the image of the rune. Nothing happened at first, until he pictured Hermione with the rune mark on her skin. He heard Hermione gasp and opened eyes to see a ghostly image of Hermione. "That's me!" Hermione exclaimed. "This looks like a real time representation of my whole body. But you can even see old injuries. Look there, you can see I sprained my wrist when I was eight." "I guess that must be really useful when kids come into the infirmary. No need to guess what's…" He trailed off as he noticed Hermione staring at him. "What?" "Harry," she said. "Where's your wand?" He blinked. His wand was sitting right next to him, right where he left it before going inside his mind. "You just cast that spell without using your wand. Harry, you just did wandless magic." "Huh." Snape was in for a shock the next time he tried to enter Harry's mind. Harry was much more aware now of his own mind and magic. The thorn bushes that grew around his mind acted as a barrier to intrusion. Snape tried again and again to get inside his mind, but could only throw himself up against the bushes and was forced to retreat. The thorns even seemed to be doing their own damage. Snape's last attempt of the night saw him with a nose bleed, that he hastily tried to stop before he kicked Harry out. The victory wasn't without consequence though. The 'bushes' sustained their own damage, leaving Harry strained, tired and nursing a painful headache. Snape was kept out though, which Harry counted as a win. And Harry noticed the next time he entered his mind, it seemed like each time they were threated, it only made them grow back even more impenetrable. After some prompting Hermione used the Intra Mentem ritual herself and took a trip into her own mind. She expected it to be somewhat similar to Harry's but instead found it to be a vast vaulted library, with literal streams of sunlight coming in through the stained glass windows representing her magic. Her magic was a soft golden colour that lit up rune marks all over the books and shelves. There was little in the way of walls around her mind, with the windows seemingly hanging in mid-air. It seemed like the sun itself was the source of all magic. More streams of light flowed down into other libraries that could just be made out in the distance. Harry laughed. "Not exactly surprising, is it? We probably could have guess that for ourselves." Ron, who joined them in their later experiments, found his own mind resembled an M.C. Escher painting, with his magic represented as streams of flying fish. Neither Hermione nor Harry chose to think too hard on what that could possibly mean. "Wizards," Hermione muttered under her breath. With his mind protected and the horcrux destroyed Harry was able to relax and focus more on his school work than ever before. Spells came easier to him and he found himself developing new methods of learning; using his new awareness of his own magic, to focus on what was actually happening when he was casting spells. He tried to cast some of them wandlessly but without a special trip to his mindscape, found working out what mark to use all but impossible. Still, being about to feel his magic meant he was able to control the intensity of any spell he cast. His practical understanding of magic skyrocketed, though his theoretical knowledge still lagged far behind Hermione. He had even developed a new appreciation for Divination, though he still found the classes useless. Divination, he found, was a much broader subject than he had ever been taught. Trelawney had focused almost exclusively on predicting the future and while Firenze broached other topics, even he kept his focus on what was to come. Private study, though, showed the topic to encompass far more than Harry had ever considered. The goblet of Fire last year had used a type of divination to find the best person to represent the schools. The age line had had to divine the actual age of the person trying to cross it. Even, Harry smirked at Hermione, the Point Me spell Hermione had created. It may have had the same effect as a compass but it didn't use magnetic fields. It worked by divining North. Hermione was not impressed with his observation. "Think about it Hermione. Most spells we cast take effect as intended by the caster. We turn the table to a dog, we make the pineapples dance, the object is levitated how we direct it we create, change and conjure as we imagine it. But what about those spells that are designed to find something? Tempus has to divine what the time is. If a spell has to find its own information to work, then it's divination. I think people have forgotten we actually rely on divination much more than we realize." He was focusing on his own research and ignoring Trelawney's dithering, when McGonagall came to collect him for his forgotten career advice meeting. This was actually a topic that he had been thinking about more and more since his mindscape adventure. He wanted to be an auror as it seemed like a good fit. He was surprised therefore and a little amused to find that McGonagall was not, strictly speaking, encouraging at first. Apparently his academic record wasn't particularly outstanding, but after being interrupted by the odious Umbridge, her temper was spiked and she vowed to do whatever it took to help him achieve his ambition. He was talking with her again, after dinner some days later, on what was expected of him; when he asked what, exactly, the job description entailed. "Really Mr Potter, you're aiming for the position and you don't know what they do?" The professor was not impressed. "I know they are Dark wizard catchers, and I've seen Tonks and the others act as security but what about investigations?" McGonagall pinched her lips in disapproval. "That's the job of the investigations department. Nasty lot. They're known around the Ministry as the witch hunters. If someone reports a crime, they are supposed to talk to everyone involved and determine guilt or innocence. In reality they just take bribes to accuse anyone 'inconvenient.'" Harry wanted to be shocked with that answer, but with his recent experiences with the Ministry he could definitely believe it. This left him pretty disillusioned about his career choice. Every year he had been involved in some sort of hair raising, life or death adventure. Because of this he knew, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that everything would have been easier, if not outright avoided; if he had had more information. He was returning late from one such meeting with the professor going over the prerequisites he needed for training, when he ran into Ron, who was in a steaming temper. One of the younger students he had been protecting had been found bleeding at the bottom of a stairwell, the words 'SHUT YOUR MOUTH!' burned on his arm. Ron had taken the kid to the hospital wing but Madam Pomfrey had sent him on his way before he was able to get any more information. "Mate, we need go to talk to the kid!" Ron demanded. "Malfoy and his goons were on the quidditch pitch at that time, so it couldn't have been him. If I've got to be watching out for two groups attacking the kids, I've got to know who I'm looking for." Well Hermione wasn't about to let them sneak out on their own, so the three of them used the cloak to make their way to the hospital wing. Samuel Rivers was a second year Hufflepuff. The trio found him in bed, after Madam Pomfrey had retired for the night. He was tall for a twelve-year-old, though it was difficult to tell when he was lying down. Ron told them he had tried out for the Hufflepuff quiddich team this year, competing for one of the beater spots. He didn't make the team but had made the short list. He was still awake when they arrived, his arm bandaged from the wrist to the elbow. The first thing Ron did was demand to know who had attacked him. The trouble was the kid didn't know. "I was supposed to be on my way back to our dorm after herbology, but I needed the bathroom. I used the one just around the corner. I was on my way back when I felt a cutting curse hit me in the shoulder. That's when I fell down the stairs. I must have hit my head, cause I don't remember anything else." "So you didn't see them?" Harry asked, gently. "No I didn't see anything." "What about the message on your arm?" Ron asked. "What message?" the kid asked. "Madam Pomfrey had already bandaged it by the time I woke up." "You had 'SHUT YOUR MOUTH' burned into your arm. Can