My secret I have a secret that can never get out. It would ruin me if anyone ever found out. This is what happened when someone found out my secret…and it was nothing that I ever expected. A/N Ok this is a heads up, this is my very first fan fic. I've been a big time reader for years but this is my first attempt at ever writing one. I had a few friends look this over and edit it as best as I could but please keep that in mind. This fic contains sensitive subject matter. I would love constructive criticism and comments but please to not flame. I don't really know if I'm going to write more fic, I might even continue this one but I have to get public opinion on this one first Disclaimer: as much as I LOVE twilight it is not mine. All things twilight belongs to Stephanie Mayer's. PLEASE KEEP IN MIND: this is a MA fic with vary sensitive subject matter. If sex and mention of rape fantasy offend you please do not read. I know for many this is a very sensitive subject. But like most kinks when done in a safe and controlled way in can be very enjoyable. Neither I nor this story in anyway means to advocate the acceptance of actual rape or that real rape is anything but a crime. ~~*MS*~~ I have a secret. One I can never tell. A secret that if it ever got out, would ruin me. My name is Bella Swan, 19 year old collage sophomore. I am very average, 5'5", brown eyes, brown hair, pale clear complexion. My dad's the chef of police in my home town and my mom is a kindergarten teacher. My best friends are twins, Edward and Alice Cullen. I get decent grades in school and I volunteer when I have the time. All in all I am exactly what everyone expects me to be, except for my secret. To many people my secret may seem insensitive, uncaring, and heartless even; to other it's dangerous and destructive. I want to be raped. Yes you heard me right, I want to be raped. Ok let me stop right there. I do not mean the real thing. I know that, that kind of thing can destroy a person. I mean fantasy rape, much more controlled, you know its coming even if you don't know when and where, and most importantly you know who. But you still see why no one can ever know my secret. What kind of woman WANT'S to be taken by forced, but I do. It stared years ago when James Hunter held my face to make me kiss him; I was 14 at the time. The lack of controlled thrilled me, and for the first time I was turned on. That was really all he did, but it was my first taste. Now however my fantasy is confined to my computer. Between my favorite porn sites, and my favorite fan fiction authors, I am pretty good at satisfying myself. Of course I never save anything and I clear all history when I have the itch. I would die it anyone found out. ~~*MS*~~ "Hey Bella, can I borrow your computer" my best friend Edward asked. Edward and his fraternal twin Alice have been my two best friends since they moved to forks when we were 8. I don't think I could have survived this long without them. I was a terribly shy child. But thanks to their forceful personality I have come out of my shell a lot. I know I'll never be the life of the party but at least of not afraid to open my mouth. I'm not blind I know my best guy friend is fucking sex on legs. Just over 6 feet tall, broad shoulders, chiseled pecks and a face that could make angles cry. But before you get the wrong idea, we are just friends, that all….unfortunately. Yea, I have a thing for him, unrequited love and all that bullshit. But that's never going to happen, so I try not to think about it too much…even if it kills me sometime. "What" I say, looking up from my well-loved copy of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. "Can I borrow your computer' he repeats holding up my laptop. "I still havent got mine fixed and I really don't want to spend the next, who know how many hours doing it at the library". I shake my head and smile at him. "Sure go head just make sure to get it back to me in one piece" I reply playfully He sticks out his tongue, turns and walks out my room and across the hall to his. Yea we live together with Alice, as well as Jasper. Japer is Alice's boyfriend and Edwards other best friend. We all have our own rooms, even though we all now Alice only uses her as a closet. Edwards's parents own the property so none of us have to pay rent, which is a monumental help for a couple of struggling college kids. I let out a sigh and go back to my book. ~~*MS**~~ It been over a week and Edward still has my computer. I don't want to bother him so I've just been going to the library. I love it in here anyway so it no problem for me. I look at my watch and realize that Ms. Crawl, the librarian, will be closing up soon. I go ahead and pack my bag, and walk outside. I go to check my phone and realize its dead. Well so much for calling for a ride. Oh well it's not really a big deal. I don't live fare, the library is on the edge of campus and my house is only a mile or so down the road. As I set out into the fresh fall air I can't help but feel like there is a pair of eyes on me. I stop and look around, but don't see anything. I shrug it off and keep going. In only a minute or so later that the feeling returns. I can't help but giggle at my own paranoia. I've been reading too much fan fiction lately I guess. I decide to go ahead and cut down the alley way between the street I'm on and the street my house is on. I'm only about a block and half away and this short cut is quite a bit quicker. I'm about half way down the alley when I hear the unmistakable crunch of a footstep. I let out a soft gasp and before I can even turn around I am pressed up against a wall. Two hands grab my wrist pinning them to the wall, a body presses into my back, so I am unable to move an inch. "Don't scream, don't even make a sound and you won't get hurt. Got it?" a harsh voice whispers in my ear. I shock myself by whimpering, and nod my head. "Good. Now were going to have a little fun. You're going to do exactly what I say. No hesitation, arguing, no questions, no words at all. Do you understand" the voice continues quietly. Quiet enough to send a shiver down my body to my very core. I nod again. "You're a pretty little thing aren't you?" He moves both of my wrists to one hand and runs the other down my body slowly. I can feel him grind his hard on into my back. Somewhere in my mind I know I should be fighting to get away, kicking, screaming, I don't know but something. But all I do is let out a low wonton moan. "First things first. I want that cute little mouth of your wrapped around my aching cock. Do you feel how hard I already am, just thinking of hitting the back of your throat as you choke on my dick." He murmurs as he presses into my back. He runs his hands under my shirt and I feel the snap of my bra as he pulls it from my body. His large soft hands move up my stomach to my hard nipples and he squeezes them hard. He takes the points in between his fingers and pinches to almost the point of pain. Instead of crying out in pain though I cry out in ecstasy. He's rough and merciless with my breast, squeezing, pulling and pinching until I'm almost ready to cum just from the stimulation. It takes everything in me not to scream, not in terror but in exaltation. "Now get on your knees" his hand moving to my shoulder leaves little option but to comply. "And do not look up." I stare at the concrete as he helps me turn around to face him. I see he is already straining in his paints. He is very excited. "Now pull it out, and show me what those plump lips of yours can really do." Shakily I raise my hands to lower his zipper. He's going commando so I see his thick, long, and incredibly hard dick instantly. I surprised at how much I want to taste it. I pull his pants down around his ankles and wrap my hand around his shaft. I take a lick from the base to the head. "Fuck" he mumbles "that's it my little slut. Lick me like I'm the best fucking lollipop you have ever had' I slowly put the head in my mouth and start to move. He gives me a moment to adjust to his larger size before he grabs the sides of my head roughly. "Hold on to my thighs my little girl. This is not going to be easy or slow. This is for my pleasure not yours." I grab his thighs and try to stable myself as he starts to pump fiercely into my mouth, hitting the back of my throat. "That's it bitch. Take it. Take all of my dick. I want to hear you gag, to know I am the one who controls you." He growls "fuck yes. Suck it hard. There's a good girl." I can almost hear him smirk "You enjoy this don't you? I bet you've soaked right through those panties of yours right about now. You enjoy me fucking you're your face; you enjoy pleasing me, don't you. And you're doing such a good job." I can't stifle the wonton moan that I release. He's right. I can feel my arousal actually running down my leg. Of all the days I pick to wear a skirt it had to be today. "Tell me baby do you want me to do this to your pretty little pussy. Do you want it to be wrapped around my cock squeezing it like your throat is now? Do you want me to bend you over and take you against this wall? I think I will do just that" he says pulling out of my mouth and yanking me up. I already know somehow that I'm supposed to look down and that's exactly what I do. He turns me back around to face the wall. Bends me over slightly and places my hands right where he wants them "But first before you get to feel my cock I'm going to see if you pretty pussy tastes as delicious and it smells" He pulls my skirt up over my ass. He shocks me again by grabbing the back of my thong and pulling it hard so it's between my lips. "God, you're turned on. Your little black thong is soaked. "He bends over and bites my ass, then licks the spot immediately. He grabs the side of my panties and I hear a snap and feel a sting as he literally rips them from my body. Once again I know I should be scared or at least angry. But I can't help the