Percy Jackson, Son of Hera: Disclaimer all PJO references belong to Rick Riordan Disclaimer abilities idea belong to Star Wars Disclaimer ability list taken from: 1) Unknown Author, wiki/List_of_psychic_abilities , Modified last on 16th July 2013, Accessed on 20th July 2013 2) Unknown Author, 2008/01/06/list-of-metaphysical-and-psionic-abilit ies/ , Unknown Publish Date, Accessed 20th July 2013 (14 years ago) Olympus. Most mortal beings would consider this heaven. It was crafted by Athena and Hephaestus. The goddess of Wisdom and Battle Strategy and the god of the Forge and Fire. Marble. Olympic Marble. Most of Olympus was carved with this. The golden and brown swirls, patterned and outline with gold, on a cool white background, carved and used as the building blocks. But the Throne Room was the most extravagant and breathtaking part of what mortals would consider heaven. Twelve seats in a semicircle pulsed and hummed with more power than an atom bomb. Each seat had a design of the immortal that sat upon them, the middle seat had lightning carved designs in the seat, the arm rest end, rounded like clouds. The seat of Zeus. The god of the Sky. The Throne Room was normally mostly empty, a single hearth flame burning in the middle of the room by Hestia, the forgotten goddess; but not today. Normally the gods were only seen during the Summer and Winter Solstice, but today the Queen of Heaven sat on her throne fuming. Power radiating off her in waves, angry, hating. Her husband, King of the gods, had once again gone and done what mortals would call "knocking-up" a woman. hatred coursed through her. As the goddess of Marriage, she was suppose to be "faithful" to her husband whilst he went up "knocking-up" woman, left, right and center. Hera, Queen of the gods, was angry. Everyone knew it, everyone hated her for it. She wanted a perfect family, yet she destroyed everything for it. She threw Hephaestus of Olympus because he didn't look good enough for her liking. She wanted absolute power. She wanted everything to be her way. Not Zeus's. Not the councils. She wanted everything her way. She was the Queen after all, wasn't she? She was suppose to be fed, nurtured, taken orders from like the queens of the insect world. But was she? No. She was despised, hated. She growled in the empty room. She will get the respect she desired, the respect she deserved. But first she needed to focus on the upcoming problem. Her stupid husband had a Greek daughter, and a Roman son. Not only was this a big breach to the Laws of Olympus, placed down at the Fall of Greece and the Rise of Rome; but he had two children. Two children possible to Great Prophecy looming over their heads. She grimaced. Children of Zeus were power hungry. That was their fatal flaw. A constant, subconscious lust for power. But none of this would happen if they only didn't make demigod childrens like candy. Her form flickered. Her cool cotton robes morphing into a goat fur coat and clothing. She was no longer Hera, but Juno. The one who wants; patron of Rome. But what no one knows, only her, she had one domain that overruled nearly everything; the domain of Psychic power. Juno placed both her hands on her head, fingers splayed out and touching various needed points on her head. She closed her pulsing orange eyes, stretching her senses out, and finding Jason. The new son of Jupiter. Her faced morphed, stern. She stood up, and flashed away. It must have been a sight behold. A single woman in a fur coat jacket and clothing, walking in the torrential rain as it roared down. The goat fur coat staying still in the whipping wind as they roared around her, yet she was still and not wet. Mortal, Immortal. It did not matter. They would see nothing as Juno wove an invisible Psionic Shield. The wind and rain pattered against it, not even touching. She looked at the house. Where Zeus and Jupiter had given two children. She snarled against the wind, she would castrate that pig of a man. Sure his body part would reform eventually. But she would make sure it didn't happen for a century at the least. She felt that anger bubbling underneath, that hatred fuming like a fire. It roared in her ears, she was angry. No she wasn't angry, she was enraged in fury. She could feel the wind and rain now whipping away from her, the Psychic power emanating from her going wild. She instantly disappeared, reappearing at the door of the house, just as her Psionic Shield disappeared, but she did not flash there. She used something within her domain. She used Apportation, she looked at the door her eyes glowed and pulsed with an eerie orange glow. Instantly she extended her senses but again not using her godly power but Psionic power. Dowsing, that was what it was called, she could sense every object, the wooden table with a vase on it, next to the door. She could sense the the corridor that led straight down into a stairway, twin white arches in the wall to her right would bring her into the living room. Warm, brown, fuzzy carpet with a red curtain hanging like a blood soaked cloth behind the black plasma TV. She could sense the little girl on the couch, she growled, she could not use two powers as once. For her it was impossible; she hadn't trained enough in this power. It was too risky for her plans. That had to be the Daughter of Zeus. She snarled, stupid Greek Zeus children, she was not here for that worthless girl. She was about to stretch her senses out even further, when suddenly she could feel it. A little boy, no more than six months of age in a womans arms. She knew what she had to do. Juno was about to retract her Dowsing senses when suddenly it hit her. The woman. This vile whore of a woman. Was a Psionic Wielder. A Psychic. She growled. All Psychic's should be under her control. It was one domain that was for her and her alone. The problem was that the chances of having a demigod that had Psionic capabilities was that it was a one in a quadrillion chance. Or a hundred percentage chance if it was from her Roman form. But she would not be like the rest of the gods. She would not be tainted. The woman holding the baby snapped her head towards the door, her eyes widening. Juno cursed, the woman knew she was here. She could see the woman passing the baby boy, the Son of Jupiter, to the Daughter of Zeus. Juno retracted Dowsing and prepared the Psionic Power of telekinesis. Immediately Juno rose a shield just as the woman blew the door at her. The door shattered into a million pieces as it crashed against a telekinetic shield that she rose, the basic Psionic Shield would not work here. This woman was more powerful in the Psionic side of things, and she could not change to her godly form or powers in fear of not only harming the boy, but also because that would take time. She did not have time. She snarled at the woman, for being more powerful than her Psionically and for having twin children of the King of the gods. She threw out a force wave of telekinetic energy, the woman just rose her hands in an X-formation and created a self barrier of Psionic Energy. Suddenly the woman changed Psionic Form, immediately the vase caught on fire, then the fire flew towards her. Juno snarled again, raising another telekinetic shield to protect herself. She could not change form that quickly, if she tried she would leave a five second opening, enough for this woman to hurt her badly. True that whilst she was a goddess and this was just a mere mortal. The Psionic power that rolled of her was immense. If they graded her in the way of immortal power, she would be that of an Olympian Council god. Juno dodge to the left as a jet of fire blew past her, only for her to stumble forwards and scream as the fire hit her. Thankfully she had raised a telekinetic shield to hold herself safe at the last minute, but a bit of the fire had scorched her back. Her goat fur coat was burnt and charred, Juno grimaced as a trickle of Golden Ichor slowly rolled down her burnt back. Juno looked at the woman, and at the vase where the fire was. Immediately she flung out her hand to the vase, before lifting it and flinging it at the woman. The woman just changed form and flung it back at her with even greater force. Juno tried to stop it, reaching out with her telekinesis, only for the vas to keep going. Juno dodge backwards, using telekinesis to enhance her movements. When she straightened up the woman's face was in shock. Juno grinned. Obviously this woman had not figured that out, nor had she learnt about it yet. Juno formed a telekinetic knife, forcing her telekinesis power into the shape of a knife; a Psionic, or Psi, blade. A week one, true, but none a less a blade made of Psionic telekinetic power. A sudden green glow appeared from inside her hand, before a short grey knife like shape appeared in her hand. Juno grinned maniacally at the woman who looked at her, still in shock. Immediately, trying to take advantage of it whilst she could, her movements were a blur, moving fast enough that the all the woman saw was an image of this other women in a goat fur coat, dashing at her in a blur, before she gasped, she looked down. The grey blade was had all but disappeared as its entire length sunk into the woman's body. The woman opened her mouth, only for blood to spill out of it, before Juno threw her off the blade. The womans body made a muffled thump sound as she fell on the corridor in her house. Juno knew that the woman wasn't dead. But death was too easy escape for her. No. Juno knew her life. If she went to the underworld now she would be given into Elysian Fields. She snarled, getting on her knees in the woman's blood, her form changed again. Juno channeled Energy Medicine from her Psionic domain, healing the wound. She then used telepathy to change the woman's memories, she changed how this woman felt towards her children. How she would now blame everything on Greek demigod, saying everything was her fault. Saying that her brother had died. Juno got up, she looked at the girl, grinning. The demigod of Zeus, cringed into a tighter ball on the carpet. Juno would leave her with her memories intact. Let her life be living hell for being a daughter of her husband. Juno walked to where the boy was behind her, pushing aside Thalia with telekinesis and grabbing the boy by the head, her fingers like a claw machine around the head of a doll. Her eyes pulsed orange as she forced the boys eyes to close, and she disappeared using Apportation. Leaving the demigod of Zeus alive, leaving her in what would soon be, torturing hell. The forest was dark in the night, looming shadows everywhere. Like a fingers of Hades. Waiting. Watching. Juno stood there, the baby boy, Son of Jupiter, forced asleep. Hovering in mid air. "Lupa." Juno called into the forest, "Will you deny the summon of your Queen?" the voice of Juno snarled like those gnarled trees around her. "No my Queen." a voice said, a giant black wolf stalking around the Queen of Olympus. Imperial Gold claws hidden in the darkness, pulsing yellow eyes looked back