Percy Jackson, the Mortal Prologue Disclaimer: Idea for girl to morph into weapon comes from Soul Eater Disclaimer: The explanation for the boys abilities (and really what he can do) comes from X-Men First Class (Shaw) Disclaimer: Atrax and his sword idea comes from League of Legends by Riot Games Disclaimer: Idea for girl to eat left over red ball things (which will be explained later) comes from Soul Eater The night sky was peaceful, as it usually is, that is until they clashed. Twin figure's of shadows in the night, one that held a sword which see to swirl with lightning and air, the other being held a sword deep dark red in color, an extravagant design of swirls and curves that led down to the hilt, decorating it. One made of Sky metal, the other made of Darkin Ore. And only one type of beings could wield these weapons. Demiprimordials. Abominations, as what they were considered by the Olympian Council. Such was their raw power, for a half mortal, half immortal. That some of these childrens could make it to immortality by themselves. They were said to be more powerful than the Olympian Council members themselves. But such great power came at a heavy price. They were hunted down by the gods of this century, gods of the 21st century. So much that to the known mythological world, these two beings were the last of their kind. And their fury was the very force of nature itself. The sky thundered and cracked as the power of nature was unleashed, lightning crashed around them. "You're out of your domain Atrax." the one flying without wings sneered, a golden white aura surrounded him, whipping around as though the wind had any effect on it. The being known as Atrax just looked upon the man, a black and red aura sprang to life around him, sizzling as it came in contact with the air. "Give me what you stole from me." he growled, the air stopped, lightning still crashed, but it was faint. Like someone was tuning them out. The sword suddenly flashed with purple light, an aura of blood red and deep purple wrapping around it like a rope. "Yours?" the man as in disbelief, before laughing, "It is no longer yours. It is mine." he grinned sadistically. "Then I'll pry it from your dead body!" he snarled before launching forward, his black skeleton wings with red see through flaps, glowed in the night. "Pathetic." the other man sneered, his sword coming up into a guard as he blocked a direct stab to the head from Atrax. Close up, both men were breathing hard, both men were already wounded. Blood came down from Atrax's face, a long jagged scar ran vertically up his right face whilst the other mans chest was bleeding. A slice wound could be seen. "I haven't even gotten started yet." Atrax snarled. The red aura swirled around him as he swung back his sword in a full circle, the mere force from the cleaving blow blew the other man to the right. The world became a blur around Atrax as he dashed just as fast to the man before bringing the sword down in a vertical stroke, the blade slicing deep into mans chest and smashing him down. Blood gushed out of the wound, splashing all over Atrax's chest. His eyes glowed pure blood red. He dove down after the tumbling figure, black against the night sky. His sword singing in the air as he flew. Only for it to stop when it clashed against the sword of his enemy. "You think I'm that weak?" the man snarled, they were so close that Atrax could feel the breath of this man on his face. Atrax snarled before pushing back, just as a strong gust of wind slash in front of him, just catching his chest on the edge. His skin was ripped off where the wind touched him. Like an invisible claw cutting him. The other man grinned menacingly. "I do not have to think." Atrax snarled, "I know." His sword's aura turned entirely red, not a single tinge of purple left, "Tonight you die." Atrax growled as his changed to silts, "And I will dine on your blood." he changed the grip on his sword, from facing upwards in a Jedi-like pose he changed it so that the tip was facing the man. His blade was unlike any other. Instead of just being a single blade which had two-sides like the Roman Spatha, it was three sided. When the blade was looked at straight, instead of a flat line it was shaped like a "Y". Each sided jagged, each side engraved in runes, each side powered by an aura so old that even the Primordials struggled to understand it. Suddenly the man flew, a sonic boom exploded out from him, his entire body seemed to smoke shadows as he flew. "Pathetic." the other man growled before bringing his sword down in an arch, only to pass right through Atrax and disperse him like a cloud, "What?" he questioned, a sudden chill went down his back. "There are things that even you cannot comprehend." Atrax snarled from behind him, crashing his knee into his spinal cord. The man cried out, as he was pushed forward from the force; Atrax swung his sword vertically. Only for it to be stopped by a blade coming up. "That's all the tricks you have?" the man snarled, his blade became nothing more than a mere blur as he spun around and attack. If anyone were to look up they would see nothing but a dark sky, maybe flashes of lightning which illuminated the sky. To any mortal looking they might have seen twin silhouettes flying and crashing; they might have rubbed their eyes and wondered what was going on, only to look again and see nothing. They would then continue on their lives; ignoring everything around them. Yet no one saw them that night, but a single baby, one fated baby, rested on an apartments balcony, held by his mother as they watched the night sky, an open milk bottle next to her, steaming hot. Across New York another mother and child walked the night streets. The lamp night lights casting an eerie glow on them, their shadows reached far behind them like some ghost stalking in the land of the living. "I have even started yet." Atrax growled as his sword became a blur, the heavy three sided sword blocking every stroke, every cut of the mans attacks, "Now I'm all warmed up!" he roared, he leaned to the left as a left-downward diagonal stroke came down. His right hand, with the sword, then jabbed upwards, stabbing his three way sword right through the mans body. "Impossible." he gasped, blood already trickling out of the corners of his mouth. "Nothing is ever truly impossible Idez." Atrax whispered softly, "You should know that." "Then you should know it is stupidity to be so close to me." he whispered back before lightning arched from his open palm. Idez had somehow gotten his palm underneath Atrax's torso whilst he talked, he watched in glee as Atrax screamed when he was thrown away. Lightning dancing around him like snakes. Yet even as he did that Idez coughed blood, and jerked forward, the lightning stopped, "What?" he asked, blood coming down. "My blade, it drinks your aura." Atrax whispered, floating there, his charred body obvious. Idez gripped the sword with both hands, his knuckles turning white as he tried to pull it out. "I will -" he began but stopped when he coughed up blood, it arched like water from a water statue. "You will die." Atrax snarled as he dashed forwards. "Then you will die with me!" Idez roared as he brought up his sword, swinging it down right into the path of a flying Son of Tartarus. The blue blur disappearing right through a smoky screen as it came down where his wings would've met his body, "You forget I have already seen that trick Atrax." he whispered, a small coy smile playing on his lips as he reversed his grip on the sword and stabbing it back. The smoky cloud dispersed. "You forget I already know that." Atrax whispered in front of him, as his open right palm slammed into the protruding hilt of his blade. Pushing it in further; he watched as Idez screamed as his aura was drained from him. Then it stopped. There was no more aura to be drained. Atrax's sword glowed red with tinges of blue, swirling around it like a whirlwind. Atrax and Idez floated in front of one another, simple. "Stupid." Idez coughed, even as he began to slowly descend, "You forgot the key thing of aura draining." "I haven't." Atraxs whispered. "Then leave." Idez whispered back. "Too late." Atraxs gasped even as he looked at the sky blue blade stabbed through his stomach. "That is true." Idez breathed even as he closed his eyes, "Die." was the last word Atraxs heard before the world exploded. Both mothers who were watching would've seen nothing, maybe a parting of clouds as the aura drainage from Idez caused something much much worse. When something, as powerful as a demipromordials aura is completely drained, a timer goes off. The aura core, wherever it may be as it varies from person to person, explodes. The more powerful the being, the more powerful the explosion. Both of those demiprimordials exploded with enough force to place a hydrogen bomb to shame. Yet no one saw as both explosions rained the world with glittering pieces of broken off aura. Both mothers didn't care. They even didn't see the falling superheated sword. They didn't see the breaking of the sword as half of it melted off in mid flight, the mother on the balcony didn't see as the front half of the sword melted and changed into an orb, falling from the sky. The mother on the balcony didn't see as she turned to go into the house, didn't see the orb change its size, from half a sword into a sphere the size of baseball. Didn't see as the entire thing slipped into the milk bottle, didn't see as it changed the milk. Didn't see as she poured it down her sons throat as she fed him the milk. The other half of the blade was tumbling through the sky. Its red white super heated blade falling in the sky. Yet the baby looked upon it as it slammed into the ground, sinking in so it looked like the fabled sword, Excalibur of King Arthur. Her eyes, even at that young age, calculated it. The red hot blade seemed to melt into the cracks of the ground. The mother saw nothing of it. Too busy with her bag was she that the five senses of her human body were cut off from the world around her to zoom in on her bag. The baby gurgled at it. The baby girl reached her hand for it and immediately it reacted. The melting liquid bursted from the ground, revolving up in a silent whirlwind of heat and light. The mother still blinded by her bag, ignored it; thinking nothing of the increasing wind. The sword melted all together into nothing but a band of molten metal, twirling towards the baby girl with her arm stretched out. It suddenly struck forward, swirling around her arm; her mouth open in amazement, before it lashed out and disappeared into her chest. The girl eyes widen even more before she clapped her hands, gurgling in joy. The sword wavered in the ground for a few more seconds before disintegrating in the wind. Fine grey dust like a wind blowing through a dusty bookstore. "Yes, yes darling." the mother cooed as she came back out from the realm of her bag, reaching for baby trolley handle, and pushing