Disclaimer: I do not own anything of the Harry Potter world that honor rests with J.K. Rowling, but original characters are mine please rate and review Author's Note (June 30th, 2014): To sort of celebrate the one year anniversary of this story, I went back and re-mastered Chapters 1 and 2 to my current writing level. Also I'm starting a little contest where the reader that catches the most references to other fanfictions and series, such as movies, television shows, books, etc. within the current chapters up until the end of Goblet of Fire will receive either a sneak peek of a later chapter or a character cameo of their choice in a later chapter or sequel. PM the ones you get and the winner will be announced when the final chapter of Goblet is posted. May the odds ever be in your favor. Chapter 1: Late Night Visit Ginny Weasley woke with a start and cold sweat, breathing heavily. Looking around she took comfort from the fact that she was in the Hospital Wing and not the cold Chamber of Secrets. Even the thought of the chamber brought everything that had happened down there freshly to her; Riddle – no, Voldemort – coming out of the diary and Harry rescuing her by killing the Basilisk and destroying Voldemort's diary. Rubbing her eyes to wipe away any tears that had escaped, she shifted in her bed and tried to fall back asleep, but the memories kept rising up in her mind, tormenting her. While the other students had been feasting and were now lying in their comfortable beds, she was being forced to relive everything that had happened that year. She had thought she would miss not being with the others, but found she only wanted solitude to give her time to rebuild her shattered emotions. Flashes of killing Hagrid's chickens and writing on the walls with paint surfaced and she shut her eyes to try and stop the barrage. But even with her eyes closed, she saw Colin's shocked face as he faced the basilisk, saw Hermione lying on the ground, her eyes cold and a mirror in hand. Worst of all, she could hear his laughter ringing in her head. She couldn't stop the tears from leaking through her closed eyelids and she hated herself for it. Most importantly, she hated him for turning her into such an emotional wreck. 'If only I hadn't been so stupid to trust him,' she thought to herself. 'I should have known better than to trust him, but he seemed so nice. I just wish I had realized sooner so no one would have been hurt or Harry wouldn't have had to risk his life to stop me.' 'Silly girl,' his voice said in her head. She tried to shut her eyes tighter to keep the memory from rising, but she couldn't stop it. 'You poured too much into me, Ginerva,' Tom had said. She had staggered back, dropping the diary as his voice echoed through the Chamber. 'Too much of your soul and secrets.' 'What do you mean?' she had said aloud, her vision starting to grow a little hazy. 'I should be thanking you in a way,' Tom's voice continued. 'You have assisted me in the greatest way possible.' 'What?' she had muttered confused. 'You'll see,' he had chuckled coldly. A black and white light erupted out of the diary at that point and she felt her heart race from fear as Tom slowly rose out of the diary. He had been just as black and white as the light had been, but color slowly seemed to be fading in. 'That's impossible,' she had whispered, feeling suddenly very tired. 'Power lets one do anything, young Ginerva. It can even allow a memory to take shape,' Tom had stated coldly. 'It is the purpose for those of you who are . . . weaker than others to be stepping stones in our search for power and greatness.' 'But that's wrong,' she had protested weakly. 'The pursuit of power is everything,' Tom said quietly. 'If you were more powerful, you may have been able to capture the love of Harry Potter. He will never love someone as weak and pathetic as you. "Oh Tom, Harry never notices me what can I do to get his attention? Dear Tom, I can't seem to pluck up the courage to talk to him, do you have suggestions?" It sickened me to no end.' 'But, you were my friend,' she cried, even weaker than before. 'Then let me show you what I truly am,' Tom laughed coldly. Then he bombarded her with his memories, memories of horrifying things he had done to the students of Hogwarts. He always made sure to wipe their minds or use his friends to protect his reputation of being the model student. 'Now you see the real me, dear Ginerva.' Tom smiled. 'Who are you?' she had whispered, her eyesight flickering. The strength in her legs had fled her at that point and she collapsed heavily to the stone floor. 'You don't need to know, Ginerva, my sweet,' Tom whispered. He bent down and slowly caressed her cheek as she had just witnessed him doing to countless other girls. 'All you need to know is that I'm going to kill Harry Potter.' 'No!' she had tried to yell, but it came out a pitiful whisper. 'Don't kill him, he's never done anything to you.' 'On the contrary, Ginerva, he has done everything to me,' Tom had hissed in her ear. 'You're going to die down here, but your death will allow me to rise again. To thank you for that, I give you the solace of knowing you will never see Harry Potter die as you soon will be gone.' 'No, please . . . don't . . . kill . . . him,' she struggled to say as her consciousness had faded away. Ginny knew now why Tom had been so cruel and evil, he had been Voldemort all that time. He had been offering her "advice" all year and keeping her secrets, but he had just been feeding off her misery and weakening her soul to strengthen himself. As the tears fell freely now, Ginny wished she had never received that diary, wished that she could wipe all the horror away, wished she could just be a little girl in her dad's arms again. She could never go back to that though, her childhood was over at the age of eleven and nine months. She curled in on herself, tears still flowing, wanting nothing more than to be held and comforted by someone who could make the nightmares stop. Through her quiet crying, she heard the creak of the Hospital Wing door. Quickly wiping her eyes, she sat up in time to see the door close, but no one was there. "Hello? Who's there?" she whispered. Soft footsteps approached her bed, but still she couldn't see anyone. An indent appeared on the edge of her bed as something sat down there. Hands appeared and she moved back as far as she could, but the hands just moved up and suddenly Harry was sitting on her bed, holding a shimmery cloak. "Sweet Merlin, Harry, you scared me," Ginny whispered hoarsely. "Sorry," Harry said sheepishly. "Just thought you would like some company; I know what it's like to face him." "I really don't want to talk about it right now," she said, turning her head. "That's fine," Harry said. "What would you like to talk about?" "Where did you get an Invisibility Cloak?" she asked, turning back to face him. "It was my dad's, Dumbledore gave it to me last year," Harry answered, holding it out to her. Ginny took it slowly, running her fingers through the material, letting it calm her slightly. It felt like water moving over her hands. "It's amazing," she said. "This is how you and Hermione smuggled that dragon out last year, isn't it?" "That, and a few other activities," Harry said with a small grin. Ginny handed him back the cloak and he folded it on his lap. "Thank you for coming Harry," she whispered so softly Harry could barely hear her. "You would do the same for me, we're friends, Ginny," Harry said with a small smile. To Ginny, it meant the world and more that he considered them friends. They stayed silent for a few minutes before Ginny asked, "How do you do it?" "Do what?" Harry asked confused. "Stay so strong after facing . . . him," she said with a shudder, the tears threatening to fall again as another memory flashed through her mind of him. "I'm not sure," Harry admitted, turning thoughtful. "Maybe . . . it's because I know what my parents would do and I take strength from their example. Maybe it's because he's evil and someone needs to stop him." "But aren't you ever afraid?" she whispered. "I'm always afraid when I face him, but it's not letting the fear control me and protecting the people I care about that keeps me going." "But… how?" Harry smiled and quoted what Hogwarts, A History listed as the Gryffindor motto. "True courage isn't the absence of fear; it's acknowledging that you're afraid and doing what needs to be done in spite of it." She stared at him. "Then I wish I could be as brave as you, Harry. I just . . . I keep flashing back . . . to the Chamber . . . and I blame myself," Ginny said breaking down and sobbing. "It wasn't your fault," Harry replied a bit harshly, and, startled, she stopped sobbing. "Like Dumbledore said in McGonagall's office, Voldemort has fooled far older and more experienced wizards and witches." "But . . ." she started to say, but Harry interrupted her. "But nothing. How were you supposed to know Riddle was Voldemort? I wrote in the diary too, Ginny, and he seemed nice enough. I even thought he helped me by showing what happened the night Myrtle died, but that was his trap. Voldemort lies to and manipulates everyone. He just didn't count on Ron and I talking with Hagrid to confirm the story." "But that proves you didn't trust him completely," Ginny said. "You didn't pour your heart out and let him know your secrets. You didn't let him control you." "You didn't let him control you," Harry argued. "He manipulated you, tore apart your emotions and isolated you from everyone. That wasn't your fault, that was his plan and no one could have stopped that." "If I had listened to my father about enchanted objects, nothing would have happened," Ginny sniffed, rubbing her eyes again to stop more tears. "You saved me though, Ginny," Harry said, changing his argument. "What? How?" she asked bewildered. "By stealing the diary back, you stopped Riddle from gaining a foothold in me," Harry stated. "You knew what it would mean, I think by that point, but you did it anyway." "No, I still had no clue," she said, a sob catching in her throat. "I stole it back because I was terrified he would tell you what I had told him." "Riddle told me in the Chamber that you knew something was wrong though," Harry countered. "You threw the diary away in Myrtle's bathroom when you started to suspect you were causing the attacks." Ginny had no answer to this except to lower her head. "Ginny . . . would it help if I told you my side of how this year went? Not just what I explained in McGonagall's office, but everything else too." Harry asked her quietly. Ginny slowly looked up into Harry's green eyes. "Maybe it will help you," he said even quieter. Ginny just kept looking into his eyes, her throat constricting slightly but she nodded yes. "When all of this started, I thought I was going crazy. I