A/N: Hey guys. This is my first Oneshot. I'm trying to widen the pacing of my stories as I find that I got through the plot too quickly and it causes things like writer's block and short chapters. I tend to make characters to powerful or weak and never describe everything properly. This story is a test to see how you guys react to my one-shots too see if they get a better reaction to my full stories. I'm not personally much for one shots, I like proper stories, but again this is a test so please review and if you're here for a first time on my stories check my profile for my other stories :D A knock resounded on an expensive mahogany door. The words 'Nick Fury - Director'. Were engraved into a steel panel. "Enter!" A gruff voice yelled. The door opened to reveal a well-dressed man sitting behind a dark desk. His hands sifted through piles of files and folders. "Ahh, Mr Jac-" "Cut the crap Fury. I will not continue to be your puppet. I resign." The ravened haired man dropped a file on Fury's desk. "Don't come after me,Fury. The loss of agents would be crippling." With the last threat, the man strolled out of the shocked man's office and closed the door. Fury jumped from his seat and sprinted out the door. When he got there, he saw his receptionist knocked out on the floor and an empty room. The roof panels were open. He put his hand to his right ear. "All agents. Search the building. Level 15 Agent Jackson is in the building suspected to be in the ceiling or any ventilation. Do not let him leave." Agents started running up and down the building, carrying their sidearms at the ready and searching everywhere in the building. After a few minutes- " Sir, no sign of the target. He's gone ." Coulson spoke through his ear. Fury turned and in a burst of anger, some would say fury, he put a hole in his wall. "Dammit." TIMESKIP 12 YEARS "Daddy! Look at this!" A young boy's voice spoke excitedly. A man, looking just younger than 30, smiled down at a black haired boy with tanned skin. The man looked shocked like he had been brought out of old memories by the young boy's voice. The boy held up a rocket made from the insides of toilet paper rolls and small cardboard cutouts. A woman leaned against the door frame with a peaceful smile on her face. "Huh. That's amazing, Danny. Good Job." The man knelt down to the young boy and held him in one arm. "How did you make that such an awesome rocket?" The man's voice was filled with pride and happiness. "Mommy helped!" The boy beamed at the blonde haired women by the door. The women gave the boy a hug and told him to go play with his rocket outside. The boy ran off in excitement, waving the rocket around in twisting motions through the air, making engine noises as he went, "Those memories keep coming back?" The women asked with a sigh, a nurturing smile being shown. Gunshots rang in the man's ears. He closed his eyes and sighed. "Mhmm." "What was it this time?" She asked, wrapping her arms around the man. He leaned into her hug. "The day of my resignations. I can't help but feel like something's going to happen soon beth. What am I going to do? What about Daniel?" The man questioned, closing his eyes to fight back tears. "First of all, let's start with not calling me beth, honey. I don't know, dear. We just have to hope for the best. You left that life behind. You took precautions to make sure nobody could find us. We'll be safe, Percy." The woman held him tighter. "Sorry, Annabeth. I just- I just can't help but feel like something bad's going to happen." The woman, now named Annabeth released him from the hug and he stood from his crouch. "C'mon. Let's go play with Danny, make sure he doesn't break that rocket." They chuckled and walked down the hall towards the back garden, hand in hand with smiles on their faces. LINEBREAK Percy walked down the street towards his house with his son Danny at his side. They were carrying Jewelry boxes wrapped in birthday paper for Annabeth's birthday in a few days. They chatted happily with each other. Danny looked up at his father and saw something flash in his eyes, which quickly flicked over to a group of men on the other side of the street. Danny looked at them but Percy brought his attention back by talking. Danny was worried. He'd never seen that look in his father's eyes. Suspicious and fearful. He shrugged it off as a trick of the afternoon sun on his eyes and continued skipping along the pavement with his father next to him. Percy seemed rushed. When they got home his dad told him to go and hide the presents and get his mother. When Danny and Annabeth walked into the attic, Percy's study, they found him looking out the window with his binoculars. This was strange because he never usually looked near the ground, usually at the horizon. "Annabeth I think they found me." Percy rushed with a slightly trembling voice, scared for his family. "Calm down, Percy. I seriously doubt it. Your nerves are just acting up because of the dreams, honey." She rubbed his shoulder and smiled at him. He hesitantly nodded and put the binoculars back on the windowsill. "Hey, squirt." He knelt down to his son and hugged him. "Did you hide them?" He whispered in Danny's ear. "Mhmm." Danny quietly murmured back. Percy lifted him up and started tickling him. The young boy giggled loudly with glee, squirming to be released from his father's tickling. "Sss- Haha- S-stop, please dad. I-Ha-I c-can't b-breathe!" Danny wheezed between breaths and giggles. The raven haired man signed at put his son down, poking him in the ribs one last time. "Okay, squirt, head to your room and get your PJs on." He told the young boy. At the mention of his Pajamas, the boy yawned loudly and nodded, laughing at his dad before heading down the steps from the attic into his room. "Okay, sweetie. I have the night shift so I'm going to go to work. Love you." He kissed Annabeth and hugged her before walking out, grabbing his jacket as he went. "Love you too, Perce." She waved him goodbye as he got in they car and drove away. She went into Danny's room. "Come on, mister get in bed." She grabbed Danny as he ran around the room laughing, his rocket trailing above him in his hands. She picked him up and flew him towards his bed as he made plane noises. He laughed loudly as he 'crashed' into the bed, placing his rocket next to his alarm clock. Annabeth kissed his forehead. "Night, sweetie. Love you." She pulled the duvet up to cover him. He snuggled into it. "Night, mom. Love you too." She flicked the lights off and glow in the dark stars and moons decorated the ceiling. She smiled one last time and left the room. LINEBREAK - 6AM Percy drove back up to his house and turned the car off with a sigh. He hated the night shift. He was a security guard at a local bank. He was the last line of defense if anybody broke into the vault. Taking his keys from his pocket, he turned to the door to unlock it. He was instantly on edge. The door frame game a huge hole in it and the door was opened slightly. He ran inside, barging the door out of the way so hard it bounced back off the wall. He ran straight to his son's room on the left. His duvet was on the floor. Mattress positioned at an off angle. He ripped the door to the side and sprinted to his and his wife's room, heart pumping. Gone. The whole room was trashed. His brain kicked in and his expertly trained brain picked up on every little thing in the house. The blood splatter on the wall. His brain ran calculations subconsciously. His heart pounded in his chest. He could feel his own pulse without checking it. Blood splatter. Starting at five foot. Kicked nose. Straight line at the top, blood went under a helmet visor. That meant someone kicked someone else nose who was wearing a helmet with a visor. Good. His wife fought back and wasn't drugged yet. Footprints on the floor. Eight- no nine men, all wearing combat boots. He spun in circles, trained eyes picking up every detail. His eyelids came down and when he opened them it was darker. He saw the door burst open with a pop, a charge blew it open. Nine men came charging through, hammering into the floor. His son was dragged outside by two men. He kicked and screamed. He smelled something and looked at his son's fingers. Ahh! His son was being smart. He knew he taught him well. Lotion. His son was leaving him a trail. He saw his wife being yanked from the room, her hands gripping the doorframe, leaving blood there. She spun harshly and kicked a man straight across the face. Blood shot from his face and splashed against the wall. He smelled something else. Plastic and aerosol; spray paint. He blinked and he was back in a plain hallway. He sniffed the air and it was still there. He looked down the hall and it was on the back of the front door. That's where he saw it. The dripping logo of a seven-headed monster. Blood-red ink dripping from the logo. He glared harshly. He ran to a draw and pulled out a torch. A blacklight. He shone it on the wall where he saw the gel-like lotion. It glowed under the light. He looked at the ground and saw the footprints glowing as well. His son had spilled it to leave a trail to follow. He ran outside following the path. Tire marks. Six wheels; military vehicle. Nine inches thick; BMY Truck model. About five tons. Brand new tires. These thoughts flashed through his head. Percy sprinted to the garage by his house and practically ripped the door open. Inside was quite possibly the best thing he ever bought. A matte black Lykan Hypersport sat in his garage. Obviously, it was bulletproof. Obviously, it held a world record for the fastest supercar in the world and obviously, it was awesome. His thoughts lingered on his family and he rested his palm on the glass. His hand was surrounded in green light and an unlocked symbol appeared on the window. The door popped open and he jumped in, pushed the accelerator and shot off down the road. LINEBREAK Fury signed papers and such as he put folders in his file. The sounds of New York ran beneath him. There was a slight swirling sound and he stopped immediately, looking up. Silence. He shook it off as bad nerves and looked back down at his paperwork. Click Now that sound he recognized and instantly froze. The sound of a gun being cocked. He turned and saw a silenced pistol aimed at his head. He glared hard at the person who held the weapon. They spun the gun on their finger and rested it at their side. "Fury, I need your help." He recognized that voice. It was gruffer now, deeper, but he still recognized it. "Mr Jackson?" He was deeply surprised. The face of his old agent revealed itself from the shadows. Fury was expecting the lopsided grin the boy usually showed, so he was even more surprised when he saw the pain in the eyes of his old apprentice. He nodded and pointed to