(A/N: I'm going to republish and continue the first part of 'Zenobia' next month. But here is the second part that doesn't have much to do with the first and may contain spoilers for the first and is a little bit easier to write considering the time.) Prelude... It couldn't be true! Yet she was there. The darkest coal hair and the most sanguine of red eyes. Her immaculate pale face. That tortured expression of 3,800 years of existence! Yet she didn't show any signs of physical fading: She was indeed the first dhampir born in the temples of the fertility goddesses and their ox.{He kept that fact a secret from a promise to her; She trusted in him and still even that wasn't broken.} There was only one who was that ancient and she was Zenobia. Compared to her; The Volturi were little ants just waiting to be squashed on. The power she possessed and the wisdom she acquired through long life made her a force of nature. If she was indeed still around... Doe's she want to destroy us? The three kings sat on their thrones. Yet only one seemed lost in his thoughts and he was Aro. Marcus took notice of his brother's distress rather quickly. He asked: "Is there something wrong? My brother? You seem disturbed?" Aro turned his head and said to Marcus and Caius: "I am unsure what your reaction is going to be once I deluge this to you; My brothers... So have mercy with your reactions to what I'm going to tell you..." "What is it you wish to tell us? Brother?" Caius replied. "Our OLDER trackers have felt the presance of our dear Zenobia. She is still alive and there is a matter of time before she comes seeking her children out." Aro foretold. "That primitive matriarch? It can't be! She was destroyed in the fires that destroyed our palace in Athens thousands of years ago!" Caius sneered laying back in his seat. "She saved us by her own sacrifice for the survival of her sons and daughters. If it wasn't for Zenobia none of us would still be here." Mediated Marcus who remembered the event. "Yes, That is true my brother. But do you think she is pleased with our current affairs and government? What if she sees what we made as disatisfactory?" Aro pondered doubting about they have been accomplishing all this time and tried to stay to the facts, He hated feeling uncertain and insecure, "She is the one who made the foundation of what this clan has been all about and we are the ones who built upon it." "When she was around there were no laws and we were not safe." Caius said sitting straighter in his throne. "Those days were much different by todays standards. She kept us safe from the shape changers with her own powers and left the other clans in awe." Chapter 1: A Mentor's Wisdom The year was 1671. The English weather was the usual rainy and unforgiving. The waves hit the rocks below the cliff in an aggressive fashion. Strong sea scent filled Zenobia's nostrels. She watched as a blonde man jumped off the cliff in a suicide attempt. She walked down to the shore line as he washed up on the sand. She knelt down in her pale rose corseted dress and removed the sea weed covering him and giggled: "Sir, That is not going to work." The light blonde haired man gazed up at her. He frowned and said, "... I am cursed." "A cursed existence or not; being dead doesn't solve the curse... Using the curse to your advantage doe's make life easier living with it." Wisdom spewed from her mouth and he began to recognize it. "Who are you?" He asked standing on his feet. The water dripping from his satin sky blue coat with white cuffs and wood buttons. "I am Zenobia, And you are?" She asked with a smile. "I am Carlisle Cullen. You ...are what I am?" He took close inspection of her blood red eyes and ivory skin. "Indeed, I am." She replied humorlessly. "You are... What mortals call vampire... You cannot die by regular means and yet are capable of so much more." "Capable of what other than killing?" "You are immortal now and you will never age. Mastering your interests becomes possible and in doing so you may benefit from yourself and for the benefit of others." Zenobia explained her dark eyes gazing at him. Carlisle thought for a moment longer and spoke, "What are you doing out here?" "I live in an abandoned Scottish castle. Though I didn't originate from this part of Europe. I am hiding here." "Why?" "I live in isolation from both worlds. For their safety and my own." She explained taking off her white glove and lending out her right hand to him. "Isolation?" He took her hand and when he looked down at this seemingly delicate hand; Carlisle recognized the sea glass like of her long fingernails and the softness of her palms. Also the paint marks on her hands."You are a painter?" "Yes, Would you like to see my collection?" She asked kindly. "Yes, It would be an insult to refuse." Zenobia lived in a small castle in the hills to the east of the cliffs. Farms laid on plots of lush green land. Dozens of sheep were being herded by shepherds. Much of this scenery reminded Zenobia of the ancient days. Except for the better structures and fashion sense. Zenobia used paintings to materialize the past and her memories. The things she did and the people she knew. The natural settings that stayed in her mind but withered with age; as she did not. The younger vampire walked closely beside her. The feeling he received from her was that of struggle and years of existence. Passive. Maybe guilt of the past bothered her. Yet still Zenobia puzzled Carlisle; She hid so well even if she was standing next to him. Her step was like a whisper in the ruins of the past. She was ancient... Any vampire could sense that. She could see a fire in the distance and the smell of smoke and blood. Zenobia centered around this disturbance. A cottage was on fire. It's barn and the hay roof of the home ablaze. Even though she shouldn't Zenobia wanted to know what was going on. As she approched a vampire ran out of the cottage with a girl in his arms and he continued to run. "Carlisle! Save the mortals in the cottage! I will get him!" Zenobia shouted out to her follower who complied in agreement. Zenobia chased after the unknown vampire. As fast as she could into the Scottish highland forest. She cetched up close enough to him to be able to use her molecular manipulation. With this power she bursted the arms and legs of the crystal being. The mortal girl fell to the floor unconscious but Zenobia could still hear her heart beat. "Why did you attack these people? Scum!?" She asked the dismembered vampire. Her red eyes could see it in his own; this vampire was a tracker... Why? "Murderess, You finally come out! Zenobia!" He chuckled menacingly as his female mate came up behind Zenobia and restrained her with both of her arms. Zenobia closed her eyes and obliterated the female vampire into shards of heated diamonds with her powers. "Is this about the Volturi?" "No, My master Kerudu has been looking for you all his existence and I believe that the Volturi have too... Destroy me..." He answered truthfully and Zenobia offered his last wish. "You are below me, vermin." She whispered dispersing the existence of the vampire. Zenobia knelt down to the mortal girl. She checked if the girl had bite marks and she did on her left arm. The now awake blonde girl began to cry and shutter in pain. The girl was changing and Zenobia held her down with the unparalleled strength of her arms. As she stopped screaming. The matron picked her up and ran back to the cottage. By now Carlisle already saved the bodies of the family. He laid them down on the grass. Zenobia could only hear the heart beat of one. The heart of the other daughter who was dying. Her blonde companion was reluctant to do anything to kill her or to make her a vampire. "Cullen! She only has minutes of life left! Let's save her." "And condemn her soul to damnation?" He cried. Zenobia could see the pain in his eyes. Zenobia closed her eyes. Religion was something she respected but chose not to follow. She was a realist afterall. A vampire realist? Really? "Then she would never have had a chance at all full life. This is mercy." Zenobia said as a frail voice spoke up. "My sister..." Whispered the changing girl half consciously. Zenobia bit the wrist of the burnt sister. She could smell the burnt flesh and hair of this poor teen. Her venom entered the veins and every part of her body. A few hours later she would look like her former self. It was because of Zenobia's occupation on this land that these girls were targeted. They brought the two girls to Zenobia's home where she was greeted by her constant companion Adrian. A beautiful teenage boy with curly brown hair and red eyes. He was dressed in a white blouse, a red velvet coat, black breeches and leather buckled shoes. "Shelley and Marjorie? What happened to them?" Adrian hurried to his master and her new friend. "You know these girls?" Zenobia spoke to her Adrian. "I sometimes go talk to them while they were milking the cows. They are twins and very close. Still, What happened?" "The Mac Gowan family were attacked by vampires. When the girls wake up... We will ask them why the vampires attacked their farm and not another." Zenobia failed to mention what the vampire said about the Volturi and that indestructible swine Kerudu who had complete regeneration from any kind of physical destruction. Didn't we throw him down an active volcano 3,000 years ago? Using Theramis's telekinesis? Adrian brought Shelley and Marjorie to the dungeon and locked them up in one of the cells. Afterward he went up to his master's bedroom and picked out two of her dresses that would fit a sixteen year old girl. Zenobia was forever 20 but from the time she was from; people were much smaller and she seemed to be more like a teenager by recent times standards. With buckets full of water from a near by well. Adrian cleaned off all the dirt and blood from the bodies of his new female companions. Even the burnt skin of Shelley came off and revealed newly pale and untarnished skin. Like a butterfly coming out of it's cocoon. He brushed the golden hair of the serene sisters and then left them there to wake up into a nightmare. Meanwhile, Zenobia displayed her works of art to Carlisle. These paintings seemed as if an Italian renaissance artist painted them. There was one that displayed many vampires who surrounded Zenobia who sat on a stone throne. Another portrait of a dark haired man of red eyes and regal posture. She learnt to paint from an Italian artist when she herself was dealing with the lows of immortality and abandonment by Theramis. "From these two paintings this man must have been your steward. He has the second most power in the painting." Carlisle analyzed closely and assuredly. "Yes, You are correct. He is Aro. A fool who is too ambitious and manipulative for his own good." She said smirking lightly. "He could be your brother." "Is that a jest from you? Mr. Cullen?" Zenobia laughed. "Dry humor wasn't one of my strong suits." He acknowledged respectfully with a nod. "Besides that... I am Aro's sire. By appearance we