Susan had taken it upon herself to educate me about our newest potions Professor. Apparently, the elderly man had previously taught at Hogwarts and had even taught her father when he had attended the school. I vaguely heard her mention something about how he invited his favourites to join some sort of ultra-exclusive club. I tried to pay attention to her words, I did, but all I could think about was how she had found out so much about the professor in the first place. Had she owled her father as soon as the welcoming feast had ended to get information about him? She thankfully stopped her talking as we approached the potions classroom and I frowned a little when I realised just how small the class had become. Was this it? Well it seemed that the professor wouldn't have many people to pick a favourite from. I followed Susan into the classroom and couldn't help but voice my curiosity, "Isn't it odd that there's not many people – sweet Merlin!" Helga, I should have learned by now to look where I was walking. Especially because I was so clumsy. But I had naturally assumed, as you would, that I would be able to walk into a classroom without tripping over but even that seemed to be too much of a task for me. Without even knowing how, I had tripped over seemingly nothing and went tumbling backwards. It was a small miracle that I didn't crash to the floor but rather I had the misfortune of tumbling into someone. Whoever's chest I had stumbled into, grabbed my shoulders to stabilise me. I let out a breath, startled by the sudden movement. "Thank you," I said wholeheartedly feeling grateful to whoever had spared me from the embarrassment of falling to the ground. "I don't know what I could have done –" Peering over my shoulder at my saviour I trailed off when I met dark, unimpressed eyes. Blaise Zabini stared down at me, briefly tightening his hold on my shoulders. Blinking stupidly up at him, I had no idea how to react or what to do and he seemed to have had enough. He raised an eyebrow, dropping his hands from me and my cheeks coloured in utter humiliation when I realised I was still pressed against his chest. Oh bollocks. Hurriedly pulling myself away from him, I looked towards Susan who was still standing beside me. She looked as shocked as I inwardly felt. Clearing my throat, I hurried to right myself and picked up my bag from where it had fallen to the floor. As I slung it over my shoulder, I saw Malfoy appear behind Zabini's shoulder. As if one unimpressed Slytherin wasn't enough. "What the hell is taking so long?" Malfoy asked grouchily, looking at the other Slytherin who was still looking down at me. Helga, what did he want from me? Was he waiting for me to apologise for tumbling into him? Turning away from the dark eyes, I briefly met the lighter eyes belonging to Malfoy who, upon recognising me, began to smirk slightly. He looked between Zabini and me, completely disregarding Susan who I knew was standing beside me so I wouldn't become cowed by the pair of them. "Oh," Malfoy drew the word out, "it's you." What was that supposed to mean? Zabini cleared his throat, making me look back to him. He pursed his lips, completely unimpressed, "Are you not going to move, Valentine? Or are you planning to keep blocking the doorway?" "Oh, right." Clearing my throat, I stepped aside to let them into the classroom. "Sorry." Why was I apologising! Malfoy shared one last look with his friend before walking into the classroom and heading straight or the table at the back. Zabini remained where he was, staring down at me and I just wanted to demand what else he wanted from me? Did he need something else? An apology? A formal declaration that I would never commit the heinous crime of accidentally falling on him again? "Valentine," he called out firmly, making me look up at him. I waited for what he was going to say, "Is being clumsy synonymous with Hufflepuff," he wondered aloud, taking me by surprise, "Or is that just you?" Susan narrowed her eyes, "Listen –" I reached out to hold her hand, stopping her from talking. Didn't she realise that if she spoke back to him this entire encounter would task longer and that way my embarrassment would only continue to grow? I mean, I wanted to give him a piece of my mind too but I was biting my tongue. Simply because I didn't want to be forced to listen to him for longer. He acted as if Susan hadn't said a word, "You need to be more careful." With that he walked around us and headed to the table that Malfoy had occupied. I watched him go and barely resisted the urge to swear at his back. Susan didn't bother repressing the urge. She continued to make a face at his back as she linked her arm through mine. "You know," she muttered with a grimace, "those words would have sounded caring if anyone other than him had said them." "Well it doesn't matter," I declared as we walked into the classroom and I made a conscious effort to pick the table that was the furthers away from where they were sat. So what if we were the closest to the professor? As long as I was away from them then I was fine. "How can you say that it doesn't matter?" Susan demanded as we sat down. "Because I'm not going to see them around." I rolled my eyes, "Think about it Susan; how often do we happen to run into Zabini or Malfoy? Those encounters tend to be left for the Gryffindors." "You've got a point," she admitted begrudgingly as Professor Slughorn walked into the room. Susan liked professor Slughorn as a teacher and while I certainly preferred him to Snape, I wasn't exactly pleased with the number of essays the man set. Especially when there seemed to be next to no material in the school library that was of use. But what was I supposed to do? I needed to hand in the essay and if that meant I needed to search through the entire potions section of the library, then so be it. I was currently balancing a large stack of books that I thought might be useful, as I scoured the shelves for another one. Rising to my toes to look read the titles on the books, I let out a cry of surprise when someone brushed past me quickly. The books went tumbling out of my arms, spilling over the floor and I sighed, glaring at the back of the young boy who had run into me. Bloody Gryffindors running around as if they owned the school. Blowing out a frustrated breath, I blew the hair out of my face and knelt to the ground. Picking up the books that had fell near me, I began to place them in a pile. My eyes drifted towards the book that had fallen further away from me. Shoes entered my field of vision as someone stopped besides the fallen book. My eyes drifted upwards, meeting the eyes of the shoe owner. I barely contained a grimace. Especially when Zabini raised an unsurprised eyebrow at me. Looking back to the books, I continued to pick them up and decided to leave the one beside him last. Silently I prayed that he would walk away from me without a second glance, but clearly that was asking for too much. Zabini crouched down beside the book, picking it up before he rose to his feet. I was forced to do the same once I had picked up the final book. Rising to my feet, I balanced the stack and leaned it against my hip for a little more stability. Merlin, they were heavy. My eyes drifted back to the tall Slytherin as I waited for him to hand the book back to me. It seemed like he had no intention of doing so and I struggled slightly under the weight of the books. "Yours?" he asked, eyes flickering between the cover and my face. I nodded, adjusting my hold on the books, "So if you'd please –" He reached over to place it on the top of my stack and I turned to leave. Surely this was enough books? Even if it wasn't, I'd come back later when he wasn't around. He seemed to have no intention of just letting me escape as he called out from behind me. "Do you have any idea how valuable some of those textbooks in your arms are?" he wondered and I turned back to face him, waiting for him to finish talking. Merlin, it felt like my arms were going to break off. "I know you weren't raised around magic but surely you're not that unaware to be acting so careless with them." Narrowing my eyes at him, I replied testily, "Actually, someone bumped into me. It wasn't like I dropped the books on purpose, was it? I don't see what my upbringing has to do with it. Although I suppose using blood status as a weapon is a common past aspect of yours – or so I've heard." He didn't appear offended by my words. Not even a bit. Instead I could have sworn that he appeared a little amused and I had no idea why. He shook his head slightly, smirking outright. "So, you can speak out for yourself then." He approached me, taking me by surprise and before I could step away from him he had shifted the entire stack of books into his arms with ease. I went to protest, growing silent when he threw me a firm look. I watched curiously as he scanned one of the shelves above my head and pulled out a book. He outstretched the book with one hand, gesturing for me to take it. Taking the book cautiously, I looked over the title before looking back to him curiously. "It'll be more useful than all the books you previously had. Combined." My eyebrows pulled up in surprise which I voiced hesitantly, "Why would you help me?" "Don't read into it," he ordered and I furrowed my brows, making a face when I was certain he wouldn't see it. Looking back to the pile of books he held, he took two from the top of the pile and handed them off to me. "There – that'll be enough for your essay." My surprise only grew. More so when he began to return the books to the shelf without a word. I hurriedly walked away from him. He was acting far too strange. When I returned to my table, I began to pack my things when I realised I hadn't thanked him for his help. Well I certainly wasn't going back to thank him in person. Looking around, I spotted his things on top of a table that was not far from my own. Hurriedly penning a thank you note on a piece of parchment, I walked to his table and placed it on top of his work. There, that would have to do. Returning to my table I gathered my stuff and walked towards the librarian to check out the books. I'd have no problem if I didn't see Zabini for the rest of the term. Something about him put me on edge. It was like he was hiding something when he was talking to me, like he had motives other than scaring the crap out of me. And yet I couldn't think of what it could have been. Professor Slughorn's invitation to join his 'Slug Club' threw a new obstacle at my plans of avoidance. I had been tempted to reject the offer