Within moments of sitting down at the Hufflepuff table for breakfast, I realised that something was very wrong. Whilst the younger years seemed oblivious to the teenage angst that permeated the air, the older students were very aware of it. Merlin, I'd never seen so many green faces. Helping myself to a stack of pancakes, I cast a curious glance around the table and frowned a little when I saw that the boys and girls were sitting in a manner that was more segregated than ever before. The groups of girls that were talking between themselves would sneak slight glances to the cluster of boys dotted around the table. And the boys, well – I don't think I'd ever seen them look so nauseous before. "What's going on?" I asked, sharing a look with Lavender who rolled her eyes a little at the odd behaviour. "Ever since that blasted ball was announced, everyone fourth year and above have gone insane," she explained as I stirred some sugar into my mug of tea. My spoon stilled, her words taking me by surprise. There was going to be a ball? Lavender, not knowing how clueless I was, carried on smoothly, "Apparently turning up without a date is going to be considered to be social suicide. Have you ever heard of something so idiotic?" "There's going to be a ball?" I asked rather than answering her question. Letting out an exasperated sigh, she set her fork down. "I swear, sometimes you just drift off into your own thoughts and you don't hear a thing. The ball – the yule ball – was announced yesterday in the common room, remember? We're supposed to have a house wide meeting with McGonagall to learn to dance?" "Not really," I admitted weakly with a slight smile, "I must have been busy doing something." "Sleeping, no doubt," she said knowingly and I wasn't going to deny the truth so instead I stuffed my face with some pancake. "So there's going to be a yule ball then? And that's why so many of the boys look like they're going to be sick?" "They've got the nerve-wracking task of asking someone to be their date," Parvati piped up from Lavender's side. "All we have to do is wait to be asked." "And the girls can't ask because?" I raised an eyebrow, bringing my mug to my lips. "Because that would be social suicide," Lavender explained dryly, "not only that but it would break the boy's already fragile egos." "It's not compulsory though, is it?" Parvati's eyebrows rose at my question. "You don't want to go?" she asked gently. "It'll just be embarrassing if I don't find a date," I explained, wiping my mouth with a napkin once I'd finished my breakfast. "Why worry about something that won't happen?" Lavender dismissed as I drained the last of my tea. "Speaking of dates," she pondered musingly, "I wonder who'll end up going with who." "I think we all have someone we'd like to go with," Parvati muttered and I couldn't have agreed more, letting my eyes drift further down the Gryffindor table. Although the chances of it happening were slim to none, I'd have liked to have been asked by a certain bespectacled Gryffindor. But chances were that he was going to ask someone else. I looked away from the table before he'd ever realise that I had been looking at him in the first place. "From the looks of it, Diggory and Chang will end up going together," Parvati said, leaning towards us slightly and lowering her voice as she gestured with her head to the pair who were making their way out of the great hall. "Diggory could do so much better," Lavender said with a wistful sigh. "Don't let your jealousy turn into spite Lavender," I advised as the three of us rose to our feet to head towards our first lesson. "Well, it's just not fair is it," she complained as we headed out of the great hall, "not only is she gorgeous but she's smart and on the quidditch team. She'll end up dating Cedric Diggory – the Hogwarts triwizard champion soon. There has to be a flaw somewhere." "He's not the only Hogwarts triwizard champion, Lav," I reminded her as we entered the potions classroom. "Of course," she teased, nudging me in the side, "we can't forget about your knight in shining armour, now can we?" "Would you stop that?" I complained as I went to head off to my seat besides Ernie. "He carried my books for me. Once." Her response was a teasing smile and I rolled my eyes, a begrudgingly amused smile on my lips. She was unstoppable. Ernie looked up at me with a smile when I approached our table. I returned it too, until my eyes settled onto the badge pinned to his robes. "What the hell Ernie?" I exclaimed, slapping the back of his head. "What did I do now?" he complained, rubbing the sore area, "Helga, ever since you were bloody five you always hit me on the head. I'm telling you, you're the reason I wasn't sorted into Ravenclaw." "Well clearly, you're not smart enough for Ravenclaw," I threw back as I settled into my seat, "if you were then you wouldn't be wearing that juvenile 'Potter Stinks' badge." "Merlin," he mocked with a slight shake of his head, "I should have learned by now to keep any contempt for your precious Potter away from you." "Stop it," I admonished, seeing the Golden Trio walk into the room. Clearing my throat, I looked back to the boy beside me, "Now, are you going to take that ridiculous badge off or do I have to write to your mother and tell her you're being a bully?" He gave me an incredulous look and I raised an eyebrow, "Well? Don't think for one second that I won't do it." Letting out an annoyed sigh, he removed the badge from his robes and set it on the table. With a sweet smile, I pressed the tip of my wand to the badge and with a murmured incendio I watched it set a flame. Once the badge was replaced by ash, I magicked it all away and ignored the frown Ernie threw my way. Instead, I focused on the smile I received from Harry who I hadn't realised had been watching the entire exchange. Flushing in embarrassment, I turned my head away from him just as the lesson began. It seemed like finding a date to the Yule ball was to quickly become the subject of many people's obsession as it was the only thing many people spoke of. As the days went on, the obvious signs of nerves displayed by the boys increased surprisingly and the anxiety within the girls only grew in response. It was only natural really to wonder why you hadn't been asked to the ball yet. As we; Lavender, Parvati and I walked to the common room, I listened to the pair of them as they scheduled plans to buy our dress robes for the ball. How exactly we were supposed to get these dress robes into Hogwarts, I had no idea but after a quick letter to mum, she had assured me that she would handle it. "What colour dress robes do you think I should buy?" Lavender asked as we turned the corner. "I was thinking of getting some in purple? I find that the colour goes well with my hair?" "I'm not sure Lav," I piped up, eyes settling onto the group of seventh year Slytherins who were walking in the opposite direction and coming towards us. "The Yule ball is a Christmas ball and chances are most girls will wear shades of blue, white and cream, to match the theme." "Then isn't it better to stand out?" she pondered, sharing a look with Parvati who contemplated her words. "But you don't want to clash with the theme," Parvati advised, "no matter how beautiful your dress robes might be, if you clash with the theme then that hardly matters." Lavender hummed thoughtfully as we drew closer to the group of older boys. "Smith," an annoyingly familiar voice called out, making me halt in my step. Lavender and Parvati stopped on either side of me, watching as Terrence Higgs stepped out of the group of Slytherins and waved the rest of them on their way. "What do you want Higgs?" I asked with a raised eyebrow, watching with mild irritation as both Parvati and Lavender shared a grin and hurried away from me. With a sigh, I looked back to the older man, "Well?" "Now why are you making it sound like all I do is annoy you?" he wondered with a mischievous grin, tucking his hands into his robe pockets. "Because you've been doing it since we were in nappies?" I pointed out with crossed arms. "It's only because I care about you," he insisted with faux sincerity and I rolled my eyes, a smile tugging at my lips even as I tried to suppress it. "Of course you do." Dismissing the words with a wave of my hand, I waited for him to continue. "Don't worry about not having a date to the ball." Stepping closer to me, he leaned down slightly to bring his head level with mine and gave me a playful wink, "I'll save you the humiliation and take you." I gave him a look, briefly contemplating his sanity. "Tell me you're not in love with me, Higgs." "Of course I'm not," he answered truthfully, "But we both need a date and this is a mutually beneficial solution." "Look Higgs, as much as I hate to admit it, you're really quite handsome." I ignored the way he began to grin at my words, "That being said, I'm sure you'll be able to find some other girl to take to the Yule ball so you don't need to worry about taking me and about me not having a date." He straightened up, rising to his full height. Smile morphing into smirk, his eyes settled onto something behind me before meeting my eyes again. "Did someone ask you first Smith?" Tilting his head curiously, he peered down at me with a contemplative look, "Or are you still stuck on wonder boy Potter? That crush has lasted an awfully long time." I opened my mouth to retort that his crush on Alicia Spinnet had lasted just as long but before I could say anything, I heard something clatter to the ground. The sound came from behind me and so it was only natural for me to turn to see what the sound was and where it had come from. Only, I wished that I hadn't because the moment I glanced over my shoulder, my eyes clashed with emerald green eyes that had gone wide with shock. Mortification tinted my cheeks red and I watched Harry lean down quickly to pick up the egg from the first task. As he straightened out again, I turned my eyes back to the older boy and let out a breath. "You knew he was there," I accused with a hushed whisper. He nodded unapologetically, "Of course I did. Don't you think it's time to put an end to this crush business." I didn't respond verbally. Groaning aloud, I reached out to yank Terrence by the tie and pulled him down to my eyelevel. He had the nerve to laugh a little upon realising how red I had turned and I released his tie abruptly. Returning to his original posture, he went to say something only to hiss in pain as I promptly kicked him in the shins. "Salazar," he swore, leaning down to rub his shins. I hurried away from him and decided to ignore the Triwizard champion who said nothing since the sudden declaration. Godric, I was going to run into the common room and collapse