I had a bit of a competitive edge. So maybe that was a bit of an understatement but I liked to think that having a healthy amount of drive meant that I had the motivation to go after the things that I really wanted. But there was, of course, a downfall to it all. Like the fact that it was so easy to bait me into doing something with a few simple words. Rowena, Hugo had baited me enough times and yet I still found it difficult to resist despite knowing the truth. Like today; Hugo had wanted to play a round of chess and he'd had no one to play with. Spying me across the great hall, he had marched over to the Ravenclaw table and set out the chessboard. He had merely said, 'I bet I could beat you in a game of chess' and that was it; I'd taken the bait. I mean really, how stupid did he have to be to think that he could beat me in a game of chess. Over the numerous games of chess we'd played together I had beaten him countless times and well, he'd beaten me the exact same number of times. The score was currently tied and that's what made the appeal of this game all the sweeter. If I won this game then I would be back in the lead and how was a girl supposed to say no to that? Whenever we got too competitive – which we always did – we attracted spectators who were using the game to place their own bets. Within these spectators, there were members of his family who often took out bets against each other. I stared down at the chess board, mentally calculating different moves and outcomes. After playing with Hugo for so long I had picked up the way he played and it certainly made it a little easier to guess what move he was going to play next. "You're taking your time," Hugo piped up, making me look up to see him smirking at me. "I've got enough time," I shot back, looking back to the board. "Come on Stewart," Rose encouraged from behind me, squeezing my shoulder. No one bothered to mention that she had bet against her brother and certainly, no one was going to remind the Head Girl that gambling was against school policy. "I placed money on this game." "Do you think you're the only one that did that Rosie?" Albus piped up from behind Hugo, having bet on his cousin. "There's no way I'm losing this match Potter," Rose countered and I suppressed an eye roll. "You're not the one playing," I reminded the older girl as I assessed the board and made my move. Hugo leaned forward in his seat and looked to the chess board. He looked up at me briefly and I took notice of the number of people crowding around us. Had a chess game always attracted so many people's attention. Subsequent bets were placed and Hugo's hand hovered over the chess board as he thought carefully. "Weasley," I called out to him after a moment, watching him move his piece. "What is it, Stewart?" "Since everyone's putting money on the game, why don't we put something on the line?" I suggested. "A bet?" he asked uncertainly, gesturing to me when it was my turn. "Are you scared?" I smirked, looking to my pieces and frowning when I realised he'd managed to capture one of them. Rowena, when had he managed to do that? "Like hell am I scared." Narrowing his eyes at me, he said forcefully, "Fine, it's a bet. What are we betting?" "Nothing big." I thought for a moment, "What about favours that the other person can't refuse? Your turn Weasley." "Fine," he agreed before adding hastily, "The favours can't be anything outrageous – there's a line that they can't cross. And only five favours otherwise you'll be asking for a favour all the time." "You're saying that as if even you think that I'm going to win," I chimed in. "Oh be quiet." He rolled his eyes, throwing Rose a look when she began to talk loudly from over my shoulder. "Make your move Stewart." And suddenly the game was much more serious for me, especially with something more than my pride on the line. I looked to the chessboard and there it was – the winning move. One more move and the game was over and Rose got to keep her money. I almost felt a little bad to cut the game short but one more look at Hugo's smug expression and I suddenly didn't feel so bad. "Checkmate," I said quietly, straightening up. A groan ran through the students that were crowded around Hugo. The Gryffindor himself leaned forward in the seat and assessed the board only to groan moments later as he realised his blunder. Burrowing his head in his hands, he groaned even louder when Rose started to cheer. She shook my shoulders thankfully before gloating to Albus. I grinned, and felt the pride run through me; the score wasn't even anymore. I was in the lead and in the lead, I would stay. The look on Weasleys face made it all the better. He stared at me from between his fingers and lowered his hands to his side. "Alright Stewart," he sighed, "what's your first favour?" "I'm sure I'll think of something." Hugo was amazing at potions. He was far better than I was at the subject and, if you believed the Hogwarts rumour mill, he was also much better than his sister. Not that he advertised the fact. In fact he had such a blasé attitude to the subject that his grades were simply mindboggling, especially when I had to put all my efforts into maintaining just above a passing grade. So to say that I thanked my lucky stars to have him assigned as my potions partner was an understatement. He settled into the seat beside me with a sigh and asked, "You're going to make me do all the work, aren't you?" "Of course not," I responded, affronted. Turning my textbook to the correct page, I remarked, "What kind of Ravenclaw would I be if I made you do all the work?" "What kind of Ravenclaw struggles to pass a subject," he threw back, rising to his feet to collect the necessary ingredients as I placed the cauldron over the fire I'd lit. "For your information, being a Ravenclaw doesn't mean I'm smart at everything and besides, since when was there only one type of intelligence?" I eyed him dirtily, "Have you never heard of intellectual curiosity? Why would I bother reading through my potions textbook when there's so many amazing discoveries that are being made every day which are much more fun to read about?" Hugo stared at me silently as he set the ingredients on the table. In the end he rolled his eyes, and held his hands up in surrender. "Godric, forget I said anything." "Don't push my buttons Weasley and there won't be an issue." Clearing my throat, I turned back to my open textbook and read through the instructions. Hugo was already cutting something up and my eyes skimmed across the instructions, trying to figure out how he'd managed to get through the first four without my knowing. "Have you thought of what your first favour will be?" he asked, throwing me a look before returning to his chopping. "Why? Is the suspense putting you on edge?" Ribbing him lightly, I began to stir the potion as instructed by the book. "Seeing you so worried is making me want to drag it all out a little longer." Hugo watched my movements closely and I frowned; he really didn't trust me to do anything did he? With a sigh, I dropped my hand to my side. "If you're going to be so obsessive about the potion then why don't you do it all yourself?" Crossing my arms, I watched as he brought his eyes to my own. "You should have been sorted into Gryffindor with that temper of yours," he muttered under his breath. "When it comes to potions you need to look at all the little details or else the potion will become messed up. And while I couldn't care less about the grade I get for this, something tells me that you want a good grade. Don't you?" I nodded slowly, feeling strangely chastised. Hugo, turning back to his chopping board picked it up and placed the leaves into the cauldron. "Stir it four times counter clockwise and one time clockwise." I quickly did as instructed, reaching out to stir the potion. "You know, this potion would get done quicker if we worked together on it." "Alright," he surveyed the ingredients laid haphazardly on the table and reaching out to snag the bottle of beetle eyes. Not seeing the way I recoiled at the sight of them, he slowly measured out the right amount into a pestle and mortar. Setting the pestle and mortar in front of me, he instructed, "Crush these into a fine powder then add a few drops of water to them to make it into a paste." I was hesitant to reach for the pestle and mortar. Seeing this, he eyed my face curiously, leaning against the desk. "What's going on Stewart?" he questioned with a raised eyebrow. "I've changed my mind," I declared quickly, "I know what my first favour is – you handle these," I looked quickly back over the instruction, "and I'll start working on the grating the necessary amount of cinnamon." Both of his eyebrows flew into his hairline at my request. "Are you sure you want to use it for something so small? One of your favours." "Of course I am." Picking up my wand I used it to push the pestle and mortar in his direction, "Get crushing Weasley." "And here I was, thinking that you'd have me do something horrendous." Shaking his head slightly, he began to crush the beetle eyes and I tried my best not to gag when each of the eyes let out a squelching sound as they burst under the pressure of the pestle. "Merlin, I can deal with anything except beetle eyes," I muttered, shuddering as I risked a glimpse into the mortar. Hurriedly turning my eyes away from Hugo, I reached for the cinnamon. "I'll have to keep that in mind," Hugo teased and I threw him a narrow-eyed glare. He raised an eyebrow, showing me the inside of the mortar in jest and I turned away in a rush. "Don't even try it. All my extra reading has taught me some very creative spells." I still had four favours left to ask Hugo for, favours that he couldn't say no to but for the life of me, I couldn't think of something to ask him for. What was the point in having the ability to ask him for something if there wasn't anything good to use the favours on? It was all pointless if I ended up essentially wasting the four remaining favours. I couldn't go around using them for 'small' reasons like crushing beetle eyes. It would take some serious thought about what to use my next favour on. As I walked through Hogsmeade with Ariel chatting happily at my side, I let my eyes drift to the other side of the room and they settled on Hugo as he walked into one of the shops. My eyes would have moved off from him again, had they not settled onto the group of boys he was walking with, or rather the tallest boy from that group. Keegan Thomas towered above the rest of his Gryffindor dormmates as they walked into a shop. Pursing my lips in though, I looked back to Ariel as she continued to talk, oblivious to the plan that