Harry's POV I had shared five years of my school life with the mischievous twin that settled into the seat across from me. And it was those five years that had taught me to be cautious about accepting anything said twin gave me to eat or drink. That was the reason I was eyeing the potions vial he has placed in front of me with distrust. Looking between George and the vial that sat innocuously on the table top, I leaned back in my chair, crossing my arms over my chest. "Alright, I'll bite." My words made George grin as he took a swig of his butterbeer, "What is it?" "One of my newest creations," he explained, gesturing to the potion. "Take it before you go to bed and then well – you'll see what it does in your dreams." "Good try." I pushed the vial back towards him. "I'm not drinking that without you telling me what it does." "Becoming an auror's changed you," complaining good-naturedly, George shook his head. "It's like a cross between a dreaming potion, a love potion of sorts and some divination mixed in all together." "That sounds dangerous." "Doesn't it make you want to try it though?" He grinned, "We all know that you're an adrenaline junky." My eyes narrowed as I chuckled, "Everyone knows that George, but truthfully – what does it do?" "It'll help you meet the perfect Mrs Potter." He continued on, ignoring the disbelief written across my face. "Try it – it took almost a year to make perfect, the love potion aspect is meant to rid you of any mental constraints that you have stopping you from seeking her out and the divination part well, you want to know what sort of future you'll have together right? So, how does it sound?" "I don't know," I said suspiciously, picking up the vial and raising it to my eyes. "Come along Potter – you're not always going to be young. You need to settle down and make more bespectacled messy haired kids to wreak havoc in the wizarding world." "I'm only 20," I pointed out. "And you have no idea how long it'll take to find the woman of your dreams." George drained the last of his butterbeer, "For all you know Potter she could be on the other side of the world." "And you're sure it'll work." I couldn't curb my suspicion. "Trust me Potter, I'm 98% sure it'll work –" "And the other 2%?" Raising an eyebrow, I glanced contemplatively at the potion. "Well every product has a margin of error." Shrugging innocently, he rose to his feet. This was all so stupid, I thought as I leaned further away from the potion as if it would make the prospect of finding 'the one' any less tempting. "And why did you choose me to test it out?" "Because frankly, you've got the biggest case of blue balls I've seen in a while." Putting on his still ridiculous purple suit jacket, he made no comment on the way I flushed completely at his words. "And out of all of my friends, you've always been the one to want a family the most. Isn't that what you're after? Family?" I didn't answer him because there was no need to, he already knew what I wanted. Lowering my eyes to the potion, I pushed my glasses further up my nose. It still sounded so tempting. But weren't these things supposed to happen on their own? Wasn't there a time where I was destined to meet 'the one'? But then again, what if this was the way I found her? By saying no to this then there was a chance that I was saying goodbye to the entire – "If you don't want to try it then I guess I'll take it back." George's voice made my eyes snap up towards him. He shrugged, reaching down to pick up the potion. "I can always find someone else to try it out." "No," I said instantly, making him pause. He made no attempt to hide his smile. "I'll try it out." "You're sure?" Nodding wordlessly, I held out my hand for the potion. George wasted no time in handing it off to me, "Make sure to drop by the shop tomorrow to tell me what you think." "Will do." Curling my hand around the vial, I hurriedly put it into my pocket. George promptly left the pub, needing to head home and I took my time to finish my drink before doing the same. A huge part of me wanted to drink the potion and just hurry off to bed to see if it would work but it was still too early to go to bed. I forced myself to sit look through some unsolved case files for a few hours after dinner and once it was time to sleep, my motions unconsciously became faster. I hurriedly dressed in my pyjamas and brushed my teeth. Stepping out of my bathroom and walking into the bedroom, my eyes narrowed on the potion vial lying on the bedside table where I had placed it hours before. Perching on the edge of the bed, I removed the topper. I hesitated for a moment only, before tipping its entire contents down my throat. Setting the empty vial aside, I got into bed and waited for sleep to come over me. I could already feel the anticipation settle in as I wondered how long it would take for me to fall asleep. It didn't take long. The potion worked in an odd way – it was as if I had been transported into the scene and I frowned, wondering what I was supposed to do. I glanced down at the watch on my wrist and looked to the building in front of me. Putting the two clues together, I decided that I was meant to head into work. I was so tempted to duck into one of the toilets inside of the ministry building to see whether my face had changed with age – as if that would give me some sort of estimate of when I'm supposed to meet this woman. But I didn't. Instead I continued to walk through the building as some of my co-workers walked past me. A man was walking towards me, reading a newspaper and I tried to snag a glimpse of the date but it was blurred out, the numbers illegible. Merlin forbid this whole meeting my match business went smoothly, I thought with a roll of my eyes. As I continued my passage through the hallways, I found myself searching the faces of the women walking in the same corridor. It was a pointless exercise. How was I supposed to recognise her if I had no idea who I was looking for? Was there going to be some kind of sign? Or was I supposed to – I bumped into someone, grunting on impact. The woman that I had bumped into gasped softly, crouching down quickly to retrieve her fallen papers. Kneeling down beside her, I hurriedly started to pick them up. What if I missed her because I had bumped into some woman during my search of her? "I'm so sorry," the woman said, her head still bowed towards the ground as she picked up the last of the papers. "Don't be sorry," I insisted as I rose to my feet and held out the stack of papers that I had gathered for her to take. "It's completely my fault – I should have been watching where I was going." "Well I guess that makes two of us," she said with a smile, glancing up at my face as she reached out to take the papers back. When her eyes settled on my face, her mouth parted a little and she grinned warmly, recognising me at the same moment that I had recognised her. "Harry! How have you been?" "I've been good," I muttered, rubbing at the back of my neck as I looked her over. "You're working in the ministry now?" "I was interviewed for a job after I left Hogwarts," she explained, "I'm in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement." "Me too," I grinned. "I think the entire wizarding world knows that." Laughing slightly, she tucked some of her hair behind her ears and I noticed then that she'd grown it out "You are a rising name in the auror field." "I'm really not," I protested, ears burning slightly. "Oh shoot," she frowned, glancing down at her watch, "I've got a meeting I need to be at. But we should definitely meet up soon?" The scene shifted before I could give her my answer. The moment the scene around me started to drift away, I wanted to scramble towards her to try and figure out if this was it? Was I going to wake up? Was she 'it' for me? And if she was then why in Merlin's name had I not realised that when we had been in school together? So what she had been in the year below me, she'd still been in the same house and the number of conversations that we'd had over our years in school – "Harry!" I turned in the direction that her voice had come from to see her running towards me. My eyes widened as I finally took in my surroundings. I stood in the middle of Diagon Alley and I was clearly waiting for her. But why? She hurried to close the distance between us and when she was standing in front of me, she gave me a sheepish smile. "Sorry I'm late." She adjusted her bag on her shoulder, "Did I keep you waiting long?" "Not long at all," I assured her, trying to catch up on the situation. "That's good." She slipped her arm into the crook on mine as we started to walk through the street. I glanced down at her in surprise, not at the casual gesture, but rather at the way I felt my heart jump at the action. I blinked quickly, looking away from her to hide my astonishment. Godric, I felt like a fourth year again. "So, what do you want to do then?" I asked, trying to figure out what it was I was doing here. "Well, you're the one that asked me out on this date," she teased, catching me by surprise. We were on a date? How had that happened? "Doesn't the great Harry Potter have a plan?" "I told you to stop calling me that," I felt the colour run up my neck. Even when we were in school she'd called me that to tease me. "And I don't have anything planned." "Then let's improvise. I mean, how bad can a date be?" The corner of her mouth curved up coquettishly and I just knew she was going to fluster me even more. I was right. "It can't be as bad as your date with Cho was." "Hey," I protested as I led her into the bookshop. She hadn't asked to walk into the shop but from the way she'd been staring into the display, I knew there was a book she wanted to add to her already large personal collection. "That date traumatised me – I was so inexperienced that I had no idea what to do." "And are you still inexperienced?" she asked offhandedly, taking a book from the bookshelf. Her question stumped me and I wondered how hell I was going to keep up with this woman. Or maybe that wasn't the point. I risked a glanced at her and saw her biting her lip to stop from laughing. She replaced the book on the shelf. "Merlin Harry, you should see your face." She brushed some of my hair back from my forehead, "I'm only teasing." I caught her hand in mine, "I know." I could still feel the warmth of her hand