The small coffee shop that I worked in usually went overlooked by the majority of the busy London crowd. Our customers were usually regulars who returned over and over again for their daily fix of caffeine and the waiting staff normally built up a close relationship with each and every one of our customers. As a result, new customers stood out like a sore thumb. Although, from the way this new customer was acting, he would have stuck out anyway. He hesitated by the front door for a while before making up his mind and sitting down at one of the empty tables. And with my luck, the table he had chosen to sit down at, was one I was in charge of. Stepping out from behind the counter, I headed towards his table and waited for him to acknowledge me. "Are you alright there, sweetheart?" I asked, watching him as he scanned the menu with slight confusion. At the sound of my voice he turned to face me and gave me a sheepish smile. "Sorry, I'm not from around here." "I can tell," I fought a smile, "Do you need some help?" "I'm not sure what to pick," he admitted, turning back to the menu, "I've never really drank coffee before." My eyebrows flew up in surprise, "You've never drank coffee before? And yet you're sitting in a coffee shop?" "Today's supposed to be about trying something new." He shrugged his shoulder and I found the action more adorable than I should have. Closing the menu, he turned his eyes back onto me. "Why don't you recommend me something?" "Well because you've never tried coffee before, I'm not sure if you'll like the taste of it," I admitted, turning to look at the black chalkboard that displayed our menu. "Many beginners don't like the taste of coffee. But do you want to try a latte? It's one of the drinks that has the least coffee in it." I turned back to face him, starting slightly when I realised that he was watching me quiet closely. Scratching the side of my jaw with the end of my pen, I forced myself not to grow red under his stare. "How does a latte sound?" "Would you recommend it – for a beginner, that is?" He tilted his head to the side curiously, putting his chin in his hand. At my nod, he straightened his posture, "That sounds good then – I'll have a latte please." "Would you like anything else to go with it? We've got some of today's special double chocolate fudge cake left, would you like some?" He leaned contemplatively back in his seat. "I'm supposed to be on a diet for training, but it sounds really tempting." "Well I won't tell if you don't." He chuckled and sat up straight. "Alright, you've convinced me." "Ok then, it'll be a short wait and I'll be back with your order." With that, I approached the counter and relayed his order to the barista, declaring that I'd take my break after giving the customer his order. "Would you like your usual?" the barista asked, pausing momentarily in his search through the cupboards to look at me. I smiled thankfully, "Yes please." Waiting patiently for the order to come out, I found my eyes drifting back to my unusual customer who was looking around the room with a strange sort of fascination. He clearly wasn't from around here. Sitting up in his seat, he stretched his arms over his head and I found my eyes glued to the expanse of clear skin exposed by the gesture – well, he was clearly athletic. "If your done perving on your customer, their order is up," the barista remarked from behind me. "Your usual is finished too." "There's nothing wrong with admiring the male figure," I threw back as I balanced both his order and my own on the tray. Picking the tray up, I approached the strange man's table. Placing his order in front of him, I set my tray on the table and started to untie my apron. "You don't mind if I join you, do you?" I asked, waiting for him to respond. "No, please." He gestured to the seat across from him. "Be my guest." Settling down in the seat, I took my usual – a cappuccino and a slice of cheesecake – from the tray and placed it on the table. Putting the tray on the floor, I raised my coffee to my lips and settled down in my seat. "So where are you from then Mr –?" "Pucey, Adrian Pucey." He shifted uncomfortably at my question. "I don't live far from here, I'm staying in another part of London." "Oh right." I watched as he took his first sip of coffee and his brows furrowed slightly at the taste; I couldn't tell whether he liked it or not. "And what is it that made you come in here? Usually people just walk straight passed our shop." "A friend recommended it to me." He rubbed the back of his neck, "A teammate, actually." "A teammate?" I repeated curiously. "I'm a professional athlete," he explained. Well that certainly explained his body. "And what is it that you play?" He paused, searching for something to say and my eyebrows furrowed. Why could he not answer such a straightforward question? "It's a rather ambiguous sport but I'm quite well known for it." "You sound like you're trying to impress me," I teased, setting my cup back onto the table. "I'll pretend to believe you though." "Maybe I am trying to impress you," he remarked offhandedly. "And why would you be trying to do that, then?" "Because I find you very interesting." He took another sip of his latte. "I should be the one saying that." I gestured to his coffee. "How is it?" "I like it," he declared, "But I think I'd prefer something a bit stronger." "Well lucky for you, there are drinks that are much stronger." I glanced at the clock and rose to my feet; my break was coming to an end. Picking up my apron, I tied it around my waist once again, "The next time you come, you can try something stronger." "And how do you know I'll come back again?" He raised an eyebrow, a smile playing on his lips. "You said youfind me interesting and because you find me interesting, you probably want this too." Taking the notepad from my apron, I jotted my phone number down on one of the pages, ripped it out and handed it to him. Picking up my previously discarded tray, I placed my empty cup and plate on it and went to leave when – "What is this?" he asked, staring at the piece of paper. "My phone number," I answered slowly, "Call me." "But I don't have a phone." My eyebrows flew up in surprise but I understood his words loud and clear. I didn't allow myself to feel the sting of his rejection as I moved to take the piece of paper back from him. But he held it out of my reach and my eyes flickered towards his curiously. What was he playing at? "I'll figure something out," he muttered, looking down at my number again. Turning away from him, I headed back to the counter, my face a portrait of confusion. What type of person didn't own a phone in this day and age? My strange customer, Adrian, returned 2 weeks later – not that I had been keeping track. He walked in through the door and at the sound of the chiming bell, I had looked up and seen him. Without so much as a look to the counter, he headed back to the same table he had sat in last time and settled down without picking up a menu. I counted to 50 in my head – I didn't want to seem too eager – and then made my way over to the table. "What can I get for you this time?" I asked, taking out my notepad and pen. "Someone recommended an americano," he said, raising his eyes to meet mine with a smile. My eyebrows flew up, "Are you sure you want to order an americano? The last thing you ordered was a cappuccino?" He nodded with a smile. "I'm sure. Do you have any other specials?" "Aren't you supposed to be on a diet for training?" I teased, eyes flickering to the chalkboard to read off the specials. "I can just run some more, I guess." He shrugged his shoulders. "Well, today's special is a Nutella muffin, would you like to try it?" "Nutella?" he raised an eyebrow. "Let me guess; you've never tried Nutella either?" He shook his head and I sighed, "Do you even know what Nutella is?" Again, he shook his head. "Well do you have any nut allergies?" "No I don't." "Then I'll bring one over for you to try as well." Jotting it down, I looked at him from over the notepad. "Is there anything else you'd like?" "Would you join me again?" Crossing his arms over his chest, he explained, "I quite enjoyed our last conversation." "Um, of course. Let me just go and get your order." Returning to the counter and placing the order, I dipped into the back room for a second to mentally scold myself. What was wrong with me? Why was I getting so worked up over a man that I had only met twice? Especially when I knew that there was something off about him? He claimed to be a professional athlete and yet couldn't tell me what sport he played, he had no phone and he had no idea what Nutella was. "Your order's up." Emerging from the back room and picking up the orders, I returned to the table and sat down across from him again. He instantly took a sip of the americano and I could tell that he'd found his drink. "So, what have you been up to?" he asked as I untied my apron. "Not a lot, I've been attending university classes and working here." "What are you studying to become?" He bit into his muffin and yet again, from his expression, I could tell that he liked Nutella. But then again, who didn't? "A doctor." I broke off a chunk of my muffin. "I'm in my final year. What have you been up to since your last visit?" "Training season has started again," he explained, "So I've been busy with training." "Ah, right, training for the sport you won't tell me the name of." My word seemed to get to him and he went to say something when two people approached our table. I glance curiously at them, only to find that their eyes were focused on Adrian. I wasn't sure if they'd even noticed my presence. "Pucey," one of them said in greeting, making Adrian look up at them. "How's the training going? I've bought tickets to the first game." "I didn't know that tickets were on sale yet." Adrian watched me from the corner of his eye, speaking slowly. "But I hope you enjoy the game." "I'll only enjoy it if you win," the man continued with a chuckle, "But then again, with you as the captain, victory is almost guaranteed." "I wouldn't say that," Adrian denied as I took a sip of my cappuccino. "The other side is a really strong team." "But what are you doing here, man?" The second bloke asked Adrian. "I'd never expect to see you in," the man looked at me as if he was suddenly noticing my presence, "in London." "I just needed some time away," Adrian explained, glancing towards me again, "Don't let me keep you from your shopping." The men said their farewells and left the coffee shop as Adrian turned back to face me. I tilted my head to the side slightly