I liked being a prefect. I liked being able to walk around the school whilst others were supposed to be asleep, I liked having access to the Prefect's bathroom and more than anything, I liked being around the other prefects – especially those from other houses. Not that I didn't like being in Hufflepuff – I did. It was just that sometimes we, the students, got so into identifying ourselves as members of a certain house that we didn't really have time to socialise outside of our house. By being a prefect and attending the meetings, I'd made friends with so many people that I would probably have never spoken to otherwise. But there was one thing I absolutely hated about being a prefect and that was the meeting that happened at the start of the year. Of all places, it was held in the prefect's carriage and once it was over we couldn't return to our carriages – no, instead we had to patrol the bloody train too. Before my fifth year, before I had become a prefect, I'd always looked forward to the train ride because I got to catch up with friends that I hadn't had the opportunity to meet up with during the holidays. And because I was a prefect, I couldn't do that anymore. I looked around the carriage, seeing the looks my friends were giving me as I rose to my feet. "Don't look at me like that," I protested, straightening out my uniform. "You know that I can't do anything about it." "Just miss it," my best friend, Amaris, pleaded, reaching out to pull on the sleeve of my robe. "Merlin's beard, the head boy is James bleeding Potter, for goodness' sake. He's hardly going to be able to say anything to you – miss goody too shoes. Besides, this is our last year." "I know." I sighed and pulled my arm out of her hold, "Believe me I know and I don't want to go to the meeting either but I have to – they're giving out the patrol schedules and I'm finding out who my patrol partner is. I promise I'll see you girls at the feast?" I looked at the faces of the sullen girls in the carriage. Looking to the girl in the corner, I gave her a grateful smile – at least Pari was willing to send me off with a smile. "Merlin, you all look like girlfriends that have been dumped just before valentine's day. Chin up and I'll see you soon." There was a knock on the closed carriage door. As I was already on my feet, I opened it to find Remus on the other side. I smiled up at the taller boy, "Remus, how was your summer?" "The usual." "Meaning you got up to a lot of mischief with the other 3?" He rubbed his neck bashfully. "I came to pick you up," he explained, looking around the carriage and nodding in greeting towards my friends. They returned it and Amaris perked up in her seat. "Since we're going the same way, I thought that I'd seek out some companionship. We're going to be late otherwise." Taking a glance at my watch, I hurried out of the carriage, "Shoot, you're right." Waving once more at my friends, I shut the carriage door behind me before making my way towards the prefect's carriage. Remus fell into step beside me, hands tucked into his robe pockets. "Your friends look almost as distraught as mine do," he said with a slight chuckle. At my look, he went on the explain, "James is head boy now so Pads is left all alone with Peter. But I'm sure he'll get over it soon enough, once he's thought up another scheme." I made a sound in understand, before looking up at him curiously. "So, one a scale of one to ten, how shocked was Potter to get head boy?" "He was going to reject it at first – he's got enough on his plate as the quidditch captain," he started to say as we drew closer to the prefect's carriage. "But?" "But he found out who the head girl was." I couldn't help but giggle and Remus rolled his eyes. He'd long known that I 'shipped' the pair of them together and was silently cheering Potter on in his endeavour of winning Lily's heart. We reached the carriage and Remus held the door open for me, letting me go in first. Sitting down beside one another, I looked around the carriage and noticed that we were one of the last prefects to arrive. Once the prefects had all arrived, we settled down for the start of yet another mind numbingly boring prefects meeting. Or rather it was supposed to have been. But whilst Lily went over the list of duties of a prefect (which I'd memorised by now), I found myself watching the interactions between Potter and Lily. Potter was confident in his role as the head boy but frankly, the man was floundering. He had all the charm and charisma in the world but he had no idea what he was doing. Dumbledore had given the title of head boy away to one of the biggest troublemakers in the school and it flustered Lily. This was going to be an interesting year. By the time I had come out of my musings, I was handed a timetable of the patrols. Looking for my name on the schedule, I looked down at my partner's name and smiled, well at least I wasn't going to get stuck with Parkinson and his wandering hands. Nudging the boy beside me with my elbow, I smiled when he looked down at me. "It looks like we're partners." "It does," he said quietly, throwing a look a Potter who was too busy arguing with Lily to notice. I frowned, shifting away from him slightly. My movement caught his attention and he looked back at me. "There's no need to sound so happy about it," I muttered sarcastically. "No, I am happy," he assured me, giving me a genuine smile. "Really, I'm just annoyed that James has put us down for so many late-night patrols. "I frowned, scrunching my nose up slightly. I'd noticed that fact as well. Another thing I hated about being a prefect was getting stuck with late night patrols. These were the patrols that ended at almost 1 am and the castle was so bloody scary at that time in the night. But at least I'd have Remus by my side to scare anything off. "Wait a minute," I said slowly, his words dawning on me. "You're saying that as if Potter controls the schedule." "He does," Remus replied with evident confusion. "I thought you knew that – both he and Lily spent ages sorting it out." I groaned in annoyance, "I'm going to kill that boy." Remus snorted beside me. "By doing what exactly? Hugging him into oblivion." I shot him a filthy look which only made him snigger even more. Once the meeting came to a close, we started to patrol the train and Merlin, was it boring. Walking up and down the hallway, I was thankful that Remus was walking beside me. If I had been made to patrol on my own, then I might have burst into tears from the sheer boredom – that's how bad it was. But with him by my side, the time flew by as we talked and caught up with each other. Even once the train had pulled into the station and we had escorted the first years towards the boats, we stayed together and talked about anything and everything. The first time we parted was during the feast. I returned to the Hufflepuff table and he made his way towards the Gryffindor one. Sliding in between Pari and Amaris, I smiled in greeted to the girls and the sorting started. Amaris shifted by my side, clearly desperate to say something, throughout the entire sorting. Once the sorting hand ended, we finally helped ourselves to some food. "Set me up with Remus?" she asked quietly, making me stop halfway through ladling some soup into my bowl. My heart dropped into my stomach and I found that my appetite had shrunk. Pari stopped her movements beside me. Clearing my throat, I asked, "What?" "Set me up with Remus," she repeated, slightly louder this time. Putting my bowl down in front of me, I turned to face the girl by my side. Behind me, Pari took my hand comfortingly beneath the table. "I didn't know you liked him." "I started thinking about him like that over summer," she said sheepishly, looking away from me momentarily. "And you've gotten so close to him." "We were potion partners –" "But you're friends now!" She took my other hand, the one Pari wasn't holding and squeezed it gently. "Please, I know that if I approach him on my own then he'll just reject me kindly and if you help me get closer to him then I actually have a chance! Please!" I took my hand away from both Pari and Amaris, and played with my fingers as I thought it through. Amaris was beautiful, stunning in a way that I would never be. She was the sort of girl that boys flocked to and I would never hold a candle to her – that much I knew. Letting out a slight breath, I forced myself to smile at her. From the corner of my eye I caught the bewildered look that Pari was giving me. "Ok." Amaris squealed, pulling me into a brief hug, "Thank you, you're the best friend ever!" "Don't mention it," I mumbled, picking up my spoon and making random patterns with it in my soup. "What's the matter?" Amaris frowned. "I'm just not hungry." I smiled reassuringly at her, "Don't give me that look – I'm fine, trust me." When she turned back to her own food, after I had assured her two more times that I was fine, I looked to the girl on my other side. "Don't give me that look either, Pari." "And, why shouldn't I?" She gave me a firm look. "This look is reserved for stupid people who do stupid things – i.e. you." "Pari –" "No," she lowered her voice, "You've liked Lupin for the past two years and now you're actually helping set your best friend up with the guy you like?" "I'm just being a good friend." She shook her head and said with blatant concern, "You need to start putting yourself before others more often." "I'm fine," I insisted, only to get rolled eyes in response. Looking back into my soup bowl, I chewed my cheek; I wasn't fine. I was late. Rushing down the stairs from our dorm, I took them two at a time, and hurried to make my way out of the common room. I needed to meet Remus in front of the great hall for our rounds in five minutes and I'd never get there in time. Remus would never say anything to me because I was late, I knew that, but I couldn't let him wait around for me. I made my quickly towards the entrance when I heard a call of my name. Forcing myself to stop in my step, I looked back at the girl that was approaching me. Unsurprisingly, even though it was already late in the night, the common room was packed. Amaris smiled once she'd reached me, "Are you heading out for your patrol?" "Yeah." I looked pointedly at my watch, "I'm supposed to start in five minute and I don't want to keep Remus waiting." "Where are you patrolling again?" she asked curiously, making me furrow my eyebrows in confusion. Why did she want to know that? "We're supposed to patrol the area near the great hall." "So, the first floor then?" I nodded