I wasn't even surprised that I was being dropped off to Cedric's house the day before we were to return to Hogwarts. After all, it wasn't unusual for my parents to be called out of the country to work as they tailed a particularly dark wizard. It was just a little disappointing that I wouldn't get to see them again before they left for work. But, it had happened so often that Cedric's home was practically my second one. "Have you got everything you need?" Mum asked, and I knew that it was to draw out the time before her and dad had to leave. "I think so," I cast a look at the bags by my feet with a small smile, "I can't imagine that I've left anything behind." She sighed and took me into a hug, "Have fun at school." "I will." I returned the hug and pulled away from her, "Catch the dark wizard and come home safe." "Don't we always?" Dad asked, hugging me once mum had let go. "Well you can never be too safe," I reminded them as Cedric's parents approached mine to say goodbye to them. Cedric, following his parents lead, approached me and before I could protest, he'd taken my bags and began to carry them away. I moved to take one of the bags away from him, because there were way too many for him to carry on his own – no matter what he claimed. But he gave me a look and I stepped back, unable to stop the annoyed frown I threw his way. Following him through his home and up the stairs, I stepped into the guest room that I was far too familiar with. "You've done all your packing for Hogwarts then?" Cedric asked, putting the bags down on the floor and making himself comfortable on the bed. He perched on the edge of the bed, looking over the sheer number of bags on the floor. "Yep, this is all of it." Walking around the room I approached a picture frame that hadn't been there the last time I'd stayed over. The picture, one taken when I was much younger, featured me sitting side by side with Cedric on his birthday with cake smeared over his face. I couldn't help but smile, remembering that I had been the one to push the cake into his face and set the picture frame back down. Looking back to Cedric I asked, "What about you? Did you leave it til the last minute again?" "Well you know me really well," he said without needing to say anything more. I rolled my eyes and looked back at him with an unamused expression; how was he a prefect? Let alone the new head boy? With a sigh, I turned back to Cedric with my arms crossed, "And this is where you expect me to sit with you and help you decide which clothes you're taking with you to Hogwarts?" He nodded and I pursed my lips. "Why do you wait until the last minute every year? And more importantly, why do you wait for me to help you pick out your clothes? You're old enough to make these decisions yourself or you can ask someone else." "No one else is as brutally honest as you are," he replied, rising to his feet. "Because I don't like you very much, I tolerate you." With a chuckle, Cedric crossed the room to pat the top of my head – messing my hair in the process – as he left the room. He did that on purpose. Placing my bags into a corner of the room to keep them out of the way, I waited for him to return with his clothes in tow. He returned minutes later and it seemed like his entire closet was floating behind him as he walked into the room and levitated the clothes onto the bed. Of course – he was legally allowed to perform magic now. So why did he insist on carrying my bags by hand when he could have just used magic instead? Who was he trying to impress with his show of strength? "I still don't know why you expect me to help you," I said with a frown as I approached the bed and started to rifle through the clothes on the bed. "Because I value your opinion," he said with a cheeky smile, walking towards me and watching as I looked through his clothes. "That is a lie." I cast a glance up into his face before looking back to the clothes. The clothes I'd approved of were promptly thrust into his arms. "And you know it." "I always listen to your opinion," he responded, accepting the clothes from me. "Your opinion means a lot to me." "Ok, that's a lie." I rolled my eye, shoving another jumper into his arms knowing just how cold Hogwarts could get. "You didn't exactly listen to my opinion when I told you not to volunteer for the tournament last year." "But that all worked out in the end." "You almost got yourself killed," I deadpanned, "Normally I just have to worry about mum and dad's lives, worrying about yours too wasn't a welcome addition." "You worried about my life," he said sounding touched and I scoffed, pushing him away from me. "Of course I did you bloody idiot – people have died in that tournament before." "But I didn't." "Well you almost did." "But I didn't ." I shook my head, turning my attention away from him and back to the pile of clothes on the bed, "You're utterly hopeless." Once we had arrived at Hogwarts, I had settled back into the school routine and I had hoped that the nightmares would have stopped once I'd returned. But they hadn't. I'd resorted to sneaking back down into the common room once all of my dormmates had fallen asleep just in case I managed to wake them up because of my nightmares. That was the reason that I was curled up on one of the sofas in the common room in front of the fireplace, a book opened on my lap. I was trying to stave off the need to sleep. The sound of the entrance to the common room opening echoed around the empty room and I looked to the entrance, rising to my feet at the sight of the man stood in the doorway. He shouldn't have been here. "Cedric?" Quietly, I approached him as he looked around the common room, "What are you doing here? And how did you get in?" "I answered the riddle, of course." He brought his eyes back to me, crossing his arms over his chest. "What are you doing still awake?" "What are you doing in the Ravenclaw common room?" I threw back without answering his question. "One of your friends came to find me," he explained, "She said you've been having nightmares that have been stopping you from sleeping. So naturally I grew concerned and came to see for myself." "And what would you have done if someone saw you?" I raised an eyebrow. "That's not what's important right now," he said with a shake of his head. "What have you been having nightmares about?" "I don't really see how that's any of your business," I insisted. "Look Cedric, I don't even know why you're here but go before you get caught." "I'm the head boy," he rolled his eyes, "What's the worst that could happen?" "One day that big head of yours is going to get you in trouble," I muttered. "Can you not just leave already?" "Why should I? I'm not leaving until I accomplish what I came here to do." "And that is?" "Comfort you, of course." " Cedric ." "So stop your complaining and come here." He held out his arms and I shook my head, lips parted in shock. "You're mad, absolutely mad." "I never said I wasn't." He shrugged, "But remember when we were kids? And when we slept together, you didn't have any nightmares? I wonder if that would work again?" "We're not kids anymore Cedric." I gave him a look. "Sharing a bed with you now will be weird." "I'm not denying that either, but let's just see if it'll work." He crossed his arms, "Besides it's my fault isn't it?" "It's not –" "Don't give me that rubbish," he cut me off, "You're absolutely terrified of deep water but still you were placed in the ruddy Black Lake during the tournament. And I'm willing to bet anything that that's what's been giving you nightmares." "It's not as if you made them put me there," I protested, "So let's just drop this." "Regardless," he crossed his arms over his chest,"Are you going to let me up into your dorm or do I have to drag you to mine?" "Are you mad? If my dormmates saw you, there'd be so much gossip going around." "It looks like we're heading off to mine then." I was so tempted to let him leave the common room first and then close the entrance behind him but it seemed like he had already thought of that. He made me walk in front of him, practically frog marching me to his common room and I internally lamented my fate. Cedric was stubborn, more stubborn than some people realised and he wouldn't take no for an answer. Merlin, he even silenced me so he wouldn't have to listen to my complaints for any longer. He removed the silencing charm when we reached his dorm, standing outside of the room. Placing his fingers to his lips, he motioned for me to remain silent and I rolled my eyes. "My dormmates are asleep," he said unnecessarily, not knowing that I was seriously contemplating running away and would have done so in a heartbeat if I had been coordinated enough to not run without falling down the stairs. Cedric took my hand, tugging me into the room behind him. Approaching his trunk, Cedric pulled out his pyjamas before ducking into the bathroom to change. I hovered awkwardly beside the bed, looking around at his sleeping roommates and just when I had worked up the courage to try and leave the room, Cedric re-emerged from the bathroom. He gave me a look, daring me to try anything and I pouted. Taking off my shoes and placing them beside his trunk, I climbed into the bed and made sure to stick as close to the edge as possible. The mattress dipped as Cedric climbed in beside me, doing his best to not touch me either. And somehow, despite all my internal ramblings, I fell into a dreamless sleep. Cedric's dormmates were annoying. How did I know this? Because it was however early in the morning – too early – and they were talking really loudly. And the subject of conversation was the girl curled up in Cedric's bed with Cedric . We had closed the curtains around the bed last night before going to bed but they had been wrenched open when one of his dormmates discovered the girl's shoes by the bottom of the bed. So here I was, pretending to be asleep as they crowded around the bed, using my hair to hide my face and trying to burrow into my pillow. It was hard to believe that they were seventh years when they acted so much like bloody prepubescent boys. The murmurs continued, until – "Would you knobheads keep it down?" Cedric muttered in a sleep filled voice. But it was odd – my pillow moved as he spoke. Oh – I fought against the urge to blush scarlet when I realised that I was sleeping on his chest. They needed to believe I was asleep and blushing wouldn't help that. His dormmates tittered like bloody first years and began to tease him. Merlin, grow up. "Grow up," he