The bell signalling the end of the lesson rang and the rest of the class slowly got to their feet, packing away their belongings as they rushed to leave the greenhouse. I hesitated for a moment, slowly packing my things and waiting until I was the last person in the room. Professor Longbottom returned to his desk at the front of the greenhouse and I rose to my feet, slinging my bag over my shoulder before walking to his desk. Coming to a stop when I reached his desk, I cleared my throat to alert him of my presence. He looked up at me, smiling as he set aside the stack of essays that he had collected at the beginning of the lesson. "Miss Alder," he greeted and I shifted a little awkwardly on my feet. "Professor," I greeted back quietly before clearing my throat, "I was wondering if you'd managed to sort out the issue that I brought up last time?" "The tutor you requested?" he questioned, making me nod, "I've spoken to one of my seventh-year students, and he's accepted the request." "A seventh year," I repeated questioningly; the only seventh years I knew were the ones in Hufflepuff. "As a seventh year he's already covered all of the sixth-year material. Now don't worry Alder, I'm sure that Mr Weasley will be a spectacular tutor. He is one of my best students," he reassured me, misinterpreting my silence. "Of course professor," I said finally, smiling at the older man. "Thank you for your help." A seventh year Weasley, I questioned silently as I left the greenhouse. I didn't know any Weasleys – even though there always seemed to be one of them in every part of the school. Was I supposed to approach him or wait for him to approach me? Either way I still needed to know who he was. "Hey," Emily Macmillan said as she appeared at my side, taking me by surprise, "I was waiting for you to finish talking to Professor Longbottom but you walked right past me?" "I was just lost in thought," I explained with an apologetic smile, "I didn't even see you waiting for me." "Don't worry about it," she dismissed, linking her arm through mine. "Did he sort out a tutor for you, then?" "He did," I started slowly, turning to look at the fair-haired girl who walked by my side, "But the truth is, I have no idea who he is." "How, in Merlin's name, is that possible?" She raised an eyebrow. "He told me that he's a seventh year Weasley," I explained curiously, "as if that as enough information to figure out who he is." Emily's mouth dropped open incredulously, "I know right! How is that enough information?" "Of course it's enough information," she said disbelievingly, "There's only one Weasley in seventh year and Merlin, you must be the only girl who doesn't know who he is." "So he's popular then?" She snorted slightly, eyes narrowing when she realised I was serious, "Merlin, I'd be willing to switch places if you're still against this whole tutor situation? That boy might as well be heaven sent." Frowning slightly, we turned the corner to approach the great hall. Rolling my eyes slightly, I couldn't help but remark, "What does it matter if he's handsome? A long as he's a good tutor." "I still can't believe you don't know who he is," she muttered incredulously, shaking her head a little. Her steps began to slow a little as we approached the great hall. I slowed down with her, following her eyes as she looked at a group of Ravenclaw boys who were coming the other way. They were talking between themselves, laughing as they went. "What is it?" "Do you see that boy in the middle?" she questioned quietly, leaning in towards me, "The handsome blond one in the middle? The tallest one?" "What about him?" Looking at the small group of Ravenclaw boys, my eyes settled onto the one in the middle who stood a head taller than the others. He was smiling at something of the other boys said, blue eyes sparkling in amusement as he began to laugh fully. The blond boy reached out to slap one of the other Ravenclaws on the back, eyes drifting slightly. We made eye contact suddenly and I hurried to look away, startled and a little embarrassed to have been caught staring. "That's Louis Weasley," she paused before adding, "and he's heading this way." "You better be lying Emily," I muttered under my breath, cheeks turning red in mortification. Helga, only I would be caught staring at a boy and have the misfortune of the boy deciding to take offence with it. Only she hadn't been joking and we found ourselves being forced to stop in our step as the boy – Weasley – stood to block our path. Trying to hide my embarrassment, I raised my eyes to the boy who was smiling warmly. "You're Alder, right?" he questioned, after looking between the two of us. His eyes settled onto mine finally and I struggled to stop my eyes widening in surprise; he knew who I was. "That's right," I said after receiving a sharp elbow in the side from Emily. "And you're a Weasley." "I prefer Louis, but yeah that's me." He glanced briefly over his shoulder at his friends who stood by the open doors of the great hall. The heckled him to stop his flirting and I watched him flip them off before he turned back to me with an apologetic smile, "Sorry about them, they sometimes forget they're not second years any more. Did Professor Longbottom talk to you?" "He did. You're tutoring me?" "I am." He grinned when his friends called out to him again, growing impatient, "How about we meet tomorrow in the library? By the herbology section?" "Sure," the word was quiet as I was left reeling from sight of his grin. "See you then," he called out over his shoulder as he hurried back to his friend's side. "Helga," Emily whined once he and his friends had entered the great hall and were out of earshot, "You're one lucky cow." The next day I hurried into the library, running late because the girls had refused to let me leave the dorm before they'd talked to me. Apparently, the fact that I was being tutored by Louis Weasley had managed to circulate around the dorm and they felt the need to instruct me on how to behave around him, lest I face the wrath of his fan club for getting too close to him. I had assumed that they were joking and were using the opportunity to tease me, but I had been very wrong. Alice Longbottom had announced that she was one of the members of his fan club and so I needed to treat him well. I had shared a single incredulous look with Emily before hightailing it out of the dorm and running towards the library. Once I reached the library, I took a moment to compose myself before stepping into the large room and navigating my way to the Herbology section. Searching each of the tables for the older boy, I spotted him sitting and waiting for me with his nose buried in a book. Slowly approaching him, I cleared my throat. He looked up at the sound, smiling when we made eye contact. Gesturing for me to sit down across from him, he placed his book back into his bag and I pulled out the chair and sat down. "I'm sorry I'm late," I apologised quietly, watching as he pulled out some parchment and a quill from his bag. "Don't worry about it," he insisted with a roll of his eyes, retrieving an ink well too. "I knew you were probably doing something important." He looked up briefly, raising an eyebrow. "Right?" "Something like that," I agreed. There was no way that I would tell him all about the embarrassing meeting my dormmates had called. "So let's get started then." Running a hand through his hair, he eyed the paper in front of him contemplatively, "I think we both want to finish in time for dinner." I said nothing in return, smiling a little awkwardly as I silently urged him to get a move on. The sooner he started this tutoring business, the sooner my embarrassment could die away. He frowned a little, "Are you always this quiet? Or did I say something wrong?" "It's nothing like that," I hurried to reassure him, fidgeting with my hands that were hidden from his eyes. "I'm just not quite comfortable with you yet – it takes me a while to warm up with people." "Well," he smiled warmly, "I'll just have to help you warm up to me sooner." He straightened up, leaning his crossed arms on the table. Looking at me with thoughtful eyes, he started to speak quietly, "I talked to Professor Longbottom after my lesson today and he said your grades started to slip this year? You were maintaining a high EE grade in the previous years. Do you have any idea why?" Forcing myself to give him a wan smile, I wondered how to tell him that the reason I did so well was because I'd had the longest crush on Professor Longbottom? It only made sense that I tried hard in his class so I didn't disappoint him and well, once those feelings had faded into nothing beyond respect for my favourite teacher, it was far too easy for me to get distracted. "I'm only asking because sorting out the issue might be the first step to getting your grades up," he added, thinking that he'd offended me. "So, do you have any idea what it could be?" I thought about how to phrase myself before shaking my head slightly, "It's a little personal?" Giving me a half smile, he waved his hand dismissively as if to wave the words away. "Alright then, Alder. It's dismissed and I won't pry." "Thank you," I said gratefully, relaxing a little in my seat and bringing my hands out from beneath the table to rest on top of it. He leaned in a little closer to me, lowering his voice, "Believe me, it was a purely self-preserving action on my part. I've grown up with two older sisters and had to learn the hard way that when a girl wants you to drop the matter, then that's what you should do." Tilting his head impishly, he grinned, blue eyes sparkling. I swallowed thickly; it was no wonder that he had a fan club circulating around him. "But I don't think you'd be anywhere near as vicious as my sisters were." "You shouldn't underestimate Hufflepuffs," I reprimanded, without any thought. He let out a laugh, "See – you're feeling more comfortable around me already." I said nothing to oppose his words because they were the truth. Instead of voicing my opinion, I simply shrugged and watched as his eyes lowered back to the parchment he'd set out in front of him. "I hope you don't mind, but I asked Professor Longbottom to tell me what parts of the syllabus you needed help with and made a list of them." Picking the parchment up, he held it out for me to take and my eyes widened a little as I looked over the admittedly extensive list. It was nice to know that Professor Longbottom thought I was so useless. "Wow." "I know it looks like a lot," he reached out to take the parchment from me, "but it's really not. He said that you only really need help with the first few things on the list. The rest are based on questions you've asked before in class." Nodding in understanding, I waited for him to speak, "So what would you like to start with first? Anything in particular?" "Maybe we could