I had a habit of procrastinating and it was going to get me into some serious trouble one day. Just last week I had been a month behind on making my notes and somehow through sheer will force alone – and a severe lack of sleep – I had managed to catch up. Not that I did it all on my own. Albus still had his notes from last year and I borrowed them which some people might call cheating but I called it being resourceful. Why waste time on something when there was a quicker way of doing it? After all, I am a Slytherin and it wasn't as if copying notes would get me in trouble. As I walked back to the common room, I couldn't dull the skip in my step with the realisation that there was no need for me to pull long hours studying in the library anymore. Well – I'd probably procrastinate again and fall behind in a few weeks. But that was a worry for another time; right now, all I wanted to do was go to sleep. Stepping into the common room I wasn't surprised to find that it was practically deserted. Every sane student was probably in bed right now and I couldn't wait to join them. Or rather, that had been the plan until I heard someone call my name. My eyes drifted towards the two lone male figures, sat before the fireplace and I made my way over to them. "Albus," I greeted with a smile which he returned as I turned to greet the boy sitting beside him. "Malfoy." Malfoy tilted his head curiously, not recognising who I was. Not that I could blame him for it. Out of the sheer number of girls in our house, I couldn't expect him to remember me. "You're pulling another late nighter, I see," Albus remarked, looking up at me and making me turn my eyes away from Malfoy. "You're beginning to make me worry about your health." "Don't worry about it," I said with a sheepish smile, tucking some of my hair behind my ears. "I've finally caught up so there's no need for me to pull another all-nighter." "But for how long?" he asked knowingly, making me fidget uncomfortably. "Well I'll just borrow your notes again," I declared with an innocent smile. Albus' lips turned up in one corner as he shook his head in disbelief. "I knew I should have thrown my notes away at the end of the year." "I'm glad you didn't." He rolled his eyes, pretending to wonder seriously, "Maybe I should throw them away? That way you'll learn your lesson." "You wouldn't dare Al." I leaned down to pat the top of his head, ruffling his hair slightly in the way I knew he secretly hated. "You value my friendship too much." Struggling to hide his amusement, Albus made a motion with his hand as though to usher me away. "Hurry up and go to bed before you fall asleep where you're standing." "I knew you cared about me," I cooed, pinching his cheek before turning to walk towards the girl's dorm. "You're like the younger sister I never asked for," he muttered under his breath. "But you love me anyway!" I called out, not even bothering to look back at him as I walked up the stairs and headed towards my dorm. Making sure that I remained quiet, I approached my bed and went to change into my pyjamas when I remembered Albus' notes. After I had finished changing into my pyjamas, I opened the trunk at the foot of my bed and rifled through it and found the stack of Albus' notes. Cradling the notes in one arm, I rose to my feet and made my way back to the common room. My footsteps slowed down when I heard Albus call my name incredulously. Looking at Albus from my vantage point at the top of the stairs, I realised that he wasn't talking to me and that his voice had only carried across the empty common room. "You can't be serious," Albus declared, looking at Malfoy. "I'm not going to let you do that." "Come on Al –" "No, Scorpius," he was firm, making me wonder what they were talking about and where exactly I fit into it. "It's just a bit of harmless fun." "For you maybe." Merlin, I could hear the raised eyebrow in his voice. Rolling my eyes, I continued my progress down the stairs. "Turn your attention onto any of the other string of girls you've got lined up. I don't care how 'interesting' you find her. I don't want you hurting her." Oh . My footsteps slowed to a halt once I'd reached the bottom of the stairs. What exactly had I done to make Malfoy find me interesting? And how did I undo it? The entire castle knew of what happened when Scorpius found a girl 'interesting' – she was pursued by him and when she'd succumb to him, she lasted a week at most before he switched targets. Whilst I was glad that Albus was willing to think of me so highly and was trying to 'protect' me, did he really think I would succumb to the seductions of Malfoy? And here I was thinking that he had a high opinion of me. "Relax Albus." I saw Malfoy pat Albus on the shoulder, "It's all harmless – she'll know that. I mean, come on, all the girls know it's nothing serious." "Don't even think about it." Albus was so serious that it made Malfoy pause. "Just because they know that doesn't mean it doesn't hurt them any less. And I swear Scorp, if you hurt her then I'm going to hex your family jewels off your body." The two boys were silent, assessing each other and I rolled my eyes at their male prostrating. They were forgetting one key factor of their conversation – me. And I had no interest in being Malfoy's newest conquest. My only interests were eating and sleeping. I didn't have time for Malfoy and his mind games. "Albus," I called out quietly, watching the two boys grow tense at the sound of my voice. Really. Barely containing an eye roll, I crossed the common room and made my way to stand in front of the two of them. "So, what were you busybodies talking about then?" My words, instilling a false sense of security, made them both relax. "Nothing," Albus insisted with a smile, "I thought you were going to bed?" "Oh I am." I handed him the stack of notes I'd borrowed from him. "Here, I wanted to return these while I remembered to." "Ah, thanks." His eyes flickered towards Malfoy whose eyes were trained on my face, rather disconcertingly. "You should probably head up now." "You're right." I smiled once more down at him. "Goodnight, Albus." "Goodnight," he murmured back as I walked back towards the stairs. "Goodnight," I heard Malfoy call out from behind me and I returned it without even looking back at him. Ignoring the weight of the two pair of eyes on my back, I climbed the stairs to head back towards my dorm. Boys were so bloody annoying. But – knowing Malfoy's flighty nature, I had no doubt that some other girl would have caught his eye by tomorrow morning. I wasn't worried. "I know that look Scorpius," was the last thing I heard of their voices as I reached the top of the stairs. I was proud of myself. I was a week on from returning Albus' notes to him and I had yet to procrastinate. It was a record. That was why I was in the library on a Saturday whilst the rest of the girls were in Hogsmeade. They had all finished their work yesterday but hey – I still thought I was making improvements. The girls had promised to get me a little something back from Hogsmeade and with that for motivation, I was powering through my workload. I was so determined to get through my work that I didn't pay attention to the boy that came and sat across from me. Perhaps I should have. At the quiet call of my name – my first name – I finally looked up at the boy and did a double take at the sight of Malfoy. "Can I help you?" I asked back, waiting for him to say something. He furrowed his eyebrows before his expression smoothed out, "What? No hello?" "Hello." I gave him a look, "Did you need something because otherwise I need to get on with my work." "Why aren't you at Hogsmeade?" he asked curiously, unscrewing the lid to his well of ink. "Why aren't you?" I asked back, turning to my incomplete page of notes, "I'm sure there's an entire line of girls waiting for you to ask them." He looked up momentarily, smiling briefly. "I need to do some work – I am a 7th year after all." "If you say so," I murmured back mildly. "Now you answer my question." He put his hand on my wrist, stopping me from writing. I pulled my hand away, watching him closely. "I need to do some work," I repeated his words back to him and from the upwards curve of his lips I knew he'd realised that. "And you didn't want to go to Hogsmeade?" Giving up his pretence of working, he leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms over his chest. "I did." Setting my quill aside, I copied his movement. "But my friends promised me they'd bring me something back so I don't feel that bad about not going." I shrugged watching him nod. "You're friends?" He raised a curious eyebrow. "I haven't really seen you around often." "Because not everyone strives to catch your attention," I remarked coolly, listening to the voice in my head that prompted me to continue with my words. "But you know my friends, right? I mean there's Sam and Tia –" "Ah," he said in understanding and I watched him shuffle slightly in his seat. Tia had been one of the girls he'd messed around with for a grand total of a week until he'd gotten bored and moved onto a Hufflepuff girl in his year. Not that Tia was heartbroken by his decision, according to her, she had used him to make someone jealous. "Yes, ah ." Leaning towards him, I pressed my crossed arms on the desk and eyed him curiously, "Scorpius Hyperion Malfoy, what do you want from me?" "Nothing," he denied innocently with a shake of his head. "I just want to talk." "I don't believe you." Raising an eyebrow, I straightened up in my seat, "Whatever you find interesting about me, don't. I have no interest in becoming anything to you so turn your attention onto some other girl." "Hey now," he protested. Now he was the one to lean in, putting an earnest expression on his face. He was quite an actor. "All I want to do is to talk. I swear." "Just to talk?" I repeated, my tone telling him that I didn't believe him for a second. He nodded. "I swear – I don't have ulterior motives." Lies, my mind screamed but nevertheless, I asked, "Why?" "Why what? Why do I want to talk?" I nodded, "I thought we could be friends?" "Did you now?" He nodded once, raising his eyes and spearing me into place. "There's not many people I can talk to, you see." His words rang with truth and they made me see him differently. Not that he'd realise it but for a small fraction of a second I saw past the façade he'd put up, the one he wore almost constantly. "Ok," I relented, taking my wand and putting it on the table, harmlessly. He got the hint. "Let's talk then." And we