Had Ancient Ruins always been so utterly boring? When I had first chosen the subject, I'd been enthralled by the study of what many others called boring. But I liked looking through the ancient texts and understanding them. Or rather, I had, until all our lessons became completely theoretical and suddenly there was very few practical lessons. I had chosen the subject back in third year and now that I was in my sixth, I majorly regretted it. Salazar, it was mind numbingly boring. But then again, I thought as my eyes settled onto the back of a turquoise blue head, the lesson didn't need to necessarily remain boring. Not when I could play my favourite game of flustering Lupin a little. Looking back to the passage of text that we'd been assigned to translate, I erased the last sentence I had written and replaced it with one I knew was wrong. The mistake was only slight; enough to catch Lupin's attention without making him question my intelligence. "Lupin," I called out quietly to the Hufflepuff sat directly in front of me. He glanced over his shoulder, raising an eyebrow at me. "What is it, Owens?" "Are you finished with your translation?" He nodded and I smiled the smile that I knew caught him off guard. And sure enough, there it was; the beginning of pink blooming at the root of his hair. "Would you mind looking over mine for me?" "Sure," he murmured, turning in his seat to face my desk. His desk mate Barnes, glanced curiously back at us and gave up pretending to complete his work. Instead he copied Lupin and turned in his seat. "She didn't call you ," Lauren said from beside me, shooting Barnes a look. "I don't remember this conversation involving you either," Barnes shot back. Lupin and I shared a look, one that made the tips of his ears redden slightly. Merlin, he was adorable. He even tried to hold my gaze, wanting to come across as being unaffected. Picking up my parchment, I held it out to him and he made no move to take it. "The translation?" "Ah right." Snatching the parchment from me, he ignored the snickers coming from his friend and looked over the translation. Beside us Barnes was unloading the issues he was having with his boyfriend onto Lauren who was trying to insist that it was none of her business. That would have been true if she hadn't been the one to set them up. Instead of intruding on their conversation, I kept my gaze on Lupin as he looked over the parchment, completely oblivious to my gaze. He was reaching the end of the translation and I knew he found the mistake when his eyebrows furrowed. He checked it twice before looking up to my waiting eyes. "Will you pass me your translation textbook?" When I handed it over to him, he flicked through it and found the correct page, sliding the book towards me. He leaned in closer to me, pointing to something on the page. "You've mixed these two words up," he explained steadily, "and, I'm sure you know that they mean completely different things. It's a really common mistake so don't worry about –" His voice trailed off when he looked up, meeting my eyes. When he realised just how closed we'd gotten, he pushed away from me and cleared his throat. "Thanks Lupin," I said with a grin, pulling my translation back and fixing my 'accidental' error. Setting my quill down on the table, I turned to the boy. "Smart and handsome; you're the perfect package Lupin." The words were the trick; his entire face flushed red and try as he might, he couldn't stop the rest of his hair from going pink. The sight of it had me smiling even more as Lupin hurried to face the front of the classroom again. Barnes smothered his chuckles, following suit. "Why do you keep doing that to Lupin?" Lauren asked curiously, looking suddenly to her own work when the Professor looked up from her desk to do a quick survey of the classroom. "You keep flirting with him on purpose. Why?" "Because of the way he reacted the first time," I admitted quietly, "the first time I complimented him on doing well on a test – I think it was – his hair turned pink like it still does. It was interesting to see what it took to make him lose control of his metamorphmagus ability." "And?" she prompted, "I know that's not it." "I don't know," I said with a slight shrug, "I guess I keep doing it to see if he'll keep reacting in the same way." "You've never thought about why he reacts the way he does? Like maybe he's developed feelings for you?" I was silent for a while before asking softly, "Would that be so bad?" Lauren turned to me with a knowing glance as the lesson came to an end. I began packing my stuff and she did the same. As we walked towards the door she leaned in close to me and asked, "Somewhere along the lines you developed feelings for him?" "Yes," I said truthfully, seeing no point in trying to deny it. She nodded to herself before reaching out suddenly, pushing me just as I reached the doorway. A surprised shriek left me and I stumbled on my feet when someone caught me. "Sorry about that Lupin," Lauren apologised, the picture of innocence. "She's a bit of a klutz sometimes." Klutz, my foot. I narrowed my eyes at her for a moment before straightening up and looking to Lupin who was staring down at me with wide eyes. His hands were still on my shoulders from where he'd caught me. I looked over him contemplatively and smiled coyly, "You're pretty athletic too, huh? You really are the perfect package." He stumbled over his words, trying to figure out a reply and I only smiled in response. Reaching up to pat his cheek, I said a quiet thank you and watched his hair, which until now had slowly been turning turquoise again, shift into a bright pink. "You should keep it like that," I called out from over my shoulder as I turned to leave the classroom, pulling Lauren alongside me. "It must be a hassle to keep having to gain control over it." At the beginning of the year Lupin and I had been assigned to complete our rounds together and for the first few I went out of my way to flirt with him. He was just too cute when he was flustered. But, spending the entire duration of our rounds flirting with him shook him slightly and I had been forced to cut down a little bit for fear that he would end up in the hospital wing otherwise. That being said, I still made it my aim to try and get his hair to shift into a pink. When I became aware of my feelings for him I had tried to find some other meaning to his behaviour, to his loss of control but I hadn't found much on it – granted I hadn't searched very far. And whilst I might not have understood much about it, it was still fascinating to watch. We patrolled through the corridors, handling the upper floor in what was known amongst the prefects as the 'make out' route and I was surprised that we hadn't caught anyone yet. Or maybe I'd spoken too soon. The moment we turned the corner, my eyes instantly went to the couple going at it in the corner. Merlin, I thought with a crinkled nose, the bloke looked like he was trying to eat the poor girl's face. I turned to Lupin, wondering whether he'd offer to step in. But of course he didn't. No prefect liked having to break up one of the randy teenage couples that snuck out to the abandoned corners of the castle. "Why don't we play rock, paper, scissors?" I suggested quietly, meeting the taller boy's eyes. "Loser has to split them up and rescue that girl from the spit shower she's receiving." Lupin made a face at my words but reached into his pocket, pulling out his wand. "I have a better idea." Without another word he sent a stinging hex towards the couple. It hit the boy straight in the back, making him stumble away from the girl with a startled cry. He turned then, looking around the corridor to see who had hexed him. When his eyes settled on the pair of us, he paled drastically and I couldn't help but sigh; if he was willing to sneak out after curfew then he needed to be able to handle the consequences. "Get back to your common rooms," Lupin ordered the pair who hurried away. The boy went to walk past Lupin when he reached out and caught the boy by his robes. "Don't leave so quickly Ben; 10 points from Hufflepuff. Now you can go. Make sure you don't get caught on your way back to the common room and lose us more points." With those words, Lupin sent the younger Hufflepuff away and we continued our rounds. We didn't get far when I felt the urge to tease Lupin begin to eat away at my composure. I hadn't teased him at all since we began our rounds and that was a record for me. It was only about time I teased him or else he'd grow more anxious about my unusual behaviour, he might even think that I was ill. So really, I was doing this for his benefit. "So Lupin," I said softly, "have you ever been pulled away to some dark corner of the castle during your rounds? Or are you too innocent to do stuff like that?" Looking up at him I managed to catch the sight of him rolling his eyes. My eyes instantly went to his hair and I was impressed to see not even the beginning of a pink tint; he was improving. "I'm not that innocent," he protested, pushing my playfully with his shoulder. "Oh yeah," I played along, looking up at him. He met my eyes steadily and I found myself coming to a stop. Giving him a teasing grin, I baited, "Prove it." I expected him to back away from me like he normally would have, but he didn't. Completely unexpectedly, his grin grew and I faltered a little. Something was very wrong with Lupin. Where was the red tipped ears, the awkward shy smile, the pink hair? "How about I prove it?" he offered, catching me even further off guard. "Prove it?" I repeated slowly, swallowing nervously. His grin shifted into a positively Slytherin smirk as he gestured back to where we'd found the couple. "That corner back there seemed very cosy. Why don't we go ahead and try it out?" My mouth parted slightly and unable to help myself, I took a step closer to him. His eyes flickered slightly, surprised by the action but the reaction was nowhere near his usual self. I rose up, bringing a hand to his forehead. "Are you ill?" I questioned sincerely, meeting his eyes. His eyebrows rose and in answer he wrapped an arm around my waist, pulling me into his chest. I gasped slightly, feeling my heart begin to race in my chest. Taking a breath to steady my heart, I went to ask him something when he beat me to it. "Is this your way of asking to play doctors, Owens?" I pushed away from him, coming out of his embrace. "Something is very wrong with you Lupin." "There's nothing wrong with me," he protested but I wasn't listening. "There has to be or else you wouldn't be behaving this way." Reaching out to clasp his robe sleeve in my hand, I began to lead him back to the Hufflepuff