The wizarding world was curious about Cormac McLaggen, the star-studded keeper who had emerged from the shadows of the bench at the start of the year and had taken the word by storm. And the Daily Prophet was going to give them the exclusive they were looking for. To the general population, he was more than a pretty face. Sole heir to the McLaggen family fortune, and an unbeatable keeper he garnered interest from both quidditch and non-quidditch fans alike. But to those that had gone to Hogwarts with him he was something else. He had, at one point, been so arrogant that an encounter with him left an unpleasant taste in your mouth but, apparently, he had changed following the Battle of Hogwarts. He was a good quidditch player, a good friend and a good son. But to me, he was someone else. He probably had no recollection of the little fourth year that he had approached after the battle. Hogsmeade was plunged into chaos as the underage students waited around for some news about what was happening. We knew that Harry had won, that we had won but that was it. No one had mentioned the list of casualties, the list of those that we had lost and I couldn't shake the ill feeling in my stomach. Dennis had run off somewhere in search of his friends as they tried to get some news from the castle to try and find out where our older brother was. Colin had stayed behind to fight and even my desperate pleading hadn't been enough to change his mind. "Miss Creevey," a tap on my shoulder followed the words. Turning around to face the person that was demanding my attention, I stared up into the face of a man. Cormac McLaggen – he was one of the few to come down to Hogsmeade to relay news to us. We were forbidden from going up to the castle yet. "Yes?" I asked, wringing my hands together nervously. McLaggen's face was contrite as he searched for the words to say. But even before he had said a word, I knew. "I'm sorry-" "Please don't say it," I cut him off, a hand outstretched pleadingly towards him. "Please don't say what I think you're going to say." He swallowed thickly, but continued. In that moment, I hated him for it, but a few months later I would thank him for being brave enough to give me the first piece of closure I needed. "I'm sorry but your brother, Colin, he was one of the casualties of the war." I dropped to my knees, wailing and crying in the middle of the Hogshead. If only he had listened to me. If he hadn't been so pig-headed then he would still be – he would have been An arm wrapped around my shoulder, momentarily stopping my crying. Knowing that it was probably Dennis, I turned my face into his chest and cried my heart out as my brother patted my back. I have no idea how long I stayed like that until I heard Dennis call my name. But his voice was too quiet to have come from the man holding me. I pulled away, looking up into McLaggen's face. Embarrassed beyond belief, I rose to my feet and faced Dennis who was standing, stunned at the scene he had found me in. Catching sight of the trail of tears running down my face and my bloodshot eyes, he instantly held his arms out. "What's the matter?" I went into his arms gratefully, burrowing myself against his shoulder. "Colin." The name was enough. He tightened his arms around me and let me cry. Peeking my head up from his shoulder, I sniffled and rubbed my tears away in time to see McLaggen walk out of the room. "Miss Creevey!" a voice called out, catching my attention as I sat in the stands. The voice pulled my attention away from the keeper that I had been focusing all of my attention on. Looking at the person who had called my name, I rose to greet the team's coach, tucking my notepad and pen into my pocket. Making my way down the stands, I came to a stop beside the coach and shook his hand. "I take it that you're here to start your research on our star keeper?" he asked, looking at the man who had held my attention only moments ago. "That's right," I said with a smile. "But I was actually hoping to talk to you and the team captain today? So as to get an idea of how other people see him." "Of course, we can arrange for that," he agreed, blowing his whistle to halt the practice. I watched as one of the chasers threw the quaffle just as the whistle was blown. McLaggen caught it easily, cradling the quaffle in one hand and steadying himself on the broom with the other. All eyes flew to the coach and I shifted uncomfortably, noticing the number of curious eyes on me. I met a pair of eyes as they hovered by the goal post and looked away as the coach called for the captain. "Pucey!" The captain, Adrian Pucey – one of the youngest captain's in a century, flew over towards the stands and dismounted to stand beside his coach. Nodding his head in greeting towards me, he looked back to his coach. "Adrian, you had an article featuring you written last year for the Daily Prophet. So you know how these things work," the older started, clapping Pucey on the back. "She wants to talk to you about Cormac and find out what you think about him." "As the team captain or as a friend?" Pucey asked, turning his eyes onto me. "As both preferably," I answered as the coach left the pair of us alone to resume the practice. Sitting down on one of the benches, I brought out my pen and notepad, ready to start questioning him. Ignoring the odd look Pucey gave the muggle artefacts, I was thrown off when he started to speak first. "I haven't seen you since you left Hogwarts." He tapped his fingers on the bench beneath him. "You saw me in Hogwarts?" I furrowed my eyebrows. "You were always trailing after your eldest brother, trying to talk him out of some hair brained scheme." Seeing the turn in my facial expression, he wisely changed the topic. "So, when are you going to start interviewing the main man himself?" "We've been owling back and forth." I tucked some hair behind my ear, throwing another look at the keeper in question. "He suggested conducting the interview somewhere in Hogsmeade – he said something about it being more comfortable for him and for the team." "And where did you suggest?" "The Three Broomsticks?" Looking up into Pucey's eyes, I bit down on my bottom lip cautiously. "That is alright, isn't it?" Pucey grinned cheekily, throwing me off guard. "Oh, I'm sure he'll love that." I hadn't been working for the Daily Prophet for long. In fact, I had only worked my way up to being a 'real' reporter at the start of the year and this piece on McLaggen was to be the fourth piece I'd written that was guaranteed to be published. And because I was such a newbie, I took every piece of advice I was given to heart. For example, always turn up early to a scheduled interview as you didn't want the subject of your interview to have to wait for you and become annoyed. That was why I turned up 10 minutes early to the Three Broomsticks. But the moment I stepped through the door, I knew something was wrong. It was extremely crowded, more crowded than it normally was. The group of people seemed to be milling around the corner booth that I had unofficially reserved for the interview. Pushing my way through the crowd, I managed to force my way to the booth and saw the reason why it was so busy. Cormac McLaggen was sat in the booth, 10 minutes early. At the sight of me, he straightened up and waved me over. Approaching the booth, I slid in beside him and made sure to keep a professional distance between us. Just to make sure, I placed my bag between us and started to rifle through it. "Before we start, why don't we order some drinks?" he asked making me flush with embarrassment. "Right, sorry," I apologised, tucking some hair that had managed to fall from my ponytail, behind my ear. "I hadn't expected you to be here early so I'm a bit frazzled." When I looked up at him, I was greeted with a charming smile. "You're not supposed to keep a beautiful woman waiting." "Right," I muttered, looking down into my bag again. Maybe casting an undetectable extension charm on it had been a bad idea? Eventually I found my pen and notepad and placed them victoriously on the table. "So?" McLaggen prompted, making me look up at him in confusion. "The drinks?" "Oh, right." I rose to my feet, intending to go to bar and order. "Where are you going?" he called out before I could take a step away from him. "To order the drinks?" I trailed off cautiously, sitting back down when he motioned for me to do so. "That's not what I meant." He chuckled under his breath. "I mean, what do you want to drink?" "Ah, Pumpkin juice, please." Picking up my notepad, I flicked through it to find the page where I'd written down everything Pucey and the coach had told me during their brief interviews. "Are you sure you don't want anything stronger?" I looked up momentarily, "I don't drink alcohol when I'm working." "Not one to mix business and pleasure together, are you?" he remarked as he left the booth and headed towards the bar. He didn't struggle to make his way through the crowd as I had. Instead the crowd parted easily for him. I didn't contemplate his words as I pulled out a list of questions that I had already pre-prepared prior to this meeting. He returned minutes later, sliding into the booth and setting the glass of chilled pumpkin juice in front of me. When he sat down, taking a swig of his knotgrass mead as he did so, I noticed that he sat closer than he had done before – regardless of the bag between us. I cleared my throat, "I hope that you've kept the receipt so we can reimburse you." He let out a breath of disbelief, making my eyebrows pull up slightly. "It's on me, love." "If you're sure." I reverted into business mode, picking up my pen and twiddling it between my fingers. "Before we begin, is there any thing you'd like to ask me about this interview or the final report?" "There is one thing I'm curious about." He reached an arm behind him to ruffle his hair. "What is that?" He was pointing at the pen in my hand. "This?" I looked down at the pen and then back at him. He nodded – I'd forgotten that he was a pureblood. "It's a pen – muggles use it to write and it's much more practical than using a quill and ink." "But where does the ink come from?" "The ink's inside of the pen." I drew a line at the corner of my page to prove my point. "Is that all you want to know?" He nodded again, "And is this all you want to ask me?" I hadn't realised that he had taken the piece of paper with my questions on it. He looked over them, a frown pulling at the corner of his lips. "Is there a problem? I can change them or take something out if you're not comfortable-" "It's not that." He waved a hand dismissively. "They're