Albus wanted to ask me out and I knew that. How did I know that? Well, Rosie had told me the moment her favourite cousin had spilled his guts to her and Albus remained none the wiser. Why did she do that? Because she knew that I returned his feelings. So now I was waiting, waiting for him to pluck up the courage and ask me. It wasn't as if I could ask him out – not because I'm a girl – but because Rosie insisted that Albus had something 'big' planned and it would be a shame to put his weeks of planning to shame. If I had known his plan was so stupid then I wouldn't have listened to Rosie. Albus' plan consisted of consulting his male cousins – most of which were still single and failing spectacularly in the love department – for their help. Apparently, according to Rosie, he trusted them more than he trusted himself. Which, even I knew, was a bad move and I was only left to wonder which of them had given him rubbish pieces of advice that they actually believed would work. It seemed that I didn't have long to wait as he walked into the carriage door. "Hi, Albus," I called out with a smile, only to frown when he didn't return the greeting, let alone the smile. Inclining his head, as if to say that he'd heard me, he shut the door behind me before sitting down across from me, beside Rosie. Was this one of the rubbish pieces of advice or was there something truly wrong that had put him into such a bad mood? Settling down into his seat, Albus' eyes passed over me completely, turning to Rosie. That was odd. She schooled her features to hide the confusion she felt at his uncharacteristic behaviour. As Albus engaged her in conversation, Rosie looked briefly over at me and raised both eyebrows at me. She was just as confused as I was. Perhaps he didn't like me? Maybe Rosie had been mistaken and Merlin, if she had then I'd never live it down. I'd have to crawl into a hole and cry my eyes out before I re-emerged into society. The carriage door opened again as Scorpius field into the room, tugging his trunk behind him. "How was your summer Scorp?" I asked with a smile, rising to my feet to make some space for him to sit beside me. "Dad and I spent most of the time playing quidditch," he said with a laugh, hoisting his trunk up above, into the overhead storage. "Mum was so annoyed when we missed dinner with some of her friends. What about your summer?" "The usual," I trailed off, watching as Scorpius moved to sit beside me in the seat I had just vacated for him. Seeing the movement, Albus rose to his feet and gestured for Scorpius to sit in his seat. Scorpius looked back at me with furrowed eyebrows before complying with Albus's silence gesture. The three of us eyed Albus closely, wondering what was behind his uncharacteristic behaviour when Albus sat down in the space beside me. It would appear that he was the only one unaware of how unlike himself he was currently acting and didn't feel the scrutiny of our eyes. Although, from the red that was creeping up his neck, he was completely aware but made no comment on it. Scorpius cleared his throat and looked back at me, "The usual, huh? So, you spent the entire summer binge watching all the television you couldn't watch when we were at school?" "You say that like it's a bad thing," I muttered with a pout, "Do you have any idea how much good TV there is now, Scorpius?" He rolled his eyes with a slight smirk playing around his lips. Not that he would admit it – but Scorpius was hooked on watching TV, so much so, that he had convinced his parents to buy one for the manor. Albus suddenly rose to his feet, the action drawing my eyes to his figure. He didn't look at me. Instead, he looked over at Scorpius and gestured for him to follow him out of the carriage. "I'm going to go find the trolley," he announced, leaving the carriage as Scorpius trailed after him. "I want a sugar quill," Rosie called out to his retreating back and before he left, Scorpius shared an enquiring look with me. I shrugged my shoulders, having no explanation for Albus' random behaviour. "Merlin, Rosie," I exclaimed once I knew they were out of earshot, "What is going on with your cousin?" "I have no idea," she admitted, "He's not in a bad mood – I can tell that much – because he's not pouting in a corner somewhere. But I have no idea what he's doing." "If you don't know, then how am I supposed to know?" I sighed, looking down at my shoes momentarily. Since when had Albus become so confusing? "I'm not sure but maybe –" Rosie trailed off suddenly and I looked curiously up at her to find her watching as Albus and Scorpius returned to the carriage. They hovered in the doorway and I rolled my eyes. Great – even Scorpius was acting weirdly now. Albus threw something towards me and I caught it quickly, staring down at the chocolate frog box before raising my eyes back to his. "They're you're favourite," was all he said in explanation and Rose made a sudden noise of understanding. She was quick to clear her throat and accept the sugar quill that Albus handed to her. I gave her a look and she silently gestured that she'd tell me later. The two boys, rather than return to the carriage, appeared to turn to leave again. "Where are you going?" Rose asked, setting her sugar quill aside. "To find James," Albus explained before he left the carriage. Once the two boys had left the carriage, Rose was on her feet and shutting the carriage door. Drawing the blind closed over the window of the door, she pressed her back against it before she looked back to me. Her eyes were alight with amusement and she bounced on her feet slightly, just like she did when she had figured out the solution to a particularly annoying problem. "What is it?" I asked, opening my chocolate frog. I peered down at the card and couldn't help but giggle at the sight of Mr Potter as he stared up at me, looking powerful and imposing. The real Mr Potter was nothing like that. "I know why he's acting so weirdly," she rushed out. "Well go on then, explain." "He's taking James advice." She stopped her bouncing. "He gave some rubbish advice that acting like he didn't care would make you curious." "Which it did," I admitted. "But then he said that a small random act of warmth," here she gestured to my chocolate frog, "would fluster you and get you to fall for him." "And this was James' advice?" I furrowed my eyebrows, "Well it's crap. Maybe it would have more merit if he actually tried it himself." Rosie snorted in agreement. "Tell me about it – James isn't in any position to be giving anyone any advice about girls. He can barely get his crush to give him the time of day." No one was more pleased than I was when Albus moved on from following James' advice. He had seemed to return to normal but I couldn't be sure of that. My scepticism had been proved justified when Albus returned to the Slytherin table for breakfast the next morning acting very … Gryffindor. It seemed that Albus had inherited his father's heroism. Although, I didn't see how his small acts of 'heroism' were actually that brave. In fact, some of them were just downright stupid. If we were walking through Hogsmeade and a carriage was coming down the road towards us, then the normal thing to do would be to tell me so I could move out of the way. Right? That was what any normal person would think. But not Albus Severus Potter. No, he leapt in the way, pushing me out of the way and endangering himself like a bloody moron. He was lucky that the carriage driver had seen him and came to a stop before he hit him. Bloody idiot. Apparently, if Rose's words were to be trusted, then Albus was currently acting on the words of Fred. Out of all the extensive family members he could have asked, he had asked Fred. Merlin, Albus was supposed to be smart. I had considered putting him out of his misery by asking him out already, just to stop these antics before they progressed any further but I stopped myself. What if he thought that the only reason I asked him out was because of the way he had started to act? Knowing Albus, he'd instantly assume that that was the reason I was attracted to him and I didn't want him to think that. I wanted him to know that I liked him for him – the nervous in an adorable way, slightly angsty person that he was. I'd just have to wait until he ran out of family members to ask – I'd be waiting a long time. We were currently sat on the quidditch stands, watching as Gryffindor went head to head with Ravenclaw. Rosie arced through the air, quaffle tucked tight beneath her arm as she raced towards the goal hoop. She scored another goal and I rose to my feet to give an almighty cheer. Albus laughed, rising to his feet to join in on my cheering. "Sometimes I forget how much you love quidditch," he remarked, shuffling in closer to me when the crowd started to jostle around because of the cold. His shoulder brushed against mine and I turned to face him. "And then you go and do something embarrassing like screaming so much louder than every other spectator and I remember." "Albus Severus Potter," I gasped, smacking him on the shoulder. "If you're so embarrassed to be seen with me then don't sit with me at the games anymore. You know what, don't even go anywhere with me." "Alright, alright, you big baby," he said placatingly, nudging me. "I'll stop teasing you." "Good." I nudged him back. "Besides," he continued quietly, and I almost wondered whether he wanted me to hear the words at all, "I never said that I didn't like it." The words caught me by surprise and I looked back at him again, taking my attention away from the quidditch pitch. "Albus –" His eyes widened in surprise and before I knew it he had taken me in his arms, making me brace myself against his chest. I felt my face flush as I looked into his face, suddenly becoming aware of the shocked screams around us. Looking back to the pitch, I saw a Gryffindor beater hurtle a bludger in the direction of the Slytherin stand. I screwed my eyes shut, waiting for the impact when I felt Albus tighten his arms protectively around me. The screams stopped and I dared to open my eyes to see the same Gryffindor beater, strike the bludger with his bat before it could hit the stand. The beater remained hovering in front of where we were standing and turned to see the position the two of us were in. Wriggling his eyebrows suggestively, Fred tipped an imaginary hat in our direction before heading back to join the game. I felt my mouth part in shock; they were willing to endanger my life for this stupidity. Once this was all over, I would tell Albus never to take relationship advice from a man who was pining after his younger sister's best friend but was yet to realise it. Truly, Fred's blatant acts of