"There aren't many people here," Susan whispered in my ear as we headed into the potions classroom and after a quick head count, I realised that only 13 of us had managed to advance into N.E.W.T level potions this year. "It's more than there would have been had Snape been teaching it," I muttered back as we took a seat in the seats we had practically reserved since our first year. "If Snape had still been professor then there's no way that Potter and Weasley would be in here." "It's a good thing Snape doesn't teach potions anymore." We watched as Professor Slughorn walked towards the front of the class, fixing the things that he'd need for the first lesson. "I wouldn't be able to put up with that man for another two years." "I don't think anyone would," I muttered, scrunching my nose at the thought of the possibility of being in the presence of that man for another two years. And I wasn't even going to take D.A.D.A at N.E.W.T. level so there was no need to see him anymore! The thought alone brought a smile to my face, my eyes drifting around the room and landing on the table where four Slytherins were sat, talking between one another. "And you know the other good thing? Slughorn doesn't blatantly favour the Slytherins so there'll be no chance of them getting extra points for no reason." Susan nodded in agreement as we turned to Slughorn who started the lesson, talking through what the syllabus of the year would entail and I listened to him, jotting down what I thought were the important details of what he was saying. My attention was, however, pulled away from the older man when something stole my focus. A piece of paper, folded into a flawless dove, suddenly appeared on the centre of the page I had been writing on. I furrowed my eyes, staring down at the dove before looking around the potions classroom, only to find that everyone else was busy scribbling stuff down – even Weasley. I turned back to the front, eyes meeting Slughorn's as he rose his eyebrows at me. I flushed red, ducking my head down and pretending to get one with making notes as he continued to speak. My eyes went back to the white dove on my paper and I watched, intrigued, as elegant cursive slowly wrote out my name on the dove. Setting my quill down on the table, I picked up the dove and cast another glance around the classroom. No one was looking at me so I didn't think it was from anyone in the room. Susan nudged me suddenly, almost making me drop the dove and I glanced back at her. she furrowed her eyebrows at me in concern and I glanced sharply down at the paper dove held in my hand, making her do the same. Leaning closer to me, she looked down at the paper dove with blatant interest. "What is it?" she asked quietly, lowering her voice so Slughorn wouldn't hear her. "I have no idea." I shrugged slightly, "I think it's a note." "Well, open it then." she urged and bit back the retort that I had tried to before she had interrupted me. Without another word, I gently unfolded the dove, making sure that it didn't tear whilst I did so. Laying the paper flat against the table, I used my hand to smoothen it out slightly and looked at the cursive that matched the one that had written my name on the other side. Reading the words written on the paper, I wondered if they were meant to be for my eyes only? Even if they were, it was too late as Susan had read the note from over my shoulder and had giggled quietly. Colour rose to my cheeks as I looked around the classroom yet again. Susan's giggle had gained the interest of the Slytherin table and upon making eye contact with Malfoy and then Nott, I hurried to turn around again. I threw a glare at Susan who was making kissy faces in my direction. "Would you stop that," I hissed as Slughorn finished talking, "You're drawing so much attention to us." "I can't help it," she insisted, "You've only gone and got yourself a secret admirer, of all things. Who do you think it is?" I was almost tempted to answer her question, but I didn't. Instead, I pulled the note away from her and took a glance at the blackboard at the front of the classroom. "It looks like we're brewing a Draught of Living Death," I said, flicking to the appropriate page in my textbook, "Apparently Slughorn's going to give the student that does the best a vial of Felix Felicis." "Well that's hardly going to be us," Susan muttered as she rose to her feet, "Not with wonder boy Potter in the same room." "That's true." We both get on with our potion brewing and frankly it was a disaster. But, one good thing about the potion brewing not turning out as I hope was that my mind didn't wander to the note lying at the bottom of my school bag. Although, the matter did stand, who sent the note? Merlin, if it was someone in my Potions class then I would potentially die of embarrassment – they could have been watching my reaction as I read the note for the first time. My potion started bubbling violently, pulling me from my thoughts. It definitely wasn't supposed to be doing that. I scrambled to fix the potion. How can someone make looking confused so adorable? Did my suddenly appearing note surprise you? Hopefully you're not too creeped out by this as there's many more to come. See you soon, my little badger From your secret admirer Unable to help myself, I turned to look at the Slytherins at the back of the classroom. Or rather, at one particular Slytherin. Since arriving at Hogwarts, I had only heard Nott speak a handful of times – the boy preferred to keep to himself and could, more often than not, be found with his head buried in a book. It was obvious that he was a man of few words, could he perhaps – I dismissed the thought. But merlin did I wish it was him. Nott looked up from his cauldron, eyes meeting mine instantly as my own widened with embarrassment. I hadn't thought he'd catch me looking at him. He arched an eyebrow and I turned quickly, facing my own cauldron. "How bloody stupid," I berated myself quietly, dropping my head into my hands. Following on from the disaster that was my first potions lesson, I made sure to not even glance in Nott's direction. He probably thought I was some freak or that I was obsessed with him. Or, Merlin forbid, that I was interested in Malfoy, or even Zabini. The notes, however, didn't just appear during my potions lesson. They appeared randomly in the middle of any of my lessons, sitting in the centre of my parchment. Or whilst I was in the great hall, balancing on the edge of my plate. Sometimes, I'd head up to my dorm to settle in for the night and would find a note waiting for me on my pillow. But, the notes I liked the most were the ones that were waiting for me when I woke up in the morning, resting on the mattress beside my pillow. Of course this entire note situation was far too odd for me to fully comprehend and the hidden identity of my self-proclaimed admirer was one of the foremost things that occupied my time. It was only natural for me to become curious about him – and I assumed it was a him – and my curiosity only grew more because I had no way of responding to them. Where was I supposed to send the note to? Although – I had at once point succumb to the temptation to research a little bit into charms that might help me figure out their identity when I stumbled across a charm. It suggested that if I charmed the note and wrote on it, it would go back to the sender. But I hadn't had the opportunity to try it out yet. The sound of a stool scraping against the floor of the potion's classroom brought me out of my thoughts. Looking up at Susan, I watched as she rose to her feet, gathering her things. Surely, I hadn't dozed off for the entirety of the lesson? I glanced at the clock and realised that I hadn't – the lesson had only started 10 minutes ago. "Where are you going?" I asked quietly, noticing that other people in the class were rising to their feet as well. "Slughorn's assigning us new seats," she muttered, looking down at me with a frown. "Apparently, this is his bid for interhouse unity." "Interhouse unity?" Having packed all of her things, Susan walked away from our table and I was tempted to call her back. Instead, I watched as she approached one of the other desks in the classroom and sat herself down besides Weasley. She threw me a disgruntled look before engaging Boot, who sat across from her, in conversation. Looking back to my own table, I frowned, wondering who I was going to be sat with. "You have a habit of looking around the classroom." My eyes widened very slightly at the sound of that voice. It was one that I hadn't heard often but it was one I could identify from all others. Maintaining a façade of indifference, I glanced up at Nott who made himself comfortable in the seat beside me, all whilst trying to get my heartbeat to slow down. "Pardon," I said quietly. "You heard me Jarvis," he said quietly, pulling his things out of his bag, "Although, I had thought that I held your attention but now I realise that you stare at almost anything." What was I to say that? How was I supposed to respond? I did nothing and instead looked back to Slughorn who started to talk about the process of making the Shrinking Solution. It took some herculean effort to turn my attention away from the man sitting beside me who was listening to Slughorn attentively, showing no signs of being affected by my presence. He twiddled his quill between his index finger and thumb as he listened, the motion catching my attention and I forced myself to pay attention to Slughorn. I didn't want to embarrass myself further in front of Nott. Picking up my own quill, I started to jot some notes down · Solution should be a green colour when completed · Can be POISONOUS if brewed in correctly Yet another dove appeared on my parchment and I hurried to take it before Nott could see. Only it was no use; Nott snagged the dove and held it to his eyelevel. I snatched it away from him, mortified that he had seen it. He raised an eyebrow, lowering his head so he could whisper, "Secret admirer?" I bit down on my bottom lip, tempted to say no. But why should I have said no? It wasn't as if I had anything to feel guilty for? Except I knew why I wanted to say no. If I had told Nott that 'yes I have a secret admirer' then whatever miniscule chance I had with him would be gone. Only then, I would feel guilty towards my admirer who was stealing more and more of my affection away from the reserved Slytherin. I settled for, "Why do you care?" "Did I say that I did?" He leaned away from me, putting more distance between us but I could see that his eyes hadn't returned to Slughorn. They were focused curiously on the dove held gently between my fingers.