The wizarding world was doing its best to make amends after Voldemort was finally killed. Even two years on, Britain was still struggling to return to its former glory but we needed to move on. And how did the quidditch loving masses decide to accomplish this? The Department of Magical Games and Sports had teamed up with the Department of International Magical Cooperation to organise a friendly international tournament. Whilst the quidditch fanatics in the country flocked to watch the game, the ministry workers only became more high-strung as the workload increased. As an employee of the Department of Magical Games and Sports, the amount of work I had to do had increased drastically over the last few months and it finally cumulated to this last month leading to the tournament. Countries from around the world were sending their quidditch teams to take part in the tournament but sent them ahead in order to practice on the tournament pitch. Quite how organising all of this was my business, I didn't know. I also had no clue when it became my duty to welcome the quidditch teams as they arrived at the meeting spot. Merlin's beard, I was supposed to be handling the paperwork, organising the accommodation and catering. I wasn't supposed to be fronting this entire thing! Where was my no-good boss when you needed him? "Who else is supposed to be coming?" I asked my co-worker as I looked over the list of teams and organised an escort for the Welsh team who were waiting to be led to their accommodation. Within seconds another one of my co-workers was at my side, leading the team towards their accommodation. "The German team's portkey is scheduled to bring them here within the next ten minutes," Mandy Brocklehurst said as she read something off from her clipboard, "But the Bulgarian team's portkey was brought half an hour forward – they should be getting here soon." "The Bulgarian team," I repeated, feeling my heart fall into my stomach. Mandy looked at me, concern displayed on her face, "Why is there some sort of problem with them arriving early?" I was supposed to be off duty when they arrived, I thought with a frown. Instead of voicing my thoughts, I cleared my head and looked around the empty field. There was no sign of the arriving teams. "We need to organise their escort," I said after a moment's thought. "I'll take a look at the schedule and see who's free to pop over." "This is why you're in charge," Mandy nudged me with her shoulder as there was the distinct pop that followed magical transportation. "I'd have never thought of that." I didn't bother to respond to her. Instead, I walked towards the team's luggage which had been magically transported over first. The players would follow shortly after. Mandy walked alongside me as I came to the luggage, picking up one of the tags only to drop it when I realised it belonged to the Bulgarian team. "You handle the Bulgarian team, Mandy," I ordered, moving to backtrack when the team themselves arrived with the portkey. "You're avoiding the team," she accused as the Bulgarian team and its coaches scanned the field and saw us waiting to greet them. "Why?" "I'm not avoiding them," I insisted with rolled eyes, "Currently I'm trying to figure out why the German team isn't here yet." "You're lying," she declared but said nothing else as the team approached us. With a winning smile, she stepped forward to greet the team as I sent off my patronus to call for the escorts from the centre of the athlete's village. Turning my attention away from my clipboard, I approached the team and took a deep breath to steady myself. When I spoke next, I spoke only to the captain and didn't allow my eyes to wander to the players. "I'm sorry about the delay – you've arrived a little earlier than we planned for. But your escorts shall arrive within minutes." Their coach nodded, turning to the team and speaking to them in Bulgarian. They nodded at their coach's words and they all dispersed themselves in the field, talking quietly to one another. Almost all of them, that is. Viktor Krum had yet to move from his position. And when he did, he didn't move away from me like I hoped he would, instead he walked towards me. I looked down at my clipboard, pretending to be busy and hoping he'd get the hint. He didn't. Instead he waited patiently for me to acknowledge him and it aggravated me. Why couldn't the stubborn man get the hint? With a sigh, I forcefully raised my eyes to his. "Mr Krum." The corner of his lips curved up a little at my attempt of putting distance between us. "Miss Gibson, how have you been?" "Well," I muttered coolly, seeing the way Mandy's eyes were flickering wildly between the pair of us. I was saved from having to indulge him in further conversation when the Bulgarian team's escorts finally arrived. "Excuse me." Walking away from him, I exchanged a few words with the team's coach who gathered his players and led them away. Viktor was hesitant to leave but after a few words with his coach, he eventually sighed and walked away. Mandy took the chance to approach me as I wondered where the German team were. Was there some mix up with the portkey? Or had the German ministry forgotten to inform us of a change in arrival times? "So?" "So, what?" I asked, glancing briefly at the younger girl who was practically bouncing on her feet. "What was that then?" she asked eagerly, "Between you and Krum?" "That," I muttered dryly, "was karma." "Karma?" she frowned, taking a hold of my arm when I turned my attention away from her, "Karma for what?" "I stood him up once," I said plainly, "and now having to deal with him and be so close to him is my bad luck. Hence, karma." More questions began to leave her mouth and I didn't blame her. If I was in her position then I would have eagerly done the same but I had no intention of answering her. Instead I let out a relieved sigh when, after a quick glance at my watch, I realised it was time for my break. "I'm heading off for my break," I declared making her face fall, "Try and find out what's taking the German team so long to arrive and make sure you time the escorts properly. You know what Lynch is like about things being done on time. Could I complain to the ministry once all of this was over? I could swear that some of the things that I was being made to sort out weren't my responsibility. Why was I handling so much stuff? And where the hell had the project manager ran off to when you needed him? Merlin, why the hell was I being made to sort out the training session clashes? There was only one such clash but I had the bad luck of having to deal with the Scottish and Bulgarian teams who had sought out the manager to discuss this problem. He had promptly sent them to my temporary office. That was how I ended up with representative members of the team sat opposite me. They just had to send the most stubborn members from both of the teams, didn't they? Oliver and Viktor shared a look before turning their eyes on me and expecting me to sort the entire mess out. I sighed under the combined weight of their eyes and dropped my head into my hands. I'd attended Hogwarts with the ruddy Scotsman and had only been two years below him so I knew all about his stubborn temper. And well, I had worked abroad in Bulgaria for a year where I got to know Viktor and his persistence certainly was something that I never wanted to go up against again. In this fight between Oliver's stubbornness and Viktor's persistence, I was caught in the crossfire and there was no clear winner. The proof to the statement had been the fact that I'd walked into my office and found them arguing with each other. Letting out a deep breath, I lifted my head and looked to the two men who were watching me impatiently. I looked away from them, rifling through some papers as I searched for the nearest available quidditch pitches that we could use. "Gibson," Oliver called out eventually, "what are you going to do about this?" "This really isn't my responsibility," I whined under my breath before forcing myself to look at him. "Vell?" Viktor demanded. "I'm really sorry that this clash was overlooked," I said in my official ministry worker voice, "but it's too late to reorganise the entire training schedule; especially with the number of teams in the tournament." Both men were not happy but I pressed on, "Maybe we can hire out another pitch for one of the teams to use? The closest one isn't far from here." I trailed off weakly, seeing the raised eyebrow my suggestion got. "That's not good enough?" "What do you think?" Oliver rolled his eyes, leaning back in his seat, "That way one team won't be able to practice on the tournament pitch. Wasn't that the whole reason we all came down so early? To practice on the tournament pitch?" "Experience gives an advantage," Viktor added unhelpfully. I thought quickly, looking through the timetable of the organised practices. Biting my bottom lip I suggested, "Why don't we open the pitch in the evening? After the other practices are over and one of the teams can practice after hours so that way everyone gets to practice on the tournament pitch?" "Night-time flying is the vorst." "He's right," Oliver gestured to the Bulgarian who shared a smile with him. Merlin, I was this close to strangling the pair of them. I settled for burying my head in my hands and trying not to cry in frustration. Why were quidditch players so difficult to deal with! With a deep breath, I began to look through the papers on my desk, trying to find an alternative solution. "Give me a moment," I muttered under my breath as I contemplated penning a howler to my boss. "Ve'll take it." His sudden declaration had me pausing, looking up at him with wide eyes. "The evening practice slots?" I asked hopefully and when he nodded I beamed at him. "Merlin, you have no idea how thankful I am to hear you say that." "Of course ve'll need something to compensate the disadvantage," he murmured lowly, the hint of a smirk at the corner of his lips. Oliver straightened up in his seat to glare at the Bulgarian. "The team will want something, or you will?" He grinned at my suspicion and rose to his feet. I watched as he made his exit from the room, seeming pleased with himself as he left. "Merlin, if I don't get that promotion I am going to quit. " My eyes drifted to the Scotsman who was still seated in my office, giving me a heavy stare. "What is it now, Oliver?" "It's not fair if they get an advantage!" "They won't get an advantage," I assured him as I eyed the still open doorway of my office contemplatively. "He's got a bit of a personal vendetta against me. He'll probably use it to get something out of me." "I'd better go and tell the team I sorted everything out," Oliver muttered as he rose to his feet to leave my office. I watched him walk out before leaving the office myself and making my way towards the Bulgarian team's accommodation. Giving up my pretence of being calm. I hurried towards the cabin and was glad to find Viktor only halfway there. Catching up to him, I