It was an unusually hot June day and, as I walked my dog down the street the sweltering sun was beginning to make me sweat. I made a face at the uncomfortable clammy feeling, almost wishing that we could get our usual mix of rain and cold weather. But then I remembered just how bad the weather could get and I was quick to change my mind. Charlie must have somehow picked up on the drifting of my thoughts as the usually calm Great Dane took off in a sprint, making me struggle to keep up with him. I was supposed to be the one walking him and yet it seemed like he was the one walking me. "Charlie," I protested, pulling on the leash, trying to get him to heel. But it was pointless. "Stop it." The stubborn dog didn't listen to a word I said and continued to chase after whatever it was that had caught his attention. If it was another squirrel – But it wasn't. Charlie stopped finally, picking up a newspaper with his mouth and holding it out to me. I took it from him, reaching out to affectionately rub the top of his head. "Goodness Charlie," I said with a small smile, crouching down beside him and pressing a kiss to the top of his head. "You really are an old man; wanting the newspaper. Speaking of the newspaper –" I trailed off, doubting my eyes. The picture on the front of the paper was moving. Pictures didn't do that, certainly not the ones on newspaper. And for that matter, what kind of newspaper was called the Daily Prophet and why was it printed on yellowing paper. Especially when the date at the top of the paper placed it being published less than a week ago? Charlie, growing impatient, began to nudge me. I hushed him, rubbing a hand over his back as I began to read the article at the front of the paper with furrowed brows. Who and what was a Volde – The paper was ripped from my hand suddenly and I recoiled slightly from the force of the action. Looking up at the boy standing in front of me, I raised an eyebrow. Charlie began to growl threateningly, moving defensively to stand in front of me. Patting him reassuringly, I rose to my feet but still kept Charlie in between me and the boy who was busy glaring at me. "Can I help you?" I asked cautiously. "Has no one told you not to touch things that aren't yours?" he demanded, scrunching the newspaper up and shoving it roughly into his pocket. "I'm sorry I didn't see your name scrawled across the top of the newspaper," I muttered defensively. Eyeing him closely, I demanded, "If it was so important to you then why did you leave it in the middle of the street!" "I didn't. It flew out of the window." He gestured to the car parked outside a house which I assumed was his. The car's boot was still open as people that I assumed were his parents transferred a trunk into their house. Looking back to the stubborn boy, I pointed to the paper that was peeking out of his pocket. "Your newspaper; the pictures are moving. How?" He didn't even try to give me an answer. Instead, he looked away from me and reached up to rub the back of his head. The action had his shirt riding up slightly, just enough for me to catch sight of a stick of sorts which was hidden in his trousers. I eyed the boy more strangely now; although it sort of made sense. It connected some of the things I'd managed to read in the newspaper article and yet – Clumsily pulling his shirt down, he covered the stick up and hid it from my view once again. Meeting his eyes for a moment, I raised my eyebrow. He again said nothing and I wondered why the boy wasn't leaving already. Clearly, he didn't want to be in my presence and yet he was making no move to leave. Taking the chance to get some information, I asked bluntly, "Magic; does it exist?" He glanced over me, eyeing me closely. I didn't even shuffle under his gaze and instead waited patiently for the answer that I was sure he was going to give me. Except, he didn't give me one. Instead he turned on his heels as if to head inside. Charlie moved before I did. At some point, during the conversation I had released my hold on his leash and Charlie took the chance to escape my hold but only enough to cut around the strange boy and stop his retreat. When he tried to cut around Charlie, he growled threateningly and the boy sighed, turning back to face me. "Mind calling your mutt off?" "Mind not calling Charlie a mutt?" I crossed my arms, "If you offend him he might go for you and I can't control him if he decides he doesn't like you. Personally, I don't think he's going to leave until you answer my question." Pinching the bridge of his nose, the boy released a deep sigh. "I can't tell you whether it exists or not." So magic did exist then. "Well, what can you tell me then?" "Seamus!" a woman, that I assumed was his mother, called from the open doorway of her home. "Come inside." "Give me a minute, ma," he called back, keeping his eyes on me. "Look, you have no idea what you're talking about so just leave me alone, alright?" "How am I going to understand if you never tell me?" I exclaimed. "A muggle like you wouldn't understand," he muttered, dodging around Charlie and jogging back to his home. Charlie growled again at Seamus's back before coming to my side. I took a hold of his leash again, kneeling beside him for a minute and pressed another kiss to the tip of his nose. "He's such a funny boy, huh Charlie?" Whenever it was time for his daily walk, Charlie would get more rambunctious, jumping around in a bid to try to convince me to let him out for a bit. And for a dog his size, it certainly was problematic when he decided to start acting up. As I sat on the sofa, flicking through a magazine, Charlie walked to my side and nudged me with his nose. "Alright, alright," I said with a sigh, rising to my feet, "go and get your leash." And he was off, running through the house to get his leash and almost running straight into my dad in his haste. He made his way back to me, leash held in his mouth. Kneeling beside him, I hooked his leash on and prepared to leave. "Why don't we go the park today?" I asked, slipping on a light jacket and stepping out of the house. "It's been a while since we got to play fetch." And so, we walked a few streets down to the park where I released Charlie from his leash. He relished the freedom, running off without even a single glance back at me. I waited, watching as he interacted with the much smaller dogs in the park and as I knew he would, he eventually made his way back to me, jumping onto his hind legs and putting his front legs on my shoulders. He towered over me and I grinned, rubbing his back as he leaned down to lick my face happily. "Shall we play fetch?" I asked when he stood back on both his legs, leaning against me briefly. Reaching into my pocket, I pulled out his favourite ball and threw it a fair distance. Charlie shot off, chasing after the ball and catching it mid-air. He ran back to my side, dropping the ball into my waiting hand. "Be prepared," I warned, "I'm going to throw it as hard as I can this time." Winding up for the shot, I threw the ball with all my might and watched as it arced through the air. Chasing after it, Charlie suddenly shifted directions. I watched curiously, wondering whether another dog had caught his attention. But it wasn't a dog. Charlie ran right up to someone and jumped on top of them, bringing the person tumbling to the floor with a force that looked painful. I gasped, running towards the pair of them. "Charlie!" I admonished as I drew closer, steps slowing slightly when I realised Charlie was licking the person's face. "What are you doing?" "Would you mind getting him off me?" the person, whose face was hidden from me, asked in a muffled voice. "Seamus?" I questioned, recognising the voice. "Yeah, now get him off me!" He struggled a little under Charlie, "He weighs a lot." "Charlie, heel!" I commanded, making him hop off Seamus and return to my side. Leaning into my side, Charlie went to head towards Seamus again when I clipped his leash on him. We both knew that if he wanted to, Charlie could pull me along with him but he obeyed the silent command. "Sorry about that," I said with an awkward smile, "I guess he was glad to see you again." Seamus rose to his feet, brushing the grass off his jacket. "He's got a funny way of showing it." "I take it you're not a dog person." I reached out to brush a finger over Charlie's ear. "I haven't been around dogs in a while," he explained, shuffling on his feet, "Dogs aren't the usual type of animals that I'm around." "You're more often around magical animals, right?" I guessed, watching him tense at my words. It was obvious that he wasn't supposed to tell me and he hadn't told me but his every action pointed towards it. Goodness, he was making it so very obvious. "Look, I already told you that muggles aren't allowed to know," he snapped at me suddenly. "Muggle," I repeated with a frown. "You've called me that before. What does that mean? Someone without magic?" He nodded and Charlie grew antsy at my side from being unable to run around. Turning away from Seamus, I reached down to undo his leash and told him to go and fetch the ball that he'd previously ignored. He ran off and I looked back to the boy standing across from me. "What happens to you if you tell me about magic?" "I'll be stripped of my magic," he answered shortly as Charlie ran back with the ball. Dropping it in front of me, he waited for me to pick it up and throw it again. I waited until Charlie had gone to fetch the ball and asked hesitantly, "If you can't tell me about magic, can I ask you about Hogwarts and the war?" Surprise crossed his features, "How did you know about –" "Your magical newspaper," I explained, "I managed to read some of the first article before you snatched it away from me. It was about a war and the return of some Lord V –" He reached forward to cover my mouth, stepping closer to me. My eyes widened at the sudden proximity and I swallowed nervously when I saw the fire burning in his eyes. Keeping his eyes on mine, he ordered firmly, "Do not utter that name. Ever. Do you understand?" Nodding slowly, I reached out to remove the hand covering my mouth and licked my lips. "This war – are you planning on fighting in it?" "I need to," he murmured, looking away from me as Charlie made his way towards us with the ball. He dropped the ball between Seamus and me. Leaning down to pick up the ball, Seamus tossed it in the air and caught it again. Charlie waited, watching the ball anxiously but Seamus didn't seem to notice as he continued to throw it in the