Why was it that each of my Christmas holidays seemed to end this way? I was always shipped off to the Burrow so that the Weasleys could drop me off at the platform. My parents wiped their hands of their responsibilities and could instead focus on their work. Not that I was complaining because I liked the Weasleys. But one thing that I'd learned after spending almost 7 years in the same year as Fred and George, it was that they saw me as a perfect target for them to test their latest inventions on. They were lucky that I had yet to hex them because of it. Only it seemed like I, for once, wasn't the unlucky one. Stepping out of the fireplace, my eyes were instantly drawn to the boy sat at the table. Ron barely looked up to greet me as he stuffed a chocolate into his mouth. "It's good to see you too," I teased, placing my bags on the floor and magicking them back to their normal size. He looked up with a sheepish smile. Bringing his eyes to mine, his smile slackened a little and his eyes grew glazed. "Ron?" I called out, instantly at his side, "What's the matter?" "Tell me you didn't eat any of them," George called out from where he and Fred had appeared in the doorway. They hurried over to their younger brother, looking into the box of chocolates that were open in front of him. "Godric," Fred swore under his breath, looking between the chocolates and his youngest brother. "What's wrong?" I questioned, eyes drifting to the seemingly harmless box of chocolates. "I only had one," Ron protested. His eyes had yet to move from my face and I threw an anxious glance at George who stepped towards the box of chocolates to inspect them closely. "Merlin Forge," he muttered, holding out the box towards Fred. "You'll never believe which one he ate." Fred took a single glance into the box and swore under his breath. My eyebrows furrowed as I looked between the pair of them, wondering why they weren't explaining anything to me. If this was something serious then what was the point of hiding it between the pair of them. Surely three heads were better than two? "How are you feeling?" Fred asked as he turned back to face Ron, looking him over with anxious eyes. But it seemed like Ron had no intention of listening to him. Rising to his feet, Ron walked around his brothers and came to a stop beside me. Eyeing him cautiously, I waited to see what he was going to do. Standing this close to him I could see that the glazed look had slowly left him and that was a good thing, right? "Do you need some help with your bags?" he questioned, silencing the twins whose eyes had turned to settle on me. Their gaze felt heavy and I shifted a little on my feet before looking back to Ron. "There's no need to do that," I protested, but he wasn't listening. "Really Ron." "Don't be stupid, let me help you." With that, he was off. Taking my bags in his hands he made his way towards the stairs and I watched him leave with cautious eyes. Only once he was at the top of the stairs and out of earshot did I turn to the twin. Crossing my arms and raising an eyebrow, I demanded, "Explain. Now." They both shared a look before bringing their eyes back to mine. Realising that I wasn't budging they sighed. "This is one of our products," Fred explained, "it's still in the test phase and we haven't really found time to test it yet." "And yet you left it around for anyone to get to!" I exclaimed, throwing my arms open, "It's a ruddy box of chocolates – of course someone's going to eat from it." Fred rubbed the back of his neck, looking abashed, "We were only gone for 10 minutes." "That's not important now," I sighed, "What does it do?" George winced a little and I narrowed my eyes, "What does it do, George?" "A lot of things," he explained hesitantly. "Each one has been laced with a different experimental potion." "Merlin," I swore, turning my eyes back to the box of chocolates. Who knew that chocolate could cause such a big issue? "So, which one did he eat?" Again, they hesitated. Godric, they were seventh years! Why couldn't they just talk about this before I went to their mother? Was that really what it was going to take? "I'm going to tell Molly!" The moment the words had left my lips, Fred's hands had shot out to stop me. "You can't do that." He sighed, sharing a look with George who nodded silently. Biting his lower lip, Fred admitted, "The one he ate was laced with a love potion and well, since you were the first girl he saw –" He trailed off meaningfully and I felt my mouth drop open. Godric, being friends with the twins was more trouble than they were worth. "Why the hell would you make something like that?" I demanded, pulling away from Fred's arms. Running a distressed hand through my hair I whined, "Do you even know what you've done? I'm going to have a 15-year-old chasing after me until this thing wears off." "I turn 16 in March!" Ron called out, clearly offended from the top of the stairs. Making his way back down the stairs, he approached our small group and forced himself in between Fred and I. Narrowing my eyes warningly, I hissed at the two older boys, "It better wear off quickly or your little joke shop in the seventh-floor bathroom is going to get it." Looking between the three silent Weasley brothers, I sighed and shook my head. Heading to the stairs, I intended to walk to Ginny's room and complain to the only other girl in the house. I couldn't very well go to Mrs Weasley but I could talk to Ginny. Hearing a scuffle, I paused at the top of the stairs and turned back to see Ron being easily restrained by his twin brothers after he had clearly attempted to follow after me. "Don't worry Ford," George assured me with a smile as they both struggled to keep Ron still, "We've got him handled." I had taken to avoiding Ron. And maybe it wasn't fair to him that upon seeing him walking towards me, I turned to walk the other way. But it also wasn't fair to him that he had been forced to feel a certain way about me just because he'd eaten a love potion laced chocolate. Godric the boy wasn't even acting like himself. I'd never known Ron as one to chase after girls the way he was currently doing. Right now he should have been doing the same thing as the rest of us – avoiding Umbridge and attending secret DA meetings. Of course, he attended the meetings but he kept using them as a chance to get close to me and I had resorted to stationing his brothers on either side of me as a guard dogs. This was all their fault so they'd have to help me out. The twins were also concerned because of the amount of time that I had taken to spending in the library. They didn't know that I was currently researching how to reverse the effects of the love potion but I'd tell them if I found anything worthwhile. It only made things harder that the love potion they'd added to the chocolate wasn't a normal one, it was one that had been modified by the twins. I'd done all this research and it had yet to show me any results. Growing tired of the stuffy library atmosphere, I checked out some books to look over tonight and left the library. I'd crash in the common room for a while before heading up to the dorm to continue my research. My dormmates were complaining that I'd started to isolate myself the moment I'd returned to school after the Christmas holiday but what else could I do? Once this issue was solved then I could return to my social life. Angie was the only one to know the truth about what had happened over the holiday and she had practically pissed herself laughing. It was safe to say that she wasn't particularly helpful. As I stepped out of the library my guard had been down and that was the reason that I hadn't seen Ron approaching me. I hadn't realised he'd arrived until he was suddenly walking beside me. His sudden presence startled me, even more so when he reached over to take my stack of books from my hand. "I can take them," I protested, moving to take the books back from him. He held the pile out of my reach, "They're not heavy." "Which is why I can carry them," I insisted only to sigh when he shook his head. We walked in silence for a while before he remarked casually, "You've been going to the library a lot." "I know, it doesn't suit me, does it?" He chuckled quietly, shaking his head slightly, "It's not that. I was just worried about you because you've started to spend so long in there." "You were worried about me?" My surprise carried across to Ron who rolled his eyes. "Of course I was." Nudging me with his shoulder, he looked away from me as colour rose up his neck, "I care about you." Swallowing uncomfortably, I forced myself to say, "You've always been like a good younger brother to me." My words rendered him speechless, making his steps slow. Taking in a breath, he admitted quietly, "I've never wanted to be seen as your younger brother." I tried to cut in, "Ron –" He shook his head, intent on saying whatever it was that he wanted to say, "I've certainly never seen you as my sister either." Ron went silent as if he expected me to say something. But what was I supposed to say to that? This was the most ridiculous situation! Looking to him cautiously, I searched for something, anything to say that would get us off this topic. It seemed that he grew tired of my silence and decided to fill it for me. "You know, when I was younger I used to have the most ridiculous crush on you while I was growing up and since then –" "Look we're here!" I declared obnoxiously as reached the Fat Lady who stared down at us expectantly. "Ford," Ron called out cautiously but I ignored him. "Lemon drops," I called out impatiently, tapping my foot as I waited for the portrait to swing open. The Fat Lady hesitated for a moment, looking between Ron and me. With a sigh, she swung open and we both entered the common room. As the portrait swung shut behind us, I took my books back from Ron who had grown very silent. My eyes searched the common room and settled on the twins who, upon hearing the portrait open had looked up and when they'd seen me and their brother they hadn't looked away. "Thanks for carrying these for me," I muttered under my breath before approaching the sofa where the twins were sat. As I stood before them, the twins looked between Ron and me. George looked back to me and raised an eyebrow. "I don't care what you do," I hissed quietly, "But you better sort this out!" Lying in bed with my back propped up by pillows, I looked across my empty dorm with a sigh. Everyone was down in Hogsmeade and I had wanted to go too but I was in too much pain to move. Adjusting the hot water bottle against my stomach, I groaned at the stab of pain