FIRST YEAR As I stepped onto platform 9 and ¾ for the first time, the excitement was palpable. Although, the excitement wasn't mine. No, it was my dad's. He was far too excited for me to enter Hogwarts for the first time. Over the summer he had spoken nonstop about how life-changing the castle was. I wasn't quite sure whether to believe him or not. Dad had, once upon a time, been a professor at the school. He had retired after a few years of teaching because the job required him to be away from home for so long. We had stepped through the wall first and I wanted to head off to explore. But I had to wait for the family who followed shortly after ours. The Potter family stepped through the wall, walking towards our side. Mr Potter was an elderly man who had been my dad's mentor. He had even told my dad that of all his students, my dad had been his favourite. The men had kept close contact through the years and I whilst I adored the Potters, I didn't adore their son. According to mum, I had met James Potter for the first time when I was only days old. He had been born only a month or so before me, and since then, the boy had been a reoccurring nuisance in my life. I hadn't managed to shake him off my tail as we grew up. The only chance I had of doing that now, was for the pair of us to get sorted into different houses. "Now James," I heard Mr Potter address his son. My parents looked over my things for the last time, making sure that I hadn't forgotten anything. "You remember what I've asked you to do, right?" Mum approached me, hugging me close to her and she spoke words that I couldn't pay attention to. Instead, I watched from over mum's shoulder as the youngest Potter glanced in my direction. "You said to make sure that I look after Ward," he answered back, grinning when he saw the annoyed look I threw his way. "Don't worry Dad, I won't let her out of my sight." He said the last part more to annoy me, than to reassure his dad. I pulled away from mum, making sure that James saw the glare I aimed at him. The train whistle blew and we hurried off into the train. "If you hurry now you'll be able to find a carriage," mum said as she helped me onto the train. Before I could walk back into the train, I turned to hug her. "I love you, mum." "Love you too, sweetheart," she said with a grin. "I can't believe you're off to Hogwarts already." "Don't worry Mrs Ward," James said from behind me, "I'll look after her." Mum smiled gratefully before we walked into the train to look for some empty carriages. James hung back as if to help me with my bags and I swatted his hand away. "Look after me, my foot," I muttered, brushing past him without a second glance. "Who's going to look after you ?" "You are, Ward," he said with a grin, finding an empty carriage and entering it. I had planned on walking straight past him to find my own carriage but he was having none of that. James reached out to pull my trunk away from me. Despite my resistance, James had made me walk into the carriage. "I promised to look after you," he reminded me. "Oh please," I scoffed, sitting down by the window. At least I knew when it was time to give up fighting. "You never listen to your parents unless you know that listening to them will somehow annoy me." He didn't bother to deny my words – he couldn't. Instead he smiled mischievously at me as he settled down next to me. Throwing him a disgruntled look, I shifted away from as train pulled slowly out of the station. I peered out of the window, waving goodbye to my parents and James did the same. He reached around me to see his parents one more time. I settled back into my seat as the train picked up speed. "Apparently we'll be on this train for hours and I don't know how long I'll be able to handle with you." "You're speaking as if you can't stand the sight of me," he said with rolled eyes as he rose to his feet to rummage through his bag. He pulled out a brown paper bag full of sweets his dad had handed him when his mum hadn't been looking. "Gee," I said dryly, "I wonder what gave you that idea." He scoffed, looking through the bag to find a peppermint candy quill which he held out to me. "Take it." "What have you done to it?" I asked suspiciously. "Nothing." He met my mistrusting eyes and gave me an honest smile. "Sweet things help you feel less homesick, Ward. Isn't that why you bring a these with you whenever you spend the night at mine?" Muttering my thanks under my breath, I tried to act like I wasn't touched by his thoughtfulness. He saw right through it, running a hand through his head as he settled next to me. I struggled to unwrap the quill and James sighed, snagging it from me. He opened it with ease when there was a knocking on the carriage door. I peered around James to see the dark-haired boy standing in the doorway. "Can I sit here?" he asked, peering down the train and looking back to us quickly, waiting impatiently for an answer. "Who are you?" James asked rudely, handing the quill back to me. "Sirius Black," 'Sirius' answered as if he didn't hear how rude James was being. James glared at the boy after hearing his name and I scoffed. Sure, his family were at odds with the Blacks but what had 'Sirius' done to him? I swatted James forcefully on the chest and he winced, looking back at me to demand and explanation. "Stop it," I hissed back. Peering around James, I ushered the boy into the carriage, "Make yourself at home." "Thanks," Sirius grinned as he walked into the carriage, lugging his trunk after him. "The prefects are patrolling the carriage. They're looking for the person that launched a dung bomb into their carriage while they were in a meeting. I don't think they saw me but you can never be too careful." James was outright grinning by the time Sirius had finished talking to him. "Blimey mate, it's good to meet you." I groaned into my head; this was the beginning of a horrendous friendship. SECOND YEAR I welcomed the weekend with open arms. Weekends meant lie ins and complete freedom with next to no lessons. Of course, with Lily Evans as a dormmate and friend, the weekends were also a time to complete homework. But once we finished our homework Lily would relax and we could spend the rest of our time goofing off. Today was no different. When I finally woke up and made myself get out of bed I noticed that I was one of the last to wake up. All my dormmates apart from Alice who was still sleeping, were busy getting ready for the day. "I thought you'd never wake up," Marlene teased as she approached my bed, braiding her hair. "Godric knows you sleep like the dead." "Hurry and get changed," Dorcas called from her own bed where she was looking through her earrings, trying to decide which pair to wear today. "The last one ready has to wake Alice up." The words were enough to have me shooting out of bed. If I was a heavy sleeper then Alice was even worse. It took ages to wake the stubborn girl up. And when you did manage to wake her, she would always be in the foulest mood towards whoever woke her. Rising from my bed, I wore my slippers before approaching my trunk. Kneeling beside it, I opened it only to let out an ear-piercing screech that was loud enough to wake Alice up. She sat up, rubbing at her eyes and looking around the dorm for the source of the sound as I scrambled away from the still open trunk. Marlene ran to my side, asking what was wrong but all I could do was point towards my open trunk. I watched in horror as a toad the size of a small rabbit jumped out of it. Marlene recoiled as the toad hopped towards us. Lily, ever rational headed, approached the trunk and grimaced when she realised it was full of extra-large toads. Alice slid off her bed to see what all the fuss was about. She scowled as she peered into my trunk where the gross creatures were crawling all over each other. They slowly began to make their way out of my drunk, hopping around the dorm. Marlene and I shared an incredulous look; how were the three of them – Lily, Alice and Dorcas – not creeped out? The three girls spoke between themselves before Lily cast a charm to remove the roads. That had been the intention. Instead, the toads doubled in size, multiplying rapidly. The trunk was soon overflowing and the toads were set free. And just like that, the five of us were hightailing our way out of the dorm. "Who would do something like this?" Dorcas asked as we forcefully shut the dorm door behind us and ran down the stairs, into the common room. I knew exactly who the culprit was and they were waiting in the common room when we arrived. The four 'marauders' – Godric it was a stupid name – were sat in the common room, pretending to be busy talking. In fact they were waiting eagerly to see the fallout of their latest prank. "What's the problem McKinnon?" Sirius asked from where he sat perched on the arm on the sofa. Marlene glared at him, putting two and two together. "You girls look a little green," James called out from beside him and I narrowed my eyes. That was it. I was going to make him regret doing something so horrible. Merlin, the boy knew that I hated toads and had done since we were five and he tried to give me one as a present. I needed to retaliate but – If I pranked him back then I would only start a never-ending war. No, the only way to teach James Potter a lesson was to make him feel truly bad about it. And if there was one thing I'd learnt after being around the nuisance for so long, it was that tears – mine, specifically – were his weakness. I glanced around. Lily and Marlene were currently stood before that marauders as they told them off for doing something so 'entirely pubescent'. "Dorcas," I whispered quietly, nudging the girl stood by my side. She looked curiously at me, "Pinch me. Hard." Her eyes widened, "What the hell? No." "Come on," I cajoled and she rolled her eyes before reaching out to pinch me. It worked like I hoped it would. My eyes began to water at the pain as I rubbed the abused area. "Thanks," I whispered quietly as I stepped towards Marlene, coming out from behind her. The action caught Remus' attention who nudged Peter. The smallest marauder looked to me in concern. "Ward," Peter began cautiously, "are you crying?" The words were enough to gain James's attention. He brushed past his friends, coming to a stop in front of me so he could see for himself. I looked away from him, internally wondering when he became so easy to handle. "Remus," I called out to the quiet boy, "what's the counter spell?" He hesitated, not sure if he should answer me and looked back to