I had long become used it; falling asleep only to wake up seconds later in another time. It was an unsolved mystery as to why I found myself transported across time in my dreams. After it had first happened, I had ransacked the entire school library and the library we had at home to try and find out what was going on with me. My efforts had been fruitless but I had come to enjoy the time I had away from my own time. The time I spent in the 40s was a time where I got to escape the dark world that was waiting for me in the 90s. Merlin, at least while I was here I could avoid the hopelessness that had taken over our entire family. In my dreams, I could escape the oncoming war, just for a little while. I 'woke up' as I always did in the exact place I had fallen asleep; in my bed in the Slytherin dorm. Salazar, I was grateful that somehow, whenever it was night-time in my own world, it was daytime here. I couldn't imagine how the fourth year Slytherin girls would react to finding a strange girl in their dorm. Rising to my feet, I charmed my uniform to blend in with the uniform of the time and made my way down to the common room. Now where would he be – And there he was, sitting on the sofa as if he was waiting for me. Perhaps he was? He had been the first person I met when this happened for the first time and he had been waiting for me the next time. So was it so out of the question to assume that he was waiting for me still? I always showed up around a similar time each day, so maybe he had figured out what time to begin waiting for me? Salazar, I could still remember the first time I had entered this dream world – Tom's reality. I had taken one glance at the clock and assumed that I had overslept. Shit, I thought as I ran out of the dorm. It wouldn't matter that Professor Snape was my head of house, if I turned up late to his lesson. Scrambling for my wand, I rushed down the stairs and into the common room only to come face to face with an unfamiliar boy who was walking in from the hallway. I apologised briefly for bumping into him, planning on walking around him when he caught my arm to stop me. "What?" I demanded, looking back at him. Did he not realise that I was late? "Is that anyway to talk to a prefect?" He arched an eyebrow, frowning down at me. My eyebrows rose in surprise. He wasn't a prefect. I knew every prefect in the house and he certainly wasn't one. And yet, there was the badge, pinned to his robes. What the hell was going on here? For that matter – I had never seen him in the common room or around the castle. "Prefect?" I mumbled; had one of the prefects managed to lose their badge? "Yes; the sixth-year prefect." "You're lying," I insisted, because he had to be. The current sixth year male prefect was my brother and while he was currently doing some stupid stuff, he certainly hadn't lost his badge. Definitely not to some strange boy who, admittedly, looked like he belonged in one of those fashion magazines Astoria liked to read so much. "I don't like taking points from my house," he warned, "but your continued disrespect is only going to lead to that outcome, Miss –" "Malfoy," I supplied. The corner of his lips tightened into an angry scowl and before I knew it, his wand was aimed at my jugular. I took in a stuttering breath, eyes wide. "What do you think you're doing?" "Abraxas has no sister," the boy said quietly, dangerously, "So there is no point in trying to lie about your identity. There hasn't been a Malfoy female born in –" "In over a hundred years," I finished for him, reaching into my robes slowly so as not to draw attention to the action. My hand curled around my wand and I took a deep breath as I felt my magic flowing through my fingers. My spine straightened instinctively as I was filled with more assurance, bringing my wand out of my pocket and holding it to my side. "I know – I'm the first in a long time. My brother – Draco he's the sixth-year prefect." "Lies," he hissed, staring into my eyes and I stiffened, feeling like he was peering into my soul. "Abraxas is the only Malfoy in the school." "Abraxas." The name was enough to send my stomach swooping. Surely, I wasn't – there was no way – "What year is it?" "1944," he answered after a short pause, bringing his wand back to his side and stepping away from me. His features evened out and I could breathe more evenly. "Put away your wand little Malfoy. I have no plans of harming Abraxas' granddaughter." My breath caught in my throat; how had he figured it out. The answer was startling, "Legilimency." A small smile curved at his lips, so slight that it might not have been there at all, "Well, aren't you bright." My first meeting with Tom hadn't been the best and truthfully, the second hadn't been much better as I expected to find myself under his wand again. But he didn't raise his wand at me. He hadn't, not since the first dream. Maybe it was because he was friends with my grandfather? But he had treated me with nothing but – well, I couldn't call it kindness because it wasn't. He certainly wasn't trying to hex more anymore, and he didn't treat me as apathetically as he did to other members of his house. "Little witch," Tom called out to me from where he was sat on the sofa, gesturing me towards him. I couldn't help the frown I gave the nickname. He had started by calling me little Malfoy and when I expressed my dislike of it, he had switched to little witch. My aversion to the name was obvious but he made no effort to change it. Instead, he chuckled as he always did at my reaction. Crossing the common room, I settled down next to him, keeping some space between us. He crossed the gap, like he always did, by reaching out to take my hand and bringing it to his lips. Snatching my hand back from him, I watched him grin and not the fake one that I had seen him give the girls who hovered around him. This was a real one. "What did you do today?" he asked curiously, glancing down at my painted fingernails. Apparently, here in the 40s female students weren't allowed to wear such glamour charms and it fascinated him to no end. I had deliberately charmed my nails with a cute cartoon snake which would travel between them. He had done a doubletake the first time he saw them. I told him about my day – making sure not to leave out a single detail because he was such a nosey bastard – and by the time I reached the end of it, he was right by my side. His thigh pressed against mine as I yawned, trying to stay awake. He frowned and muttered, "You're going to awaken soon, aren't you?" I nodded, feeling my eyes grow heavy as I leaned against him, using him as a pillow. Before sleep enveloped me, I heard him sigh and complain that I wasn't here for long. And I was never here for long. Did it take long to travel between the times? I'd have to research further into that – I woke within seconds, feeling as though I'd gotten a full night's sleep. Although that might have been because I did sleep for the entire night. But why was it that I slept for almost 8 hours each night and yet I spent so little time with Tom? The next time I fell asleep, I found myself back in Tom's world. But it seemed like I was here earlier than I had ever been before as I distantly heard the sound of movement within the dorm. Grabbing my wand quickly in my hand, I cast an invisibility charm over myself and cautiously made my way off the bed which – from my assumptions – had no owner as there were only four girls in the year, rather than the usual five. As I moved slowly around the room, I saw the Slytherin girl who was busy fixing her tie and bit my bottom lip; how was I supposed to get out of here without getting her attention? I watched her, silently praying that she'd leave the room so I could hurry out behind her. It wasn't like I could just open the door and leave without her freaking out about the door opening on its own. My chance came seconds later when she turned away to search for something and I hurried to the door. In a matter of seconds, I had it opened and was on the other side, shutting it carefully behind me. Pausing at the top of the stairs, I made a face when I saw the number of students still in the common room. Maybe this was the reason why I spent so little time with Tom? So that I didn't happen to run into other unsuspecting students? I slowly walked down into the common room and dodged around the students who were heading straight towards me. My eyes scanned the common room as I walked and I frowned when there was no sign of Tom. Gradually the students began to leave the common room when two sixth years appeared at the top of the stairs. It was Tom with – my grandfather who looked just like Draco. Maybe that was because of how small the pureblood genepool had become? How did the Malfoy genes carry across so well through two different generations? Salazar, how was I supposed to get to Tom? I watched as the two made their way into the common room, conversing about something that I couldn't hear. They headed towards the exit when Tom paused suddenly, his back going rigid and his eyes doing a quick sweep of the common room. "Go without me," he ordered my grandfather who was watching him curiously. "But Tom –" "I'm suddenly not feeling well," Tom declared, cutting him off, "Tell Slughorn that I apologise for having to miss his lesson." I watched as my grandfather nodded before continuing towards the exit. He had wanted to say something else but stopped himself and left Tom alone. Only when the common room was empty did Tom move quickly, approaching the fire place where I was standing. I didn't dare move. "Now who are you?" he wondered, bringing his wand out of his pocket and pointing it towards my invisible form. The counter spell left his lips and just like that the charm had been lifted and I was presented to him. His eyebrows rose in surprise. "You're early. How are you early?" "I don't know," I admitted with a shrug, "I just fall asleep and end up here in random times. But I think I fell asleep earlier today? Maybe that's part of the reason?" "Interesting," Tom murmured to himself before tilting his head as he regarded me curiously, "And you haven't managed to find anything out about this?" I shook my head, "There's nothing in the Hogwarts library or in our family's library." "Well we can think about that another time." He turned and walked away from me. I remained where I was, watching as he walked through the common room and towards the stairs leading to the boy's