FIRST YEAR The Hogwarts Express pulled out from the station just as I found a carriage to sit in. It was almost empty, a single girl sitting in the carriage. At the sound of the door opening she gestured silently for me to come in and take a seat. Sitting down across from her I introduced myself and she did the same, saying that her name was 'Hermione''. We both started to talk when the sound of the carriage door opening made is pause. Glancing at the door I watched as a small boy stood in the doorway, his cheeks coloured a bright red as if he had been running. He huffed slightly under his breath. "Has anyone seen Trevor?" He asked without introducing himself. "Who's Trevor?" Hermione asked as she looked the boy over once. "My pet toad." "Right," she said slowly, "And you are?" "Neville, Neville Longbottom," he said quietly, his eyes flickering apprehensively around the carriage. He was clearly on edge about finding Trevor. "Would you like some help Neville?" I asked moving to my feet as Hermione did the same. "Three sets of eyes are bound to be better than a single set of eyes." "Oh, yes. Yes please." He moved away from the doorway to let the two of us out on the carriage and into the passageway. When the three of us were standing in the passage way I looked down both sides of the train; there were a lot of carriages to check. "Maybe we should split up," I suggested quietly, "It'll be quicker that way." "Good idea." The three of us split up and I walked further down the train to stop in front of a carriage. I peered tentatively into the carriage through the glass to see that it was full of people who were definitely not first years. I swallowed nervously. A small part of me had been hoping that I'd find Trevor in a carriage full of other first years and so as a result I wouldn't need to confront anyone who wasn't a new student. Letting out a small breath to steady myself I knocked on the door. Nothing happened for a short moment and I raised my hand to knock on the door again. Before my first made contact with the door it swung open and two identical grinning faces looked down at me. "George," the twin on the left said, looking at his brother, "Look we've got ourselves a little visitor." George, the twin on the right, pushed his brother out of the way to look down at me. Giving me a beaming grin he thrust his hand towards me. Shaking it meekly, I listened to him as he started to speak. "I'm George Weasley, the smarter, better looking, funnier, smoother twin." His brother coughed obnoxiously by his side. "And this is Fred, the dimmer, physically deformed –" "You do realise that you're identical, don't you?" I cut in. Fred started to grin at my words. "You knocked on the door for a reason didn't you, love?" Fred asked and I nodded. "What was it you wanted?" "Oh right," I peered round the twins and into the carriage that was still full of people. "Have you seen a toad around here somewhere?" "Apart from Fred ? Nope, I'm sorry love." George shook his head, "I haven't seen a toad around here." "Well thanks anyway." I went to try a different instead when something bumped into me from behind. "I'm so sorry!" Someone said from behind me making me turn around. Neville was standing behind me, clearly nervous because he had bumped into me. I smiled slightly to reassure him. "It's fine Neville, don't worry about it. Trevor's not in this carriage." He nodded, looking slightly flustered because of the continuous absence of his pet and walked off again. Neville knocked on the door of a carriage further down the train. I turned to follow Neville when a hand clutched at the back of my jumper to stop me. Glancing over my shoulder, I raised both eyebrows at George as he held me captive. He removed his hand and lowered it back to his side when I turned to face him and his brother once again. "Before you move to follow after your little boyfriend, which house do you think is the best in Hogwarts?" I looked between the two twins who weren't wearing their school uniform yet, so there was no knowing what house they were in. Instead I gave them the answer that I thought was the right answer to the question. "Gryffindor." The twins grinned at me, telling me that I had answered correctly. "I knew I saw a lot of potential in you." SECOND YEAR Second year brought with it an unknown threat to muggleborns, something that the twins never failed to remind me of. I spent my time equally between my friends, the twins and helping Hermione to research whatever this threat was. It only made sense that I helped her; I mean as a muggleborn I certainly felt safer if I took a proactive approach to dealing with something that could come after me rather than taking a passive approach. Maybe that was the Gryffindor courage in me. Part of me wanted to spend less time with the twins because this whole situation had seemed to make them shift into righteous protector mode and they seemed to think that I needed protecting every waking moment which meant that I wasn't even allowed to leave the common room in order to get to the library on my own. Godric's ghost I was only going to meet Hermione in the library! What could possibly happen me during the five minute walk? "I'll be fine," I insisted as I tried to lose the twin shadows that had dropped into step beside me from the moment that I had left the common room. "You're muggleborn," they chimed, perfectly in time. They pulled me to stand between them, Fred standing in front of me and George standing behind me. This way nothing could attack me from in front of me or from behind me. I only rolled my eyes in response. "Don't pull that face," Fred said, not even needing to look back to see my face. "We have to protect you no matter what you say." I groaned aloud at his words and tried to walk around Fred in order to avoid this ridiculous formation that I found myself trapped in. But they only sped up and trapped me once again. "Fred, George, please !" I gave an annoyed sigh, "I just want to go to the library and I know you won't go in there with me." "How do you know?" George demanded from behind me, "Of course we'll go in there with you." I let out a sigh. Where did the twin's hatred for the school librarian go? What ever happened to never ever setting foot in the most 'stuffy , fun sucking, horrible room in the entire world' ? Looking around the corridor I searched for someone to save me. As if to answer my silent prayer Neville rushed around the corner. He headed straight towards us and came to stop, bracing his hands on his knees as he fought to catch his breath. Once he had gained his breath he looked up at us, still crouched over. "Have any of you seen Trevor?" "Neville I could kiss you," I muttered under my breath as I stepped away from the twins. "We'll all help you look for him." "Thank you-" Turning back to the twins I gestured in the direction that led to the library, "I'll look this way. It'll be better if we all look in different places." Before either of the twins could attempt to protest I rushed down the corridor. I glanced back over my shoulder in order to make sure that they weren't following after me. Thankfully they weren't. Merlin, I was hardly going to confront the heir of Slytherin, I was only going to the library. I turned back to face the front as I tried to navigate my way towards the library. I had only just turned around when I stepped into a puddle of water. Glancing down at the puddle I frowned slightly, where had it come from? The water started to ripple and I froze when the reflection shown by the puddle changed. Through the surface of my water my eyes met the yellow ones of the beast. Slowly consciousness came back to me as if I was waking up from a long sleep. Opening my eyes slowly, I blinked a few times to adjust to the lighting of the room. Glancing around, I couldn't help but frown when I realised that I was in the hospital wing. Why – The yellow eyes, they must have belonged to Slytherin's monster. Turning my head to the side I saw that Hermione occupied the bed next to me. Meeting my eyes, she gave me a grin. Madame Pomfrey made her way round the hospital wing, assessing each of the students. When she had assessed Hermione and me, she gave us the all clear. The moment she had said the words, we had hopped out of the bed and made our way out of the hospital wing and to the great hall. Before I could blink, the twins had left their seats only to sandwich the two of us between themselves. They hugged us tightly and I gasped slightly for breath. Letting go of us, they gave me a firm look. "It's decided –," Fred began only for George to finish "– You are never leaving our side ever again." When the twins had settled back into their seats we both hugged Harry. After Ron and Hermione's awkward handshake I pulled Ron into a hug. Once we had given all of our greetings I settled down between Ron and Neville. Neville cleared his throat slightly and I turned to look at him. "Did you need something Neville?" He blinked a few times before speaking quietly, "I – I just wanted to apologise. It was my fault that you were petrified. If I hadn't have lost Trevor, you wouldn't have offered to help and –" I put my hand on top of the one that Neville was resting on the table and squeezed it once. My eyes widened slightly in shock at the colour that assaulted his cheeks due to the gesture. "It's not your fault Neville, so don't bother blaming yourself." I gave him a smile. "Did you find Trevor in the end?" He nodded, "I did." "Good." FOURTH YEAR When the announcement about the Yule Ball had been made, I had been excited. We had all been excited. It was an excuse to dress up and spend the night enjoying ourselves. The idea of the Yule Ball had been fun but the practicalities of it had drained the fun out of the entire thing. Firstly there was the dress, or rather the dress robes. Being a muggleborn, I had no idea where I was supposed to get dress robes from. Thankfully Hermione and I had found ourselves in the same boat and had coordinated with our mums and settled for a day where the four of us would go to buy our dress robes. Then there was the matter of getting a date. Originally I hadn't given the thought of getting a date much importance. If I got a date then that was good. If I hadn't gotten a date, then well, I would still have fun with my friends. But some very public words from Lavender which labelled any girl who was unable to get a date as undesirable had somehow managed to make all of the girls panic and try to find a date. Finally someone had decided that it would be best for all of the pupils to receive dance training so that