The moment we, Oliver and I, had set foot on the train he turned to look at me with a slightly pleading look. "What?" I asked as I followed him down the train. "Don't cause any trouble this time," he said firmly, "Please. Let's just get to Hogwarts and you can cause whatever trouble you want and I won't butt in." "Please," I scoffed with a roll of my eyes, "You've got too much of an older brother complex to not get involved my business." He didn't even try to deny it. We continued further into the train and Oliver ducked into a carriage that contained his friends. I continued further down the train, not having seen any of my friends so far. Two identical red haired boys exited the carriage in front of me and walked away with their backs towards me. I tried to fight against the impulse that was stirring inside me, I really did. My attempt was almost successful, I had almost passed the carriage before turning around and heading into the empty carriage. Reaching into my pocket I curled my hand around the small vial I was hiding; I knew buying this had been a smart decision. Once I was finished I exited the carriage quickly, looking around to see if the coast was clear, before I hurried to find my friends. Spotting the carriage they were in, I walked in with a mischievous grin on my face. Putting my trunk away, I sat across from Angelina who was watching me suspiciously. Whenever I had this expression on my face she instantly became wary. "Alright," Angelina finally said with a slightly resigned smile. "What have you done now?" Alicia answered the question before I could, entering the carriage to sit beside me. "Knowing her she's probably planning how to prank Fred before he pranks her. Don't you remember the outrage she felt last year when he got her first? We didn't stop hearing about it until the Christmas holidays and even then she always mentioned it in her letters." "There's no need to plan something that's already been done Ali." Seeing the look she was giving me, I gave her a small smile, "What? It's not like I can let him beat me this year too." "What did you do?" She asked, wanting to disapprove but her curiosity got the better of her. I lowered my voice slightly just in case he had somehow managed to hear me. "Let's just say that he should find a nasty surprise in a few minutes." Angie rose to her feet and shut the carriage door. Leaning her back against it, she looked at me with a raised eyebrow. "What alibi do you need us to supply you with?" Merlin, I had the best friends. "That I found the two of you in the train station and we all walked onto the train together," I said with a shrug, "And that I never left your side since boarding the train." They agreed easily and settled back down into their seats as the train pulled out of the station. The conversation flowed easily and as we walked, my eyes kept flickering to the door. It all depended on when Fred decided to get changed into his school uniform. I bounced slightly in my seat, barely able to contain my excitement. When Fred didn't run into the carriage for almost an hour I felt my excitement die down slightly; I guess I'd have to wait longer. Giving all of my attention to Angie and Ali, I jumped when the carriage door was opened with a slam. My eyes widened at the sound – it was time. There was a furious exclamation, "What the hell did you do?!" Looking into the open doorway I saw an incredibly angry Fred Weasley standing in the doorway. My eyes scanned over him from head to toe, taking in his uniform that had been successfully changed into a Slytherin uniform. My mouth twitched into a smile which I quickly hid. What was a nastier surprise for a Gryffindor then having to parade around as a Slytherin? "I have no idea what you're talking about," I denied innocently, looking away from Fred and down to my hands. I couldn't keep a straight face for long so instead I made sure to not look at him. "What the hell did you do, Wood!" He repeated, stepping towards me. His one move had me on edge, making me rise from my seat. Ali and Angie rose carefully from their seat, ready to intervene if we looked like one of us was going to kill the other. "You had better tell me Wood, or I swear –" "Careful Freddie ," I warned, retreating slightly until Angie was standing in front of me, acting as a barrier between Fred and I. No matter how angry he was at me, Fred wouldn't drag Ali and Angie into our feud. "We wouldn't want my brother to hear you threatening me, now would we? We both know what Oliver's like." He glared at me, silently promising retaliation. "This isn't over, Wood." "It never is, Weasley." He met my eyes one more time and I smirked, my eyes not leaving his. He broke eye contact first as he turned on his heels to walk out of the carriage. I let the giggles that I forced myself to suppress out; Fred looked surprisingly good in Slytherin green. "How is he supposed to change the robes back?" Ali asked as she shut the carriage door and we all returned to our seats. "Relax," I said dismissively, "It'll wear off before we even reach Hogwarts." Fred hadn't retaliated yet. It had been well over two months since the school year had started, since I had pulled the prank on him and he had not retaliated. In face there was no sign that he would. It just put me more on edge. Normally Fred would retaliate within the same week, if not the same day and this long period of time with no prank from him just made me think that he was planning something bug. Ali claimed that Fred must have matured over the summer but I sincerely doubted it. I mean, this was Fred Weasley that we were talking about. The three of them; Fred, George and Lee were up to something. I was sat in the common room, my eyes warily on the twins as they sat in the corner with Lee. I was supposed to be concentrating on Defence against the Dark Arts but I couldn't. Letting out a small sigh I angled my body away from them slightly so that I couldn't see the three boys and set my DADA textbook in my lap. When I opened the textbook, a small cloud of white powder erupted from between the pages. I squeezed my eyes shut as the white powder sprayed up into my face, coming into contact with my skin. I flinched as the powder took effect. It burned. There was laughter from somewhere in the common room, laughter that I easily recognised. Instantly I knew who was at fault. I rose quickly to my feet, wiping my eyes with my robe before opening my now sore eyes. The intensity of the burning sensation grew to the point where I was running out of the common room and to the nearest girl's toilets. Once I was in the toilets I washed the powder off of my hands before splashing my face with water repeatedly. The burning continued even after the powder was all gone. Running the cold water, I tried to cool my flaming face. It worked marginally and I looked at my face in the mirror. I gasped; it looked like I'd gotten badly sunburnt all over my face. "What's the matter?" Fred's voiced asked tentatively making me turn to see him hovering awkwardly by the door. "This is the girl's toilets Fred." I gave him a look; eyes narrowed at him as he walked towards me. "What are you even doing in here?" "You rushed so quickly out of the common room that I came to check on you," he explained, his voice trailing off when he saw the state of my face. He reached out tentatively towards me, trailing a hand softly across my cheek. I flinched at the pain the gentle touch caused. "The powder wasn't supposed to hurt you." "I guess that I'm allergic to something in the powder, that's all," I said, hating the guilt in his voice. I felt the need to reassure him; this pranking thing was supposed to be fun and light hearted, guilt didn't belong in it. "Honestly Fred, I'm fine so stop worrying." He let out a quiet sigh and reached into his pocket to pull out a tablet. Holding it out for me to take he explained, "This should help with the reaction." "Thanks." Taking the tablet from him I swallowed it dry and glanced at my reflection. My face was slowly returning to normal. I met Fred's eyes through the mirror as he stood nervously behind me. When I turned back to face him, I raised an eyebrow at his unusual behaviour. "Maybe this is a sign," he suggested after a short silence. "A sign saying what exactly?" I crossed my arms over my chest. "I think we need a truce Wood. Maybe we should stop this before one of us gets properly hurt." He extended a hand towards me and I glanced up at him suspiciously. His earnest eyes held mine. "Alright," I agreed reaching out to shake his hand. "Let's call a truce." Fred, because of our truce, had seemed to decide that if he wasn't going to prank me then I would be the perfect person to act like an idea board. I knew all about the shop the twins one day hoped to open and Fred would suggest ideas to me of potential products to see what I thought about them. I was sitting at the Gryffindor table for lunch when he slid in opposite me. Looking down at the parchment in front of me, I was too busy checking Snape's essay to give him more than a parting greeting. I had Snape first thing after lunch and everyone knew that Snape was harder on Gryffindors than on any other house. "What do you think about the canary creams?" He asked, getting straight to the point. "I think they've got a lot of potential if you develop them properly." I tidied my essay away and looked at Fred contemplatively, "But if I had to be honest I prefer the ton tongue toffees, they sound really unique." "Really?" He grinned and I nodded. "If you can get them right then I'll be impressed; it'll take some superior magic to get them working." "Hey babe." I scrunched my nose in distaste when a pair of arms snuck around my shoulder. Bradley, the Slytherin sitting next to me, was a good guy. Over the past few weeks he had grown on me but I wasn't necessarily pleased to have been called his girlfriend. To be honest when he had asked me to go out with him, I hadn't wanted to say yes. But I had been surrounded by his friends and by my friends who were all pushing me to say yes. And whilst I wasn't proud to admit it, I succumbed to peer pressure. "New boyfriend?" Fred asked as I shrugged the arm off from my shoulder, his voice tight. "Yeah." "How long have the two of you been going out?" He turned his eyes sharply to Bradley who was too busy talking to another Slytherin who had walked up behind him. "We haven't been together that long," I said thoughtfully, "I think it's been a few weeks or so." "It's been a month babe," Bradley cut in, having finished talking to his friend. Turning to face the boy