I was signing off when I received the news, and it felt like the ground had suddenly caved under my feet. Steading myself I glanced around my office for my portable healer's kit. Picking it up I apparated quickly to Shell Cottage, feeling the wards give way to me instantly. The feel of being allowed into the cottage instantly brought back the horrible memory of when I had been caught in the middle of a fight between Fleur and Bill about whether or not I should be allowed so easily into the cottage. Removing the thought from my head when my feet touched the ground, I looked around to see Molly running out towards me, her relief obvious at the sight of me. My eyes moved from Molly to look around the cottage, trying to find any sign of him. "Where is he Molly?" I asked as the older witch clutched to my arm as if she needed the physical support. "He's in his room," She said as she straightened up. Molly didn't wait a second, she led me up the stairs and straight towards his room. Opening the door to his room I walked inside and found him lying down on the bed, asleep. At the sound of the soft call of my name I looked over my shoulder at Molly as she stood in the door of his room, eyes focused on her son. "Fleur left," She whispered quietly, trying not to wake him up. "Phlegm left him?" I asked outraged. "Why?" "She took one look at him, at the scars and left." Walking into the room she set a hand onto my shoulder. We both stood looking down at Bill as he slept. Merlin, the one time I couldn't come along. "He's all alone now." "No he's not. He's still got me." "Good." She turned away from looking at her son to look me in the eyes. Her eyes showed just how worried she was. "He's already lost his fiancée. I don't think that he'll be able to cope if he lost his best friend as well." "I'd never leave him Molly," I promised her but I saw the fear in her eyes. She was scared for Bill and how he'd cope but she had no reason to worry. From the very first time I had set foot in Hogwarts, Bill and I had been attached at the hips and nothing had managed to change that. "I'm not going anywhere." "Good." Letting out a slight sigh, she dug into the pocket of her cardigan and pulled out her hand. Opening her palm up, she showed me Phlegm's engagement ring. "Give it back to him for me." I nodded as I reached over to pick up the ring. Pocketing the ring I watched Molly as she left the room, closing the door quietly behind her. Approaching the bed I placed my healer's kit on the bed, purposefully keeping my eyes off of him for as long as possible. But it was inevitable that I would look at him. My breath caught when I saw the scars on his face. I remembered what the patronus had told me. Werewolf. He'd been attacked by a werewolf. He was still unconscious and I pulled the ring out of the pocket, setting it onto his bedside table. Sitting on the edge of the bed I brushed some of his hair gently off from his forehand, watching it crease in pain as I traced his scars with my fingers. I needed to relieve him of his pain quickly. Opening my healer's kit with a swish of my wand, I set to work by pulling my hair into a messy bun at the top of my head. Rising from the bed, I diluted a cleansing potion to clean his wounds. Dipping a cotton pad into the potion I cleaned his wounds as quickly and as gently as I could to cause him as little pain as possible. Finding the correct paste, I healed the wounds completely in order to speed up the scarring, and eventual healing process. Gathering all of my things I picked out a small pain potion and set it onto his desk for him to take when he woke up. Closing the healer's kit I picked it up and turned to leave the room so that he could continue to sleep in peace. I was at the door when I heard him groan in pain. Pausing at the sound I looked back at him as he sat up on the bed, leaning against the headboard. He looked around the room and tried to give me a weak smile when he saw me, the motion pulled at his wounds. He winced and I walked back to his side, snagging the pain potion from the bedside. His eyes followed my movement and froze, eyes settling onto the discarded ring. I remained silent, knowing that he wouldn't need or want my words. Uncorking the potion I held it out for him to take. Taking the potion from me, he tipped his head back and downed the entire thing. When he handed me the bottle back I noticed that the wrinkles from his eyes had smoothed out when the pain had disappeared. He met my eyes and I swallowed slightly, the pain potion could do nothing about the pain in them. I took the empty vial and threw it in the bin before returning to his side. "She left me." He didn't want a response so I didn't give him one. Instead he reached out to grab my arm to pull me down to sit beside him. He sighed, running a hand through his hair and I patted his thigh gently, unsure of what else to do. "I was attacked by a werewolf. Does that mean that I'm going to transform into one as well?" "No you won't. You won't get any hairier than you are now," I paused eyeing his long hair. "Though I doubt that it's possible for you to get any hairier than you are now." I was rewarded with a small smile. "Now you need to rest for a while and don't even think about going into work tomorrow, alright?" He met my eyes and quirked an eyebrow at me. "Healer's orders?" "Healer's orders." I confirmed, standing up from his bed. Pressing a kiss to his cheek before I turned to leave I shut the door quietly behind me. When I made my way down the stairs I found Molly waiting for me. "How is he?" "He should be alright Molly," I assured her, "It's important that he gives himself time to heal properly and that means not going into work or getting so involved in a case that he skips meals." "So basically he's under my watch then?" I smiled at her, "I knew you were a smart woman." Finishing my shift for the day I apparated out of the hospital but I didn't head home yet. Instead, I apparated into Shell Cottage and made my way into the kitchen. Glancing at the clock mounted on the wall I knew that Bill would currently be in the shower. He was a creature of habit and according to Molly he had gotten into the habit of not eating – simply because he couldn't be bothered to make something. Molly tried to come around to the cottage to cook for Bill but she had many other things to worry about. Looking away from the clock I started to cook, pulling ingredients out of the fridge that I had fully stocked just last night. Shrugging out of my coat I draped it over the back of a chair and tied up my hair. Right, he needed something hearty, something that would help maintain his weight. I started to peel the vegetables, when I heard the shower switch off. Right, I didn't have left. Speeding up, I switched the stove on and continued to cook. Once I had finished cooking, I let out a deep breath; I'd managed to finish in time. Lading some of the soup into a bowl, I made my way to the table and put the bowl on the table. Putting the remaining soup into a container, I left it aside to cool. Bill could reheat the soup whenever he wanted it. Casting a warming charm over the bowl, I picked up my coat and prepared to leave when I heard footsteps padding down the stairs. Bill walked into the kitchen before I could try to apparate out of the cottage. His eyebrows rose at the sight of me. "So you're the one that cooks for me and just evaporates into thin air then?" he asked as he made his way towards me, helping me out of my coat before I could protest. "I already knew it wasn't mum because she'd stick round to baby me more and I had an inkling that it might have been you." "I left work a little late today," I explained, watching him move around the kitchen. He spooned some soup into another bowl and brought it back to the table. He brought two sets of cutlery to the table. "That's why I couldn't leave before you came down today Bill." "No one told you that you needed to leave," he responded, pulling out a chair. He motioned for me to sit down. I tried to refuse but he gave me a look, silencing me before I could say anything. With a sigh, I settled down and let him push the chair in. "I just thought you'd need some space," I explained as he walked around the table to sit across from me. "And why would I need some space? Especially from you?" I stared at him, unable to answer his question. Bill, not seeing the way I was looking at him, started to eat and I watched him curiously. I wasn't sure how to progress. He glanced up curiously and raised an eyebrow at me. "Are you not hungry?" "Oh, no I am," I said quietly before I started to eat. "You know," Bill started slowly, "I wouldn't mind having my best friend around more often. It's like you've gone out of your way to avoid me. Mum says that you pop round once a day to check up on me but you disappear before I can see you." "I just wanted to give you space," I repeated gently. "Well don't do that." He looked up with a cheeky grin, "Smother me in your company if that's what you really want." "Are you on your break?" I looked up at the sound of the familiar voice and smiled when I saw Bill standing in the doorway of my office. "I was actually just going to head out for lunch." "Can I join you?" He leaned against the doorframe. "Even if I said no you'd still tag along with me anyway." Pushing away from the desk I frowned up at Bill. "Didn't I tell you to stay in bed? How did you managed to get past your mother's line of security anyway?" Rising to my feet, I walked over to my coat and shrugged into it, looking at him for an answer. He shrugged, "Mum was fairly lenient about letting me out when she heard that it was you that I was coming to see." I narrowed my eyes at him. "I thought I told you not to strain yourself. Rolling his eyes, he wrapped his arm around my waist to prepare for apparition. "Taking my best friend out for lunch is hardly straining myself, now is it?" "Yeah, yeah. Whatever you say Weasley." I closed my eyes as he apparated us away and I wondered whether I would ever get used to the sensation. Looking up at the sign of the restaurant that we had appeared in front of, I allowed Bill to lead me into the building and then to a booth