Theseus Scamander, once you stripped him of his commanding persona and set aside his feats from the war, you uncovered a big old warrywort. Especially when it came to me. He had the most horrendous habit of hovering around me and he had done since we had been introduced. One of our parents must have remarked that because he was 5 years older than me, he was to look after me. He had taken that too much to heart. "Thee," I protested as I moved around the kitchen, cooking as I went. Picking up the vegetables I set aside on the counter top, I proceeded to wash them. "You're hovering again." He didn't respond, shrugging slightly. Crossing his arms over his chest, he leaned against the kitchen counter and watched me closely. Helga, no matter how accustomed I was to the weight of his concerned eyes, it didn't make it any less infuriating. "You're still pining after Newt," he teased from his position, making me pause momentarily in my motions. Glancing over my shoulder, I rolled my eyes for him to see and before turning to continue my cooking. He moved out of my way as I went to pass him. He followed after me. "Honestly," I muttered, "Thee, you're useless in the kitchen and you're being more of a hassle then you are a help." He didn't bother to respond to my words and instead continued to tease me; I wasn't very surprised. "Then again, when you were younger you always said your dream was to become Mrs Scamander." Peering into the cooking pot, I stirred in some corn-starch to thicken the soup when I felt him creep beside me. I felt his shoulder brush against mine, making me look curiously towards him. My smile dipped slightly when I saw the serious look in his eyes. Helga, not again. "Theseus," I protested quietly, trailing off when he turned away from me to looking into the bubbling pot. "Of course," he remarked, words no more than a mumble which could have been easily lost, "I did offer." I couldn't respond to him, what response was I meant to give a man who I knew was in love with me? Standing before me was a man who claimed he'd lay his life down in place of my own and I knew he actually meant it. And yet, it wasn't enough. Of course, he knew my thoughts and looked to me with a sad smile. "But everyone knows that you've only ever had eyes for one Scamander." It was my turn to look away. Pushing away from him, I made my way towards the sink and cast a quick glance to the clock. He'd arrive any minute now. Turning the sink on, I began to wash the dirty equipment when I heard Theseus clear his throat from behind me. "You know you need to marry," he said gently from behind me, his words tentative. "We've been over this countless times." "Drop it Theseus," I said quietly, not willing to fight him. There was no more fight left in me. Letting out a steadying breath, I gripped the counter for a moment before continuing to wash up. "Please – not now." "You can't keep this up for long," he warned with obvious concern. Theseus had always had too big of a heart in his chest. That was precisely the reason that I didn't tell him that I could feel myself beginning to grow lightheaded. Without showing an outward reaction, I breathed steadily until it faded. I'd grown a lot better at hiding things. "We'll cross that hurdle when we come to it." I could practically feel him narrow his eyes at me from his spot by the stove. But before he had the opportunity to say another word, the doorbell rang. Turning the tap off, I looked to Theseus. "Will you get that? It's probably Newt." He nodded reluctantly, heading to the front door. The moment he had left the kitchen, I crossed the room to rifle through the potions cabinet. Finding the potion the healer had prescribed, I poured out a single dosage and tipped it down my throat. My head cleared and I vaguely listened to the two Scamander brothers as they caught up in my dining room. I heard Newt ask where I was as I shut the cabinet. Walking into the dining room with a smile, my eyes instantly went to the wizard settled across from Theseus. "Did you miss me?" I teased, coming to a stop behind Thee's chair. Newt grew red under my eyes and I grinned, leaning against the back of the chair. "I'm only teasing." "How have you been?" Newt asked after clearing his throat, "I haven't seen you in a while." "I've been better," I admitted truthfully and before he could think further on my statement, I hurried on, "Besides, whose fault is it that we haven't seen each other? You're the one that's been traversing the globe, looking for magical creatures." "I tried to get back in time for your graduation –" "Don't worry about that," I reassured him. "Now, why don't you go and freshen up? I'll bring the food to the table." As Newt went to do just that, my mind instantly went to his parents who had both been called away on business and, as result, were unable to greet their youngest son upon his return home. I had offered to do it instead since mother and father were both called away from home too. Of course Theseus, overprotective as he was, took time off work to make sure nothing happened to me whilst I was alone. When Newt returned to the dining table, I listened quietly as the two brothers spoke to each other. I blushed prettily when Newt complimented my cooking and swiftly dodged the topic when he asked me why I was picking at my food. I had long since lost my appetite. Theseus threw me a concerned look and I turned my attention to the younger Scamander brother who cast a glance between his brother and me. During the lead up to Newt's return he had pestered me about my finally telling Newt but I wasn't sure if I was ready for that yet. I just knew that the way he looked at me would change. And that would kill me before this curse would. Mother and father once again, had business with the Scamanders and had been invited to their family home for dinner. Because the older Scamanders were fully in the know, they extended the invitation to me as well. Mrs Scamander had ushered me into the room the moment I appeared through the floo and did nothing short of wrapping me in cotton wool as she settled me into an oversized armchair. Once she was satisfied that I was comfortable, she joined my parents and her husband in the kitchen. It was obvious why we were here. Mr Scamander was a renowned curse-breaker so there was really no doubt in what business they had with him. I glanced to the clock and settled into the armchair, snagging a stray photo album as I prepared to stay seated for a while. I hadn't moved from my spot in over an hour and I sighed upon realising that it was only 7 o'clock. If it was only 7 and I was feeling drained of energy, the – The progression of the curse had seemed to accelerate in the past few months and it was obvious that whatever solution my parents were looking for, they'd need to find it soon. Of course, we knew of one solution but there was no way it would work yet – Dismissing the negative thoughts, I looked down to the page I'd opened the album to and smiled instantly. Only 10 years ago I had been healthy, completely healthy and certainly more lively than I was now. In the picture, taken by Mrs Scamander on Newt's first day at Hogwarts, I was clinging to his coattails, unwilling to let him go. Even when we were growing up, Newt had been a quiet lad and he must've found my energetic presence to be a nuisance but he never said a word. In fact, in the picture he was looking down at me with a fond smile. I could still remember the day so clearly. Even at 9, I knew that the affection I held for Newt was something more, it was different to the way I felt about Theseus. We had wound up having to accompany the Scamanders to drop their sons off to the train because I had thrown a tantrum. I protested that I simply couldn't be expected to survive until Christmas without seeing Newt. His father had ruffled his hair teasingly, his mother had cooed that I was adorable, Theseus had complained that I didn't care about him and my parents, well, they hadn't been impressed by my tantrum. Newt himself had turned an impressive shade of scarlet. The two brothers, after giving us all long drawn out goodbyes, hurried to the train. Thee promised to write to his parents and from over his shoulder, Newt promised he'd write to me often. "How long have you been sitting here?" Startled, I closed the photo album and looked up to see Newt as he stood in the doorway, shrugging out of his long coat. "When did you get here?" I asked, pushing aside the blanket Mrs Scamander had draped over my legs. "Just now." He watched me curiously, raising an eyebrow as he untied his scarf from around his neck. "I've been here long enough to know that they're calling us for dinner. Didn't you hear them?" "I guess I got lost in my thoughts," I muttered, watching as he crossed the room towards the armchair I was sitting in. Newt reached out, offering me his hand. "Well, perhaps we should leave before they send out a search party for you." "Perhaps you're right." I took the offered hand, slowly rising to my feet and letting out a breath when I was overcome by a quick bout of dizziness. Helga, this was so frustrating! It wasn't as if I'd stood too quickly – I'd been careful to avoid doing that since the first time I had found myself collapsing to the floor after standing. My eyes avoided the concerned ones trained on my face and instead, I looked to the clock. This was all happening too soon. "You're so much more withdrawn," he said quietly, eyebrows furrowed as he scanned my face. "It's like the energy's been drained out of you. I miss how you used to be." I started, growing red under his eyes. How could I have forgotten how perceptive he could be? Newt might not have been one to talk, but he was a keen observer of behaviour. And yet, he was the only one not in the know. It was only time until he figured it out for himself. It was inevitable. Clearing my throat, I raised my eyes to his waiting ones and teased him, as I normally would have. "I'm going to take that to mean that you missed me." It was his turn to redden and he tried to let go of my hand. But I didn't let him. Tightening my hand on his, I led him towards the kitchen. He might have believed me to be the same clingy girl that I'd been in my childhood and I'd allow him to continue to think that way. I'd never tell him that holding his hand was the only thing that was stopping the room from spinning. We walked towards the dining room to join our parents and I wasn't surprised to find Theseus busy in conversation with them. The talk stopped when we entered the room and Newt helped me into the seat beside Thee before taking the one on my other