FIRST YEAR – SORTING CEREMONY James Sirius' POV Merlin, I should have listened to Dad's advice. He had told me that the sorting ceremony would take a while but I had underestimated just how long it would take. I was growing bored – quickly at that. Taking a look around at the other first years, I couldn't help but frown when I realised that they weren't growing as restless as I was. "Which house are you hoping to end up in?" The question wasn't asked by me, or even to me, and I had no idea why I suddenly picked up on the conversation of two of the girls standing in front of me. The smaller girl, the person the question had actually been asked to, shrugged her shoulders and said quietly, "I'm not hoping for any house in particular." "But there must be one," the first girl insisted and I looked between the two of them. Didn't they know that the obvious answer to the question was Gryffindor? Merlin, girls claimed to know more than boys did, and yet this girl couldn't answer even the simplest of questions. "Slytherin, maybe," the second girl said offhandedly and I frowned, scrunching my nose up at her answer. Why the hell would she want to end up in the snake pit? Fred, standing beside me, nudged me with his shoulder as if to tell me I was being nosy but I didn't care. "Slytherin?" the first girl echoed with not enough shock, in my opinion. "Both my parents were in Slytherin, you see," the second girl explained, turning to face the first and giving me the slightest of glimpses of her side profile. Her lips curved up into a smile and I found my eyes drawn to the movement – for a possible snake, she sure was pretty. "There's no problem with that, is there?" "Of course not," the other girl whose face I was yet to see assured her, reaching out to squeeze her hand, "My parents always told me that the house rivalry stuff was rubbish and not to buy into any of it. Whether you're a good person or not isn't defined by your house but by your behaviour." "I'm glad you think so," the potential Slytherin squeezed her hand back, "My parents were a bit worried about people judging me by my last name." "Only stupid people judge by last name." I watched the tension ease out of the first girl's shoulders at the words, "Believe me." "Alice Longbottom," at the sound of her name, the first girl approached the hat, but not before giving her friend one last smile. The second girl, now left alone, faced the front and watched Longbottom get sorted. I couldn't help myself, really I couldn't. Before I realised what I was doing, I stepped closer to her and leaned closer to whisper in her ear, "Oi." She jumped slightly at the sudden whisper but didn't turn back to look at me. Instead, she whispered back, "What?" "You really shouldn't want to be in Slytherin," I advised with all the good in my heart. And just like that, the tension was back but she asked calmly, "And why is that?" "Because Slytherins are evil." She turned to face me then – giving me full view of her face and I drew back in mild shock. She really was very pretty. Clearly her throat primly, she brought my attention back to her and I watched the way she assessed me with cool eyes. "Slytherins are evil," she repeated calmly, appearing the picture of boredom. Her eyes flickered up to my hair, taking in the characteristic mess I'd inherited from dad, before looking at my eyes – mum's. She raised an eyebrow, "You're a Potter." It wasn't a question but I puffed my chest out in pride anyway, "Damn right I am – the son of the boy-who-lived." Without another word, she turned back to the front and watched as the sorting progressed. I wanted to tap her on the shoulder to get her attention again but decided against it. I settled for frowning at her back – why wasn't she impressed? Everyone else had been and they had scrambled to become my friend straightaway at even the mention of my surname. I was so lost in my thoughts that I didn't even hear what her name was as she walked up to the front of the hall and sat on the stool. Whatever her name was, it clearly caused a stir as some of the first years began to mutter and whisper at just the sound of her name. My frown deepened as I looked back to the girl who was sitting patiently, talking quietly to the sorting hat placed atop of her hair. After a moment's deliberation, the hat called out, "Slytherin!" The girl, unfazed by the decision, hopped off from the stool and approached the table where she was greeted warmly. I shook my head; she'd been lost to the snakes now. "It was bound to happen really," Fred muttered from beside me, making me turn away from her. "What do you mean?" I gave my cousin a curious look. "Well she's a Malfoy, isn't she?" THIRD YEAR The year had finally come to an end and usually I would have run though the platform to find my parents so we could hurry home and to get a quick start to the summer holiday. But, Albus had just finished his first year and I wanted to wait for him like a good brother. Ok, so maybe my reasons were a bit more selfish than that. Albus had quickly become friends with Scorpius Malfoy who always shared a carriage with his older sister and her friends. Wherever Albus was, Scorpius was sure to be with him and wherever Scorpius was, his sister was bound to be there too. I hung back by one of the exits of the train and sure enough, Albus came walking down the compartment towards the exit where I was standing and beside him was Scorpius. His sister trailed after the pair of them, talking animatedly to Alice who laughed at whatever she had said. "James?" Albus asked curiously when he finally laid eyes on me. "What are you doing?" I pretended not to notice the way that Scorpius' sister's steps slowed at the sound of my name. Her eyes flickered in my direction, losing all warmth from them before she looked back to Alice and the warmth returned. Merlin, the big mouth I had in first year made this all so much harder. "Waiting for you of course," I said throwing an arm over his shoulder which he shrugged out of. "Can't I do that?" "You can," Albus agreed as we all stepped off from the train, "But it's not like you to." "You clearly don't know me well enough." I remarked, without even looking at Albus. Instead I watched her bid goodbye to Alice. "I grew up with you," Albus threw back dryly. As Alice walked away from us, she stood awkwardly at the side looking between her brother and Albus. She wouldn't even look in my direction. "And how was your first year, Scorpius?" I asked, turning my eyes onto her younger brother who was much more perceptive than I was comfortable admitting. He looked between me and his older sister with narrowed eyes and I knew then that progress could only be made if I got him onto my side. "It was fun – eventually," Scorpius answered back, going to say something else when – "Scorpius," she called out to her younger brother, "I can see mum and dad – we should get going." Taking the hint, Scorpius moved to his sister's side, pulling his trunk behind him. Bidding a goodbye to Albus, Scorpius went to leave when she set a hand onto his arm. He paused in his step, looking at his sister curiously but she wasn't looking at him. Peering around me, she smiled gently at Albus. "I hope you enjoyed your first year Albus, we'd love to have you round the Manor again." Even the voice she spoke to Albus in was so different to the one she used when she was speaking to me – which she did so rarely. "I'll ask mum and dad," Albus said with a smile, "And I'll owl Scorpius." "Make sure you do." She linked her arm through Scorpius', "And I hope you've realised that us snakes aren't as bad as some people make us seem." "Of course," I agreed, taking the chance to add in and try and win some of her favour. "After all, Slytherins aren't evil." It had seemed like the right thing to say, right? Well, I was wrong. She raised her eyes to mine and I could see them chill over. "What made you change your mind?" She arched an eyebrow, "All it takes is one Potter wearing green and silver for Slytherin house to not seem evil anymore?" "That's not what I meant," I tried to protest, but she was already bidding goodbye to Albus and walking away with Scorpius by her side. When they were out of earshot, Albus let out the laughter he had been struggling to hide. I frowned, punching him in the arm, before we set off and headed down the platform where the entire extended family was waiting to apparate straight to grandma Weasley's. "It's not funny," I grumbled under my breath, "How was I supposed to know that she was going to hold a grudge for so long?" "Maybe this'll teach you not to insult girls you have a crush on?" Albus suggested, still chuckling despite the dark glare I threw his way. "What's she like anyway?" I asked deciding to try and get some information out of him. One good thing about Albus' friendship with her brother was that Albus spent so much time in her presence and by association, so did I. "She's never going to give you the time of day," he said bluntly and I threw him a glare. "That wasn't what I asked you." "I think she's one of the reasons that Scorpius is as spoiled as he is," Albus admitted, "She gives him everything he wants – and does the same for me whenever I'm at the Manor." "Like what?" "You're so nosy," Albus muttered but complied anyway. "There's this rule in the Manor where no one asks the house-elves to do stuff after 9pm so they can get enough sleep or something. And we wanted a midnight snack and all it took was Scorpius knocking on her door, for her to head into the kitchen to make us a snack. She isn't like some people who would have hit me if I'd asked." "Then you should have been born with an older sister, not an older brother," I remarked, waving at dad as we approached them. He waved back and gestured for us to hurry up. "Sometimes I wish she was my older sister. I'd trade her out for you in a heartbeat James." "You'll just have to settled for having her as your sister-in-law," I patted him on the back, frowning when he snorted. "What?" "Good luck with that." I was going to need it. FOURTH YEAR Another year had come to an end and I hadn't made any progress. I'd even resorted to getting Albus to big me up whenever he was around her and that resulted in her writing a letter for Albus to give me during the Christmas holiday as my Christmas present. The news had excited me, making me think that I'd finally gotten somewhere until I realised that the letter was a howler and she'd said in no uncertain words that she had no interest in me and would never. She'd even compared me to a flobberworm. Me! How she thought that my face could possibly belong to a flobberworm was