Professor Flitwick, as loveable as he was, had quickly become my least favourite teacher. Now that was saying something – especially because I had fallen in love with Charms since my first lesson and from first year onwards he had become my favourite Professor in the school. He even trumped my head of house. But Professor Sprout had no reason to know that. It had taken one decision of his to suddenly make him my least favourite. And that one decision had been the person he'd assigned to be my Charms partner for the term. Now normally I had no issue with Professor Flitwick picking partners for us, but everyone knew that in seventh year, the partner you were given was the person you'd have to carry out your final year project with. And who had I been lumped with? Resident quidditch maniac Oliver Wood. Helga help me, I'd never get the man to focus on the project when quidditch was occupying his mind. But I wasn't going to let him interfere with my grades – I was going to get an outstanding on the final exam and was going on to become a healer. I was going to break away from my surname and was going to become something more than a reflection of my brother and father. With those words as my resolution, I waited until the lesson came to an end. When it did, I packed my things slowly and gestured for my friends to go ahead without me. Once they had left the room, I looked around the room in search of Wood. He was heading out of the classroom, chatting to Percy Weasley as he did so. Hurrying to pack the rest of my things, I quickened my steps, weaving my way through the crowd of students as I chased after him. "Wood," I called out, making the two stop in their steps. Wood looked over his shoulder, eyes falling onto my figure as I stood away from him. Without looking back to Percy, Wood gestured for him to leave without him. Closing the distance between us, he came to a stop a few feet away from me. Looking down at me expectantly, he pushed his bag further up his shoulder, "Is there anything I can help you with, Vosper?" "It's about the project," I explained, frowning a little when he chuckled after I had spoken. Was there something funny in what I had said? "You don't mean that you want to start it now, do you?" He shook his head in disbelief, "Come on lass, take a moment to breath. We can start the project after the Easter holiday and still submit it in time." "It's due in a week after the holiday!" I protested, "You can't rush the project and cram it into a week. We'll never get an O that way." "No-one said that we need to get an O." I narrowed my eyes at him; maybe he didn't need to get an O, but I did. "You're beginning to sound like one of the Ravenclaws. We can still get an A and pass." "I need to get an O," I said firmly, using the no nonsense voice I'd learnt from my dad. His eyebrows rose in surprise; but why shouldn't he be surprised? I was the sort of person that rarely spoke but he was pushing my buttons today. "I need to get an O to be able to join the career path that I want – so don't take that attitude. Not when the work you do will be directly linked to me." "Fine, lass. Calm down." He raised his hands in surrender, the gesture was more patronising than it was calming. "Look," I couldn't help but sigh. "All I'm asking is that we get the project started so we can get the grades we need." "Well we can't start it now," he insisted, "We're at a crucial point in the quidditch season. The Gryffindor team took a battering during the Christmas term." Of course; quidditch. "Well maybe you should have trained them better," I threw back. He looked thoroughly offended but I hurried on, before he could say anything else. "Look if it's such a crucial time, then why don't we get it started and get it over with quickly. At least that way you'll have to spend less time worrying about this project too and you can focus more time fuelling your quidditch obsession. Why don't we meet in the library Saturday morning? You can spend the rest of the day doing whatever you want." "You drive a good case Vosper, but I can't – I've got quidditch practice." I was losing my patience with him – he wasn't even trying to be cooperative. But wait – was this because of what I'd said to him at the start of the year? If I found out that it was, then I was going to give him a verbal lashing. But I had no way of knowing if it was so I dismissed the thought. "All I'm asking for Wood, is for you to give this project even a fraction of the enthusiasm that you have towards quidditch – just a fraction." "You're asking for the impossible," he said apologetically before he bid me goodbye and headed off in the direction of his common room. I was left staring at his retreating back and only when I knew that he was out of earshot did I let out a groan. Merlin, if he messed with my grade then I was going to kill him – there's a reason that you're not supposed to mess with a badger. But what was I supposed to do now? God I hated quidditch players. The answer to scheduling our meeting/research session appeared to be found through bothering Wood. It didn't take much – I just had to write a letter to him every day to ask when he would be available to work on our project. But, I had to admit that I thought the thing that had the greatest effect on making him change his mind was the fact that I had gotten the Weasley twins in on it. I had only asked them to bug Wood into working on our project and they had been all for it. My desperation was so extreme that I had even offered to pay them for their services, but they had told me that bugging Wood wasn't a chore for them – it was a pleasure. I didn't know what they had done but whatever it was, it had almost instantaneous effects. The morning after I had asked them for the favour, I had come down to the great hall for breakfast when an owl had dropped a letter off in front of me. It had been from Wood who had suggested some potential times for when we could meet and I had penned a quick reply to the man, lest he decide to change his mind again. We were supposed to meet the next day in front of the library once we had finished our lessons for the day. Or rather that had been the plan. When the next day had arrived, I had found myself waiting outside of the library with no sight of him. The anger simmered under my skin and I was tempted to hunt the arrogant man down and hex him into smithereens but I was a Hufflepuff and that wasn't what we did. Instead I'd just settle for being extra petty towards him. With strengthened resolve, I headed into the library and had started to conduct the research on my own. Overall my research session had proved to be fruitful and that was merely because my frustration towards Wood was fuelling me. Was he really going to make me chase after him? Merlin, I had practically needed to grovel with the man in order to get him to simply arrange a research session and then he had the nerve to not turn up? I shook my head, pushing the thoughts to the back of my mind as I waved my wand over my notes, duplicating them for Wood. Taking his set of notes, I scribbled down the aspects of the project that I needed him to research – because I was not going to be the one to do all of the work. Packing up my things, I made my way towards the Gryffindor common room. The man had some major explaining to do. The reason for him being a no-show presented itself when I arrived at the Gryffindor common room just as the Gryffindor quidditch team made their way into the common room. I let out a sharp sigh; he had to be joking. Pursing my lips, I approached the team who had noticed my figure. Wood, standing at the front of the team, was the first to notice my presence and his eyes widened slightly in surprise. Walking away from the team, he gestured for the others to head into the common room as he approached me. Tapping my foot pointedly, I eyed his approaching figure. He came to a stop in front of me, rubbing a hand across the back of his neck. Avoiding my eyes, he looked down at me apologetically. "I'm sorry, lass," he began to apologise but I wasn't taking any of it. "Here." I thrust the notes into his chest with unnecessary force, "This is your copy of the notes that I made today. Look over it and there's a list of the things you need to research at the end of them. Do your bit and then return the notes to me." "Wait a minute," he called out as I turned to walk away from him. Ignoring him I continued on my way towards my common room; I couldn't deal with him right now. Part of me wanted to demand what reason was so important that he couldn't have even told me that he wasn't going to turn up. But the uniform he was wearing was enough of an answer. He jogged to catch up to me, dropping into step with me. "I'm sorry," he apologised again, walking beside me. "Really lass – I forgot to owl you and reschedule the meeting." "I'm sure you did," I muttered dryly, eyeing him dirtily from the corner of my eye. "I just don't understand why you scheduled a meeting at the same time as your quidditch practice." "I didn't." At my look, he winced as if he knew that what he was going to say was going to annoy me more. "Ravenclaw was supposed to have a practice today but it got cancelled – and well, we've got a game coming up and the pitch was free so I decided to schedule an extra practice. The team needs to train as much as we can." He had assumed correctly; his words had only annoyed me more. "Merlin," I muttered with a shake of my head. "This is why I hate quidditch." He looked personally offended by my words and I sped up slightly to hint that I wanted him to leave me alone. But Wood was either too thick-headed to notice or he simply didn't want to notice and matched my pace. Was he planning on walking back to my common room with me, or something? "There's something I've been meaning to ask you for a while," he started as if to get my attention. "What is it?" "Why didn't you want to go out with me when I asked you?" His sudden question stumped me, making me stop in my step. Wood, surprised by my reaction came to a stop beside me and continued to explain, "It's not that I assumed you'd say yes – it's just that you didn't even let me finish asking you before rejected me." "You asked me at the beginning of year," I said with blatant confusion,