Ernie's POV The yule ball was a massive source of stress for every single male in the castle. Girls were complicated creatures and Merin, was that an understatement. How was I supposed to approach one and ask her to go with me to the yule ball? Especially when the only girl I wanted to ask was the one I'd secretly been crushing on since the start of the year. If she ever knew, she'd probably laugh. Ok, maybe that was a bit of a stretch. So she wouldn't laugh, but I'd probably get that smile she reserved for the first years that she found 'cute' in a younger brother sort of way. And Merlin, I did not want to be seen as a brother. What in Merlin's name was I supposed to do in this situation? How was I supposed to gather enough courage to speak her about something that was more than homework? A hand clapped onto my shoulder with such force that I was pulled from my thoughts. Blinking quickly, I righted myself and looked at the older male who settled down into the seat across from me. Smiling cheekily at me, Cedric settled down into his seat, and gestured between me and the direction that I had been staring in. She had been sitting there. "Would you stop that," I hissed quietly, turning my eyes back to my open textbook in an attempt to hide my reddening cheeks. "I will when you pluck up the courage to ask her to go to the yule ball with you," he responded with a chuckle, kicking my knee gently under the table. "Courage is for the Gryffindors," I reminded him. "Not for us Hufflepuffs." "Don't underestimate the badger." He rolled out a piece of parchment. "The honey badger is one of the most fearless creatures on the Earth. So pluck up the courage Macmillan, before one of the other blokes intervenes." I made a face at him; he made it sound like it was so easy. But then again, for him it probably was. What did Cedric Diggory have to fear when it came to girls? The girls were lining up for even a second of his attention and if he had been any less of a good guy, then he would have played around with his fair share of girls. But he hadn't. "You say that like it's so incredibly simple," I remarked as movement from the corner of my eye made me look away from him momentarily. She had risen from her table, packing her stuff as she spoke to Hannah. Hannah, as if she could feel the weight of my eyes, looked up to give me a sly wink before leading her out of the library. I buried my face into my hands; was Hewitt the only person in the entire house who didn't know about my crush on her. I hated this bloody yule ball – whoever decided to make it a tradition could go and drown in the Black Lake. "Don't be so overdramatic," Cedric admonished and I looked up to see the smile on his face. He was enjoying this. "Trust me this once and pluck up your courage. You never know what might happen." My eyebrows rose at the hidden implication of his words. Surely, he couldn't mean – "What do you know, Diggory?" His smile widened and he leaned back in his seat, crossing his arms over his chest, "Wouldn't you like to know, Macmillan?" Rolling my eyes in frustration, I threw him a foul glare and started to pack my things. Sometimes Cedric could be so incredibly annoying. It was a wonder that he still had any friends. "Shouldn't you have better things to do, being the triwizard champion and all?" I asked instead of rising to his bait. "Merlin, Diggory, you're a right old gossip at the best of times." "It's because it's so much fun," He remarked as I turned to leave the library. It was my intention to leave the annoying man behind but for someone so smart, he couldn't understand a thing. Packing his things, Cedric followed quickly after me. Closing the distance between us in an instance, he dropped into step beside me. "Are you heading back to the common room, then?" he asked when I glanced curiously at him. "Why?" I narrowed my eyes suspiciously up at him, "What if I am?" "It's nothing," he denied with innocence that I knew he did not possess. Instead of saying anything, I decided that I would put off going to the common room for a bit and turned to head in the other direction. Looping an arm over my shoulder, Cedric turned me forcefully and made me continue waking towards the common room. I pitifully attempted to break away from his hold but years of quidditch had served him well and I wasn't going anywhere. "Why are you so desperate to get me to go to the common room anyway?" My exasperation carried across to the older man who raised his eyebrows at me. "Maybe I just don't want to walk alone." He raised an eyebrow teasingly, "I do have a reputation to uphold, you know." "Whatever you say, Diggory, you're lucky that only Hufflepuffs know what you're really like. If anyone outside of Hufflepuff knew, then you'd lose your reputation as the golden boy." He winced playfully, "You wound me." Straightening up to his full height, he removed his arm from my shoulder and looked at me seriously. Without my conscious knowledge, I found myself stopping beside him, "Look Ernie, half of the house have seen you pining one-sidedly for a while now – you're incredibly obvious about it – and we want to help. Merlin, do you realise that I had to cover four of Abbott's patrol shifts just to get her to go along with the plan?" "The plan?" I furrowed my eyebrows, looking up at him with blatant confusion, "What plan?" "The plan to get you to finally ask the love of your life to go on a date with you –" "Hewitt is not the love of my life," I muttered under my breath. "She could be." Cedric pointed out with a raised eyebrow, "That's beside the point, Abbott is waiting with her in the common room as we speak and Hewitt is bound to get suspicious. So, come along." Cedric started to walk again, fully expecting me to follow along after him. And I was tempted to, very tempted – I mean, he was going to get me to go out with Hewitt – but I forced myself to stay where I was. "And what exactly are you getting out of this?" I called out curiously. "Nothing," Cedric insisted, his steps slowing but not coming to a halt. "I'm doing this from the good of my heart." "Ok, but why?" "Because I'm your fairy godmother," he threw over his shoulder with a wide smile. "Now hurry up and follow me. Whilst we're walking, you might as well practice what you're going to say to Hewitt because you'll only get one try at this Ernie." I followed after Cedric, quickening my paces so I could catch up to him. Under normal circumstances I would have teased Cedric for identifying as my fairy godmother rather than as my fairy godfather, but instead I did as he had instructed. Mentally, I prepared what I was going to say all whilst knowing that it was futile. The moment that I came before Hewitt, all of my practiced words would leave my mind and I'd be reduced to a blundering mess. Merlin, I was pathetic. The entrance to the Hufflepuff common room came into view and I felt my palms begin to sweat. Wiping them against the side of my trousers, I took a deep breath to control my rapidly beating heart as we stepped into the common room. My eyes instantly swept across the room, searching her out and finding her in the corner as she sat, talking to her friends. Cedric and I stopped at the entrance of the room and Hannah glanced over at us. Was that the cue? I went to take a step towards the girls when Hannah shook her head discreetly. My heart plummeted into my chest and I looked over at Cedric for some form of instruction. His eyebrows were pulled together as he frowned and gestured for Hannah to approach us. Retreating into a corner of the room, Cedric and I waited for Hannah to reach us. "What's going on?" Cedric demanded when she was near us. "One of the Durmstrang's got to her first," Hannah explained, looking over at me with a sympathetic smile. I looked away from her. "I don't even think she wanted to go with him – but you know what's she's like; she's too kind to say no to him, especially when he asked her in front of all of his friends. She probably didn't want to embarrass him." "It doesn't matter." I shook my head and forced myself to smile at the other two. Really, I should have known better than to get my hopes up. "It's too late now." "It's never too late," Cedric swore firmly, an unsettling look in his eye. He seemed to make his mind up about something before he clapped me on the shoulder and smiled warmly. "Trust your fairy godmother, young badger." Hannah glanced curiously at me, repeating quietly, "Fairy godmother?" I rolled my eyes, "Don't even ask." I had to be dreaming. That was the only explanation for the situation that I found myself in. I was clearly so desperate that my mind had pulled me into an elaborate day dream. Merlin, I needed to get a grip. There must have been something wrong for me to – There was a sharp pain in my side. Snapping out of my thoughts, I glared up at Cedric and rubbed at my side with my hand. There was no need for him to pinch me. He acted as though he had done nothing and continued to look ahead at the two girls who were sitting in front of us. Hewitt sighed into her hands and Hannah gave me a prodding look. I hadn't been dreaming then. Cedric cleared his throat when it became obvious that I was struggling to think of something to say – it was always like this in front of Hewitt. Realising that I was of no use, he spoke first, "So, what happened exactly?" "Her date has food poisoning," Hannah explained, before giving me a look that suggested that I needed to get my shit together before this opportunity slipped between my fingers. "That's so unfortunate," Cedric said quietly and I narrowed my eyes at him. He had done something, I was certain of it and I couldn't thank him enough for it. Whatever he had done, had given me another shot and who was I to question the workings of my fairy godmother? Hewitt, it appeared, was clueless of the obvious plotting and seemed to find nothing strange with the fact that her date, alone, had caught food poisoning. "Tell me about it," Hewitt muttered with a sigh, "I'm going to be the only girl to turn up without a date." "You never know, someone else might ask you," Hannah comforted her and threw me an annoyed look when it became obvious that I had not picked up on what was supposed to be my cue. "I doubt it." Hewitt straightened up in her seat, "Besides, the yule ball is tomorrow; where am I going to find a date in such a small amount of time?" Hannah was absolutely glaring at me as she said, "Don't worry, something will come up. Trust me." "Maybe this is a sign that I shouldn't go to the ball?" She looked at Hannah with a raised eyebrow. "What do you think Han? I could just help