SECOND YEAR The portraits that filled the school were bloody nosey. They liked to interfere with the business of the students and I just happened to become the target of their interest. The portrait, one of the many whose names I couldn't remember, was trying to find out why I had been sneaking around the school last night, long after curfew. I had insisted that I was feeling peckish but the stubborn portrait wouldn't accept that. She had concocted some outrageous plot that I had snuck off to meet my 'forbidden beau with the red and gold tie'. I was left staring at her with barely concealed annoyance. Firstly, I was a second year. And secondly, I had no 'beau' – let alone a Gryffindor one at that. What was it with the portraits and the appeal of a 'forbidden' love affair between a snake and a lion? Salazar, it was enough to turn the stomach. "You really love a good story, don't you?" I asked with a slightly incredulous smile. "Of course I do," the painting of the elderly woman defended, letting out a startled noise of surprise when a flash illuminated the corridor. I turned suddenly, towards the flash to find a first year Gryffindor standing in the corridor, camera held aloft. My lip curled; of course, a Gryffindor. He gave a slightly sheepish smile, lowering the camera and approaching us. "Did you just take a picture of me?" I asked suspiciously, reaching a hand out to forcefully delete the picture. He hurriedly held it away from me and I narrowed my eyes, "So? What do you think you're doing?" "I was just taking a picture," he insisted innocently and I crossed my arms. "And why did you take a picture of me?" Raising an eyebrow, I watched the fair-haired boy shuffle on his feet. "Well?" "I liked your expression," he responded simply, taking me by surprise. "You liked my expression. " He nodded absentmindedly, looking to the camera he held between his hands. I watched as he perked up suddenly, looking between me and the camera. If he asked to take more pictures of me – "Do you want a copy?" he asked excitedly, "I think it turned out pretty well." "Do I want a copy ?" I repeated, wondering why I had been reduced to repeating everything he said. He nodded, looking a bit like a hyperactive puppy. "I can copy one for you if you want. With magic – because I didn't know you could do that before." He was muggleborn, I realised with a start. My eyes drifted over him with a slight frown. Father would kill me if he found out – "Keep the picture," I declared loudly, halting him mid speech. He frowned, looking like he was going to object. "Let me give you some advice –" "Colin. Colin Creevey –" "Let me give you some advice Creevey, don't go around taking pictures of random students." My eyes narrowed in on the tie looped around his neck, "Especially not Slytherins – I can't promise that they would all respond as … amicably as I have." With that, I turned away from the first year without bothering to see the way he responded to my words and continued on my way to the great hall. Heading to the Slytherin table, I settled down on the other side of my brother. Theo frowned as he turned to look at me. "You snuck out after curfew." I let out a sigh, buttering a slice of toast as I cast a glance to my dormmates. "Which of them told you?" "Does it matter?" he demanded quietly, spooning some eggs onto my plate. "Drop the older brother act Theo," I said coldly, narrowing my eyes at him. He certainly liked to act like my brother only when it suited him. "You're minutes older than me. Minutes." "He's only worried about you," Draco defended from across the table, eyes flickering between Theo and me. His eyes settled on mine, a smirk tilting the corner of his lips upwards. "Some of us are worried about you." "Oh, can it Malfoy," I muttered, eyeing him dirtily, "You can stop your prepubescent attempts at flirting. Don't you remember the stinging hex I threw your way when you tried to hold my hand?" The Malfoy heir grumbled under his breath and returned to his breakfast, not seeing the fierce glare Theo had aimed at his head. Honestly, they were all so predictable. Right now, Malfoy felt scorned because he was one of the few members 'on my side' after my most recent argument with my brother. But, I wondered as I took a bite of my toast, would he be on my side when he found out what the argument had been about? Would any of the house? Theo had been in the common room, talking loudly to Zabini as he spoke about wishing that the muggleborns were eradicated by Slytherin's monster. In that second I had seen so much of our father in him that I hadn't hesitated to send a hex his way. That had been the basis of our argument. THIRD YEAR Even with Professor Snape's blatant favouritism, I was barely achieving passing marks in Potions. Theo was having a field day. Potions had always been his best subject but I guess it made sense that he was barely passing my favourite subject. I guess that was fair, in a way. Theo who had been walking beside me towards our next lesson, looked further down the corridor before letting out a sound of annoyance. At my inquisitive look, he gestured with his head to the approaching second year. "Your shadow's back," he explained and I followed his eyes to see Creevey rush towards me after having exited a classroom. "Salazar," I cursed under my breath, "what does he want?" "Whatever it is, I'm not sticking around to find out." Ducking away from me, Theo ignored the calls I gave to him and rushed away from me. Narrowing my eyes at his back, I thought spitefully that he was some older brother. I seriously contemplated running the other way to avoid Creevey who was calling out for me and waving to me. Merlin, even if I did manage to run away he'd probably run after me. Resigning myself to my fate, I slung my bag further up my shoulder and continued walking slowly. He'd follow after me anyway. Creevey dropped into step beside me, and walked beside me as if he had no class to attend. Our silence lasted a few minutes before my patience snapped. "What do you want?" I demanded, stopping in my step to glare at the younger boy. The shorter boy looked up at me with a small smile; why was he always smiling? "Well?" "I wanted to talk to you about something," he explained. "Since when were we friends?" He acted as if I hadn't spoke, "Apparently you came to visit me when I was in the hospital wing?" I narrowed my eyes; when I found out who had told him then I was going to hex them into the hospital wing. Sure, I had visited in the hospital wing because I'd noticed that he hadn't followed me around for a while and when I'd asked if anyone had seen him, Malfoy of all people had told me that he'd been petrified. And out of the goodness of my heart, I had gone to see him only for the 'golden trio' to wander into the hospital wing and see me by my bedside. Within seconds they had decided that I was potentially the 'heir of Slytherin'. I was left wondering the depth of Gryffindor stupidity. Clearing my throat, I focused back on the boy who was watching me patiently. "Don't joke about something like that." Dismissing his words, I continued on my way and noticed briefly that he continued to walk with me. He protested, sounding a little upset that I was dodging the question, "I just wanted to know the reason why." "Look, Creevey –" "Colin –" "I was just curious about why I hadn't seen you following me around for a while." Levelling him a firm look, I hoped to crush whatever blooming romantic feelings he had for me. Merlin, how did Gryffindors manage to hide anything when this kid had his attraction written all over his face? "That's all there is to it." He nodded to himself and I thought myself successful. I was too quick to judge. Moments later, he perked up and asked brightly, "So you missed me then?" "Salazar," I groaned aloud, but Creevey paid no heed to it. "Do you want me to take a picture of you?" he offered suddenly, taking me by surprise. He gestured for me to stand still, rifling through his bag to pull his camera out. "The lighting's hitting you just right." I blocked the camera before he could take a picture, making him frown at me. My eyes scanned the corridor, looking for an escape route which was given to me in the form of Saint Potter. Thanking whichever deity was listening to me, I looked back to the younger boy who was waiting for me to remove my hand so he could take my picture. "No thank you – I really don't need you to take my picture." Pointing behind him, I watched him glance over his shoulder, "Look, Potter's over there. Why don't you go and ask him if he wants a picture?" Creevey seemed appeased by the suggestion and I hurried away from him before he could turn his attention back to me. Salazar, what exactly had I done to deserve this fair haired, camera wielding, smiling shadow? FOURTH YEAR I had yet to find a solution to my shadow. But could I still address the eldest Creevey as a shadow when he had long since stopped lurking behind me? He was more courageous than I was comfortable admitting. He had no problem with walking up to a group of older Slytherins to talk to me. Of course, he had been ridiculed in the beginning for trailing after me like some love-sick puppy but a killer glare had silenced them all but maybe that was more attributable to Theo's threat to hex anyone who picked on me? Creevey was under the false impression that we were friends – we weren't. But that didn't stop the boy from approaching me when I was in the library, busy working on a Transfiguration project. He settled himself in the seat across from me, waiting patiently for me to give him my attention. "What is it, Creevey?" I asked, briefly looking up from the parchment that I'd been writing on. "Did you hear about the yule ball?" he asked quietly, taking me by surprise. The movements of my quill slowed as I recognised how potentially dangerous this topic was. "What about it?" I asked lightly, as if the topic held little to no importance to me. Setting my quill on the table, I looked up to the younger boy who fidgeted a little under my eyes. Surely, he couldn't – "It's fourth year and above." Peeking away from me, he cleared his throat, "But younger students can go if they're asked by an older student." "I already know that," I pointed out coldly, and perhaps a little more cruelly than necessary. But, honestly, hadn't we been over all of this already? I thought I'd nipped this little issue in the bud. "What did you want from me, Creevey? I'm a little busy so I should get going?" I had left my work midsentence but getting away from situation currently appeared to be of more importance than finishing it. Rolling my parchment back up, I hurried to tidy my things. The sight of my packing up seemed to snap the boy out of whatever stupor he had fallen into as he sat up suddenly.