I hated travelling by portkey. People always said that after you've travelled by portkey a few times then you'd get the hang of landing on your feet instead of plummeting to the ground. But that was a lie. At least for me anyway. Even now, after numerous portkey trips, I landed on my back each time with the wind knocked out of me. Today was no exception. Letting out an annoyed sigh I rose to my feet and dusted off my legs. Fixing my backpack I turned to look at the sign. It pointed to a dragon reserve that was a few metres up the road. Walking the rest of the way to the reserve I headed in to look for the reception, feeling the wards around the reserve shift to let me in. Ignoring the looks that I was getting from some of the people that lived on the reserve, I scanned the area for the reception. Seeing the sign for the reception I was hesitant about actually heading in. Here I was, in the middle of a country that I had no previous knowledge of. On the advice of one of my closest friends, Bill, I had accepted the position of a researcher for the ministry to learn about dragons. Chewing on my bottom lip, I headed towards the largest cabin. Opening the door I walked into the reception and introduced myself to the woman behind the desk. Rifling through a stack of paper, she looked up briefly at me. "You're going to be trained under Charlie Weasley, is that correct?" I smothered an eye roll; now I knew why Bill was so adamant that I went on this trip. What was it about this particular brother of Bill's that had him trying to continuously pair me up with him? But much to Bill's annoyance, we hadn't set eyes on each other since we'd left Hogwarts. "That's right." I said after a short pause. The woman nodded and held out a key for me to take. "As per requested by the ministry the two of you will be sharing a cabin." She pursed her lips slightly, "Is that alright?" "It's fine." I pocketed the outstretched key. It really was fine. Right now my main priority was reaching wherever I would be staying to get rid of the backpack I was carrying. "Good," she said with a smile as she came round the desk to stand beside me. "I'll show you the way to the cabin." "Thanks." After a short walk to the cabin I would occupy for the next year, she headed back to her desk. Exploring the cabin I eventually made my way up to the second floor. At the top of the staircase were three doors; one bathroom and two bedrooms that were side by side. Seeing my name on one of the doors I opened the door and paused at the sight of a man sitting on my bed. I furrowed my eyes and glanced back at her door, "I thought this was my room?" "Oh it is," Charlie said from where he was sitting, the mischief obvious in his eyes. I glanced over his carefully; he looked the way he had when he left Hogwarts the year before I did. Only that he'd clearly put on more muscle. "Then can I help you with something?" I asked as I walked into the room and dumped the backpack at the foot of the bed. He sat on the bed, watching me as I removed my shrunken suitcases from the backpack and transformed them back to their original size. Unzipping one of the suitcases I glanced up at Charlie to find him still watching me. I moved around the room, putting my clothes away into the cupboard and placing some of my things out to make it seem more like home. The entire time I was aware of his gaze burning into my back. With a sigh I turned to face him, my hands on my hips. "What do you want Charlie?" "Nothing, I was just enjoying the view." I rolled my eyes, a small scoff slipping past my lips. If Bill thought that I would fall for this crass idiot then he had another thing coming. "Don't try anything Charlie, I'm here on ministry business." A low whistle slipped past Charlie's lips, "You've changed since Hogwarts; are you all work, no play now?" "No, but Bill's already clued me in on what you're like." I crossed my arms, "It'd save us both time if you just stop whatever it is you're thinking of." "And what exactly am I thinking of?" He asked, looking me in the eyes. " Charlie ." "Fine I'll leave," he said holding his hands up in surrender. "But make sure you call me if you need me to keep those pesky dragons away." "I think I'll manage." "Well I'm next door, just in case." He leaned against the door frame, watching me closely. "You know, Romanian winters are really cold. If you ever need to share body heat I'll be more than happy to help you out." "I'm sure you would be," I said walking towards him. "But I think I'll just cast a warming charm instead." "Well the offer's always open, whenever you're ready to accept it." Rolling my eyes, I shoved him out of the room. "Goodnight Charlie." "I like a hands on woman." I slammed the door shut. "It's never going to work so you might as well just give up now." Spending the first night away from home was always difficult. It didn't help that I could hear the dragons moving around outside. Letting out a sigh I turned over and closed my eyes, waiting for sleep to take over. The next morning I woke up and rushed out of bed. I needed to catch Charlie before he left the cabin, to ask if I was allowed to see the dragons first hand today. By the time I was ready and downstairs I found Charlie lacing up his shoes. "Charlie," I called out as I approached him. He looked up at the sound of my voice, "Good morning love, what can I do for you?" "I was wondering when I could see the dragons." He stood to his full height. "You can't." I felt my mouth open in shock, "I can't? What do you mean I can't?" "Exactly that." He made to walk out of the cabin. "Charlie." I caught his arm to halt him. "I don't think you understand – I'm here on ministry business, I need to see the dragons. And as the dragonologist –" "Dragon tamer," he cut in halfway, "It sounds sexier than dragonologist." "Like I was saying – as the dragon tamer that was made responsible for me, I need your permission to go and see the dragons." "And I don't give you permission." " Charlie." I let go of his arm, "I need to do this; I'm here for a year to work and to do that I need to see the dragons." Looking away from me, Charlie walked into one of the other rooms and returned with a big book in his hands. Standing in front of me, he gave me the book. "If you want to see the dragons then get studying. It's protocol." He gestured to the book, "Once you're done you can see the dragons." "Once I've read this book? That's it?" "Of course not. Once you can identify fifty different breeds of dragons then you can go with me." The mammoth task that had been given to me took a lot of time. If I was being honest then I had to admit that I hadn't thought that it would take so long. Charlie had claimed that I needed to be able to identify fifty different breeds as well as their basic characteristics. I had already been here for 2 months and had yet to see a dragon face to face. Last night I was finally able to compete the task and Charlie had reluctantly told me to be ready by 8 am the following morning. Honestly. He had yet to figure out that I knew that the test wasn't protocol, at all. Rather it was made for his reassurance and a small part of me wanted to hex him. If I had confronted him then there would have been no need for me to spend hours a day learning how to differentiate ever possible variation of dragons that were on the reserve. But after some thought I realised that, as he was the expert dragon tamer, then there must have been a reason that Charlie saw the knowledge as essential. This morning I was stood beside Charlie in front of a dragon pen that contained a dragon that was curled around what looked like a nest. It, well she, was obviously a very tame dragon as she glanced over at Charlie and I, noticing our presence, and stood from the nest. Instead of attacking us, she paced slowly around the cage. My eyes moved to the nest that she had been previously hiding; it contained 3 eggs. "Are you pleased that you can finally see the dragons?" Charlie asked as I buried my hands into my pockets at a particularly violent gust of wind. The warming charm protected from most cold. I grinned at Charlie, "Yeah." "Alright," he muttered, reaching out to take a hold of my arm and pulling me alongside him as he walked closer to the dragon pen. "This is a –" "Norwegian Ridgeback." "Smart ass," he muttered, bumping his shoulder against mine. "Anyway, she's called Norberta." I let my eyes drift back to Norberta once I'd recognised the name; Hagrid had told me about her after the battle. "She's the one Hagrid donated?" "The very same." He nodded towards the other Norwegian Ridgeback in the pen. "He's the father of the dragons; Norwegian Ridgeback males get very aggressive around young dragons and eggs. They sometimes end up breaking the eggs by accident so we need to take precautions." "So female ridgebacks don't get so aggressive?" "They can do, that's why I've got the move the eggs today and put them in incubation." I furrowed my eyebrows as Charlie walked towards the locked entrance of the pen. But I'd read that – As Charlie was approaching the pen I called out, "Is this her first set of children? Or have you removed previous offspring from her?" He glanced over his shoulder at me, not understanding the importance of my question, "This is her first set of offspring; we've tried to pair her up a few times but she's fought against every male apart from Raja over there." "Raja?" "He was born into a reserve in India. We're involved in an international breeding programme." Charlie reached for the magical lock on the pen and I saw a sudden shift in Norberta's behaviour. Her wings were raised in a defensive stance as if preparing herself. My eyes widened putting together something I had read a few days ago and what Charlie had told me about her. Raja remained by Norberta's side, taking a clearly offensive stance. "Don't do it Charlie," I warned as I quickly approached him. I knocked the lock out of his hands and stood between him and the pen. He raised both eyebrows at me. "Come on love," he said in a placating matter, "This is the work I have to do so move out of the way." I set my hands on my hips. He should've known that would never work on me. "No Charlie don't ." "I'm a trained dragon tamer, I think I know what I'm doing." Realising that I wasn't planning on moving any time soon, Charlie approached me. Placing two hands on my waist, he picked me up and threw me over his shoulders. His shoulder dug into my stomach, winding me slightly. Slapping my hands