We were running late. That was why I was practically running through the platform and hopping onto the train before it left the station. As soon as I was on the train, its doors started to close and I waved a quick goodbye to my parents through the window before heading to the carriage that we, my friends and I, had claimed when we started Hogwarts. I had barely stepped through the carriage door when I was almost knocked off my feet as Rose threw herself at me. Stumbling from the force of her hug I couldn't help but laugh. "I missed you," She whined as I wrapped my arms around her to return her hug. "I missed you too Rosie." Pulling back from the hug, Rose sat down and waited for me to put my trunk away. When I had stored my trunk, she gave me a prodding look, silently urging me to sit down. Crossing her arms over her chest, Rose raised an eyebrow suggestively. "Spill, now. I want all the details." "Details about what?" I asked innocently, tracing the pattern of the seat beneath me. "The boy you met over summer – the one you wrote to me about." Settling further into my seat, I started the story from the beginning. "He's the son of someone dad knows. I guess it started when we went on holiday to Spain together." "That's so romantic," Rose had gushed quietly, the moment I had finished the story. "Are you going to see him again?" "I'm not sure," I admitted, "But it did seem like our dads are close, so we might." "Oh you should!" She exclaimed, grinning at me. "Besides it sounds like he was completely besotted with you." "As if it's possible for someone to be 'besotted' with that ." An extremely unwelcome voice called from the doorway. I scrunched my nose in disgust, recognising the voice straight away and turned to look at the carriage doorway. Sure enough, Potter was leaning against the carriage door with his eyes fixed onto me. His eyes were challenging me to react but I wouldn't give him the satisfaction. "Potter," I greeted coolly. "Myers." He returned, pushing away from the carriage door to walk in and sit beside Rose. "So what were you talking about before?" "Do you really need to be so nosy?" The question was out before I could stop it. Potter turned his eyes from Rosie to me and there it was, the smug look that I hated seeing. "I didn't realise that I had asked you Myers." He looked back at Rose. "So?" "We were talking about her summer fling." Rose shot me a teasing look and I groaned at her choice of words. "It wasn't a fling, Rosie," I muttered. "A summer fling?" Potter repeated, giving me a look. "Oh please. Myers what did you do to the poor bloke? Slip him a love potion?" I glared at him. "Just because you need a love potion to get someone to like you Potter, doesn't mean that everyone else needs one." Potter went to reply but was cut off by Rosie. "The sexual tension between the two of you is suffocating." I felt my jaw drop at her statement and Potter spluttered from his seat beside her. Sexual tension – between me and Potter? Merlin, she'd finally gone batshit. "I told you reading all the time would somehow harm your brain Rosie," Potter said to his cousin, "I mean just listen to the nonsense you're spouting." "Don't try and deny it." She looked between the two of us, "Seriously the two of you need to either get together already or at least snog." I snorted at her statement and shifted in my seat. "There's something fundamentally wrong with you believing that there's sexual tension between the two of us Rosie." She raised an eyebrow challengingly. "Oh yeah and what's that?" "There's no sexual tension between us." She rolled her eyes and opened her mouth to reply. I continued talking before she could interrupt. "Sexual tension implies that there's an attraction there. In fact, it's not possible for sexual tension to exist without attractive and I don't know about Potter but I certainly don't find him attractive." "Exactly," Potter chimed in, "Neither of us are attracted to the other – I'd never find her attractive in any way, shape or form." I nodded, scanning my eyes over his form. "And I certainly don't have a thing for Gryfindork seekers." "Prissy Ravenclaws aren't exactly my type either." Potter liked to annoy me and that was the understatement of the century. It was as if he was incapable of being civil in my presence and he'd go out of his way to rile me up. And I knew what he was doing but yet I'd still rise to the bait. Even when I tried not to. This was one of those times. Potter was sitting in front of me, clearly trying to rile me up and I'd patiently tried to let it all go. But one look into his eyes and seeing that infuriating look in his eyes and my restraint snapped. "How can you say that?" I demanded suddenly, glaring at the boy across from me. Potter met my gaze head on, his eyes sparkling with mischief. And they all said James was the trouble maker. He leaned closer to me, across the table, "I can say it because it's true." "Take it back," I hissed, one small remark away from grabbing his tie to strangle him with it. "Why should I take it back?" He asked innocently, tilting his head to the side. Right, I thought, time to teach this little – "That is it!" Rose shouted, simultaneously reminding us both of her presence as we jumped apart at her sudden outburst. "I have had enough of the two of you fighting constantly! Albus Severus Potter, she is my best friend, and that means that you shouldn't irritate her constantly by trying to rile her up. Merlin, leave her alone." She turned to look at me. "You know he's my favourite cousin, and whilst he might he an annoying little shit, you shouldn't pick on him so much either. So ease up a bit, please." When we made no move to answer her, Rose pulled her wand out of her pocket. Muttering something under her breath as she waved her wand between Albus and me, and gave us both a smug look. Something cold encased my wrist and I glanced down to see a pair of handcuffs tying Albus and me together. My eyes widened and Potter spoke quickly, his voice rough, "You just handcuffed us together Rosie." "I'm aware," she said, casually pocketing her wand as if she hadn't just physically joined me to the most annoying person in the entire school. "Don't worry, the spell only lasts for two days. I tried to get it to last longer but I couldn't. And don't moan about having to be so close to each other – the charm makes the chain between them stretch to at most 1 metre." "Rose, when I get out of these handcuffs I'm going to kill you," I muttered darkly. "No you won't." She said knowingly, "You'll thank me for opening your eyes. Now come along, we've got Defence next." Potter and I shot identically murderous glares at her back as she went to lead us out of the great hall. It was difficult to try and move with the handcuffs linking us together and the Gryffindor table in the way. "Myers," Potter said in irritation, "Climb over the table and to this side." "No," I said instantly, "You do it." "Myers, this isn't the time to be annoying me. I'm already dreading having to put up with you for the next 48 hours. Don't make it harder than it needs to be." "Listen to me you drama queen, I'm wearing a skirt and I'd rather not flash anyone. You're wearing trousers so it makes sense for you to climb over, you flobberworm." Ignoring the insult, he climbed over the Gryffindor table and stood by my side. We both turned to face Rosie who was waiting for us. We followed her to DADA in an awkward silence, hyper aware of the close presence that we were forced to keep. The closer we came to the classroom the more anxious Potter became at my side. Walking into the classroom I became instantly aware of the eyes that focused onto the two of us and our close proximity. Lowering my head to avoid meeting everyone's eyes, I moved towards my seat only to be stopped by a dead weight. Looking over my shoulder at Potter, I raised an eyebrow. "I'm not going to be surrounded by a bunch of Ravenclaw bookworms." I let out a sharp breath, tugging on our connected arms to try to pull him with me. It didn't work. "And I am not being surrounded by a bunch of arrogant Gryffindors." There was a tense silence where we both glared at each other, neither willing to budge. We both turned to sit in our normal seats and must've reached the 1 metre maximum because we were flung back towards each other by force. I gasped, stumbling in my step, trying to steady myself. My hands moved to Potter's chest and I gripped his shirt between my hands, his hands moving to my waist. Realising the position we were in, I glanced up at him from under my eyelashes and registered the surprise in his eyes. But he hadn't let go of me yet. The air around us was shattered by a single cough. "Mr Potter." We both faced Mr Zabini and saw the smirk on his face. "Could you please let Miss Myers go? Oh, and Miss Myers, it's only fair that you release the hold you have on Mr Potter's shirt as well." Letting go of Potter's shirt instantly, I pushed myself away from him, my cheeks stained red. Merlin, how was I going to live this down? I was so embarrassed that I made no fuss when Potter steered me away from my seat and towards his. The lesson started and we made no move to talk to each other. It had never been so awkward between the two of us and that just set the tone for the rest of the day. But the most awkward time of the day by far was going to be the night and we both knew that. We'd gone out of our way to not bring it up but now we were both stuck with deciding what to do. Potter, having taken it upon himself to make a decision, had forcefully pulled me towards the Gryffindor common room and now we were involved in a stalemate outside the common room. "You're being so stubborn!" He insisted, pulling me towards the Fat Lady. "I'm telling you one last time Potter," I warned, digging my heels into the ground, conscious of the way the Fat Lady glanced between the two of us in exasperation. "This is not going to happen – we'll think of another solution." "Why don't you two just hurry inside to resolve this lover's tiff?" She suggested only you trail off when she noticed the twin glares she was receiving. "Honestly!" I exclaimed looking up at the portrait. "You're supposed to be in charge of guarding the Gryffindor common room, I'm clearly a Ravenclaw, so how can you just let me in?" Potter shot me a glare, "The only other solution is staying awake all night." "And that sounds pretty good to me." "Well it doesn't sound good to me." Without giving me a chance to say anything Potter ducked down to sweep an arm around my legs and used his free arm to hoist me over his shoulder. Potter's shoulder dug painfully into my stomach and I hit his back repeatedly. "Put