Professor Zabini had this knack of knowing exactly when to end the lesson. Today was no exception; he dismissed the class the moment the bell rang to signal the end of the lesson. He returned to his desk, placing the essays we'd submitted into his bag as he prepared to leave the potions lab. But he would wait, like he always did, until every student had left the lab so he could lock it behind him. There was a rumour that he'd taken to doing that because of an attempt someone made of sneaking a love potion into his cauldron during his first year of teaching. I focused on packing away my work as Aliyyah chatted away happily beside me. Her words trailed off mid-sentence, making me look curiously towards her. She watched the approaching Hufflepuff and I did a double take when I saw the blue haired boy walking towards our desk. Coming to a stop before our desk, he grinned at us and Aliyyah and I shared a look, waiting for him to say something. "Do you want to go to Hogsmeade with me?" he questioned, my eyebrows rising at the blunt question. He hadn't even bothered to say hello and how were we supposed to know which one of us he was talking to? It was as if Aliyyah had read my thoughts as she questioned, "Which one of us are you talking to, Lupin?" "To Jones," he said with a bashful smile, rubbing the back of his head. Turning to Aliyyah he added, "Not that someone wouldn't be lucky to go to Hogsmeade with you Shafiq." Aliyyah rolled her eyes, nudging me in the side when it became evident that I wasn't going to say anything. I was still recovering from the shock that he wanted to go to Hogsmeade with me, especially when I'd probably spoken less than 100 words to him during our entire time at Hogwarts. Lupin cleared his throat, looking to me with a hopeful expression. "What about it, Jones? Hogsmeade?" I contemplated for a second, coming past my shock. I would have said yes, had I not looked past him and seen his friends joking from over his shoulder. One of them gestured in our vague direction and I sighed; of course. Rising to my feet, I slung my bag over my shoulder and prepared to leave. "Ha ha," I deadpanned as I walked around him, "Very funny. What was it that your friends said to you? 'I bet you can't get the ice queen to go to Hogsmeade with you?' Was that it?" Brushing past him before he could answer me, I gave Aliyyah a grateful smile when she threw him a foul glare and walked after me. Linking her arm through mine she began to mutter about how Hufflepuffs had become such douchebags and I was grateful that she didn't tell me that I was over reacting. She, out of everyone, knew the real reason that I'd taken to guarding my heart so that it was impenetrable. She knew why I had no issue being called the resident ice queen. I thought that my blunt dismissal of Lupin had ended the matter but clearly I had been wrong. He appeared in front of me within seconds after having run out of the classroom. Arms spread out of either side of him, he blocked the path so I couldn't just brush past him. "What?" I questioned coldly, watching something indecipherable flicker through his eyes. "I really want to go to Hogsmeade with you," he explained earnestly, eyes on mine. Narrowing my eyes, I reasoned that he didn't seem like he was lying. His body language certainly didn't point towards that. Neither did the earnest expression on his face. "You weren't put up to this?" I questioned with a raised eyebrow. He lowered his arms, placing one on the spot above his heart. "I swear." Well. "Why?" "Why?" He chuckled as if he couldn't believe what I'd asked him. "Because you're cute." My eyes widened at the blunt confession and no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't stop the colour from blooming on my cheeks. Clearing my throat, I looked away from him and pointedly ignored the giggle Aliyyah gave at his words. Wasn't she supposed to be the one with the clear head in this situation? "So?" He questioned again, tucking his hands into his pockets as he stared down at me. "Hogsmeade?" I couldn't bring myself to look at him, even as I nodded yes. "Great." I could hear the smile in his voice as he went on to say, "I'll meet you outside the great hall?" "Sure," I said quietly, biting my lip as I watched him closely. "Sounds like a plan." "Sounds like a date," he corrected, eyes twinkling with mischief. I would have sworn that his eyes changed colour to match mine. And I would have blamed it on my eyes had he not currently been sporting turquoise blue hair. The small change rendered me speechless. Linking my arm through Aliyyah's, I hurried away from him and heard him chuckle behind him. I distantly heard him murmur 'cute' and dismissed it, lest I end up blushing even more at his words. As we approached the common room Aliyyah broke her silence and dissolved in giggles and the moment we crossed into the common room she teased me that I had finally managed to get my long-term crush to notice me. She even went on to ask me how I'd managed to do it and honestly, I had no clue. When the day of my date arrived, my dormmates woke me up early to make sure that I didn't oversleep and, in my half-asleep state, they rummaged through my clothes to pick what I'd wear for the day. I was simply too tired to bother arguing against them and wore what I was given before sitting down to let them handle my hair and makeup. Personally, I didn't understand why they wanted to make me over so much. I'd already attended this school with Lupin for six years now – he knew what I looked like. So really, what was the point? But I kept those thoughts to myself and thanked them for their help. When we reached the great hall for breakfast, the girls even offered to accompany the pair of us down to Hogsmeade and I only declined because I thought that it would be too awkward. But personally, I would have liked to have walked with them, just so I wasn't left alone with a boy who I hadn't spoken properly to. What would we even talk about? I changed my mind when we exited the great hall and I found Lupin waiting with his friends. Godric, I wasn't prepared to walk up to them on my own. Reaching out to take Aliyyah's hand, I sent her a look and after a few moments, all the girls were aware of the change of plans. Spotting our small group, Lupin waved us over. "Should we get going?" he asked once we were beside his friends. He made no comment on the group of our friends who were walking with us, "We don't want the carriages to fill up." We made up a large group, taking up an entire carriage by ourselves, as we rode down to Hogsmeade. There wasn't really a moment for us to talk between ourselves and I wondered if that annoyed Lupin. But he didn't say anything so I thought it didn't. When we reached the village, he was quick to gesture our friends away and I watched as his dormmates ribbed his gently about being impatient. I briefly caught Aliyyah's eyes as she was led away by the rest of our friends. She sent me a final encouraging grin and I smiled reassuringly at her. What were the chances that I was going to screw this up majorly. Although, that being said – "So, where do you want to go first?" he asked, pulling me from my thoughts as they grew increasingly dark. "What about Madam Puddifoot's Tea Shop?" The face I made was a purely visceral reaction. I'd had my fair share of memories made in that tea shop, each one more horrible than the last. Merlin, I never wanted to set foot in that shop again. I hesitated, wondering if he suggested the tea shop because he wanted to go there. "Actually –" He chuckled, "Don't worry, I'm not going to force you to go into the tea shop." At my grateful smile he admitted, "I've actually had my fair share of horrendous memories in that shop." "You're not the only one." Biting my lip tentatively, I looked up at the taller boy. He took one look at my expression and gestured for me to speak freely. "Is there somewhere else you'd rather go?" "Spintwitches Sporting Needs?" I suggested hesitantly, watching as his eyebrows flew to his hairline in obvious surprise. "Do you not want to?" "No – no I do," he assured me as we began to walk towards the shop, "It's just – I never thought a girl would choose Spintwitches over Madam Puddifoot's." I shrugged and said nothing as we walked into the shop. I made a beeline towards the quidditch gloves; I was desperately in need of some new ones. Peering down at the display, I picked up a pair of dragon skin gloves before growing aware of the eyes trained on my face. "What?" I asked defensively, looking at him from the corner of my eye. "Your face lights up when you're excited," he noted as if it was a casual observation. I cleared my throat, picking up a different set of gloves to compare with the first. From the corner of my eye I saw Lupin grin at my embarrassment as he leaned against the counter, watching me with a small smile, "You know, I've never taken a girl here on a date." "Well maybe you need to get better taste in girls," I muttered, throwing a look at him. "I don't know about that." He reached out to tuck some of my hair behind my ear, fingers brushing against my cheek as he brought his hand back to his side. "I happen to think that I have pretty good taste." Colour rushed to my cheeks and I turned away from him to hide it as I murmured, "Well, you would." He chuckled but said nothing else as I decided on which pair of gloves to buy. Once I had made my purchase – which I paid for despite his protests – we stepped back out into the street. As we walked along the pavement, I noted that he was walking closer to me than he had when we first arrived. But I saw no need to mention it. In fact, I might have moved closer to him as a result. He definitely noticed that and grinned, turning his eyes skyward for a moment. "Where to next?" he questioned, looking down at me. "Why don't you pick," I suggested and gestured to the bag of my shopping that he was carrying. He insisted on carrying it for me, despite the fact that I could have easily carried it myself. "I picked Spintwitches so it only makes sense for you to pick the next one." He was teasing when he suggested, "Madam Puddifoot's?" I shook my head, speeding up to walk past him and called out over my shoulder, "Fine, but this'll have to be a one-time thing then." "Well we can't have that," he declared, using his long legs to catch up to me. "I definitely want to repeat this." Even during the summer it was difficult to be graced with the summer sun when your school was in a remote part of Scotland. But, Hogwarts was finally being graced by the heat and it seemed like the rest of the summer