Sometimes I couldn't believe the cheek of the man sitting in front of me, it was as if he had no idea how rude and hurtful his actions could be. I mean, if I used his own words, then we were on opposite sides of a battle. He had chosen the ministry over his family and I had chosen his family over the ministry. I had chosen to believe in Dumbledore, to believe in Harry, and had left my job at the ministry and he had done the very opposite. He had abandoned his family and sought out power, like I knew he would do. You couldn't be best friends with someone for almost 10 years without knowing their personality and if there was one thing I knew about Percy Weasley, it was that he ambitious – perhaps too ambitious. But with what right was he sitting in my living room, watching me like he was waiting for me to say something? "Get on with it Percy," I said finally, standing across from him. He was sitting on my sofa, staring silently up at me and I crossed my arms over my chest. "You came down the floo network and told me you needed to say something – so hurry up, say it and then get out of my house." "You know," he marvelled and I struggled not to roll my eyes; we were going to be here a while. "I expected my family to act so coldly towards me but I certainly didn't expect this sort of behaviour from my best friend." "But I'm not your best friend," I said coolly, the lie leaving my lips like it was the truth. "I stopped being your best friend the moment you abandoned your family." He scoffed slightly, rising to his feet and crossing the distance between us. "So, Dumbledore got to you too then? Why believe the old coot's lies? Voldemort isn't back –" "Then who killed my parents Percy?" I asked softly, looking up into his eyes. My question threw him off and he looked around the room uncomfortably. But I kept going, he needed to see some sense before it was too late. "Who killed my parents during the quidditch world cup? The death eaters rounded them up and killed them and whose orders do the death eaters act on? You saw the destruction during the world cup – Merlin, we rescued people together Percy, I cried in your arms when I received the news – and yet that's not enough proof? What about Harry seeing him with his own eyes?" "Harry is lying," he said dismissively, still not looking me in the eyes. He cleared his throat and walked around the living room before heading to the fireplace. He looked over each of the photo frames on the fireplace and I watched his shoulders stiffen when he didn't find himself in a single one. I'd removed his photos when it got too painful to see his face every day. "Don't insult Harry in front of me, Percy," I warned him quietly. "Hurry up and say whatever it is you came here to say before I throw you out of my home and place wards against you." He let out a sigh, looking at me from over his shoulder. "I'm here to offer you a job." "A job," I repeated incredulously. "What money are you surviving on?" He asked in evident concern, turning fully to face me. "Come back to the ministry – you can't live like this for long. You need to get some stability back into your life." "I didn't know you cared," I remarked dryly with a roll of my eyes. "Of course, I –" "You certainly didn't care when you'd turned your back on your family." That shut him up. "Thanks for the offer Percy – really – but I'm not interested in getting my old job back." "It's not your old job." He straightened the tie around his neck and I wanted nothing more than to strangle him with it and shake some sense into him. "A secretarial position has been opened up – I need a secretary." "And why exactly does the Minister's Junior Assistant need a secretary?" I looked away from him, "Besides I'm too qualified for the job." "You shouldn't be so picky," he admonished, "You can always work up the ranks -" "I don't want to," I declared, "I don't want to return to the ministry whilst they're trying to blind everyone from seeing the truth. Merlin, they've got the wool wrapped tightly over your eyes Perce and you don't even know it." "I am not having this conversation with you now." He shook his head, "I trust that you're smart enough to come to the right decision yourself when the time comes. But what will it take for you to consider the job? I'm only doing this because I'm worried for you." "What will it take?" I repeated. "How about an apology Percy?" "An apology?" His eyes narrowed, "To who?" "To your father for calling him an idiot? For throwing the childhood he worked so hard to give you back in his face? For not coming to see him when he was on death's doors?" I crossed my arms when I saw his expression cloud over defensively. But I couldn't back away now, instead I kept pushing. "Or how about to your mother for returning the Christmas jumper she knitted you without so much as a note to ask how she was? For slamming your door in her face when she came to your apartment to convince you to come home? Merlin's beard Percy, this is not the way they deserve to be treated for raising you with so much love." "Do you have any idea how frustrating it is to know your parents are on the wrong path?" He threw back – what an idiot. "I am not letting them drag me down with them – do you know how much work it took to disassociate myself with the name Weasley?" Before I knew it, my wand was in my hand, pointing straight at his chest. "Don't you dare say that again, Percy Ignatius Weasley. They are your parents and don't deserve to be spoken about in such a manner!" "Maybe it would be better if they weren't my parents." Silence followed his declaration and I sighed quietly, tucking my wand back in pocket. "One day Percy, your parents aren't going to be around – either because they can't be or because they turned their backs on you – and you're going to realise what a grave mistake you've made." Realisation crossed his features, "I hadn't meant –" I shook my head and turned my back to him before saying slowly, "Get out Percy. Until you pull your head out of the Minister's unmentionables, I'm done with you." Moments passed where he seemed to not make any movement before I heard him pad to the fireplace. The sound of his voice was followed by the roaring flames and then there was silence. What had happened to him? He hadn't always been like that. Percy Weasley was my best friend, he always had been. From the moment I had lost my way during the first week of first year and he had offered to show me around, we had become easy friends. It was only because we were as close as we were, that I was allowed to see parts of him that he showed no one else – not even his family. No one tried to look past the façade of the strict head boy to see what lied beneath it. Not that he'd let them see even if they tried. He maintained the pretence that he was perfect, that nothing stressed him out but that was far from the case. I always told him that one day or another he was going to collapse under the pressure because he kept supressing everything. The last time I'd told him that, he had been writing an essay and had scoffed, more so when I continued on to say that he needed someone he could be completely open with. He'd looked up briefly from his essay to say, "Why would I need to find someone like that when you're there?" With that, he turned back to his essay and I'd realised how big of a role I played in his life. The fact was cemented more the day I first saw him break down. I had been completing my rounds when I heard something from one of the unused classrooms. Clutching my wand at my side, my heart thumped in my chest as my mind reminded me that Sirius Black had tried to break into the castle. Of course I would have the bad luck of running into a mass murderer during my bloody prefect's rounds. But still, I entered the classroom and what I saw freaked me out more than possibly running into Sirius Black. With a wave of my wand I lit the entire room up, startling the boy – the man – who was busy hiding his tears. "Percy," I said gently from the doorway of the classroom. He refused to look at me but I took tentative steps into the room anyway. "It's a stupid question to ask, but I'm going to ask you anyway; are you ok?" "Of course I am," he replied, still not looking at me. He cleared his throat roughly and hurried to gather his papers. I sighed and closed the distance between us. He tried to hurry his movements, stilling completely when I set a hand on his arm. The papers shook in his hold. Reaching out to gently take the papers from him, I set them back on the table and took his hands in mine. Sitting next to him, I sat in silence, holding his hands and waiting for the shaking of his hands to stop. He kept his head bowed towards our connected hands and I waited patiently until the shaking stopped. Removing one of my hands from his, I ran it through his hair comfortingly. He looked up at the gesture and I frowned at the trail from his tears that he hadn't managed to erase. My hand dropped from his head to wipe it away. "Is everything alright at home?" I asked cautiously. He nodded, "Everything's fine at home." He was telling the truth. "Then what," my voice trailed off as my eyes settled on the papers he'd been so focused on, or rather at the grade written across the top of the paper. "Oh Perce." "Don't pity me," he snapped, ripping his hand from mine and snatching the papers back again. He shoved them into his bag. "It's just a grade – I'll get it up again." "I don't pity you Percy," I said softly, "I'm worried about you. I thought you stopped doing this; the sleepless nights, the bottling emotions up." "It's none of your business," he threw back, faltering when he made eye contact with me. "I care about you Percy." I reached out to take his hand again, "Merlin, you know that." "And, so what?" "So I can't help you until you tell me why you do this?" I rubbed my thumb against the back of his hand, "Why chase after perfection so much? Losing sleep over perfect grades isn't worth it. Not getting straight Os isn't the end of the world." "It is to me." He took his hand out of mine and rubbed both of his hands over his face. "This is who I am – it's my character. I get the perfect grades." "You don't need to prioritise it over your health," I tried to convince him. "You of all people know how large my family is and this is how I get noticed." "Your parents will love you regardless Percy." He nodded, meeting my eyes with a