None of my friends understood why I was friends with Remus. They couldn't understand my being anything more than an acquaintance with him because, in their words; Slytherins and Gryffindors weren't friends. It simply wasn't done. Especially when the Gryffindor was not only a half-blood but also a marauder. I was so tempted to tell them where they could shove their words but simply rolled my eyes. Why were they concerning themselves with my business? And why did it matter that he was 'so completely beneath me'? They knew next to nothing about Remus. All they knew was the rubbish that circulated around the common room. They didn't know about the 8-year-old that I had met and instantly clung to, no matter how determined he was to become a social pariah. Merlin, I could still remember the first time my parents had taken me to the Lupin household. We had just moved into the neighbourhood when the Lupin's invited us to their home. Remus had been a quiet child, barely speaking to me or meeting my eyes. Thankfully he had grown out of his shyness – well, most of it. And we had been friends ever since. "Remus," Mr Lupin, a tall man said to the young boy who was sat on the sofa, "remember to play nicely while we talk to the Richmonds." I was stood beside Mr Lupin, looking at 'Remus' curiously. The boy hadn't moved from the sofa once and hadn't so much as glanced my way. He finally looked at me briefly before nodding his head. "Ok." Satisfied, Mr Lupin patted me on the shoulder before leaving the front room to talk to my parents about some Dumbly-man. I stayed by the doorway, watching the boy curiously when he did nothing more than meet my eyes for a fraction of a second before looking away again. Weird. I crossed the room curiously, settling myself on the sofa beside him. Turning to him, I watched his eyes widen for a second before he moved away slightly. But I didn't get upset – mummy said that Remus was a special boy that I had to be very nice to. "Remus," I tested out. The boy looked at me after I had called his name, waiting for me to carry on speaking. But he wasn't going to say anything? What if he couldn't talk? Was that what made him special? Or did it have something to do with the scars that I could visibly see? "What's your favourite thing to do? It's so boring here – dad said that because there's muggles around I have to make sure to not talk about magic – oh you know what magic is, right?" "Yes," the word was quiet, and he cleared his throat afterwards. I grinned at the sound of his voice; so, he could talk then. "I'm not very good at magic." "You have to go to Hogwarts first, to learn," he reminded me. "Oh yeah." Smiling excitedly, I moved closer to him and noticed that this time he didn't move away from me. "Dad says we got to Hogwarts when we're 11. Do you think we'll be in the same house?" He looked away from me and said quietly, "I don't think I'm going to Hogwarts." "Why not?" I thought for a moment, "You're not going to the one in France, are you?" I thought that I saw a smile flicker across his features when he saw just how horrified I sounded at the prospect. But the smile disappeared just as quickly as it came. Remus shook his head, swallowed thickly. "I don't think they'll let me into Hogwarts." "Why not?" "Because I'm – I'm different." "Well," I crossed my arms decidedly, "then I don't want to go either!" He was visibly confused, looking at me with furrowed brows, "Why?" "Because we're friends," I humphed, "You didn't answer my question, Remus!" "Friends?" he repeated the word so quietly that I almost missed it. He looked at me as if expecting me to take the word back but I nodded and he grinned. "What question?" "What's your favourite thing to do?" "Read," he admitted quietly, waiting for me to make fun of him for doing something so boring. But I didn't. "Really?" I exclaimed excitedly, turning in my seat to face him, "No one likes to read! Everyone else likes being outside and getting muddy and that's so gross ." Remus nodded, clearly sharing my thoughts. "I can show you my favourites?" "Please!" We shared a grin and I questioned hesitantly, "Remus – where did you get your scars from?" He flinched at the question and I sighed, "Merlin, I'm so stupid . Sorry Remus. Mum says I don't think before I speak but I was only . Because – because I got mine from a dragon and I wanted to know how you got yours." "You've got scars?" he repeated quietly, eyes wide. I met his eyes and nodded, "Want to see?" Before he could say anything, I was unbuttoning my cardigan and taking it off to reveal the short-sleeved blouse I was wearing underneath. Because it was short sleeved, he could see the scars littering my entire right arm. "There's more on my shoulder," I muttered as I buttoned my cardigan again, "but I got mine from the dragon's dad used to work with." "Dragons?" Remus repeated doubtfully but I nodded quickly. "We moved to a reserve when I was young and I snuck into a dragon pen when I shouldn't have. And well – now I have scars and I learnt not to do that again." "If you lived near dragons then it must be really boring here," he said conversationally. "Not anymore," I shrugged, reaching out to take one of his hands in both of mine, "I've met you now and it's so much more fun. Let's be best friends?" "I – why?" "Because the other girls in the area made fun of my scars and the boys all smell." He tried not to laugh, "And I like you." Remus' smile was hesitant, "I like you too." "I just don't understand," Severus hissed from across the table, drawing me out of my memory. I rolled my eyes, "Snape, no one likes a whiner. You've been complaining about this since our first year, we're now in our sixth. What's it going to take for you to drop it?" "How can you be friends with him?" he insisted. "Because I like him," I said firmly enough to make him drop the topic. Glancing briefly at my watch, I gathered my things and rose to my feet. If I left now then I could make it to the hospital wing before lessons began and I could even manage to spend some time there. "Where are you going?" Josephine Nott reached out to grab my hand. "I need to stop by the library," I lied, slipping my hand out of hers with an apologetic smile. "I'll see you in class." "I can go with you –" she offered but I was already walking away. As I walked further away from her, I heard her let out a sigh and mutter that I had to be hiding something. It wasn't rare for me to leave the Slytherin table early. No. Once a month for a few days in a row I made sure to leave the table early. They would never understand why I was doing it and they could never find out why either. Until society was ready to accept everyone as equal, I was going to have to keep this secret. But until then, I would continue to work towards that Ministry job to change these backwards laws myself. My steps began to quicken as I drew closer to the hospital wing and pushing the doors open and stepping inside. Madam Pomfrey who had been making her rounds, didn't bother to comment on my appearance in the infirmary and instead pointed to the four occupied beds at the end of the room. "Make sure to leave before lessons Miss Richmond," she warned as I walked past her, "or else I'll be forced to revoke your access." "You won't even need to remind me to leave," I promised as I walked to the end of the room. Once I reached the four beds at the farthest end of the room, I looked over the four boys who were awake and clearly bored out of their minds. Potter had gotten through the pile of quidditch magazines that someone had dropped off for him and Black and Pettigrew were working their way through a game of exploding snap. Remus was busy reading a very boring-looking, thick tome when I approached his bed. He looked up at the sound of my footsteps, giving me a smile only to wince when it pulled at a fresh scar that he had developed during the night. "You know," Remus began quietly as I put my bag on the edge of his bed, looking through it, "you don't need to keep doing this." "Shut up," I ordered, rolling my eyes. "You're acting like I haven't been doing this since I was 10. So can it. How can you expect me to change a habit so easily?" He had no words as I managed to find the bag of chocolate that I had brought during the last Hogsmeade trip in preparation for today. Placing the bag on his table, I watched with a small smile as he picked the bag up curiously, looking through it to see what was in it. Turning back to my bag, I pulled out my notes and left them on the side. With a glance at my watch, I let out a regretful sigh. "I should probably get going." "Already?" he asked with a frown, reaching out to take my hand when I went to grab my bag. "Can't you stay longer." "I'll be late to class," I pointed out, turning my hand in his to link our fingers together briefly before pulling my hand away. "Besides, Pomfrey will kick me out if I don't leave and she won't let me come and check on you anymore." "You should probably get going then," he said with a sigh, leaning back against the pillow. "Merlin knows you're the only thing keeping me insane in this hospital wing." There were identical shouts of protest from the other three Gryffindors in the hospital wing. Remus and I shared a grin as I slung my bag over my shoulder. I hesitated for a moment, not yet ready to leave and turned back to Remus. "How was it?" I asked quietly, eyes lingering on the new wound beside his mouth. "It sucked," he answered truthfully, "just as bad as every other one." I sighed, hating that he had to suffer in this way. Merlin, he didn't deserve this pain but it was something that he'd need to live with for the rest of his life. We'd both heard about the new wolfsbane potion but it was still in its testing phase. If it all worked out, then there was no reason for Remus to let this run his life. "You're worrying again," he remarked quietly, reaching out to touch my face. "Can't help it." I shrugged, "Anyway, don't even think about leaving the hospital wing until Pomfrey gives you the all clear." Walking towards him, I leaned over to press a kiss to his forehead. No one commented on the gesture; they had long since grown used to it. I had been 10 when I found out about Remus' condition and Remus' the pessimist that he was, thought I was going to leave him. Like hell I was. If anything, I clung to him even more. I was always at his house the morning after a full moon and I had noticed that his mother had a habit of pressing a kiss to his forehead whenever he was