The old, pompous men who worked for and run the ministry were the bane of my existence. Angrily reorganising the papers that had been placed on my desk, I let out a deep breath to steady myself. This was only a setback. I'd overcome their prejudices and climb up the ranks and then I'd fire them all. Yes, that was what I'd do. They had given me a secretarial position – because I was a woman and I quote 'women aren't meant to deal with the important things' – bloody imbeciles. I had applied for a more senior position in the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures and on paper, my application had been impressive enough for them to want to offer me the job straight away. The owl they sent me had said as much. It had gone on to state that they needed to organise a meeting with me – one that would purely be a formality but upon realising that I was a woman, one that had just left Hogwarts at that, they had made me a secretary. I was stuck behind a desk, acting as the secretary for one of the more senior employees within the Department of International Magical Cooperation. And, to rub it in even more, the man I was working for had been the one to dismiss me simply because of the fact that I didn't have a penis – like that meant anything. The man they eventually offered my rightful job to was a real fool and the injustice of it all made me want to pull at my own hair. "Erm, excuse me?" a voice called out cautiously, bringing me from my rapidly darkening thoughts. I cleared my throat, straightening myself out, looking over the man who was standing in front of my desk. He glanced down towards the ground as he shuffled on his feet. Tilting my head curiously, I looked over the man whose behaviour screamed that he wanted to run away. Most of the ministry employees seemed to think that they were entitled to my attention – professional or otherwise – simply because I was a secretary and they were of a higher rank. "I'm sorry you had to see me in that state," I apologised, waiting for the man to raise his eyes to mine but he didn't. "Is there anything I can help you with?" "I've been told to speak to Mr Donavon about being granted a travel visa? For work?" He looked up at me then and still didn't meet my eyes. Merlin, if that wasn't endearing. "Mr Donavon is in a meeting right now." I gave the man an apologetic smile, "Perhaps you'd like to wait for the meeting to come to an end? He shouldn't be long." He looked away from me and I paused, "Unless, you've got some work that requires your attention." "I have time," he assured me before hurrying towards the seats that had been set out for the visitors waiting to meet Mr Donavon. "So, you're work's taking you abroad?" I said after a few moments of awkward silence. Laughing gently, I tried to inject some lightness into the room. "I find myself rather jealous – I'd give anything to be able to get out from behind this desk." He smiled rather shyly, ducking his head down a little. "I've been commissioned to write a book – on magical creatures." He said the words as if they meant nothing. But to me, they were something else and I wondered whether this was what people who met their heroes felt like. "Merlin," I exclaimed, the word coming out like a gasp and it caught the man who just I'd identified by surprise. His eyes went wide, scanning the room as if he thought something else held by excitement. "You're Newton Scamander." "You know who I am?" Mr Scamander was genuinely shocked at my easy recognition of him. "Of course I do." I smiled warmly at the man, hurrying to pull out a report I'd hidden within one of the desk drawers to read once I'd finished all of my work. "I've been reading your latest report on the declining birth rates amongst Bowtruckles – it's fascinating stuff." His head bowed slightly at the compliment, red colour creeping up his neck but the smile was unmissable. "Truly, some of the solutions you've put forward are ingenious and I agree with you completely – conservation is the way forward." "What are you doing in the Department of International Magical Cooperation?" he asked curiously, lifting his head and looking me in the eyes for the first time since we had met. "It is obvious that your passion lies elsewhere so why the Department of International Magical Cooperation?" "It wasn't my first choice, Mr Scamander," I assured him with a roll of my eyes. "I applied for a researcher position within the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures and ended up with a secretarial position within the Department of International Magical Cooperation." "How?" He raised confused eyebrows and I was briefly flattered by his sudden interest. "I mean to make no assumptions but you seem like a bright woman – you would have been a much better addition to the Department than Mr Harman." "I know I would have been," I said smoothly, seeing the way he became flustered by his own words and knew not to comment on them. "But, alas, Mr Scamander we live in a world where the male genitals mean more than my qualifications." "P-Pardon?" he stuttered, eyes wide and he was once again back to not meeting my eyes. "It seems that some of the senior staff think that a woman cannot be a researcher," I explained, "But I intend to work my way up to the researcher position. At 18 I'm still young so I have all the time to do so." "I am certain you will achieve it." Smiling gratefully at him for his kind words, I turned to look at the door to Mr Donovan's office which opened. Mr Donovan escorted his last client out of his office and bid him goodbye. He glanced curiously at the still waiting Mr Scamander and I rose to my feet, catching the older man's attention. "Mr Newton Scamander is here to see you regarding –" "Ah!" Mr Donovan interrupted me and I narrowed my eyes at him but said nothing, settling back down into my seat, "Your supervisor has already spoken to me, come in young man and we can get it all sorted out." Mr Donovan headed into his room without looking to see if Mr Scamander was following him. Mr Scamander rose to his feet, intending to walk into the office but stopped beside my desk. "It was a pleasure to meet you," he said quietly, eyes flickering around the room so they didn't need to meet mine. "Thank you for keeping me company Miss –" "Lynn." I finished for him. "Miss Lynn." He inclined his head slightly before disappearing into the office. In the ministry, I was simply Miss Lynn – no first name. I was supposed to blend in because I did no work of significance. But I would change that. Merlin, I would change that. Mr Scamander, using his words, liked to talk to me because I paid attention to what it was that he was saying to me. But I couldn't understand how it was possible for someone to not pay attention to him when he spoke, when what he was saying was so fascinating? He had arrived by my desk after having clocked out for the day in order to say goodbye. Once he had been granted the necessary visas for his trip, he had quickly set a date for what was to become a long research trip and the date was rapidly approaching. In fact, it had come so quickly that he was to leave in a few days and had clocked out of work for the last time today. "Mr Scamander," I called out in greeting to the man who approached my desk as I tidied it up and prepared to clock out of work. Like Mr Scamander, I had the weekend off and was planning to make use of it, especially if the rumours surrounding an upcoming promotion were to be true. "Miss Lynn," he returned the greeting, waiting for me to grab my bag and step out from behind the desk. "How has your day been?" "As uneventful as usual," my response was said with my usual amount of boredom but I made myself smile and look up at the taller man who walked silently beside me, his hunched shoulders slightly. "And how was your final day in the office Mr Scamander?" "I am a little nervous about this trip because it's so different to what I'm used to doing," he admitted as we boarded the lift together and he leaned across to push the button to close it. "But I'm also incredibly excited for the chance to potentially see these creatures in real life." "Well," I remarked with a smile as we stepped out of the lift, "Feel free to take pictures of these creatures and send them back to your biggest fan. Not all of us are granted such an opportunity." "I shall make sure to do that," he promised, colour rising to his cheeks as he ducked his head to avoid my eyes. Clearing his head, he forced himself to raise his head, "Would it be a pain for you if I were to write to you during my travels?" "Oh it would be a terrible pain," my sarcasm was obvious but it made a small smile curve along his lips. "I fear your letters may even make my day, Mr Scamander." As we reached the exit points of the ministry, I cleared my throat knowing that we would have usually parted by now. Mr Scamander saw no reason to hesitate in leaving, "I look forward to seeing you upon my return, Miss Lynn." "Wait," I reached out instantly to take a hold of his sleeve. He froze, looking down at my hand on his sleeve and I brought it back to my side. "Miss Lynn?" "Would you like to accompany me back to my home?" My invitation startled him and when I realised what I had insinuated, I hurried to rectify my mistake. "There is a going away present that I wish to give you." My first statement had flustered him but my second seemed to alleviate whatever worries he had previously held. "If you are certain that I wouldn't be intruding?" "I wouldn't have asked if you were." I offered my hand for him to take, getting ready to apparate us into my home. But he stared down at my hand before looking up at me with slightly raised eyebrows. He couldn't meet my eyes. "Mr Scamander?" "Perhaps we –" "I only wish to apparate us into my home," I explained with a slight smile, "It is the fastest way to travel." "Oh, of course." He set his hand in mine and I apparated the two of us away before our encounter could grow more embarrassing. Upon arriving at home, I moved away from Mr Scamander and slipped out of my coat, draping it across the back of the sofa. My eyes drifted to the man who was looking around my home with curious eyes. "Would you like some tea?" I asked, making him look at me. "If it wouldn't be too much of an annoyance," he said with yet another shy smile. "I don't think you could ever be an annoyance, Mr Scamander," I remarked as I stepped into the kitchen to fill the kettle. Setting the kettle onto the stove, I charmed it to heat up before returning to the front room to find Mr Scamander busy with his investigation. Clearing my throat a little,