The reserve that was to be my home for the next year or so, was horrendously understaffed in terms of healers. The number of non-medical staff on the reserve was in the hundreds, and yet the medical team was made of only five healers. Six, with myself included. I could quickly see myself becoming run down by the amount of work I'd be doing but, I reminded myself that I had signed up for this. This was a decision that I had made myself and I was going to stick to it. Keeping that in mind, I made my way around the medical cabin which was far larger and more well-equipped than I had expected it to have been. "Healer Hill," a voice called out and I briefly paused in assessing the supplies within the ingredients cupboard. Turning to face the younger man approaching me, I raised an inquisitive eyebrow, "Yes, Hopkins?" "You wouldn't happen to have seen where I put the newest shipment of Blood-Replenishing potions?" He rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly, "I can't remember where I put the crate down." "Hopkins," I let out a deep breath, refusing to let myself get worked up over yet another one of his mistakes, "I suggest you search for the missing crate or I'll make sure you stay back every night for the next two weeks to sterilise all of the equipment. Do you understand?" "Yes ma'am." He didn't lose his sheepish smile as he shuffled away to look for the missing crate of potions. Godric help that boy. I watched him walk away with narrowed eyes. He'd freshly left Hogwarts and had signed up to do his healer training here in bloody Romania and kept making the most ridiculous mistakes every day. But, he still had the makings of a healer deep inside of him. I'd just have to bring that part out of him. As I turned back to the ingredients cupboard, I continued to keep stock of the ingredients, making a brief note of what else we needed. A knock on the door of the cabin interrupted me mid-process. "I'm looking for the new healer?" The voice was overwhelmingly familiar and the butterflies in my stomach was something that I had become used to. Merlin, I'd have the luck of picking the reserve that he worked in. "That would be me, Charlie," I said after I'd gathered myself enough to turn around and face the man. His eyebrows rose a little in surprise at the sight of me but he quickly regained himself. "I had no idea that you were working at the reserve." "I had no idea that you were working at the reserve," I shot back, growing aware of the eyes of the rest of the medical team that had grown very interested in our conversation. Turning my back to him, I pretended to continue my assessment of the supplies. "So, you didn't come here to search me out then," he teased and I was glad for it. The more he shifted into becoming like his usual self, the more I could relax around him. "Did you need anything from me?" He walked towards me, standing beside me as he looked down at me. Ignoring the eyes on me, I made a note that we needed more moonstone powder. "I'm supposed to be meeting with the head Dragonologist." "Well, he's standing right beside you, love." He chuckled slightly when I glanced curiously up at him. "There's no need to look so surprised." "I had no idea you'd been promoted," I said quietly, turning away from him. "I was promoted right after the battle." He cleared his throat. "There's no need to explain." He rolled his eyes at my insistence. "Godric Charlie, there's no reason that I was supposed to know." "Isn't there?" he posed the question tentatively. When I gave him no answer he straightened up and asked in a voice that was more blithe. You didn't need to know him as well as I did to know that it was fake. "But hey, you've been promoted as well." "I guess you could say that." "Becoming the head of the medical team on the reserve isn't a promotion?" "It's a way for me to get the experience I need," I explained steadily, "I was up for the head of department position at St. Mungo's but I didn't have enough experience. And now here I am, gaining experience." "I see," he muttered back, voice tight. "I'm only here for a couple of years' maximum. Once I'm done here then I'll be going back to England." He nodded forcefully, "Of course that makes sense, you've got no business being here." "Charlie –" "I mean, what other reason is there for you to stay here?" The question probed deeply, as he stared down at me. I averted my eyes, looking back to the clipboard, "Nothing." "I thought not." He straightened up to his full height, holding a hand out towards me. "It's a pleasure to meet you head healer Hill. Welcome to the reserve." I took his hand briefly, "The pleasure's all mine." Charlie turned and walked out of the medical cabin without another word. Only when I had heard the door of the cabin shut behind him, did I turn back to the team of healers who had long since given up pretending to do their work. "Are you all done staring?" Raising an eyebrow, I looked over the healers who scrambled back to their work. "Or is there something you want to say to me?" Shaking their heads, they carried on with their work and I shook my head. Nosey buggers. "Hopkins," I called out to the younger boy who hurried to my side, carrying a large crate as he did so, "So I take it that you found the missing potions then?" He nodded with a big relieved smile, setting the crate down on one of the desk. I cracked it open with a wave of my wand and started restocking the shelf. He came to my side, helping me in silence. I rolled my eyes, "Whatever it is that you want to say, I suggest you say it not before you burst from keeping it inside of you for so long." "What's going on between you and Charlie?" he asked hesitantly. "Nothing." Glancing at him briefly, I handed the list that I had been working on off to him. "We went to Hogwarts together and we were in the same year." "That's all?" He furrowed his eyebrows, glancing down at the list before looking back to me. "It doesn't seem like that's it." "That's all there is to it," I confirmed and gestured to the paper Hopkins was currently clutching to his chest. "Now, run ahead and order those ingredients for me." He mock saluted me. "Yes ma'am." I had been right in assuming that there would never be a spare moment in the medical cabin, especially not with the number of dragons on site. More often than not, the patients that we were treating were the trainee Dragonologists that had gotten too close to a dragon when they really shouldn't have been. The door to the cabin opened as yet another patient walked in, looking a little shamefaced. His expression told me that this was his first trip to the medical cabin in a while and really, it would be the first of many. It always was. "Come in," I said, gesturing to the young man to sit in the chair beside my desk. He walked through the hovering healers who were tending to the patients in the full beds and settled down across from me. Looking him over with a critical eye, my eyes narrowed onto the arm that he was cradling to his chest. "Is it a cut or a burn?" "It's a cut," he said quietly, outstretching his arm when I gestured for him to set it down. I pushed my chair closer to the desk, peering down at his injury, "Once you've been a trainee here for more than a few months you get burnt less often because the dragons are capable of recognising you." "And you end up getting cut by talons more," I muttered, glancing up at him to see him grin a little awkwardly, confirming my theory. "You still get too close and get cut." "Well, I am still a trainee." "That you are." With a wave of my wand I cut his shirt sleeve up to the elbow so I could get a better look at the wound. He made no sound of protest, "Merlin, you look like you've just left Hogwarts." He puffed his chest out a little, offended by my words, "I left Hogwarts two years ago." "And I left Hogwarts eight years ago so you're practically a child in my eyes." He deflated in his seat a little, bringing a smile to my lips as I pushed away from my desk to gather the necessary supplies. When I returned to my seat, he took the Blood-Replenishing potion that I gave him without a fuss, keeping his eyes on me as he did so. I raised an eyebrow, "Is there something you want to say?" He turned his eyes away from me. Instead he looked curiously around the bustling medical cabin. His eyes roved across each of the occupied beds before looking at the qualified healers who were each dealing with a patient. Hopkins looked rather ragged as he ran between the healer's desks, carrying out various tasks and just when he would finish, another healer would call out for him. "It's really busy in here," he stated the obvious. "It always is," I muttered without looking up at him as I cleaned the blood from around the wound. "I'm sure you've noticed but a dragon reserve is an extremely dangerous place. Whether you believe it or not, Mr Stebbs, you're the twentieth patient I've seen today." "I didn't tell you my name –" "Oh please, as the healer in charge, it's my job to know the people that I'm responsible for." Glancing up at him briefly, I gave him a small smile as I reached for the needle and thread. His face paled a little at the sight and I squeezed his hand reassuringly. "It won't hurt much. But some of the patients find that talking about something helps get their mind off of the pain." "Well what should I talk about?" He turned his eyes away from what I was doing, unable to watch as I brought the needle to his skin. "What made you choose to become a Dragonologist? It's not exactly a conventional career option." He pondered the question, not even realising the moment where the needle entered his skin for the first time. I focused on stitching him up, waiting patiently for him to speak. "Charlie Weasley's my role model," he began quietly, and without knowing it, my hand slowed a little. "I mean, the man's a bloody dragon tamer and well Merlin, if that's not cool." "So that's it then?" I teased, forcing myself to turn my focus back to the task at hand. "It's cool?" "No," he admitted, eyes returning to the side of my face as I continued to work. "We were never really taught about dragons in school and I wanted the chance to learn about them. It was a bonus that he worked here and he was just as cool as I thought he'd be – he's like the older brother I always wanted." "Charlies got a lot of younger brothers," I added before I could stop myself, "I'm sure he doesn't mind one more." Stebbs eyed me, pondering over something. Finally, as if he made up his mind, he started to talk again. "Sometimes, the trainees and the mentors head off for a drink or two and he's always so cautious not to get drunk but when the other blokes have