Word of Harry's death spread through the great hall like an out of control Fiendfyre. All hope seemed to drain from everyone as we were presented with Harry Potter's cold lifeless body. His body was carried in by one of the death eaters and was thrown unceremoniously to the floor. I felt the bile rise in my throat, my body filing with utter despair. What would happen now? The crowd surged to get closer to his body, not believing it to truly be Harry's body. Someone from the crowd took a hold of my hand and started to pull me through the crowd. Turning my head to meet professor McGonagall's eyes, I followed her as we soundlessly made our way through the crowd. Professor McGonagall was filled with new urgency, running through the corridor and pulling me behind her into Professor Dumbledore's office. Shutting the door behind me, she magically locked the door and started to ward the room. When she was done, she turned to look behind me. Following her gaze, my eyes settled onto my Professors who were all staring at me grimly. I looked back at McGonagall. "Professor?" "I'm sorry," she said, finding an envelope and thrusting it into my hands. "This has to be done." "What has to be done?" I asked carefully, looking down at the envelope in my hands and then back to the adults in the room. Opening the envelope slowly, I read the letter. I had even read it twice to make sure that I hadn't misread the letter. And I hadn't; that was what was making my stomach turn. The letter fell through my fingers as I looked up at my professors fearfully. Professor Sinistra stepped towards me, calling my name gently. I shook my head, stepping away from her. "I can't do this." A time turner was looped around my neck as I was handed an envelope. They were all deaf to my fears. This past year they had seen their school overturned and they'd had to put up with a lot. Losing harry had been the final straw. "Now when you get to the right time, you need to give this envelope to Dumbledore. Do you understand?" "Yes professor." "Good luck Miss Stevens." With a final deep breath to steady my frayed nerves, I turned the time turner six times, just as I had been instructed to in the letter. I watches as time reversed around me and found myself back in time, standing in professor Dumbledore's office. Or rather, in this time it was Headmaster Dippet's office. It looked exactly the same. The room was thankfully empty, giving me the chance to compose myself. If I was to play the role that I had been assigned then I would need to play it perfectly. Gaining acceptance from the two most powerful professors at Hogwarts was the first hurdle I needed to overcome. Letting out a deep breath I sat down in one of the chairs that faced the desk and smoothed down my uniform skirt that had somehow changed to become a replica of the old uniform. At the sound of approaching voices, I straightened up in my seat and waited anxiously for the door of the office to open. It did seconds later and Professor Dippet walked into the room, followed by a younger Dumbledore. Dippet took his seat behind the desk, believing me to be the transfer student he was anticipating. Dumbledore stood behind him, watching me curiously as Dippet competed the formalities that were needed. Once everything had been straightened out, Dippet asked Dumbledore to escort me towards the great hall. I had been sorted privately into Ravenclaw and was to meet members of my house during the feat today. Once we were alone, I reached into my pocket and handed the envelope to Dumbledore. His eyes looked between the envelope and me, before opening it. His eyes looked over the letter and looked up to give me a single nod. With that Dumbledore left me on my own at the Ravenclaw table to take his seat at the headmaster's table. Students started to fill up the great hall and I fidgeted uncomfortably when I realised that everyone was looking at the lone girl who was sat in the great hall. Although everyone settled down in time for the sorting, people still kept their eyes on me. Merlin's beard, I couldn't do this. In my own time I made sure to blend in and avoid attracting unnecessary attention to myself. That was one of the reasons that I was so shocked at being given this mission. I knew next to nothing about Voldemort and what he had exactly done. It was true that I knew the basics like him having made horcruxes but I didn't know the details. Maybe that was why Dumbledore had chosen me before his death? This way, with me not knowing the extent of Voldemort's dealings, there was a chance of me finding some way to redeem him? If that was even possible. The girl sitting next to me scoffed, pulling me from my thoughts. I turned to face her as she leaned towards me, lowering her voice. "Honestly you're just a transfer student; it's not as if you're Grindlewauld." She held her hand out for me to take. "I'm Melinia MacMillan. Just ignore everyone and you'll be fine – they'll probably stop when the sorting finished anyway." "That's good to know." I said with a smile. If I was to stay here for a while then it wouldn't hurt to make a few friends. The sorting finished and after a few words from the headmaster, the feast began. True to Melinia's words all eyes left me and focused onto the spread of food in front of us. Nudging me with her shoulder, Melinia gestured to the food, "Hurry up and eat before it's all gone. It's all good." Once the fest had finished, people started to slowly leave to return to the great hall. Melinia rose to her feet and gestured for me to follow her. "Come on," she said, leading me out of the great hall. "I'll show you the way to our common room. There's a spare bed in our dorms, I'm assuming that's the one you'll be taking." "Thanks." I said with a smile, dropping into step beside her. I already knew my way around the castle but I couldn't raise suspicion by knowing my way around perfectly. Just as we were about to set off, Professor Dumbledore stepped out from the great hall and called out after us. Melinia and I stopped to look back at the professor. "Miss MacMillan, are you planning to escort Miss Stevens to the Ravenclaw dorms?" He asked. "Yes professor." "That won't be necessary Miss MacMillan. I have already arranged a guide for Miss Stevens so feel free to run along to your dorm." "Yes, sir." Once she was dismissed, Melinia walked in the direction of the Ravenclaw common room and left me with Dumbledore. "You've arranged a guide Professor?" I repeated just as a boy stepped out of the shadows. Dumbledore gestured to the extremely handsome boy that was standing beside him. Cool grey eyes were watching me curiously and I took the opportunity to subtly scan him from head to toe. His dark hair was styled perfectly, not a stray hair out of place, and his uniform was worn following every single one of Hogwarts regulations. My eyes settled onto the Slytherin tie around his neck and the boy straightened up under my gaze. "Miss Stevens, this is Mr Riddle," he said looking between us. There was no time for me to react to meeting the boy who would become Voldemort and so I didn't react. "Mr Riddle this is Miss Stevens." I clenched my hands into fists at my side. Hiding them behind my back, I glanced up into the face of the man who was responsible for the deaths of so many of my loved ones. Letting out a breath I steadied myself and returned my arms to my side. The boy, Riddle, inclined his head to me. "It's a pleasure to meet you Miss Stevens." His eyes narrowed when I refused to return the words. How was I supposed to 'save' this man when I couldn't even bring myself to be pleasant to him? Dumbledore, seeing that I wasn't going to respond, decided to intervene. "Mr Riddle, could you please escort Miss Stevens back to her dorm please?" "Of course Professor." Riddle left Dumbledore's side to stand beside me. Dumbledore left the two of us alone and I couldn't help but narrow my eyes at the professors back. I was supposed to complete the job that I had been assigned but I hadn't yet come to terms with the fact that I was supposed to be helping a psychotic mass murderer. Riddle cleared his throat, pulling me from my thoughts. Looking up at Riddle, I waited for him to lead the way. We were walking quietly through the corridor when Riddle broke the tense silence between us. "You've hardly been a student at Hogwarts for a day, Miss Stevens, but you're already taking part in the house prejudices." He spoke, his eyes looking straight ahead. "Pardon?" I didn't raise my eyes to look at him. "Houses prejudices?" "You didn't wish for me to escort you to your common room because I'm a Slytherin." He stated his assumption like it was a fact. Riddle came to a stop, making me stop beside him. He set his eyes onto me, his gaze burning into me in order to make me meet his eyes. He raised an eyebrow, demanding an answer. "Of course that's not the reason." I protested, meeting his gaze head on. It's because you're bloody Voldemort . I continued down the hall, making him follow after me. "Professor Dumbledore told me about the houses and well our two common rooms are as far from each other as they can be. I'd hate to inconvenience you Mr Riddle." I looked up at Riddle just in time to see him narrow his eyes at my answer. It was almost undetectable but I had managed to catch it; he didn't' believe me. But he made no other comment as he came to stop outside of the Ravenclaw common room. I glanced between the portrait and Riddle, hoping that he would leave. But he remained where he was as if he was waiting for something. "Thank you for escorting me Mr Riddle." "It was no problem Miss Stevens," he said with a smile. I felt as if my breath was knocked out of me; when he smiled I could tell why his face was able to charm so many people. "Feel free to approach me whenever you are in need of anything." He still made no move to walk away from me. Looking to the portrait I waited for the Riddle and answered it with ease. Stepping into the portrait hole I looked back at Riddle to find him looking at me. "Goodnight Mr Riddle." He inclined his head towards me, "Goodnight Miss Stevens." The portrait swung shut, providing me shelter from his eyes. I took a deep breath, trying to calm my hammering heart. So that was Voldemort. I had managed to integrate myself here in the 40s with, miraculously, very little slips ups so far. Over the past few weeks I had grown closer to the other girls in my dorm and we were now sat in the three broomsticks. The girls were busy talking about a famous wizard who had apparently rose to wizarding fame in the last few years. Having no idea who they were talking about, I just nodded along. I raised my glass to my lips as a voice cut in smoothly, "Excuse me ladies." Peering up at the boy standing in front of the table I set my glass back down. I shared