Fred's POV "Excuse me?" a small voice called out, trying to get my attention. It was a wonder that I could hear her at all over the noise of the children running around the shop. "I'll be with you in a minute, love," I responded, ringing up the total for the customer in front of me. Once I had served the customer, the older man took his bag and left the shop, bringing me face to face with the young woman who had called out to me earlier. It was like a bolt from the blue. Just the sight of her face and I was frozen into place. It was a face I saw in my dreams every night and I was certain that I could describe each of her features in vivid detail. I could tell you the way her lips curved up higher on one side, the way her eyes widened with the adrenaline from that day, but I couldn't tell you what her name was. "Erm, excuse me?" she prompted again and I blinked, bringing myself out of my daze. "Sorry about that," I apologised quietly, unable to tear my eyes away from her face. After years of searching for her, here she was, standing in my shop. "What can I do for you?" "I think a delivery of mine was dropped off here?" she trailed off, realising that I had no idea what she was talking about. "George usually keeps it in the back for me until I can pick it up?" "Um, let me go and check the storeroom," I offered, cursing myself internally for acting like such a freak. Why couldn't I just talk to her? However, the far more pressing and more important question was, how did she know George? And if she did know George, then why didn't George tell me? I ducked into the storeroom, leaving Verity to man the till and instantly slumped against the wall. Merlin. I could still remember it. The battle was nothing like any of us had expected. None of us had expected to lose so many people so quickly. But we had to persist. I stood side by side, fighting alongside Percy of all people as we fought to maintain our stronghold on the castle. There was no time to think; spell after spell left my wand and I barely registered which ones I had been casting. Thinking for a moment too long would cost me my life and I was not going to die today. "Hello, Minister! Did I mention I'm resigning?" Percy exclaimed suddenly, drawing me from my thoughts and briefly making me look away from the death eater that I was duelling. It could have proven to be a fatal mistake. "You're joking, Perce! You actually are joking, Percy… I don't think I've heard you joke since you were — " There was an almighty crash as one of the death eaters blew a wall to pieces and before I knew it – "Mobilicorpus!" the spell was exclaimed by a quiet but strong voice. Just like that I was swept off of my feet, hovering in the air as the caster of the spell moved me away from my previous spot. My eyes sought their way back to where I had been standing merely second ago, only to find the pieces of the wall crumble on top of that very spot. Merlin, that would have killed me. Whoever the woman still moving me through the air was, she had just saved my life. I was set on the ground suddenly as the caster, my saviour, lifted the spell and placed me by their feet. Scrambling to stand up again, I caught a glimpse of her face and that was all I needed for her face to be forever ingrained in my mind. She ran off before I could say a word. I had spent years searching her out, trying to find her so I could thank her for saving my life that day. But I'd found nothing about her. And yet, here she was, standing in the shop acting as if I didn't owe my life to her. Did she not remember? How could she forget; it was certainly something that I would never forget. "Oi!" George called out, emerging from the back of the storage room and approaching me, "Are you alright? You look like you've seen a ghost?" "I'm fine," I said dismissively, straightening up. "Some woman is here to pick up a delivery of hers, she said you normally keep it in the back for her?" Recognition lit up his features and George returned to the storeroom before coming out with a large cardboard box in his arms. Holding the door open for him, I watched George approach the woman – my saviour – and set the box on the counter. "Thank you so much," the woman said to George, smiling widely at him, "I'm sorry I wasn't around to take it but I was running a delivery when it arrived." "Don't worry about it," George insisted and I couldn't help but look at him suspiciously. "You already know what the payment is." "Of course," she nodded, "A tray of blueberry muffins." George grinned, "Your muffins are the best." "Thanks." Her eyes flickered in my direction before she moved to take the box, "I should head back." "Do you need some help?" I offered, reaching out to take the box, finally deciding to act like a normal human, "It looks heavy?" "Don't worry about it, I am a witch after all." Pulling her wand from her pocket, she levitated the box and headed out of the shop without so much of a backwards glance. I watched her as she walked out of the shop, only turning my eyes back to George once she had walked out of the door. George was grinning, wriggling his eyebrows suggestively at me. "How do you know her?" I asked, cutting to the chase. "She works down the road," George sounded way too smug. "She owns a bakery – it's really successful too." "A bakery, you say," I murmured quietly, fuming internally because I had spent such a long time searching for her when she was literally a few doors away. The number of times looking for her had pushed me to the edge of sanity were countless, and yet it seemed like while I was looking for her, she was becoming friends with my brother. "Do you want me to set you up?" George offered and I shook my head instantly. "I'm not interested in her like that," I insisted, rolling my eyes when George gave me a look that told me he didn't buy it. "I'm behind serious Georgie – that her, the one that saved me during the Battle." George fell silent, eyes growing wide. "Are you serious? You've spent years looking for her and it was Robinson the whole time." I nodded, "She's the reason I'm alive today and all this time she's been within arm's reach." "Well what are you going to do then?" "I'm not sure," I shrugged, "But I'm definitely not letting her get away from me this time." "That doesn't sound like you're not interested," George trailed off innocently. Normal (OC's) POV I was busy icing my signature red velvet cupcakes when I heard the bell toll, telling me that a customer had just walked into the bakery. Adjusting my hold on the piping bag, I piped the icing into a perfect swirl. "Just a moment," I called out, setting the piping bag down on the side once I had finished icing the last one. Picking up the tray of red velvet cupcakes, I headed out of the kitchen and out to the front of the shop. A smile instantly made its way onto my face, the way it always did whenever I was faced with a customer. "Oh," I said, slightly shocked when I recognised the face. Setting the tray of cupcakes onto the counter, I wiped my hands on my apron. "A new customer – is there anything I can help you with Mr Weasley?" "You can call me Fred," he insisted, taking a look at each of the cakes in my display. His eyebrows rose in wonder and I couldn't help but smile at the sight of his expression. "Mr Weasley makes me sound like I'm so much older than you when according to George, you're the same age as Ron." "You've been asking about me?" I asked cautiously, opening the glass door to the display counter and arranging the newest cupcakes on one of the ornate, unique cupcake stands. "It's nothing like that," he assured me, looking up at me with an innocent smile, "I just had no idea that there was a bakery on the same road as our shop – let alone that it was so popular." "Well, I guess everyone loves a good cake." Fred straightened up, keeping his eyes on mine. "Rumour has it that yours are some of the best around." "You shouldn't always believe rumours," I said slightly uncomfortably under the weight of his stare. Why did he keep looking at me in that manner? "I don't believe rumours," he assured me, "But I believe George." The bell rang again before I could ask him what he meant. A family, one of my regular customers, walked into the bakery and just like they always did, the children ran straight to the display. "How has your day been?" I asked their parents who trailed after their children and met my eyes with a roll of their own. "They were dying to pop into the bakery as soon as they heard we were coming to Diagon Alley." Their father sighed as I walked around the counter to crouch beside their children; two girls who proudly announced that they were in their double digits now and one boy who was the cutest 4-year-old I had ever met. "I'm surprised they lasted so long." "Well I'm always pleased to see them," I cooed, pinching their son's cheeks gently. He giggled. "So, do my favourite princesses want their usual or to try something else?" The two girls, twins, shared a look before announcing simultaneously, "The usual." "Alrighty then, two slices of double chocolate fudge cake coming up." I turned to the boy rising onto his toes to see into the top shelf of the display, "And I have something very special for you Mr Superhero." He perked up at my words, smiling widely when I went back around the counter to pop into the kitchen for a moment. I returned to find that the young boy had climbed into his father's arms so he could see over the counter. "Happy birthday!" I cheered, approaching him with a cupcake iced to look like his favourite superhero. His eyes lit up as he leaned towards me to blow the candle out. Taking the cupcake from me, he showed his parents with eager eyes. "And before you say anything," I said with a look towards their mother who was grinning at me, "I only iced a cupcake because you say sugar makes him crazy so be thankful that it wasn't a normal sized cake. Also, it's on the house. Now what can I get mum and dad? The usuals too?" Packing the family's order to go and wringing up their total, I waved them goodbye as they left the shop, suddenly remembering the presence of the other man. Fred had watched the entire interaction with an odd smile on his face. "I'm sorry, I forgot you were there for a moment." "Not many women would be able say that, love." He grinned, approaching the counter once again, "But for some reason, I don't mind." "Right." I cleared my throat, wiping at the counter so that I had an excuse not to look at him. "Didn't you want to buy something?" -"I actually came here