What were you supposed to do when you received a single piece of news that sent your world spinning? When something so small could send you stumbling off the path you thought you were walking down? Godric, as I stared at the potion vial in my hands I felt my heart sink as the blue colour slowly intensified. There was no doubting it now. Madam Pomfrey had handed me the potion vial, assuring me that it was a diagnostic potion that needed only a few drops of my blood to run. She went on to explain that the originally colourless potion would remain colourless if the test was negative. And would turn blue if it was positive. Originally I had protested because I couldn't be, there was no way that I was – But as I stared down at the now blue potion I couldn't deny it anymore. Pregnant. Merlin's beard. "From the looks of the colour, you're about 2 months along. You have nothing you worry about Miss Potter," Pomfrey assured me as she stood by the bed I was sat on. She reached out to put a hand on my shoulder in an action that was meant to be reassuring. "You are not the first student to experience an unplanned pregnancy within Hogwarts's walls and I very well doubt you shall be the last. We have a support system in place which will be able to help you through whatever decision you make and –" "I need some time to think," I cut in quietly, my words making the older woman pause. "Of course," she said understandingly, "my doors are always open when you need my assistance." Muttering a quiet word of thanks, I hopped off the bed and walked quickly out of the hospital wing. I just needed to get out of the ward and clear my head for a bit. This was lifechanging news which I needed to think carefully on. Of course, I couldn't make this decision on my own, Fred would – Merlin's beard, how was I going to tell Fred? Sucking in a deep breath, I looked down at the potion vial that was still clasped in my hand and shoved it to the bottom of my bag. Turning into a corridor I decided to take the long way round to the common room to give myself some more time to think. Godric, there was so many people to tell. Was I supposed to tell the teachers and the students or keep it all to myself? Harry would need to know. As would the Weasley. Sirius was going to kill Fred – 2 months along, that was what Pomfrey had said. If I was two months along – Doing some quick mental calculations, I placed the … conception to have occurred sometime during the Easter holiday. But we had been so careful every single time. Magical contraception, muggle contraception. Godric, why me! I could just hear Angie's voice already as she'd exclaim in utter shock that trouble seemed to follow the Potter surname. And I couldn't exactly contradict that, now could I? Pomfrey had gone out of her way to assure me that there were options but what option apart from keeping this little surprise was there? My steps slowed slightly as I peered down at my stomach as if expecting it to have swollen already. Of course it hadn't, but as I pressed my hand to it I knew that something had changed. Godric, this little person needed me. Dropping my hand back to my side I continued on my way to the common room. Announcing the password to the Fat Lady, I stepped inside the portrait hole and looked around the common room to find Fred. Surely it was better to tell him now? That was the Gryffindor thing to do and as the daughter of a marauder I was going to be a Gryffindor about this. My perusal of the common room ended when I spotted Fred sat on one of the sofas, in between Lee and George. I reached up to grab my bag strap tightly, knuckles briefly turning white before I let out a breath, easing my hold. Crossing the common room to stand in front of Fred, I watched as his eyes saw my approaching figure and a welcoming smile filled his features with warmth. His smile always sent my heart aflutter but this time the nerves had a bigger effect on me. Fred, still seated, looked over me with a frown. I shifted uncomfortably on my feet; surely he couldn't tell? Reaching out to take my hands in his, he asked quietly, "what's wrong, love?" Letting out a breath, I briefly squeezed his hands; this was it. "Can we talk?" My eyes flickered to the boys sat on either side of him. "Privately?" He was on his feet instantly, growing more concerned at my uncharacteristic silence. Dropping my hands from his, I fiddled with my fingers as I mentally scripted how I was going to tell him. What was the point of doing that? The moment I actually started to speak, my pre-scripted dialogue would fly from my brain. "Be careful Freddie boy," Lee teased, grinning up at us, "sounds like you're in trouble." "Nah you've got in wrong mate," George cut in, "the lovely Miss Potter's realised she's with the wrong twin and is going to dump his freckly arse." "Oh shut up, you tossers," Fred threw back good-naturedly, looping an arm over my shoulders, "if I was in trouble with the missus then Harry'd have come for my head by now." I cleared my throat, peering up at Fred, "Can we go now?" His smile faded slowly, eyes roving over my features with blatant concern, "Yeah, sure." He led me to a quiet corner of the common room, leaning a shoulder against the wall as he looked down at me, waiting. I stood before him, wringing my fingers together nervously. Now that I was in this situation, it was suddenly a lot harder to tell him. Especially when I couldn't yet bring myself to admit that I was … with child. "Love?" he called out quietly after I'd been silent for a while and he was attempting to lighten my mood, "I'm not really in trouble, am I?" Biting my bottom lip, I stared up at him before shaking my head slowly. "Of course not." A whoosh of breath left him and he brought a hand up to tuck some of my hair behind my ear. "Then what's wrong? You've got that expression on your face – the one you have when you're thinking too much. Are you alright?" "I think so," I admitted truthfully, making him frown. "There's just something really important that we need to talk about." "Are you breaking up with me?" he demanded, half serious. Rolling my eyes, I swatted at his chest, "I've already told you that you're not in trouble. Fred, I'm –" We were suddenly approached by Lee and my words dried up in my throat. Fred stared down at me encouragingly as he waited for me to continue, but I couldn't. Lee, feeling my eyes on him, sent me an apologetic smile before turning to Fred. I vaguely heard them mention something about fireworks before Fred was walking away from me after planting a kiss to my forehead and promising that we'd talk later. He'd just upped and left. The chance to talk hadn't appeared because Fred had suddenly gotten so busy with something and a few days later when he and his brother gave Umbridge one big f you, I understood with startling clarity. Not only was I pissed that he hadn't thought to tell me that he was leaving, but that I'd need to go through the next two months of school on my own. I hadn't even told him that I was pregnant! I had been coming out of an exam when I had seen the cheering crowd in the courtyard and had naturally gone out to investigate. One of the younger students had told me what had happened and for the second time in one very long week, I felt like someone had pulled the ground out from beneath me. Godric, why couldn't people give me a warning before something like this happened? I was beginning to get tired of these surprises. "Are you alright?" Lee asked as he appeared at my side after shoving his way through the crowd. Looking to my long-time friend, I shook my head before turning my eyes back to the Weasley twins who were flying out of view. Merlin, I did not sign up for any of this. "How long have they been planning this?" I questioned quietly once they were no longer visible. Turning to face Lee, I saw the way his eyes took in my form with evident concern. "Not long," he admitted, "they suddenly decided that they needed to do something big." "And do something big, they did," I muttered as I went to head inside. I grew light headed in an instant. Perhaps it was all of the surprise revelations that I was hearing this week? It was possibly due to the stress of exams? Or maybe it was the lack of sleep I'd had? Ever since my trip to the hospital wing, the baby – our baby – was all I could think about. So much so that I struggled to focus whilst revising, I zoned out in conversations and I'd lost my appetite to eat. But I'd forced myself to do it anyway, knowing that I needed to keep my strength up for the two of us. It seemed like I didn't do as good a job of that as I'd thought. Lee was there within a heartbeat, allowing me to slump against him. Wrapping an arm around my waist, he hurried me inside, "Let's get you back to the common room." "You don't think you can ask Fred to come back, do you?" I asked tiredly as we walked slowly to the common room. Lee would stop every few steps to make sure that I was doing fine – well, as fine as I could do. "There's no chance in hell that he's coming back here with Umbridge here," he said quietly, regretfully, "especially not with the joke shop they're planning on opening up." "But there's something I really need to tell him," I admitted as we approached the common room. Lee announced the password to the Fat Lady and helped me inside as he suggested, "Owl him then – he'll respond as soon as he can." "It's something we need to talk about face to face," I insisted as I took in the empty common room, everyone was still outside cheering. Lee frowned at my words and helped me settle down on one of the sofa. Without thinking, I pressed a hand to my stomach as Lee crouched down in front of me. He took my hand from my stomach, squeezing it gently. "What's going on?" he asked quietly, searching my eyes, "Whatever it is, you can tell me." Biting my bottom lip, I hesitated. I really didn't expect Lee to be the first person I told; I'd thought that that would've been Fred. Godric, I hadn't even told the girls yet because I thought it was something I needed to discuss with Fred – we needed to decide who was allowed to know and who wasn't. Especially because Umbridge would take the chance to expel me in a heartbeat. "You can trust me," he encouraged quietly. "I'm pregnant," I whispered, eyes lowering to the ground. Lee let out a deep breath, rising quickly to his feet. He paced before me for a few moments before sitting down beside me, clearly shell shocked. Still, he reached out to pat my hand reassuringly. "Godric," he muttered under his breath. "I know." Letting out a deep sigh, I leaned my