The shop was always busy whenever the beginning of the school year drew closer. Children who'd come to Diagon Alley with their parents for their supplies always managed to get away from their parents to restock their prank supplies too. Of course, there were those adults who also loved a good prank. After all, I was currently working for one. Looking down at the cardboard box in my hands, I looked back to the swarm of children who were crowding around the now empty shelf which had previously displayed our newest item. Pushing my way through the haggle of children, I apologised as I went, before restocking the shelf in record time. Ducking out of the small group I managed to avoid being attacked by any of the children in their bid to get their hands on the blasted product. I let out a deep breath, blowing away some of the hair that had fallen into my face during the struggle and made my way back to the counter. The door to the shop opened again, the sound of the bell lost amongst the shouts from the children. They parted for the man who, towering over them, scanned the shop before approaching the counter where I was busy wringing up a customer's totals. Sidestepping the line, he perched on the counter, waiting for me to acknowledge him. "What can I do for you, Bill?" I asked without turning my eyes away from the customer. Smiling at the boy who seemed like he was going into his sixth year, I handed him his shopping bag. "I see you've still got school boys trailing after you," Bill said with a chuckle and the poor boy, hearing his words, turned red and hurried out of the shop. Sending Bill a brief look, I turned to the next customer and accepted their products with yet another smile. "What do you want Bill?" "You haven't seen George, have you?" "You mean my boss? The man who promised he wouldn't leave me alone to man the shop but did just that? The man who gave Verity the day off and promised to help me today?" With a roll of my eyes, I said dryly, "He's been gone for about 10 minutes. Once this line's died down a bit I'll duck into the back and tell him you're here to see him." After I had seen to all of the customers, I headed into the storeroom and went off in search of my boss. I found him, like I knew I would, leaning over the table as he peered into the bubbling cauldron which held the beginnings of his newest concoction. I shouldn't have been surprised; whenever he got an idea for a product he claimed that he needed to work on it before he lost the idea. Approaching him, I laid a hand on his back so as not to startle him. "George," I said gently, still managing to startle him, "Your brother's here to see you. Can you leave this – whatever this is – for a while?" "The potion's done for now, I just need to leave it bubbling for an hour or so," he murmured as he straightened up, wiping his hands on the rag lying on the workbench. Turning to face me, he sent me a cheeky wink, "I'm sorry I left you alone for so long." "Oh please." I rolled my eyes, "You say that every bloody time and you do it anyway." Crossing my arms, I cast a curious glance at the cauldron behind him before startling when I heard something crash in the shop. Merlin, it would not do to leave the shop unattended for so long. "Like I said, your brother's here to see you. Now hurry, before one of the kids manages to turn someone into a canary. Again. " "Which brother?" he asked as he followed after me. "Bill," I muttered as I stepped out from the backroom and did a quick assessment of the damage. Thankfully there were no giant canaries running around the shop and after cleaning the broken glass away and checking that none of the children were hurt, I returned to the counter. "So?" Bill said when George approached him. He was clearly in the middle of convincing him to do something, "You're going to come round to the burrow aren't you? You know that mum wants everyone to be there; that includes the girlfriend you've kept hidden for a while." George rubbed at the back of his neck and I rung up the products and silently wondered when George had started dating. "I don't know Bill –" "You told mum you'd bring her with you," Bill reminded him, "Merlin George, you'd better bring her with you or else she'll end up sending me here to check on you again." "Fine, fine." He rolled his eyes, "Now, are you going to buy anything or leave the shop?" "Alright, dear brother," Bill teased as he leaned across the counter and reached out to ruffle George's hair, "I'll leave you alone. Remember to get there on time or she'll send someone after you." As Bill left the store, he silently waved goodbye to me and I turned back to George who was staring contemplatively at his brother's back. I nudged him in the side, bringing him from his contemplation. Without a word, he took over for me and started to deal with the customers. "You shouldn't be so serious," I remarked casually, leaning my back against the counter as I watched him closely. "It doesn't suit you. George Weasley is the most handsome when he's smiling." He smiled, just like I knew he would, and shot me a look before turning his eyes back to the customer. "How is it that you always know what to say?" "I didn't know you were dating anyone," I said after a while, biting the inside of my cheek after I'd said it. "I'm not," he said without any thought. My eyebrows furrowed in confusion and I regarded him curiously, "But you just told Bill that you were dating? And from the sounds of it, your mother thinks you've been dating for a while?" "That's because I've been telling mum that I have a girlfriend." He looked away from the customer for a moment to roll his eyes, "This way I don't need to put up with her horrendous matchmaking attempts." "Well what are you going to do now? Your mother's expecting you to bring your girlfriend to your next family meal?" "Godric knows," he sighed once the line of customers came to an end, "I've gotten myself into a right mess." "And that is why honesty is the best policy." "Is it?" he drawled, turning his eyes onto mine. "No way," I said instantly, recognising the look in his eyes. "Don't even think about it." Snagging one of the boxes that were lying beside the counter, I made myself busy to avoid his pleading eyes. Merlin, he knew just as well as I did that, one look into those eyes and I would do whatever he wanted me to. It was how he'd convinced me to keep working here. "Oh, come on," he pleaded, trailing after me as I walked between the rows of shelves, restocking them as I went, "I'll even give you a raise." "George –" He cut in front of me, halting my progress, "A raise and this weekend off." "You must really hate your mother's matchmaking," I muttered, eyeing him closely. "The shop's closed on Sundays anyway so really you're only giving me Saturday off." And just like that he was grinning, knowing that I'd given in. He snagged the box away from me, taking over and restocking the shelves that I couldn't reach. "Good, and you can use your free weekend to come with me to the burrow." He sauntered away from me and I narrowed my eyes at his back. Merlin, what had I just signed myself up for? "I can't believe I let you talk me into this," I muttered under my breath as we prepared to apparate to the burrow. Sitting on the sofa of George's flat, I watched him as he went through the apartment and moved things from one place to another. He was doing it to drag out time because he thought that the longer we waited, the less attention we'd draw upon arrival. We both knew that it wouldn't work, especially when he'd warned me of how much Mrs Weasley had been wanting to meet his 'girlfriend' – me. "Are you nervous?" I asked watching him as he looked over a piece of paper. Crossing one leg over the other, I watched him look at me with blatant amusement. "Well what else did you expect me to think from the way you're behaving?" "I'm not nervous, I just thought you might be." He tilted his head curiously, "You do realise what situation you're walking into, right?" "Do you want me to help you or not?" "Alright, alright." Crossing the distance towards me, he held out a hand for me and helped me to my feet. "Let's get going then." "Let's," I agreed, doing my best to hide my nerves. "You know," he started as I straightened out my jumper. "If you think that everything's going a bit pear-shaped then just call my mum, 'mum' and you'll be off the hook." "You're joking," I said aghast. He wrapped an arm around my waist, grinning down at me as he apparated us away. Before I could say anything, before I could tell him that I was too unprepared for this, we were standing in the middle of a densely populated room. My eyes widened as I looked around the room, taking in all the redhaired men and I fumbled a little on my feet. George's arm tightened around me to stabilise me, pulling me into him. "I thought you were bringing your girlfriend," Bill said curiously as he approached the pair of us, eyes peering curiously down at me, "Unless there's something you want to tell me, Church?" "Um," I shifted on my feet under his stare, turning a little into George's side. I really wasn't a good liar. "About that –" "I'm sure you understand why we had to keep this a secret," George said smoothly, removing his hand from around my waist to bring it up to massage some of the tension out of my neck. I forced myself to relax into the motion, acting like it wasn't the first time I'd been so close to him. "Because you're dating your employee?" Ginny called out as she approached us and it was in the moment that I knew I was screwed. Merlin how could I have forgotten that she was George's sister? The girl had been in my year at school and whilst we hadn't been the closest people, she'd definitely be able to tell that I was lying in a heartbeat. "She's tried to quit before," George explained, "But I didn't let her. What can I say Gin? I'm hopeless without her." Making a face at his words, I rolled my eyes as I muttered, "We both know that the shop would be plunged into chaos if I left." "That's why I didn't let you go." He smiled down at me and I felt myself grow a little red when one of his siblings pointedly cleared their throat. Ginny stepped forward to take me by the arm, smiling innocently at her brother as she did so, "I'm just going to steal her away for a minute – mum's been dying to see her." Before I could protest, or even try to, Ginny had managed to pull me away from her brother and was leading me, I assumed, towards her mother. Throwing George a pleading look over my shoulder, I slumped a little in defeat when he only shrugged helplessly. Merlin, this was a really