Summer was for visiting my grandmother – it always had been. Even now, at 18, it was still the same. I had arrived last night, tugging my suitcase behind me and ready to occupy her spare room for the next couple of weeks until I packed to head off to university. "Is anyone in?" a masculine voice called out. I furrowed my eyebrows slightly; that voice sounded awfully familiar but I couldn't quite place where I had heard it. Heading towards the front door, I was greeted by the sight of a man who was standing rather awkwardly on the doorstep. I cleared my throat, not letting myself get thrown by how handsome the man was – he was a stranger who had decided it was perfectly alright for him to walk into my grandmother's home. I had told grandma a countless number of times that just because you lived in the countryside, it didn't mean that it was alright for her to leave her front door unlocked. But the stubborn woman never listened, claiming that everyone in the small village knew her and knew not to cross her. "Can I help you?" I asked, crossing my arms as I assessed the admittedly handsome stranger, eyes trailing calculating up and down his form. "I'm looking for Mrs Taylor?" he trailed off, raising his eyes to mine and his eyes widened slightly in surprise. My name left his lips, startling me. "Is that you?" "How do you know –" "Neville, my dear," I heard grandma call as she walked in from the garden, instantly making her way to the front door. She embraced the stranger, or perhaps, the not so unfamiliar man. "I'm glad your grandmother sent you over." "She said you needed some help," he explained, eyes drifting over towards me as he spoke. Grandma looked between the two of us with a mysterious smile. "Why don't leave you two to catch up?" She patted my cheek as she headed further inside the house and called from over her shoulder, "Come and find me when you're finished." "I thought you needed his help," I protested, not quite able to wrap my head around the fact that this man was Neville Longbottom of all people. "It can wait." "Right," I agreed, looking back to Neville and gesturing for him to come in. "Would you like some tea or something?" "That would be great." He cleared his throat, following me as I headed into the kitchen. "I feel like I haven't seen you in ages?" "Grandma spent the last couple of summers in my house," I explained, switching the kettle on as I moved around the kitchen. Neville leaned against the counter, watching me as I moved around the kitchen. Right, the tea. Clearing my throat, I said quietly, "I almost didn't recognise you." "I have changed a bit," he said a little shyly, rubbing the back of his neck. "But I'm still me, still the same Neville." "You're right, you are," I agreed, putting a tea bag into each of the cups and pouring the boiling water into them. He might have looked a little different, but his mannerisms were still the same. He was still the same old Neville. "Although," I eyed the healing scar on his forehead, "I am a little curious about how you got that scar." "This thing," he trailed off, hand rising to cover the scar that disappeared into his hairline. "It's nothing." "What's the matter?" I teased, stirring some sugar into each cup, "Did you get into a fight or something?" "Something like that," he agreed solemnly, taking me by surprise. Adding milk to the tea, I handed Neville's off to him and watched as he brought himself back to reality. Smiling self-consciously at me, he raised the cup to his lips. "So," I dragged out the word to think of a safer topic to guide the conversation back to. "You've graduated from that boarding school right?" He nodded his head as I leaned against the counter beside him, turning to face him. "What's the plan for after school then?" "I'm thinking of becoming a police officer, of sorts." I furrowed my eyebrows, realising how cautiously he had shrugged the sentence together. "Police officer?" I repeated with a hum, "I always considered him more of a teacher." "A teacher?" He shrugged, "Maybe eventually. What about you? What's your plan?" "My plan?" I took a sip of my cooling tea, "I'm heading off to university at the end of summer." "To study what?" "To become a vet." Setting my cup aside, I raised my eyes curiously to his, "I've always loved animals – the same way you love your plants. And speaking of your plants, are you still learning about them?" He shrugged his shoulders slightly, "They've become more of a hobby." Draining the last of his tea, he set his cup down on the counter, "Thanks for the tea, I should probably get around to helping you grandma." "Did you remember me now?" Grandma asked as she walked into the kitchen, eyeing the cups on the counter, "And you didn't even make your grandma some tea? You see a handsome man and forget all about me?" "That's not it," I protested, watching the way grandma shared a wink with Neville who flushed a little. "Well, I can't have you keeping him to yourself – I need him to do some heavy lifting for me." With that, grandma looped her arm through his and started to pull him out of the kitchen. "I guess I'll catch up with you later?" he asked from over his shoulder, "Maybe we can get a drink or something?" "That sounds like a good idea," I agreed, seeing the way grandma grinned at me. I decided not to bring it up any further. Only, the chance to get a drink or do anything with Neville was suddenly snatched away from me. He headed into London the very next day for the training required to become the 'sort of' police officer. Grandma had asked me to send some homemade jam over to Augusta Longbottom's house where I had overheard her saying to someone that he was going through his 'auror' training. Whatever that was. I ran into Neville, coincidentally yet again, two years later following our first reunion. It had been completely by chance, I had been at the village post office, gathering grandma's parcels when I had bumped into someone. The parcel went tumbling from my hands, almost falling to the floor only to land into the arms of the person I had bumped into. "I'm so sorry," I apologised, looking up into the face of the man who had caught the parcel. "Neville?" "It's good to see you again," he said with a grin, refusing to hand the parcel to me when I moved to take it back from him. "I'm guessing that this is important?" "It's grans," I explained, dropping into step beside him as we walked out of the post office and towards our grandmother's homes. "It's something that she's been waiting for, for a while and if I dropped it and it's something important then she'll kill me." He nodded in understanding, "Grandma's can be a bit ruthless." "They can." I glanced up at him, quirking an eyebrow, "So, how's your training going then?" "Ah, I decided that being a police officer isn't for me." He grinned boyishly, stealing some of the breath right from me. "I've taking your advice actually, I had an interview for a teaching position at my old school – I'm just waiting to hear back from them." "I'm sure you'll get it." Setting a hand on his arm, I squeezed it reassuringly, "You'll be a very talented teacher." "What about you then? You've just finished your second year of university?" I nodded, smiling in greeting to some of the village inhabitants as we turned into the street that grandma lived on. Neville looked down at me, asking with slight hesitance, "So you're here for the whole summer then?" "That's the plan. I'm going to be here to help gran for most of the holiday." "Me too." I looked up at Neville, raising an eyebrow, "Are you sure? You ran off without a word last time." He looked a little ashamed, adjusting his hold on the parcel. "I didn't have time to tell anyone. I needed to get back to London quickly and –" "Relax Neville." I rolled my eyes, nudging him slightly. "I was only teasing you." "I kept wanting to contact you," he went on to explain, ducking his head slightly when I glanced up at him. "But then one thing after another kept popping up and I couldn't. Then there was something else that I needed to deal with and then I needed to change careers and then –" "You don't need to explain it to me," I insisted as we came to a stop in front of grandma's house. Crossing my arms, I eyed him playfully. "I know that you're just trying to let me down easily." He was growing increasingly flustered, colour creeping up his cheeks, "That's not it, at all I –" "I'm sorry," I said amidst giggles, "I can't keep teasing you or you might have a heart attack or something. Anyway, if you're here for a while then I guess I'll see you again sometime." "Definitely," he said softly, grinning down at me rather endearingly. "I was thinking about that before I came back home, maybe –" "Yes?" I prompted when he trailed off. From the way that he was speaking and the way he was suddenly avoiding my eyes, I had an idea of what he was going to go on to say. Now if only those words or something similar would leave his mouth, then we could arrange something. "The thing is," he stopped abruptly again, tilting his head downwards to look at his shoes. "Neville?" I ducked down a little, bringing my eyes in level with his. "What is it you want to say?" "The last time I was here, we couldn't follow through with our plans," he trailed off, leaving he meaning hanging and waiting for me to fill in the rest. But I was having fun seeing him squirm a little. What could I say; it was charming and reminded me so much of the boy that I spent my childhood summers with. This Neville standing in front of me looked a little different from that boy, he had a different aura from him, but through and through he was still that fumbling boy. Only in a more confident package. "And what plans were they?" "We agreed to go for drinks?" he cleared his throat a little awkwardly. "Unless you don't want to go for a drink anymore?" "No, I do," I assured him with a smile, holding my arms out for the parcel. He handed the parcel off to me, the smile on his face growing, "But let's actually set up a date this time so you can't bail of me again." "I won't," he stated firmly with a grin that was overwhelming infectious. "How about I pick you up on Friday at 4?" "It sounds like a date," I agreed, stepping towards him to close the distance between us. Rising to my toes, I pressed a kiss to his cheeks before hurrying up the path and into my grandma's home. I glanced out of the window to see Neville tuck his hands into his pockets and head off with a grin. Neville Longbottom – who would've thought? Neville arrived at grandma's doorstep on Friday, at 7 on the dot to take me away. Alright, so maybe he had arrived a little early and grandma had pulled him inside the house and teasingly told him that being seen as eager wasn't always a good thing and he had been held hostage by my grandma until exactly 4 o'clock. "Are