The best part of the summer holiday was getting to sleepover at your best friend's house. Although we all spent the majority of the year together, it felt as if the holidays were too long if you couldn't see your friends during it. That was the reason I found myself spending the night at the Weasley home – or one of them anyway. Roxanne had spent last weekend in my house, visiting parts of the muggle world that she had always wanted to visit. In return, my parents had shipped me off to her home for the weekend, taking Mr and Mrs Weasley up on their offer for me to visit during the holiday. "I'd be careful," Roxie warned as I stepped into her room, "You know what's Fred's like." And because I did know what Fred was like, I conducted a thorough search of the extra bed that had been placed in Roxie's room before searching the entire room. The number of his father's products that had been dotted around the room were countless. Honestly – he was going into his seventh year. What was he doing picking on two, soon to be, fifth years? "Anyway," I said once we knew for certain that the room was clear – Mrs Weasley had even conducted a magic search of the room, just to be safe. "What was the big thing that you needed to talk to me about? Your owl kind of freaked me out a little bit." "That's because you're such a worrier," she insisted with a roll of her eyes, patting my thigh. " You were the one that wrote about what a big emergency it was," I pointed out. "You underlined the words code red three times Roxie – three times. What else was I supposed to do?" She became hesitant, looking around the room and avoiding my eyes, "Well –" "What is it Roxie," I prompted, watching as she began to fiddle with her pillow. "Well – you know Alec Wood?" she trailed off again, fixing her eyes onto the pillow in her lap. She wouldn't raise her eyes to mine. "Of course I know him – the two of you are always getting into arguments in the middle of the Gryffindor common room. Explosive arguments at that." Watching her cautiously, I saw her bite down on her bottom lip. "What about him Roxie?" "He owled me a couple of days ago." She raised her eyes to mine, unsure of how to progress. "And what did he say?" Roxie looked around the room as if she was searching for something. Not finding what she had been looking for, she leaned in closer to me, lowering her voice as she spoke. "He asked me to Hogsmeade." "I knew it," I gasped aloud, startling her. "Don't give me that look Roxie – we all knew it was going to happen eventually. Merlin, this is huge ." Taking her hands in mine, I couldn't help but smile at seeing her so uncharacteristically nervous. "So, what did you say then?" "Nothing." My mouth dropped open slightly. "You're joking." "Not exactly," she winced a little under the weight of my stare. "I just told him that I wasn't going to answer that question over owl." "Roxie," I whined, "What the hell? But then again, this is Alec Wood we're talking about – I doubt he was happy to leave the matter at that." She glanced away from me. "There's something else isn't there?" "Why are you getting so excited about this?" she complained instead of answering my question. "Because I ship you two," I said bluntly. "Now answer my question." "He told me that he'd just have to wait until he could ask me face to face then," she admitted with a self-conscious sort of smile. It would have been impossible to stop the squeal that left my throat, really it would have. That was why I didn't even attempt to. Roxie grew even more embarrassed, taking her hands out of mine. "And what are you going to say when he asks you?" "No, of course," a voice called from the doorway. Roxie rolled her eyes and looked to her brother who stood smirking at her from the now open doorway. "How?" she complained, throwing her hands in the air, "We searched the room three times, Merlin, mum even searched the room. How the hell were you able to hear us?" "Don't get your knickers in a twist, dear Roxie," Fred patronised, stepping into the room and making his way towards the bed. "It's dad's latest invention," he explained holding up a model ear, "It's an improvement on the Extendable Ears. I have one part of the pair and I hid the other in here – it's undetectable by magic and can only be taken out by the castor." "You're so annoying," Roxie complained as Fred sat cross-legged on the bed beside me. I shifted away from him slightly when our knees brushed and moved even further when he threw me his most 'charming' smile. "Why are you even bothering to listen to our conversations?" "How else was I going to find out what little slug is hitting on my little sister?" He looked between the two of us, "Or my adoptive little sister for that matter?" I rolled my eyes at the words, making his smile grow bigger. "You're not allowed to date." "And why the hell not?" Roxie complained instantly. "Because you're too young." "You're acting as if you didn't date in your fifth year," I interrupted, throwing him a look. "Merlin, James even threw a party of celebrate you getting your first kiss." "Is that jealousy I hear," he teased, leaning closer to me, "Don't worry – no one else is quite as pretty as you." I pushed him away from me. Did he realise how contradictory his words were? To him, I was another younger sister – that's what he always said anyway. But then he'd go and say something sweet, just like he did moment's ago. Were all boys so bloody thick? "I'm not 11 anymore, Fred," Roxie threw a glare at her brother, one that seemed to phase everyone else except him. "That doesn't matter." He rose from the bed, looking down at the two of us, "Neither of you are allowed to date this year." "You're not even my brother." My protests fell on deaf ears. "Why did I end up with the most annoying brother in the world?" Roxie complained as Fred shut the door behind him. I suddenly realised something, "Roxie, Fred didn't take the other half of the Extendable Ear with him on his way out – the one that only he can remove." For all of his warning words, neither Roxanne nor I had anticipated that Fred would actually interfere between Alec and Roxie. Or even between me and any other boy, for that matter. Never had we expected for him to involve any of Roxie's other cousins either. Merlin, it was like we were constantly under watch, especially when there were members of their family in every house. Sometimes I hated being considered an adopted Weasley Roxie had already owled her mother about how much of a smother Fred was being and had told me that a howler was on its way. In my opinion, the howler couldn't be here soon enough. I was so close to hexing Fred, especially when he seemed to find something wrong in everything situation I found myself in. I couldn't even sit in the common room, talking to some of my friends. Because, that's all that I had been doing. Once the school day had come to an end, we had all settled down into the Gryffindor common room to bide our time until it was dinner time. I had shrugged out of my robe, sitting down on the sofa as I tried to get comfortable. Crossing one leg over the other, I absentmindedly tapped my foot, listening to Hugo complain about something one of his teacher's had said. The younger boy had spotted his cousin the moment that he had walked into the common room and he had made his way straight towards Roxie to complain. Because, out of his numerous cousins, she was the most likely to listen to him. "What are you talking about?" Fred asked as he walked into the common room with James, eyes instantly settling on the small group of us. Sitting down on the sofa beside me, he draped an arm over the back of the sofa. James settled down across from us and I eyed his hand but said nothing. He raised an eyebrow, "Well?" "Hugo's complaining about his Charms professor," I explained, looking back to the younger boy as I admitted under my breath, "Although I'm not quite sure why he's complaining." Fred nodded, looking back to his younger cousin and engaging him in conversation. Whatever advice Fred gave to the younger boy, it seemed to calm him down and the conversation soon shifted. Roxie and I shared a look – the two dense Weasley boys had no idea that we wanted to talk in private. It seemed like James had some idea as he kept trying to get Fred's attention and trying to convince him to leave. Fred, either playing dumb or being stubborn, remained where he was. Alec had somehow managed to get Roxie alone when none of her male relatives had been around and he had asked her out. We had been planning to talk about their upcoming secret date when Hugo had approached us. It had all gone downhill from there. We'd just have to settle for talking in our dorm. I was still trying to dissuade Roxie from her latest idea – she had suggested that if Alec brought one of his friends with him and I went with Roxie then technically it wouldn't be a date, or even a double date for that matter. I thought it was a stupid idea. Fred cleared his throat roughly from beside me, making me look at him in mild surprise. But he wasn't looking at me. Instead, he was frowning in Hugo's direction and the glare he was aiming at his younger cousin was frightening. Hugo, seeing the glower and seeming to know the reason behind it, grew flustered and cleared his own throat, turning his head to the side momentarily. However, the frown on Fred's face didn't lessen. Not until he had shrugged out of his robe and draped it over me, covering my legs and school skirt. "What –" "Keep your eyes to yourself," Fred interrupted me, giving Hugo a look. "I mean it, Hugo." My eyebrows rose slightly in shock as I looked over at Hugo who was becoming rather embarrassed at Fred's loud words. I frowned back at Fred, who seemed shocked at my reaction – it wasn't as if Hugo meant any harm. Hugo, poor boy that he was, was only in his third year, struggling through the clusterfuck that was puberty. Fred should have been more understanding – we all knew what a rollercoaster puberty could be. "What's wrong with you?" I nudged him in the side, "He didn't mean any harm." "He was gawking at you," he protested, lowering his voice when I glared at him. "You can't seriously be alright with that?" "So, you're telling me that you didn't do that when you were in third year?" He couldn't answer me. "Exactly, Fred, leave him alone and take your bloody robe back." Removing the robe, I dumped them unceremoniously on his lap, only for Fred to drape them over me again. Giving him a look, I removed the robe again – holding them out for him to take. And he did take them. Only to cover my legs again. "Why are you being so annoying?" I demanded, "It's not like I'm the only girl at Hogwarts wearing a bloody skirt – it's part