Working as a healer was a rewarding job – everyone knew that. Bringing a patient back from the brink of death, was always the most gratifying thing I could have chosen to do with my life. And I had never thought that I would find myself working somewhere other than St. Mungo's. But here I was, appointed as the new team healer for the Montrose Magpies. It had seemed like it would have been fun, but that was before I remembered just how prone quidditch players were to getting injured. And, as the only team healer, they were all my responsibility. Merlin, if that wasn't frightening. Maybe when I was a little further along, I could speak to the manager about hiring another healer because with the number of players – from both first team and reserves – the numbers were bordering on 30 and that was just too many people for me to handle on my own. But I pushed the thought aside for now and instead focused on the current quidditch player who was standing in front of me, on the scale. The players were all to report to my office which was tucked away in the corner of their training ground, for a general fitness check. Recording the weight of the player and his muscle to fat ratio, I allowed him to return to his training. "Oh, and Mr Maddock," I called out after the chaser who turned back to me with a slightly sheepish grin. He knew what I was going to say already, "The diagnostic spell brought up your weak knee again, and I know it's difficult to do but please try not to fall on that knee again? You might find yourself unable to play for the rest of the season. And well, seeing as the season hasn't officially started yet, you might not want that to happen." "Merlin knows Campbell would kill me," he agreed, shuddering at the thought of the team's rather frightening manager. "I'll take your advice, is there anything else?" I briefly glanced down at the patient chart clipped to my clipboard, and shook my head. "That looks like that's it. Please send the next player in," I said with a smile. He nodded, ducking out of my office as I placed his patient chart in his medical folder. I shook my head, looking through his chart; why did they all have so many broken bones? Merlin, their captain was the worst; he seemed to think it was some sort of accomplishment that he had broken the majority of the bones in his body at least once. Honestly, they acted so tough and brushed off a broken bone like it was nothing but the moment you asked them to drink a Skele-gro potion, they turned into babies. Men. Getting another clear patient chart, I attached it to my clipboard as the next player walked into the room. I kept my back to him as I rummaged through my potions drawer to find more of the potions used to test their blood sugar levels. "If you don't mind making yourself comfortable," I said absentmindedly, "I'll be with you in a moment." Pulling the potions out of the drawer with a triumphant grin, I pushed my glasses further up my nose and turned back to my newest patient. I took one look at the man sitting down, waiting for the examination to begin, and recognised him from our time at Hogwarts. Without asking him for confirmation, I filled out his name at the top of the form. "So, Mr Davies," I started conversationally, rounding the desk to lean against it. "This isn't your first check up since you've joined the team so you already know what it entails. I'm going to run some very basic tests on you and get a basic idea of your overall fitness." "Go ahead, Sanford," he responded, recognising me too. He grinned up at me and I rolled my eyes when our gaze met. "I'm at your mercy." "We'll start with some questions about your lifestyle," maintaining the professional tone to the meeting, I cleared my throat, "According to your medical history you've had all of the necessary jabs and potions that you're required to take, but have you had the booster jabs and potions?" He nodded and I noted it down quickly. "Are you still a non-smoker? Ok, good. And your weekly alcohol consumption?" "My tolerance hasn't increased since we were at Hogwarts." I couldn't help but laugh a little, remembering how often he had gotten so smashed following one of the after quidditch parties and had needed help walking up the stairs to his dorm room. "So practically non-existent then," I teased. "That sounds about right," he grinned back, and rose to his feet when I gestured for him to do so. "Step onto the scale for me." He followed the instruction well and I wrote the number down before running a spell on him to generate his muscle to fat ratio. My quick-quotes quill noted the number down and I peered down at it, eyebrows rising. "You've put on muscle since your check up last year." "I worked hard to," he said, stepping off from the scale, "it makes me more handsome, don't you think?" "I just hope you're doing it in a healthy way," I remarked, without responding or commenting on the gradually flirtatious tone that was creeping into his voice. He never learned, did he? Walking back to my desk, I opened a new packet that contained a sterilised needle and he held out his hand for me before I could ask. Pricking the end of his finger, I let a few drops of his blood fall into two separate potions; one to check his cholesterol level and one to check his blood pressure. Whilst the potions started to work, I magicked my tape measure out of the drawer and approached him in silence. I took a measure of his waist, ignoring the way he was staring down at me. Davies was just waiting to say something to shatter the silence. And just like I knew he would, he spoke, "The number of my fans that would die to be this close to me, but here you are, completely unaffected. Merlin Sanford, you've always been bad for my ego – ever since we met." "Well that's just because I'm not your fan – Maddock's more my type." Davies frowned but said nothing as I wrote down the measurement and checked on the potions. Everything was normal, nothing out of the ordinary. "That looks like it's it," I said with finality. I expected him to leave my office just as the other players had but he hung around, looking for something to say. "Yes?" "How did you end up working here anyway?" I raised an eyebrow, "I applied, what else?" "But when we were at Hogwarts you were going to go on to create medicinal potions?" He was quick to add, "Not that I'm not happy to see you again." "I decided that I preferred this." I shrugged, "But what about you? Weren't you going to go off and work for the ministry?" "Well someone told me to do what I want, rather than what's expected of me." Smiling slightly, I lowered my eyes to the clipboard in my hands, pretending to be engrossed in the chart. "Well, that someone's glad you listened to them." Quidditch games were unnecessarily rough. There was really no necessity for the players to be flung off their brooms and plummet to the ground, only to reappear on their brooms somehow. The players on the team were especially careless when it came to their health and as I watched Maddock fall of his broom, I prepared to deliver the dreaded call that he wasn't to play for the rest of the season. But, in an instant, one of the other players caught him on his broom and flew Maddock back to his waiting broom. I rolled my eyes as I watched, counting in my head the number of players who'd need to pay a visit to the healer's bay that was hidden deep in the stadium. Right now, the two beaters were barely keeping themselves in one piece and were bound to be waiting for me in the ward when I got there. There was also the seeker who'd taken a rather dangerous looking bludger to the head. I had tried to tell the manager that he needed to come off the pitch in case he had a concussion but all he had done was call a timeout for me to check if the seeker did have a concussion. He hadn't. And that was why he was back onto the pitch. My eyes strayed to the chaser who flew towards the opponent's goal posts, body practically touching the broom as he tried to avoid the bludgers that were being flung his way. Davies threw the quaffle and just as it left his hand, he took a bludger to the side. The force of it almost threw him from his broom but he held on tight, righting himself and flying back into the thick of it. One of the seekers caught the snitch and the whistle was blown, the game came to an end. I rose to my feet, not sticking round to see who won the match. Walking down the stands, I headed inside the stadium and made my way to the healer's bay where the healer from the opponent's team was already setting up. Pulling my wand from my pocket, I levitated my things out from my medical bag which was already waiting for me in the ward. I did a quick count of the potions and ingredients, making sure that I had everything I needed because you never knew how serious a seemingly small injury could be. "That was a good game," the other healer said, interrupting me as I checked everything over. "You're saying that as if we were the one playing," I said with a smile, taking my gasses out of my pocket and putting them on. I raised a potion to my eyes so I could read the label before setting it aside. "Quidditch is much too exciting for me," he confided, "That and my vertigo is extreme." I winced, "It's probably better for you to avoid anything to do with heights then." "Which is a shame, because I love quidditch," he said with a little laugh and I found myself smiling at the sound. "Doesn't everyone?" He didn't get the chance to answer the question as the players were brought into the ward; some on their own feet, others being carried in by members of the team. What was the point of getting so injured over a game? Surely they valued their health more than this? We, the two healers, stayed close, watching with equally disapproving expressions as the players from our teams were brought in because it really was extremely disappointing when you kept fixing someone up but they only returned even more broken. Just as I had predicted, the two beaters were being helped into the room by two players each and I silently pointed to the empty beds. The beaters grinned rather bashfully and I rolled my eyes before looking to Davies who was the last to walk into the room. His eyes scanned the room and once they landed on me, they shifted to the healer by my side and eyed him dirtily. I frowned but said nothing. Tucking my hands into my pockets, I approached the two beaters. But before I dealt with them, I cast a diagnostic charm on the four players that had escorted them inside and only when I was certain that they were healthy, did I sent them on their way. "Right," I muttered as I stared down at the results from the diagnostic charm that I cast on the beaters. Between the