My first thoughts that I had after waking up was that the weather was going to be horrendous. I only needed to listen to the way the lake water was lapping angrily against the windows of our dorm. Daphne who was already awake, threw the windows a disgruntled look. Pushing my duvet away, I made my bed with a wave of my wand before beginning to get ready for the day. Pansy was the last to wake up and she threw a questioning glance towards the empty bed. Millicent had always been one to wake up early. "Did you know," Daphne began casually making Pansy and I share a look as we changed into our uniform. "What is it this time Daphne?" Tracy asked as I looped my tie around my neck. "I heard something through the grapevine," Daphne said defensively, turning away from the windows to look at the rest of us. "What is the entire common room gossiping about this time?" Pansy muttered dryly, watching as I searched my bedside table for a hair tie. She rolled her eyes, snagging one from her own table and throwing it towards me. I caught it with a thankful smile, tying my hair into a ponytail. "Rumour has it that Blaise has a crush." And for once, one of the so-called rumours Daphne always told us, had managed to surprise every single one of us. "Blaise Zabini has a crush ?" I repeated questioning, "The same Blaise who's notoriously secret about his private life?" "Well who's the lucky bitch?" Pansy asked trying to find her wand. Sitting on the edge of my bed to fasten my shoes, I looked up suddenly when Daphne sounded far too pleased as she announced, "Pucey." "Pucey as in me ?" I questioned dryly, "or Pucey as in my brother." Daphne gave me a flat look, not appreciating that I wasn't taking her seriously. "Honestly, Daph, have you learnt to not listen to any of the rumours that circulate around the common room? Or to at least take them with a pinch of salt?" The blond-haired witch, tossed her hair back with a humph. "You could be a little more excited about having bagged him." "I haven't bagged anyone," I reminded her. Rising to my feet I shrugged into my robe, looking to Pansy who was trying to humour Daphne, "Do you not remember the last rumour to come out of this so-called grapevine? They claimed that Pansy was in love with Draco and was chasing after him." Pansy made a face like she'd sucked a lemon and Tracy laughed. "They couldn't have been more wrong. Pans was pining over that Hufflepuff. Which one was it again?" "Smith," I supplied making Pansy groan and grab her pillow. She threw it at Tracy, knocking the girl back onto her bed. "I thought we agreed we weren't going to bring that up again." "Who could resist when it's such good ammunition," Daphne said, giving up trying to bring the conversation back to Blaise's supposed crush. "Merlin, the way you ran away from Smith whenever he was in the same room was something to see." I stifled a laugh, remembering the way she had tried to set her robes on fire when, after dropping them, Smith had picked them up to give to her. She had been so convinced that he had put her under some sort of spell and had even thrown a party in the common room to celebrate her freedom when she got over her crush. "Is Millie waiting for us?" I asked instead of bringing up more of Pansy's embarrassing memories. The girl was a dirty fighter and she was only bound to retaliate by bringing up our darkest memories. "She left early to walk around the grounds but promised to keep our seats for us," Daphne said and we all began to hurry to finish getting ready, "We should probably get going. We don't want her to wait for us." Once we were all dressed, we headed into the common room and apparently the fifth-year boys had decided to go the same. Daphne, upon seeing them walking towards the exit, nudged me and I rolled my eyes. Before she could do something stupid like trying to make me walk beside him, I dropped back to walk beside Pansy and engaged her in a conversation. Despite Daphne's planning, we exited the common room before the boys were even partway through the room. And before she could suggest that we waited a little longer, I reminded her that Millicent was waiting for us and we were on our way to the great hall. Upon entering the great hall, we headed straight to the Slytherin table and found Millicent who was sat alone, saving our seats. I settled down beside her and began to help myself to some toast when the fifth-year boys filtered into the great hall. When they arrived to the Slytherin table, they sat down beside us and I intentionally made sure not to look towards Daphne when Blaise settled down beside me. I didn't even bother to greet the boy as I searched the table for the strawberry jam that I always started the day with. I eventually found it, on the other side of Blaise. Crabbe reached out to take the jam, only to recoil when Blaise slapped his hand away from the jar. Cradling his hand against his chest, Crabbe gave Blaise a searching look before shrugging and turning away. Blaise picked up the jam jar and before I could ask for it, he handed the jar to me. My eyebrows rose in surprise as I took it from him. "Otherwise you'll ask me for it," he said bluntly, turning back to his own food, "and I want to eat my food in peace." "Did I tell you to pass it to me?" I asked coldly, raising an eyebrow as I saw Daphne mouth 'I told you so' from the corner of my eye. "Magic exists for a reason." Once we were finished with breakfast, we very reluctantly made our way towards our Potions classroom. Whilst we certainly got away with a lot more because we were Slytherins, Snape seemed to have tightened his reigns this year because O.W.L.s were just around the corner. His tolerance had certainly decreased a lot and we found ourselves trying not to get on his bad side. Merlin, if we felt like this then what did the rest of the houses feel like? We entered the classroom, heading towards our normal seats at the back of the room. Or rather, that had been my plan until Daphne started her interfering again. She was blatantly trying to get me to sit at a different table so Draco, who after being pestered by Daphne, would send Blaise to sit next to me. I was vehemently refusing, glaring at her. "I'd sooner sit next to Goyle," I hissed, as the boys took to their seats. "Don't overreact," Daphne insisted, making me sit at the desk. This witch was going to get a hex soon. I went to rise from the table to go to my normal desk when Blaise crossed the classroom and sat himself in the empty seat beside me. Merlin, if I got up to leave now then I risked being rude. But I could live with that. Snape walked into the classroom, looking around with a glare and I sighed, resigning myself to sitting in this ridiculous seat. Millicent giggled from the desk behind us and I turned slightly, glaring at her. She quietened down and I turned back to the front of the classroom where Snape told us the potion we'd need to brew and that we would be working in pairs for the lesson today. "Why are you being so quiet Pucey?" Blaise asked as the students around us began to get to work. They crowded around the ingredients and I decided to hang back a little and wait until the crowd died down. "Maybe I don't want to talk to you," I drawled quietly, putting my chin in my hand as I looked across the room. "Really?" He didn't sound convinced, "Because from the way you're avoiding even looking in my direction, anyone would think that you're interested in me." I couldn't help but scoff. "Has someone cast a confundus on you?" I was determined to work in silence after that as I turned to the correct page in my textbook. Blaise told me that he was going to get our ingredients and I simply nodded. Lighting the flame, I placed the cauldron on top of the stand, closely monitoring the heat. Blaise returned to the desk, depositing the ingredients and we silently got to work. He began to shred the Valerian sprigs before adding them to the cauldron, stirring it four times in a counter clockwise direction and looking out for the change in colour. Satisfied, he nodded and turned to work on the next direction. I waited the time specified in the textbook before adding our blades of Goosegrass. Waiting for the potion to turn a reddish colour, I stepped away from the table to retrieve the 'tooth of wolf' that Blaise had forgotten. I shouldn't have left the table. I should have stayed where I was to watch Blaise reach for the Goosegrass. But I didn't get to the table in time. By the time I reached the desk, he was already throwing the Goosegrass into the cauldron. "I've already added the Goosegrass," I protested, hurrying to his side. I waited anxiously to see what would happen and Blaise raised an eyebrow, looking back to the cauldron. "There doesn't seem to have been an adverse reaction," he murmured, peering into the cauldron. I followed his lead. Looking into the cauldron, I watched the potion turn a darker shade of red as it began to bubble violently. Blaise took in a deep breath, reaching out to take my hand and pulling me away from the desk until we bumped into the table behind us. Millie's cauldron wobbled from the impact and before she could ask what was going on – our cauldron exploded. With a shriek of surprise, I brought my hands up to shield my face. I wasn't the only one to shout at the sudden sound and once the noise died down, the classroom was deathly silent. I opened my eyes, looking hesitantly towards the front of the classroom where Snape was making his way towards us. Salazar, this was the last thing I needed. "Miss Pucey, Mr Zabini, do you enjoy making a scene in my classroom?" Snape waved his wand, clearing the mess away quickly. "Detention tonight." I watched as Snape walked away from our desk and frowned. From beside me, Blaise sighed and removed the shielding charm he'd cast. Snape's version of detention turned out to mean cleaning cauldrons by hand. Merlin, he'd taken our wands from us so we wouldn't be tempted to try using magic and, faced by the seemingly never-ending pile of cauldrons, I wanted to cry. We'd be here for hours. The first hour passed in a stifling silence which neither of us were willing to break. The only sound was that of the brushes rubbing against the cauldrons as we scrubbed them clean. As I finished with one, I set it aside and rose to my feet to collect another. I reached out to take it when Blaise took hold of the same one. My eyes rose to his, waiting for whatever he so clearly wanted to say. "You know, I'm sick of you acting like this is my fault," he declared and before I could tell him that I didn't think it was his fault, he carried on without missing a beat, "if anything you're just as at fault as I am. If you had told to me that you'd already added the Goosegrass then none of this wouldn't