The news that Voldemort was dead took a while to travel to the remotest parts of the castle, but it reached the great hall quickly. A stillness followed the announcement, everyone desperately wanting to believe the news but having the slightest bit of doubt in their minds. But once the first group of people began to celebrate, so did the rest of the hall. Some were eager to make their happiness known but others could only seem to focus on those we had lost. This entire war had left a bitter taste in my mouth; I had left Hogwarts 2 years ago and had started my life outside of the school. In those two years the children had been forced to take up arms against an ever growing threat and because of their defiance, many were lying on the floor now. My best friend included. The celebrations continued on around me and I was pulled into a hug by Ginny. She squeezed me tight but it wasn't a hug to celebrate the victory. I squeezed my arms around to let her break down in my arms for even a little. She had been so strong during the battle and was the only one in her family to not cry when she received the news about Fred. But now she broke down into tears in front of my eyes. I did my best to comfort her but most of my attention was focused George's tear marked face as he fell to his knees beside Fred. Rubbing soothing circles on Ginny's back I watched as Molly set a hand onto George's shoulder. She squeezed his shoulder and George rose to his feet, shrugging her hand away and walking silently through the great hall. "Go after him," Molly said, meeting my eyes. Taking Ginny into her arms, she consoled her daughter. I glanced between Ginny and George. "Go, he needs you right now." Following George through the great hall I manoeuvred my way through the crowd and into one of the now severely damaged hallways. He walked through the castle, in a route familiar to the two of us, still unaware of my presence. He sat down outside the Gryffindor common room, in front of the empty frame that should have contained the Fat Lady. With a deep sigh, he dropped his head in his hands and I stood a metre or so away from him, wondering if I should approach him. Making up my mind, I walked over and silently sat down beside him. I was waiting for him to do something. Feeling the brush of my shoulder against his, he looked up at me and I caught a flash of his red rimmed eyes. He quickly buried his head in his hands again, avoiding my searching eyes. "He died doing something he loved," I murmured, choosing to break the silence between us. When my words had carried over to him, he looked up at me, his eyes fixing me into place. "Yeah? And what was that?" He asked angrily, his eyes hardening so much that I could hardly see the remains of the old George Weasley no matter how much I searched for them. I couldn't find the George Weasley that I was in love with. "Fighting?" "Of course not." I looked down at my hands that I was clasping tightly in my lap; I hadn't had the chance to cry over Fred yet. "He died laughing Georgie." George nodded, staring off into the space ahead of us. A few minutes of silence passed between us until George turned his head into my neck. Feeling the tears fall onto my skin, I ran a hand through his hair with a heavy sigh. Letting my hand run through his hair over and over again, I allowed George manoeuvre me onto his lap with my legs wrapped around his waist. He burrowed himself into my neck, trying to disappear completely into me as his tears fell even more rapidly. I let my hands wrap around his chest and returned his embrace by pressing my face into his neck. Only then did I let my tears fall. I had no idea how long we had sat there, wrapped up in each other but at some point George had cried himself dry and had subsequently fallen asleep. If I moved, I might have woken him up and so I stayed where I was. At the sound of approaching footsteps, I looked up at Charlie who made his way towards us. Squatting down beside us, he looked at George with sad eyes, "When did he fall asleep?" "A little while ago," I said removing myself from around George who, as if sensing my movement, let out a slight moan of protest. Charlie moved forward to pick up George, obviously not wanting to wake him up. He kneeled in front of George and I helped him manoeuvre George onto his back. Reaching his arms round to steady George on his back, Charlie rose to his feet. "I should take him to mum," Charlie said, "She's waiting in the great hall." "Alright." He walked down the stairs and paused halfway, turning to look back at me, "How are you holding up?" "I'm ok," I said quietly. I would have to be. A few weeks had passed since the battle of Hogwarts and I was struggling to return to the life I lived before it had happened. I had lost so much in the space of a day and it was as if I was suffering from a loss of motivation regarding work and other aspects of my life. I was returning from work when I spotted an owl flying outside of the window, waiting for me. Opening the window, I recognised the owl instantly. Pig? Once I had given Pig an owl treat, he flew away before I could even open the letter. Opening the envelope, I scanned the letter quickly and once I had reached the end of it, I walked over towards my fireplace. Grabbing a handful of floo powder, I headed for the burrow. Arriving at the burrow, I dusted some of the soot off of my clothes and took my coat off. Setting my coat on the back of one of the sofas, I listened for the sound of someone but it seemed like everyone was still at work. Hearing small sounds of movement from the kitchen I walked into the kitchen to see Molly busy at work. "Molly?" At the sound of my voice, Molly glanced back at me and ushered me into the kitchen to sit down. "I'm glass you're here, I didn't know if you'd get the letter in time or not." "Your letter said that you wanted my help," I said looking up at the older woman who had made me a cup of tea. Taking the mug from Molly I watched her sit opposite me. "But I don't understand what it is that you want me to do Molly." "I explained to you in the letter what he's been acting like, didn't I?" At my nod she let out a deep sigh, "We've all tried dear, but he's unreachable. Maybe you could just talk to him." I raised the mug to my lips and looked at the older witch. "If none of you could help him then what makes you think I could help? Not that I'm not willing to help, that is." "When I went up to give him some food, he asked for you. He hasn't seen you since that day." Molly looked up at me, her eyes pleading desperately with me. This woman in front of me, this mother lion who had already lose one son, wouldn't survive losing another. "Will you do it?" "Of course, I'll try my best." Reaching over the table to put a hand on top of mine, she beamed at me. "Thank you." When I had finished my tea, I rose to my feet and slowly made my way through the burrow. Pausing outside the twin's old room, I knocked on the door once and waited for a response. There was none. Pushing the door open I stepped into the room and watched him carefully. Approaching Fred's old bed, I sat beside the sleeping boy. Brushing some of his hair away from his face I went to rise to my feet. I'd come back again later. Taking a step away from the bed, I froze when a hand took a hold of my own. Looking over my shoulder I saw him blink sleepily up at me. "George?" Sitting up, he rested his back against the headboard and rubbed the sleep away from his eyes. "What are you doing here?" "Molly said that you asked for me, so she wrote to me." My eyes moved over his face; taking in his sallow complexion and the dark bags under his bloodshot eyes. "Merlin George you look terrible." "Thanks." He snorted. "I haven't been able to sleep since the – since he –" "You haven't been able to sleep in almost a month," I supplied for him when it became obvious that he wouldn't be able to finish his sentence. Almost instantly I was overwhelmed with a sense of guilt; I'd just woken him up. "It's not your fault," he said as if he was able to read my mind. He ran a shaky hand over his face, sighing into his hands. "I've been having nightmares – maybe if I had been by his side, like I always should have been then, then maybe he'd still be here. Maybe he'd still be alive." I helped him lie down again, not sure how to respond to his words. Tucking the blanket back around him, I murmured a quiet, "You need to get some sleep George." "Will you stay with me then?" he asked hopefully, holding my arm again. "George, I don't think that –" "Please?" He used the arm he was holding to pull me down. I perched on the side of the bed and looked back at George. "Fine," I said with a roll my eyes, "But move over; this is a single bed." George shuffled away slightly and I slid under the covers, turning my back to George who looped an arm around my waist and smothered a yawn in my neck. "Maybe you'll be able to keep the nightmares away." I settled back against him and his grip on me tightened. A busy day of working on my feet caught up to me and I found my eyes drifting shut. I had always been a light sleeper and so was woken by the slightest of things. "George are you- oh " I woke with a start and looked to Mrs Weasley who was standing in the open door. Realising the positon I was in, I removed myself from George's arms. "He said that he hasn't slept well since the battle," I explained slowly through half lidded eyes. Molly nodded in understanding. "Alright," She said gently, "I'll send breakfast up when he's woken up." Breakfast? I looked out of the window and sure enough it was the next morning. Pulling the blanket back, I went to get out of the bed. "Stay with him." Molly said making me look up at her. She closed the remaining distance between her and the bed and swept some of George's hair gently off of his forehead. "I haven't seen him this at ease since before the battle." I nodded silently and lied down once again when Molly left the room. It's not like I had work today, anyway. My life had started to shift. My days used to revolve around work, my family and friends, but there was now the added factor of George Weasley. Most days I would leave work and head straight to the burrow and up to George's old room. Molly insisted that my visits were helping him and I would be lying