Chapter One And so like leaves in winter, we too must change... The winter winds blew bitter in the dark of night, and there was no fire to keep them warm. Nor would there be rest, this night or many more to come. A darkness was coming, something fowl and without mercy. And in her heart, she knew there was no stopping it. But perhaps she could spare the life of one from the danger that was to come. "Alaya, make haste my love!" The figure of the child emerged from the shadowed door of the hut, her eyes and vivid green, hair shining like fire embers even in the dark of night. A bay stallion stood tied to the post just feet away, and without waiting the woman lifted her daughter from the ground and placed her upon the back of the horse. "There is a great darkness coming, Alaya. You must ride to the east," she explained, knowing there wasn't time for long explanations. "into Rhovanion. Look for the Grey Mountains and stop only when you reach the river. Do you understand?" Alaya looked at her mother from atop the back of Caladain, who stomped his foot in an impatient manor. He too knew something was off, and his nervousness was easily sensed by the child. "Can you not come with me mama?" she asked, the fear she tried so hard to fight back becoming evident when her voice gave way between her words. Her mother's eyes, normally just as vividly green as Alaya's own, were clouded with tears and dull now as she tried to hide the pain from her daughter. Only eight winter's old...it was unfair she should witness such darkness at her age. "I am afraid not, little one," she whispered softly, taking her daughter's hands into her own. "But we will see each other again someday. This I swear to you, with everything I have. Now you must be brave, and do as I say. Will you make me this promise, Alaya?" For her age, the child was smart. And she had clear understanding that this time she must listen to her mother. She nodded then and squeezed her hands as tightly as she could. "Yes mama." Pulling away then, her mother moved back to their home and from the ground outside she lifted a pack and a long sword in a sheath. It was far too large for Alaya, but she must provide her daughter some protection. "Take special care of this, my love. For it will protect you so long as you trust in the blade." Alaya recognized the sword instantly, and her heart hurt as memories tugged at her mind then. Father...Elenion... An eerie glow caught their eye from the north, and the sound of screams confirmed what her mother had said. Darkness had come. She must go now. "Remember what I said, Alaya. I love you. Now go!" "Mama..." Alaya's tears fell then as Caladain jumped and began to run. It was all she could do to hold onto him as he ran from the threat, and her mother. When she disappeared into the darkness, her mother turned then. The creatures had descended upon their village, and one came straight for her. Its teeth yellowed and crooked, but clear in the dark as the light of the moon came into view at last. "Guren níniatha n'i lû n'i a-govenitham..." My heart shall weep until I see you again... And with that final whisper, the blow came, and her time ended. ****** Shivering in the cold, Alaya barely touched the food her mother had packed for her. Her heart ached with a sorrow she had never known before now. Somehow she knew, without any doubt, she would never see her mother again. Not until she entered the undying lands that her father had once told her about. Her hand traced the lining on the sword's sheath as her mind returned to her previous thoughts. She had no more tears to cry, but still her heart wept. This was not her first dealing with death. Both her father and brother had long ago left this world, when Alaya was but five winter's old. They had been ambushed while out on a hunting trip with many others to find food for the village, but none had come back alive. The few remaining men of the village had gone to find them, and came back with the news. That was when the sword had been returned to them. Elenion had reached his fifteenth summer that year, and was proud when their father had given him the sword. Alaya remembered watching in amazement for hours as her brother had practiced wielding it. She had been told he had died valiantly, protecting others, and in her heart she believed it to be true. Elenion had been the protective type, and it was that way she would always remember him. Just as she would her mother and father as well. After all, her memories were really all she had left. At least they would be a comfort in her time of solitude. ****** The sound of voices woke her with a start. It had been days since Alaya had lost everything, but exactly how long she couldn't say. Time had lost meaning as she rode for the mountains, and she was unsure if she had even been going the right way. She had only stopped to sleep when she found a large, hollow log that seemed safe enough. Now she wished she had kept moving. "I'm telling you, I smell something here!" The voice was loud and gruff, and Alaya stayed as quiet as she could. But she shook, that much she could not stop. Something in those words was terrifying, and told her she was in trouble. Caladain was nowhere in sight from the log, as the light of a full moon shown in the dark. He must have been frightened away, and this struck even more fear into Alaya. She backed slowly toward the end of the log farthest from the voices, hoping to run before they could figure out her hiding place. From the other end, two pairs of feet came into view and in that moment she stopped, holding her breath as she waited. But for what, she couldn't say. "I seen a horse run off into the woods, and I still smell something," one figure growled. "It's the stink of elf scum if ever I've smelled it," the other retorted, the same voice she heard before. Elves? she thought to herself. Her father had told her of elves before, in many a bedtime story. They amazed her like no others had. But where was she, that elves would be close by? Alaya had no time to think of such things. She had to escape, and fast. Could she outrun these figures? She doubted it. But she was small, and that could be an advantage if she could find somewhere to hide. "We haven't got time to waste," the second figure snapped out. "Our master has little patience and I'm not taking a whipping for your insistence on chasing something that ain't there!" Their argument persisted, but they moved away from the log then. Alaya waited, not daring to breathe until she was sure it was safe. She moved toward the back of the log and crawled out carefully. Make for the woods, she told herself. At least there you have a chance to disappear into the trees. But she had no chance. A snarl and outcry of "THERE!" told her she hadn't waited long enough. Doing the only thing she could, she ran for the sword. It was heavy but her adrenalin ran, giving her just enough strength to pull the blade free before she saw the creatures she was up against. In her heart she knew then, that this was the darkness her mother had spoke of before. There were three of them, and they each held blades and twisted, evil smirks upon their faces. "Look boys," the middle one sneered, jesting his sword just inches away from Alaya's middle. "A midnight snack." "And here I was thinking we wouldn't have meat for days!" the one on the right growled, licking his lips as he stared intently and advanced upon her. Doing as she had seen Elenion demonstrate many times in the past, Alaya found her strength and swung the blade. To her surprise she felt it make contact, and the arm of the creature hit the ground with a thud. A cry of pain and outrage came from its throat as it shirked back, only to be replaced with the one from the left. It was quicker than the first and grabbed her by the throat, lifting her from the ground and causing her to drop her sword in shock. "You're gonna pay for that, girl," it growled, dangerously low as its yellow eyes caught hers. Alaya felt her windpipe begin to cave in as the creature tightened its grip, her air supply leaving her though she continued to struggle for a breath. But in her mind she told herself it was alright to let go. At least I will be with them again... But the Valar smiled down upon her then, as something whipped past her face and into the skull of the creature holding her captive. His release ceased and he fell to the ground, as did Alaya who coughed and gasped for breath as she looked at the body of her attacker on the ground. An arrow stuck out of his head, and more flew from the forest behind her, killing the other two instantly. She looked up, when she could breathe normally again, to see who had come to her rescue. Were they friend, or foe? From the trees they emerged. Three figures on horseback, the one in the middle holding the bow from which the arrows had been released. He lowered himself from his saddle and moved over to her slowly, and as he approached Alaya took in his appearance. He stood tall, with long blonde hair fixed to show a sign of royalty. His footfalls were light, undetected, and were she not facing him she would never have noticed his approach. His clothing was green and he bore a cloak along with a quiver of arrows on his back, where he then placed the bow before kneeling to the ground. "Are you injured, young one?" his voice was soft, calming. Alaya, for the first time in many days, found herself at ease in his presence. "N-no," she managed to say, and took his hand when he offered it out to stand herself up. "Thanks to you, I am without harm." His smile told her she was safe, though the fact that he had come to her rescue had already confirmed that fact in her mind. "What is your name, henig? " my child. "Alaya," she told him then, looking wearily at the bodies on the ground before she turned to the male before her. It was then her eyes fell upon his ears. He was an elf, like those in the stories. Disbelief fell over her then. She never, in her short life, imagined she would ever meet one. Yet here she was, in dept to a member of the very race she had so loved to learn about. "Where is the rest of your company, Alaya?" the elf asked, and it was then that her sadness returned. She bit her lip, moving to pick up her sword, only to find she lacked strength to return it to its sheath. "My village was attacked." Her voice was soft, and she prayed silently to the Valar she wouldn't break into tears again. "My mother...the darkness took her away. She was all I had." The elf had moved to her side while she spoke, and gently cleaned her blade of the black blood before placing it