Rita Skeeter was a witch who remembered every insult and every misdeed against her – no matter how small or insignificant. She was also a patient witch and would gain her revenge when she could, even when it took her years to achieve. Luckily for Rita her position as a reporter gave her plenty of opportunity to wreak her revenge on those who in her eyes had wronged her. Over the years Rita had settled many scores via her writing and she'd ruined many an enemy with her sharp words and vicious articles. However, there was one witch she'd yet to get even with. The one witch who had gotten under her skin like no other. The witch who had bested her at only fifteen years old – Hermione Granger. Rita still simmered with anger every time she thought about Hermione, even though fifteen years had passed since the incident. It had been during The Triwizard Tournament, and it had been Rita's first opportunity to really write about 'The Boy Who Lived', Harry Potter. It was through Harry that Hermione had entered her radar, and eager for gossip as Rita had always been, she'd wrote a few less than flattering articles about the young witch as she seemed to be involved with both Harry and his fellow champion, Bulgarian quidditch star, Viktor Krum. Unfortunately for Rita she'd sorely underestimated Hermione and the young witch had discovered her most sordid secret – she was a secret animagi and used her animal form as a beetle to listen to juicy bits of gossip. Somehow Hermione had managed to catch Rita in her bug form and she'd subsequently blackmailed the reporter into stopping her reports on both her and Harry or else she would report her secret. Left with no choice, Rita had backed off but she'd never forgiven Hermione and had vowed that one day she would get her revenge. However, getting revenge had been harder than Rita had anticipated as within three years of her run-in with Hermione, the young witch was being hailed a war heroine for her part in defeating Voldemort. Along with Harry and their other best friend, Ron Weasley, Hermione made up the so called 'golden trio', and the general wizarding public wouldn't hear a word said against them. As annoying as it had been for Rita to watch Hermione's star rise, she also knew it would provide her with the perfect opportunity to cut her down to size one day. After all, now she was famous it was going to be so much more fun to take her down. But yet again Rita's plans hit a major stumbling block as less than a year after the end of the war, Hermione left the country. Initially Rita had hoped that she was running away from a falling out with her friends, which would create a scandal she would love to write about, but whenever Harry or Ron were asked about her, they still spoke about her with such warmth and affection and merely said she was travelling and that they still kept in touch with her. Soon the travelling story turned into Hermione working abroad and aside from a few small appearances, such as at the weddings of her two best friends, the former Gryffindor seemed to have made her home away from Wizarding Britain, and as such away from Rita and whatever venomous articles she could have managed to write. Still, Rita clung onto her hopes for revenge, never forgetting the feisty witch who had dared to discover her little secret and blackmail her over it. For years Rita harboured her hatred of Hermione, and then one rainy autumn day an ordinarily boring news conference at the Ministry of Magic changed everything. Rita had attended the conference representing The Daily Prophet as the Ministry unveiled the new Head of the Department of International Co-Operation. Recent rumours had suggested that the job was going to an outsider, not one of the lesser heads in the department, but still Rita hadn't expected anything special to happen. That was until the Minister of Magic, Kingsley Shackelbolt, revealed the new Head of International Co-Operation and it was none other than Hermione Granger. Hermione's unveiling caused a bit of a stir among the press as no-one had any idea the war heroine was back in the country, let alone poised to take one of the most important jobs in the Ministry. As her colleagues threw questions at Hermione and Kingsley, Rita silently observed her adversary. At thirty years old, Hermione was a very attractive witch and since her teenage years she'd clearly learnt to make the most of her appearance. She'd also learnt to dress well and Rita could tell the clothes she was wearing were all decently made and possibly quite expensive. Rita also had to admit that Hermione knew how to handle herself and she answered every question with dignity and aplomb. She refused to talk about her private life, but she had no problems with discussing the fact she'd spent the last ten years working in the French Ministry. By the end of the press conference, Rita could already see dozens of articles praising Hermione would be all over the press the following day. The golden girl had returned and once again was going to become wizarding Britain's pin-up of the perfect witch. "Not if I have my way," Rita murmured, watching as the photographers scrambled to take a picture of Hermione. "Watch out Hermione Granger, I'm coming for you." As Rita predicted the press were all over Hermione and her return. Rita however didn't include any praise in the articles she was forced to write about Hermione, and instead set about discovering all there was to know about the younger witch. It was incredibly easy to get hold of Hermione's work records and to check out the work she'd done in France. Not surprisingly she could only find positive records of Hermione's time in France and if all the reports were to be believed, Hermione was very good at her job. Rita quickly worked out that professionally she couldn't touch Hermione, so she turned her attention to the brunette's private life. While Hermione's professional life was an open book, her private life was anything but and Rita struggled to find out even the simplest thing about Hermione's life outside of work. She couldn't find a home address for Hermione, nor could she find any evidence that she was married or had children. Not that Rita was too surprised with the lack of information as most Ministry workers had their official records sealed to outsiders for security reasons. Hermione's best friend, Harry, was a perfect example of someone who lived in the public eye while keeping his private life completely separate. Everyone knew he was married to his childhood sweetheart, Ginny Weasley, and that they had three children together, but there were no more details about their life on public record. No-one knew where they lived, or even what their children looked like. Pictures had been released of Harry and Ginny's wedding, so the date of their nuptials was known, but nothing else about the ceremony was. It was the same with the children, with announcements made when Ginny gave birth, followed by one picture of the new-born, but then nothing else. Harry didn't talk about his family and the press respected his privacy. Judging from the lack of information Rita was finding out about Hermione, she suspected she was following in her friend's footsteps and keeping her private life to herself. Not one to be deterred, Rita set out to discover all she could about Hermione's private life by herself. Within a month of Hermione's return, Rita had regularly taken to stalking the younger witch in the hopes of discovering something she could use against her. Unfortunately, Rita had never managed to get close enough to Hermione to place a tracking spell on her, so while she was able to stalk her movements for short periods of time, she was lost whenever Hermione used magic to hop from place to place. Even so, she managed to watch Hermione enough to come to the conclusion that her life outside of work was deadly dull and the only people she seemed to socialise with was her two best friends. Finding something to use against her was going to be hard, but Rita wasn't going to throw in the towel just yet. If she had to she would fabricate a story, but that was a last resort and one she would only take once she was sure there was no other way to destroy little miss perfect. Six weeks after Hermione's return, Rita was indeed on the verge of fabricating a story about the young witch. Taking her on-off younger lover, Marcus Flint – who just so happened to be the son of one of her old school boyfriends, to a posh hotel for the evening, she told him about her dilemma as they enjoyed a luxurious meal in the five star restaurant before retiring to the cocktail bar and settling in one of the corner booths. "You're playing with fire messing with Granger," Marcus warned. "I went to school a few years ahead of her, and even before I left she was getting a reputation." "As what?" Rita asked, intrigued as to whether Marcus was going to tell her something juicy. "As one of the brightest witches to ever attend Hogwarts," Marcus replied. "If you try and take her down Rita, you better be sure of what you're doing. Blatantly lying will play right into her hands." "So you think I should wait for her to do something I can pounce on?" Rita asked with a sigh. "I think it's better than fabricating something and ending up in trouble," Marcus said. "She could ruin you, Rita." "No Marcus, I'm the one who's going to ruin her," Rita replied in a cold voice. "Now all I have to do is wait for her to mess up." "Good luck with that," Marcus laughed as he raised his hand and waved at someone across the room. Rita glanced up to see who her lover was waving to and spotted the distinct platinum blond hair of a Malfoy. Since the wizard in question had short hair and only looked to be around thirty, Rita quickly ruled out the head of the family, Lucius Malfoy, and decided that it must be his son, Draco. After the war, and his subsequent acquittal and the revelations about what he'd gone through at Voldemort's hands, Draco had issued a statement thanking those who had spoken up for him, which included the golden trio, and asked for some privacy to put his life back together. What had happened to him after that, Rita didn't know as he'd dropped off the radar and rumours had it he'd moved abroad. "That's Draco Malfoy, isn't it?" Rita asked her lover. "Yeah, he must be in the county for a while," Marcus answered. "He doesn't live here?" Rita checked. "No, France I think," Marcus replied. "He runs the European side of the Malfoy Empire. I haven't seen him for years. It must be well over a decade since I last spoke to him." "Did you have a falling out?" "Nah, we were just never that close," Marcus replied with a shrug. "I hear he's married now with two kids." Rita nodded absent-mindedly as her focus was still on Draco. Or rather, it was on the witch he'd just slid into a booth beside. She was a bit too far away to see clearly, but she would have sworn she'd spotted the brunette curls of Hermione. Nudging Marcus, she drew his attention to where his friend was sitting to see if he had a better view of the pair. "Is it her?" she hissed. "I don't know," Marcus replied. He had a better view of Draco and the witch he was sitting with