A/N - A Fun, fluffy lighthearted story for Valentine's Day. Enjoy. In the days leading up to Valentine's Day, Diagon Alley was full of wizards buying gifts for the witches in their lives and each and every shop had an eye-catching display in their windows, eager to be the one to hook the wizard who wasn't quite sure what to buy for their loved one. However, by Valentine's Day itself custom had died down and only a few last minute stragglers were in Diagon Alley buying something at final hour. Two of the wizards in Diagon Alley on the morning of the fourteenth of February were former Slytherins, Draco Malfoy and Blaise Zabini. However, the two wizards weren't buying last minute presents for their wives, they were buying a little something extra to go with their gifts. They both had a proper gift for their wives, along with some sexy lingerie that they were hoping to utilise that evening, but they'd decided to add a little something to their gifts this year. For as long as they'd been friends the two wizards had been competitive, so naturally their shopping took on a competitive tone. They were both determined to outdo one another and buy something that would put the other one to shame. After an hour browsing the shops together, the two wizards split up to complete their shopping. Within half an hour they'd both had a little bit of extra for their wives, and they met back up outside of The Leaky Cauldron. "Flowers?" Blaise scoffed, eying up the beautiful bouquet of red roses Draco was holding. "Not very original, Draco." "Because chocolates are so much better," Draco retorted, rolling his eyes at his best friend and the fancy box of chocolates he had under his arm. "Let's go and see who gets the best response to the last minute additions," Blaise said, confident his wife would love the chocolates. "Let's," Draco agreed. Pulling out their wands the two wizards disappeared with simultaneous pops as they apparated away. The two men had both apparated to Malfoy Manor, where they were spending the day. Draco's parents Lucius and Narcissa had welcomed Blaise into their family while he was still in Hogwarts, and these days he was always welcome with the family. In fact Lucius and Narcissa had even offered to babysit the Zabini children alongside their biological grandchildren for the evening, so both wizards could spend a quiet night with their wives. When they arrived back at Malfoy Manor the two wizards found Lucius Malfoy descending the stairs. Lucius took one look at the pair before chuckling slightly to himself and shaking his head as he reached them. "Have I not taught you two anything?" Lucius questioned. "Flowers and chocolates are extremely uninspired gifts. You've got the money to buy something much more impressive. Take it from me, the way to a woman's heart is diamonds." "I take it that means you've got mother some jewellery for Valentine's Day," Draco remarked. "It's a tradition," Lucius replied with a shrug. "And it's more inventive than flowers and chocolates." "These are just added extras," Blaise said, gesturing to the chocolates he was carrying. "You'll be pleased to know Lucius that I've listened to every word you've said over the years and I've bought Daphne a diamond bracelet." "Nice," Lucius said with an approving nod, before he turned to his son. "And you Draco? I hope you've bought Hermione more than a dozen roses." "Actually, there's fifteen roses," Draco replied. "And of course I've got her another gift. It's not diamonds though." "I suppose I should be grateful at least one of you listened to my advice on women," Lucius remarked. "As I said, I've listened to every single thing you've ever said about women," Blaise replied sincerely. Lucius was very much his role model when it came to relationships, and he only hoped that Daphne loved him as much as Narcissa clearly loved her husband. "I haven't," Draco told his father with a grin. "Unlike Blaise, I've never needed a helping hand with the opposite sex. Witches have always loved me." "Please," Blaise scoffed. "It took you months to persuade Hermione to even go out with you. Some charmer you are." "I won her round, didn't I?" Draco argued. "Eventually," Blaise replied. "But if you'd listened to your father's advice, you could have done it a whole lot quicker." "We're not kids now Blaise, you don't need to suck up to Father," Draco said with a roll of his eyes. "You suck up all you like Blaise," Lucius said. "That's why you're my favourite." "How can he be your favourite? I'm your son," Draco protested with a mock pout, knowing his father was only joking. "Maybe you should have paid more attention to me then," Lucius replied with a shrug. "Now unless you're going to deliver your presents now, I suggest you leave them in my study until this afternoon. After all, you don't want to spoil the overwhelming surprise of flowers and chocolates, do you now." Draco and Blaise exchanged an amused eye roll as Lucius turned and headed into the living room. Heading down the corridor to Lucius's study, they left the roses and chocolates on Lucius's desk for them to retrieve later. They then headed to the front room where they found their wives sitting chatting to Lucius and Narcissa, while their six year old daughters, Lyra and Lexi, sat reading a book together. "Where are the boys?" Draco asked as he took a seat next to his wife of ten years, Hermione Granger. Lyra and Lexi were both part of a set of twins and they each had a brother. Lyra's brother, Scorpius, was older than her by ten minutes, while Lexi was three minutes older than her brother, Alex. Scorpius and Lyra were older than the Zabini twins by nearly six months, but because of when their birthdays fell they would all be going off to Hogwarts in the same year. "Last I saw of them they were playing with the puppies," Narcissa remarked. "By playing she means being chased by them," Lucius added. "Not ten minutes ago, I was almost knocked off my feet by two little boys and three tiny Labradors." "Maybe I should go and round them up," Hermione said with a frown. She loved her son, but he could be a handful and when he was with Alex they could be practically uncontrollable. Hermione certainly didn't envy Hogwarts the year they got the Malfoy and Zabini twins among their first years. "There's no need to stop their fun. Boys will be boys," Lucius said, unconcerned by the trouble his grandson and surrogate grandson might be getting up to. "Are you not the slightest bit worried what they might be getting up to?" Daphne questioned. "Knowing those two, it could be anything." "We've got enough wards around the place to prevent them from getting into too much trouble," Narcissa said reassuringly. "Besides, I'm sure anything they can get up to we've already dealt with when Draco was a child. He was always up to some sort of mischief." "This is going to turn into telling stories about me, isn't it?" Draco asked with a grimace. "I'd like to hear the stories," Lyra said, abandoning Lexi and her book and heading over to Narcissa. "Please Nana Cissa, tell us about Daddy." "Yes, Nana Cissa, do tell," Blaise urged with a devious grin. "Let's start with the time he decided to help the elves bake his own birthday cake," Narcissa said, settling Lyra on her knee while Lexi settled on Lucius's lap. "He snuck down into the kitchens with the elves and caused havoc. He dropped a dozen eggs, tipped over a whole bag of flour and then to top it all off he got a raspberry stuck up his nose. The poor elves were nearly in tears as he wrecked their kitchen." "This is so embarrassing," Draco muttered, slouching down in his chair as the entire room roared with laughter at the story. As Narcissa and Lucius continued to share stories, including a few from the Hogwarts years when Blaise was involved, the laughter brought Scorpius and Alex into the room. Eager to hear the stories the two boys settled down on the floor, where they spent the rest of the morning laughing at their father's antics. Finally the stories came to an end and everyone headed into the dining room for lunch. After they'd ate, Scorpius and Alex disappeared again while everyone else returned to the front room. The next hour was spent in relaxing chit-chat, while Lyra and Lexi got out their dolls and sat playing beside the fire. Even the two dogs and the puppies joined them, leaving Scorpius and Alex as the only ones unaccounted for. "Why do I get the feeling they're causing trouble?" Hermione whispered to Draco. "Because you know them too well," Draco replied with a low chuckle. "I can go and find them if you want." "No, I guess I need to get used to the fact I can't watch Scorpius twenty four hours a day," Hermione replied. "Like it or not, he's growing up." "You make it sound like he's sixteen and getting ready to leave us," Draco laughed. "He's only six." "I know, but it seems like just yesterday he and Lyra were tiny babies," Hermione said with a sigh, leaning her head against Draco's shoulder. "If you're getting broody we can always have another baby," Draco suggested as he wrapped his arm around his wife's waist. "You would want another one?" Hermione asked, looking up at her husband. "I wouldn't say no," Draco replied. "So what do you say? We could get cracking tonight. We are going to all alone." "Ah yes, Valentine's Day," Hermione said with a small smile. "Not that I would know as I haven't had anything from my husband." "Let's rectify that, shall we?" Draco said with a teasing grin as he gave his wife a kiss and rose to his feet. "I'll be back in a minute." "Where are you going?" Blaise called as he spotted Draco heading for the door. "It's Valentine's Day, Blaise, I'm going to get my wife her presents," Draco replied. "I'll join you in grabbing mine as well," Blaise said, jumping to his feet. "Do you need us to get anything for you, Lucius?" "No, I have what I need right here," Lucius said, pulling a deep purple velvet box from his robes and handing it over to his wife. "Happy Valentine's Day, Cissa." "Thank you, Lucius," Narcissa replied with a smile as she opened the lid of the box, revealing a stunning diamond and ruby necklace with matching earrings. While Narcissa was admiring her present, Draco and Blaise hurried to Lucius's study to grab their last minute additions to their presents. Both of them had already left their main present in Lucius's study, so they merely picked up their original gifts and the chocolates and flowers before returning to the front room. "Happy Valentine's Day, Daph," Blaise said, handing over a gift wrapped box and the chocolates. "Thanks Blaise," Daphne replied with a smile. "Ooh, exotic centres, I love these chocolates." Putting her wrapped gift to one side, Daphne lifted the lid on her box of chocolates. The box of chocolates were a rare and quite pricey, range of chocolates and contained exotic and unusual flavours. Daphne had fallen in love with the chocolates when she'd received some for Christmas a couple of years ago. "Oh," Daphne muttered with a frown when she lifted the lid and found several holes in her array of chocolates. "Hey, some bugger's nicked some chocolates," Blaise cried as he leaned over to see what had stunned his wife. "Including my favourite one, starfruit," Daphne said. "Well this isn't on, I'm going back to the blasted shop and demanding my money back," Blaise grouched. "It's a damn outrage,