A/N – This is the third of my new collections, and every collection piece features a DARK HERMIONE! As always with Dark Hermione stories, I understand that not everyone likes them so I like to give fair warning, that way any complaints I may receive about Hermione being dark are ignored since I've warned people. For those who like me love a dark Hermione, I hope you enjoy this collection. The collection is rated M, for dark times and sexual scenes. Like the other collections I'm posting, each chapter is from a different universe, and set at different times. The only similarities in the stories is that the majority of the time she is either Voldemort's daughter or granddaughter, and more often than not she is already involved with Draco. I want to work nearly all of these collection pieces into full stories, but for now these are just collections of the ideas that play around in my head, but as of yet don't have a full length story to go into. In a longer story, details would be fleshed out and certain scenes would be longer, but right now they make perfect bite sized stories. As for publishing, there will be no set schedule as I'll update when I've got a new collection piece to publish, and at times there might by months in between updates. Onto the first story – Blood Wedding. This story is in a universe where Harry and his friends attended all seven years of school, with no battle at the Ministry in fifth year, and no Death Eaters in school in sixth. This part of the tale takes place two years after the end of school. Enjoy! Blood Wedding. Harry Potter warily walked the perimeter of the small hotel where his two best friends, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger, were due to be married in less than an hour. Truth be told, he would have preferred it if they'd held off on getting married until after Voldemort had finally been dealt with. However, the pair had been adamant that they weren't going to let Voldemort dictate how they would run their lives. Harry actually admired their attitude, but things were easier for them than it was for him. He was the one who had to take Voldemort out, and even though Hermione and Ron had helped him invaluably, Harry knew that at the end of the day things would come down to a straight out battle between himself and Voldemort. In actual fact, the final battle had almost happened two years previously, on the day Harry and his friends graduated from Hogwarts. In the middle of the graduation ceremony, Voldemort and his Death Eaters had raided the school. Almost immediately all of the Slytherins had joined Voldemort, as well as a few students from the other houses. What followed was a vicious battle, cumulating in a showdown between Voldemort and the headmaster of Hogwarts, Albus Dumbledore. Sadly for the light, Dumbledore was fatally wounded by a curse thrown by The Dark Lord. However, before he died he'd managed to wound Voldemort and the dark wizard was forced to leave before he could deal with Harry. In the two years since that battle, Voldemort hadn't been seen or heard of, although his Death Eaters continued to fight in his name. The Order were hoping he was back like he'd been following the deaths of Harry's parents, but Harry wasn't as sure. While he was confident Dumbledore had done something to hinder Voldemort, he didn't think he'd reduced him to the bodiless being he'd been all those years ago. While the Order had continued to fight the Death Eaters, they'd also tried to move on with their lives. Sadly, Harry couldn't just carry on as though a battle to the death wasn't imminent. Instead he'd been so worried about the effect his presence was having on the Order, that he'd withdrawn from them. He still saw them regularly, and he still relied on them for support, but he didn't let himself get settled anywhere. He was constantly on the move, and he hoped his nomadic lifestyle would make it harder for Voldemort to work out where he was at any given time. Even with the threat of Voldemort not being as potent, Harry had still insisted on the security surrounding the hotel being top notch. As such the Order had been strengthening the wards around the hotel for the past week. Harry had personally booked the hotel for the entire week, and he'd made sure every member of staff had been personally vetted by either Tonks or Kingsley. Now with less than an hour to the wedding, all the guests had arrived and Harry was confident no-one could breach the wards surrounding the hotel. Satisfied with the wards, Harry turned around and slowly made his way back to the hotel where Ron was anxiously waiting for him to act as his best man. As Harry disappeared into the hotel, he failed to notice a shadowy figure emerging from some trees, just outside the boundary of the hotel. With a flick of his wrist, the mysterious figure altered all the wards surrounding the hotel. Despite the Order's vigilance, they hadn't considered that the dark had gotten to the hotel first and had already erected wards that would counteract any wards the Order erected without alerting them that the wards had been broken. "We're in," The figure announced as more dark figures started to appear around the hotel. "Everyone get ready." While the figures began placing themselves strategically around the hotel, a tall blond wizard walked straight through the wards and onto the hotel premises. When nothing happened, and none of the Order came running, the blond turned and smirked at the leader of their group. "As we thought, it worked perfectly," Draco Malfoy announced. "Good," Voldemort replied with a nod, his face breaking out into an evil grin at the thought of finally getting his revenge on Harry Potter and the Order. "Now go and make sure my daughter is ready." "Yes, My Lord," Draco said with a respectful nod, before he turned and darted off towards the hotel. Draco easily avoided the guests and staff as he snuck into the hotel via a side entrance. He'd visited the hotel enough times in the lead up to the wedding to know exactly where he was going. Using the back staircase, which was rarely used, Draco headed to the top floor. On the top floor was the honeymoon suite, where the bride was currently getting ready. Checking his watch, and hoping The Dark Lord's daughter was running on time, Draco rapped twice on the doors of the honeymoon suite, his eyes constantly darting to side to side as he checked no-one was approaching him. He only had to wait a moment before the door was opened, and a feminine hand reached out and pulled him through the opening. As soon as Draco was inside the room, the door was slammed shut and he found himself pressed back against the wooden door as Hermione Granger glared up at him. "You're late," She snapped. "Potter was hanging around," Draco replied, his gaze flicking over Hermione in her meringue style wedding dress. While the dress was nice, it wasn't really her style, but Draco still thought she made a beautiful bride. "I'm surprised my father didn't attack there and then," Hermione chuckled as she flicked the lock on the door and turned and stalked further into the suite. "He was tempted," Draco said. "Father persuaded him to wait and follow through with the plan." "Lucius can be a rather calming influence when he wants to be," Hermione replied, remembering the time Lucius and his wife, Narcissa, had stopped her from doing something reckless after graduation. For seven years Hermione had played the part of the good girl muggleborn best friend to Harry Potter, but the plan had always been for her to abandon the light and join the dark at the end of her school days. However, things hadn't ran to plan when her father had attacked the graduation ceremony, and Hermione hadn't had a chance to announce who she was before her father was wounded. Hermione had kept her cover at the time, not knowing what the situation with her father was, but the second she was out of Hogwarts she was at her father's side. Luckily, things weren't as bad as what they'd been following his attack on the Potters years previously. Dumbledore's spell had merely drained her father of his magic, and rendered him powerless for a short time. Hermione's first instinct was to take the fight to Harry and the Order, and take over while her father recovered. However, Lucius and Narcissa had persuaded her that sometimes patience was what was needed to ultimately win the battle. As hard as it had been, Hermione had accepted they were right, and she'd resumed her cover with the Order while her father recuperated and Lucius took charge of the Death Eaters. "So, is everything set?" Hermione asked Draco. "We're all in place," Draco replied. Hermione nodded and walked over to the large windows. Peering outside, she could see the gardens where the wedding was going to take place. The guests were already starting to assemble, but she looked past them and turned her attention to the hotel's boundaries. "I don't see anyone," She muttered as she searched for some hint that the hotel was surrounded by Death Eaters. "Isn't that the point?" Draco asked with a chuckle. "It won't be a surprise attack, if you can see us coming." "True," Hermione agreed with a nod of her head as she thought about what was to come that afternoon. Her father was now back to full strength, and had been for several months, and once he'd gotten back to himself, he'd wanted to deal with Harry and as much of the Order as he could at the same time. Unfortunately, events at graduation had changed Harry and his habits. He no longer spent all his time either at the Weasleys or Order headquarters. Instead he was constantly moving from place and place, and would often disappear for weeks on end without telling anyone where he was going. As such, it had been nigh on impossible for Hermione to give her father any information about where best to corner Harry as his schedule was unpredictable. It was due to Harry's unpredictability that had led to a plan designed to guarantee they could predict where Harry was going to be at one particular moment, and the wedding of his best friends had seemed the perfect way to get him where they wanted him. Throughout her pretence to be on the light side, Hermione had gently rebuffed Ron's advances, so it was easy enough for her to claim a change of heart and start dating the redhead. Of course she pretended she was an innocent little virgin when she was with Ron, and claimed she couldn't have sex before marriage. It hadn't taken her long to get Ron to propose, and once he'd done that, she'd set about organising the wedding as quickly as possible. So in the space of six months their entire plan had been hatched and brought to fruition, with the climax due to take place that afternoon. Hermione was just pleased that her father would make his presence known before she had to actually marry Ron. "So are you all set?" Draco asked as Hermione turned away from the window since she was unable to see any of her father's followers. "Do I not look it?" Hermione asked, gesturing to the fact she was all dressed up for a wedding. "You play the blushing bride so well," Draco replied with a grin. "Even if this dress isn't exactly my taste," Hermione replied. She was actually wearing a long, meringue style dress that was pretty modest. Normally Hermione would have