A/N - This is a lighthearted one shot. Enjoy! After a long day at St Mungo's, where she worked as a Healer, Hermione Granger returned home looking forward to a peaceful evening. After a long, relaxing bubble bath she whipped herself up some pasta for dinner before settling down in the front room with a glass of wine and her book. For a couple of hours, Hermione enjoyed her peace and relaxation, but shortly after eleven, just as she was heading towards bed, there was a knocking on her front door. "Who the hell could this be?" Hermione muttered to herself, turning around and heading to the front door. When she opened the door, Hermione's eyes widened at the sight of her boyfriend, Draco Malfoy, standing on the doorstep, holding his father upright. Hermione's initial thought was that Lucius was hurt, and Draco had brought him to her for help. But then Lucius gave her a lopsided grin and she realised the older wizard wasn't hurt, he was merely drunk. "What's going on, Draco?" Hermione asked as she stepped back to let her boyfriend enter the house with his drunken father. "I need your help, Hermione," Draco replied, struggling to keep his father on his feet. "With your drunken father?" Hermione questioned with an arched eyebrow. "Yes," Draco answered, dragging Lucius towards the front room where he dumped his father on Hermione's sofa. "Mother will kill him if she sees him like this." "I'm not surprised," Hermione retorted, rolling his eyes as Lucius began to sing off key. "What happened? I would have thought your father could handle his drink." "I always thought so," Draco said. "Maybe he's just getting old and can't handle the pace, or maybe it was the strong Italian spirits Blaise was pouring down his neck." "I should have known Blaise was involved somewhere," Hermione snorted. She and Draco hadn't told anyone about their relationship, so she didn't know Blaise very well, but she could remember enough about him from Hogwarts to remember he could create havoc in an empty room. "And what part did you play?" "I'm innocent," Draco protested. "I tried to stop them, but neither Blaise nor father would listen to me. They were both determined to outdo one another." "I take it Blaise won that battle," Hermione said. "I don't know, he was worse for wear when he left the pub," Draco admitted. "I left him in Theo's capable hands, while I tried to sort father." "I still don't get why you brought him to me," Hermione said, turning her attention back to Lucius. Fortunately, he'd stopped his singing but he was trying to struggle to his feet in search of more alcohol. "I was hoping you might have a sobering potion," Draco said. "I don't have anything like that at my penthouse, and I can't send him back to mother in this state. She knows he was with me, and she'll kill me for letting him get in this state." "Sorry, I can't help," Hermione replied with a shrug. "I don't have anything like sobering potions." "But you're a healer," Draco protested. "You're well stocked with every useful potion." "I'm well stocked on potions that will help people who are genuinely ill," Hermione pointed out. "I have nothing to help people who drink to excess. Sorry Draco, I can't help." "Damn," Draco swore, stopping Lucius from drowning the dregs of Hermione's bottle of wine and returning him to the sofa. "What do I do now? Mother is going to go mad. Maybe we can brew the potion." "It takes eight hours to brew a sobering potion," Hermione said. "And another half hour before that to prepare all the ingredients. Ingredients, I don't even know if I have, by the way. I don't think you're going to get your father sobered up tonight." "Bollocks," Draco muttered. "I guess I'm just going to have to take him home with me." "And won't your Mother be mad he's stayed out all night?" Hermione questioned. "More than likely," Draco admitted. "But what other choice do I have. I either take him home with me, or send him home and get us both in serious trouble with mother. At least this way, I can just say he fell asleep on the sofa." "That won't be a lie," Hermione said, turning her boyfriend's attention to his father, who was now reclining on the sofa, snoring softly. "Bloody hell," Draco whined, running his hands through his blond hair. "Now I've got to wake him up." "Don't," Hermione said with a sigh as she picked up her wand and summoned some blankets from the spare room. "Let him sleep. We can deal with him in the morning." "I really don't deserve such a great girlfriend," Draco said, giving Hermione a peck on the cheek as she threw a blanket over his snoring father. "No, you don't," Hermione agreed with a good natured smile. "Although you are going to have to work out what to say to your father in the morning. You're going to have to explain to him why you brought him here." "I guess it's coming out time," Draco replied with an unconcerned shrug as he gave Hermione a quick grin. They'd been talking about telling people about their relationship for a few weeks, as they were now sure that it was serious and they had a future. "I guess so," Hermione replied. Taking hold of Draco's hand, Hermione led Draco back to the bedroom while Lucius lay sprawled on the sofa in a drunken stupor. 00000 When Lucius awoke he felt as though someone was pounding on his head with a hammer. Even before he opened his eyes, he recognised the signs of a massive hangover and he cursed himself for getting in such a state. Not that he could remember getting in such a state, and he certainly couldn't remember getting home. Preparing himself for Narcissa's inevitable wrath, Lucius slowly opened his eyes and frowned when an unfamiliar room came into focus. "What the hell?" he muttered, sitting up and immediately regretted moving so quickly as the room swayed in front of his eyes. "You're awake," a feminine voice called from somewhere to Lucius's left. Slowly turning his head, Lucius found a young brunette witch watching him with an amused smile on her face. Lucius vaguely recognised the young woman, but his brain wasn't functioning properly and he couldn't for the life of him recall her name, or how he knew her. "This might help," the witch said, handing Lucius a red mug. Lucius gazed down at the mug on his hands, and the steaming black liquid inside. The aroma coming off the mug wasn't one he recognised, and he was hesitant to drink something he didn't recognise. "It's coffee," the witch explained. "A muggle drink. It'll help wake you up." "Muggle," Lucius repeated, finally able to put a name to the face at the mention of muggles. "You're Hermione Granger." "That I am," Hermione replied with a nod of her head. "What am I doing here?" Lucius asked, warily taking a sip of the bitter, black liquid and finding it was delicious. "Draco brought you here last night," Hermione explained. "He thought I might have been able to sober you up." "Obviously you failed," Lucius muttered, taking another drink of his coffee. "As I said to Draco, I don't keep sobering potions, and before you ask, I don't have a hangover potion either," Hermione said. "I don't drink, or at least not to the excess that I need help sobering up." "Where is Draco?" Lucius asked, suddenly realising that his son was nowhere in sight. "And why did he bring me to you?" "He had to get to work, he said something about an important meeting," Hermione answered. "And as for why he brought you here, you'll have to ask him." "You're her, aren't you?" Lucius questioned. "Draco's mystery witch. I know he's being seeing someone, but he's been very secretive about the whole thing." "Yes, we've been seeing each other," Hermione confirmed. "I think he was a bit unsure of how you would react to him dating a muggleborn, so we've been seeing each other on the quiet. Plus my friends are bound to have something to say about me dating a Malfoy." "I'm sure they will," Lucius muttered. "And for the record, I have no problem with you. Draco's happy, I can see that. I'm just sorry that my past behaviour forced you to hide your relationship." "Don't worry about it," Hermione said with a small smile. "It'll all be coming out into open now anyway." "I'll make sure Draco knows I have no problem with your relationship," Lucius said, finishing off his coffee and thanking Hermione for the drink. "Right now, I really should go home and face the music." "You can grab a shower if you want to freshen up before you go home," Hermione offered. "There's spare towels, and some of Draco's toiletries in the bathroom." "It would be better than going home smelling like a drunk," Lucius said. "Thank you." Hermione showed Lucius to the bathroom, before heading off to tidy away the blankets he'd used the previous night. Lucius was thankful for the chance to freshen up before he went home and faced his wife. He just wished he had a change of clothes as well, but he couldn't have everything. He was just lucky that the witch Draco had gotten involved with was a good person and she'd been willing to help someone who had never done anything to deserve her help. After a refreshing shower, where thanks to his son leaving some of his things he didn't have to use anything feminine smelling, Lucius redressed in his clothes from the previous night, although he first used a bit of magic to freshen them up. Leaving the bathroom, he paused when he heard Hermione's voice coming from the front room. He could also hear a male voice, and while it sounded familiar he couldn't quite place it. All he knew was that it wasn't his son's voice. Before he had a chance to enter the front room and see who Hermione was talking to, Hermione poked her head out of the room. "Did you find everything?" she asked, entering the hallway, but not quite shutting the door behind her. "I did," Lucius answered with a nod. "Thank you for your hospitality." "You're welcome," Hermione replied with a smile. "I should be getting home," Lucius said. "You'll have to come for dinner one evening." "I'd like that," Hermione said, saying goodbye to Lucius as he headed off to face his wife. 00000 For months, Harry Potter and his girlfriend, Ginny Weasley had been convinced Hermione had a secret lover. Not only was she practically glowing these days, but she was often mysteriously busy or more eager than normal to have a quiet night in without her friends. Then there was the fact that several times, Harry had smelt a lingering musky, masculine scent on her. The pair had waited patiently for Hermione to confide in them about her secret lover, but when she still hadn't mentioned her love life to them the pair had become impatient and had hatched a plan to prise the identity of her lover from her over a dinner at their house. Harry had arrived at Hermione's to invite her to dinner, and when he arrived he thought he was finally going to discover the identity of Hermione's lover. He could clearly hear the shower in Hermione's bathroom, and his friend had a flushed look about her as though he'd interrupted something. However, Hermione didn't comment on the running shower, and when the bathroom door opened and Harry was hit with a waft of the musky scent he'd smelt on Hermione before, she quickly excused herself and darted into the hallway. From the front room, Harry couldn't quite hear what Hermione was saying