A/N - Just another fun little one shot. Enjoy. Sitting on his bed, Draco Malfoy carefully turned the brand new muggle camera over in his hands. The camera was a birthday present from his father-in-law, Richard Granger. Ever since Draco had started dating Hermione Granger, her parents, in particular Richard, had endeavoured to make Draco understand the muggle world their daughter came from. Even though Hermione was a witch, and her life was now in the wizarding world with him, her roots were in the muggle world and Draco could understand her parent's desires to remain a part of her life, and for her not to forget where she came from. As for Draco, he'd welcomed delving into Hermione's past and learning about muggles. Ironically it was an idea he would have scoffed at when he was younger considering he was brought up in a very traditional wizarding household, however times had changed and Draco himself had long since stopped believing that muggleborns shouldn't be part of the wizarding world. Besides, Draco had thoroughly enjoyed his forays into the muggle world with Hermione's father. However, the fancy camera was the first time Richard had given him muggle technology and Draco had to admit he was struggling to understand all the functions on the camera, which supposedly took normal muggle pictures and recorded videos. He'd read the accompanying instructions twice, and he was more confused than when he started. Richard had advised him to forget the instructions, as according to him they tended to confuse matters rather than explain them, and just experiment with the camera and see what happened. Which was exactly what Draco was trying to do, but he was wary of just pressing buttons in case he broke what was definitely an expensive gift from his father-in-law. "Why can't these things be simple?" Draco muttered to himself as he turned the camera over again and one of his fingers caught a button, lighting up the screen. Carefully Draco experimented with the camera, and even though he couldn't be totally sure, he thought he'd managed to snap a few pictures of the bedroom. Convinced he was finally getting the hang of things, Draco continued to press buttons and he almost jumped a mile when he pressed one button and the screen flickered before showing him. Draco scowled down at the camera, not sure how the image was capturing him when he was pointing the camera away from himself. Nor did he understand what the blinking red light in the corner of the screen meant. "Maybe Hermione will know," he said with a confused shake of his head. "Maybe Hermione will know what?" His wife's voice called from behind him as she entered from the bathroom, where she'd been for the last half hour. Draco turned his head, fully intending to ask about the camera, but the question caught in his throat at the sight of his wife. Hermione had changed into a short, sexy black camisole edged with silver and her long brunette curls tumbled around her face. She was smiling seductively at him, and Draco knew he was about to receive yet another birthday present from his sexy wife. "I take it from your silence that you like the outfit," Hermione said with a laugh. "I more than like it, I bloody love it," Draco replied. The camera in his hands forgotten, Draco absentmindedly placed it on his wife's dressing table as Hermione sauntered towards him. Rising to greet her, he pulled her into his arms, not realising the camera was pointing directly at the bed and he and Hermione were in the centre of the shot. Lowering his lips to Hermione's, he slowly edged down the strap of her camisole, exposing her breast to his eager hands. Sliding down the other strap and letting the garment fall to the floor, Hermione and Draco feel back on their bed, not realising the camera was still on and the red light was still blinking as Draco's birthday gift recorded every second of what happened in the Malfoys bedroom that evening. "Can you actually use this contraption?" Lucius Malfoy asked his son, sounding slightly in awe as he gingerly held Draco's new muggle camera in his hands. "It's actually quite complicated, but I'm sure I'll get the hang of it," Draco replied. "It's certainly got a lot of buttons," Lucius remarked as he continued to examine the camera. "Wizarding cameras are much simpler." "They are, but Richard likes to introduce me to new muggle experiences," Draco said. "I'm not sure I'm ready for muggle technology," Lucius said warily. He admired his son for diving into a world he grew up knowing nothing about, but he'd held his views about muggles for a lot longer than his son and although he'd grown to love and admire his daughter-in-law, he really wasn't sure about embracing the muggle world she came from. "Truth be told, neither am I," Draco confided. "I still haven't worked out how to really use it. I do know the green button turns it on and off." While Draco headed off to make some tea, Lucius was left alone with his son's new camera. He'd fully intended to put it down, but as he did so his finger caught the green button and the black screen flickered to life. Lucius watched the view on the screen change as he moved the camera around. Wondering if he could work out how to take a picture, he held the camera up in front of him and pressed what the thought was the button to take the picture. However, when he pressed the button the screen flickered and suddenly Lucius found himself looking at his son's confused face. Lucius gazed down at the camera in bewilderment as Draco's confusion onscreen continued. Then things got shaky and Lucius was treated to some random shots of the floor, wall and bed before the camera settled again. Only this time it wasn't just Draco on the screen, Hermione had appeared and she was wearing the slinkiest camisole that Lucius had ever seen. Not sure how to stop the scenes that were unfolding in front of him, Lucius found himself unable to look away as Draco and Hermione began to kiss. Draco then slid the strap of Hermione's camisole down and Lucius gasped when his daughter-in-law's perky breast came into view. Knowing there was no way he should be watching whatever it was he was viewing, Lucius stabbed at a few buttons to try and stop the video. When the picture on the screen changed, Lucius breathed a huge sigh of relief as he thought it was the end of it. However, all he'd done was skip the recording on further, and instead of Draco and Hermione just kissing, he was faced with a view of them romping about on their king size bed. Pressing another button, Lucius was horrified when sound suddenly started coming from the camera in his hands. The sounds were unmistakably sexual, and Lucius found himself biting his lower lip as Hermione's feminine moans filled the air. Between the moaning and the couple of snippets of footage he'd seen, Lucius couldn't help but be affected as his thoughts turned to Narcissa. Fortunately he was wearing his robes, so his situation wasn't evident, but it was becoming increasingly urgent as Hermione's continued moans from the camera sent waves of lust shooting through him. Suddenly he was eager to get back home and make Narcissa moan in the way Draco had made Hermione moan. Although first and foremost he had to shut off Draco's damn camera before his son returned and caught him in the act of unintentionally perving on his daughter-in-law. It took Lucius a few more attempts before he remembered what Draco said about the green button also turning the camera off. Once the camera was off, Lucius placed it on the coffee table and he was just rising to his feet when his son returned with tea. "Are you going somewhere?" Draco asked with a confused frown. "Sorry Draco, I've got to dash," Lucius muttered, more relieved than ever that he hadn't removed his robes so his arousal was hidden from his son. "Something's come up and I've got to deal with it." Muttering a quick goodbye, Lucius hurriedly left his son's house and returned home. Once home, he found Narcissa and dragged her straight to bed, where he succeeded in dragging out of her the same sort of passionate moans he'd heard coming from his daughter-in-law via his son's new camera. "Cool!" Blaise Zabini enthused, holding Draco's new camera in his hands. "Can I have a go?" "Do you know how to work it?" Draco asked his best friend, holding in a sigh at Blaise's exuberance. Even though they were adults, Blaise was still like a big kid at times and Draco didn't want him interfering and breaking his camera when he still hadn't really figured out how to use it. "How hard can it be?" Blaise returned with an unconcerned shrug. "I keep saying that, but apparently it's very technical," Hermione laughed from across the room. "It is very technical," Draco argued, giving his wife a mock glare. "It's a very advanced camera." "But it is still a camera," Hermione argued. "Surely you just point it and take a picture. How hard can it really be?" "I'm with Hermione, it can't be too hard," Blaise said. "Here, I'll prove it. Draco go and sit with your wife and I'll snap your picture. It can be my birthday present to you." "I thought my present was tickets to the quidditch next week," Draco said, even though he did as Blaise said and moved to sit next to Hermione on the sofa. "This can be a little added extra," Blaise said, focusing on the camera and letting out a small exclamation of joy when he pressed a button and the machine sprung to life in his hands. "Now smile, folks." Exchanging an amused look, Draco and Hermione smiled for a camera as Blaise pointed it in their direction and pressed a couple of buttons. On his side Blaise had no idea if he was actually taking pictures, but he wasn't going to admit that to Draco. So he carried on pressing buttons, until much to his surprise the scene on the screen in front of him changed and he was confronted with a bemused looking Draco. Blaise himself looked on in confusion as Draco disappeared only to be replaced by a shaky view of the Malfoys bedroom. The camera then steadied itself again and Blaise let out a low whistle as Hermione sauntered into view wearing a very sexy black camisole. "Now what's going on?" Draco asked as he got to his feet and crossed over to his friend. "What are you up to Blaise?" Blaise didn't answer as his eyes were glued to the small screen on the camera. Draco's eyes also feel to the camera as he reached Blaise's side just in time to witness himself sliding down the strap of Hermione's camisole, baring her breast to the camera. "Whoa," Blaise gasped. "Nice tits, Hermione." "Excuse me?" Hermione squealed indignantly. She was used to Blaise's flirting, and she was used to him completing her, even sometimes going as far as to call her sexy, but he'd never been so blatant in his appraisal of her assets. "Sorry, what magnificent breasts you have, Hermione," Blaise corrected just as Draco swiped the camera from under his nose before he got to see anymore of Hermione's naked flesh. "Hey man that was just getting going." "What was just getting going?" Hermione demanded as she shot to her feet. "What's going on?" "I have no idea," Draco muttered, his eyes glued to the camera as he watched an exact replay of what had occurred between himself and his wife the evening before. Storming over the room, Hermione snatched the camera from her husband