A/N – I Haven't done this for a while, but I'm publishing a story I haven't yet finished writing. For a while now, my Children of the Dark series has been my main priority and it means I haven't got a backlog of long stories finished and ready to be published. However, I've got several heading towards the final stages and this is one of them. So far I've done 30 chapters of this story, so for now I will be publishing it once a week on a Wednesday. Updates will likely move up to twice a week when I've finished it, but for now it's a weekly story. This story takes place during the war, but some events are different (mainly there was no battle at the ministry at the end of fifth year, meaning Sirius is alive, Lucius isn't in Azkaban and Draco doesn't have the mark). I also want to mention that this story features a pretty dark Lucius – and he's quite different from how I normally portray him but for this story I needed him to be more devoted to the dark arts and Voldemort than to his family. I hope people enjoy this story. Alone in his office the Headmaster of Hogwarts, Albus Dumbledore, had just poured himself a nice cup of tea and was settling down to enjoy it with a few biscuits when there was a knock on his door. Wondering who could be disturbing him on a Sunday afternoon, Dumbledore reluctantly placed his tea and biscuits on his desk and went to answer the door. When he opened the door the last thing he expected to find was Hermione Granger and Draco Malfoy hovering outside his office, both looking worried and nervous. Dumbledore nodded at the unexpected pair in greeting. "Miss Granger, Mr Malfoy. What can I do for you, this afternoon?" "We need to talk to you in private," Hermione answered. "It's important, and very personal." "Come in." Dumbledore stepped aside to let the two students enter the office, curious as to what they wanted. Dumbledore's curiosity was aroused even further when the pair entered the office and the headmaster spotted they were holding hands. Even when the pair took seats in front of his desk they continued to hold hands as they clearly looked at each other for support. "Can I get either of you a cup of tea?" Dumbledore asked. "No thank you." Draco shook his head as he answered for the pair of them. "How can I help?" Dumbledore asked as he settled himself behind his desk and studied the two sixth years in front of him. "As you've probably guessed, we're a couple," Draco announced, lifting his hand that was entwined with Hermione's. "I don't think we really need to go into details, but we've been together since last year and we're serious about one another." Dumbledore nodded, wondering if the meeting was all about Draco approaching him to join the Order of the Phoenix. The Order was Dumbledore's organisation that fought against the dark wizard Lord Voldemort. Hermione was associated with the group, although not technically a member, because of her friendship with Harry Potter and the Weasleys. Draco however came from a family with very clear ties to the dark side, in fact his father Lucius was a known Death Eater and one of Voldemort's top supporters. "I'm pregnant," Hermione declared, taking Dumbledore by surprise. Dumbledore opened and closed his mouth a few times before he finally found some words. "How sure are you? Have you been to see Madam Pomfrey?" "I haven't been to the hospital wing," Hermione replied. "We looked up the spell to check for pregnancy and we've tried it four times. Each time it comes back positive. I'm pregnant." "And we need your help," Draco told the headmaster. "My father can't find out about the baby. He'll go mad if he finds out I've gotten involved with Hermione." "I'm not really sure I can help you there," Dumbledore said gently to the blond Slytherin. "You and Miss Granger are in my care, I'm obligated to inform your parents of the situation." "We understand that," Draco replied. "What I'm asking is that you inform my mother of the situation. If we do it right my father need never know what's going on." "How exactly can we do that?" Dumbledore questioned. "Even an owl addressed to your mother will go to the manor, and there's no guarantee your father won't see it's from the school and open it." "What I'm about to tell you is top secret, and you have to promise not to make it public knowledge," Draco said. "Please Professor, we need your help." "I promise to help in whatever way I can, and I promise not to tell anyone what you're about to tell me," Dumbledore vowed. Draco let out a relieved sigh, before confessing something he'd only ever told Hermione. "My mother doesn't live at the manor, in fact neither do I. When The Dark Lord returned in fourth year my mother made a deal with him and my father. In exchange for playing the loving wife, and not letting anyone know what was going on, she was given permission to move into another Malfoy property with me." "May I ask why your mother made such a deal?" Dumbledore asked. "My mother could tell you the reasons much better than I can, but mainly it's because Father has let The Dark Lord take up residence in the manor," Draco explained. "My mother doesn't want anything to do with him, and she doesn't want me having anything to do with him either." "Why would your father and The Dark Lord agree to such a thing?" Dumbledore frowned, not entirely convinced that Draco wasn't spinning him some tall tale for some reason. "They agreed so she wouldn't go to the Order," Draco answered. "I don't know all the details, but as long as everyone thinks everything is okay with my parents' marriage, Father and The Dark Lord leave us alone." "Have you ever met Voldemort?" Dumbledore questioned, noticing the way Draco winced at the use of Voldemort's name. Only a chosen few were brave enough to refer to Voldemort by name, and clearly it was something Draco wasn't used to hearing. "No." Draco shook his head. "When I went home the summer after fourth year my parents explained what was going to happen over dinner. Once we'd finished dinner mother and I left and I haven't slept at the manor since." "Did it not bother you, being torn away from your home?" Dumbledore probed. He was beginning to think that Draco was telling the truth, but he wanted to be sure before he became too involved in the Malfoys private situation. "I'd rather be with my mother than in a home with The Dark Lord in residence," Draco admitted. "To be honest I was so relieved when I found out we were leaving. The last few weeks of fourth year I was terrified that I would have to meet The Dark Lord once I returned home." "I was always under the impression that you supported your father's beliefs regarding muggleborns," Dumbledore commented. "I did when I first started school, but a few months at Hogwarts showed me how wrong my father was," Draco replied. "It took me a few years to totally break free of my father's teachings, but these days I form my own opinions about people and make my own decisions. And I don't want to get involved with dark wizards, I'm happy the way things are." "A lot of us are, which is why we're fighting Voldemort and his supporters," Dumbledore said. "I'm happy that this isn't some trap of some kind, and I'm willing to help. Sorry if I was too hard on you, Draco." "It's alright," Draco reassured the headmaster. "It's understandable that you wanted to be sure about me, especially given who my father is." "Does this mean, you're going to help us?" Hermione asked. "Yes." Dumbledore nodded. "I will help you, and I will protect the pair of you and your baby. We are of course going to have to bring some other people in on this. I'll speak to Professors Snape and McGonagall, and I'll arrange for you to have a private appointment with Madam Pomfrey. And of course I'll inform your parents and Mrs Malfoy, and bring them in for a chat. We can then decide on the best course of action from there. What sort of reactions, do you think we can expect from your parents?" "My mother will be shocked, but she'll support us," Draco replied confidently. "I'm not so sure about my parents," Hermione admitted quietly. "They won't like the fact that I'm pregnant while I'm still at school. And it's not as if we have the best relationship these days, not since we discovered I was a witch and I started Hogwarts." Dumbledore nodded sympathetically, knowing a little bit about Hermione's situation with her parents. While he didn't know the Grangers personally he knew from Professor McGonagall that they hadn't taken the news that Hermione was a witch that well. He also knew from the Weasleys that the Grangers were pretty standoffish in their dealings with the family, and often they only let Hermione visit with her friends with a lot of complaining. "I'm sure we can deal with everything together," Dumbledore said, smiling at the couple. "Now why don't the pair of you head off to enjoy the rest of your afternoon? Miss Granger, I'll let you know when the best time to see Madam Pomfrey is, and I'll inform you when your parents are coming in. Hopefully by the time we talk to your parents we'll have official confirmation of the pregnancy, and know when exactly the baby is due." "Thank you Professor." Hermione smiled at the old man as she and Draco stood up to leave. "We appreciate all your help." "Think nothing of it," Dumbledore replied. "It's a pleasure to help. Now off you go and don't worry, everything will be fine." As the two students exited his office, Dumbledore slumped down in his seat, wondering what on earth he was going to do. The entire situation was going to be very delicate and he knew it had to be handled correctly. The consequences of Lucius and Voldemort finding out about Hermione's pregnancy could be catastrophic. What he had to do was ensure the safety of Draco, Hermione and their baby, and that was exactly what he intended to do. :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: A few days later, Dumbledore was once again in his office with Draco and Hermione. This time however, Draco's mother, Hermione's parents and Professors Snape and McGonagall were present. The previous day Hermione had been examined by Madam Pomfrey and the school medi-witch had confirmed Hermione was indeed pregnant. Madam Pomfrey reckoned the baby had been conceived sometime over the Christmas break, which was what Draco and Hermione reckoned as well, therefore it was due in mid to late September. Currently there was silence in the room as Dumbledore had just broken the news of Hermione's pregnancy. Narcissa looked to be struggling with what to say, while the Grangers were looking at their daughter in pure horror. Dumbledore suspected that the couple's reaction would not be good, and sure enough they didn't disappoint when they finally spoke. "This is disgraceful," Richard Granger declared. "How on earth can you let a teenage girl get pregnant in your school?" He demanded of Dumbledore. "It is a regretful incident, but it's happened and all we can do now is cope with the situation," Dumbledore answered. "Dad, it's not Professor Dumbledore's fault," Hermione said quietly. "Draco and I are responsible, no-one else." "The pair of you are mainly responsible for this mess, but the school still has to shoulder some blame," Hermione's mother, Jean, said. "How were you even allowed to be together in that way?"