A/N – Welcome to my new Dark Hermione story. As I always do with these stories, I want to put a warning so that people who don't like Dark Hermione know what this story entails. As I said, it's a story where Hermione is dark so if people don't like that, I politely suggest that this story isn't for them. For those who do like Dark Hermione stories, this is a pretty long one and it stands at a whopping 50 chapters. This story is a big AU with a lot of differences from the books, and a few characters alive who were dead in the books. It's also a fairly slow burning story with the majority of the action taking place over seventh year at Hogwarts and the summer leading up to it. The first few chapters deal with some back story, then we flick forward to the summer before seventh year and proceed from there. Updates will be the usual dark days of Mondays and Fridays. I hope people enjoy Goddess of Vengeance as much as I enjoyed writing it. In a large, darkened room a man silently cast several spells on the floor, creating a magical golden circle on the dark blue carpet. Stepping back to admire his handiwork the man known as Lord Voldemort turned to address the second man in the room. "Well Lucius it's time, are you sure you want to go through with this?" He asked. "There's no going back once the spell is cast." "I'm sure," Lucius Malfoy replied with a sharp nod of his head. "I can think of no greater honour than having my son bonded with your daughter." Voldemort kept his private life separate from the rest of his life. While most people knew he was married very few people had met his wife. Even fewer people knew of his year old daughter, and apart from Lucius and his wife, Narcissa, no-one had even met her. It had only been in the last month or so that Voldemort had informed his inner circle of most trusted Death Eaters of her existence. "Let's just hope the children agree when they're older," Voldemort said. "I'm sure they will, Tom," Lucius said just as the double doors to the room swung open. The Malfoys and Voldemort's wife were the only people who dared to call The Dark Lord by his given name, and it was mark of how much he cared for all three of them that he allowed them to do so. Voldemort and Lucius turned to greet the two women who had entered the room. Lucius's wife, Narcissa Malfoy, was a tall, elegant blonde woman while Voldemort's wife, Adelaide Riddle, was a petite brunette with long curly hair. Both women were carrying their children as they entered the room. Narcissa had hold of a sleeping four month old boy with a shock of white blond hair while Adelaide had hold of a squirming one year old girl with large brown eyes. At the sight of her father the little girl in Adelaide's arms started to wriggle even more and call out for her daddy. Voldemort scooped his daughter out of his wife's hands and hugged her tightly as the four adults began discussing the upcoming ceremony. The ceremony was being held to bind the two children together for life, it meant that they would both do anything to protect the other one and that one day they would eventually marry. Both families had agreed that the bond would be beneficial to both parties as it ensured their children would always have someone who would protect and love them, not to mention the two families would be linked permanently and would become a force to be reckoned with in the wizarding world. Voldemort was already known to be one of the darkest wizards of his time and was feared by a lot of the wizarding population. Lucius was his right hand man in private but in public he had a respectable business empire and substantial influence at The Ministry for Magic. While both men knew they already had a lot of power they felt that by combining their families they would be practically unstoppable in their pursuit of dominance over the wizarding world. "Are we ready?" Voldemort asked, handing his daughter back to his wife. Everyone nodded as Narcissa and Adelaide moved to place their children in the centre of the circle. Adelaide sat her daughter down and cast protective spells around her so she wouldn't fall, Narcissa did a similar thing with her son as she placed the sleeping baby beside the young girl. Once their children were safely ensconced in the circle both women returned to their respective husband's sides as the bonding ritual got under way. G.O.V. Albus Dumbledore stood at the head of a crowded table, holding his arms up in the air and calling for quiet. The Order of the Phoenix were having their weekly meeting and Dumbledore was ready to begin. He had formed The Order himself as a way to fight against Voldemort and his Death Eaters. "Thank you," Dumbledore said once the room was silent. "Tonight's meeting will just be a short one as there is only one thing to discuss. The upcoming attack against Voldemort." "I'm still not sure attacking is the right option., Molly Weasley sighed. "Attacking is our only option," Dumbledore said forcefully. "With the prophecy and the new information we have at our disposal we have to act now." Nearly a year ago Dumbledore had discovered a prophecy but until recently it had made little sense to The Order. The prophecy spoke of a powerful girl, she was the spawn of the dark and brought with her wisdom and war. The Prophecy then went on to say the girl would rule the world with her dragon at her side. The spawn of the dark immediately had The Order worrying about Voldemort procreating but until recently it was thought the dark wizard was childless. The Order knew he had a wife, even though she was rarely seen and very little was known about her but it was only in the last month that a captured Death Eater had mentioned that Voldemort was a father to a little girl named Athena. The name of Voldemort's daughter had The Order worried as she was named after the Greek goddess of wisdom and war, both of which were mentioned in the prophecy. The discovery that Voldemort did indeed have a daughter was worrying enough for The Order but combined with an event a few months previously they were seriously worried. Four months ago one of Voldemort's most loyal supporters, Lucius Malfoy, had become a father for the first time, to a little boy named Draco. Draco was the Latin name for dragon and The Order were worried that he was the dragon spoke of in the prophecy. "Are we sure the information is accurate?" Frank Longbottom asked. "After all, we now have our own spy in Voldemort's camp and he hasn't mentioned anything about him having a daughter." The spy in question was Severus Snape the new Potions Professor at Hogwarts. Snape had joined Voldemort's ranks just after he left school but he had recently switched sides after his childhood friend, Lily Potter, had begged him to join The Order. Snape, who was in love with Lily and had never being able to refuse her anything had agreed to spy on Voldemort and pass information to the Order. "Snape's useless," James Potter snorted. He wished Snape was actually present as it was so much better to insult him to his face. "I'm sure he's not important enough to know such things." As Snape was distrusted by most of The Order, Dumbledore had agreed not to mention the current meeting to him. Dumbledore swore that Snape wouldn't try and save Voldemort and his family but he had listened the majority and not informed Snape of the meeting. He had however asked Snape to drop by headquarters later that night when the mission would hopefully be already completed. "Or he could have chosen not to tell us," James's best friend, Sirius Black, added. "After all he is a Death Eater and probably can't be trusted." "He can be trusted," James's wife, Lily said, sticking up for her childhood friend. Apart from Dumbledore she was the only person who genuinely trusted Snape and believed that he was on their side. "If Severus knew of the child he would have mentioned her." "What's going to happen to the child, if she exists?" Remus Lupin, another close friend of James's asked. "We'll have to see what happens tonight," Dumbledore said non-committedly. "But whatever happens we can't let her be raised by Voldemort, if she is she will be more evil than him and possibly more powerful." "We can't let that happen," Arthur Weasley said, shuddering at the thought of someone more powerful and evil than Voldemort. "We won't," Dumbledore said. "We strike tonight and wipe Voldemort from existence. James, Sirius, and Arthur you come inside with me. Remus, Frank you're going to remain outside and keep us covered. Everyone else will remain here and we'll return as quickly as possible." A few people looked as though they wanted to argue with staying behind but Dumbledore quickly shut down any protests. Giving the men a few minutes to get prepared he arranged to meet them outside of Voldemort's house before leaving to get prepared himself. G.O.V. It was a little after midnight when the men assembled outside the large house that the Riddle family resided in. "Is everyone ready?" Dumbledore asked and the men all nodded. "Once we're inside we head straight to the main bedroom, hopefully Voldemort will be asleep and won't see us coming." "What about the girl?" Arthur asked. "We deal with Voldemort and his wife first," Dumbledore said. "Then we'll decide what to do about the girl." "Are you going to kill her?" Frank asked. He was unhappy with the entire plan but he was hoping that Dumbledore would spare the life of an innocent girl. "I hope not," Dumbledore replied. He had a plan for the girl already in place but he was only planning on informing a select few. "Are we ready? Frank, Remus, you know what to do if trouble occurs." "Yes, don't worry," Remus said. "Good, let's go." Dumbledore gestured to the men who were entering the house with him and they began moving towards the property. Dumbledore had been studying the house and its wards for months and he was confident they could slip into the property unnoticed. Sure enough after ten minutes or so Dumbledore dropped the wards long enough for the four men to enter the back of the house. Once in the house the men cast spells on themselves to keep them quiet and undetected. With Dumbledore in the lead the men began to head to the main bedroom. Dumbledore had managed to bribe someone at the Ministry into letting him study the blueprints of the Riddle house so he knew exactly where he would find the master bedroom. Once outside the room Dumbledore stopped as the men drew their wands and prepared to fight. They were all hoping fighting would be unnecessary but they needed to be prepared. With a nod of Dumbledore's head the men moved behind him as he slowly opened the door to the master bedroom. Tiptoeing into the bedroom the men were relived to find both Voldemort and his wife lying undisturbed and unaware of their presence. Dumbledore raised his wand and pointed it at Voldemort while James did the same to Voldemort's wife. Taking a deep breath Dumbledore gave the signal and simultaneously the two men cast the killing curse. Both Voldemort and his wife were dead without ever having woken up. "Now for the second part of the plan," Dumbledore said, turning to the other men once he checked the