Please Enjoy! In this fanfiction, the war has just ended, Harry is super powerful and is an Animagus, his form being a phoenix, and Sirius came back through the veil and hardly leaves Harry's side. DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD Lily Evans had had enough. "NO! I will NOT go out with you! Stop asking! Potter, you are such an arrogant, conceited, horrible- " There was a ring of fire above her head and out fell a boy. He landed right onto Lily who fell to the ground. The boy ended up on top of Lily, supporting his upper body off her with his elbows. Lily stared. He looked exactly like James, except for his eyes, which were green, much like hers. The boy took in his surroundings, groaned, rolled off her, and then helped her up. His robes, a deep red, were billowing around him, almost like there was invisible power blowing around him. She felt as if she should be bowing, respecting this boy. Lily just bowed her head, for she did not wish to bow to an unknown person. Most people did bow, though. She noticed James didn't bow entirely, just his head, like her. Lily resumed staring, as did the crowd that had been watching James ask Lily out again. The boy ran his hand through his hair in a way quite like James. "James?" she said carefully. The boy eyed her and recognition flashed in his eyes. But how? She had only just met him. "Nope, sorry, Flower. What's Dumbledore's password?" Lily knew it was extremely rude, but she continued staring. The boy snapped his fingers in front of her face. "Come off it, miss, please? I need your help." "Acid Pops," she said. The boy grinned at her. "Excellent." Then he apparated away. Sirius was shocked." How did he do that? I thought you can't apparate in the castle?" Remus shook his head. "You can't." "How'd he do it, then?" asked James. "I don't know," said Remus. "Let's go, Prongs. She has already said no." James nodded and they started walking out to the lake. They had a free period. "Funny, he looked exactly like you, Prongs." Said Sirius. "Wonder who he is?" Remus shrugged and said, "I suppose we will find out soon enough, no? Anyway, full moon is coming. What should our plans be?" Lily was still in shock, though she wasn't staring anymore. The boy looked exactly like James, it was just unbelievable! She also felt she quite liked the boy, and hoped to be friends with him. Usually she was too busy for friendships, but she could give it a shot. Harry Potter was excited. Lord knew how he had gotten there, but he had seen his mother! He hoped he could have a chance to get to know her. He would have to speak to Dumbledore, but first he had to figure out what he wanted. Did he want to be a teacher, or a student. Also, he had to confirm this theory that he had gone back in time. He didn't want to ask a student because they would think him mad, so who should he ask? He had an idea. He walked out of the castle and headed for the Forbidden Forest. "Look, there is your lookalike, Prongs!" said Sirius excitedly. "Why is he going to the Forbidden Forest?" James watched as the boy disappeared into the woods. "We should find out. Moony? What do we do?" Remus groaned. "Why do you always ask me?" "Because you are the brains of the operation, Moony! Now what do we do?" Remus contemplated then said, "James, change into Prongs and follow him. He doesn't know about our forms. Be careful, though." James nodded and ran into the forest. Harry was headed for the clearing that he had died for a second time. It was small, but would serve his purpose. He heard a snapping twig and whipped out his wand. He smirked and then put it away as Prongs stepped into the clearing. Harry contemplated what to do. He had a wonderful idea. He took a step towards the stag, licked his lips and said, "Yum." James' hazel eyes widened and he bolted. Harry snickered and muttered, "Serves him right." He then turned back to the clearing. " Speak to me, Slytherin, greatest of the four." He hissed and waited. Sure enough, rustling could be heard. The snakes were answering his call. The snake that seemed to be the leader slithered forward. " A speaker. My name is Selene. What would you have us do?" she asked. " First, I wish for your undying loyalty. I understand it will take time- ""Of course not, my lord. We will remain loyal to you and your family. "" the Potters," Harry supplied. " I also wish for you and your people to tell no one of what I ask you." "Understood, my lord," Selene said. " Please call me Harry. I simply wish for your help. I want to know the following; The Dark Lord's progress, suspected location, plans, murders he has committed, how many followers he has, who they are, etc. I would also like a status on the Ministry including things like who the Minister is, the Ministry's condition, plans, and people of interest." "Is that all, Harry?" asked Selene. "Umm, what year is it, Selene?" "1976." "Thank you. Selene?" "Yes?" "Do you have a close sibling that I can trust just like you?" "Yes, Helios, he is but an hour younger. I would trust him with my life." "I would like it if I could keep you both close so I may have an informant and trustworthy person in a different time. If this is okay with you and your brother, can it be so?" Selene turned to the small gathering of snakes and called for her brother. When he came forward, Harry understood their names. They were both a dark green, but Selene had streaks of silver on her scales, and Helios red. " Sun and Moon. You were named well, Selene and Helios. Will you consent to helping me?" "Of course. We would be honored to help you." Said Helios. Harry put both his arms on the ground so that they could climb up to his biceps. They walked back silently. The trees bent towards him, and the grass his feet touched grew green and sprouted flowers. Harry was used to this, having his amount of power. Nature was alive, and it too understood and blossomed under power. He had hoped that since nobody knew who he was, the attention would cease. There seemed to be a vibe around him, though, and even people had to act on it. He remembered the shock he had felt when he saw his parents, Remus, even Sirius bow to him, even if it was only their heads. That was also good, though, because it meant his parents, uncle, and godfather were strong. "Do not mourn, Harry," Helios said. " They died heroes, a brave fate." Harry frowned. " How did you know?" "Snakes are loyal to few in their lives, much like Slytherin. Once we are loyal, we understand better. Tis old magic. I merely guessed on what I knew. One of which you look exactly like one James Potter." "Thank you," Harry said. He was close to the office now. James rushed back to his friends as fast as he could. "He was going to eat me! He thought I was a real stag though." he said once he had managed to catch his breath. "WHAT!" Sirius gasped. "I'll show him- " "No! Padfoot, tell me you didn't feel the power around him. Leave him be, you don't know what he….." James felt a sense of power pulse through him. "Shhh. Look!" It was the mystery boy. He was walking back up to the castle. They could see the way the land reacted to him. The trees were clearly leaning towards him and the path of flowers he left behind was very noticeable. As quietly as possible, they followed him back to the castle. "Look at his arms. Those are snakes!" said Remus, and so they were. If the fact that snakes were Slytherin's was put aside then Remus felt they were quite beautiful, with streaks of red and silver. "He is so a Death Eater." Whispered James. The boy walked back up into the castle and walked to Dumbledore's office. Remus wondered how he knew where it was. They saw as he walked the people without backbones bowing and those with a will only their heads. The boy ignored them and kept of walking. Sirius was sure that only a Death Eater could have that kind of power. This boy's robes billowed in it, everyone could feel his power as he passed like an oncoming thunderstorm, lightning and all. Hell, even nature bowed to him, and that wasn't natural. Maybe he was you-know-who in disguise? Abruptly the boy stopped and groaned. He seemed to have remembered something. Harry groaned. Fuck. He had endured all those stares and bows when he simply could have apparated to the office entrance. Harry listened. The wind was whispering to him, warning him that a package was coming to him, and he should take cover. Harry thanked her and asked her to continue to give reports such as suspicious activity and people approaching Hogwarts, to which she kindly accepted. Harry cast a quick invisible shield variation that wasn't as strong as his normal one, but he didn't want to attract attention to himself, so he hoped the package wasn't a spell, because the shield would shatter immediately. A ring of fire opened above his head. Oh, shit. Harry cast a softening spell so whoever would fall out wouldn't hurt themselves. First came a dog. Then three girls and two boys. One boy had flaming red hair identical to one of the girls'. Another boy and girl had platinum blonde hair, and one girl had wavy and slightly bushy brown hair. They bounced a little on the spell and scrambled to their feet. Ginny spotted Harry first. " Harry!" she ran up to him and squeezed him in a bone cracking hug. Many bystanders were shocked that she would dare approach this man of power. Sirius knocked Harry over and began licking his face. Harry gave a shout and attempted to push him off. "Happy to see you too Sirius, but I've already had a bath for today!" Hermione gave Harry a quick hug and they began walking, Harry up front, Ron and Hermione just behind him on each side, Ginny and Luna side by side, Draco taking up the rear, and Sirius walked by Harry's side as Harry explained where they were and the current information they had. Dumbledore was very anxious. Around the morning, rumors were reaching him through portraits and students, that a powerful man had arrived at Hogwarts. A man so powerful he compelled all others around him to bow, a man so powerful that trees leaned towards him as he passed, the man so powerful he could apparate in Hogwarts. Phineas Nigellus ran back into his portrait and said, "He is joined by five others, Headmaster, and a dog. They do not, however, give of the same aura as the first. They seem to be headed- "There was a knock at his office door. "Come in," he said. The door opened and Dumbledore was overwhelmed with a sense of power and an urge to bow. He simply nodded in acknowledgement, but saw many of the past Headmasters bowing around him. The group looked rather like a war squad, with diamond shape formation. The man in front, clearly the leader and the one giving off the power, smiled. "I am glad, Professor, that you are just as strong now as you are in the future. You didn't bow then either." Dumbledore started and told himself to pull it together. "Thank you, young man.