Chapter 1: Papers to Sign Hello all! It's been quite a while since I've published anything! Like, years. Wow. I've recently been reading through my old stories as well as some of my favorite stories by other authors, and I decided to pick up writing Fan Fiction again. For those of you who have read my other stories, do note that I was in high school when I wrote my old stories and now I am in college. Please let me know what you think of the changes in my writing style. I enjoy feedback. Thanks! Tears fell down Ginny's delicate face, her fiery red hair pulled back, but little thin strands had slipped out in the heat of the argument. Her stress was rising so fast, she could barely breathe. "How can you say things like that? In all the years we've been together." Harry had let his temper go to his head, and he wasn't about to let up just yet. "I feel strangled, Ginny. I can't live like this anymore. I have to do something." "Like what? All of our children are in school. The Auror department laid you off. There's nothing left to do, Harry!" "You don't understand! I can't just sit and do nothing!" Harry tossed his hands into the air. "I need to be out in the world!" "Doing what? Fighting dark magic? You can't go back to the days when you were The Chosen One! Those days are over. Now you're just normal Harry Potter living a normal life with your normal wife and normal kids. If that's not good enough for you, maybe you don't deserve it all!" Her trembling voice cracked, and her voice had started to become hoarse. "You know what?! Maybe I don't want it all! Maybe I don't want a normal life, Ginny! I never had a normal life before! What makes you think I want one now?!" Harry stomped over to the front door, pulling it open and then slamming it shut behind him with a huge bang that seemed to make the entire house quake with its echo. Ginny leaned against the wall and sank to the floor, sobbing quietly into her hands. Her worst fears had been confirmed. Harry had never really been happy with his life being with her. The only reason he had stayed was because of his Auror job. Harry was now 37, soon to be 38, and almost 21 years later, he had finally voiced the little bit of truth he had ever held back from her. Ginny cried on and on; for her husband, her children, her former life that had just been ruined, and most importantly, the heart she had just felt break inside her chest. All the years they had put into having a family had been undone in only a few months of unemployment. Honestly, she had confided with Hermione after their first ever fight, right after Harry had lost his job. Hermione had told her to keep a cool head and that their relationship was not over just because they had an argument. "Ron and I argue all the time," Hermione had said. "Usually it's because Ron feels unconfident in something or other, and sometimes he just needs to yell about something completely unrelated to show me how he feels. We may leave the room in a huff, but we always work it out in the end. Just try encouraging Harry to get another job. Maybe he could be a muggle police officer and fight muggle crime. I'm sure he'd be up for that." Ginny had tried with much effort to talk to Harry, but every time his unemployment was brought up, he would not say a word about it and just leave. She had just become so frustrated with it, and during another argument, she had yelled at Harry for being so dramatic thinking that the loss of his job was the end of the world. He had yelled back at her that the job had been more than just a job, and how she didn't understand how he felt. That was every argument. Ginny would just never understand how Harry felt because he would never tell her anymore. She longed for that connection, that trust, to come back to them. But alas, it had left for good. And now she curled up on the floor, knowing that Hermione was wrong about their relationship. It was over. Harry didn't really love her. He might have once, but not anymore. She couldn't stay with him like this. Whoever this man was, it was not the Harry she had fallen in love with, and she could sense, somewhere in her mind, how former Harry, who had been her world once upon a time, would never return. Ginny wept, covering the floor with her tears, staining her sleeves with them, until her eyes could no longer cry, and they burned with dryness. She stood, knowing she did not want to do this, but that Harry had left her no choice. A man had been sitting at his desk all day in the Ministry, doing nothing but paperwork. Day in and day out, that was pretty much his job. "Sign here," he would say, "and here. And here. Initial here. Sign here. And here." All day, every day, 365 days a year, for the past 36 and a half years of his life. He didn't need the drama, or the inevitable arguments that always occurred. He hated his job, and he made sure his clients knew it. The man had been just sitting, bathing in a black storm cloud of his own misery, when a fiery haired woman had approached. Her eyes were red and puffy and she was just generally a mess. Unfortunately for him, this was very usual. The man grumbled to himself and pulled a box of tissues from his desk in case of leakage. "Can I help you?" he asked in a stiff tone, not bothering to make eye contact. The woman sniffled and pulled a tissue from the self-refilling box to dab her eyes, though she knew she would cry no more tears. "Yes. I would like a divorce from my husband." The man sighed and rolled his eyes. "Well, of course. Why else would you be here?" His tone rose, and Ginny felt her own tone rise. "Well if you know why I'm here, why not just give me what I need?" The man looked up at Ginny, plastered a smile too sweet to be real, and said, "Ma'am, if you wish your day here to be much easier, I would prefer you not to raise your tone." "I won't raise my tone," Ginny spoke through her teeth, "if you won't raise yours." Only about a minute had gone by and already she didn't like this man. "I'm already not having the best of days. I would appreciate it if we could just both keep our cool." With a grumpy nod, the man pulled a thick stack of papers from his desk. "These are the official papers. You will need to sign them in front of the head of this department with your husband present." He pulled yet another stack about half the original's thickness (but still pretty thick) and placed it beside the other. "These are other official papers to work out what, of your things, belongs to whom. You will also sign them in front of the head of this department with your husband present. I would advise bringing a lawyer or sorts." And the tiniest of all the stacks yet. "These are papers to schedule your meeting with the head of this department, and more official papers which you will sign right here with me." All the emotion from his voice was gone when he said, "Let's go through them now, shall we?" He flipped to the first page, summarizing what the entire packet said, not even bothering to look at any of the pages. "Give me your finger." Ginny held out her finger and he pulled a pointed quill from his drawer and pricked it, drawing blood. Ginny gave a small sound of pain and pulled her finger back. Seeming to not care one bit, he handed her the quill and continued on, "Now sign here. And here." He flipped to the next page. "And here. And here." And then the next page. "Initial here, stating that you are making a final decision by signing all these papers. Sign here." The date magically appeared on every page, as if maybe it would take more than one day to sign them all. The man went on to the next pages. "Sign here if this was your own decision, with no agreement from your husband, or here if he has actually said something about divorce before. Sign here. And here." His voice just droned on and on, his words losing much of their meaning with his boredom. "Sign here, and here, and here, and here. Sign here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here." After hearing the dull words repeated so many times, Ginny thought about how they sounded weird, and completely foreign suddenly. "Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Initial here. Sign here. Here. Here. Here…" She could tell it would be a longer day than she had once thought. After storming out the door, Harry had not been sure of where to go. If it had been anything other than a fight with Ginny, he would have gone straight to Ron and Hermione's house. They were his best friends after all, and he could tell them anything (and usually he did). However, he knew this was different. Ginny was Ron's little sister. He would stick up for her no matter what, and Hermione was who Ginny confided in, so that probably wouldn't help either. Harry didn't want to be lectured. He wanted someone to talk to who would give him a solution to his bigger problem without caring about details from the more obvious problem. Unfortunately for Harry, that left no one. He was sure he was the only one who felt this way. Deep inside, he knew how selfish it was that he wanted to relive his glory days, especially since a lot of innocent people were murdered during those times. Everyone had been happy when Voldemort had died, and so had he, but he couldn't help feeling like his whole purpose in life had been to defeat the evil Dark Lord. When he was gone, what was he to do with his life? For a while, the answer had been to become an Auror and do what he was best at in the form of missions. He would do one after the other, catching rebellious Death Eaters and ridding the Wizarding World of anything related to the Dark Arts. And then the faithful day had come when Harry had been promoted to Head of the Auror office. He had rejoiced, and so had Ginny, Ron, and Hermione. They had thrown a celebration for it and all. He had enjoyed his work, making it his new life cause. For a while, his life purpose had been just to combat Dark Magic wherever it may be. He thought that Voldemort had only been his first task, and now he had so many more. He let himself become so involved, he considered his desk at the office his first home and his house with Ginny and the kids his second. The Aurors all respected him, not because of his past, but because of his persistence, determination, and spirit. They all felt so much more into their job when Harry was there, and they all grew on Harry like a second family. For twelve years, Harry had been happy knowing there was more to himself than just defeating Voldemort. He had a new reason to be alive, to wake up every day and be happy to do something he enjoyed for a