"Nico di Angelo." The booming voice called out my name. I took a deep breath. Finally, I'm going to be done with this hell. I walked up to the where the podium was placed on the stage. The principal, I never had the interest to learn his name, handed me my High School diploma. On cue I shook his hand and faced the crowd, I took a glance at my sister, Hazel, and she made a motion for me to smile. They better take a picture, this is the only chance they are going to get. I thought to myself as I smiled for a split second, Hazel and my best friend, Reyna, both put their cameras away and gave me a thumbs-up, I sighed and released my face from the torture. I walked off the stage and stood by the rest of the students that had already been called. Some nudged me and tried to joke around, but I wasn't paying attention. I had my eye on one thing, or one person. People kept walked past me to join their already called friends, but it didn't matter, his name was going to be called next and I was dying to see him smile one last time. "Will Solace." I breathe hitched. He was going on. As Will jogged up to the podium, I noticed what I was going to do. I can't stare at him while he smiles! He's going to come back here with everyone else and notice me staring at him. He's going to ask questions and eventually I'm going to have to tell him my feelings! No! Nico di Angelo does not become weak at the knees because of a simple guy. Well, even if he did, which he doesn't, Will would just be disgusted in him. Everyone would, well everyone excluding all his friends. "Argh! Why can't I think of anything right?!" I grabbed the ends of my hair and tugged at them. I'm so stupid sometimes! "Hey, is something wrong di Angelo? Why are you trying to make yourself bald?" I recognized the voice immediately. Will Solace . "I told you not to talk to me Solace." I glared at the guy standing next to me. He practically had an aura of sun rays spouting out of him. Will just laughed and threw his arm around my shoulder. Too close, too close, too close. Will sighed and stood me up straight. "Death boy, you're my best friend! I will always talk to you." This is why I like Will, well... aside from his godly features. Will is nice to everyone, but for some reason he considers me one of his best friends. I didn't know how to escape from Will's entrancing body and pheromone. So I did the best thing I could think of. I saw my tool talking to Chris Rodriguez a few feet away from us. "Oh, there's Lou Ellen. LOU ELLEN! GUESS WHAT WILL SAI-" A hand clamped my mouth. I was pulled away from Lou Ellen's point of view. "Okay, okay. If I leave you alone will you not tell Lou Ellen I called you my best friend?" Will, looked at me with pleading eyes, I was tempted to say no so he'll stay and talk to me but the graduation ceremony was coming to an end and Will was the student making the speech at the end. I nodded my head and removed Will's hand from my face and nudged him towards the stage. "Don't forget you have an inspiring speech to tell." I smirked as Will laughed and started to walk towards the stage's steps. I started to turn around so I can catch up with Reyna and Hazel as soon as possible. I didn't try pushing my way through the crowd since they seem to separate like the Red Sea. I was about to call on Reyna when a hand was placed on my shoulder. "Oh, and don't pull our hair like that, I don't want to see a bald Death Boy soon." Will's breath tickled my neck and I felt like melting into a puddle. Will chuckled and ran towards the stage as the principal called on him again. I touched the back of my neck and smiled a bit. I looked back as Will stood in front of the podium, and started the speech he wrote down. "Hi guys, I'm Will Solace and for this speech I want to thank Wikipedia and Google, also whoever made the copy and paste tool." A round of laughter was spread through the courtyard. "But, no seriously guys, I want to thank our teachers and even the lunch lady Juno. We all had great memories here, I personally met some great people. Some were magical and one of them was Deathly. High School graduation is an extremely important achievement for an individual. And I want to thank everyone, yes, everyone. People who didn't talk to me and people who ever gossiped about me. You guys are special in every way. Have a great time in college guys!" Will threw his grad cap in the air. And tens of others joined the sky with his. I decided to join the tradition and threw my ordinary grad cap into the air. The sky was decorated or black and blue as cheering and crying was heard around. I was going to call on Hazel when a group of people grabbed me and crushed my soul out. "Death breath you made it! High School may have been pretty crappy but you survived!" My cousin, Thalia, was holding my head to her chest. I felt a few back slaps and like one or two pats on the shoulders from the rest of my friends. I looked at who exactly decided to ambush me, when I saw some of the friends I made in the past month or so and the main couple of the whole school. Percy Jackson and Annabeth Chase we're standing next to each other smiling nervously at me. Behind them were the new trio I found, Jason Grace, Piper McLean, and Leo Valdez. I was only friends with Jason at first because he was the one who found out I was gay and he kept the secret until I told Percy I liked him once. Yes, I liked Percy once. At first he was questioning how he wasn't my "type" and then he questioned what a "type" was anyway. This went on for 3 weeks. Now we are more like brothers than anything. "Sorry about that Nico, Leo said he didn't see you after you came down the stage so we went looking for you. I didn't expect for Thalia to find you before us." Annabeth explained to me as Percy glared at Thalia. Always a competition between those two. "Sorry, Annie I had to see my cousin before anyone else. Especially that Reyna girl, she's always taking him away to that condo she has. He never visits me or Jason anymore." Thalia buried her face into my hair. Annabeth smacked Percy's arm and then glared at Thalia. "Thals, don't call me Annie, and Percy," She looked at Percy "Stop it with the competitions, neither of you are going to win a glaring contest." "Yes, ma'am." Percy agreed with Annabeth right after she finished talking. I chuckled at their actions. I have weird friends. "Nico! We we're looking for you, what happened?" I felt Hazel turn me around. I noticed that Hazel's boyfriend, Frank, joined the two girls. Reyna walked up to me and pulled on my ear. "You said you would find us before anything and we waited 10 minutes for you." Reyna glared me. As the whole group started to walk away, Reyna let go of my ear and pushed me to the front. In my "honor" we went to McDonalds for lunch. During the "ceremonial luncheon" Leo took all our food and made up eat it on the way to karaoke. We sang the whole night, and by "we," I mean everyone excluding me, Reyna, Annabeth, and Thalia. At the end of the day, Thalia dropped me and Hazel off home. I got undressed and made sure Hazel was asleep. I sat on my bed only in my boxers and pulled my laptop out. I opened it to see where I left off on the show I was watching, Doctor Who. Hazel was going to kill me or this but I couldn't wait to continue. I pressed play and watched the Time Lord and his companion adventure through Space and time until 5:00 in the morning. "NICO! WAKE UP THE ORIENTATION IS TODAY!" My eyes flew opened as I fell from my bed. Hazel stood above me with a glare. I wonder how long I've been asleep. "What were you doing last night? You slept through the 4 alarms that went off." Hazel grabbed the alarm clock that sat on my bedside table and showed me the time. It was 10:55 and I still wasn't dressed. Today was the orientation for the college I am going to. They are going to show us around campus and give us our dorm room. It's up to us to start during summer or to start when the official school year starts. I chose to start in the summer, the earlier I'm done with college the better. Hazel grabbed my arm and pulled me up. I patted my bed hair down as Hazel dug through my closet. I don't know what she's looking for, all I have in there are some black t-shirts, my aviator's jacket, and a few jeans. "Nico, why don't you wear anything else than black?" Hazel grabbed a black polo I didn't even know I had and a pair of jeans I just tossed aside. I got dressed while glancing at the clock every now and then. "Haze, you know why. Someday I'm going to blend into the shadows and no one is going to bother me. I just want to be alone." I turned around to show Hazel my outfit. She nodded and pushed me out the door with an apple in hand. "Nico, you can't be alone. One day someone is going to notice you for you. And they are going to love you. Chop, chop, hurry and get to the campus fast!" Hazel pushed me into my car and started the ignition for me. She closed the door and knocked on the window. "Nico, I'm sure you're going to find your special someone soon. Now drive." Hazel hit my arm through the window and kissed my cheek. I backed the car out of the parking space I took last night and drove to my next home for 4 years, Olympus University. When I parked my car in the school's parking lot, someone knocked on my door. I looked up to see Reyna. She was going to attend the College with me. I got out the car and Reyna took me by the shoulders and dragged me to the entrance. "Seriously, Nico you cannot be late like this. Who knows what would have happened if you missed the tour. I can only imagine you walking through these halls alone and lost." Reyna sneered at the thought and I nudged her when the tour guide cleared her throat. "Ahem! Hello, my name is Selina and I'm here to show you guys around. First of all, do not go inside any or the classrooms or Dorms. It may be summer but some students are still here." Selina smiled sweetly at us. I'm pretty sure the guys already like her. There was a guy at the front of the group who pulled Selina to the side as everyone started to talking about their high school years and such. I took a few glances at the pair conversing to the side. I couldn't really see who was talking to Selina, all I knew was that he had blonde curled hair,