This is my first every fanfic. I wrote this 2 years ago, and the only reason i have remembered i wrote it is thanks to TimeHop. So here it is. Why not post it? (I never thought i would actually post it. Its kinda scary.) Pretty sure MissWinkles looked over it at one point, so thanks Winks, although I've left it as it was originally, i appreciated your input. Any mistakes are mine, including any Australian-isms that might be accidentally thrown in there. I tried to adjust them. Twilight unfortunately isn't mine, nor the characters, however much i wish they were. As I sit here, contemplating what I need to take with me when I start my new life at Columbia University I wonder if I'm doing the right thing. I have everything here in Forks. My dad, friends, and an amazing boyfriend. I guess that is where my problem lies. I'm off to Columbia University in New York, and he is going to John Hopkins in Maryland. I guess I just don't know what I'm going to do. Edward Cullen moved to Forks two years ago, with his sister and brother who make up part of my group of friends. Since the first week we have been inseparable. It was literally love at first sight, which I really did not believe in until I met Edward. Alice insists we are soul mates. But here I am now; packing to move across the country, we all are moving across the country, but Edward is going to be over 3 hours away. I guess in reality, it isn't very far, but it doesn't mean I have to like it. My best friend, Alice is Edward's twin sister. Since her first day at Forks High when we had the same English class together, she vowed we were going to be best friends. She was right. Anyway, she is going to be at Parsons school of Design because she is freaking unbelievable. She has been making her own clothes for ages. She made her prom dress. Only Alice would be game enough to try, and she had the best dress there. Emmett is Edward's older brother and although he is a year older and away at college, he is like the older brother I never had. He's a freaking giant, but such a teddy bear. He is currently at Columbia University studying sports medicine. He was on the Forks High football team, but unfortunately was injured during the second last game of the season. Such bad luck. He was going to get a football scholarship, but due to his injury decided to go into sports medicine instead. You would think that because he played football he would be a big meathead, and sometimes he is, but he is also super smart. The other two people in my group of friends are also twins. They have been my friends since we were in diapers, Jasper and Rosalie Hale. They live next door and we always had sleepovers and played in the forest behind our houses. We were always together, and when Renee left, they were there for me, which I can never thank them enough for. Jasper is moving to New York too, He is going to the New York University though, to do their History program, one of the best in the country. He has always had a thing for history. Heck, he has a Texan accent even though he moved from Texas to Forks when he was one. Says it gets all the ladies. Well it got him Alice so I guess he's right in part. Rosalie is going to Columbia too, to study medicine. She and Emmett have had a "thing" for a while. Well, whenever he comes home anyway. I'm sure he's had a few "friends" while he's away but Rosalie has been a one-man woman. The week after he leaves has always been hard on her, but now that they'll be together at school, I'm sure they'll be together as a couple. Emmett didn't want to commit because of the distance and he felt it wasn't fair for Rosalie, and she never told him that it wasn't just hooking up for her, she's actually in love with him. That leaves us with my Edward. The only one that isn't headed to New York. John Hopkins is one of the best Medical school, and the fact he got accepted is amazing, and I truly am happy for him, I'm just unsure of where that leaves us. I need to get back to work, only a week left to pack everything. Edward is coming over tonight, while Charlie is on the graveyard shift at work. Charlie is my dad, and he is the Police Chief of Forks. I hope that when I leave he and the receptionist at the station get together. Sue is perfect for him and I'm hoping when I'm gone she will help him feel less lonely. As I clear off my bed I think of the first time Edward and I were together, intimately. He was so gentle, and we were both a little scared. First time for both of us, but it was amazing. And now any chance we get, we do it. After my bed is clear I head downstairs to start dinner. It's kind of a ritual. Whenever Charlie has the graveyard shift, all our friends come over for dinner, and after they leave Edward stays the night. Yes Charlie knows he stays, and although he tried to have 'the talk' with me, he gave up and asked Esme, Edward's mom to do it instead. That was an awkward conversation. 'Your sleeping with my son, but here is what you need to know about sex'. I told her we were safe and thankfully not many questions were asked. Tonight for dinner I decided we would have Taco's. They are so easy and everyone serves themselves. As I make my way downstairs I hear a commotion outside my front door. I guess Emmett is here. As I open the door, the whole crew is there, but Emmett of course is the loudest of the lot. "Bells, where's dinner?" Emmett asks as he barges past me almost knocking me to the floor and he sits his large frame on the couch flipping the television to the sports channel. "Hi Bella, how are you? How's the packing coming along?" "Fine Emmett thanks for asking" I say loudly and sarcastically. As Edward walks in he checks me over to make sure I'm not hurt. "Bella, are you okay baby? Emmett your such an asshole!" "Take it easy Eddie boy, she's fine". "Em, because you almost knocked me to the floor you'll be the last to get your dinner, and your not allowed to go back for thirds". "Belllaaa" Emmett whines, "why are you so mean?" "Give it a rest you big oaf, you could have really hurt her. Don't make me cut you off." "Okay Rosie. Sorry Bella." Gotta love Rosalie, only she can make Emmett do whatever she want, and act like a normal human being. "Okay guys, tonight for dinner we are having tacos and burritos, and because your all here early, you can all give me a hand with the prep. As Jasper and Alice come in from inside they all start prep, Alice is grating cheese, Jasper is dicing tomatoes, Emmett is slicing lettuce under Rosalie's supervision and Edward is helping me with the mince. Okay, by help I mean standing behind me torturing me with his rather large erection pressing into my ass. I really would prefer if we were alone, but this is the last night we'd all be together before we start heading to the other side of the country. 15 minutes later and we are all settled at the table with our dinner talking about what life is going to be like away at college. Jasper, Alice, Rosalie and Emmett are all talking very animatedly but Edward and I are quiet. We haven't spoken about it since he told me he was accepted into John Hopkins. It wasn't the only school he applied to, but it was the best. I accepted that he was going, but I preferred to avoid the subject, it probably isn't a healthy thing to do, but it's working for the moment. As dinner is coming to an end, except for Emmett, who is up to his fourth serving of food, after he pleaded for me to let him have more than what I allowed after he almost knocked me on my arse, Em starts talking about how he fills in for drums in his friends band when their drummer is sick. Apparently the week after we get to New York he has to fill in at a local club. He invites us all to go, and since we are all moving into the same apartment building we are going to go together. Except Edward. He seems to be exceptionally quiet tonight, and I can't figure out why, but he also can't stop touching me, and me him. As I look to him, he leans forward to give me a kiss, and it turns from a soft, sweet kiss into a kiss where we are both fighting for dominance. Suddenly "Whooooooo" is called out from across the table, and then a thwacking sound followed by "Owwww Rosie, what was that for?" Obviously it was Emmett, who decided to interrupt that fabulous kiss, but lucky he did or our friends may have just been treated to a show that they probably wouldn't want to see. Except maybe Emmett who is the biggest perv I have ever met. "So, that's our cue to leave and let you, do your thing", Jasper drawls in his Texan accent for which I have no idea why he is using. "We'll see you guys tomorrow. Don't do anything I wouldn't do Bella." And that's Rosalie, the second biggest perv I have ever met. Her and Emmett are made for each other. As we stand to leave and walk them to the door Alice comes up to hug me and whispers in my ear "Edward needs to talk to you. I love you bestie." And then louder "see you tomorrow Bella." As everyone walks out the door my nerves shoot through the roof. Why does Edward need to talk to me? Is he breaking up with me? Is this our last night together? Edward shuts the door and turns to look at me, seeing the distressed look on my face comes to hug me. "My sweet Bella, why do you look like you've seen a ghost? What's wrong?" "Why… umm… Alice said that you needed to talk to me. What about? Is everything okay?" "Let's not talk about it now, I just want to go up to bed, and make love, and then snuggle. What I need to talk to you about can wait till tomorrow." "Edward, if your breaking up with me, just tell me. I can take it. But I would prefer of we could try the long distance thing at first. Your only going to be a few hours away, we can still see…" I'm stopped by Edward's soft lips on mine. "Baby, I'm not breaking up with you. Ever. That's not what I have to talk to you about but I was serious when I said that we could talk about it later. Tomorrow even. " All of a sudden I'm swept off my feet and carried bridal style upstairs. "Edward, don't drop me. Or bump my head" I plead. That is the last thing I need. "Sshhh beautiful, I wont let you get hurt." As he lays me down on the bed and covers my body with his, I feel his erection pressing into my stomach. He presses his lips to my own, and I feel the same tingling between my legs every time he kisses me. God