Frodo looked around themine of Moria while following Gandalf. He noticed a lot of bats on the walls and some parts of the ceiling that could be seen. All of the red little eyes were pointed into the newcomers. He guessed that visitors were rare in Moria. He noticed a bat with strange blue eyes. When their looks met it flew away. Frodo went slowly to the front to tell that to Gandalf. -Blue eyes you say? Frodo nodded. -Where did it fly of to? -There. He pointed in the way they were going. Gandalf slightly laughed. -I guess it is true then. -What is? -The tale of the Gate Keeper. You see, Frodo, ever since few years ago there has been a tale of a monster keeping a gate in Moria. They say its servants are bats with blue eyes and that the creature doesn't let anyone go trough without a price to pay. Often the price is their life, but sometimes only blood. There have been a few Orcs spreading these tales around. They said their friends got eaten. Frodo didn't question how Gandalf found out about these Orc-tales. He knew Gandalf had ears and eyes all over the Middle Earth. However he was slightly afraid of those tales. If they were true, then what will the monster take from them? Blood? Food? Lives? Or maybe the Ring itself? His thoughts were interrupted by Aragorn's voice. -Watch your step. They were climbing some stairs right now. Then the fellowship came to a little clearing with three doors. -I have no memory of this place. Gandalf said. They all decided to sit down and give the wizard some time to remember. -Are we lost? -No. -I think we are. -Shhh! Gandalf's thinking. -Merry? -What? -I'm hungry. Their conversation soon stopped. The silence of Moria started to get to everyone in the fellowship. Frodo noticed something moving down in the mine. He hurried to Gandalf. -There's something down there. -It's Gollum. -Gollum? -He's been following us for three days. -He escaped the dungeons of Barad-Dur! -Escaped? Or was set loose? From the dark depths of the mine a pair of eyes shone upwards. -He hates and loves the Ring, as he hates and loves himself. He will never be rid of his need for it. -It's a pity Bilbo didn't kill him when he had the chance! -Pity? It was pity that stayed Bilbo's hand. Many that live deserve death, and some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them, Frodo? -Do not be too eager to deal out death in judgment. Even the very wise can not see all ends. My heart tells me that Gollum has some part to play yet, for good or ill, before this is over. The pity of Bilbo may rule the fate of many. Frodo slowly sat beside the old wizard and looked before himself. -I wish the Ring had never come to me. I wish none of this had happened. -So do all who live to see such times, but that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us. There are other forces at work in this world Frodo besides the will of evil. Bilbo was meant to find the Ring, in which case you also were meant to have it. And that is an encouraging thought. Suddenly he looked at the passage. -Ah! It's that way. -He's remembered! -No, but the air doesn't smell so foul down here. If in doubt, Meriadoc, always follow your nose. -Typical old Gandalf. A voice was heard from that passage. Everyone looked towards the darkness searching for the one who spoke. -So, you are here after all, Gate Keeper. Light laughter was heard. It sounded like a fast river coming down the mountains. -Ah, I wonder what will they call me next? The Price Taker? Or something like that. Though, I am glad that you came. I haven't had anything but Orc blood in years. -Show yourself! Gandalf shouted as he pointed his staff into the passage. -No need for violence, I will come out, though, I do not like the light. A figure stepped out of the shadows. Everyone was ready to strike at it. Gandalf moved his staff so there was enough light to see the person in the dark. A slim woman, maybe 20, came into their view. Her hair was partly black and partly red, tied up into a messy bun behind her little red crown. The young face was like carved into porcelain, her skin a little pale but not too much. Her eyes were light blue with a tint of purple, just like the deep ocean under the night sky. Her lips were full yet they formed a lustful smile showing white teeth and sharp fangs. She wore a red dress that hugged her well-formed body. Parts of the dress were darker with a little bit of mithril inside them. There was a long sword hanging from her waist. The only thing that stood out of her picture was dirt and dust all over her. -So, it is you, just as I thought. -Why, Gandalf, I never thought that I would see you here. -Need is our lead, how the old of your race would say. Her laughter was heard once again. -What will you take from us to let us pass, Amaranth of the Vampire kingdom? -I shall ask three questions and if you answer from your heart I will let you trough, though, if you do not answer truthfully I shall take your blood. It would be a nice change. -I would like you to lead us safely trough the mine if we answer your questions right. She grinned. -But then I can take whatever I like from you. A small smile played over Gandalf's lips. -We have a deal then. -You have my word. -Ask your questions. She looked directly at Frodo. -What is it that you are afraid of, Frodo Baggins? He looked at the floor for a moment and then answered silently. -I'm afraid of what will come if this task should fail. She smiled a bit. -What is the thing you fight for? -I fight for everything to stay as it is. -And what do you believe in? -I believe in the Shire and everything else that I hold dear to me. A smile spread across her lips. It was not a lustful smile, but a sweet one that looked to Frodo like an angel smiled to him. She walked into the passage. -Follow me. You haven't even gone trough half of Moria. It is a long way out and you are in a hurry I believe. Gandalf smiled a bit. -We are indeed. The whole fellowship followed Amaranth down a stairway and into a big realm of darkness. -Let me risk a little more light. Gandalf lifted his staff and light filled a huge hall of stone lined with tall pillars and arched ceilings as far as the eye can see. Everyone looked around except Amaranth. There was sorrow on her face. -Behold the great realm and dwarf city of Dwarrowdelf. -Now there's an eye opener and no mistake. -I wish you could've seen this when dwarves were here. This hall was always full of music and voices happily talking to each other. I miss those times. Gimli looked like he was about to say something when Gandalf interrupted. -C'mon we need to hurry. They all went forward, when Gimli noticed a room with a little bit of sunlight coming trough the ceiling. He ran over there. -Gimli! But he didn't stop. He knelt by the tomb inside. Amaranth was soon beside him, putting a reassuring hand to his shoulder, giving him comfort. Then she moved away giving Boromir a chance to copy her movements because Gimli didn't stop saying 'no' and sobbing. Gandalf went to the writing on the stone of the tomb. -"Here lays Balin, son of Fundin, Lord of Moria." He is dead then. It's as I feared. -He fell with honor. Gandalf gave Pipin his staff and hat and then picked up a book from one of the corpses. -We must move on, we cannot linger! Amaranth heard Legolas say to Aragorn. -"They have taken the bridge, and the second hall. We have barred the gates, but cannot hold them for long. The ground shakes. Drums, drums in the deep. We cannot get out. A Shadow moves in the dark. We cannot get out...They are coming." Then Pipin touched an arrow inside a corpse on the edge. It fell down pulling a chain and a bucket along. He winced at each sound hoping that no Orc heard that. When silence came the Fellowship slowly relaxed. -Fool of a Took! Throw yourself in next time and rid us of your stupidity! Then an echo of drums was heard trough that gap. Everyone looked that way. It was heard again, going faster and faster. Some Orc voices were heard too. Fear was visible on their faces. -Frodo! He drew his sword. It was shining. -Orcs! Legolas said. Boromir went to the door and a few arrows were shot near his head. He groaned and started closing the heavy door. -Get back! Stay close to Gandalf! Aragorn yelled to Hobbits while going to help Boromir. They closed the door. -They have a cave troll! Boromir said expressing his frustration in his words. -Use these! Amaranth took one of the big axes and threw it to Aragon. Legolas did the same. When the doors were barracked they went backwards and drew their weapons. Gimli jumped onto Balin's tomb and took out his axe. -Aarrgghhh!!! Let them come! There is one dwarf yet in Moria that still draws breath! Soon doors were attacked. Aragorn and Legolas shot some Orcs trough the holes that were made on the doors. Then they broke in and the fight begun. Aragorn and Legolas were still shooting, but soon Aragorn took out his sword. Boromir and Gimli were doing their best while all the Hobbits were really scared, and were hiding behind Gandalf most of the time. When the wizard yelled and went forward fighting enemies so did they. Amaranth pulled out her long sword and started killing the Orcs. The fight was going well until the troll was led in. It was huge. Big arms crashed the remainings of the door and went searching for a prey. Legolas shot it, only making it angrier. The creature tried to smash Sam but he escaped trough its legs. As it turned to catch his prey Aragorn and Boromir pulled the chain around his neck, stopping his attempt. Aragorn soon let go but Boromir didn't and that resulted in him being thrown against the wall. Aragorn threw his sword to stop an Orc in killing his companion. Boromir soon stood up and continued fighting. Gimli threw his axe at the troll but it did no damage except angering it more. The monster smashed Balin's tomb and went after Gimli. Legolas shot it catching its attention in the process. The troll swung its chain and attempted to kill the elf, but it just got tied up to a pillar. Legolas jumped onto its back and shot some arrows into the monsters head. He soon had to jump down because the creature was blind with rage at the moment. Sam forgot about his sword and used a pan instead. -I think I'm getting the hang of this. The troll saw Frodo and went for him. He tried to hide but the creature lifted him. -Aragorn? Aragorn! He yelled. Aragorn jumped in with a spear and stabbed the troll. Then the man was sent flying across the room. Amaranth saw the troll swinging the spear at Frodo. Her eyes changed color, ready to use her speed to save the Hobbit, and then she noticed a little