Disclaimer: All characters and places depicted are the sole property of the JRR Tolkien Estate, my only claim to fame is this small piece of fiction. No copyright infringement is intended. Medical Disclaimer: While extensive research has been done, none of the cures or procedures depicted in this story should be used without first consulting a medical professional. Also there may be graphic medical details and wee hobbit behinds in this chapter, so if that makes you squeamish, you'd better pass. Phantasm Chapter One Trials and Tribulations He was exhausted and his chest ached painfully as he tried to pull the thin air into his lungs. They had climbed for what must have been, hours until his feet had lost all sensation. He wished, not for the first time, that he'd had a walking stick. But then again, the snow was so deep he was sure it would have been more of a hindrance than a help. He slipped and fell to his knees for the fifth time in an hour. "Mr. Frodo, are you alright, sir?" Sam was instantly by his side helping him up. "Yes Sam, I am fine," he growled. He hated being short with Sam but had grown weary of the constant attentions of the Fellowship. He coughed thickly and rose to his feet. He staggered as a wave of vertigo swept over him and black sparks snapped before his eyes. The brilliant white landscape sent slivers of pain through his eyes and into his head. The once pale complexion was now red and chapped and his lips were so dry that they had cracked and bled. "Are ya sure, sir? You don't look so good, beggin' your pardon," Sam said studying his master's worn appearance. He noted the dark blue circles under Frodo's eyes and the hollowed cheeks that were red from the wind and sat amidst a sea of pale skin. "M fine," Frodo mumbled and began trudging up the mountain once again. Sam stood and watched as his master walked slowly away, and shook his head. Frodo watched as Boromir herded his two cousins along. They had long since ceased their happy banter and complaints about lack of food and now struggled behind the huge man as he broke a trail for them to walk in. Gandalf led the group, fighting through the snow with his tall staff, stopping periodically to find the covered path. Gimli trailed along behind Merry and Pippin, his breaths issuing as blasts of white on the cold mountain air. Sam, with Bill, followed Gimli, speaking soft words of encouragement to the small pony as he struggled to bring his tired legs up and out of the snow. Legolas moved across the snow as if it were no different than mere dirt, running first to the fore then back along the chain of souls traversing the harsh landscape. Frodo watched him as he swept past him up the slope like he was walking on air and felt sudden envy for the elf's infinite grace, long legs and small feet; allowing him to traverse the slope easily. He suddenly felt self conscious of his short, stubby legs, overlarge feet and total lack of grace, whatsoever. "Oof," Frodo swore a dwarfish curse as he slipped and fell once again. 'Should've watched what I was doing instead of watching that annoying elf,' he thought to himself. "Frodo? Perhaps we should stop for awhile so that you might take a rest," Aragorn said worriedly, as he pulled Frodo to his feet. "That is not necessary," Frodo said stiffly. Aragorn looked hard at Frodo's face. "Are you ill, Frodo? You seem to be having trouble breathing and your color is not good," Aragorn asked as his healer side kicked in and he scrutinized the ringbearer. "I am fine," Frodo said tersely, enunciating each word carefully, pulling his hood up to hide his features. He turned and, once again, resumed the climb. Aragorn was not so certain about Frodo being 'fine'. While he had stood before him he had noticed a definite blue tinge to the hobbit's normally pale complexion. Dark circles wreathed his eyes while the lips had been of a purplish hue. Also there had been the gurgling rasp he had heard with each of Frodo's inhalations. He made a mental note to check him over thoroughly at the next rest stop that they took. He looked up at the huge expanse before him, if they found a place to rest, that is. They would be most fortunate to find any haven to shelter them, even for just a few hours, against the unrelenting wind and cold. Carhadras loomed over him, its huge pinnacle a mocking finger, as they clamored across the expanse of the open, unprotected dome at its base. He sighed. He would follow closely behind Frodo and carry him, if necessary, to get to the first rocky outcrop and, perhaps, some small shelter. No one spoke, no one except the Ring, that is. Frodo had almost grown accustomed to Its incessant threats, cajoling and promises over the last few weeks. He knew he must have been going insane to be able to almost ignore It as It wove Its way about his consciousness. He could have, perhaps, ignored the unceasing litany if It had only allowed him some small peace while he tried to rest. But It was as if It knew he needed that tranquility and so redoubled Its efforts, tearing at his mind even more relentlessly at those times. As a result Frodo had not slept, not rested, in many long days and nights. The results were inevitable; he became more and more fractious and perturbed. He had lost any appetite he had once had, the mere thought of food bringing on nausea, and snapped at any who tried to make him eat. He began to feel that he was being observed from without the Fellowship, as well as from within, and this only made his agitation and paranoia more pronounced. The lack of food and slumber had made his limbs ungainly causing him to fall frequently and he found he could scarcely carry on a conversation, even if he had wanted to, which he hadn't, because he could no longer think clearly enough to complete a sentence. This left him reeling in a constant state of numbness where all he heard or felt was what the Ring wanted him to. It was a constant battle of wills between he and the Ring, but his strength was ebbing and he feared the Ring would win while he succumbed to madness. They toiled upward until, finally, they had stopped for a short rest after midday. As Aragorn had thought there was no respite from the biting wind and they had been forced to stop in the center of the huge expanse of open hillside, and sit in the snow to eat a meager meal and rest, if they could. Groans were heard all around as packs were shed then opened in search of any food that wasn't too frozen to eat. Frodo sat down heavily, pulling his cloak about him, and curled onto his side. Sam selected some dried fruit, a husk of hard bread and some jerky and approached the prone figure. "Here, Mr. Frodo, somethin' for you to eat, sir," he said cheerily. He produced a water skin and sat down next to his master. Frodo's eyes were closed but Sam could tell he wasn't asleep by the trembling of his arms and legs and the rapid rise and fall of his chest. "Master?" he said placing a light hand on Frodo's shoulder. Frodo rolled over slowly eyeing the gardener. "Somethin' to eat, sir?" he said again, softly. Frodo blinked, trying to focus on Sam's face. "No. No, thank you, Sam. 'M not hungry," Frodo murmured closing his eyes and rolling back over. "Beggin' your pardon, sir, but you ain't eaten naught for better'n a day. Now, I could get Mr. Strider and see what he says about this whole thing or..." "Fine Sam. Fine," Frodo fairly snarled. "I'll eat." He slowly sat up, his head pounding at the sudden movement and watched as the landscape pitched oddly. He felt his stomach lurch. He grit his teeth to keep from retching and turned to face Sam. Sam ignored the sharpness with which Frodo's words had been spoken, too delighted to have succeeded in getting his master to eat even if it had involved trickery. He handed Frodo first the water skin and, after Frodo had drank, gave him the small plate. Frodo swallowed thickly as he looked over the offering. "I'm sorry it couldn't be more, Mr. Frodo," Sam murmured after seeing Frodo's reaction. "It's fine, Sam, thank you," he gave the gardener a small smile and Sam left to take care of Bill. Aragorn watched the exchange and was silently impressed with Sam's use of blackmail to get the ringbearer to eat. He sat, unobtrusively smoking, and watched Frodo reach out with shaking hands to grasp a small sliver of dried apple. He frowned in concern. Trembling, to a degree, was to be expected in such frigid terrain but this was more than some minor tremor. Frodo placed the tidbit in his mouth and chewed slowly. After swallowing he retrieved another piece of apple and repeated the motion. In this manner he ate most of the fruit. After looking sureptuously about him to make sure no one watched, he buried the hard bread and meats covering it over with more snow. A few moments passed where he sat and stared off at the harsh landscape and then he slowly rose and began to walk away. "Somethin' I kin get for you, sir?" asked Sam from over by Bill. Frodo stopped and Aragorn watched as he stood very still, his back to them all, clenching and unclenching his hands. "No Sam. Just going to use the privy," he said, his voice hoarse. He began to walk off again, as Strider continued to watch, until he had separated himself from the others by sufficient distance in order to relieve himself while being unobserved. But as Aragorn watched he saw him fall to his knees and begin retching. Aragorn was on his feet immediately, moving quickly, but not so fast as to alert the rest of the Fellowship. When he reached Frodo's side, Frodo was burying the evidence and wiping his hands and mouth with his cloak. "Frodo?" Frodo jumped, startled that someone had stole up behind him and possibly seen him being sick in the snow. He glanced quickly up at Aragorn. "Can't I even go to the loo without someone following me?" he growled. Aragorn spread his hands in a supplicating gesture. "I apologize, Frodo, but I thought perhaps men and hobbits ideas of relieving themselves must be very different because that was not what I witnessed," Aragorn said gamely. "What? So now you're spying on me when I go to the bathroom? How dare you. Have I no rights to privacy anymore?" Frodo hissed. "Again, my apologies, Master Baggins, but you have not acted well for this whole day so I have been watching you more closely," Aragorn replied, refusing to back down, as Sam would have, and simply walk away. "You are ill, Frodo, and I want to look you over to see what might be done to correct the situation," he said firmly. "No." "What did you say? You have little choice in the matter, Frodo. I care about you and want you to stay healthy. I know that the Ring is exacting a high toll on your mind and body and want to make sure that you have sufficient strength to fight off Its influence and feel some small amount of peace, by taking care of you and making your other burdens lighter. Frodo had laughed bitterly at the mention of 'finding peace', something he seldom had anymore. "That is very kind of