Everything was quiet. The wind blew through the trees and brushed gently against the leaves on the ground. Dryads and other tree spirits were intently watching; waiting for the challenge to begin. "No Kat! Where the hell are you going?!" An annoyed whisper carried on the breeze, following the small girl as she snuck quickly and obliviously through the tall grass and up to a tree. She began to climb, a thin red flag clutched in one hand. Behind her, the bushes rustled as a group of boys followed her into the open. They carried various weapons and shields and were staring with exasperated smiles at their stubborn cabinmate. "Kat, how many times do we have to tell you that the flag needs to be placed in the open?! We tell you this every time we play Capture the Flag!" Travis Stoll, the older of the twins, reached up and easily plucked her off of the bottom of the tree. He took the flag from her hands and gave it to Michael, who disappeared with Will to place the flag in their usual spot. It was one day before the end of summer and the majority of the campers would be returning to school the week after. The last Capture the Flag game was the most competitive, as well as the most fun since one had their last chance to strategize and fight with the camp. This time, it was the Hermes, Hephaestus, and Apollo cabins fighting everyone else. At the end of the year there was no one as enthusiastic about the game as Kaitlyn. As the smallest person her age in the camp and the tiniest in her cabin, it was a challenge to prove herself, plus, as she was one of the few to leave early, it was her last shot with her friends. Every game usually began with the attempt to change the rules. To her, it was foolish. Why leave the flag in the open? Half the fun was simply searching for the banner, and assuming the flag was kept the same color and shape, hiding it was one of the best protections! Unfortunately for her, it was always denied, usually ending with her hanging, as she was then, playfully made fun of for her stature and light weight. Upon being placed on the floor, Kat turned to face the rest of the group. Most of the Apollo kids were assigned to protect the flag and would generally snipe from the trees or arrange surprise attacks with Hermes kids. With Hephaestus on their side for the first time, they had decided to go full-frontal and strategize offensively using the secretive and strong weapons to full advantage. "Are you sure this is even going to work?" She hissed into Travis's ear. She had suggested taking the smallest for a quick scouting mission; hopefully for an opportunity to quickly sneak in and steal the flag. The majority of their team however were all large brutes and had shot that plan down. Grudgingly she was forced to accompany and perform a diversion as another group charged the enemy flag. It's blue hue was easily visible from across the river, which she had spotted after scaling a tall tree and doing reconnaissance. "Just do it!" Was the typical reply, usually followed by a smile. She saluted him and gestured to the five people following her to break off from their pack. This was the dangerous part. On the off chance a monster would show up, and one usually did at this point, their small numbers might make it hard to take the beast out. Kat led her group to the other side of the flag's location, opposite to where the rest of the team was. After a few hand gestures exchanged between them their group split up further. The first three let out loud cries and charged directly towards enemy lines. The noise would probably attract monsters, but was the signal for the other group to begin. She waited a few seconds, hands impatiently letting go of her weapon to fix her bun that had long brown strands spilling out distractingly. A loud whistle startled her, causing Kat to be the last to follow her group into the action where a rather large brawl had begun. Demigods were strewn across the clearing fighting head on, swords swinging in deadly arcs, the clang of metal making more noise than the yells from before. It only took her a moment to find a free opponent. With a small battle cry, she jumped into the fray, dodged the people around her, and headed straight for who she could now make out as a child of Demeter. Her knife met Katie's short sword with a loud clang, causing Kat to stumble from the force. Kat pulled back, trying to prevent her ADHD from making her instinctively charge and attack the other girl. She needed to be smart and avoid getting injured. As Katie leaned forward to attack, Kat ducked backward from the swipe and quickly moved sideways, swiping low and fast at her exposed legs. Katie moved in return, their exchange turning into a deadly dance of blades and skills. "Why can't you just stay still?" panted the child of Demeter as Kat's continual evasion turned frustrating. Kat's childish reply of a stuck out tongue was returned with a muttered curse and quick flip of the bird. "Crap!" Kat heard someone behind her fall with a moan of pain and a few panicked screams filled the area. Both girls paused to see the new arrival of three large hellhounds. One had attacked a few campers who had been too slow to move out of the way while the other two were slowly circling the group, snarling and baring their fangs. "Crap." Kat repeated, moving a kid standing next to her as one of the hounds leaped forward. She darted to the side and slashed wildly, nicking the creature on its face and bringing its' attention to her. She darted away again, moving backwards away from it as fast as she could. It lumbered after her, pawsteps heavy but sure as it followed without care of what it stepped on. "Hey! Yeah, you, you ugly mutt, get over here!" Both Kat and the hellhound whipped their heads to the side to see Percy and a group of other campers. With a yell they charged into the fray, brandishing their weapons and making as much commotion as they could to distract the beasts. Kat's hellhound leaped towards Percy, large jaws snapping very close to his face. Kat cursed under her breath, readjusting her grip on her knife and sneaking forward. As Percy began to become overwhelmed, she whistled loudly. It snarled and turned again towards her. It really was kind of alarming how stupid some monsters were, she mused as she was forced to retreat. Kat figured that the two of them would have to keep distracting the creature until Percy could actually stab it. It goes to say that one should never count their chickens before they hatch. While attempting to maneuver with some fancy footwork, her legs got tangled up and she tripped over an extremely inconveniently placed rock. "Freaking cliches!" Kat spat out, performing a roll that seemed more of a flail. It's just my luck. Exactly when people need me, I fall. Brilliant. It dropped painfully down on top of her. Its large body easily covered hers and its furry mass obscured her vision. I screwed up, she realized a moment before the hellhound finally hit its target. Well, sort of. Kat's vision blurred as she moved her head from where it was about to be crushed in a monster's jaws. It's teeth grazed her forehead, her head throbbing from hitting the ground so hard. Her body collapsed awkwardly. An annoying throb was originating from her wrist. Kat heard a shout from above her, and then she had the oddest feeling of being covered in dust before it disappeared. She was left with and uncomfortable ache in too many places at once. "You ok?" She tried to nod, seeing only a blob of mixed browns in front of her face. Shaking her head cleared her vision for a second, and she made out Percy's vibrant blue eyes. "You've got really nice eyes. Have I ever told you that?" Kat murmured as everything started swimming in her head. The annoying shouts and jostling of her body sure wasn't helping. "Blue is my favorite color." She whispered before closing her eyes and allowing the darkness to take over. "Is she waking up? I need to tell her the good news!" "Don't tell her yet, she'll get excited and rip her stitches." "She won't need stitches after she has some ambrosia!" Someone really needed to tone down the enthusiasm. Kat groaned, feeling detached from her body. She opened her eyes to be greeted with a group of people, each wearing various expressions of concern or happiness. "You're ALIVE!" Travis yelled, a large grin stretched upon his face. Kat snorted delicately. "Was it that bad? I can't remember anything clearly after the hound fell on me." Travis laughed at her, patting her shoulder with enough force to have her wincing in pain. "Do you want the good news first or the bad news?" Percy spoke up from his side of the bed. Kat shrugged. "Well the good news is that your side won Capture the Flag, but the bad news is that the hellhound broke your wrist and its going to need a cast for the next few weeks or so." Kat, who had cheered at their victory, choked on the water she was drinking. "What?" Kat shot up from her bed before whimpering and leaning back down. "Are you sure it can't be fixed?" She massaged her bruised leg while staring down Annabeth and the Apollo kid that had most likely healed her. She received a helpless shake of the head. Kat could feel her breath quickening. She would become injured the day before her mother came to pick her up. She would absolutely freak out, not to mention never allow her into camp again. "Are you sure?" She begged one last time, desperately clinging to one little sliver of hope. At the shakes and helpless shrugs from her friends, her hopes shattered. "Great," She groaned. "I hope you have a good school year!" Annabeth hugged Kat, mindful of her arm, which was wrapped in a cast. "Make sure that if you need anything you Iris-message us. I hid drachmas in your bag, and I slipped a knife between your clothes. Hopefully your mom won't find this one." Kat hummed in agreement, remembering the last time her mother had seen her weapons. Even though they were celestial bronze and couldn't actually hurt anyone in the family, her mother had still forced her to throw it in the river. She hoped the river god there wasn't angry. "Thanks Annabeth. Where's Percy? I have to reassure him that I'm coming back." She gave Annabeth a serious look. "No matter what my mom says, I'll always come back." The child of Athena nodded and gestured to the Poseidon cabin. "I think he's in there. Bye." They shared one last hug before Kat lifted her duffel with her good hand and strolled towards the cabin. It was rather pretty, she mused as she stood in the doorway, gently knocking. "Percy?" she gasped as he slammed her into the ground, wrapping her arms around her for a bear hug. "Percy I love you and all, but that wasn't the best idea." She winced as her fall jostled her wrist. "You know, I knew that Percy was falling for someone but I never thought you'd sink to his level." Kat looked up to see Clarisse grinning down at them. Kat blushed at the implications of their position, and after shoving Percy off of her, accepted Clarisse's hand. "I will miss