A HUGE thanks to the author's Starblade176 for helping me more than you know on this re-write. I also need to thank Solaerius and Zoegurl49 for all the help writing multiple scenes. Please search up all three of those fantastic authors. Author's Note: Hello everyone! Just to let you know, the start of the story takes place in The Last Olympian. The statue of Hera never fell on Thalia, there is no Grover, and the final battle shall be different. Sorry for my OOCness of characters. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Percy Jackson characters. Some of the text in this chapter is not my own, and comes from The Last Olympian, by Rick Riordan. Warning: This chapter contains lots of death and gore. "Death and gore are one of the best things to read/write about." -Starblade176, 2013. Prologue Percy Jackson The doors of the palace were big enough to steer a cruise ship through, but they'd been ripped off their hinges and smashed like they weighed nothing. My friends and I had to climb over a huge pile of broken stone and twisted metal to get inside. Kronos stood in the middle of the throne room, his arms wide, staring at the starry ceiling as if taking it all in. His laughter echoed even louder than it had from the pit Tartarus. "Finally!" He bellowed, "The Olympian Council-so proud and mighty. Which seat of power shall I destroy first?" Ethan Nakamura stood to one side, trying to stay out of the way of his master's scythe. The hearth was almost dead, just a few coals glowing deep in the ashes. Hestia was nowhere to be seen. The Ophiotaurus swam in his water sphere in the far corner of the room, wisely not making a sound, but it wouldn't be long before Kronos noticed him. Thalia, Annabeth, and I stepped forward into the torchlight. Ethan saw us first. "My lord," He warned. Kronos turned and smiled through Luke's face. Except for the golden eyes, he looked just the same as he had four years ago when he'd welcomed me into the Hermes cabin. Thalia looked like she was going to explode in anger. The smell of ozone filled the air as she shook in rage. Annabeth looked torn as she glanced from me to Luke. "Hello Jackson, come to join the party?" Kronos' voice crackled, sounding like nails across a chalkboard. "Let's dance gramps," I said as I drew Riptide, my bronze sword glittered in the dim torch light. Annabeth unsheathed her bronze dagger, the same one Luke had given her years ago. Thalia's spear appeared in her hand, tip sizzling with electricity. Her shield also sprung onto her arm, ready to protect its owner. Kronos lunged at me, his scythe swinging like a tornado. I jumped into his swing and blocked his attack. The power of his strike sent vibrations through my sword, my hands tingling from the impact. Pulling my sword away I feinted left, and swung hard to the right, only to meet his scythe once again. In the corner of my eye, I saw Annabeth and Thalia attack Ethan. Quickly, I refocused and kept fighting. I was losing ground fast. Kronos had cornered me against a throne. "Shall I destroy your fathers' throne first, little hero?" Kronos asked flatly. He swung at me with a very powerful slash of his scythe. I felt the strength of the sea at my back and I met his stroke halfway. Our weapons slammed together, spraying sparks onto the ground. My strokes became faster and faster. Slowly but steadily I started backing Kronos up. I broke through the Titian Lords defense, and stabbed my blade into his stomach. My blade harmlessly bounced off, causing me to stumble forward. Kronos took advantage of the situation and proceeded to hit me with a very hard uppercut, sending me flying into a pillar, which collapsed on me. Groaning, my muscles aching and sweat dripping down my face, I pushed piles of rubble off of me. I was saved, once again, by the Achilles curse. Thalia ran at Kronos and attempted to impale him, but he blocked her spear. I looked over to Annabeth to see her kick Ethan in his groin, which caused me to involuntarily wince, before clapping him on the temple with the butt of her knife. Ethan's face looked blank, as he fell forward, faceplanting onto the marble floor, out cold. I jumped to my feet and started over to where Kronos was fighting Thalia. Kronos pushed Thalia back, who crashed into me. His eyes flashed gold, and we froze, unable to move. I strained to move, pushing as hard as I could against the spell, but to no avail. He started towards us, walking slowly. "Luke stop!" Annabeth suddenly yelled, as she leapt in front of him. "Luke's gone!" Kronos bellowed, as he swung a powerful slash at Annabeth. Annabeth brought her knife up in two hands, to intercept his swing. The strike was so powerful that when Kronos scythe met her knife, her arms broke like twigs. The daughter of Athena's knife slipped from her sweaty, impassive hands, clattering to the ground, as she stumbled back. The dagger rolled away from her, out of reach. She sunk to her knees, screaming a horrible scream from the events that took place. Her eyes showed betrayal and disbelief, as tears streamed down her face. This was from more than the pain; she had realised that her Luke, the one she ran away with, the one she loved, was long gone, further than she wanted to believe. His body was a shell, simply a vessel for the Titan Lord. Kronos spun his sword, smiling smugly, as he pointed it to Annabeth. "You have caused too much trouble, but finally, finally I have you at my mercy, little girl." He rasped. He prepared to stab Annabeth through the chest, who was making no effort to move, as more than her arms were broken. Her very heart had been shattered at the loss of Luke. Kronos' sword ripped through Annabeth's stomach. His blade pierced through her back, followed by a splash of blood. She crumpled lifelessly to the ground. In rage I yelled out and the room shook from my earthshaker powers. The room exploded, flinging the floor tiles all around. Everyone was thrown off their feet and Kronos's time spell broke. Whipping Riptide out of my pocket, I darted forward, drawing my sword and slashing wildly at Kronos who was just recovering. Our swords clashed and I kicked the Titan in the chest. He stumbled backwards away from Annabeth. The hairs on the back of my neck stood on end as a bolt of lightning shot past me and hit Kronos in the face. The room smelled of ozone as Kronos was sent flying into the wall. We rushed to Annabeth's side, and saw something that would hurt me forever. Annabeth's skin around where she had been stabbed was sizzling and slowly disintegrating. Her eyes were wide, staring straight ahead. Tears fell freely from my eyes and I let out a loud growl. Looking over at Thalia I noticed tears streaming down her face and her eyes were flashing blue. In a quiet, dangerous tone, I said, "Let's kick this Titan back to Tartarus." By now Kronos had gotten back to his feet. He stared at us and chuckled. "You've put up quite a fight, probably more than my cursed children... But this is besides the point. Your time is running short. It was a nice fight, grandchildren." I noticed Luke's skin was starting to glow faintly golden. He seemed to be glowing from the inside. At that moment, I quickly learned something bad was going to happen. Thalia met my eyes and we came to a silent decision. We turned and charged. Stabbing her spear out, Thalia tried to find a weak spot on Kronos body. He dodged Thalia's stab and kicked her in the shin. A sickly sounding snap could be heard, as she fell forward, her shin shattered, not being able to support her anymore. Kronos smacked her in the face, and she was flung backwards with a broken nose. Her spear was thrown from her grasp, and clattered to the floor. She hit the ground and slid before coming to a stop. Thalia didn't move after that. I swung my sword like a baseball bat and smacked Kronos legs out from underneath him, causing him to faceplant into the floor. Since he bore the curse of Achilles no real damage was done. I glanced at Thalia before I turned around and was met with a golden beam of energy to the face which sent me flying head over heels across the room, before landing in a heap on the floor. My face burned like Hades itself. "It's too late Percy. It is finished." Kronos said, almost peacefully. Luke's skin was now glowing a blinding gold. I jumped to my feet and tried to run at him but before I got there, Luke's body exploded in a flash of light, knocking me off my feet onto my back. I slid a few feet across the floor, before staring around in horror. A horrible smell filled the air, the smell of rotting and death. Coating me and the walls was Luke's blood. I gagged and spat out the blood that was in my mouth and slowly rose to my feet, dreading what I was going to find. "HA… HA… HAAAA!" A loud, evil voice boomed. I stumbled at the sheer power of this voice. Wiping Luke's internal organs off my face, I saw a sight that made me want to curl up into a ball and die. Standing in front of me was a 10-foot tall being clad in heavy, golden armour. Large, slightly curved spikes rose upward from his pauldrons, his vambraces also adorned with spikes that ran almost parallel to his forearm. Atop his head sat a spiked helm with a golden face guard, and in his hands rested the largest and deadliest Scythe I had ever seen in my life. "Kronos…" I whispered in disbelief. "Hahaha!" he chuckled darkly before proclaiming, "You are DOOMED." Suddenly there were multiple flashes of golden light, along with the sounds of many people marching in. Looking towards the entrance of the Throne Room, demigods filed in, in tight formation. They formed a half circle around Kronos as the 12 Olympians stood opposite of them, surrounding Kronos. Kronos smiled evilly and said, "It is too late, puny gods. Welcome to your deaths. The Golden Age is here!" As he finished, he rose his scythe, first pointing at Zeus. A golden beam of pure energy shot out of the tip of his sword, flying at Zeus. Zeus raised his Master Bolt and attempted to block the beam of pure energy, but his Master Bolt exploded, sending the King of the Gods flying across the room. Befitting to his name, Ares gave a loud war cry as he leveled his wickedly sharp two handed sword in Kronos direction, before charging. Kronos stood, smirking lazily, making no attempt to raise his own weapon. My breath hitched, as I looked at Kronos standing lazily, and at that moment I knew Ares was going to die. The god of War swung his two handed sword attempting to behead Kronos. Faster than the eye can see, Kronos crouched under the swing, while his scythe switched hands. Kronos stepped sideways, as Ares, still sprinting full speed, was met with Kronos scythe to his neck, decapitating him. Ares head flew off his shoulders as his body crumpled onto floor. His head hit the ground, splattering golden blood all over, before it rolled over near me. I stared into Ares now empty lifeless eyes, which had only moments ago been filled with hate. Seconds later, he disappeared into golden dust. All that was left of the God of