"Now, I definitely can't let you go." The words were said with a smile, an attempt to undercut the memory of the last time he'd uttered something like that to her. The smile, however, was belied by the look in his eyes. He was serious. "I have to go. I know his movements; how he thinks. I may be his best chance of making it out alive." Katniss' eyes pleaded with Peeta. She needed him to understand. "Stay. Please." On those words, she was back in the cave, the arena. There was so much fear and worry. He almost hadn't made it. She hadn't truly known at the time why it would have mattered so much, but she did now. Peeta was her sun, the one that lit her path in darkness. But Gale needed her and she needed to try. "I can't leave him alone out there. I couldn't live with it if I didn't try to help." Her own eyes begged Peeta to accept why she needed to go. With a sigh, he fingered the braid lying over her shoulder. "Ok, but only if you promise to contact me every night. I can't sleep wondering what's happening." "I will." She kissed him; a deep, strong melding of mouths that left them both a bit winded when they parted. "Take care of Haymitch. I'll see you soon." She hadn't been on a train in a few years. The whirring was familiar, but unpleasant. It was expected to take a day to get to the last spot where Gale had been seen. That meant a night in the train car. The idea was one which she sought desperately to avoid. Instead, she stared at maps of the area and listened to the last recordings from Gale's audio over and over. Gale had been working in District 2 after everything had settled down. She didn't know the full extent of the job, but it involved the military and likely built upon his creativity with devices and strategy. It was while he was out in some form of training exercise that he went missing. The audio from his last transmission was garbled. It cut in and out, leaving only the words "injured," "river," and "need back-". Presumably, the last portion was intended to say, "need back up." The District sent out a party, but no one was able to find Gale. Because of the nature of the transmission, it was believed that Gale had been attacked by something or someone. The head of the District had contacted Katniss after the second night. Although they had trackers, they thought she may have a better shot at finding him, if he were still alive. Katniss and Peeta had been taking shifts with Haymitch. He'd been sick and not eating well. It wasn't clear exactly what was wrong with him, but it was clear he couldn't be left alone. That meant it could only be one of them who went. Given her history, the logical choice was Katniss. Lost in her own musings, Katniss noticed that the light shone at a different angle on her glass of water. The sun was beginning to set. The train car lit up in a bright, russet orange. Peeta. She had called him earlier to let him know the plan. She was expected to arrive just shy of noon. When she got there, gear would be prepared for her and she'd head out with two others to search. By that time, Gale would have been gone three days. The likelihood that she'd find him breathing was questionable, hence the decision to only designate two staff to assist. She'd rather they just gave her gear and let her go alone, but that wasn't going to happen. Internally acknowledging that her search would be better done on sleep, she climbed into the bed along the far side of the train car. Screams echoed through the night – Rue's, Prim's, her mother's, Gale's, Peeta's. Running through the forest, Katniss was panting, searching for the sources. Running, always running. The jabberjays then began to swoop down, each calling out the painful cry of a loved one. Katniss woke up screaming, heart pounding. Without thinking, she put the call through. Peeta had not been long for bed when the phone rang. He fumbled and dropped it in trying to answer, peering at the time in the process. He'd gone to bed about an hour ago. Bleary eyed and confused, he answered: "Hello?" "Pee-ta", she hiccupped. And he knew. Wide awake and aching to help her, he whispered, "Katniss. I'm here. I love you. It's over." She hadn't been able to get anything other than his name out, instead crying into the line. It tore at him. He couldn't hold her, couldn't banish the dreams so that she could sleep. So, he talked. They stayed on the line for hours, him telling her about Haymitch's mood swings, a new recipe he was considering, how the flowers at the edge of the village were blooming. When he ran out of day to day things to say, he told her about them – what he hoped for the future, how they would face it together. Over the course of the call, her breathing slowed. "I'm not good at saying something." He smiled. She was reminding him of that moment in the cave, too. "Then come here," he said. "Please, lay down and listen to me breathe." All talk suspended, they stayed on the phone all night listening to the sounds of each other's breath. Peeta woke first and called into the line, "Katniss?" She sighed his name, "Peeta. I need to get ready. I start out in a few hours." "Come back safe and call me tonight." She hung up the line and took a deep breath. It hadn't been an easy night. The train car had likely sparked the nightmare. It wasn't a stretch to think the search for Gale, in a forest with an unknown attacker, wouldn't do the same. "Just going to have to find him right away, then," she muttered under her breath as she got ready for the day. Well, this was just perfect. He had been out testing a new device meant to assist in search and rescue when his small crew had been attacked. He hadn't seen the assailants, because he'd been at the front of the line. He'd seen the effects of their work, however. With each of the three men he'd come out with dead, he'd taken off for the District proper. In the process, his communication device had been destroyed and he'd fallen in a crag at the base of a rocky outcrop. His leg was broken, and he was in hiding. That the device he had been intent on testing – and that had been with one of his men – would have helped the District to locate him was not lost on him. Gale shifted his leg. Once he'd gotten clear of the threat, he'd used a few branches and some rope to create a splint. He'd also passed out. He wasn't sure how long he'd been out, but it must have been at least several hours. He didn't have any weapons for hunting, but he'd had enough rope that he was able to undo it and create a few snares with long strands. He hadn't gone hungry and he was close to the river, so he wouldn't go thirsty, either. He had to stay by the river. His last communication to the District had been to tell them he'd be by it. With his leg in the shape it was, staying close to a potential rescue spot was necessary. Now, however, he was starting to reconsider that plan. What was taking them so long, and why weren't they flying overhead as part of the search? Shaking his head in disgust for his situation and the failure of his own rescue, he tried to map out a plan for getting back to the District. The air was fresh. She could hear the chirping of the birds and the babble of water not far off. She'd arrived at the District just shy of the noon hour. Her "helpers" met her there. The two the leader of the District assigned had been less than enthused by the plan to go out for a dead man, as they made clear they thought Gale was. It had taken about an hour after arrival to get through all the channels to speak with the head of the search party. Gale had gone out with three men to test a new device. During their trip, someone or something attacked them. The search party had not found any evidence of any of the men, save for tracks that stopped at a river. They had fanned out and searched for a day and a half to no avail. They'd used overhead searches at first, but found nothing. The head of the District had lost patience with the search party, cutting it off and calling her. She was the last ditch effort to track Gale. If she failed, they'd assume it had been an animal and move on. Her helpers were not interested in continuing the search. After hearing the mutters back and forth between them for the half hour it took to get to the drop site, she'd had enough. "You two are relieved. I'll handle this." The looks she got were of affronted surprise. Although they didn't want to go out into the forest, they also didn't want to be told not to. Too bad. She looked at one, and then the other. "Give me your communications device, and you, your water. I'll call in with progress reports." They tried to argue. What if the Mockingjay got hurt? They'd never hear the end of it. The war may be over, but she was still a prize to the people. "Enough. I'm going and I'm doing it alone." Haymitch was beginning to come around, but wasn't quite all there. While Peeta didn't know the nature of the illness, it did seem to be easing. Of course, it would have done so sooner if the man would have allowed Peeta to get a healer to see him, but apparently that was too much to ask. Until Haymitch noticed Katniss wasn't coming around. The argument that ensued was loud and violent, with Haymitch throwing glasses around. He was less than impressed with Peeta 'allowing' Katniss to go; like anyone ever controlled her actions. He was still with Haymitch when her call came through. "Hi, Peeta. I've started." It was a relief to hear her voice. "What's the story?" She told him everything, and the feeling in the pit of his stomach just kept getting worse with each word. The searchers had not found any of the gear from the four men. An animal wouldn't have taken the packs. Only a human would have. She was out in the middle of nowhere, without him or anyone else to help her, and there was an unknown attacker with her. He couldn't breathe. Haymitch had heard her info, his face becoming grim as she continued. When he saw the state that Peeta was in, he took over, saying, "Ok, darling. You know the drill here. It wasn't an animal. It was a man or men. Keep your eyes out. Listen. Be patient. We're coming to help." She protested that it would be a waste; she'd have Gale back to the District in no time. Peeta could tell from her tone, however, that she wasn't certain. It was then that he snapped out of the fear that had kept him silent for the past few minutes. "Katniss. I'm coming. You stay alive. Get to cover. We'll find Gale together." He could hear her begin to say, "Peeta, I lo-" when a swish cut through the line and she gasped. Then there was a hum of pain. "I'm hit." "Katniss!"