The Hunger Games Galaxies BEFORE YOU READ: Before you begin this story, please note: each district does have its own introduction. Click my author name and read whichever fandoms you are interested in (they are all listed in my profile by district). It chronicles the Reaping as seen through the eyes of the tributes and their friends/families. Because of this, there are SPOILERS below. Proceed only when ready to continue. May the odds be ever in your favorite characters' favor. Chapter One: The Parade and Interviews The same feeling of excitement and anticipation filled you again, as it did every year, with the start of the Hunger Games just around the corner. For weeks, it was all anybody had been talking about. This year's Game Gods had completely turned the game on its head with its new rules. No sponsoring. A double-helping of tributes. Relaxed age restrictions. A winning district possibility, as opposed to a single victor. Even the selected tributes were a shock, and the Reapings had been full of even more twists and turns and drama than usual. You recalled the dozens of conversations you'd had with others in the previous two weeks since the Reaping. Though the no sponsoring rule was not quite as popular among the Gods, that only meant an absolute explosion in wagering. The gamblers and the wealthy wagered not only on victors, but how many kills or assists each tribute would receive, the dates of each person's death, which district would have the best kill/assist/death ratio, finishing dates, and even some brave souls who decided to wager on what other surprises the Game Gods might have in store for the arena itself. Finally, as the Seals appeared in the skies of all the heavens and the Welcoming Hymn began to echo around the stadium, the stands erupted into excited cheers. You had to stand on your feet to see past the others jumping wildly and excitedly around you, just to catch a glimpse of the announcers sitting on the stage down in the center of the arena. Only one MC stood on the stage at the moment, Caesar. He'd been doing the Hunger Games interview for generations, and to this day his suit was simple, crisp, and pressed, with a single flower on the lapel. His beaming smile could be seen even at the highest end of the stadium, as he stood in the center of the stage, soaking in the applause. "Ladies and Gentlemen, Gods of all Ages and Walks of Life! It's is my great pleasure to welcome you to the 2012 Hunger Games!" he roared. The screams were deafening, and it took more than a few seconds before your ears cleared out properly. Around the stadium, you could see others holding various little trinkets and banners for their favorite districts. Some even had flags with portraits of their favorite tributes on them already. The most fanatic fans were always the easiest to pick out, and one enormous banner just off to your right had every single female tribute's face on it. "Our Tributes have been making their way through the Parade route, and I've been informed that they'll be arriving here in the main area in approximately five minutes," continued Caesar. "So… until they come… let's bring out a special guest to tell you a little bit about this year's games. It is my great pleasure to introduce to you… Game God Delta!" Nobody walked on stage, but you weren't expecting him to. The Game Gods could never be seen until the Hunger Games were over. Instead, the large screen above the stage flashed the Seal of the Gods again, before slowly fading to a beautiful image of the surrounding universe, swirling and sliding slowly through time. "Thank you, Caesar," came the pleasant, calm voice of Delta. "It's a pleasure to be with you all this evening." "The pleasure is all ours, Delta!" Caesar responded. "We know you're hard at work preparing for the big day tomorrow… so we appreciate you taking the time out of your busy schedule to join us!" "Well you are right about one thing… we are hard at work… and, starting tomorrow, you're all going to experience a Hunger Games like nothing you've ever experienced before," Delta replied. "Is that so? Well… I can assure you… we anxiously await the start! But… you know…" Caesar said. "Can't you just give us a little hint…? What do you say folks, how about we have Delta show us a little bit about the arena before our brave Tributes get here?" There was another roar that rattled your senses. Caesar grinned and turned to look at the screen. Cheers and chants rolled around the stadium, begging them for something, even a small hint, of what was to come. Finally, Delta regained control over the audience by calling for a brief moment of quiet. "If I give you a quick taste of what to expect tomorrow… will you let me be?" he asked. "I think we can all agree with that, right?" Caesar said. "After all… don't want to spoil it too much." "All right… well… here we are, then…" said Delta. The screen flickered and switched over to a new scene. As you stared at the screen, it began to show beautiful, sweeping shots of an outdoor arena. Each shot showed a forest or a meadow or rolling hills or maybe even a small brook or lake; an idyllic paradise seemingly untouched by mankind. "Those of you who reign over the forests and nature will be pleased with this year's… accommodations," said Delta. "This breathtaking beauty is approximately 20 square units with plenty of room for our tributes to explore… and, of course, combat each other. But… all is not as it appears…" "Oh…? How do you mean?" asked Caesar. "Allow me to demonstrate," said Delta, as the camera began to zoom in to various points around the map. "Hidden among each blade of grass, each gnarled root, and along the banks of the streams and lakes lies untold treasures, should our tributes be wise (or, perhaps, lucky) enough to find them. And, of course, the jewel of each Hunger Games, the Cornucopia, will be making its reappearance." "… but with so many tributes… how big must this Cornucopia be?" asked Caesar. "Well… okay… I guess I can let you in on a little secret, but this is it, okay?" Delta replied. "This year… we are going to have two Cornucopias in the Hunger Games, the North and the South Cornucopia!" "Unheard of! Is there no end to the Game Gods' shocks?" asked Caesar. "If I were a betting God… I daresay there'd be several new pools of betting going on right now," said Delta. You couldn't agree more. Already, you could hear people around the stands buzzing with new ideas, the most popular of which being a sort of bracket where you matched up the starting positions of each tribute on each pedestal around each Cornucopia. Not to mention which Cornucopia would do better in the Games itself, and what some of the tips and tricks would be for each one. "Well, Delta, we don't want to spoil the whole Games for our viewers… so how about I ask you a couple of other questions while we await the arrival of our Tributes? There has been some controversy over this year's lack of sponsorship… care to respond?" "Yes. This was a very tough decision we made… and we understand the frustration, because this has been an integral part of the Games since their inception," replied Delta. "Fear not, however! Your Game Gods have ensured that your favorite tributes will be well-equipped and ready for action… but I cannot elaborate too much more on that." "Well, as we all know, this is a spectacle of battle and glory of the humankind within the Twelve Districts… what can you tell us about this year's weaponry?" asked Caesar. "This year, we've decided to look to the Districts themselves. The weaponry will be a conglomeration of different technologies and magics found in each of the Districts. For the past two weeks, your tributes have been demonstrating their prowess in combat in the Training Center, as well as learning survival skills and each other's' technology and habits," explained Delta. "Any interesting stories we should know from the Training department?" asked Caesar, teasingly. "Now, Caesar, you ask us that every year! You know that's top secret… and don't try and trick some poor District 1 girl into almost blurting it out again this year, you sly dog…" Delta said. You could hear a ripple of appreciative laughter rolling around the stadium. The Caesar-Game God banter was always a popular ice breaker to get the excitement levels up. Finally, the distant sound of trumpets reached your ears and you, like everyone else, turned your attention back to the opening of the arena. "Oh! Delta, I'm afraid we're running out of time… it looks as though our Tributes are coming around the corner. Ladies, Gentlemen, and Deities all over! Make some noise for the Tributes of the 2012 Hunger Games!" Caesar roared. You could just barely see them as they entered, along the extensive stands that stretched straight out to the wide open entrance area. One-by-one the massive chariots carrying the Tributes for each district entered. This year, they'd gone with a more traditional horse + "carriage" route, quite a change from the previous year, when they'd used District 4-inspired flying ships to bring everyone in. The roar of the crowd made it so that it was actually a little hard to hear Caesar as he began to introduce each of the chariots. At times it was easier to see them if you looked to the big screen above Caesar's stage, rather than trying to see the actual carriages themselves. "Ah yes! First, as always, is District 1. As you're all aware, the priority for District 1 is that of affluent families; these Tributes come from the best that money can buy (in their world, of course)! And as you can see… they've gone with a warrior theme for their Interview, complete with war horses and an old-style chariot!" Caesar explained. It was surprising how masculine the whole carriage looked. Thinking back to it, you recalled that this was one of the Districts were the first Reaped girl was wearing a boy's uniform for some reason… and the fact that she was clad in a knight's armor, a vague, lost look on her face, didn't really make her seem any more feminine. The other female, taller than her by at least two heads, stood tall and proud, out in front, dramatically facing the audience as they drove by. The other two actual boys stood regally in the background, smiling and waving up to the audience. They wore ornate armor, and the one with the black hair and glasses had a sword at his side. "And behind them comes District 2!" Caesar announced. "And it would appear… yes, they've created their chariot and given it the name, 'Legacy,' which represents the uniting force behind their coming together in the first place! And, as a District 2 specialty, we're seeing the orbs incorporated into their clothing! Nicely done indeed!" They couldn't even be more varied if they tried. One of the women was just about as tall as District 1's taller girl, clad in a green cocktail dress and a veil. The taller man stood next to her, his muscles bulging out of his shirt as he kept a stern look on his face. The younger woman likewise kept a stone face as she waved at the audience, and the last boy with a lot of face make-up and a loose-fit purple coat merely stared ahead, a smug smile on his face, barely acknowledging the audience. You found it hard to even imagine them as friends. "District 3 follows them…!" continued Caesar. "And, as a special bonus