Hi This story takes place post-Mockingjay. Canon references throughout to HG, CF and MJ but as always, pure fantasy! The story will alternate from Katniss/Peeta and Gale's POV. Any comments or reviews are welcome and would be appreciated. Here goes… DISCLAIMER: ALL HUNGER GAMES TRILOGY CHARACTERS AND REFERENCES USED IN THIS STORY BELONG TO SUZANNE COLLINS J'ai ton amour et je veux ton revenge, j'ai ton amour, I don't wanna be friends I want your love, and I want your revenge, you and me could write a bad romance CHAPTER 1 New Beginnings District 12 had been raised from the ashes. The wealth of the Capitol had been redistributed throughout each of the districts, and where there was nothing but the dust of the dead stands homes and shops, filled with people. A whole new community rebuilt from scratch. It doesn't have quite the same old feel, but it's at least something, resurrected against all odds. When I had seen the state of nothing it had been reduced to by the bombs, I would never have thought it would once again become a thriving place. My home in the old Victor's Village was one of the only buildings that remained and I still live here. It would have been too hard for me to return alone to where my old home was. That place is too full of poignant memories. My mother, from whom I must get my emotional cowardice from, true to form, had bailed on me for the second time. District 2 was her new home, where she worked in a hospital from what she told me in one of her only two letters since she left just after the rebellion ended two years ago. She has never visited me and I have never been able to leave District 12. I have accepted that I will probably never see her again. I was the Mockingjay, burning brightly as a beacon of hope and a symbol of defiance, who had been instrumental in bringing down the Capitol and its regime. Yet for someone who had been in such an epic battle, I had been left physically perfect. When the Capitol fell and had been reclaimed, I was taken back to hospital there and my every burn and scar was removed from me by the best doctors Panem had to offer. I have checked and checked my body so many times since, and I can find no trace of a scar. Once I had taken a knife and cut at my wrist, wanting to know if I was even real. I had watched the blood pour out until I passed out. I was found by Peeta and taken to hospital, and this is now the only visible scar I have. I wasn't trying to die, or at least I don't think I was. Sometimes I want to, but I can't leave Peeta. He needs me. I run my finger along it. I like this scar more than my entire perfect body. It made me feel human. How was it even fair that it was all the people I cared about who had suffered but I was untouched and undamaged? What no doctor could fix was the emotional mess I had become. All the pain I had had to endure, culminating in the death of my sister, had taken its toll on me. I would be 21 soon but mentally I had aged my entire life in those 20 years. It has been exactly four years since the day that changed my life. Since my sister's name was pulled out of the reaping bowl and I had volunteered to take her place. Even though there is no reaping anymore, I panic – reliving that moment once more in my mind. I see Prim's innocent face bravely walking forward, and the way she tried to tuck in the back of shirt into her skirt as I had always had to remind her. I feel the cutting stab that always accompanies any thoughts of my sister and her face that I will never see again. Peeta Mellark and I spend most days together. He lives next door to me. He has no family or friends left from the past. I am the only one he has. We offer each other companionship. Sometimes he stays at my house, usually just long enough to allow me to fall asleep. The nightmares that used to haunt me have faded, but not disappeared. There are still some nights that I wake screaming, convinced I am back in that arena watching Rue die, or that Peeta is a rabid mutt trying to kill me. The worst nightmares I have are about watching Prim burn. My mind is dark, too dark for me to see clearly. I cannot let Peeta know what he means to me. Sometimes I cannot even stand to look at him because I know what he has gone through because of me. He is still the Peeta who went to the games with me, but his innocence has been taken from him. Like me, he too had been cured from the tracker jacker venom that the Capitol had inserted into him to turn him against me. But I know he has as many scars as me inside. Beautiful, trusting, kind-hearted and peaceful Peeta - the boy who loves me so unconditionally deeply. He loved me enough to almost die for me so many times in so many ways. I could never be worthy of him. I was a creature incapable of returning such a pure love – the one thing the Capitol had never been able to change about him. Peeta calmed me and made life bearable. I had nothing else. Peeta tells me I am beautiful. I believe he means it when he says it, although I don't even try and make an effort to look nice. It takes a lot of effort for me to even bother to brush my hair. I have stopped braiding it now. On the outside, physically, I could very well be the same but I am no longer that girl anymore. She died when Prim died. Why doesn't Peeta see how ugly I am? Why is he so blinded to all my many faults? I know what I am capable of and how detestable I am. He only ever sees the good in me, which I don't even know what that is. I have never cared enough to look, only question time and time again why someone so pure could want someone so tainted. I take so much from him and he continues to give abundantly without reserve. We were the 'star crossed lovers' created by the Capitol that had become friends who had shared so much suffering together. This bound us together in a way that no one else could understand. We didn't need anyone else now. I had a brand new body but I was dead inside unless Peeta was with me. I have nothing else to live for. Peeta has never asked anything of me. He accepts my friendship and my company, however limitedly I can offer it, and he seems content with it. I am comforted by him just being here. He doesn't pressure me to return his love, but he knows who he is to me. This makes me hate myself more. He deserves to be loved by someone who can show him each and every day just how special he is. I cannot live without Peeta but I have never told him this. Peeta is 21 now. There are other girls he could be spending his time with, instead of letting precious days of his life go by with a shell of a person. I'm just not strong enough to tell him to leave. I cannot face the isolation of being abandoned by the only person in this world who I know loves me. Like Gale abandoned me. My best friend for so many years may have been responsible for the death of my sister. Knowing this was enough to make him turn his back on District 12, and on me. I haven't seen Gale for two years. Sometimes Peeta and I see him on the news, but I can't stomach it and I have to switch myself off – something I have become an expert on doing. It hurts me to see Gale or even hear his voice. I can't breathe when I think of our last outing in the woods the day of Prim's reaping. We were just a young boy and girl from the Seam trying to feed our families. How carefree we were, so completely unaware how much our lives would soon change irrevocably. It aches so much I just can't go back there in my mind. The woods aren't surrounded by electric fencing anymore and I can go hunting whenever I like. But even that pleasure has been made a slave to my haunting memories, and I find I can never stay there longer than a few minutes. I have never been to the woods with Peeta. I know he hates it anyway. I feel Peeta tense up every time Gale is on TV and I know he wonders whether I miss him. He never asks me though and I don't speak about Gale. I can't even bring myself to say his name – not even to myself. I do miss Gale. Painfully. More than I would care to admit to myself. I miss the way we used to laugh together. I miss the way we were two parts of one whole. Joking about the Capitol together, hunting, and just surviving and trying to make the best of what little we had in our lives. When I'm in the woods, I wish with all my heart that he would appear from the trees behind me as silently as he used to with that playful smile I used to love and we could just go back to the way it was. But then Prim's face comes to my mind and that horrible feeling seeps into me. Gale, although perhaps indirectly and unknowingly, had had a hand in her death. It was too sickening to contemplate - I have to shut my eyes when I think about it and wait for my mind to push the thought away. It was also something we both had to recognise and swallow. I still cannot accept this, nor find any peace in it. I could never have imagined that the one person I had entrusted my sister to when I had gone to the Games would be the one to end her life. Fate was cruel that way to me. I don't even know why I was surprised. The odds had never been in my favour. Peeta works in the bakery a few streets away from our house. He brings home the most delicious cakes covered in pretty handmade patterns each day for me. I do nothing all day. I sit and wait for him to come back, lost in my own jumbled thoughts. Sometimes they are too much and my head hurts, so I go and help Peeta in the bakery. When I get too tired to concentrate, Peeta lets me wait in the back. He checks up on me every few minutes, always with his warm sunny smile that shines from those sky blue eyes. It makes me feel better. I don't speak to many people here in District 12. People come to visit me from around the district - Greasy Sae, Haymitch, and a few others who live here. I sit and let Peeta talk. Before long the awkward monosyllabic answers I give lead inevitably to long silences in conversation, and a cue for them to leave. I can't help it. I don't want to speak. I have nothing I want to say. I just want to be alone – either alone or with Peeta. I seem to have