Chapter 1 It was a hot summer day in late July, and Jill Potter was sitting on her bed, enjoying a rare day of calm at the St. Jude's Orphanage for Young Girls. The rest of the girls were on a week-long trip to the coast, but Jill had been left behind when she had landed in trouble for fighting the day before the trip. In all honesty, she had only wanted to get her book back from Jenna Alexander. But one moment Jenna had been holding the book above her head and the next, she had been tossed across the dining hall into a tray of dirty dishes and the book had dropped cleanly into Jill's hands. Jenna had screamed and called her a freak, and one of the dirty dishes had risen up and smacked her across the face. Jill was left standing mutely until one of the nuns had grabbed her arm and dragged her in front of Sister Marianne, who had then banned her from the trip. Jill wasn't all that mad about it. The girls at the orphanage did not like her, and she doubted it would be any different at the coast. She preferred to be alone either way, and she suspected that Sister Marianne knew it too, and she had deliberately decided to keep Jill at the orphanage so she could enjoy a few days of peace without the other girls bothering her.. Of all the nuns at the orphanage, Sister Marianne was the only one to show a hint of concern for Jill. The others thought of her as cursed at best, and a demon at worst. This left Jill to stay up in her room and read in peace all day, and then go for a swim in the pond behind the orphanage in the late afternoon. Jill loved to swim but she couldn't do it when the other girls were around because one of them would inevitably try to drown her. They wouldn't succeed, because the girl pushing her would suddenly found herself being dragged down under water, giving Jill time to escape. Incidents like that were not uncommon. Most people knew that she was odd and it was better to leave her alone, but every once in a while, a bully would gather up courage to try and attack her, only to end up getting hurt in the process while Jill wouldn't have a scratch on her. Some of the more cowardly ones would try and prank her by hiding her stuff or sabotaging her things but once again, it would be turned around on them instead of affecting Jill. When she was younger, she had believed it was a Guardian Angel or even God who was protecting her. As she grew older, she began to contemplate the possibility of her having some form of unexpected power. Over the past year or so, she had realised that her power wasn't restricted to her being in peril. In her quieter moments alone in her room, she had been able to levitate her book over to her a few times, and on colder nights, she could stoke the fire without leaving her covers. She wanted to do more but she had to be careful not to get caught. Jill had the room to herself because no one else wanted to share with her, but she doubted even Sister Marianne's scarce affection would extend to Jill exhibiting signs of an unknown power. That morning, Jill was sitting on her bed and carefully stacking her books back on the shelves from the pile on the floor. It took a lot of concentration from her, and after the book was successfully placed on the shelf after being levitated up from the floor, she was out of breath for ten minutes or so, as if she had run a marathon. Despite having done this for hours, she had only managed to put up five books up on the shelves, though she did realise that it got easier the longer she practiced. She had been in the process of putting up the next book when there was a knock on the door of her room, and the book clattered to the ground as her concentration broke. Jill left the bed and opened her door quickly, surprised to find the cook at the door. "Sister Marianne is asking for you in her office," she said sullenly and walked off. Jill felt a tingle of fear. Had someone seen her use her powers? She had kept her window open to let the sun in and even though she was up on the second floor, she couldn't be certain that she had remained unseen. Taking a deep breath to calm down, Jill started making her way towards Sister Marianne's office. The worst thing she could do in this moment was look guilty, because Sister Marianne would realise it right away. The door to Sister Marianne's office was slightly ajar, and Jill could see her sitting stiffly in her chair, face pinched in the way it did when she was annoyed about something. A woman sat opposite her but Jill couldn't see her face, only that she was wearing a shocking tartan pantsuit and had her grey hair in a high bun. Jill knocked on the door and the two women looked at the door. "You sent for me, Sister?" asked Jill, stepping into the office. "Yes, come in, Jillian," said Sister Marianne, her face softening just the tiniest bit. "Take a seat." Jill felt a stab of irritation at the use of her full name, but she squashed it down as she sat down in the chair opposite the strange woman. "This is Professor McGonagall," said Sister Marianne. "She is here to speak with you." "Hello, Jill," said Professor McGonagall. "It is very nice to meet you." "Hello," said Jill, still wary of the woman. "Professor McGonagall is a friend of the orphanage from the church in Caithness," explained Sister Marianne. "She is one of the people entrusted with your future." "Entrusted by whom?" asked Jill. "By your parents," said Professor McGonagall. Jill raised her eyebrows sceptically. "My parents?" she asked. "My parents are dead." "Yes, I know," said Professor McGonagall, and her face appeared genuinely regretful. "I am the Deputy Headmistress of Hogwarts. It is the school that your parents went to, and you too have been registered there since birth." "You must understand, Jillian," interrupted Sister Marianne, shooting a look at Professor McGonagall. "After your parents died, you were placed with your mother's sister and her family. You were not brought here to St. Jude's until a week after that. Professor McGonagall brought you here from your aunt and uncle's house." "Why?" asked Jill, stunned. She had only ever been told that her parents were dead and she was left at the orphanage because there was no one else who could take her in. She didn't even know she had an aunt. Professor McGonagall pursed her lips. "There was an...incident at your aunt's house," she said. "They were attacked. I am sorry to tell you but your aunt and uncle perished in the attack along with their infant son." Jill's mouth went dry, and her stomach turned to lead. She looked at Sister Marianne who was looking at her with something akin to pity. "Was I-was I still in the house?" she asked. "Yes," said Professor McGonagall with a deep sigh. "Their house was almost completely wrecked but we discovered you in your crib, safe from the rubble." "H-how?" asked Jill, eyes burning with unshed tears. She was never one to cry, but this day was changing that very fast. Professor McGonagall sighed once more and looked at Sister Marianne, who nodded and stood up. "I'll leave you both to talk," said Sister Marianne, and left the office, closing the door behind her. Jill was surprised at her abrupt exit but she looked at Professor McGonagall expectantly. The older woman cleared her throat before speaking. "You survived, Jill, because you are special," said Professor McGonagall. "You are special the way your parents were special." "What do you mean?" asked Jill, fascinated despite herself. "Hogwarts is no ordinary school, Jill," said Professor McGonagall. "It is a school for witches and wizards. It is a school for magic." Jill glared at her venomously. "I am not a freak!" she shouted. The glass on the window panes of Sister Marianne's office shattered into bits. "You can't just make up some story about magic to take me away to some institution. I am not stupid." Professor McGonagall didn't flinch at her outburst. She drew out a stick from her suit jacket and waved it at the window. To Jill's surprise, the glass flew back into place and the window was whole once more, with no sign that it had ever been broken. "You are neither a freak, nor stupid," said Professor McGonagall calmly. "You are a witch. And a powerful one at that, judging by your bouts of accidental magic." Jill was staring at the repaired window in shock. She turned back to Professor McGonagall. "Tell me everything," she said, her voice coming out just the tiniest bit sharper than usual. This time, Professor McGonagall did flinch a little, and Jill realised that she had forgotten to use the polite voice she used around all adults. Usually, she would have corrected it, but she was still reeling from everything she had learned today. This was not the time for her to be guarded. She needed answers. "Very well," sighed Professor McGonagall, collecting herself relatively quickly. "Magic exists in this world. Our world. Hidden away from the world you have known until today. We have coexisted with non-magical people since the beginning of time. We call them Muggles. Generations of Muggles and witches and wizards have mingled through time, but our world is protected from them by a Statute of Secrecy." "We? You mean, I am really magic too?" asked Jill, her mind racing as it connected all the dots. "Yes, you are," said Professor McGonagall, and a small smile graced her face. "Just like your parents." A breath escaped Jill in a whoosh, and she looked down at her hands as she spoke. "Is that why I can-?" she stopped herself and looked up at Professor McGonagall, who had a curious look on her face. "Yes?" asked Professor McGonagall. Jill got a polite look on her face. "Is that why things break when I get angry?" she asked instead. "You are exhibiting accidental magic," explained Professor McGonagall. "Magic can be controlled and channelled through the use of a wand and proper instructions that you will receive at Hogwarts. Without proper training, magic flounders and grows unstable." Professor McGonagall reached into her suit jacket and pulled out an yellowish envelope that she handed to Jill. Jill took it and read the emerald writing on the back of the envelope. Miss J. Potter Room 21 St. Jude's Orphanage London England She turned the envelope over and broke the wax seal. Inside, was a folded parchment that she pulled out and unfolded to read. HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Ms. Potter, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress Jill looked up at Professor McGonagall briefly before looking at the second page of the letter which contained a list of equipment and books needed for her first year at Hogwarts. "Where do I get all of this?" asked Jill. "And how? The orphanage cannot afford-." "Your parents had substantial finances. It is being held in trust for you that you shall now