Edward was trying to school his facial expression into disinterest. His exact thought on the situation was that he'd rather be banging his head against a wall repeatedly than sitting at this fucking bar but he figured disinterest was probably more socially acceptable. He knew it wouldn't be his scene as soon as Jasper uttered the words "there's this bar". Jasper was the poster child for hipster with his stupid hats and exceptionally tight jeans. Most of the time it was a wonder that Edward could even bear him but usually Jasper could be warned that he was reaching douche level twelve and he'd cut that shit out. But here Jasper was free to the hippest, hipster he could. It was like a hipster explosion in this bitch. Ironic t-shirts, facial hair, and scarves as far as the eye could see. Added to that was a healthy mix of glossed, tanned, and toned Hollywood types. This bar and the people in it was pretty much everything Edward hated about living a half hour outside of L.A. He was about to call it a night when he saw her. It was the Alice in Chains tank top that caught his eye. Sure, she could have been wearing it ironically but… Alice in Chains. Edward swore he was born in the wrong decade. He constantly wished that he'd been a teenager in the heyday of grunge. He was of the mind that music mostly died with Kurt Cobain. The second thing he noticed was her curves. Finding a girl with real live, natural curves here was like finding meaning in a Pauly Shore movie. That shit did not happen. But she had them in excess. A wealth of rack that actually swayed when she walked. Hips that were actually worth hanging onto. And they both slimmed into a waist that wasn't tiny but perfectly proportionate. That body could have come directly from one of his wet dreams. "Hi," her trek across the crowded room stopped directed in front of Edward. He hadn't been expecting that. He stared at her like a dumb ass. He was fairly certain his mouth was open. Much to his surprise she smiled encouragingly. "I'm Bella." "Uh, hi… um… I'm Edward," he babbled giving her outstretched hand a shake. He was cringing internally. The hottest girl he'd seen in the last five years and he suddenly forgot how to speak. Oddly it didn't seem to phase her. She hopped up on the bar stool next to him. "Your friend is really into my roommate. He's practically humping her leg," she said pointing across the bar. Edward burst into laughter spotting the pair. Sure enough Jasper had found his perfect match. Fake glasses? Check. High rise jean shorts? Check. Currently cheersing with a PBR? Double check. It was looking like they wouldn't be splitting a cab back to the apartment complex. "Well, good for him," Edward said with a good natured smile. "Sure. But you look bored out of your mind," Bella replied. Edward shrugged as he turned to face her. "Not really my scene," he explained. "So I gathered," she replied with nod toward his completely unhip button down shirt. He shrugged again, his attention on separating his beer bottle and its label. Of course the most gorgeous girl in the place would be into hipsters. "Can I let you in on a little secret?" she asked. When he looked up her dark eyes were sparkling. So fucking pretty. Maybe they could just not talk and he could stare at her all night. Sure. That wasn't creepy at all. He answered her request with a nod. "It's not mine either. I fucking hate these people." Edward felt his grin nearly split his face in half. *IHTB* Two hours and five beers later Edward was pleasantly buzzed and happier than he'd been in a long fucking time. Bella was amazing. She was an engineering major at Harvey Mudd. She could quote American Beauty and Half Baked. Pearl Jam was her favorite band. She loved bacon cheese burgers. Her use of curse words became steadily more liberal as she drank. They split their time evenly between getting to know each other and making fun of all the people around them. And she didn't seem to mind Edward staring at her tits. When the bartender yelled last call he was a lot more disappointed than he expected. "So," Edward hedged fishing his phone out of his pocket. He didn't want to fucking go. He wanted to stay sitting at this bar with his knees intermingled with this gorgeous girl. But as usual all good things had to end. He held his phone out. "Can I get your number?" Bella's smile faded away. It was replaced by a thoughtful look. Edward felt his stomach sour; he could almost hear her inner dialogue: "oh no, I've given him the wrong idea. I mean he's nice and all but do I really want to give this creeper my number? He's been staring at my tits all night." "I mean it's if you don't –" he began pulling the phone back. Her smile curved back to her mouth and it looked wicked. With both hands she grabbed his faced and pulled him to her. Her soft mouth was on his and she tasted like beer and lip balm. Which was apparently an aphrodisiac combination according to his dick which was waking up awfully fast. And this wasn't some "oh, wow, I'm gonna give this stranger a little kiss" playful thing either. Her tongue was slip sliding over his and her fingers were twisting in his hair. Their mouths were pretty much having sex. When she pulled away Edward was breathless and kind of sad. But seeing her lips pink from kissing and her face flushed was kind of worth it. And those dark chocolate eyes were light like fireworks. She grinned at him. "Look," she said. "You're awesome. Pretty much the only awesome guy I've met since I moved here. I moved here three years ago. Guys here suck. And I know that I'm supposed to play it cool and coy and wait three days before we talk and God knows how long before we get busy but I don't want to. I wanna go home with you, Edward. And I'm pretty sure you want to take me home with you because you've been drooling over my boobs all night." Edward felt embarrassed blush light up his face but he grinned anyway. He gave her a sheepish shrug. "You've got a great rack," he said. Her laugh was like a fucking wind chime. "So, do you want to get out of here?" she asked. "Fuck yeah." *IHTB* Fifteen minutes in a cab seems like way too long when your proceeding directly to you house to bed a beautiful woman. Especially if said woman can't seem to keep her hands to herself. The wild thing next to him kept tracing her fingernails along the back of his neck and through his hair. It was equal parts erotic and relaxing. "You're driving me crazy," he whispered to her. "Yeah?" she asked arching an eyebrow at him. He nodded with a smile. He'd smiled so much tonight he was sure his face would hurt tomorrow. She leaned close and whispered in his ear, soft breasts pressing against his shoulder. "Show me." Edward heard a moan echo out of his chest. This time he was sinking his hands into her hair and pulling her to him. He kissed her hard and deep. He pressed every bit of their bodies together that he could. He nipped and nibbled and every second felt better than the last. The best part was that she reciprocated every move and every touch. There was no hesitation, she was with him one hundred percent wanting him as much as he wanted her. "I could fuck you right here," he growled in her ear. Then his brain went into full scale panic mode. He didn't mean for that to come out of his mouth. The filter between his mouth and his brain seemed to shatter the second her fingertips brushed the front of his jeans. He was pretty sure dirty talk was taboo on the first hook up. Not that another hook up was likely now thanks to his stupid, perverted mouth. Bella pulled away from their kiss and Edward prepared himself for the ultimate let down. "Do we have time?" she whispered excitedly. Edward's eyes went wide. This girl was going to be the end of him. "You're fucking amazing," he murmured. "And you're fucking here. As much as I appreciate free porn, how about you two take it inside?" came the gruff voice of the cab driver. The two of them erupted into laughter. Edward paid and they tumbled out of the car, no doubt looking like two horny teenagers with his shirt partially undone and her hair completely ruffled. Hand in hand he led her to his apartment and unlocked the door. He walked in ahead of her flipping on entry way and then living room lights. The tap of her heels told him that she had stopped. Probably checking out the place. There wasn't much to it. But it was clean. He wasn't the typical slobby bachelor. It was there Edward's mind was overwhelmed with awkwardness again. The hot and heavy mood in the backseat had been replaced with giggles. Did he take her to his room? Did he pin her against the wall and kiss her again? Did he ask her if she wanted a drink? His inner turmoil came to a screeching halt when he felt something soft hit his back. He turned and saw a black tank top on the floor by his feet. His eyes bounced up immediately. "Jesus Christ," he hissed. The rack he'd been eyeballing was so much more delicious looking dressed in nothing but hot pink lace. "Get over here, you," she told him motioning with her index finger. He'd never seen anything sexier. He covered the ground between them in two strides. His mouth was on hers again. He couldn't get enough of it. His hands rest on the small of her back as he pulled her to him. Then they were up, unhooking her bra. Fuck that bra. He slid it off her shoulders and tossed it behind him without a glance. He stepped back to admire. And by God they were magnificent. Full, round, soft, natural and nearly every other complimentary word he could think of to describe a really great rack. His mouth was gaping open again. "Are they everything you wanted them to be?" Bella asked. She was grinning. "I want to erect a monument to your boobs," he said, grinning back at her. She looked pointedly at the front of his pants. "Looks like you already have," she said, her smile morphing into a smirk. "Woman," he groaned. And he couldn't wait any longer, he had to have at them. Hand and mouth, he couldn't decide how to worship them first. He settled for both. One hand cupping and stroking while the other guided a perfect nipple to his hungry mouth. He could have most likely passed the entire night like that, molesting her boobs in his living room and from the whimpers and moans coming from Bella she wouldn't have complained. But plenty of other ideas were bouncing around in his head and they all required relocating to the bedroom. Edward traced kisses up Bella's chest and returned to her mouth. Then he slipped his arms under her and pulled her legs around his waist, turning toward the bedroom. For the first time that night she faltered. "Edward," she started, pulling away from the kiss. "What's wrong?" he asked immediately alarmed. How the fuck did he screw this up now? "I'm too big for that. Put me down," she squeaked, cheeks turning pink. Those pretty eyes were filled