Albus Dumbledore woke suddenly from strange dreams about Voldemort and Death Eaters and fear to a sharp, searing pain. He brought a hand to its focal point on his forehead and frowned as he traced a scar that had not been there when he had fallen asleep. He quickly pulled back his hand and gasped. It was covered in blood. Hundreds of miles away, Harry Potter startled awake from strange dreams of Grindelwald and failures and history repeating itself. He quickly stood to make his way to the bathroom to splash water onto his face, but froze in alarm as he realized he was not where he had been upon falling asleep. Nothing was familiar. With dread, he realized that this room was not his room…these robes were not his robes... He looked at his hands. Unwilling to finish the thought even in his own mind, he hurried forward toward the open door of a bathroom and looked into the mirror. The face of Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore stared back at him. In hindsight, Harry liked to think that Godric Gryffindor himself would have screamed just as shrilly as he did then. Heart pounding in his chest, Harry stumbled out of Dumbledore's quarters into the Headmaster's office. One shaking hand held the wand he'd found on the bedside table- a wand which was definitely not his of beloved holly and phoenix feather – the other ran a hand nervously through his hair. Long, gray hair. It was such a strange sensation that he stopped immediately. He took a deep breath and held out Dumbledore's wand. " Lumos ." "Albus?" a few of the portraits asked, eyes squinting from the bright light which had awoken them. Harry almost replied that no, he was most certainly not Albus, but he bit his tongue at the last moment. This was a rather…not good…situation. He did not even want to think of the consequences should the wrong people learn of it. Voldemort would probably see it as a way to destroy Albus Dumbledore and Harry Potter in one fell swoop. That could not happen. Harry's mouth ran dry. He had never even heard of people switching bodies or waking up in bodies that were not their own. He had to tell someone though, didn't he? His gut told him he had to tell Dumbledore – He almost laughed, but the thought stayed. If he was here, what had happened to Dumbledore? What happened to the body of Harry Potter in Little Whinging? He had to check. But he had no way to get there. Maybe he could take thestrals, like he had to the Ministry, but it would take too long, and it would be too suspicious for Albus Dumbledore to travel by thestral or broomstick. He didn't know how to make a portkey or apparate. Which left him with precious few options. Harry sped down the spiral staircase with an agility and grace he had not imagined possible given Albus Dumbledore's age, cursing as he ran across the school in his star-studded night robes. He stopped only to pound his fists against Minerva McGonagall's office door. His knuckles were bloody in the short time she took to open it. McGonagall took one look at Harry before the irritated look on her face changed to one of worry. "Albus," she gently took his hands in one of hers, the other casting a healing spell. "What's happened? It's three in the morning." He floundered helplessly before the words spilled from his mouth. "We have to check on Harry." McGonagall took this in stride, tapping her wand over herself to transfigure more appropriate clothing. She looked at him expectantly. "Well?" "I can't apparate," Harry admitted. "There's no time to explain. You'll have to take me." She stepped back, her eyes narrowed in suspicion. After all, that'd be one way for a Death Eater to get at Harry Potter. Shit. "And what of Fawkes?" The thought hadn't occurred to him. Oh, fuck, he was so stupid. "Fawkes?" Just as Harry said so, the phoenix appeared to him in a brilliant flash of scarlet and gold. The phoenix's knowing stare made him feel even more idiotic. "Right," was Harry's strangled answer. He laughed weakly. "That's right. Fawkes. Most excellent. Um, thank you Minerva. That'll be all then." " Albus ," she hissed, the amount of subtext and menace in that one word making Harry fear on behalf of the real Albus Dumbledore. "There's no time," he said in lieu of a proper answer, while privately thinking that there was just enough time and he would be using it to escape. Harry turned to Fawkes pleadingly. "To Harry Potter. Number 4, Privet Drive." The phoenix clutched Harry's hand between its talons, and a moment later, they disappeared noiselessly, leaving a furious Minerva McGonagall in their wake. "Thank you, thank you, thank you," Harry chanted to Fawkes after they landed in Surrey. He hurried in the direction of the Dursley's, wand out and phoenix on his shoulder. Harry didn't dare cast a disillusionment charm – he had no idea if he would set off the trace while outside of Hogwarts wards. But the good thing about being in the body of Albus Dumbledore, Harry decided as they crossed through the dark neighborhood, was that he doubted that any Death Eater doing surveillance duty would dare to outright attack him. Well, unless Voldemort was lurking about. Then it would be a decidedly bad thing for a magically inferior Harry Potter to bluff as being Albus Dumbledore. Harry shuddered at the thought and walked faster. The house was finally in sight, but as he came closer, Harry was surprised to feel vast, powerful presence in his mind. He was hyper-aware as it seemed to search his very soul, weighing his worth and intentions. It was protective , he realized. Whatever magic it was, it did not find him lacking. It relaxed its hold on him, but Harry still grimaced at the sensation - he had the inescapable feeling he had just avoided extreme punishment and pain. The magic seemed to linger on him like a second-skin, as if to keep an eye on him should he behave in a way to make it change its mind. Harry tried not to think about it as he crossed the threshold. How to do this? Knocking on the door would wake the Dursleys, who would make a ruckus, which wake the whole neighborhood. Which would then alert anyone looking for trouble in connection to Harry Potter. Harry didn't even dare open the front door with a simple alohamora. Well, he thought wryly, he'd made many stupid decisions since he'd awoken, so what was one more? He leaned down to pick up a rock, then moved to the side of the house, aimed for the window of his bedroom and – Fawkes chirped in his ear. "Um. Yes?" Harry's heart skipped a beat as he was encompassed in flames, heat surrounding him. He almost screamed, but stopped short when he realized Fawkes had just taken them inside. He blinked and placed a hand over his fluttering heart. "Did you want to give the body of Albus Dumbledore a heart attack?" he accused Fawkes in a harsh whisper. The phoenix nipped his ear, as if telling him not to be so dramatic. Harry swatted at him before he stealthily made his way up the stairs, careful to avoid the creaking steps. He felt a sudden surge of empathy for Tonks, with her ever-changing limbs and body mass. It was difficult to navigate when moving in a body much taller than his own. He paused as he reached the top - the only sound he could hear was Vernon's snoring. Harry wasn't quite sure what to expect, as he slowly pushed open the door to his bedroom, but he knew that he had Fawkes with him, and well…even if it was as bad as a basilisk, they could handle it together. Unless it was worse than a basilisk. Maybe his body was just gone… or an empty husk. He shuddered at the thought, because if his body was empty then where was Dumbledore? He swallowed thickly. What if the real Dumbledore was dead? But what if his body was awake, and aware, and there was someone else pretending to be him . Oh Merlin, what if it was Voldemort possessing him and something had gone really wrong? What if, what if, what if – He walked inside and froze. For as far as he could tell - if he was not mistaken, if he was not mad – the pretender Harry Potter was very much alive and pointing a very familiar holly and phoenix feather wand at him. Harry stood still as the pretender's green eyes caught sight of Fawkes. The wand lowered. Then the pretender smiled at him. "Good evening, Harry," he said casually, as though there were nothing strange happening at all. Harry looked over him appraisingly. "Professor?" he asked, voice uncertain. It certainly seemed like it was Dumbledore. Only Dumbledore would be so annoyingly nonchalant. But as much as Harry wanted to believe it, he couldn't help but think that Tom Riddle had been a very, very good actor, once upon a time. So he took a leaf out of Moody's book. "Um, in second year, in the Chamber…Tom Riddle told me we were very much alike," he cleared his throat, uncomfortable at the memory. "When I told you, what did you say?" "I said, 'it is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.'" Dumbledore beamed, and it was so very strange to see that radiant joy on Harry Potter's face. "A sentiment which I suspect we will ponder often as we consider our current situation." Harry sagged with relief against the wall. It wasn't Voldemort. That thought reinvigorated him. "Er, about our situation…," Harry started, feeling awkward and incredibly aware of how British he was, "Professor… how did this happen?" Dumbledore shrugged, reaching out a hand to stroke Fawkes's feathers. "I haven't the faintest." They stood in silence for a moment, Harry at a complete loss while Dumbledore looked serene, a little wisp of humor in his lips. "Are we dreaming?" Harry wondered for the hundredth time, voice hopeful. Dumbledore glanced at him from behind round glasses, green-eyes glinting with amusement. "That, I think, we can eliminate. But I have faith a solution will present itself." For the first time, he doubted the Headmaster's words. It was strange, knowing that just a few months ago, before the prophecy, Dumbledore's calm confidence would have inspired complete, unquestioning assurance. In a brief flash of spite, Harry was tempted to offer a sarcastic answer. But as he watched Dumbledore standing there in the guise of Harry Potter, simply waiting patiently for Harry's response, for his judgement, Harry felt that viciousness fade. Though it was with no small amount of hesitance and reluctance, even after hearing Dumbledore confess his own failures… Harry could not help but trust him, maybe more than anyone. He wasn't quite sure what that said about himself or the rest of the world. "Right, right…" Harry shifted uneasily and squinted at Dumbledore. It was one thing to know he hadn't been eating or sleeping enough, but now as Harry looked at himself from another perspective, he could really see the toll his grief had taken. But for the first time since Sirius's death, the thought of his godfather made his lips twitch in humor. "Sirius would've thought this whole thing was hilarious," he said suddenly, surprising himself with the outburst. "He would've seen this as the greatest pranking opportunity in the world. Probably would've come up with a million ways to exploit this, all within the first ten seconds of hearing about it. I mean, half of them would include tormenting Snape, but still…" Harry stopped, voice thick, unable to continue. "Then perhaps we should make