Penname: hapakids Title: When Will She Ever Learn Rating: M for violence Summary: Bella is done with Maggie always coming and going as she pleases in her and Edward's house. She is at the point that she will be taking matters into her own hands with some help from others. Disclaimer: Catastrophia is the owner of both the contest and Me and Mr. Cullen. SM owns all things related to Twilight. All places that might be mentioned, belong to there rightful owners. Contest : Down, Maggie, Down A/N: I'd like to thank Catastrophia for having this contest. For all of us that would like to do Maggie in! Thanks also go out to my beta, flamingpen18, and my pre-reader, NicciW, for helping me take this on, and for all of their ideas with what will and ,or, could happen to Maggie. I'll say it again. It all belongs to SM. We just play with her characters. This will be in Bella's POV for the entire O/S. It had been a few days since I left Edward behind in Los Angeles. My mom was trying to constantly ask me what had gone wrong. I couldn't exactly tell her when I didn't have all the answers. Edward has been calling and texting me everyday since I have been gone. He tells me in his messages that he is sorry, that he loves me, and that he wants to work things out with me. I am still undecided on what to do. Each time he leaves me a message, it breaks my heart more and more simply by listening to how much pain he sounds like he is in. He also tells me how much he misses me. Apparently, he hasn't been really working all the much. I know this because I have had Esme calling me and telling how distraught he has been, and that he can't concentrate on anything right now because of not knowing if and when I will be coming back to him. One day, while I was in my bedroom at my mom's house, I got a text from Esme, demanding that I pick up my phone because it was very important. She had something to tell me. A couple of seconds later she called, and I answered my phone. "Esme, what is so important that you needed me to pick up my phone?" I asked with sadness in my voice. "Oh, Bella, you really need to come back. He's not doing good!" "I want to, but I don't know what I want to do yet." "I understand that, but Carlisle and I have come up with a plan. Sam has said he would be willing to help us with it when I ran it by him. Jasper and Emmett want to help out in any way that they can." "What is this plan of yours?" "Sam is still not sure how Maggie has been getting into the house. When I was talking to Carlisle about it, he had no clue either. You know how we both feel about her. I was telling him that I wish I knew how to figure this out. That was when it dawned on us at the same time." "Esme, what is it?" "Hidden cameras in the house and at the gate, might be able to tell us how she is getting in and if she's using the front door or not." "Are you saying that she might not be using the front door at all?" "It is a possibility, and Sam agrees. He also said that he will be sending you the live feed from all of the cameras. He will deal with ordering them and the setup. I told him to charge everything to Carlisle and I. So, that way, Edward will never know. But, we need to do it on a day that he is not at the house." "Esme, please keep me informed!" "I will. I do miss you, Bella." "I miss you too, and I really do miss Edward," I tell her with a sniffle, thinking about him. "I know you do. I think that it took you leaving for him to see what he was or wasn't doing to you. I'll talk to you later." "Bye, Esme!" After the conversation that I had with Esme, it got me to thinking. What if there is more to Maggie than what everyone knows? I called an acquaintance of mine, a computer hacker, to get all the info on her that he can. I needed it ASAP, since I wasn't sure if I would be going back to LA. I wanted it on hand, just in case I did and needed some evidence of some sort. I was told that it would be done and emailed to me as soon as they got everything that they could. A couple of hours later, I got a text from Esme letting me know that the cameras had been installed, and to expect Sam to be sending the live feed to me at any moment. It wasn't a minute later when my phone pinged with a new email. I opened it up, but it was just way too small for me to see anything. So, I got up and grabbed my laptop and booted it up. Once it was done booting, I logged into my email address and opened up the live feed. This was so much better. Right after it opened up, I saw the destruction that had took place in the house. Esme had never mentioned anything to me about what Edward had done after I left. I had gotten my answer now. A few minutes later, I saw Edward walk into the house. He looked horrible. It was like he hasn't slept in days, and it brought tears to my eyes. I know that I haven't been sleeping all that well, but to see the proof right before my eyes, by way of a camera, brought home to me just how much I miss him and how much I love him. My phone pinged just then, and I looked to see that it was Edward texting me. I just got home from a meeting and I am wishing that you were home right now with me. I miss having my baby girl in my arms. I am so sorry. Please come home... I miss you so much, and I want to make this work. Please just come home. I need you. I miss you. I love you, Baby Girl! I looked up and saw that he was in the bedroom laying down on the bed. I could see that he was crying and that just made me cry even more. The next day, I had read the email I had received from my friend about Maggie, informing me that this is just the start of it. I logged in to the cameras at the house. I was watching the live feed, and Edward was in his office, barely doing anything. I saw a movement on one of the other cameras. When I looked to see if I could see better, I saw some something out of the corner of my eye. It was Maggie going into the house through the back door off the pool area. Maggie took a look around to see the house in ruins. She turned to go into Edward's office. I guess to see if he was there or not. When she saw him there, she walked in. It looked like he never heard her go into his office at all. "Baby, what happened to the house?" she asks him. "Maggie, what the fuck are you doing here?" "Why, to see you of course, Baby." "I've told you don't call me that, and I need you to leave. Wait, not need, I want you to leave and never come the fuck back again. How are you getting into my house, anyway?" "Who the fuck are you to talk to me that way?" She shouted at him and walked right out of his office and out through the front door. Is that how she's been getting in the whole time? She has to have some help to be getting onto the property somehow... This was going through my head, when I text Esme to let her know one of the ways that Maggie was getting into the house. Esme said that she knew since Sam had forwarded the live feed to her and Carlisle. She said that they would be informing Jasper and Emmett, but that they had decided that they weren't going to be saying anything to Edward about it. Just then, my phone started ringing. It was Edward, again. I let it go to voicemail. I have been doing that to all of his phone calls. I also had Charlotte texting me, asking me how I was doing, and keeping me informed on what she has been hearing. It wasn't good. According to what she had heard and going by what Esme has told me, Edward has been a major asshole to everyone. It's like everyone is walking on eggshells around him. Edward had left the house to go, to what I am guessing, was another meeting. I went to sleep that night, tossing and turning, still not knowing what to do. The next morning, I was laying on my bed when there was a knock at my door. Whoever it was had opened it. "Bella, Honey, I think that there is something that you should see." "What is it, Mom? I want to be left alone." "I know, Honey, but I really think that you need to see this." She gave me a magazine and left me alone. Now, why would she be giving me a magazine to look at? I was questioning that until I saw on the front cover which had Edward on it with Maggie kissing him. It looked to me as if he wasn't kissing her back what so ever and that his hands were down by his side with them clenched into fists. I saw red after that. This is the second time that she has kissed him, and I for one, will not be taking it any longer. It is time that she knows where her place is, and who he belongs too. I pick up my phone and call Esme. "Esme, why the fuck is Edward on the cover of a trashy magazine with Maggie kissing him?" "Bella, we know and have seen it. Edward was at meeting at the office. When he was leaving, she ambushed him. She threw herself at him and started to kiss him, and, of course, the damn paps got it on camera. I was right behind him about to come out the doors when it happened, so I didn't get caught in the pictures. I did hear Edward growl at her to leave him alone yet again. He's livid. Even more so this morning, when he saw that in the magazines." "Magazines? That's it. I'm coming back to LA. I am not going to take this lying down. I am so done with her being everywhere in our lives. She will know it when I am finished with her." 'Ummm..., Bella, do I even want to know what you have planned?" "Esme, even I don't know exactly what I am going to be doing, as of yet. But, what I am sure of, is that she will know by the end of it who Edward belongs to and who he wants. It is not her." "I'll book your flight for you. Go ahead and start packing, and I will text you with all the details. I'll have either Carlisle, Jasper or Emmett to pick you up when you get in at LAX." "Thank you, Esme. I will see you in a few hours." "See you in a few hours. You will be brought to the office. Edward has a big