Twilight Fan Fiction Unwanted Chapter 1: New Beginnings Bells was always a tom boy. She woke up every morning at 5am and went out for a run. It helped ease her mind though it seemed to have the opposite effect for her father. Charlie always worried about her safety since her condition made her many enemies. People stayed away from her on a good day but there were a few days where she would have to deal with your average asshole. There wasn't a time where she wasn't treated differently due to her condition. Her mother left her when she was just a kid because of her "illness", as her mother so kindly put it. Before she was born the doctors believed s was going to be a boy but when she was born things took an unexpected turn. The doctors ran many test and she tested as a female but her dick said another story. Her mother told them to "fix me". As if I were a broken lamp or dented car. My father however didn't want the surgery due to its many risks. Her mother didn't care about risks though. Her mother said she was an abomination and that I didn't deserve to live. One day when they were left alone she actual tried to attack her but luckily for Bella, Charlie forgot his wallet and got there before any real damage was done. Since that day she has never seen her mother again. As B ella grew older she learned to live with it. She wore mostly boy pants and nothing that clung to her too tightly. Getting comfortable with herself was easy. She didn't tell many people about her condition. She just felt as though no one would understand or even take the time to care. Her senior year was starting up and it turned out that her father was offered a new position on the Alaska State Trooper. They were gong to be moving there tomorrow. Making the transition from Washington to Alaska wouldn't be easy however. Every time she met anyone new it was difficult The students and teachers always seem to treat her differently because of her condition. As she finished her run she jogged up the stairs. She pulled her earbuds out and opened the front door. Brown moving boxes littered the floor. There were only a few things left to take and they were bringing them on the plane. As Bella walked into the kitchen she grabbed a glass from the cupboard and filled it with cold water. As she took a few large gulps Charlie walked in wearing his usual jeans and a long sleeved shirt. "Good morning, Bells." Charlie said as he kissed his daughter's hair and walked to the cupboard pulling out his own cup. "Good morning, Dad." Bella said between long gulps. Bella placed her cup in the sink. "So, Whats on the agenda today?" "Well I was going to go over to Billy's place and watch the game for a bit before getting ready for our trip. You can come if you want I'm sure Jacob would like to see you. Charlie sipped at his orange juice as he read his newspaper. Bella knew seeing Jacob one more time would only make things worse. He hadn't talked to her in weeks. Jacob has had a crush on her since we were kids but when he found out about her condition he freaked out and avoided her like the plague. "No, Im okay. Besides it would only be awkward." Pushing herself off the counter she headed for the stairs. "I'm just going to take a shower and get ready for the day." Charlie sighed and gave a sympathetic smile as Bella ran up the stairs not waiting for his response. While she showered she washed her hair thinking about the new adventure her and her father would be going on. Alaska wouldn't be much different from Washington when it came to weather but it would be different than everything else. Getting out of the shower she walked into her room grabbing a fresh pair of jeans and a long sleeved shirt from her dresser. There was nothing left in her room now except for a blowup mattress and a few books. In one of her books was a picture from months before of her ex girlfriend. The break up was especially hard for Bella for leaving Washington seems to be one of the many things that Charlie thought would help. Of course it was mostly for his new job but in new surroundings he said it would be helpful. Rosalie and her had just broken up into to the fact that her family had found out what the problem was with Bella. Rosalie seemed to accept it but her family couldn't stand it. Remembering the day that Rosalie said she was leaving would always breaking her heart. The Cullens left in such a hurry that they didn't even bother to ask her not to worry about their secret. The way she sought was that since she knew bears and they new hers everything would be even. Looking around her room fellow and realized that nothing would be the same. Walking out the room and down the stairs she walked into the kitchen and found a pizza menu for lunch. As she sat at the kitchen table she looked over the menu and finally placed her order. Walking around the house she made sure that everything was in place and where it needed to be for their departure tomorrow. Soon after putting the last bit of things in their places her pizza arrived. She ate her pizza in silence for half an hour to spend the rest of her time reading a book until Charlie finally came home. As her father walked in the door it was clear that he had had quite a few beers. Soon enough he fell asleep to wake in the morning for their drive. Bella cleaned up what was left of her pizza mess and finally had fallen asleep on her air mattress for the night. As she slept she dreamt of a woman in the wilderness surrounded by snow but could not see her face. Once morning came Charlie woke her up a little chipper for a man drinking the night before. Bella was happy that Charlie was excited to start their new life in Alaska. But it didn't mean that she was that excited. As Charlie packed up the car for them to leave Bella said goodbye to her house for the last time and locked the door. The ride to the airport wasn't getting the things checked in was the longest part of the day. Soon enough they were on the plane going towards Alaska and all Bella was feeling was complete and utter fear for the fact they were on a tiny plane in the middle of the air shaking every minute. Soon enough the plane finally landed and Bella took a sigh of relief. Heading to the rental station Charlie got a nice SUV for them to pack all the things into and take today new happened. The cabinet they were going to live and wasn't very crowded and in Alaska no one really had many neighbors to see or hear from. It happened that her father had bought was just about the size of their house in Washington and had two bedrooms and bathrooms in each room. It was a classic log And it had a very nice fireplace in the living room the kitchen. Which was important for Bella seeing as how she did most of the cooking. They pulled up to the house and took all of the boxes out of the car and piled them in with the rest of the things that were in the cabin. Bella went to her room to see that there were only a few pieces of furniture that were in the correct places but the rest of her things were in boxes. Seeing it was already getting late Charlie insisted that they just eat dinner and deal with all the unpacking the next day. "Sowhat would you like to eat that? I don't think there are many diners here." Bella chuckled. "Well for your information there actually is a little diner not too far from here maybe a couple miles out. Plus I think it would be good to go to see who's in town. And I know that I'm going to want to see the town to try and get to know what's around here seeing as how you're going to have to go to school and I'm going to be on patrol." Charlie's smiled back after grabbing his coat from the rack. "Alright I guess we can check it out. When do you start work anyway?" Bella asked as she shrugged on her coat. "I start the same day you start school. " Charlie said. Charlie held the door open for Bella as they walked out of their little cabin and into the car. On the way to the diner it appeared to be more than 2 to 3 miles away from the house. Once they got the diner they seated themselves and waited for a waitress. Soon enough a thin blond giddy girl walked up to us to take our order. "Hi my name is Veronica and I'm the waitress for the day. Would you like me to tell you the specials?" "No that's okay. Can I just have the rice pilaf with the mixed vegetables on the side of a steak medium rare? Bells, what are you getting?" Charlie asked looking up from the menu. "I just have the burger and fries on the side." "Alright, I'll go put that order in." The waitress smiled and took our menus. As the rest of dinner pass they talked about work and the school classes that Bella would be having. Luckily she would be starting the year out fresh and right at the beginning of the semester. They talked about the food and how it was nothing like it was back home but it was alright. After dinner they drove back the 3 miles to the cabin to settle in for the night. As Bella got ready for bed Charlie set up his precious flat screen TV on the ESPN channel. Bella brushed her teeth and washed her face and changed into her pajamas. Luckily when they hired the movers they set up her bed so she didn't have to sleep on her air mattress that night. It has been three days since she got into Alaska today was her first day of school. Because the alarm buys she went over her schedule and her head for the 50th time that week. Getting out of bed was easiest part of her day. While in the shower that morning she slipped and hit her elbow on the side of the bathtub leaving a giant bruise. Getting dressed she had to find a different outfit in order to cover the bruise so she wouldn't be embarrassed at school. While looking for a decent pair of pants to wear she noticed that all of her loosefitting pants seem to be in a box that she couldn't find. She was left to settle for a pair of slightly tight pants. It was tight enough to notice a slight bulge but if she got an erection all today it would be a catastrophe. She didn't have much of a choice but to deal with it. Her truck had finally arrive with several other large thing that they needed for the house so she finally had away get to school and back without her father. The schedule for school didn't seem too difficult so she thought the classes look like. Though she knew she would miss the few friends she had in Washington she hoped she can make new ones. Walking down