Chapter One In Norse Mythology, a valkyrie (from Old Norse valkyrja "chooser of the slain") is one of a host of female figures who choose those who may die in battle and those who may live. Selecting half of those who die in battle, the valkyries bring their chosen to the afterlife hall of the slain.Valkyries also appear as lovers of heroes and other mortals, where they are sometimes described as the daughters of royalty, sometimes accompanied by ravens and sometimes connected to swans or horses. "Gondor has no king" Boromir said pettily "Gondor needs no king". "With orcs in Osgiliath and on the Great Roads I would think a king is exactly what Gondor needs Boromir, son of Denethor steward of Gondor" A light musical voice remarked from the archway. Startled, many of the members leaped to their feet with their weapons in their grasps as a cloaked figure detached from the shadows seemingly unthreatened by the many weapons pointed at it at as it continued. "But then again that is simply my opinion" The hooded head turned to regard the many members of the council pausing slightly on Aragorn before landing on Gandalf, seeming to study him before slender hands lifted to the hood and lowered it allowing long, pure white hair to cascade down her (for it was now distinguished as a her) back, stopping halfway down. Every man's breath caught in their throats as they beheld her strikingly beautiful face and Frodo almost fell out of his seat. Even the elves were stunned by the female's beauty which seemed as heavenly as their own. Her skin was flawless, her lips full and her eyes were a strange violet color that added to her unique beauty. When she shifted it gave them a glimpse of her apparel underneath which consisted of a deep green tunic, brown leggings, and boots. A sword hung from her waist and two long daggers hung from the other side. The men were speechless. Gandalf however just smiled and gave a small chuckle which the woman returned. "Mithrandir it has been to long" She said in her musical voice, Gandalf's elvish name rolling off her tongue as she walked over to give him a hug. Gandalf returned it happily. "Valerie Galenairdottir you look as radiant as ever" He complimented and she chuckled softly. "You flatter Mithrandir" She then turned toward Lord Elrond and gave a slight bow. "Apologies for my late arrival Lord Elrond I was delayed in my travel" she said formally and Elrond dipped his head in acceptance before asking, "Nothing too serious I hope" Valerie made a strange rolling motion with her shoulders that seemed to be some sort of response. "A small uprising in an outlying Rohan village but it was resolved peacefully" She assured "I am here now and that is all that matters" Elrond nodded and waved her toward the seat to the right of Frodo and she quickly, but gracefully sat, giving the hobbit a small smile as she did. "Hey Val" he whispered back with his own smile. Elrond opened his mouth to continue when Boromir spoke. "Why is this female present? She no doubt knows little of such things and will be of no use" While Boromir had been dazed by Valerie's appearance he had not forgotten her remark. Both Gandalf and Elrond shot him angry and disapproving looks as the tension in the council shot up and the others turned to see how the female would respond. Her head slowly turned to pin him with a cold and eerie amethyst colored gaze and the men on either side of Boromir flinched away from her glare with sudden fear shooting through their hearts. "Valerie" Gandalf warned, though what he was warning her about none save he, Elrond, Frodo, Aragorn and Legolas knew. Her eyes flicked toward the wizard before snapping back to Boromir. "I have attended more councils among Dwarves, Elves and Men" She spat the word harshly, all traces of former humor gone from her, replaced instead by anger "Then you have soiled loincloths as a child Gondorian" The men with Boromir growled softly as Boromir himself went rigid and the Dwarves found themselves suddenly holding in laughter at the Man's expression. Valerie pushed on relentlessly either unaware or not caring about the looks she was receiving. "You would do well to either keep your tongue between your teeth next time you desire to speak to me or to do so in a civil manner Captain Boromir lest I not be as civil myself" Boromir glared furiously, but held his tongue Valerie turned back toward Elrond, dismissing Boromir contemptuously. The lord of Rivendell cocked an eyebrow at her but continued "The ring must be destroyed" One of the Dwarves grunted "What are we waiting for!" Lifting his ax he swung it down with a yell. There was a flash of light as the ax shattered, sending shards flying everywhere. Valerie snatched one out of the air seconds before it hit the hobbit to her left who didn't seem to notice. Tilting it she examined the runes engraves into the metal 'Gimli'(norse). Her eyebrows shot up as she recalled a dwarves voice filled with all the pride of a father as it showed her a drawing. "That there is my wee lad Gimli" "He looks just like his da" she had responded and looking at him now she realized she could indeed see traces of her old friend Gloin in his sons eyes, beard and gruff voice. "The ring cannot be destroyed by any blade or craft that we have Gimli son of Gloin" Elrond said gravely as the dwarves kinsmen helped him to his feet. "The only way it can be destroyed is for it to be taken to Mordor and cast into the fiery chasms of from whence it came. one of you must do this" He glanced around the suddenly quiet circle. "One does not simply walk into Mordor" Boromir stated a little incredulously "There is an evil there that does not sleep" Valerie tuned him out as he impressed the folly of the endeavor. She knew more than most the dangers of the evil of Mordor but that did not change the necessity of the quest. Her thoughts were spoken by the prince of Mirkwood who had leapt to his feet. "Have you heard nothing of what Lord Elrond has said? The ring must be destroyed!" He insisted. Gimli also rose to his feet "And I suppose you'll be the one to do that" he challenged as the dwarves and elves began to grumble and argue "And if we fail? What then? What happens when Sauron comes to take back what is his?" Boromir cried with fear in his voice "I would die before I see the ring in the hands of an elf" Gimli thundered and the elves rose with a roar. Their prince flung his arms out in an attempt to hold his kinsmen back while the dwarves goaded them on and Valerie admired the Princes attempted peacemaking especially since the last time they had crossed paths he had hated dwarves with a passion. She studied the Prince of Mirkwood and idly wondered what he had had to say to Thranduil to let him, his only heir, to come to the council. Then she shrugged it off, it was none of her concern. "I will take it!" She heard a voice cry from beside her suddenly. She immediately shot out of her seat and whipped around to look the Halfling in the eye, crouching slightly to do so. "You do not mean that" She told him seriously and the hobbit looked back determinedly. "Yes I do" The woman stared desperately at the nephew of her dear friend. "This will not be grand and glorious as Bilbo and I have said in our tales Frodo" She warned "Are you certain you are completely ready for that?" He swallowed "No. But you have said yourself that no one can be completely prepared for such things" He said quietly. Valerie stared at him for a long while before sighing in defeat "Very well" She stood and picked up Gandalf staff from where it was propped up against his seat, turned back toward the arguing men who had not noticed Frodo's announcement, placed a supporting hand on his shoulder, and then slammed the butt of the staff against the floor. The resounding crack was as loud as a lightning bolt and immediately gained the councils attention. "Let Frodo Baggins speak" Valerie commanded quietly but firmly and they quickly quieted down. "I will take the Ring to Mordor" Frodo said, shaking slightly but drawing comfort from the hand on his shoulder. "But I do not know the way" He admitted rather sheepishly. Gandalf stepped forward "I will help you bear this burden Frodo Baggins" He vowed gravely "For as long as it is yours to bear" He walked over to stand on the other side of the hobbit and placed his hand on Frodo's other shoulder then gave Valerie a meaningful look to which she quickly handed him back his staff. Aragorn stepped forward "By my death or honor, you have my sword" He pledged "And my bow" The elf price added. "And my ax" Gimli growled, shooting the elf another glare. Then Boromir stepped forward and Valerie had to suppress a growl. "You carry the fate of us all little one. If it is possible Gondor will see it done" Frodo nodded then craned him head up to look at Valerie questioningly. "Without a doubt my friend" she said gravely 'but that does not mean I agree with this little hobbit' she said softly inside his mind 'I know' he thought back with a purely mental smile. They turned to face Lord Elrond but before he could speak Samwise Gamgee burst from the bushes yelling that 'Mr. Frodo wasn't going anywhere without him.' "Indeed it seems impossible to separate you two seeing as he was invited to a secret meeting and you were not" The elf scolded. Then Meriadoc and Perrigan ran from the pillars behind us and stated that they were going too and that it would be impossible to stop them and Valerie idly wondered exactly what percentage of the Shire Aragorn had brought with him. "Besides you need people of intelligence on this quest, thing." Pippin said confidently. "Then that leaves out you, fool of a Took" Valerie scolded him and he turned to her in surprise. "Oh hello Val. when did you get here?" She simply rolled her eyes at him as Elrond spoke "Ten companions. Very well, you will be the Fellowship of the Ring" "Great!" Pippin said enthusiastically "Where are we going?" There was a feast later in the day in the Fellowship's honor. Valerie had attempted to escape to a secluded part of the library but one look at Mithrandir warned her that he would not accept that. So a few hours later after she had packed and bathed and visited Bilbo (who was both startled and overjoyed at her appearance) she found herself in a silver colored elvish gown with long sleeves and a wide neck that showed her collarbone and had absolutely no practicality. She looked up at Arwen in disgust "Why am I wearing this?" She asked and Arwen smiled gently before answering patiently, "Because father requested it and it is a formal banquet" Valerie gave a huff of annoyance "Why does it seem that every time that I stay here your father insists on putting me in a dress" She grumbled and Arwen laughed "I believe there is a betting pool among the guards of how many times he can get you to wear one until you refuse" Valerie raised her eyebrows at Elrond's daughter in surprise "And how would a gentle lady like yourself know of such things?" she asked mischievously and Arwen's cheeks went slightly pink "Aragorn told me"