Note: This one-shot was written one year ago for the 2nd Annual Tricky Raven Author/Artist Silent Auction. As of April 7, 2015, Tricky Raven has kicked off their 3rd Annual Author/Artist Silent Auction. If you would like to bid on me or are curious, please check Tricky Raven out on Ning! Author: ImaginaryHeartx Pairing: Embry/Bella Rating: M Warnings: AttemptedSuicide, Death, Extreme Emotional Angst Bidder: Mmsimpy09 Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Just One Kiss The jagged edge of the rock cliff pressed into my flesh. My feet dangled over the ledge. The gravity of the ocean below beckoned me to let go. Dirt and rock wedged between my fingernails as I leaned forward. Anxiety and curiosity flared in my belly as a ball of flapping butterfly wings. Gusts of wind pushed my hair away from my face while tears poured from my eyes. The salty scent of the ocean smelled of freedom – freedom from the pain that resided in my chest for one year now. If I leaned just a little too far, then maybe the blinding darkness inside of me would lighten. I might feel alive. I might feel something besides grief before the angry waves beating against the cliff swallowed me whole, taking from me the very life I lived. I wouldn't fight death. It would be a welcomed silence to the constant what-ifs. What if I had been the one to jump first? What if Jacob would have waited? What if he had leaped a little further out? What if his leg hit the rock instead of his head? What if I hadn't suggested cliff jumping? What if I fell – jumped even? What if I knocked on death's door? Maybe on the other side, Jacob would be there to greet me – his hand outstretched and that sunny smile there to unthaw my frozen heart. He would whisper to me how much he missed me and how he hated being so far away, and I would tell him how every day I lived without him was like trying to breathe under water. Jacob would apologize for leaving me so suddenly, and I would tell him a million "I love you's" to make up for the year I had gone without saying them. Then we would cry, but not tears of sadness. Happiness would plaster itself on our faces as smiles, and glistening tears would dry up like droplets of rain in a barren desert. We would be together again with nothing but eternity ahead. I pressed my palms into the dirt. Pieces of broken rock jabbed into the bones of my fingers. My thighs rose from the cliff, its edge no longer slicing into them. The bottoms of my feet settled against the smooth rock face. Lifting my bottom from the ground, I leaned forward more. The view from my elevated position was glorious. Even through the ample amount of tears, the beauty of the setting sun on the Pacific was like looking into the eyes of God. The almost black water covered in tiny bits of white foam glistened a pinkish-orange as the sun fell beyond the horizon. Closer to the setting sun the violent waves were calm, barely moving enough to crest a frothy white before they disappeared only to resurface again a few feet from the bottom of the cliff. Sharp, jagged rocks broke the violent waves, splashing the salty water nearly half way up the eighty foot cliff. That's where I wanted to be...at the bottom of the cliff atop the pointed rock that took Jacob's life. What a beautiful setting it would be for the one who would stumble upon my broken, lifeless body as the sun rose high in the sky. The memories of Jacob's accident would surely raise an eyebrow, and then when my body was identified, whispers of question would swarm La Push. A beautiful story it would be – one for the literature books. My arms ached as they held my body up. The muscles began to quiver, and my elbows fell weak. The bend in my wrists throbbed due to the constant pressure of my weight. My feet pushed harder against the smooth rock allowing myself leverage for the plunge. Thick humidity materialized as beads of dew. My skin fell damp and my heart raced in my chest as I peered out over the ocean. The sun hung low on the horizon, almost completely hidden behind the curved edge of the water. That sight was the last I wanted to see. It was the last Jacob saw. I needed to experience every last moment he did. I needed to feel the pain of my skull crushing against the rocks below. I needed to inhale my last breaths of ocean water. I needed to feel the freedom of death. I lifted my right foot as I stared into the setting sun, wishing to feel Jacob's arms encompass me. Then I lifted my left arm, and pushed a few strands of my wind-blown hair behind my ear – just as Jacob used to do. I relied on one arm and one foot to keep my body steady, but my heart relied on my shaking muscles to give out at any time and set me free. Suddenly, my foot slid on the dew covered cliff. Chunks of rock bounced down into the violent waves I was sure to meet any second now. Peace closed the wounds in my heart and shielded my eyes as I felt my elbow bend under pressure. I tucked forward to ensure my fate would be the bottom of the cliff, and waited. For a brief second, I fell and I was free. The wind blew across my face drying the tears gallantly flowing down my cheeks. I spread my arms, welcoming the fall as memories of watching Jacob do the same clouded my mind. I could see his face, his smile, his black-brown eyes. I could hear his voice as he spoke my name, sending spirals of chills down my spine. I could feel his warm embrace, his soft flesh, and his quickening pulse. For a moment, a mere split second, I was engulfed by Jacob Black again, and it was glorious. It was enough to allow me to want to release my soul from my physical body. Before I could, Jacob whispered in his honey-sweet voice, "I love you, Bells." Just as quickly as the fall began, it ended. Jacob was gone again, and my soul returned when my midsection collided with two arms. My head snapped forward, and my legs fell back against the cliff. A torso slammed against my back as I was pulled in the opposite direction of my intended fall. The air in my lungs left with a thud and a whoosh. Anger replaced the anticipation of my death, and I swung my arms and legs trying to free myself long enough to plummet off of the cliff. "Oh no you don't." A male grunted against me. He released one of his arms, pinning my flailing one to my side. "I've got you." In rebuttal, I kicked my legs. The realization that my life had been saved hit me as he wrapped his legs over mine. Echoing sobs scratched through my throat, silencing the crashing waves below. "Let me go," I cried. "I can't do that, Bella." "Let me be with Jacob, please." An endless supply of tears soaked my face. The pain I had succumbed to and accepted as I chose death over life swallowed my very being. I was pain. I was death. I was loss. I was a years worth of memories. Then I felt the stranger's cheek against mine, sharing my tears. "Please." I pleaded. "I can't do this anymore." From side to side my body began to sway. "Just let me go..." "I won't do that." He whispered. "I won't let you kill yourself. I know you loved Jake. I did too, but, Bella, he's gone. You can't change that." Gone. Jacob was gone. And I was still here. That thought hit me like I was watching him die again. A blood curdling scream ripped through my body. I felt whoever was behind me jerk and squeeze me tighter against himself. I began to fight again – fighting for my freedom to jump and take my life, but the man behind me had no inclination to let me do such a horrendous thing. So, for what felt like hours, I struggled to get free from his protecting embrace until my body no longer listened to what my heart told it to do. Utter exhaustion coursed through every inch of me until all I could do was rest against an unknown chest and cry. Echoing sounds of the ocean and the rapid beat of the stranger's heart soothed my aching soul. I swayed with my enemy as he rocked me in his arms like I was a newborn. Slumber brought a darkness which encompassed me in a comatose cocoon. I awoke late afternoon face down and covered in floral sheets. Beneath my head, a balled up pillow covered with orange cotton. My feet dangled over the side of the mattress, my toes touching the cold floor below. The wall to my left was bright red, and draped over the window above my head was a native woven blanket – black and green in color. My head spun. My heart throbbed. My eyes were blurry. All side effects from the sunset the night before, and my decision to try to take my life. A puff of regret floated from my heart to my brain, but only long enough for me to remember why I had wanted to die. Jacob died. A year ago. The next beat of my heart sent a shock wave of anguish through my veins. I couldn't feel anything further than that thought before the door creaked open, casting a white light against the red wall. "You awake?" I heard. The voice sounded familiar and home-like. I knew my savior from last night. Embarrassment fluttered to my cheeks as heat and blush. "Yeah," I answered. An ache in my throat formed just as my reply parted my lips. I remembered my blood curdling scream just as I realized I was saved. My hand clasped around my neck as I swallowed and the ache sharpened. "I brought you some orange juice," he said as he stepped into the room. "Might help make you feel better." Though the room was dark, the stranger who had saved me the night before was no longer a stranger. He was Embry, the tall, lean, and rough around the edges best friend of Jacob. He was the child of a single-mother, who spent more time drinking than she did with her son. And so, the once sweet little boy turned sour – breaking into buildings, wrecking cars, smoking endless amounts of weed, and being arrested for DUI's. Embry slowly walked to the bed like he was afraid I was about to...commit suicide. His gray eyes were soft – tender almost – as they watched my every move. Concern was weaved into his forehead as a crease. His full lips were in a tight line, and he watched carefully as I slid up on the mattress. Embry knelt next to the floor level bed, reaching me the glass of juice. "How'd I get here?" I questioned. "I carried you," Embry replied as though the mile walk with an extra hundred and ten pounds was as easy as blinking. "Oh." I took the glass from his hand and brought it to my mouth before I hesitated. "Drink up," he motioned with his hand. "My throat's sore," I rebutted hoarsely.