A/N: Gadge feels are raging lately. Enjoy this. Oneshot. Title by Olivia Newton-John. "You came when I was happy in your sunshine I grew to love you more each passing day Before too long I built my world around you And I prayed you'd love enough of me to stay" Their footsteps have long since been absorbed into the ground under them. The air isn't necessarily cold yet, but the hostility has thickened it enough for it to feel like mid-winter. Katniss follows in Gale's angry footsteps that are deliberately leading to the clearing they've always settled in, hoping to have enough food for every hungry mouth. "I just don't understand why you're so hostile towards her all of the time," Katniss says, whipping her bag off of her shoulder and placing it between them. "Well it's not like you're any better than I am," Gale says, "You hate Thom just as much as I hate her, you know that." "I actually have a reason though, Gale." Katniss sighs, "You're horrible to Madge for no reason other than the fact that she's from town. That's not fair. It isn't her fault." "Nobody's fault," Gale groans, carefully dividing the luscious red berries into three equal containers. "Just the way it is." Katniss reaches to the grass below her and peels the blades between her fingers, tossing them over her shoulder one by one. Of all the horrible things in Panem, Katniss hates the social divide more than anything. Ever since she was a little girl, her Mother had always been forced to scold her for the terrible things that would leave her lips about how horrendous the people in the Capitol must be, enjoying life so lavishly while people die of starvation around her so easily. The cold heartedness that came upon her during puberty has a good reason behind it, but not when it comes to people from her District's town. "She's a nice girl," Katniss mumbles, "She sits with me at lunch. She pays us well. You should be nice." "Whatever, it's not like she cares anyway." Gale pushes himself up from the ground and quickly slings his bag over his shoulder. His now much lighter footsteps carry him to the fence with ease and when he gets close enough, he holds up the chain link for his best friend who slips under to the other side. They walk in silence until they reach the town square where they follow the worn out pavement to the back door of the mayor's house. After three quiet knocks, the door opens slowly revealing a small blonde with a light smile. Her name is Madge Undersee. "Hello, Katniss." Madge says with a smile, brushing her loose bangs behind her ear. She's never bothered to say hello to the other half of the duo, as he always rolls his eyes at her when she laughs or even speaks for that matter. Madge Undersee is not a doormat, and she would never let anybody walk all over her like she is one. "Madge," Katniss breathes, trying to emulate the smile she'd received before reaching into her bag for the carton of red berries that have always been her favorite. Madge graciously accepts the gatherings from her hands and in it's place she leaves six golden coins. Typically, Katniss and Gale make four on such a small carton, but Madge insists they leave with six every time as they are such a treat for someone of her stature. The Capitol must have locked them away on the other side of the fence for a reason, Madge assumes. It's funny how everything good and beautiful is always just out of her reach. She let's her eyes flick to Gale for just a second, observing the way his seam grey eyes are locked on a crease in the pavement, his eyebrows furrowed in concentration. She never understands why he acts the way he does to her, and she sure as hell wishes he didn't. "Thank you," Madge says, forcing herself to pull her eyes away from the Seam boy and lock them with Katniss' instead. "My Father will love them." "Hope so." Katniss says, noticing Madge's deep blue eyes laced with just a little bit of pain after looking at her friend. Before Katniss has the chance to completely distinguish why, she finds herself digging her hands into the pockets of her Father's oversized hunting jacket. "See you tomorrow." "See you," Madge says, spinning on her heel and click shut the door. Katniss turns her back to the door and follows silently behind Gale who's already started down the dirt trail that's familiar to the both of them; the one that leads to The Hob. For some reason, every time they deliver to the Mayor's house Gale finds himself left with thoughts of Madge. Especially today, after what Katniss said earlier. She was right, he thinks. He didn't really have much of a reason at all to be mean to her. But because he struggles to get just a little bit of food into each hungry stomach of his family while the Mayor's family eats enough on a daily basis to feed them for a week, he'd always found it easy to take it all out on Madge; even though it's never been her fault at all. "How do you know?" Katniss says, surprising even herself by the break in silence. "How do I know what?" "Before you said that Madge doesn't care," Katniss says, kicking a pebble further ahead of them. "How do you know?" Gale sighs in response, running a hand through his thick black hair and taking a minute to study the rocky pavement below his feet. Madge is the last person he'd ever imagined to feel anything other than hatred for him after the way he's tormented her. "It's Undersee," Gale grunts, "She hates me. Always has. If I were her, I'd hate me too." "Whatever you say," Katniss mumbles, being sure to keep the blatant desperation she noted in Madge's eyes to no one but herself. ... Gale has always hated Saturdays. Katniss always left him early in the woods, as the weekend is the only time the Goat Man is willing to trade Prim's goat cheese for anything, and apparently, he's on a strict time schedule. He hated them even more because being alone meant facing the Undersee household by himself. It's always very awkward for the two of them. Gale never hesitates to point out Madge's stammer to which she blushes and curses his name in a low enough voice for her to feel safe about it. Usually he hopes that her butler will answer the door, even though he'd get in trouble for that. Anything's better than Undersee, though. Much to his demise, Gale treads up the perfectly paved walkway and nonchalantly knocks on the door. The windows are open, plushed white curtains flowing through the panes into the open air. Gale wonders how they haven't gotten coated with coal dust yet, as no one in the Seam knows what the color white is supposed to look like because of it. Impatiently, Gale knocks on the door again. This time a little bit harder, and on the thinner part of the door that will probably ring an echo through the foyer. Just as he's about to raise his hand a third time, something stops him. Through the open window, Gale hears a tune carrying through the house. His mind makes the connection instantly: Piano. Gale turns his back on the door and crosses his arms while leaning back against it. The sound of Madge's playing carries through the open air much clearer now that he's listening, and he now knows that it's even a song he recognizes. He smiles lightly, although he'll never admit it. He could stay here listening to her play forever. Suddenly, the door behind Gale flies open and he lands right into the arms of the Mayor's daughter. Madge grunts and throws the heavy Seam boy off of her before absentmindedly brushing her dress flat on her stomach. "What're you doing here?" "It's Saturday, Undersee." Gale groans, searching his game bag for the carton of strawberries. "Oh, right." Madge says, brushing a piece of hair behind her ear. Gale finally finds the carton and thrusts it toward the blonde haired girl. She accepts it graciously and sets it on the table beside the door before reaching into her pocket for the gold coins. As much as he swears he hates her, he does admire the way she brushes her hair behind her ear. The way she chews her lip when he insults her and she doesn't know how to respond. Hell, Undersee is cute. But nothing could ever come out of that. "Was that you?" Gale spurts out. "Excuse me?" "Playing the piano." Madge bites her lip and Gale cringes in retaliation. "It sounded nice, Undersee. I'm not making fun." "Oh," Madge blushes while placing the six coins carefully in Gale's hand. "Well, thank you." "Yup," Gale says, turning on his heel toward the Seam while unknowingly leaving an anxious girl behind in town. ... "Gale!" Madge giggles, "It's A not F! Play it again!" Gale hits the piano keys carelessly and Madge erupts into an inferno of laughter. Ever since Katniss has gotten reaped, the two have leaned on each other for emotional stability. It started out innocent, Madge inviting him to come in and listen to her play, but their small get togethers have turned into daily occurrences that neither of the two is unhappy about. It's weird for Gale, sure, to have someone he's disliked so much be someone he cares about just as much now. But in some sense, it's easy. Convenient, even. The opposites compliment each other so perfectly that somehow, with Katniss off with the little girl from eleven, the two have managed to get their minds off of the games and onto something very different. "I'm just not as good as you," Gale says, laughing. "You're just all around perfect." Madge helplessly blushes and pushes her hair behind her ear again. Gale cringes. "That's not true," Madge says, "I never really thought so anyway." Gale's fingers dance up the keys until they rest over Madge's. The piano booms but it doesn't phase them as Gale rises from the bench and leans forward until their lips meet. ... "Use these for your friend," Madge says, thrusting the soggy cardboard box toward Katniss. Katniss stares back in complete bewilderment when she uncovers the lid to reveal sixteen viles of morphling. Madge doesn't expect Katniss to understand why she'd do such a thing. After all, they'd decided not to tell Katniss about what happened between them, or what's happening, Madge supposes. But even if Katniss did know, Madge would've had no other choice but to help him when she saw him, beaten and bloody hanging in the square. She's never felt so defenseless and infuriated toward the Capitol, and she probably could've even done the same to the new peacekeeper without even feeling bad at all, but instead she ran home in a hysterical rage, skipping every other stair up to the room that her Mother lays in. Mrs. Undersee has met Gale before, the tall boy with the pretty eyes that makes Madge's cheeks turn pink when he smiles at her, as she describes him. When she heard of what the Capitol's officials had done to him, she didn't need to think twice about surrendering a weeks worth of the drug she depends on. After all, she's never seen Madge's cheeks turn pink around anyone else. She's never seen anyone swoon over someone like that since her sister, Maysilee during The 50th Hunger Games. And this time, fate was in Mrs. Undersee's hands. This time, she wasn't going to let just one half of the duo survive. "They're my mother's. She said I could take them. Use them, please." Madge