Chapter One: Haleth's Tale A/N: I have posted this for a friend of mine. She was not so proud of the story, but I did, so I am posting it. I beta read for her. Notice: This chapter has been highly revised, and much has been changed. Please do read it again; you'll get a very differently-carried-off story. We apologize for the inconvenience. Disclaimer: The author owns the two girls. Philippa Boyens and Fran Walsh own Haleth (and Philippa Boyens is in charge of Haleth's actor, except perhaps not now that he's eighteen and maybe away from home). Everything else belongs to Tolkien. I rode out a ways from Edoras with Haleth today. We took Mared and Ruim, the former, a gelding, belonging to Haleth's father Hama and the other, a mare, to Heoman, another guard of Meduseld. Neither of our mounts could gallop a fair distance, but that did not matter to my companion and me today, for we only wanted to see the White Mountains from far below, on the plain surrounding Edoras' steep rise. When I am down on the plain, I look up and up and up to the very peaks, blue-purple and frosted white outlined crystalline against the impossibly clear sky. The wall of white-gray-blue patterns of snow and rock seems to stretch endlessly before me, from side to side and so high; I feel a sense of infinity in how the mountains go on and on, but also an incredible smallness, that I am the youngest of the young, looking upon such beauty and vastness that has existed and remained since before the First Age, perhaps before even the elves. I feel that no matter what happens these mountains will always remain. They are a reminder to Haleth and me that some things do not change, because many things in our world are changing. Our king, Theoden, who used to come out of Meduseld nearly every day and check on the well-being of Edoras or ride out to some of the outlying villages, has not been seen in the city for more than a month now. Grima, King Theodon's advisor, has been the subject of much rumor lately, and the orphanage nurses call him Wormtongue. At first, I thought it was because he hisses when he speaks, but Anawyn has since told me that the nurses think he is poisoning the king's mind, and that is why he does not, or cannot, come out of Meduseld. I cannot know what to think of this, as I cannot pay as much attention to the royal goings-on as I would like: the orphanage stands very close to Edoras' outer wall, and the only time I can hear news is either when it comes to us through the many people who donate food and clothing to the children, or when Haleth tells me what his father tells him. And there have been rumors flying wildly through the city. Rumors that Saruman, the white wizard who has long been Rohan's ally, has turned against us, and that a shadow is growing in the East, in Mordor. Cadwyn and I like to eavesdrop when we cannot ask Haleth for tidings. Some, in their conversations, have denied these dire whispers, and put them off as the figment of a drunken imagination. "Pah!" They exclaim. "Saruman has only helped us before. Why should he hurt us now? Some people are not content unless they are stirring up silly rumors." "But," their frightened companions say, "They say, 'Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they are subtle and quick to anger.' Who truly knows Saruman? He has not spoken to the king in years! Can you ignore the attacks on the Westfold?" For large groups of Orcs have begun attacking villages in the Westfold, burning them and driving out the inhabitants. More refugees pour into Edoras by the day, many of them newly orphaned children. It is hard not to cry when I watch them arriving at the orphanage, confused and frightened, suddenly alone in the world. Cadwyn and I try our best to comfort them and make them laugh, but our efforts are often in vain. I pulled back gently on the reins, and Ruim stopped. "Do you think we have come too far?" I asked Haleth. He turned around in his saddle and looked towards Edoras, small under the great shadow of the mountains just behind it. "No," he said. "I can still see Meduseld clearly. But we shouldn't go any further than this, to be safe." I nodded. Hama had allowed us to ride outside the gates only on the condition that we stayed within clear sight of the city. "The sky is clear today," I said. "The sky is often clear," said Haleth, looking sideways at me. "Why do you notice?" "Well, Cadwyn and I heard yesterday that the world is coming to an end-" " What? " "We eavesdropped outside the Mourning Mare." "Eiryn, you should really stop doing that. You hear so much nonsense," Haleth said, exasperated. "I don't believe it all," I said. "I only mentioned the sky because I wonder how people can say the world is ending when the sky looks so... peaceful. I always thought the world would end in violence and darkness, not this." I motioned towards the blue sky. "There is violence and darkness," Haleth said. "The attacks on the villages? Theoden's absence? Saruman's silence? These are all bad tidings, but they do not stop the sun from shining, nor the sky from being blue. The world could end on a day like this." "Haleth, stop that!" I exclaimed, slightly alarmed. "I thought you said you didn't believe any tavern rumors, and now you're saying that the world could end-" "Eiryn," Haleth said, laughing, "I was only joking. You are too easily frightened." "But you meant the first part," I said. "When you talked about the bad tidings." "Yes," said Haleth gravely. "I am afraid more bad is happening than good right now." His tone, usually so pleasant, now made me feel intensely gloomy, and I wished for nothing more than to throw off that feeling. "Haleth, please, may we sing?" I asked. "You don't need to ask my permission," Haleth said. I began to sing, at first quietly, but louder as my confidence grew. We were out on the plain, after all. Who would hear me? It was a drinking song, sung often and loudly in the Mourning Mare, the tavern not seventy-five yards from the orphanage (though of late, Cadwyn and I had heard little singing). Haleth joined in on the second verse. Our voices grew loud and jolly. As we swung into the chorus, Haleth turned Mared around and abruptly broke off the tune, his face falling. My voice faltered and stopped, and I turned around in the saddle to see what he had seen. I understood immediately why Haleth had stopped singing: a group of at least one hundred refugees, most of them women, children, and the elderly, had just emerged from behind a small hill a little beyond where we stood. I sat very still, mortified that they had heard our merrymaking. I looked sideways at Haleth. He was sitting still and very straight in his saddle. Then, seemingly making up his mind, he dismounted, gave Mared's reins to me, and approached the mounted woman at the head of the group. "Shall my friend and I ride ahead and give news of your arrival, or shall we guide you to the gate?" He asked. I dismounted, hurried over to Haleth, and tapped him on the shoulder. "I'll guide them; you go and announce them," I whispered."You are a page, after all." He nodded, mounted Mared, and began to canter back to the city. "He has gone ahead to announce you," I told the woman. "I will accompany you. But first, is there anyone here in need of a horse?" It might have been a foolish thing to ask; they did already have several horses with them, but all had riders. A woman very heavy with child emerged slowly from the crowd. "Here," I said, and helped her into the saddle. "Are you ready?" "Yes," she said quietly. "It is very good of you to lend me your horse." "Think nothing of it," I said. "She is all I have to offer. Now then..." I turned back to the group. "Er... come with me, please." I started to lead Ruim and the woman slowly toward the city gates. The woman Haleth had talked to quickly drew up beside me. "What were you doing alone on the plain?" she asked in a low voice. "That is dangerous, especially for two as young as you." "We were going riding," I said. "We were given strict instructions not to pass beyond sight of the city." "I see," she said, though her tone suggested that Haleth and I had been in the wrong. "Where are you from?" I asked. "Aldburg," she replied. "We have been traveling along the Great West Road for days now. The men are at home, still defending the city." "Ah," I said, because I could not think of anything else to say. I glanced back at the children. I tried to tell whether they were orphaned and would soon be coming to live with us. Sometimes it was easy to tell by the faces, so sad and forlorn that it seemed their owners had never smiled. This time it was more difficult; these children's expressions seemed impossible to read: unhappy, but not anguished as I had seen orphaned children look before. We walked the rest of the way to Edoras in silence but for the dull thudding of the horses' hooves on the grass. When we came within fifty yards of the gate, the guards opened it, and several people behind me cried for joy or exhaustion, I knew not which. As soon as we entered the gates, citizens of Edoras rushed in on all sides, offering to take in this family or that one, and find a stable for their horse. My friend Freyda, a girl of seventeen who had recently gotten married and left the orphanage, invited the pregnant woman on Ruim to her house. The woman thanked her profusely, but Freyda waved her away and said, "I could do with some female company," and winked at me as she helped the woman off of Ruim. I smiled, and then turned, mounted Ruim, and trotted across the cobbled main path and around the edge of the city until I reached the messengers' stables. Haleth had taught me about the back routes long ago, and they served me well when the main path was crowded as it was now. At the stables, I gave the mare a quick brush, made sure she had grain and water, and set off to the orphanage on foot. When I got there, I saw the woman who had been leading the party of refugees standing by the door. Gwethawyn, the venerable head nurse, was talking with her. Gwethawyn spotted me coming down the hill from the main path and called to me to hurry. I ran to her side. "What is it?" I asked. "Are there many new children?" "Ten," she said. "And-" " Ten? " I couldn't believe it. We had never had that many new children at once before. Five had come in the past week, and the nurses and Cadwyn and I had sewn until our fingers ached making bedrolls for them, but ten! Haleth's grave words were becoming more true by the day. "Yes, so I need you to hurry." She pressed four silver coins into my hand. "Go to the weaver. Tell him we need all the sturdy cloth he has." "This isn't enough," I said, too quietly for the refugee woman to hear. I could tell that Gwethawyn knew this already. "Tell him we will provide bread to his family for