This fic is a continuation of The Never-ending Road , a massive re-telling of Harry Potter books 2 - 4 with an end goal of Snape/girl!Harry. This fic picks up in Order of the Phoenix . I split the fics in part because the story was getting so gigantic. Do you have to have read TNER to understand this fic? Honestly, I have no idea. Probably. If you're reading this note and saying, "I'm not reading a giant-ass fic to prep for this one!" that's more than fair. The first installment alone is 550k and 92 chapters. Another reason I split the fics is because this one will be less gen than TNER, moving into more shippy Snarriet territory. It's still gonna be slow burn as hell, because I know how I operate. But, there's my warning. When I first started posting The Never-ending Road four years ago, I was pretty sure hardly anyone was going to read it. It has since grown to proportions that have stunned me. the interest people have expressed in that fic and now its continuation are making me mAJORLY FREAK OUT RIGHT NOW, s o hi ︎c: "No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path." ― Gautama Buddha, Sayings Of Buddha Tonks was late. This happened a lot. Aurors didn't really have tidy schedules. At the Ministry this wasn't a problem, since they were used to it. Unfortunately, those Aurorly habits made it hard to be on time for clandestine meetings. She Apparated into the little copse of trees in the park on Grimmauld Place. Notice-Me-Not spells gently discouraged Muggles from wandering into the Apparition spot, but they had, of course, no effect on wizards. That was rather the point. The problem occurred when you Apparated at the same time as someone else and, trying to hoof it to the Secret Meeting for which you were already late, ploughed into them and knocked them over. "Sorry!" she said, stepping on their cloak and then falling over when she tried to jump off. "Sorry, I'm just-urk." She wondered what she had done, what horrible transgression she'd committed in a past life, to have set herself up to knock over Snape . He gave her a filthy look, which carried the suggestion that being also late was the only reason he wasn't already sharing the park with her corpse. "Sorry," she said again, knowing it was useless; but she'd been raised to be polite. "I suppose I should be grateful it wasn't worse," he said, and his was not so much a no-harm-done tone as a dearly-wish-harm-would-come-to-you tone. Tonks pretended to be brushing some mud and grass off her trousers so she could wait till he'd stalked out of the clearing. It was entirely because she felt that a bit of space would do them both a bit of good, though if asked, she'd say it was because they hardly cut two inconspicuous figures. Snape had worn his black, imposing robes, like always, and Tonks' long hair was magenta shot through with black and lightning-colored streaks. If anyone saw them standing around together, they'd be looking around for the heavy metal concert, or possibly the circus. But when she finally tottered across the square to the front door of Number Thirteen, Snape was clearly still feeling that what England needed to make it a place fit for all good wizards and witches was fewer Tonkses. " If you're ready," he said, and raised his wand to rap on the door. She heard the familiar sinuous clicks of the locks drawing aside. Pausing only to shove his oar in one last time-" Do try to remain upright and not set her off"-Snape swept over the threshold. Tonks edged into the gloomy interior. She pushed the front door shut, closing off the rectangle of metallic daylight, and stood waiting a moment for her eyes to adjust. Bilious light filtered from the dusty old lamps that Sirius hadn't cleaned yet, though she knew that was the least of his worries. Over the decades, the Black Drawing Room had become the lair of a carnivorous escritoire that nobody could get near; an Axminster carpet had devoured one of Tonks' own shoes and then got horrible indigestion, which resulted in a synthetic leather sick-up that all but glued it to the floor; and it was hard to get rid of all the nasty Dark Arts stuff without someone asking where it was coming from. Remus and Mundungus had been carting off small batches since March, but they hadn't made much of a dent. And it was already June. She tiptoed past Mrs. Black's painting and followed Snape down the kitchen steps. If only she'd managed not to step on his cloak, she'd have counted it a win. "Sorry," she said again. At least Sirius would find this all very funny. She supposed it was, if you weren't Nymphadora Tonks. Or Snape, she added fairly. Snape's answering glare said that she was on his list, right after blokes named Voldemort, but he said nothing, only turning to enter the kitchen. She reckoned he hadn't been able to think of anything mean enough. He'd often given off that vibe in the seven years he'd taught her Potions: as if she was so hopeless, he'd run out of ways to describe her. The meeting room smelled like oven cleaner and overcooked roast. Someone, probably Remus, had packed in as many lamps as they could find, but all the extra light seemed to do was layer the gloom. The group clustered round the long, pitted, ancient table were chattering amongst themselves as they waited for the meeting to start, but a hush fell across them as Snape glided into the room like the family spectre. With his long, gaunt face and crow's black hair, he seemed like just the sort of ghost you'd find haunting the Black family mansion; far more than Sirius did. He was slumped at the far end of the table, his unkempt hair and whiskers giving him the look of an aging rock star. Sirius waved at her. She gladly took a wide orbit around Snape to the spare seat between him and Remus, who helped her pick up her chair after she knocked it over. Sirius grinned at her as she finally, after an ordeal that would have made angels weep, sat down. "Good evening, Severus, Tonks," said Dumbledore, as if they were all gathered for a nice, informal family dinner. "I hope you had a pleasant journey in. How is Tom enjoying Narcissa's hospitality, Severus?" "A great deal more than Narcissa's enjoying it," Snape said with a curl of his lip that settled into the well-trafficked lines around his mouth. "Theirs is the nicest residence of his circle, however, so he's unlikely to budge until something necessitates it." Sirius slouched in his chair, propping his chin in his hand. Behind his fingers, he muttered to Tonks, "Coming in with Snivellus, Tonksie? I thought better of you, my favorite cousin." Pretending to be absorbed in the details of Draco Malfoy (her other cousin of the House of Black) being sent off to summer in Austria, Tonks kicked Sirius under the table. He laughed silently. Remus, a pensive crease between his eyebrows, wrote on a scrap of paper and casually nudged it towards her. Tonks looked down. Remus had written: ' Kick him once more for me. ' She grinned at the note and took the request. Sirius, rubbing his ankle, muttered something about it biting sharper than a serpent's tooth to have a thankless cousin, and a thankless werewolf wasn't any better. "So, the Malfoys are divided," Dumbledore said thoughtfully. "Young Draco with family abroad, Narcissa at home, and Lucius, like his son, abroad - but the details as yet unknown." "Could it have to do with You-Know-Who's interest in the prophecy?" asked Kingsley. "Possibly," said Snape. "But the Dark Lord doesn't content himself with one plot at a time. He's always been adept at . . . multi-tasking. One of his reasons for making Lucius an errand boy is to show that he can . But he will have a legitimate purpose as well." "Narcissa would tell you if she knew?" asked Dumbledore. "I believe so." Sirius snorted. "You can't trust Narcissa, Sni-Snape," he said, changing the insult to Snape's name at the last moment, but (Tonks was sure) only because Dumbledore had shot him a warning look. "When did I say she was remotely trustworthy?" Snape asked boredly, as if listening to Sirius' comments was duller than watching that ugly wallpaper in the Black Drawing Room peel. "Narcissa can be trusted to do what she thinks is best for Draco's interests. That will align with our aims only so long as they're to her benefit." "And his other plans at present," Dumbledore said. "What are they?" "He wishes to have the prophecy in full," said Snape. "Now that he's satisfied you will not release the memory to me, he is making plans to approach the Ministry itself. . ." Tonks doubted "satisfied" was the right word. Snape always looked like that family spectre about to pronounce judgment on his descendents, but when she'd first re-met him back in March, he'd looked like he'd clawed his way right out of the ground. After Snape's report, they heard from Emmeline Vance and others. Remus made notes, like always; he took them in code, which he'd given to Tonks to try her hand at cracking. She'd had no luck so far; but whatever he was using, Sirius understood at least some of it, because he'd said, " Moony , I thought we were friends." Tonks was good at remembering exactly what she heard, thankfully, because she couldn't take notes in code. Sirius always gave off the impression that he was daydreaming right through every meeting, but when you asked him later, he could rattle off the full specs. Remus said it was a very annoying talent and had always frustrated his professors, who'd hoped to catch him out for not paying attention, only to have Sirius quote them back. "How is Alastor faring, Miss Tonks?" said Dumbledore, turning so that his light blue gaze fell on her. "They're releasing him tomorrow," she said, trying to keep it professional and not add any dumb jokes about how she expected the Healers to cry with relief. "I'll be down there to meet him at ten - Scrimgeour's already given me the time off." Even if he only agreed to get me to shut up and leave him alone , she didn't say. "Splendid," said Dumbledore, though the gleam in his eye suggested he had a good idea what she'd held back. "Remus, if you could arrange to be nearby, though not seem to be directly accompanying? There's the slim possibility that Alastor may present a target." "Happy to," said Remus. Sirius kicked at the table leg but didn't say anything. "Hestia," said Dumbledore, to the youngest person at the table, after Tonks, "you will be taking over our Harriet Potter watch. If you can leave immediately after our meeting to relieve Mundungus-" " Fletcher ?" said Snape, with a loathing that made Tonks feel suddenly quite well-liked. He seemed about to say something else, but Dumbledore just gave him a mild look and he subsided with an expression that said he'd like to bite a hole through the table. The group broke off into segments once the last of the assignments handed out. Tonks expected Snape to sweep out straightaway, like he nearly always did, but he stayed right where he was, talking in a low, fierce voice to Dumbledore. It was probably a diatribe against Mundungus. Tonks just hoped it wasn't about her. "So they're finally releasing old Mad-Eye," said Sirius. "Bet he's been going stir-crazy in hospital." "I think the hospital's releasing him in self-defense," said Tonks. Sirius grinned. "Do