Chapter one I get my first Kiss ... ... People have often wondered how Dementors came to be. Those foul creatures that bring grief and fear to people's hearts, which suck out all the joy and sometimes even the soul of a person leaving them empty shells. Those who are kissed by Dementors are more or less dead to the world with no way of returning. Eventually, their bodies die although that could take days, weeks or even months. What people don't know or have long since lost the knowledge of is that the Dementors Kiss is not always permanent. At one point in the past, it had been used as a challenge to youth issued by their elders for them to prove their abilities as wizards. If their souls returned to their bodies then they were worthy of growing older and teaching the next generation of wizards. That knowledge has since been lost to humankind leading the Dementors kiss to be classified as an execution method for Dark Wizards and Witches. It has been centuries since people in Europe have overcome the challenge of the Dementors kiss even if it was still used in more remote and smaller magical communities. Still one young witch might just get the chance to reveal to the wizarding world of Europe that returning from the Dementors Kiss is indeed very possible. It was a dark evening in Surrey. Téaleon "Téa" Potter; a soon to be fifteen-year-old witch sat on one of the parks only usable swing seats. The others had all been damaged in some way or were unreachable. Long black hair blew in the cool wind, as she swung back and forth just grateful for the break in the summer's heat. Two weeks had passed since summer had arrived and it had been a rough two weeks. With almost no communication with her friends and godfather, young Téa was slowly becoming more and more depressed. Drawing a sigh Téa was about to stand when the sounds of boyish laughter and boasting caught her attention causing her attention to fly to it. Instantly her eyes landed on a group of boys, which included her rather large cousin, Dudley Dursley. Just about to look away, an action caught her attention and she watched as the group of much larger boys pushed a younger boy to the ground while laughing even harder. Snarling angrily she swiftly stood from her swing, the sound of clanging chains catching the attention of the boys even as she stormed over. Considering most of the boys in Dudley's little group had begun to notice and at the same time fear girls they slowly began to silence themselves. "Picking on people younger than you, how low can you go?" She snapped irritation clear as day in her voice. "It gives a whole new meaning to looser." "On come on Potter, it's for a little fun!" One boy shot back making her snort as she crossed her arms over her chest. "If it's amusing to beat up somebody then I'm rather happy that I find other things amusing." She shot back before bending down and helping the young boy, James Evans, to his feet. Within seconds, his arms were around her waist and her own arms around his shoulders. "You lot are nothing but bullies, picking on children smaller and younger than you, it's pathetic, go back home," she snarled angrily and thankfully they seemed more frightened of her than she thought as they left scurrying away. Once out of sight she gazed down at James who was looking up at her with grateful eyes. "Are you alright?" She asked gently. "Better, thanks for saving me Téa you're the best." James chirped making her smile before she released him from her arms and gave his hair a soft ruffle. "Don't talk like that, I just help when I can, I know how it feels to be bullied by those bigger than you. Come on I'll walk you home, considering it's getting so late." She remarked earning a grateful smile from the boy before he pulled fully away. Walking away from the park, Téa listened as James spoke on about what he had done during the school year; how he had joined the soccer team and the goals, he had scored. It was only when she felt a large dip in the temperature that she frowned. Looking around she placed a hand on James' shoulder stopping him completely. "What's wrong Téa?" He asked yet she didn't answer him. She wasn't sure what was happening but something was happening and it wasn't something good. "List to me James whatever happens do as I order you to do understood," She grunted attention still divided. "But what..." "James don't argue with me please, just do what I tell you." She hated snapping at the younger boy, he was probably very confused, but she had only felt this sensation when one thing was nearby and if it was here then that was not good. "James listen very carefully okay, I want you to run as fast as you can. Don't stop until you arrive home and once there go in and lock your door. Whatever you do don't stop, don't look back, and don't come back out tonight okay, it's not going to be safe." She told him feeling the dreadful feeling of Dementors approaching. "I don't understand Téa..." Stay in the light, don't go into the shadows and don't you dare stop understand James!" She demanded but just then, James' expression turned from one of confusion to one of fright. "Téa... what was that?" "You... you can see it?" She whispered shocked yet she knew she didn't have time to take that information in; right now, she needed to be sure of the younger boy's safety. Taking her wand from her pocket, she swiftly summoned her one protection against the dark creature. "Expecto Patronum!" Thanking her lucky star, Prongs leaped from the tip of her wand making James gasp. "Prongs, I want you to follow James, I'll try to lead them away, but you need to protect him understood?" She asked her patronus earning a nod of the stags head before she turned back to James. "James I know you're scared right now but please run, Prongs will protect you until you get home." "But Téa what about you?" "I'll be fine, now go." With that, she pushed James in the direction of his home, which was thankfully away from the horrible sensation of the Dementors. With one last glance towards her, the boy seemed to see the urgency in her voice as he hurried to follow her orders running off at top speed. Prongs followed suit, sticking closely to his side. Watching him go she hoped he made it home before spinning on her heel and speeding of hoping to give James the chance. Running across the field, she held on tightly to her wand, heart racing as she entered an underground passageway. Panting she was so focused on getting away that she didn't notice the pool of water and as she stepped on it, slipped on the wet cement. Losing her footing, she fell back, knocking her head on the tiled surface sending lights dancing across her eyes. As her vision swam, she could do nothing but groan as a Dementor hovered above her. Unable to even pronounce a single word she felt her vision swim before everything went black and she knew no more. ... Groaning weakly, Téa slowly came to, her vision slightly blurry as her head pounded. Slowly reaching up to her temple she placed what she hoped was a soothing hand yet it didn't do much to stop the pounding behind her skull. Slowly becoming more aware, she looked around her. The last thing she remembered was running from the Dementors and slipping on the hard floor. Whatever happened after that was a mystery considering she had blacked out and now found herself in a strange room she didn't recognize. The room was large and rather imposing like nothing she had seen before. The room was completely made of stone with stone Grecian pillars going up at least fifteen feet still they met stone ceilings. The bed she lay on was large and covered in pillows, blankets, and furs. Slowly pushing herself up, she hesitated before pushing the blankets aside and slipping out of the bed. It was only then that she realized that she was completely naked. Feeling her cheek reddening, she swiftly grabbed the nearest thing on the bed, which happened to be a fur blanket before wrapping it around her figure shielding it from view and the cold that had suddenly assaulted her exposed skin. "Where the bloody hell am I!" She growled irritation clear in her voice as she glared around the room. "Because I'm going to kill whoever undressed me." Walking away from the bed, she began to walk around the room before noticing the desk with a single book on it. It was the only other piece of furniture in the room bar the single door. Approaching it, she slowly sat down on the chair and looked down at the book. The rather ornate cover gave nothing to what the book was about, but it was clearly old. Slowly turning the cover she was surprised to find handwritten paragraphs inside, curious growing she began to read hoping that the book would give her an idea as to where the hell she was. To the unfortunate person who had their soul sucked out by a Dementor, First, I would like to say congratulation; you got your soul sucked out by a Dementor! Now you have the lucky chance to fight for a change to get your soul back. This book was placed here to explain things to you. Call it your handbook considering you will be bringing it with you throughout your journey. Now you must be wondering what is happening, what the hell am I talking about and where you are. Allow me to explain things as best I can. As you most probably deduced, your soul was sucked out of your body. When this happens, your soul is brought to a different plane of existence, you are not exactly in the underworld, but you are not in the living realm either. You have one chance to send your soul back into your body and to do that you must pass every one of the seven tasks placed before you. Every task will be different and the level of difficulty will increase. Before you begin though you must have noticed that, you are at this moment in a bedroom of sorts without any clothing. The point of that is that you are going to take a bath before you set off onto your journey. Clothing will be provided to you but take note that this will possibly be the only clothing you get during your journey. This journey will take you through various tasks as I said, but those tasks are not specific to one environment, they could change from a summer environment to an arctic one. You will need to learn to adapt and survive through these changes. For now all the information, you need to learn has been told you. When you are ready to depart more information will appear, informing you on the first stage of your adventure. With that the writing ended and Téa was left not only horrified but in shock. She had been kissed by a Dementor. Nobody came back from that, she had always been told that once your soul was taken it could never return. Were these tasks always presented to those kissed by a Dementor and if so how could she survive them if nobody else in Britten could? "But I have to..." she whispered, "If I don't Voldemort will hurt my friends, kill them even. Plus I'm only fifteen I can't die now. I