A.N: So I randomly had a dream and decided to write this. I have never done drugs nor do I condone the use of them. Mature readers please due to language, violence, substance abuse, and lemons. Is a one shot but I guess if it became a popular demand thing I could turn it into a multi-chap. Please R&R. Thanks, - -melissaaax3 DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN TWILIGHT, ITS PLOT, OR ANY OF THE CHARACTERS. Not Him Paul fucked and fought. There was no deep undercurrent of emotions or distress that motivated his behaviour. Sure he had a shitty lot in life, but he became the way he was for purely selfish reasons. Anger was his driving emotion as a child but somehow he had grown to fuel his overwhelming anger on another emotion, pain. As mentioned before, Paul is a selfish creature to the very core. Others likened him to a rotten apple, rotted to the stem and Paul accepted this analogy taking it to heart. Selfish as he was, he did not thrive on his own pain. No reckless stunts, hurting himself, or attempts of suicide, but hurting others he relished. Around age 13, when he finally realized how tired he was of the anger pumping through his veins, tired of having his blood heated like lava always simmering from his rage. He was tired of having every breath and every action taken in anger. He found it ironically heated once again when he phased that first day; nevertheless, he realized something had to change. It wasn't a quick or easy transition. But Paul accepted that, he knew he would have to fundamentally build himself back up from the start. The first time he actually noticed someone else's pain he got a feeling of power and satisfaction. He had said something nasty to a girl at school, there was always one girl or another. Each and every one romanticising his behaviour and wanting to "save him" from himself. What a load of shit. His usual method to ignore them and stomp away didn't seem to be working. So when he turned around to face the girl her expression was one of shock and hope. When he opened his mouth and showed her just how rotted he was verbally that expression crumbled and there was pain. That hurt, that beautiful look that he came to love, or as close to love as he was capable of. As a result Paul became very good at noticing the pain of others, knowing what to look for, because he was always looking. His game improved as well, his method of causing pain growing from needlessly rude insults and scathing statements into well thought out plans and mind games. One of these plans lead him to losing his virginity, he had accepted a girl who asked him out at school. Told her he loved her, as if he knew what it meant and taken her virginity easily. He did not care to tell her it was his first time and let her believe what she wanted. That same day he had went and fucked another girl in his bed. He had arranged for his girlfriend to come over and his plan went spectacularly. Just as object number two cried his name loudly, clenching around him and he pulled out spilling on the sheets. He turned at a pained gasp and her face is forever treasured in his memory, the look of absolute heart break. In fact Paul was almost sad when she fled his house a trail of tears in her wake, because he could no longer see her crumpled expression. He had then turned to girl number two and stated "Do you think she'll still let me fuck her, you're a shitty lay". He had been slapped but it was worth it. That is how Paul built up his reputation ad found messing with girls and often enough their boyfriends or even husbands, to be his new favorite game. So when he joined the pack after a fight with some chicks boy friend, just how fucked up he was stopped being a secret. Paul loathed the pack mind, but he liked being a wolf, he liked the growth spurt, the strength, and even the anger. Jared was the next to join the pack, Paul's long time childhood friend and the closest thing he had to one now. The two reconnected and Paul was still the same heartless asshole, but Jared learned to ignore it. Sam had trouble at first, as Paul liked to bait him, not liking the older male simply because he was alpha. He baited him often, saying things about Leah and after an explosive fight between the two Jared talked to Sam. It was that same night that Sam imprinted on Emily and Paul first felt fear. Imprinting scared him on a fundamental level, he knew how much Sam loved Leah, he had seen his pain. Pain doesn't lie, he seen how much pain Sam went through not being able to see Leah and then imprinting on and avoiding Emily. To be in Sam's head after the imprint made him phase back and physically get sick. Bent over naked as he was in the forest, with puke still on his face and the acrid taste of it in his mouth is how Jared found him. He threw him a pair of shorts and they sat there together. Both felt the same about imprinting Jared to a lesser degree then Paul. They feared how completely it changed Sam, every single free thought about or related to Emily. They felt a lesser degree of the pull threw him and when Sam finally accepted the imprint and left Leah heartbroken Paul took no pleasure from her pain. Paul and Jared grew closer and Sam even began to befriend the outcast, Emily having calmed him down a lot. When the accident happened he did not feel joy at Emily's pain, physical pain had never brought him pleasure, he never wanted to be his father. Nor did he feel good about Sam's emotional pain, he felt his Alpha's pain through the pack and as a result he started to watch out for Emily. Not exactly being friendly to her, but no longer being his usual rude self. He was selfish and did not like his own pain. After the elders finally explained what they knew of imprinting Jared and Paul both settled down, imprinting is rare and had only happened to two members of the pack before the one of their grandfathers. When Jared imprinted Paul destroyed a forest. Jared had no qualms about accepting Kim and had even phased with Paul to try and explain it to him. Paul had been able to calm down and listen but he still hated imprinting and he feared it even more. The pack grew as the threat of leeches persisted and Paul lived his day fucking with his brothers occasionally and returning to his normal schedule of fuck, dump, and fight. But in the back of his mind, imprinting loomed like an impending doom. When baby alpha finally joined the pack, Paul found his favorite wolf to pick on finding the happy go lucky nature of the other wolf annoying. The two were the most opposite in the pack and tended to rub each other the wrong way. Needless to say, they were not put on patrol together. When they were forced to be phased together Jake's mind was filled with Bella, if Paul could not tell the difference he almost would have thought baby alpha imprinted. Paul detested leeches and as a result he didn't have very nice opinion of the leech lover as he liked to call her. Shit started to hit the fan when Sam had to alpha order Jake to not tell the leech lover anything and then when they saved her from the dreaded vamp. Paul's dislike for her grew, calmly talking to a vampire no fear to be seen on her face, but he could hear it in the furious racing of her heart and smell it in her blood. He didn't like that he couldn't pinpoint her fear it frustrated him and that made him even more frustrated. How baby alpha found a way around the gag order he didn't know, but she was here and he was pissed. She was too, he could hear it, but he couldn't see it. He became incensed. "What did you do to him?" She shouted, her eyes locked onto Sam. Before he could answer Paul did. "We didn't do anything! What did he tell you?!" he shouted back, glaring murderously at the pale slip of a girl in front of him. Her heart rate picked up and he could tell it was from anger and not fear by smell. A small growl escaped him just as she whipped her head in his direction. "He doesn't tell me anything because he's scared of you!" she answered hotly, Paul noticed the light shade of red dusting her cheeks in anger and felt his spine tingle. He let out a loud chuckle surprising both Jared and Sam. Paul never laughed not even bitterly as he was now. The little leech lover didn't seem to appreciate his condescending laugh. She charged him like a little hellcat, hauled off and slapped him. Paul's humor stopped and he began to shake. His furious dark eyes locked onto her molten chocolate and the world melted away. Her eyes were the richest color of brown he had ever seen, with hints of light brown, dark brown and gold blending to make the most perfect color. They were framed by gorgeous long lashes and there was the cutest little birth mark next to the corner of her left eye. He noticed all of this in just seconds without tearing his gaze away from her eyes. Then time caught up to him. He could distantly feel Sam and Jared's apprehension as to why he suddenly stopped shaking. Paul had never been able to stop a phase so they were caught off guard. He imprinted, on the fucking leech lover. If that didn't piss him off enough, the stab of pain he felt at referring to her as such did it and he phased immediately. Luckily enough or not lucky enough, his mind hissed at him, she was far enough away that he didn't catch her in his phase. It seemed she had moved back while he wasn't paying attention, this pissed him off and he got even more mad. Then he heard baby alpha. He called for her and for the first time he seen her fear, but it wasn't for herself it was for him and he growled. Baby alpha ran towards her and Paul's wolf snarled and beat at his control "Mine!" it snarled with ferocity as she ran to Jake and he to her. Jake noticed how pissed Paul was and leaped over Bella phasing mid air. Paul was distantly impressed before anger took over. They met in a tangle of limbs the silver of his fur clashing with the rust colored fur over his brother. Their tussle rolled them into the woods and he could distantly hear Sam sigh, order Jared to take Bella to Emily's (which he did not like), remove his clothing as he ran towards them and phase in. They were ordered to stop and could do nothing but obey. His wolf grew uneasy as he heard the sputtering of Bella's truck in the distance. He shifted his wolf body in the direction before he even noticed and Sam was quick to realize what happened. He ordered Jacob to phase out right away and they were left a lone. 'Paul' he started hesitatingly through the mind link. Paul snarled in reply before Sam sighed. 'Did you imprint on Bella swan?' asked the alpha wearily. Paul said nothing but there was no need to when the