I do not own nor profit from LOTR or any of JRR Tolkiens works A/N: This is a one shot that I thought I'd write since I like LOTR, but I never really write anything for it. Its such a complicated world to remember and write about, and I hate getting flames about inaccuracy. So sorry if some details are off, I HAVE read LOTR, the hobbit, the silmarillion, but again, he created such a long and complex world, it's hard to remember everything. This is really more of a smutty little one shot. Just an idea I wanted to get out of my head so I can focus on my other stories. There she was. Aravis, Princess of Dale, sister of King Brand of Dale. She was the granddaughter of Bard the Bowman, who became the king of Dale after Smaug the Terrible was defeated by his hand and the land after the Battle of the Five Armies reclaimed as their own. Eomer watched as she spoke cordially with her handmaidens in tow. She was speaking with King Theoden, who was laughing jovially, and regaling her with stories of his youth, so it seemed. Eomer sat at a table with some other soldiers, having been successful in yet another campaign. He took a deep drink from a silver flagon, keeping his eye ever on this strange new woman. He only knew her name and from where she hailed, but otherwise, nothing else, other than she was by far the most beautiful creature he ever had laid eyes upon. Her long dark hair was pulled back with intricate pins, revealing a slender neck, and a fair complexion. Her eyes had a nice shape from the distance he was at, unable to make out their color. She was tall and lean with a very womanly figure, hips that would bear a lucky many many sons given the chance. This was a thought Eomer thought upon longer than others. He kept his eyes on her figure, imagining what it was like under royal clothes. It wasn't until she was standing before him aside his uncle, that he realized he had stared for far too long. "My nephew, Marshal of the Mark, Eomer. He is our best fighter, but I suppose I have a biased opinion." The king laughed, patting him heavy on the shoulder. "Marshal, how very nice it is to meet you this eve." She gave a small bow, and met his eyes. Her voice was just as sweet as her face, and her golden eyes bored into his hazel ones. He was at a loss as he gazed upon her. "He must be lost in drink." Theoden tried to recover for his nephew, hoping she would forgive this slight. Bardings were relatively new to them, and they were unsure entirely of their mentalities, and of course when dealing with a princess, one must be very polite so as not to offend the royal line of which she is from, or damage relations between nations. Dark times were ahead, and there was no reason to strain what alliances they could form. Aravis smiled softly to the King. "It is quite alright. On a night as this, one deserves to get lost in ones flagon." She turned back to him. "It is well you came back from your campaign, and I congratulate you and your men on your victory." She tipped her head. "Have a good evening, Marshall Eomer." With that she left to mingle with others who had arrived. Some noble from Gondor had taken her attention, hoping, no doubt, to see if she was an available option for his son. "Eomer, have you left your tongue on the battlefield?" Theoden scolded quietly. "You could show the princess a little more respect than completely ignoring her." He chewed. "I apologize uncle." Eomer spoke. He knew he should have said something, anything. "I will correct this." He set his drink down, and got up from his seat. Theor, one of his closest companions, seemed to see what was flustering the young man, but chose to keep his knowing smile to himself. Eomer walked through the crowded hall towards the princess. It would seem she had dismissed her handmaidens to have fun that evening, as they were laughing and dancing with the men. Aravis was still trapped by the Gondorian, trying to keep an interested expression. "Pardon, may I speak with the princess momentarily?" Eomer cut in. The nobleman seemed put off, but thought it wise not to cause friction with a well armed man in his own halls. Especially not when that well armed man was the nephew of the king. "Very well, Princess Aravis, until we meet again." He held his goblet up in parting and left to find other conversation. "Milady, if I may speak with you away from these ears?" Eomer offered. "Certainly sir." She followed him through the main hall down a side hall. He took her to a large chamber and closed the door. She wondered in whose room she stood. Perhaps it was the kings, for it was large, but perhaps it was his own, as it seemed little lived in. "Follow me." Her opened a door on the other end of the room that led out to a large stone balcony. "I apologize if this is not appropriate behavior for a lady of your station, visiting a strange mans bedchambers for any reason." He apologized. "It is quite alright. This is not the first mans chamber I have been in." She smirked. "Not in an intimate way of course." She laughed at his expression. "I was helping to stitch a man who had been cut up good during a skirmish with a wandering band of orcs." She lowered her gaze. "I am very sorry." Eomer spoke, hoping she didn't think he thought her a whore. "I really wanted to speak to you, and apologize. I meant no offense by not responding to you earlier..." He flexed his fingers. "I was just quite, very taken by you." Aravis blushed. "As I was taken by you. I asked your uncle to introduce me to you. I had seen you watching me earlier this evening, and wondered if you would speak with me." She bit her lip, sitting down on a stone bench. "Then I am quite glad I came back to speak with you." He chuckled nervously. "Do you wish to tell me more about yourself?" He sat down on the bench beside her. They spent well into the night and early into the morning laughing and talking with one another. They had loosened up with the help of red wine through the night. She was not like the other court ladies he had met. She was more outgoing, laid back, real. The way she opened up to him, and the jokes she made, even those that he would have only repeated among his own men, was astounding to him. In the distance, the sky began to turn into a lighter gray. "Oh, my is it really that time already?" She giggled, not realizing that the new dawn was upon them. "Aye, it is." Eomer laughed. "I think you need to get some sleep my princess." He lowered his voice, looking into the eyes of this enrapturing woman. "I suppose I must." She stretched, standing, giving a slight stumble. "Oh, my brother would kill me to see my like this." She giggled. "It's not ladylike. You are a princess, not some bar maiden serving ale to ruffians! Are you a dwarf or a woman?" She put her fists on her hips, lowering her voice to mimic her brother. Eomer burst out into laughter, as he stood to lead her inside, making sure she didn't fall. Her hand fit into his perfectly as he shivered. "Are you cold?" She asked, her voice lowered. "No, I just enjoy your touch." He answered her honestly. He closed the heavy wooden door behind them, and locked it. "I had a great night, Princess." He held her hands, facing her. "Please, call me Aravis." She smiled up at him. He dominated his space, making her feel small and at his mercy. "This has possibly been the best night of my life." She blushed, looking down to their hands. By the time she looked back up, Eomer had his lips pressed to hers. He was unsure if this was going to be acceptable, but he was willing to take his chance. Aravis was taken off guard momentarily, but allowed his lips to remain upon hers. She moaned, feeling the heat of his kiss, as something awoke in her that she had suppressed for far too long. A tingle in her spine and loins reminded her that she was a woman who had never been touched, let alone kissed in such a manner. Eomer pulled away slowly, glancing at her to gauge her reaction. "Please, you don't 'ave to stop." She mumbled softly, her lips feeling cold. He leaned back down and took her lips again, this time with a more calculated fury. She wrapped her arms around his neck, as his arms were around her waist, allowing him to take her lips. Before long, his tongue grazed hers, his hands roaming her body as her fingers tugged at his blonde locks. "My princess, do you think this is appropriate?" Eomer finally pulled back, out of breath from their lip lock, slightly embarrassed. "Marshall Eomer, times are growing dark. I can not guarantee another day, and I have finally found someone I would so willingly give my body to. I am just, I hope that this is not too forward, but I would court you." She blushed, stepping back. It was definitely interesting to hear her say, as mostly it is men who bring up courtships. But here was this bold princess who would make the first move. "Oh, gosh, I apologize." Her blush grew darker, as a dreaded thought came over her. What if he had no intention of courtship? What if this was all the alcohol? Well, not that she was drunk, but a little liquid courage to loosen her up didn't hurt. Perhaps, she could get what she wanted in case Eomer wasn't interested in anything long term. But then, he was a man coming back from conflict and no doubt had needs and desires he wished to fulfill. Eomer closed the gap between them once more and kissed her neck softly, his facial hair ticking her skin, but it sent an electricity down her spine that made her moan. "So long as it is willing, my princess. But I fear I smell of horse." He whispered in her ear. "Aye, you do." She giggled. "But I suppose it matters not, lest you desire to bathe." She shrugged. He nodded, not wanting to bring the smell into his bed that night. "You may bathe with me, however." He purred, as he removed his armor and tunic. His muscles were well toned as he called for a maid to bring hot water for a bath. "Oh, be careful what you ask for." She chuckled, drawing the curtain around the bed before anybody saw her in his room at that hour. She could hear the water pouring into the basin. "My lord, you are up rather early for a bath. Or perhaps up late?" A harder womans voice mused. "I'm up early, thank you." He spoke curtly, not wanting to have to answer any questions about his doings at what hours. The woman took her leave from his chambers. After he locked the door, he pulled back the curtains to his bed. Aravis was sitting there, her hair let down, combing her fingers through it. She looked heavenly in her pose, like an angel in his bed. "Do you care to join me?" He smirked, unlacing his pants. "Sir, I am not the one who smells of horse." She smiled, giving him a