Full Summary: The Dark Lord missed his chance, and a different war has enveloped the wizard world. Legions of cosmic monstrosities from an unknown—and decidedly non-magical—source are wreaking havoc. The Lords Black stand at the vanguard of the magical resistance, with their only son, Sirius, who is proving to be a troublesome heir. He runs rampant with his teenage friends and shows little interest in fighting to regain a status quo he has never known. And then there's the matter of his bodyguard, a boy who bears him a striking resemblance and, despite his secluded upbringing, boasts an impressive knowledge of the enemy's alien weaponry. When Sirius gives his family the slip on a cold Christmas Eve, he gets more than he'd ever imagined in the form of an information-soaked dagger. Those Drawn Together (by destiny and their cursed blood) Full Title Quote: "Those drawn together by destiny and their cursed blood raise the curtain once again on madness, love, and hate." –Kaori Yuki, Godchild. Story Notes: Happy Holidays all, I know I really don't need to start another multi-chaptered story, but (as usual) I couldn't resist. So please enjoy the prologue to this (MAJORLY) re-vamped version of "A Distant, Secluded Past" which was a short story I wrote for a prompt challenge a year or two ago. The word "re-vamped" here means "completely overhauled." Prologue: The Gun Sirius Black was perched—rather precariously, if he did so admit—on the edge of the topmost windowsill on the back side of his parents' grand manor. The air was bitingly cold; the thick fog that had until recently only intermittently shrouded the cityscape had not lifted for nearly a week, and so in that week the sun had not been able to warm the earth. As such he also could not see the stars, which was a shame as his namesake, the Dog Star, Sirius , was supposed to be painfully bright this time of the year, or so the books in Mother and Father's study had told him. Sirius scoffed and swept his sleek, black hair away from his face, although it proceeded to fall back immediately. What would his parents think if they knew he was not only disobeying their will tonight, but had been doing so at least twice a week for the last eight years? They'd have his beautiful head, for sure. In truth, Sirius was waiting for a signal. Any minute now, his best friend and cohort, James Potter, would whistle up at him from the street, eliciting him to jump down to the damp lawn below and join him. Sirius wasn't about to go sailing out his window without Potter's signal, though; sneaking back into his home was a lot harder than sneaking out, and if he was going to be stood up, he'd rather not risk getting caught by any of his parent's servants. The manor, often called Grimmauld Place (a shortened version of the full address), was packed nearly wall-to-wall with servants, too, or so it always seemed to Sirius. Some of them were of higher status than others, perhaps bodyguards or contract assassins would be a better term for the fancier ones. Although there were still plenty to wash dishes and reshelve library books. Most ancient wizarding families had a house elf or two to do their bidding, but Sirius's parents were not only traditionalists, but the top of the magic totem pole, and so while there were a few of the unsightly little bastards running around the dark hallways, Grimmauld Place was well staffed with human slaves as well. Sirius didn't know of any other family with the status to get away with it. James had told him stories about an older woman his family used to own, but insisted they had set her free when he was very small out of basic humanity. Sirius scoffed to himself. If there was one thing his entire family lacked (maybe including himself) it was humanity. "Hurry up, Prongs," Sirius muttered in agitation. He thumped his head back against the windowframe a couple times, groaning. It was cold as hell out and he wanted to get going. He couldn't close the window because he'd be unable to hear James's signal if he did so. Sirius was especially excited for tonight's escapade. James had sneaked him word that their mutual friend, Remus Lupin, had spotted a crash point of some kind not too far out of Surrey. Sirius's fingers curled spastically around the handle of his magic wand; he was eager to get out and stretch his legs. If Remus was correct, and Remus usually was, then there would definitely be a ship out there. If they were extremely lucky, one or two of its original pilots might even be left behind. One of Sirius's prized talents was his proficiency at eavesdropping, and it was by these means he had done his research. According to the information he could piece together from various conversations overheard between his parents, Ministry Officials, Death Eaters, and random informants, the horde of monsters currently besieging the entire continent (and spreading farther by the year) were controlled on a very basic, almost instinctual level from a higher up source. A source of greater intelligence, most likely, for the slavering creatures that came crawling out from the oceans and volcanoes were bestial in nature, and incapable of sentient thought or reasoning. Aliens, Sirius had heard the term thrown around a lot lately, although he much preferred cosmic monstrosities. He wasn't even sure they had come from space; perhaps they were from a different dimension entirely! They had never been sighted, only their flying vessels had. They were compact things, hardly larger than Sirius's bedroom, give or take the fireplace, and tended to be cloaked to the point of invisibility. But every once in a blue moon, one of them would crash, or be otherwise abandoned. Usually they were hauled off immediately to the Ministry for cataloguing and research; never once had an occupant been found inside one of the infernal machines. Sirius took a deep breath of chilling air. Tonight would be different, he could just feel it! If the ship had truly crashed as Remus insisted, then its dead pilots were bound to be inside, and if they were still alive, then Sirius and James could kill them—get into a real fight! He only hoped nobody else had gotten to the sight first. From somewhere down the street there came a very guttural growl and Sirius snapped his eyes open wide. "James…" he murmured again. "James who?" a cold voice sounded from directly behind him. Sirius was so startled he very nearly fell off his perch. After regaining his balance, he slowly swiveled around and dropped back on to the drawing room floor. Standing in the doorway was Regulus, his decoy, and staring into his glinting grey eyes was like standing in front of a mirror. Sirius immediately eased. He had been expecting a servant, not Regulus. He had panicked in the instant where having one of his parents' cronies (perhaps the sour-faced old man who always glared at him for wearing his shoes indoors, or the frighteningly-tall young woman who lurked in the wine cellar, cataloguing spirits) had been a real possibility. Any one of them would have had him beaten and escorted back to bed, and then informed his parents in the morning. However this was only Regulus. Simply Regulus who could no sooner beat Sirius than fly to Venus. For one thing, despite his uncanny resemblance to the Black family heir, he was significantly smaller. Sirius had almost a head on him height-wise (Oh how hilarious were the high, high boots Regulus had to wear when he was in disguise as Sirius!) And for another thing, Regulus had always been easily cowed by Sirius, and the older boy could walk all over him. "James Potter," Sirius replied unashamedly. He approached Regulus with confidence. "He and I are going out tonight." Regulus's posture slackened. "Sirius-bocchan," he pleaded. "Please, no…it's dangerous out there, especially at night!" "When have I ever not been fine?" Sirius asked, adopting his cockiest voice, the one he knew Regulus hated. "You'll be torn apart by those monsters, Master," insisted Regulus, and he dared to take a step towards Sirius, looking up into his eyes fiercely. "They get bolder at night. And besides…James Potter?" "He's my best mate," Sirius explained. "I know that," Regulus hissed. "Look me in the eyes and tell me you're not doing something dangerous. Tell me you're not going to get torn up." "So what if I do?" Sirius laughed and grabbed Regulus by his shoulders and then spun him around. He leaned close to whisper in his ear, "A few scratches never hurt me !" "Well they'll hurt me," Regulus whispered. He shrank down and tried to wriggle out of Sirius's grasp. "I'm your body double, sir, it's my job to make sure you're never in danger. If you come down to breakfast tomorrow with a huge slash across your face that can't be magically healed, then your father will hold me down and slice me up, too, so I match. You know that." "Yeah," Sirius shrugged and finally let the squirming boy out of his grasp. "Speaking of which, what are you doing this high up? You're not usually allowed out of your room downstairs. What if somebody sees you?" he added and a strict and condescending voice while he shook his head lightly and put on a façade of disappointment. Truthfully he didn't much care if Regulus was spotted or not. He was certain some of the servants knew of him already, and if he was outed it really wasn't any skin off Sirius's back. His parents were just over-reacting. He'd never found himself in any real danger before, and had been convinced for years that Regulus was unnecessary. "That's because whenever there's a serious threat, I'm the one that gets to go in your stead, Master," Regulus hissed. Sirius blinked, not realizing he'd been saying some of his thoughts out lout again. "Trust me, I come home bloody and battered on a regular basis, you could at least have some gratitude and not go gallivanting off into the night to get yourself eaten by demons!" Sirius yawned. "Yes, yes, whatever. Go back to your room, Reggie," he insisted. His head cocked to the side as he heard James's three note whistle drift in from the open window. "That's my cue, gotta' run. See ya'," and he sent Regulus on his way with a strong push and a slap to his rear end. Regulus yelped indignantly, but Sirius had gone sailing out the window by the time he'd turned back around. Sirius hit the ground hard and rolled. It never seemed to matter how used to this he was, something always creaked when he got up. This time it was his shoulder. "Ouch," he complained, stretching and flexing his arm. "We need to think about installing a trampoline somewhere down here." "Or perhaps you should focus your efforts on de-warding a window a little closer to the ground, idiot," James Potter came striding up to him from the back alley he'd been lurking in. Sirius sent him a lopsided grin. His friend was covered in brush and looking a little disheveled. "What happened to you?" Sirius laughed as James pulled a small stick out of his collar. "They set after me on my way here, three of them!" he insisted. "Normally they don't come this close to the heart of the city!" "It's the night, man, they get braver when it's dark," Sirius quoted Regulus's words from earlier. He pulled a leaf out of James's hair. "I had to change to slip them," James told him. "Shit!" Sirius was taken aback. James was an unregistered animagus, as was Sirius for that matter, but a large, black dog was a significantly less suspicious sight than a three-pronged, wild deer. "Did anybody