Title: Truly Loyal Authors: ashiiblack and icicle33 Rating: M Warnings: Wartime AU, time jumping between events of the summer of 1996 and 1976-77, m/m sex, adult language Pairing: Lucius/James, mentions of James/Lily and Lucius/Narcissa Word Count: ~18K Summary: Lucius sits in his cell in Azkaban. A compromise could free him from his prison. His memories may consume him first. A/N: This story was written for the Luciusbigbang fest on livejournal. This is the final version and it is complete. Previously, I had posted an incomplete version broken up into chapters, but I decided to re-post it again all in one post since I couldn't remember where I stopped posting. A special thank you to our beta freakingcrups and cheerleader feurfunke, who were both extremely helpful in getting the ideas for this fic and encouraging us when we were feeling low. Enjoy! Part 1: Demons " The path to paradise begins in hell." ― Dante Alighieri ~8~8~ Candlelight flickers through the endless corridor; the air is thick with green smoke. Lucius sneaks a glance toward the sponsors. When he's certain that no one is watching, he discreetly pulls the bottom of his hood up and covers his mouth. Green smoke is not a natural occurrence; it's indicative of Dark magic, the darkest form of sorcery, involving the invocation of demons and the harboring of their powers. Lucius is not against this, not in the least. He does not fear the Dark or even the possible repercussions on his soul. Power is power—what he does fear, however, is the damaging of his precious lungs. The green smoke burns his throat, and he will not destroy his precious Malfoy cilia for anyone, not even the Dark Lord. Even his father cannot expect this of him. Two heads in front of him, Goyle appears to be hacking up a lung. He refuses to suffer the same fate. Isn't he already giving up enough? The green smoke appears to be thickening, and Lucius tucks his nose into the collar of his robe as well. He's certain that he looks ridiculous, but he cannot bring himself to care. Careful not to trip on the untucked tails of McNair's robe in front of him, he continues walking, slowly, somberly, toward the dark. His goal. His destiny. Three. There are only three hooded figures left in front of him out of what seemed like an endless queue just moments earlier. He is starting to panic. His breath catches and pulse races; cold sweat drips down his neck and he can feel his chest tightening again. The hood is no longer a barrier from the smoke; his lungs are burning from the green fumes almost as if it were a toxin, a silent killer poisoning his soul. He's having second thoughts again, regretting his last minute decision to become one of them. Lucius has never been a team player. He does not play nicely with others. But the Dark Lord does not offer second chances. It's too late; he cannot back down from this and expect to leave the Dark Lord's service with his life. Or can he? The Dark Lord has his hands full at the moment. Harboring demon energy and splitting souls is tricky business. Lucius is fast; he knows he is, and that twat of a sponsor of his, McNair, would never be able to catch him. Perhaps if he slips out right now, he can make a run for it, escape with minimal damage, and then go on the run somewhere. He breaks the steady pace of the procession and momentarily contemplates running. He turns on his ankle and tries to find the guts to run, but then he locks eyes with Severus, several spots behind him. Severus gives him a sharp nod of the head and a shy smile. Severus. Right. He returns the smile and takes his place back in line. That's why he's doing this. Severus. His father. For a moment, he almost forgot. If Severus Snape can do this, take the Mark and not run away like a sniveling coward, then Lucius can do this too. Perhaps it can help him forget. An agonizing scream pierces his ears and snaps him out of his thoughts. "Please…please…My Lord….My Lord," a broken voice in the distance cries. "No more. No more." Lucius gulps; his throat runs dry and any composure he had regained is lost. The pain from the Mark appears to be worse than he imagined. Much worse. He knew that receiving the Mark would be less than pleasant, arduous even, but he never imagined that it would break the soul of a man. Rodolphus Lestrange. Those cries belong to Lestrange. He's one of the surliest blokes that Lucius has ever met. The man never has any expression on his face, no matter the circumstance. He didn't even bat an eyelash when he found out his sister was dead, murdered in her own home. Not even a grimace when he got knocked off his broom during a Quidditch match and broke both arms. Yet, somehow the Dark Lord has managed to dismantle his strong spirit, his pride. The blubbering whale of a man that leaves the hidden room and is escorted down the hallway, leaning on two sponsors, does not resemble the stone-faced wizard he has known all his life. Bleeding Hell. Whatever happens in that room, the Dark Lord's initiation is more debilitating than breaking both arms. Lucius starts feeling faint. His vision is blurry, purple spots dancing in front of his eyes; he is not cut out for this. Malfoys do not do well with pain. They usually pay someone to deal with this for them. That's what money is for. And servants. He needs to leave. Immediately. Before… "Next." Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. It's too late. He's being summoned. "Will the next pledge make his way forward?" " I don't have all day, McNair, bring your pledge to me now. If we get any further off schedule, you will personally deal with the consequences." A sinister voice fills Lucius' ears. He knows that voice, has dreamed of that voice every night since he agreed to this madness. It's so sharp and murderous that it gives him goose pimples. Stay Focused. Finally, he reaches the end of the corridor. The smoke is so dense now that he cannot see his feet. All he sees is green, swallowing him from every angle. He cannot pass out, cannot let the Dark Lord exploit his weakness. It's too late to run. He's lost his chance. Hesitated. He takes a deep breath and steps forward, holding his chin as high as possible and pretends that the caustic fumes are not choking him. He is a Malfoy and a pureblood. He can get through this. Whatever pain the Dark Lord has for him, cannot be worse than the irrefutable pain he already feels in his chest, his heart. He has to do this. Fuck McNair. And Lestrange. He'll show them. At the very end of the hallway, a metal door opens and without a second thought, without waiting for instruction from his sponsor, Lucius steps inside. "Ahh, Young Master Malfoy," that same cold voice drawls, making the hair on the back of his neck stand on end. "I've been expecting you. Are you ready to begin?" Lucius nods humbly and bends down on one knee, leaning over to kiss the hem of the Dark Lord's flowing robes. "Indeed, My Lord. I will..." Lucius keeps his eyes glued to the floor, his bottom lip trembles and his voice starts to waver. He cannot let the Dark Lord see his weakness. He clears his throat. "I will always be ready to serve, My Lord." ~8~8~ Pain. Blinding pain. Lucius' skin is on fire; his entire body twitches in spasm, but he cannot move. It's as if his nerves are shot, removed from his body. All he can do is lie there catatonic, like he's been hit with the world's strongest Full Body Bind. His left arm throbs, angry red marks enveloping that hideous Mark. His Mark. Blisters scorch his arm, burning under his skin as if there were fiery ants crawling beneath it. Make it stop. Make it stop. It's just a dream . The Dark Lord is not branding him—that happened nearly twenty years ago. It has to be a dream. He tries to shake his legs. Arms. Nothing happens. He knows they're there; his appendages pulse and ache like phantom limbs, but he can do nothing. His lungs compress as if a heavy boulder is crushing him. The green fog advances toward him; its tendrils threaten to asphyxiate him, to corrode his lungs. Relax. Relax. It's not real. It'll be over soon. He does his best to remain calm until feeling returns in his limbs. It's over. He lets out a heavy sigh. Breathe. Eventually, he opens his eyes and stretches, making sure to rub his aching back. What a horrid dream! He wipes the sweat off his forehead, tucking any stray hairs behind his ear, and then sits up, glaring at his appalling surroundings. Iron gray walls and bars. A miserable rusted cot. Damp. A sink and toilet. More gray. A smuggled-in mirror. A small wooden chest to store his belongings (gray again)—a picture of Narcissa and Draco, a change of tattered gray robes, an old hairbrush (gray bristles) and an extra blanket. No windows. No candles. No contact with the outside world. Sometimes, the gray feels like it's suffocating him, like he wants to yank his hair out. Even when he looks in the remains of that broken mirror all he sees is gray. Gray eyes. Gray skin. Gray hair. It's maddening. A small skylight provides the only source of light and warmth; it's linked to a glass screen, a type of magic that Lucius has never seen before that shows him continuous moving images. Mostly it focuses on the graveyard, which lies right outside the prison walls, reminding the prisoners that for most of them the only way out is death. The images flicker back and forth over the various headstones, gray, what else, and covered in poisonous moss and devil's ivy. Even in death, the cascading vines strangle the remains of the prisoners. There is no peace in Azkaban. Fields of lush grass surround the graves, neat rows of trees and flowerbeds. But Lucius isn't daft. He doesn't spend his days daydreaming about burrowing through the walls and disappearing into the flora. Everything in that garden is poisonous. Deadly Nightshade. Oleanders. Spindle trees. Yellow Jasmine. Fire Lilies. Vomitwort. Calla Lilies. If somehow a prisoner manages to escape, they will be dead within hours. Not that there is anywhere to go. Azkaban is surrounded by water on all sides, locked away on a secluded island, far away from all forms of civil society. He has no idea how that idiotic Gryffindor, Black, managed to escape. It must have been luck. Lucius does not spend too long staring at the skylight. He knows that it's not a kindness that the Ministry offers; instead, it's another tool for causing madness, like the dementors. He sighs again and turns away from the skylight. He wraps the damp blanket around his shoulders and readies himself for breakfast, a gray bowl of gruel and cold tea. These are the luxuries of his life now—so far removed from his life at Malfoy Manor, the life he was bred to lead. He doesn't know how much longer he can take this. His solicitor assured him that he wouldn't spend more than a weekend in prison. It's been almost a fortnight. Things are not looking good. Even with all the Malfoy influence and gold, he may never see his family again. For the first time in years, Lucius is terrified. ~8~8~ "Lucius, how good of you to join us." Lucius walks into the interrogation room, holding his head high and trying to pretend that he isn't dressed in a horrid gray