Title: Fridays at the Purple Unicorn (1/2) Author: icicle33 Rating: T for this chapter but eventually M Pairing(s): Pansy/Hermione, past Pansy/Ginny, Pansy/Lavender, Hermione/Ron Summary: Hermione and Ginny have a girl's night out at the Purple Unicorn. Hermione is surprised when she runs into a much changed Pansy Parkinson. " That girl can do more with one finger than most men can do with their dicks." Warnings: Post-War, infidelity, mentions of unfulfilling het sex, explicit sex and use of sex toys, some slight Ron bashing that wasn't intentional because I love Ron as a character but was necessary for the story. I just don't think he makes a good match with Hermione. Word Count: ~10K Author's Notes: This story was written for the lovely thusspakekate for the hp femmefest exchange on lj several years ago. I just never got around to posting it here. It is complete and will be posted in two parts. Originally, this fic was supposed to be a short PWP between Hermione and Pansy, but it morphed into a Hermione character study that pushes her to explore her sexuality instead. I hope you enjoy it. "No woman gets an orgasm from shining the kitchen floor." —Betty Friedan x o x o Hermione stood at the entrance of the Purple Unicorn, a new bar that Ginny had raved about for the past month. She clutched her silver purse to her chest and frowned, shifting her balance to her left foot in an attempt to relieve the pressure her 4-inch heels were already causing her toes. The queue moved at the pace of a lazy Flobberworm—and being ogled by sweaty men at some sleazy bar was not her idea of a pleasurable evening. Ginny had pushed her into coming tonight, promising a fun time, but Ginny didn't understand that Hermione preferred to spend her Friday nights at home, where her feet weren't mutilated by strappy shoes from hell (no matter how cute they were) and she didn't have to wait half an hour for one bloody drink at the bar. Or wait in an endless queue. She played with the thin strap of her red dress — technically, Ginny's red dress — rubbing it absently between her fingertips and then surveyed the building and people around her. She couldn't believe that people waited in queue for this . At least from the outside, the Purple Unicorn didn't seem like anything special. The grey stone exterior was cracked and unkempt; the pavement in front of the building was filthy — covered in broken glass and crushed cigarette butts — even the windows were an eyesore, blacked-out with purple velvet curtains. Who would ever think that purple velvet was an acceptable decor? The only attractive detail was the welcome sign, Purple Unicorn written in flashing rainbow cursive above the door. When Hermione lost interest in the lettering, she turned to Ginny, who was hovering beside her. "If we're not inside in the next five minutes...I'm leaving." "Stop sulking, Hermione. You promised to come out tonight and at least try to relax and have a good time." She prodded Hermione in the back with her purse and snorted. "I know that it's a difficult concept for you...but think about my stupid brothers and all the trouble they're getting into tonight. You shouldn't sit home waiting for Ron." Hermione tightened the grip on her purse and huffed, raising her chin and turning away from Ginny. "That's a rather crude thing to say, Ginevra. I'm perfectly capable of a having a good time. And Ron's on a business trip." She narrowed her eyes, exasperated. "You know that. He's not out having if he is out socialising tonight, it's only for business. He has a lot on his plate with George—" "If you really believe that...then you're not the brilliant witch that everyone—" Ginny didn't finish her thought because one of the scantily clad girls behind them slammed into her shoulder, almost knocking her over. "Hey, watch it!" Ginny's voice was menacing and her fingers were already clutched around her wand. Even in a skimpy black dress and boots Ginny was a force to be reckoned with. The scantily clad blonde girl turned around and sneered. "Why don't you watch—" When she made eye contact with Ginny, she let out a high-pitched squeal, her expression changing to delight and admiration. "Oh my god, you're Ginny Weasley! You play for the Harpies." Ginny crossed her arms in front of her chest, a smug look on her face. "That's right. And I don't appreciate—" The blonde girl squealed again. "I'm incredibly sorry. I didn't mean to almost trample you." Her pale cheeks darkened. "This is so embarrassing. I was only trying to get to my friend. I know the bouncer and he just came outside." Both Ginny and Hermione snapped their heads towards the door. A burly sour-faced bloke, dressed in black from head to toe except for his grey combat boots, leant against the glass door, holding it open. "So you're a big Quidditch fan?" Ginny asked. The blonde girl nodded vigorously. "Absolutely! Who doesn't like Quidditch? And the Harpies they're—" Ginny smiled and swatted the blonde girl's arm. "Isn't that nice? How about you get me and my friend inside and I'll hook you up with an autograph?" "Anything for Ginny Weasley from the Harpies!" x o x o Hermione and Ginny sat at the bar, nursing their third round of drinks. The bar stools swivelled and Hermione had to admit that it might have been worth it to come out tonight just for these chairs, even if she were afraid that people could see up her dress. She didn't know if it was the alcohol getting to her or if she was actually having a good time, but the Purple Unicorn's unique charm appeared to grow on her. Or at least its strong cocktails did. Whirling around on her chair — for what was probably the hundredth time in the last hour — she laughed and elbowed Ginny in her side. "I can't believe you brought me to a gay bar. Of all places." Ginny took another sip of her Purple Pixie cocktail. She'd already tried the Green Ghoul and Frisky Fiend. So far, she liked the Purple Pixie best. "I like gay bars," she said, shrugging. "It's the perfect bar. Where else can you ogle gorgeous blokes and not worry about them chatting you up?" Hermione nodded. "You have a point. And the women are quite beautiful too." She turned her gaze to the crowded dance floor and smiled, studying all the bouncing figures. "They seem so free, positively chuffed, without having to worry about sleazy bastards groping your arse as you walk by like the last time I went..." "If you only knew—" Ginny muttered into her drink and was perhaps even ordering another round, but Hermione missed whatever else she said. Her attention was drawn elsewhere. Twirling in the centre of the dance floor were the last two people she ever imagined seeing: Pansy Parkinson and Draco Malfoy. She hadn't seen the pair in years, not since Malfoy's trial, which was seven years prior. The only knowledge she had about their whereabouts was through overheard office gossip. Supposedly, Malfoy dropped his bachelor lifestyle of partying through Europe and had recently become engaged to Astoria Greengrass. And Parkinson —Hermione couldn't recall hearing anything about Parkinson — but if the size of the rock on her finger were any indication, she was married to some wealthy, pureblood wizard. Some wealthy, pureblood wizard who was not Draco Malfoy and she assumed he'd be quite livid to see his wife draped over another man. Oh, well. It wasn't her problem that Parkinson and Malfoy were a couple of slags. They deserved each other, but even so, she couldn't look away from their dancing, as if mesmerized by their lithe forms. Watching Malfoy grind against Parkinson, Hermione wondered if the rumours were true. Apparently, the former childhood sweethearts were once again enamoured with each other. How disgusting. She knew that both Greengrass sisters had been part of Parkinson's clique at school, and here Parkinson was betraying one of her oldest friends. Some people had no qualms about the sanctity of marriage. "Can you believe them?" "What are you talking about?" Hermione scrunched her nose and motioned to the dance floor, nudging her hand towards the dancing Slytherins. "Isn't it obvious?" "Oh, them . They come here all the time." Ginny tilted her head to the side, trying to get a better view. "Some nerve they have. It's one thing to have an affair, but quite another to rub it in—" Ginny gave her a blank look. "Affair?" "Yes, Parkinson and Malfoy. I don't know the details, but Parkinson is clearly married. Just look at the rock!" Hermione narrowed her eyes and hoped she sounded appalled rather than envious. In truth, she was a bit of both. She'd been married for seven years and was still waiting for her engagement ring from Ron. "And I know for a fact she's not Mrs Malfoy." Ginny furrowed her brow. "Malfoy is bent. Queerer than Finch-Fletchley's scarring Celestina Warbeck impersonations. They are certainly not having an affair with each other ." Ginny rolled her eyes and chuckled as if the idea of Malfoy and Parkinson having an affair was the most preposterous thing she'd ever heard. "Actually, Pansy prefers women. Kind of funny how that worked out." " What ?" "Don't tell me you didn't know?" "I didn't—" "Pansy, I can understand. It's a well-kept secret. For the most part . I think she likes blokes too...but prefers the challenge that women give her. The chance to be the hunter instead of the prey." Ginny shook her head, her wild curls whipping around her face. "But...Malfoy... straight ? Look at those trousers. What straight bloke would be caught dead in those trousers?" Hermione turned her attention to Malfoy's trousers. So far, she'd been too focused on Parkinson and how absurdly long her legs looked in those turquoise sequin hot pants to notice anything else. But Merlin's Beard silver trousers! Malfoy sported silver trousers that were so tight they left nothing to the imagination and the sleeves of his black shirt were sheer. Ginny was right. No straight bloke would ever wear those trousers. If she had doubts before, they disappeared. It turned out that Parkinson was a cow with incredibly great legs and shiny hair. But not a cheater. Even Slytherins are faithful to their spouses , a traitorous voice in the back of her mind taunted. It's only you who can't make your marriage work. Can't keep your husband interested . No, that's just the alcohol talking. Hermione shook the negative thoughts from her mind. Tonight was about having fun, letting loose, not worrying about Ron and their failing marriage. She forced a smile on her face and looked away from the dance floor. "I suppose you're right. I hope Astoria knows." "It's not that uncommon in pureblood circles," Ginny explained. "I'm sure she does. Just like Armand knows." "Who's Armand?" "My husband, Armand Mathieu," a silky voice said from behind them. Hermione spun around in her chair and came face to face with Parkinson. Her dark eyes were unnerving, boring into Hermione and sizing her up. "Pansy, hi!" Ginny greeted Parkinson with a friendly smile. "What are you doing here?" Parkinson shrugged. "I heard my name. I have this knack to know when people are talking about me." Ginny laughed and Hermione continued to feel uncomfortable. Parkinson's lips were quirked into a half-smirk, but her voice held no malice. It was strange seeing that expression on her face, especially since her eyes kept wandering towards Hermione's chest. "Hermione was just admiring your ring. Nothing bad." Pansy laughed. "I doubt that but thank you." She lifted her left hand and showed off her ring. The diamond looked enormous on her petite hand, almost as if it were weighing her