I know my sisters scared, so am I. We hold hands as we wait for the reaping to begin. Its the twenty-fifth anniversary since the Hunger Games began, its a Quarter Quell. After the victory tour, President Wimbally announced the terrifying news of what would make this years Hunger Games unforgettable. There will be two girls reaped this year, along with one boy. Three innocent kids taken to their death. Thirty-six go in...only one comes out. "Welcome, Ladies and Gentleman" Gianica Mortisha, District 12's escort, begins as she looks over us. "To the reaping of the twenty-fifth Hunger Games! Lets us go on to the reaping, and this year its males first. Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favour!" Gianica goes over to a clear square box to her left, filled with small pieces of paper. Every male, between the age of twelve and eighteen, have their names in that box at least once. Gianica puts her small, blue-dyed hand into the box. She digs through the pile, going to the very bottom I presume. She pulls her hand out, holding a piece of paper. She waddles in her large yellow heels to the microphone, smiling as she unfolds the slip of paper. "Raven Abernathy!" she calls out, smiling as if this is a brilliant thing. I watch as Raven, who is standing a few rows in front of me, makes his way to the stage. His dark hair, black as the bird that shares his name, glistens in the sunlight. He wears a smart blue dress shirt, tucked into white dinner trousers and then his flat shoes. The clothes barely fit him, I can see his muscles even as he steps up onto the stage. Gianica greets him, making him stand near the microphone. She leaves him and walks over to the box on the right, filled with paper with the female names on. Its the same for the girls, if their aged between twelve and eighteen their name is in there somewhere. Gianica puts both hands in, swirling them round before pulling out two pieces of paper. She walks back to the microphone, opening the slips of paper once there. She looks at them for a second before leaning in and voicing the names. "Day Jones and Winchester Johansen!" she calls, smiling again with 'happiness'. I look down at my sister, smiling sadly. I lean towards her, kissing her forehead before making my way through the crowd. Of course I, Winchester Johansen, would be chosen. I'm eighteen, they want to get me while they can. I'm sent looks of pity, pity that I really don't want. I glad its me going in, I'm glad Day's going in. It means Jokcanna, my thirteen year old sister, won't be going in. I'm bigger, stronger than her; I have a better chance. She'd be dead in two seconds. Raven's face is full of horror as he watches Day walk up the stairs, ready to take her place besides Gianica. Even though I can't see her face, I know Day must be crying. Day and Raven have been going out, you know dating, for the past six months... now they have to fight each other to the death. Its happened before, a few years ago; I remember because I was fifteen at the time. A couple from District eight got sent into the Arena... they were heart broken during the interviews; saying they wouldn't be able to harm each other when the games began. Lies. Within the first hour the male was dead, the girl having tricked him and then killed him. Three days later she died, it was slow and gruesome! She was attacked by a swarm of genetically changed birds who began to peck at her; following her. They ate her alive. When they look her eyes, she was still breathing. Three hours after her stomach was ripped open, four since her eyes were eaten, the canon sounded to mark her death. She was the fifth to die, her 'partner' being the second. I climb the steps and take my place besides Day, who I hear sniffling through her tears. Don't feel bad Winnie, don't feel bad! I tell myself over and over again that this is the way it has to be. I would rather it be Day, my once childhood friend, up here instead of Jokcanna. I already had a plan for if we were picked together, Jokcanna and me. I would keep us alive, fight of the pursuers and hunt food for us. I would keep her alive until it was just the two of us left... then I would kill myself. I would stay alive just long enough to make sure my sister won, I would die to keep her alive. "How about a round of applause for our tributes?!" Gianica says, clapping her hands wildly. No one joins her, not a clap at all. The people of District twelve just look at us, probably the last time they'll see us in person. The silence is a greater respect than that of a clap, its shows that they know this is wrong. They disagree with the terms and conditions implied in these Games. There's no fun! Of fear, horror, death. "Okay then." Gianica ushers us into the building behind the stage, pushing us lightly through the door. I walk behind Raven and Day, noticing Day won't even glance at her boyfriend. Maybe I should kill one of them as soon as the games begin, it would help them... make it easier. Raven reaches out for her, trying to take her hand but she pulls away; still not looking at him. He lowers his head in defeat, knowing there's nothing to be done. Well, at least he tried with her. None of them had so much as looked at me! Manners! Gianica guides us to our own rooms. I'm the first to be left alone, surrounded by half-worn furniture and books that are only just hanging onto themselves. I have an hour to say goodbye, to tell my family I love them before I go to my death. I think this is somewhat cruel, giving us only an hour with our loved ones. I sit in a worn-out green chair, waiting for my small family to arrive. My sister enters first, pushing the door open and running to me. She jumps onto my lap, wrapping herself around me. I hold her tight, kissing every inch of her soft face. I then bury my face in her hair, taking in her smell of soap; something I'm determined to remember. She pulls back, looking at me with tears in her eyes. "Thank you for keeping your promise" I tell her, tucking a lock of dark hair behind her ear. "I love you Winnie" she cries, tears leaking from her chocolate eyes. "I love you more" I say, kissing her forehead. "What promise?" my mother asks, pulling Jokcanna away from me. "She made me promise to not volunteer under any circumstances" Jokcanna answers, tucking herself back onto my lap. "I didn't want her in the Games, even if it meant me going in myself" I inform my mom. "Your so brave Winchester" My father tells me, kissing the top of my head. "Take the fall for your sister if you had to... I can't tell you what that means... I wish it could be me in your place though, your so young!" "Young for what?! Winnie isn't going to die Papa, she's strong. She's skilled with knifes too" Jo tells our father. "She'll come back to us, I know it!" "Times up" the tough voice of a Peacekeeper says, holding the door open for my family to leave. "I love you" I tell them, hugging them all for what could be the last time. With them gone, I walk over to the shelves holding the books. Dust covers the wooden beams that are not hidden by old books; which are also covered in their own dust. The writing on the spine on the books are faded, showing the age of them. When I pull a book out and tease it open, the pages are a light worn brown. I put the book back carefully, not wanting to damage it. Gianica opens the door to the library, walking in on huge heels. She looks ridiculous. Her green hair is piled on top of her head in a high, messy piece of work. Her are pale blue, seemingly white against her darker blue skin. She wears a bright purple blazer, a frilled yellow shirt and a purple skirt; finished with those stupid yellow heels. She waddles somewhat graciously over to me, telling me its time to go. She leads me out of the library and into the corridor where Day and Raven are waiting. Day's light ginger hair is slightly out of place from where she had been twiddling it; obviously sad and scared. Raven looked no different, his jaw set in a hard line. "Lets go!" Gianica grins, guiding up to the door. As we get into the sleek, black car, lights flash in our faces as people from the capital took photos. Day tries desperately to cover her face, causing the photographers to try and get closer. Raven and I keep our heads high, knowing that there was no stopping the assault. I lightly nudge Day in the back, encouraging her to keep moving and get into the car. The inside is surprising. The seats are black leather, plush and soft. They shine in the light coming through the crystal windows, showing how clean everything is. I sit down after squeezing in besides Gianica and Day, somehow relaxing into the comfort even as my mind soars to unbelievable heights. The floor of the car is carpeted, the colour of cream. Its clean and looks new, soft even. So soft, that I thought I could sit on the floor and be comfortable. "Oh isn't this exciting?!" Gianica gushes, clapping her hands lightly as she still smiles at us; the three children who she is probably taking to their death. "You three are in for a real treat! If you think the car is nice, you'll be amazed by the train; and the Capital itself. Its not grey and lifeless like your District, no, the Capital is full of colours. There are colours you have probably never seen before, I'm sure of it. And the clothes! You get such amazing clothes as well, work of a genius!" How is she so happy? She just picked our names out, she picked us to enter a world of fear and pain. We'll be lucky to last a day in that arena. I think Raven and I'll be able to last a fair amount of time but I know none of us will make it home. Day's to innocent, like a small child. I know she couldn't kill anyone, she refused to kill a spider in class a few weeks ago. She said it was wrong, 'Never creature deserves to live, I can't take another life; even if its only an animal'. Raven's strong and clever, he'd know how to survive if another tribute is after him. I'm not sure what weapons he could use, he's never had a need. With his strength, he could throw a spear a long distance but that's only useful if he can aim. Me? I am good with knifes. I used to practice in the fields by the seam on a Sunday afternoon. I went to the only apple tree and threw my knifes; always making them hit their target. After that, I would climb up and retrieve the apples with the knifes in. I took them home and we ate them, making them last the long week. The car pulls to a stop by the small station. Raven gets out first, followed by me, Gianica and finally Day. With the door of the