written for: the houses competition house: slytherin category: themed — discovery (self) prompts: An Underestimated Individual [Prompt/Character/Person] word count: 5000 (it took a while to cut it down and i'm so happy omg) warnings : n/a notes : it's 6:21 am and I can finally sleep ah disclaimer : disclaimed. Roxanne Weasley has a lot of cousins. There's only one her age, though. There's only one Lucy Weasley, and Roxanne wouldn't trade her for anything in the world. Lucy Weasley is her best friend, and she is strong and independent, brave and fierce, scared of absolutely nobody and never backs down when it comes to doing the right thing. Roxanne, on the other hand, is quiet. It isn't because she's timid—though you'd be forgiven for thinking she was—but because she doesn't see the point in getting involved. She likes art, the mechanics of muggle machinery, and being left alone, for the most part. x She's in Fifth Year when she realises, with complete certainty, that she wants to live in the Muggle world when she graduates. It's not a new thought, not really; it's always been there, bouncing away in the back of her mind, but this is the first time she can remember ever explicitly thinking about it. It makes sense, though. Of all her friends and relatives, she's the least dependent on magic, and probably the least interested in it. She likes machinery—cars, specifically—and art, and whilst magic can be involved in those, she prefers it the Muggle way. She doesn't think she could ever leave the Wizarding world behind completely, because everyone she loves is part of it, but she has a feeling that other than the people, she could leave it all behind and still be happy. She's not sure any of her other relatives could. "That doesn't look like your essay," Lorcan Scamander says from over her shoulder, but he's grinning when she glances up at him, startled. She flicks her eyes back to her notebook—something which the kids who grew up entirely in the Wizarding World keep gaping at—which is open to a page full of sketches of people around her in the common room, proving Lorcan right. "People-watching," she says with a shrug, before frowning at him. "What are you doing here?" She's in the Gryffindor common room, after all. Lorcan, as would be extremely obvious from his tie to anyone who happened to glance over, is a Hufflepuff. "Looking for Lysander," he says easily, vaulting over the back of her couch to sit at the other end, where her feet are. She obligingly tucks them in underneath herself, shifting slightly to sit up better. "He's on patrol," Roxanne informs him. Lucy and Lysander are the Gryffindor prefects for their year, which was both expected and hilarious. Expected because Lucy is a determined believer in justice and Lysander is constantly keeping Lorcan from expulsion; hilarious because Lucy would absolutely break a rule if it meant doing the right thing, and because Lysander is constantly grumpy about all the unreasonable people in his life, and hasn't stopped sighing exasperatedly since they were twelve. He's actually the wild one of the Scamander twins; he just suppresses it to keep track of Lorcan, who isn't wild, exactly—he's just very passionate about magical creatures and their rights, and also lacks common sense. It's not a great combination for avoiding trouble, so Lysander's spent most of the last five years trying to keep Lorcan from either being expelled or eaten. As a member of a large family which includes several people who seem to think they're invincible, Roxanne has a lot of sympathy for Lysander. "He's always on patrol," Lorcan says, disgruntled. "He's normally with you," Roxanne corrects, rolling her eyes fondly at him. "Speaking of, what are you looking for him for?" She narrows her eyes. Normally, Lysander being with Lorcan would be the best-case-scenario for everybody in the castle, but they have an essay due tomorrow which Lysander really needs to finish and can't really afford to be distracted from. Lorcan looks shifty. "Plausible deniability," is all he says, at which Roxanne throws her hands up. "Okay, well, can 'plausible deniability' wait until tomorrow?" she asks. "Because if Lysander hands in another essay late, he's going to be forced to get a tutor, which, frankly, he neither needs nor has time for." Lorcan looks vaguely abashed, but he nods. "I guess ," he says dramatically, splaying himself out in a mockery of devastation, before grinning at her. "I'll be back tomorrow," he says, jumping up. "Tell Ly for me, yeah?" He's on his way out when he suddenly turns back to her, evidently having remembered something. "Oh, Rox, by the way? Those drawings? Really good," he says, giving her a thumbs up, before turning back to the portrait door and exiting the common room. It even sounds like he's whistling . Roxanne shakes her head as he leaves, but there's a smile on her face too. x "Luce, have you seen my bra?" Biddy Finnigan calls out from their dorm's bathroom. Lucy frowns at Roxanne, who shrugs. "Which bra?" Lucy calls back. "You've got to be more specific." Biddy's head pops out from the door frame. " Any , as long as it's cute," she specifies. "Especially the one with the blue flowers, if you can find it." "Are you dressing up for someone?" Minnie O'Malley asks, half-hopeful and half-surprised. Minnie's the romantic in their dorm, something which they all tease her for fiercely Roxanne has five dormmates, excluding herself. The best thing about Hogwarts, in Roxanne's opinion, was ending up living with five other girls, one of whom is her cousin and all of whom she now counts as her best friends. There's Biddy Finnigan, an aspiring actress who puts on skits in the common room and is absolutely shameless; Minnie O'Malley, a muggleborn romantic who sees the best in everything and fell in love with Quidditch the first time she watched it; Diana Chiswyck, who's been getting invites for the whole dorm to Seventh Year parties since she was fourteen because she's so tall and pretty, and who has the biggest crush on Lucy's sister Molly; Laurie Thomas, who's Gryffindor Keeper but loves football and ice hockey more than anything; and, of course, Lucy. "Hot date?" Diana chimes in, winking at Minnie, who dissolves into giggles. Laurie, meanwhile, has found Biddy's flower bra and throws it into the bathroom. Moments later, Biddy comes out, wearing only her cute bra and some cargo trousers that Roxanne strongly suspects she may have borrowed from Rose, who stole them from James. "No," she says with dignity, "of course not." Biddy wrinkles her nose. "Dressing up for some guy would be way less important," she says frankly. "The most important person to impress is me ." Diana grins at Roxanne, who shakes her head with amusement. "I hope you tell Grant Rogers that next time he compliments you on your outfit," Roxanne says. Biddy pauses, then grins widely. "I absolutely will," she promises, looking both pleased and vaguely amused at the prospect. Minnie, who's been sitting on the floor, comes to sit next to Roxanne on her bed, peering curiously at Roxanne's notebook. "What'cha drawing, Roxie?" she asks. "It's a car engine," Roxanne explains. "A diagram, anyway—I saw it in one of Dominique's old NEWT Muggle Studies textbooks over the summer." Minnie looks surprised. "You drew that from memory?" she asks, eyes widening. "Wow." Roxanne's cheeks heat up a little. "It's interesting," she mumbles. Minnie catches her hand. "I didn't mean it wasn't worth knowing," she says softly. "I'm just impressed, is all. I've seen my dad fix his engine loads of times and I wouldn't have the clue how to draw it, let alone remember it from a picture in the summer." "D'you think your dad would show me how it works?" Roxanne blurts out before she can help herself. It's just—she's tinkered with some machinery around the Burrow, and she's always enjoyed it and been able to teach herself some things, but she's never really had anyone to learn from. "Yeah, of course!" Minnie says. "You can come visit during Easter, if you want!" Minnie bites her lip suddenly. "Y'might have to stay at mine the whole time, or get Rose's Mum to bring you—someone who knows Muggle transport and stuff. We don't have a Floo or anything like that." Roxanne grins. "I'll figure it out," she assures her, before quickly hugging her friend. "That sounds perfect!" "Oi!" Biddy calls out from the centre of the room, where she's now wearing dark purple combat boots that are about an inch thick and holding up two shirts against her chest. "C'mon, buzzy bees, we need focus and opinions here!" She's grinning, though, and so is Roxanne when she rolls her eyes at her. x "Do you have any career considerations in mind?" Professor Longbottom asks at her career tracking interview. He's not unkind—he never is, except maybe with bullies, but that's probably more accurately described as disappointed sharpness—but she squirms uncomfortably anyway. Roxanne isn't Lucy, all right? She's not timid, but her brand of quiet stability has never really lent itself towards shaking up people and taking them by surprise, which is exactly what sharing her life plans would achieve. "I don't… really have any," she says awkwardly. She means that she doesn't really have any plans that require specific NEWTs, but she doesn't know how to say that, and his eyebrows are shooting up before she can bring herself to elaborate. She bites her lip instead. "I do think fifteen is too young to be expecting people to try make decisions to shape the rest of their life," Professor Longbottom says quietly, which she supposes is meant to be comforting but isn't, really. Her problem isn't that she doesn't know what to do with the rest of her life—her problem is that she doesn't know if anyone will support her. Which might not be giving her family enough credit, and she knows that's a possibility, and it's one she feels guilt about, but… Roxanne remembers her Uncle Ron mentioning once that one of Grandma's cousins was an accountant or something, and how they never spoke about him, and Roxanne can't help the clenching in the pit of her stomach. She doesn't doubt that they love her, but part of her doesn't trust that they'll support her. It's fine. Actually, it's not, but it doesn't mean it'll stop her from doing it. It just might stop her from telling anyone beforehand. "Are you sure you don't have anything in mind? Even if you just want to ask me any questions?" Professor Longbottom questions gently. Roxanne bites her lip. She likes Professor Longbottom, honestly, she does, but they're not particularly close. He is, however, fairly close to some of her aunts and uncles. She glances up and finds herself catching his eyes: brown and deep and unflinching, full of something like integrity. "I'm not sure…" she starts, then bites her lip, before taking a breath and ploughing on. "I don't think I want a magical career," she says steadily, surprised at herself. She'd expected it to all come out in a rush. Professor Longbottom blinks, clearly not expecting that, but, to his credit, he doesn't make any exclamatory noises. Instead, he leans backwards into his chair, steepling his fingers as he mulls it over. "It's certainly doable," he says. "Depending on what sort of job you'd want, you'd need to get some equivalency paperwork from the Ministry, as well as do some Muggle-specific bridging courses—I could probably get a hold of the information for you, if you'd like, but your Aunt Hermione would know it verbatim, I'd wager." He smiles briefly. "There are other types, too—you'd still need to do at least some of that stuff, to prove that you had at least a basic education, but there are some jobs which would be more manual, I gather,