Vlad the Love Vampire Disclaimer This story is only made for fun. We aren't trying to hurt anyone… per se. Remember, this is the authors' clever interpretation of real life events through Vladislov Stepanov's (prick) point of view. If you are at all squeamish and only view PG movies, then this is not the story for you. This is a satirical work that is not meant to be taken seriously. If you are at all offended, you are most likely the targets on our agenda. If you can't take a joke, then you are a joke. We are not trying to target any racial groups at all. We simply enjoy embracing racist stereotypes. We have three asians and one white boy on the writing cast. Not to mention that it has been approved by both a black man and a half white half hispanic man. So yeah….. we ain't racist. Oh, and the fact that we need to put an entire section on racist jokes just shows how many of them we have. And yes, we know, we are horrible people, you don't have to tell us. Now without further adieu, let's begin this wonderful journey. Prologue: It was a dark and stormy night, 10:30 PM, on the dot. Vlad was waiting at the train station, for his one true love. He didn't know her name yet, but he knew he loved her. He'd been waiting for this girl that he met online for hours already and was starting to worry that she wouldn't show. But just then, a flash of lightning illuminated the night, and he saw her. He couldn't make out any facial features but he knew what she looked like from her profile picture on Craigslist. "Hey baby," Vlad exclaimed in a repulsive and nasal voice. The girl seemed taken aback, horrified at the way Vlad sounded. Vlad saw the way she cringed and didn't like the way this was going. "Don't worry baby, I've got a great personality!" She didn't seem reassured. Vlad started to feel the awkwardness settle in and pulled out his final trick. "VAGINA!" Vlad started laughing out loud, but then realized she wasn't laughing. Vlad started to sweat and wondered, "Why didn't that work?" Just when Vlad thought she was about to leave, she came closer to him. Vlad thought that he'd nailed it until he saw her razor sharp teeth, too sharp to be human. He then came to one conclusion, the girl standing in front of him… was clearly... a Landshark. Then he realized how stupid that was, even for him, and decided that the girl was a vampire. Vlad was oddly aroused and confused about his feelings for this woman. Vlad then left the area to go think this over. After walking for a few minutes Vlad decided to go back, it'd be rude to let his love wait for him. But as Vlad turned around, in the distance he saw the girl with her fangs buried in another man. While this was super hot, he wanted to be that guy dammit! So he drop kicked the guy through the ceiling. Actually he just slapped his body for a few seconds until she dropped the corpse. The girl turned, snarled, and bit him in the neck, and Vlad experienced a fleeting moment of extreme happiness, followed by an arousing amount of pain, like a lot of it. He passed out with a ragin' 'rection and a smile on his face. Vlad awoke later that night, but he had changed. He suddenly felt attracted to any desperate girl that got within a mile of him, and all of his standards were gone. He was: Vlad the Love Vampire. The promiscuous vampire who only sucks on the blood of unattractive girls. He was smoother than butter, with shards of glass stuck inside, cooler than ice, within the bowels of an active volcano, and sexier than, well actually I'm not going to make a joke about that one for the sake of decency. Vlad stumbled off into the night, searching for any victims that may fall into his grasp, but really, he hoped that one day someone might actually love him. Part 1: A Whole New World: Mr. Slov worked at a small company called Jen Co. It mostly researched new ways for children to act in a cooperative and cheerful manner, but honestly it hadn't made any progress and was soon to be bankrupt. Mr. Slov didn't work as a researcher or field tester at this company with no ideals. No, Mr. Slov was simply a janitor. Mr. Slov was a janitor mostly because he just sucked, but his utterly obnoxious voice also helped in his placement. "Hey Slov!" yelled out a research scientist named Sawyer, "How you doing buddy?" Mr. Slov knew that Sawyer was just screwing with him, Sawyer hated Mr. Slov's guts after the incident with his browser history. "So... you heard, Slov?" "Heard what?" Mr. Slov said in his obnoxious voice. Sawyer threw up in his mouth a little and began to clear out the blood in his ears before replying. "Well, I'm getting a promotion!" "Good for you, asshole…" Mr. Slov muttered. "I'm sorry what? Ah nevermind, anyway, there's some more news. You're fired." "Why?" "Why not?" A few moments later, Mr. Slov found himself on the streets again, the last thing he heard was Sawyer playing a guitar and a bunch of white girls that were screaming for more. Mr. Slov walked down the street, he didn't bother hailing a taxi because he knew when he said the destination he would be kicked out and the taxi would accelerate to a 60 in 2 seconds. So he just walked. As he was walking he noticed all of the people holding hands walking down the street. Couples he assumed. He shrugged it off and continued walking to his apartment. He then noticed that there was yelling, and then the yelling grew louder, and louder. Mr. Slov looked behind him and was horrified to see that about 15 couples were running after him and yelling at him. For some reason he stayed still as they ran towards him. "What the fuck are you doing here you stupid prick!" yelled a man, "Don't you know that it's Couples' Day?" "No I wasn't aware" said Mr. Slov in way a that would seem cool if it was anyone else. There were a couple of snickers from the crowd. Vlad thought that they were laughing at his "clever remark" and smiled with them. Everyone stopped chuckling the moment they saw Mr. Slov's smile. Five people fainted on the spot "HOLY CRAP HE'S SO UGLY," a girl screamed. Her partner then proceeded to pull out a knife and yell "FOR THE ONES WHO AREN'T ALONE AND FOR THEIR ETERNAL STRUGGLE." Vlad wasn't too intelligent but he knew that there was something very wrong about what that guy just said. While he was thinking about this, the man pushed Mr. Slov over and stabbed him 37 times in the chest. "Can we cut off his hands? I'm hungry," one man said. "Shut up Carl," replied another man. After Mr. Slov had lost about 6 pints of blood, the couples seemed satisfied with their work and left to seek other single people to massacre. After he was sure they were all gone, Mr. Slov got up and wiped away the blood from his everywhere and immediately passed out again because the wounds still hadn't closed up. Also because he was a pussy. When he woke up again, it was nighttime, or as Mr. Slov liked to call it, feeding time, because he's corny as fuck. Mr. Slov stripped off his… no, and became Vlad the Love Vampire. He wore an Abercrombie and Fitch hoodie, skinny jeans, and Adidas shoes. His acne filled face made him indistinguishable from a single red pimple with slight facial features. He jumped in the air and fell to the ground, then he got up to a tall building and jumped off. Vlad glided through the air, like an eagle who'd lost its wings in a horrible plane turbine accident and crashed into a building. Mr. Slov, now Vlad, decided that this was a good place to stop. Surveying the area he saw a lone girl on the corner of a lone street. Licking his lips he swooped down and jumped on her. "RAAAAPE," she screamed in a disgustingly high pitched and annoying voice. Vlad smiled and prepared to suck her blood, then she whispered, "Oh yeah… don't stop." He was so surprised that he fell off of her. "Why did you stop? It was just getting exciting," She complained. Vlad stared into her shit brown eyes, her acne covered face, and her corn yellow smile that would be extremely unsettling for anyone besides Vlad. He couldn't take his eyes off of her and his heart started to beat faster than usual. Vlad heard people shouting from around the corner but couldn't look away from her "beautiful" face. "What's your name Sugarlips?" Vlad asked. Her laugh was like a donkey's mixed with a pig dying from pure, concentrated suffering, beautiful. "Clarice," the girl replied and then smiled that corn yellow smile that Vlad had already become so infatuated with, "What's yours?" Vlad was taken aback from the question. Nobody had ever even bothered to ask his name before, they would only find out when he tried to introduce himself and make their ears implode. "V-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-vl..." they then heard footsteps around the corner. It was the neighborhood watch. "Hey, what are you doing?" they shouted. Vlad immediately took off without a moment to spare. He stared back at perhaps the most beautiful woman he had ever met. She was perfect for him. "What happened young lady?" asked the watchmen. "Oh nothing," she said as she gazed in the direction Vlad ran. "I didn't even get to know your name," she whispered. Vlad felt a warm sensation in his chest as he was running. A sensation he had never felt before, he was in love. He then tripped onto his face. Part 2 : Come Hungry, Leave in a Puddle of Your Own Drool! For days Vlad did nothing but sit back and think about Clarice. What a beautiful woman she was, to him anyway. But despite finding the love of his life, he was still unemployed and the rent to his shitty apartment was due soon. He walked up to a grocery store that was around the corner which had ads for jobs. After scanning through multiple flyers he found an interesting one, it read: "Proctology Experiment: Volunteer your anus for SCIENCE!" "Looks like this is the best deal I can get," he said to himself, "Anal and money at the same time!" But he then heard a voice, a high pitched voice that would make anyone want to kill themselves except for Vlad. It couldn't be but it was. "Thank you," he heard her say to the taxi driver. Then he heard the taxi driver scream, speed away, and explode. Before Vlad could think, like he actually thinks, his legs began to move by themselves. He ran towards the voice. He was driven by a force swifter than a coursing river, with the force of a great typhoon, and with the strength of a raging fire. He was driven by... love. He wasn't paying attention as he was running and was about to be run over by a truck, but he wouldn't let that stop him. Schreeeeeeech. He pushed against the truck with all his might and it pummeled him like a football player ran over a baby. "What the fuck!" shouted the driver. The driver reached for the gun in the glove box but Clarice stopped him with her face. As the man turned to stone she turned towards Vlad and exclaimed, "It's…it's you." Vlad was speechless and was amazed that she even tried to remember him. "I