Thranduil Part 1 Legolas and Tauriel were standing in front of him, below him. Thranduil sat on his throne, leaning back lazily, one leg crossed over the other, his cloak draped around his shoulders and pinned with his spider-shaped broach. As his son and captain went on their knees at the base of his throne, Thranduil stood and strode down the stairs to the ground slowly. He deliberately glared at Tauriel. The king of the woodland realm stopped just before he reached the last stair, and looked out over the crowed. 200 fresh faces looked up at him respectively, brown hair and nearly black eyes the most common. Rivendell elves. The minority had pure silver hair and piercingly bright blue eyes, the elves of Lothlorien. There were 200 elves in the shadows, most with red hair in green eyes or silver-gold and deep as the sea blue eyes. "Tauriel." Thranduil's strong and kingly voice rang out in his chamber, weaving around the horns of the elk antlers on his throne. "Before you left, you went with 12 other elves of your kind. Yet you return with only 205. Why?" Tauriel stood as straight as one of his eldest trees, though the mighty king could see the fear deep in her eyes. "There were many dangers. Orc packs and deadly wolves and hunger and weariness. Only five of my own could survive." It pained her to say these things. She had trained each of her elves personally and painstakingly made them into strong warriors. The elf captain saw them as her own children. Thranduil knew it hurt when a child died, and could sympathize. But great kings didn't sympathize. They ruled sternly yet fairly. "You can just bring in more elves to replace them." Thranduil sighed. "Lady Arwen gave them to me as a gift, and I accepted." "Of course you did. She was dying. But do these elves of rivers and the moon really think they are strong enough?" Thranduil asked. Tauriel glanced over at her shoulder. The 200 elves from Rivendell and Lothlorien all raised their clenched fists in the air and chanted over and over again, "Aye!" Thranduil looked out over the swaying mass. A mass of jet black and coco brown and moon-light white. "Silent." The king called. His voice was thick and stern and rang out among the trees with such ease as he didn't need to raise his voice for it to be heard over the clamor of any occasion. He made a point to connect his own deep-sky blue eyes with Tauriel's flaming green ones. "Train them well." The beautiful she-elf broke the intimate contact as she lowered her head respectfully. With that, Tauriel turned 'round. It was almost like magic that 200 travelers and 200 natives diverged in the center, black and gold and silver mingling as one. The natives helped guide the newcomers into fit ranks. The group turned and saluted respectfully towards Thranduil, then marched to their hollows, where the Silven Elves resided inside of the Mirkwood halls. The king breasted the last step to come face to face with his son, who was just rising. "You act to harshly on her." Legolas protested. Thranduil waved his hand in the air dismissively. "I could not wait for her to stammer through a meager answer, Legolas. We have more pressing matters." On cue, the dwarf friend of his son Legolas strode forward, finally having fought his way through the churning mass of elves. "Who might you be?" Thranduil asked. "You need not speak to me as if I were such as a child, for I am bolder than you might guess." The dwarf grumbled. "That is not a proper answer, Master Dwarf." For once, Legolas didn't intervene. "Name's Gimli, Gloin's son." "I am King of the Woodland Realm, Thranduil Vigorousspring." The dwarf grunted, stifling laughter. "I would not snigger, Gimli. For we all have our traditions, and I would not dare smirk at yours, for traditions are not jests." "Rightly." The dwarf tugged at his belt roughly. Thranduil nodded once, slowly, dragging it out. "Your party is on its way. They say another week, at the least." "Yes. It is a long trail from Erebor to even the borders of your realm." "Such information I already knew." Thranduil replied. "I was wondering such information as where your people would sleep while we are preparing for attack." "Anything close to the ground." Gimli gulped, looking over the side of the platform to the ground far below. "Or at the least anywhere the dangers of rolling off are less prominent." Thranduil nodded again, slowly and deliberately. "Unfortunately, I have other business to attend to, and I will not be able to show you around. But I am sure Legolas wouldn't mind." Thranduil glared pointedly at his son. The prince nodded once respectfully at Thranduil before gesturing the Dwarf should follow. It was a mystery to him how Legolas could befriend a dwarf so easily. Mirkwood didn't have a courtyard such as Rivendell did. It only had the main hall that led to the rest of the forest kingdom. It was in this main hall, right in front of the doors to the forest, Thranduil now strode into. The Eagle King stood, or rather slouched, near the doors. It was clear the huge bird would rather be outside. But that was one think Thranduil couldn't fix. The king had wanted to speak, and Thranduil had agreed. Given, most meetings happened at the foot of this throne, but this huge animal wouldn't fit, or be willing enough to delve deeper into the kingdom should his size permit. "The noble king of eagles." Thranduil said, his voice reverberating off every surface so his whisper turned into a yell. "The king of the forest." The eagle replied, bowing his head in the elven fashion. "It is agreeable to meet with you again." "Indeed. It has been long years since we last spoke, the Battle of Five Armies." Thranduil replied, bowing his own head for just a moment. If nothing, he was just a bit respectful. "Yes, it must be." The gigantic eagle sighed. "And yet a second time we meet under such terrible circumstances." "Indeed. It must be a pattern." Thranduil didn't pace. He didn't lower and raise his head. He didn't stalk around the room. For once, he stood perfectly still. He was never rude to a king. "You have done great, protecting my people from the dangers. I cannot thank you enough for returning my son." Thranduil nearly constantly worried about Legolas, though he'd never admit it. The king couldn't bare losing his son for the kingdom, just as he'd lost his lover. "It was all my pleasure. I have decided it is time to return to the ways of war." Thranduil was startled. The eagles fought in such a way that mercilessly killed their enemies, but at the expanse of their lives. They'd already lost 4 such eagles in the Misty Mountains. "The time of mating has long since passed. How many warriors do you have?" "Some thousand and ten." The eagle king answered. "That is enough to face down Sarumon's army. But it was small. We are talking billions of orcs. More than that. Trillions of zillions of orcs. The number is too great for reckoning. You will all fall." "Yes." The king murmured, his voice reserved and far-off. "The world is changing. The time of the elves was our time, and it has long since ended. There is little left for us, and here is a cause we can put our lives into." Thranduil felt a sadness grip his heart. The eagles had been good allies, and even better friends. A world without them would be a world less bright. Yet Thranduil had known the time of the death for the Eagles was coming. The prophecy had come true. The nature of Arwen Evenstar's death had been at the point of a poisoned arrow. He knew the eagles would leave this earth. And when they did, his death would soon follow. The king of the Woodland realm knew every bit of the nature of his demise, yet he would make those choices. He couldn't just let everyone he'd ever looked after die in one explosive second. He wouldn't let it happen. The trees carried a message for him. The death of the Evenstar has come. The eagles would leave later that same day. Then would come his death. "Can you not see it?" Legolas asked, striding back and forth. "I can see it, but what would you have me do?" Thranduil replied. Frustration was boiling up inside of him. "Run like a Hobbit?" "Yes." Legolas replied, quietly. The prince hung his head shamefully. Thranduil approached him, and put a hand on his son's shoulder. Legolas started and glanced up and Thranduil. The boy was the only one bold enough to hold the king's gaze. "What is it you fear?" "What makes you think I am afraid of anything?" Legolas asked. Thranduil almost laughed at the ridiculousness of it all. "Fear is a deep wound, Legolas." Thranduil dropped his hand and turned, striding to the end of his personal chamber. That was all he was going to offer on the matter. "What is your title?" Thranduil could feel the strange look on his son's face when he asked, but, wisely, the young elf answer. "Legolas Greenleaf, Prince of Mirkwood, the Woodland Realm, and Heir to the Tall Seat." "Yes. And what does that mean?" "I shall be king should the event come that you should perish." "Good." Thranduil replied, his deep voice muffled in this room alone. He almost had to speak up to be heard, but that was the way he liked it. Being king seemed too easy out there, in those cavernous halls. One word and all the elves in Mirkwood would die to protect him. But now it was his turn to die for them. "What is the nature of these inquiries?" Legolas asked. The king looked at the prince and gave a half smile, but it was more of a grimace. "I must go to war as soon as word comes forth. Whether that be with the Dwarves as friends at my side, or not. I must protect my people. And so shall you. "I intend to find some way to bargain for the safety of Mirkwood. If the orcs should break that promise…" Sudden understanding hit Legolas. "You intend to let them kill you." "If it will buy you prosperity, I will take any risk." "Father…" Legolas protested. "Do not fight it. You must fight if the orcs do not take my life as a high enough payment for your freedom." "Dad…" Legolas tried, but Thranduil wouldn't hear to it. "If the orcs should be unfaithful…" "I will find a way to protect the Woodland realm." Legolas responded. "Good." Thranduil turned away. His eyes burned with unshed tears. He'd been fighting back tears a lot lately. More so since Tauriel grew up and became able to understand her feelings. "Now, tonight is the Feast of Star Light." "I shall take care of all the arrangements." Legolas assured his father, rather glad to be off the topic of the demise of the King of the Realm. "I knew you would." Thranduil turned and offered Legolas his rare smile. His son would be the only one to ever see him smile again. He patted the boy on the shoulder gently but firmly. "And summon Tauriel." Legolas blushed at the mention of her name, but nodded and set off to do his work. Maybe he should be allowed to pledge himself to Tauriel. He did love her. Thranduil was looking out over the small pool of cool water in his chambers when he heard the door creak open, then quietly close again. Any serenity that had found its way into his troubled mind suddenly fled back to its abode under the small