Author's Note:- Hi guys! I know, I know, another new story, when I should really be updating my other ones! I really couldn't resist this one. My Hayffie obsession demanded me to write this story. I will try and be a little better with updates, I promise! I've written three chapters of this in advance, but I plan to leave a few days between uploads, so in those days, I can write more, and hopefully it'll keep us going for a while! Disclaimer: I do not own any of these characters, and I never will. They belong to the inspirational Suzanne Collins! Contrary to popular belief, pacing did not make time go faster. If anything, pacing made time grind to a halt, but people still did it. Why he was doing it, despite knowing that it would achieve nothing, was beyond him. Haymitch had never liked Effie...well not romantically, anyway. He tolerated her for close to ten years, and she sure as hell didn't make it straightforward; what with all the nagging and the obsessive compulsive behaviour, it was enough to drive anyone insane. But still, that didn't stop him from being here now. It didn't stop him from pacing the hospital corridor, apprehensively awaiting news on her condition. Effie had been found in the early hours of that morning, imprisoned in what could only be described as a torture chamber. From what he had been told, Effie had been suffering physical, emotional and sexual abuse for months, and she was in pretty bad shape. It didn't shock him. The Capitol was capable of anything, and if they had to, they would torture their own residents for information. Not that Effie would reveal anything to them. She was stronger than that. "Mr. Abernathy?" The voice made him jump. About bloody time! They had no excuse to keep him waiting so long; there was no one else here! Effie didn't have any family left, and her Capitol 'friends' were more like acquaintances, who didn't care much beyond what dresses they were going to buy in the sales, or what nail polish colour was currently in style. Haymitch was the only real friend she had. Drunk or not drunk, he was there when she needed him. Most of the time, anyway. This was one of those times. "Well I haven't changed my name in the past four hours that you've bloody well kept me waiting." He snapped. He was badly craving a drink, but he promised himself that he wouldn't leave until he'd seen her, even if it was only for five minutes. After an hour, the alcohol withdrawal had begun to make him feel sick, and his mood had deteriorated from there. So by now, it was only natural for him to be surly. The healer who had greeted him was young, barely out of medical school, it appeared. He'd clearly had no familiarity with impatient members of the public. Well he had to learn sometime. "You can see her now..." He replied, his voice shaking as he pointed to the room that he had just left. Haymitch grumbled and made his way to the door. His anger faded as soon as he saw her, and it was replaced with a dull ache. The ache that one got when they saw someone close to them so vulnerable, and not being able to do a thing to help them. Effie was attached to every machine under the sun: oxygen, a heart monitor, an IV, providing her with the nutrients that she had lacked during her imprisonment. She was covered in scars, wounds that had been stitched, and she appeared to have lost at least twenty pounds – the hospital gown she was wearing hung off her. Despite all of this, she still looked...beautiful. She was completely natural. No makeup caked over her pale face, no wig covering her long, wavy golden blonde hair. She looked so much better without the wig and the cosmetic crap all over her face. He took the seat next to her and took her hand, squeezing only enough to let her know that he was there. Not that it mattered, she was fast asleep; or drugged up to her eyeballs with painkillers. Either way, she wasn't conscious. He stared at her for the longest time, drifting in and out of his thoughts. Not for the first time, he blamed himself for what happened to Effie. He should have told her to get the hell out of the Capitol. He should have told her to get somewhere safe...but everything had happened so fast. One minute she was there, and the next she was gone, and no one knew where she went. "Hey, Princess..." He spoke softly to her. Maybe she could hear him. He hoped she could hear him. He had so much to say to her. He had so many things to apologise for. He didn't even know where to start. "I haven't had a drink in...hours...so this'll be the most sober you've ever known me...so enjoy it." He smirked to himself. He felt like an idiot, talking to himself, but he didn't want to sit in complete silence. Normally Effie talked enough for both of them, but now there was only him. "So you know I'm not good at talking about feelings and stuff...so don't expect anything fancy. I guess I just wanted to say that I'm sorry...for not being there for you when I should have been. I should have protected you, but I'm not going to lie...me being the insensitive jerk that I am, I cared more about liquor than I did about you. It sounds awful, I know, but it's true. I guess me being here now won't make up for it, but I'm just glad you're alive. You're alright, you know, for a nag..." He chuckled to himself. "I guess I just didn't know what I had until it was gone...when you disappeared I felt like I'd lost one of my only friends...because I had." He paused, realising he had rambled too much. He touched his lips to her hand, and stood. He really needed a drink now. "I'll be back tomorrow, Eff. I promise." -x- Haymitch was as good as his word. He showed up every single day for the next week. Yes, he'd had a few drinks beforehand, and he wasn't always sober; but he wasn't perfect. He wasn't so drunk that he couldn't stand up. He'd have been thrown out otherwise. On the morning of the eighth day, he made his way down the hospital corridors, a bunch of flowers clutched in his left hand. He didn't know for the life of him what kind they were. Lillies, probably. He'd been rather pissed when he bought them. He just hoped that Effie would be awake to see them this time. When he visited, she was always under some sort of sedative or pain medication, and he hadn't seen her eyes open. He still talked to her though. And at one point, he swore she squeezed his hand. Today through, as he reached the ward that Effie was on, he knew immediately that things weren't right. Effie's usually silent room wasn't silent this time. Nurses and doctors pushed their way inside to tend to a screaming, terrified Effie. Without even pausing to think about it, Haymitch ran, full speed to her door. Effie was being pinned to her bed by three nurses, as she shrieked in terror and tried to throw off the two women and man she believed to be attackers. She was naked from the waist down, lying on her tummy as the nurses practically sat on her to keep her still. The male, who Haymitch had thought was a nurse, was actually a doctor, and he held a needle in one hand. "LEAVE HER!" Haymitch snapped, and Effie's head turned towards him at the sound of his voice. "LEAVE HER ALONE!" The arguments and heated demands between the nurses and doctor stopped, but Effie was still screaming and howling, desperately trying to get away from them. She looked feral, from all of her time locked away without any human interaction, unless being beaten counted. It didn't. She had a look in her eyes that Haymitch had never seen before. One that showed she had lost control. Lost control of everything around her. Tears streaming down her face, Effie reached her hand towards Haymitch, giving him a pleading look that made his heart twinge. Though she was sobbing, he knew what she was trying to say by the gesture: Please. Please help me. But he didn't move. He couldn't. He didn't know what to do. "Now, Doctor Parriss!" One of the nurses, who had managed to keep Effie's other arm still, shouted. The doctor inserted the needle, filled with a clear liquid, into Effie's right buttock, and pushed the plunger. Effie's sobbing slowly stopped, and her body fell limp. Her eyes were still on Haymitch as they closed, slowly, and her breathing steadied to a normal rate. The nurses and doctor released their restraint on her, (only when they were sure that she wasn't going to fight them again), and left the room. Doctor Parriss muttered to Haymitch as he passed. "If it comforts you any, she won't remember this when she wakes up." It didn't comfort him. At all. He'd only just realised that he was shaking with rage. Rage at them. Rage at the system in general. Was that really the way to calm their patients? Drug them because they can't be bothered to spend the time reassuring them? A sudden guilt overwhelmed him too. She had wanted him to hold her hand. She had wanted his touch. But he had done nothing. He walked over to the chair beside Effie's bed, taking her limp hand into his own, holding it as she slept. "I'm here, Princess. I'm right here." -x-x- "Haymitch?" Her weak voice alerted him immediately. He hadn't let go of Effie's hand since she had been knocked out with those damn drugs, and he must have dozed off in the chair. His neck was aching like crazy; but that was the least of his worries. He was just so happy to hear her voice. "Still alive then, sweetheart?" He chuckled, momentarily letting go of Effie's hand as she rolled onto her back. He'd covered her with a blanket just after she went to sleep, as she was wearing nothing on her bottom half. Most of the machines that she had been attached to were gone now. She only needed an IV drip to keep her hydrated. At least that was some good news. "You stayed..." She replied, weakly, after almost five minutes of silence. Haymitch had just assumed she wasn't up to talking, so the comment caught him completely off guard. "Of course I stayed, Eff." A smirk played on his lips. "It would be bad manners if I didn't, wouldn't it?" He sighed, taking her hand again. To his relief, she didn't pull it away. "I've missed your nagging." "Why did you come?" Effie whispered, not looking at him. "I thought you hated me." "I've never hated you, Effie. I've found you annoying, yes. But I've never hated you." He frowned, trying to work out where she'd gotten that idea from. From the way he behaved when he was drunk, most likely. "You told me you hated me the last time I saw you. You said 'I hate you prissy Capitol lot. I hate all of them, and I hate you for being one of them.'" Haymitch's heart sank into his stomach. He had no memory of this conversation, but being the sober one, Effie's memory was more reliable than his. "I was drunk...I didn't know what I was saying." "Well it must have been true. We all know you're incapable of lying when you're drunk." She muttered, pulling her hand away from his. "It's different when I'm drunk and angry, Effie.