Title: Barely Breathing Rating: M- for safety (suggested violence, adult themes, and occasional language) Characters: FinnickxOC; a little of KatnissxPeeta and we'll see if any more will be added in later chapters Summary/Warning: Another look into the world of the Hunger Games as seen by one of the previous victors. Starts out in Catching Fire and moves on to Mockingjay in later chapters. Story closely follows the books so spoilers will go along with the story although creative licence is used in a few areas with the addition of another character. Disclaimer: I do not own Hunger Games, Catching Fire, or Mockingjay in which this story is inspired from. I do use direct quotes every now and then from the books themselves when the timelines coincide but I tend to leave out a lot of the in between to more explain the story line of the new character and some of the supporting cast in the original stories. The Capitol, that overly dramatized land of glutinous citizens and flourish of color, always seemed like a far off land that people only made up in stories. But what kind of parent would tell stories of such a place and of the games they hosted every year unless it was truth. Who would believe that there were actually crowds of people cheering the blood and gore of children while indulging themselves on the food they hold back from others? Even if the Districts were outside those pristine walls and practically foreign countries even to each other, was there really the lack of basic morality that didn't see the children as humans but as 'tributes', beings to be used like animals and slaughtered like such. No, this was the reality of every man, woman, and child in Panem. Every year the reaping of children from the Districts paid it's visit like clockwork but this year was different. This year was the 75th Hunger Games, the Quarter Quell, and this year the tributes were chosen from the existing champions. While for once the Capitol was able to feel some of the dread the Districts felt ever year, fear the loss of one of their favorite champions of old, the Districts could only let out a breath. While they mourn for their victors being sent back into the arena, not all could hide the slight feeling of relief that their children wouldn't be picked this year. This year would be completely different; this year was a Hunger Games to beat all Hunger Games. This year was a Hunger Games meant to stop a rebellion. The fire of rebellion has been ignited, let the games begin. Finnick Odair Finnick could still hear the screams from his latest nightmare but his posture and face did not show the inner turmoil. The rule change for this year's Quarter Quell had been like a slap in the face but the reaping itself had been a gut punch. For a moment, he had lost his ability to breathe when Annie's name was called but the sweet old Mags, now a saint in his eyes, volunteered for her. Finnick wasn't sure how long he would be able to get Mags through these games but he was defiantly going to try. As far as Finnick was concerned, Mags now had a bodyguard. He owed Mags for saving Annie from the arena. The elevator doors opened as Finnick, dressed in the finery of his stylist's interpretation of his District, waltzed through the courtyard in almost nothing but a net around his waist. The clear view of bronzed skin had the Capitol girls screaming from their station a few yards away. Knowing he would need sponsors he forced a brilliant smile and waved at them as he went to join the other tributes. The scene before him was so much different from the scene of his first Hunger Games. All those children with those big round eyes nervously looking about, most fearing the children from the career Districts. The career Districts were known for their volunteers who had been training since birth from the hunger games. In front of him now were mostly adults, and while yes the career Districts still were formidable each one of the tributes this year were victors in their own right. While they were all crowned victor of one hunger game or another most of those before him did not look like what you would expect a victor to look like. Almost each one of the victors looked haggard, old, or strung out on drugs. Very few were still young and hadn't hit the alcohol yet. It was these Finnick's keen eyes looked for as he walked to gather with the other victors. In order to survive, and to keep Mags alive in return, he would need a career pack of his own in the arena, a temporary truce to take out the greater threats. He had a mission this Hunger Games and his sea of blue eyes found her standing by her horses petting them awkwardly. Katniss Everdeen, the girl on fire, she was the one he approached after greeting a few other victors. Just who was this girl really who had ignited the embers of rebellion with a handful of berries. Sapphire Reed Sapphire sat perched on the half wall that surrounded the tribute's gathering area, her ever watchful green eyes flitting between the champions. Compared to the rest she almost looked normal even with her blood red hair and ever changing temporary tattoos slithering down her arms. Her way of coping with the result of the Hunger Games was to claim the one thing she could control, her body. One separated from the group and made his way to her, her fellow tribute from District 10, Nexus Rose. "We should be talking to the other tributes." Nexus said as he grimaced a smile at the Capitol fans at the door. "And you should actually smile instead of growl at your sponsors, looks like neither one of us are following the rules here." Sapphire simply replied barely sparing him a glance. Nexus leaned on the wall beside her so that his face was inches away from hers. "Look I know you want to make it through this as much as I do. We have to play this right, we need teammates when we enter that ring." One of the tributes from District 9 puked in a corner. "Oh yeah, plenty to choose from. At least it'll be easier to slit their throats when all the others are gone." Sapphire didn't wait for Nexus' response as she hopped off and started walking to their chariot just as the gong rang out to gather them all together. This was all just a game, and she didn't have the stomach to play it. Everyone here would be dead except one when these games were over. Sapphire was a fairly recent victor but she had gotten to know a few of them through her years of being a mentor. Her hand went into her pocket to finger the cold metal of a tattoo pen. Before she had been reaped in her Hunger Games, she had been an artist. Sure she had been drawing during the dead of night and when she snuck off to odd corners of her District but it had been her passion. Livestock and animals was a job but drawing had been a habit. She wanted to capture the rare beauty in the dismal world around her and keep it safe in the pile of odd scraps of paper under her bed. When she had emerged from the Hunger Games her mentality had been greatly fractured as most victors were. The beauty in the world was now coated in a layer of blood. The only way she kept her sanity was to work complicated designs on her body. She needed to be able to see them whenever reality threatened to rupture. Her eyes would take in the pattern and examine it; adding things here and there, changing colors, or even erasing it all together. For once the Capitol was able to give her something she needed, a tool to temporarily tattoo her skin and erase it all to start anew when the design was beyond helping her. Sapphire currently sported a day old design of frantic sharp lines, burning faces, and utter chaos. Soon even this would be taken from her, the tattoo pen would be replaced with a weapon and they would expect her to take another's life once more. The drums started and Sapphire jolted some when Nexus hopped on the chariot beside her. He didn't mention anything but just stared on ahead as their horses started forward in the precession. Emerald eyes watched as the giant doors came closer, this road was leading them to the games, and this road was leading them to President Snow. Her eyes darken at the thought of Snow. "He will die." she thought but apparently it had been muttered aloud as Nexus looked over at her. His look of surprise morphed to determination as he nodded. Before the chariots crossed the threshold Sapphire only said one more thing. "Whoever you choose I will help as long as the victor fulfills our overall objective." To free Panem, to kill President Snow. "That's the goal." Nexus said as the light suddenly engulfed them and the roar of screaming fans drowned out any other conversation. This hunger games the tributes from District 10 were united, this year they both wanted to see the man standing over them now dead. Their eyes didn't flinch from his as they pulled up before him and as Sapphire later noticed on the re-runs that night, neither did the eyes of half the other tributes. The only other eyes that defied Snow's almost as much as her own were those of the young mocking jay, the eyes of the girl on fire. Finnick Odair Finnick paced in his Launch Room as he waited for the voice to tell him to go to the tube that would lead him back into hell. His stylist had left him, and probably for the best. While Finnick had never said a terse word to the stylist, they hadn't necessarily gotten along. It didn't matter anyway, now was a time when he needed to be alone. His mind was swimming with planning, what to do with different scenarios. Anything could be waiting for him above ground and he had to be ready for it. His outfit didn't give him much of a hint; it was fairly thin material so all Finnick could hope was that they would not be facing freezing cold weather. "Alright, let's go over this again. First I need to get Mags and then I need to get Katniss and Peeta." Finnick thought out loud. His eyes caught the glint of the gold bangle Haymitch had given him to wear. Apparently it was a sign to Katniss and Peeta that he was an ally. He was fairly certain it would work on Peeta but he wasn't certain about Katniss. They hadn't necessarily hit it off. No matter what Finnick did all he seemed to do to her was annoy her. Besides the gold bangle, he had also been told to look out for red ribbons on two other tributes. Apparently Haymitch hadn't known who the other group would be just yet when he had seen him last, Finnick could only hope they waved that ribbon up and down like a flag before he ran his supposed teammates in with the nearest spear. The voice suddenly called out to prepare for the launch and he made his way over to the tube. His gut clinched as his skin grew clammy. All the deaths and his own near death experiences came flashing back at him as she struggled to regain control of his lungs again. "Got to find Mags. Got to find Katniss and Peeta." he started chanting in his head