DISCLAIMER The following story is a not profit fan based fanfiction. Percy Jackson & the Olympians , The Heroes of Olympus , The Kane Chronicles , Magnus Chase & the Gods of Asgard , and The Trials of Apollo all belong to Rick Riordan. Please support the official release! Prologue You know what sucks about being in a business? Being in charge of that said business. That means that you have to be responsible for all the dull and boring business meetings that happen almost everyday. The boring discussions about how the company's doing, the dull meetings with other corporations and agencies, but the most boring and dull of them all were those wretched business improvement meetings. Lucius hated them all. Who are they to tell me how to improve my organization that I helped to create? I've been leading far worse for years! Before any of them were even born, or even conceited! They have some nerve. After finishing a horrendous and dreadfully boring meeting with some members of the board of directors, Lucius walked out of the room and headed down the hall to the nearest elevator. When he reached it he looked around and saw no one else. He smirked, now he had the elevator all to himself without any distraction from his employees. As a CEO of a corporation, he had many employees under his foot which gave him many pro's and cons to being the boss. One of the cons of being in charge of a corporation was that he had to deal with his annoying employees, especially on the elevators. Whenever he had to share an elevator with any of his employees they would usually be too nervous to even speak to him, which for the most part was a pro, or had the guts to try and ask for a raise or even a vacation. That was a definite con. Thankfully most of them were either heading home, or had other work to do elsewhere. Knowing this Lucius quickly pushed the button, the elevator automatically opened and he walked inside. Without hesitation he pushed the button for the top floor. After soon as the doors closed and the elevator started to ascend, the music started to play. It was the kind of music that was played during the days of ancient Rome. It had a calm soothing tone that would always brighten Lucius up whenever he was feeling down. In fact, this was also similar to the music that his mother would sometimes play for him when he was a still a child. It brought back some good memories he had of her. Ah mother... He thought to himself. If only you could see me now. I've become quite the rising star ever since you were forced to depart from this world. He could still remember her beautiful smile and encouraging voice. It was shame though that she died. If only she did not keep on getting in the way...if only she had just let things stay the way they were and stop interfering with his work. If she had, her life wouldn't have come to an early end. He clenched his fists with anger. If only she had just let him do what he was destined to do he wouldn't have been forced to do what he did. His arm shook with rage and his eyes narrowed as the memories came flooding back. If only she had just stayed out of his way and quit interfering with his life and trying to control him like he was some damn puppet, he wouldn't have had to- Ding! The elevator doors opened, and the music had stopped. He had reached the top the floor. Lucius sighed. He walked out of the elevator and headed to his office. There was only one room on the top floor and it was off limits to all of the employees. To all except some members of the board, and of course the CEO himself. Lucius casually walked down the hallway and finally came to a door. He reached into his pocket, grabbed his ID card, and slid it into the card scanner. It immediately beeped and a small light glowed green. It then made a 'clicking' sound meaning that it had unlocked. Lucius opened the door and walked in. Like most offices that are used by CEOs, it was rather large and roomy, with a window that was just as big and wide as the wall showing the twinkling bright lights of New York City that shown in the nighttime. It basically looked like a penthouse sweet. Viewing down on the city and all of the people below him, made Lucius feel powerful. Like a king. No not a king, an emperor. That suited him much better. After all, his office decorations reflected that. His office was decorated with visual arts of the past, specifically those from the Renaissance and Ancient Roman time period. All types of paintings aligned the walls, each one showing beautiful artwork. Some of them were replicas of famous paintings from some of the most well known artists from history. Leonardo Da Vinci's 'Mona Lisa' , Sandro Botticelli's 'The Birth of Venus' , and Raphael Sanzio's 'The School of Athens' . The others that Lucius had were very different. Along the other side of the wall were classic paintings that were showing scenes from the play called 'Iphigenia in Aulis' which of course was based on the Trojan War from Greek mythology. It was one of Lucius favorite stories. The tragedy surrounding it was absolutely beautiful. One of the finest tales ever told. And it all started due to those foolish gods. He smirked to himself. Looking around the room he found his display case, inside of which was pottery that looked as if it were made back in the ancient days when people worshipped these gods. They showed the gods and well known heroes either fighting monsters or other deities, or just them posing as if to make them look cool and amazing for people to worship and look up to. Although in reality these so called gods were nothing more than immature fools who couldn't even do their own respective jobs rights. They were idiots. Idiots who didn't deserve to rule over mankind. He calmly turned away from the display and went to sit at his desk. Speaking of which, Lucius considered that his desk was what definitely brought the whole room together. The prime jewel. The icing on the cake I guess you could say. It was made of the finest oak that money could buy. It was solid, sturdy, and it was painted solid brown with gold highlights that glowed when it was shined with light. On top of it were regular things that you would usually find on a desk. A cup filled with pencils and pens, a stack of some paper for work, As well as a bowl of strawberries, his favorite snack. And last but not least, was a nameplate with his name in bright gold letters. Lucius Redbeard Of course this wasn't his actual name, not entirely anyway. His actual last name was longer and in another language, but he didn't want to draw any unnecessary attention so he changed it. Although technically he just translated it into English, but details weren't important. Some might say that all of these artifacts, possessions, and decorations would be a waste of money but hey, when you're in charge of a multimillion dollar company you can spend a couple thousand dollars on some Roman knickknacks. It reminded him of home. As soon as Lucius sat down on the oh so comfortable chair, he took in a deep breath and exhaled. Behind him on the wall, there was a fairly large self portrait of himself. He was posed as most other important people would look, with one hand on his fancy purple suit and the other on his side. The expression that was painted on his face was stern and full of pride. The representation of a true leader. And on his desk there was a small miniature bust figure that matched the painting, minus the arms and lower body of course. He reached out over to the bust and picked it up, and brought it over to his face. "You know..." He said to statue, as if it were alive. "It's usually around this time of the day, that I would simply relax after enduring a dull, boring, and terribly long business meeting and just head on home. But I have one more meeting to attend to." Lucius smiled. Using his thumb he flicked the statue's head. It opened, revealing inside a small red button. He pushed down on it, and chuckled. "And this one shall be quite interesting." There was the sound of gears turning and clicking. and just like magic, a section of the wall behind him parted open, revealing an elevator. He casually walked inside. Just like any elevator it was small and cozy, with enough room for a few people. But instead of a row of buttons on the side, there was only a keyhole. Lucius reached into his pocket and grabbed his I.D card. He turned it over three times, and on the third time it was no longer a card, but instead it was a solid gold key. He inserted the key into the keyhole, and turned it clockwise. The elevator doors closed and Lucius felt the elevator descend. Elevator music began to play, however it was not the same music he had heard before. It was more of a somber, foreboding tune. It was the kind of music that made you think of hard times, or those that had fallen from grace and how you desperately wanted to regain your former glory. To Lucius, if seemed to be the perfect choice of music, considering how it matched his feelings and his past perfectly. He could remember the good old days, back in Italy when he was still lived his life to the fullest. Back at his very own palace. Back when he was in charge of everyone and everything. Where he was truly happy. But he could also remember how it was all lost to him all those years ago. How he was forced to leave it all behind. If he had stayed, then he most likely would of been killed. And all because of his rise to power. I should have stayed. Lucius thought to himself. I shouldn't have been afraid. I should have stood my ground and not run like a cowardly brat! He remembered when he discovered the secret to becoming amazing, to be remembered for all time for his accomplishment. But he was forced to leave despite what he had gained. What he had lost. And it was all because of that cursed 'family' of his. It was because of them he had fallen from grace. It was because of them, he had lost what he had rightfully deserved. "Damn you..." He muttered bitterly. "Damn you, you wretched bastards! You just treat us like garbage! Like pawns...you will pay, and you will pay with your own demise. I swear to it." He raised his clenched fist, and looked at it with a stern expression. No, a furious expression. "I swear to it upon the Ri-!" Dong! And just like before, the elevator doors opened. Lucius momentarily forgot what he was doing and stood there with a envious expression. That is until he heard a gruff voice speak to him. "You're late, Beast." Lucius quickly regained his composure and walked forward into the dark room. The room itself was almost the same size as his office. However it had circular design compared to the more rectangle design of his office, as wall as the rest of the building in general. It did however match its design and decorative choices. On the wall there were three paintings, these paintings showed