Author's Note: Thanks for checking out my new story! The one-shot "Instant Karma" is a prequel of sorts for this story, covering Bella's back story. It can be considered a spoiler, as her background is revealed a piece at a time throughout this story, but feel free to read it if you like to be spoiled. If you don't wish to be spoiled, I will let you know when it's safe to read "Instant Karma." Moosals is my pre-reader again, and has been along for the ride since the day I first e-mailed her my plot bunny idea! Thursday, September 13, 2012 "How about I come down to the lake and take you out to dinner this weekend for your birthday?" my father's voice comes through the computer. "Dad, I really don't feel like going out," I reply with an exasperated sigh. "You never feel like doing anything , Bells." "Don't start, Dad." I love my father. I do. But every week, it's the same argument. "Look, Bells, you're 30 years old now. You are wasting your life living by yourself in the middle of nowhere. You don't see anyone, you don't do anything… I worry about you." "I'm fine, Dad. And I do something — you know I'm writing for an online blog." "I just wish you'd go back into society. If not Seattle, you can come back to Forks. Dr. Gerandy from the animal hospital is going to be retiring in a few months. Please, Bella, just promise me that you'll think about it," my dad implores. "Fine," I sigh. "I'll think about it." For two seconds. Suddenly, I hear a loud pounding at my front door. My head turns toward the noise, while Leo, my very furry orange tabby cat, jumps from my lap to go hide underneath the kitchen table. Wimp. "Is that someone at the door?" Dad asks, hearing the noise easily via our Skype connection. "Yeah. Probably just UPS or something. Mom said she was shipping my birthday gift. Let me sign off and get that. I'll talk to you next week, all right?" "All right, goodbye, Isabella. And think about what I said." Closing the connection, I roll my eyes at my dad's badgering. I'm just not ready to face the world again. I don't know if I ever will be. The pounding starts again as I unlock all of the deadbolts that my dad, ever the vigilant cop, installed on the door after I moved in here. "Just a second," I call. Once I finally get the door open, I'm shocked when a tall figure rushes into the house. The only thing I register is that he's wearing an orange jumpsuit — like you see prisoners wear in cop shows on TV. "Close the fucking door," he yells. Without thinking, I slam the door shut and turn around to inspect the intruder. The staring contest that we now seem to be in gives me ample opportunity to study him. He's tall — definitely over 6-foot — and lean, with a head of messy reddish-brown hair on top of his head. And if the orange jumpsuit didn't give it away, the fact that his hands are handcuffed together and he's holding a gun would be enough to tell anyone that this guy is bad news. I'm too shocked to scream, too shocked to do anything but stare at him. When he finally moves, I hear myself give an involuntary yelp. Fuck, where is my purse? I swear my dad gives me a new can of pepper spray every time he sees me, but I always keep it in my purse. It takes me a moment to register what the prisoner is doing — he's closing all of the window blinds. "Please don't hurt me," I utter meekly. "I'm not here to hurt you," he replies shortly. "I need you to help me get these handcuffs off and find me some less conspicuous clothes, then I'll be out of your hair." I just stare at him. He wants me to help him escape from prison? Well, I guess he already did that, but still, he wants to make me some kind of accessory? "I promise," he adds, when I don't reply. I swallow hard before speaking. "Do you have the key for the handcuffs?" "If I did, I wouldn't need your help," he replies, rolling his eyes. "Um, am I supposed to know how to remove them without a key?" "No," he snorts, "I guess not. You look like a good girl — not the type who likes to get kinky in the bedroom with a pair of handcuffs." Embarrassed by his correct assumption, I slowly walk toward the kitchen, keeping one eye on him. "Um, my dad might have like a hacksaw or wire cutters or something, from when he used to come down here fishing." "Stop looking at me like that." I stop abruptly. "Like—like what?" I stutter. "Like I'm gonna hurt you. I've never hurt a woman. As long as you don't try anything, I won't lay a finger on you." "O—ok," I reply as he follows me into the kitchen. There is a box of my dad's tools on the bottom of one of the cabinets. I almost never go in there, so I'm not really sure what I'll find. "You escaped from Stafford Creek?" I ask in a pointless bid to make conversation while I search through the box. Stafford Creek is a state prison located out on State Route 105. It's about 10 miles from here though, so he's come a long way if that's where he escaped from. "Not quite." He doesn't elaborate and I wonder what on earth that is supposed to mean. "I'm not guilty," he says quietly. "I was tried and convicted for something I didn't do." "Wouldn't anyone say that?" "Probably, but I'm not lying to you." "Ok," I reply as I finally find a hacksaw buried in the box. "That?" he scoffs. "You might be able to cut through the chain with that, but you'll never be able to cut through the cuffs." "It's a start, isn't it? At least your hands will be separated." "Fine. Whatever," he replies as he takes a seat on one of my kitchen chairs. I'm shocked to see Leo slink out from under the table to sniff at his leg and shoe. Leo hates strangers and usually hides under my bed whenever there's another human being in the house. I am just about to pull out the chair next to the prisoner when I hear another knock at the front door. Both of us freeze in place, just staring at one another. "Is anyone home?" a muffled voice calls through the door. "It's the police." "Fuck," he whispers, staring at me. The look on his face is one of unbridled panic. And in that moment, he reminds me so much of myself on the day my life changed forever. The day I'd give anything to take back. It's too late for me, but it's not too late for him. He still has a chance to live. Standing quickly, I urge him to stand up. "Go hide in the bathroom," I whisper, pointing out the room. "I'll get rid of them." He walks to the bathroom, but then stops, looking at me skeptically. "How do I know you're not gonna turn me in?" "You don't, I guess," I shrug. "But I won't. I—I believe you." I'd never tell him, but I also trust my cat's instincts. As he moves behind the bathroom door, I take a deep breath and blow it out slowly. I can do this. I've lied before, after all. But look what that cost you, Bella. "Good evening, officers," I say with a forced smile as I open the front door. "I'm sorry it took me so long to get to the door; I was in the bathroom," I lie smoothly. "Is there something I can help you with?" "Ma'am, a bus carrying new inmates to Stafford Creek ran off the road about a mile from here. One of the men escaped. Have you seen or heard anything unusual this afternoon?" So that's what he meant by "not quite." "No, I—I haven't. Should I be concerned?" "Yes, Ma'am," the officer replies. "This man should be considered armed and dangerous. Lock your doors and windows, and if you see anything suspicious, call 9-1-1 immediately." "Of—of course. Thank you for letting me know." "Have a good evening, Ma'am," he says as he turns to leave. "I hope you catch him," I call after the officer before closing and locking the door. I remain standing there, breathing deeply again. When I finally turn around, I'm startled to see the prisoner right in front of me. I hadn't really studied his face until now. His eyes are a startling green, staring into mine. And my God, he's is a good looking young man. "I hope you catch him," he parrots. I shrug. "It sounded like something I should say?" He makes a face, shaking his head, then holds up his bound hands, still holding the gun in his right one. "The handcuffs?" "Right, come on," I reply, motioning him back to my small kitchen. He sits heavily on the chair, holding his hands out to me. "Um, could you maybe not be pointing the gun at me as I'm trying to do this?" When he doesn't move, I continue, "I won't pick it up and use it against you. If I wanted to do something like that, I would've told the cop where you were." "Fine," he sighs, gingerly setting the gun on the table. "Do you know how to handle that if you did pick it up?" he asks, nodding toward the gun. "Um, yeah, I do. My dad is Chief of Police up in Forks." His eyes widen but he only moves to hold his hands out again. I begin sliding the hacksaw back and forth over the chain separating the two cuffs, pushing down as hard as I can. No one is more surprised than me when the chain finally snaps. "Fucking finally," he sighs, stretching his now-separated arms out in front of him. "We're not done yet though." Glancing down, I notice for the first time a dark stain on the left side of his stomach, just above his waist — blood. "Oh my God," I gasp, "Have you been shot?" "Yeah, a fucking guard got me as I was running off. It's not bad." "Not bad," I repeat. "It's a gunshot wound. Let me look at it." "Are you a doctor?" "Not exactly," I reply. "A nurse?" I shake my head. "I'm a veterinarian." He stares at me, mouth gaping. "So you know how to treat a gunshot wound?" he finally asks. "Well, not really. I did once. A kid was playing with his dad's gun and accidentally shot the family dog," I explain. "Just let me see it." "I think you just want to see me half-naked," he replies with a smirk and a wink, as he starts unbuttoning the prison-issue jumpsuit. As he shrugs the oh-so-attractive garment off his shoulders, my eyes widen as the colorful ink adorning his chest and arms is revealed to me. I can't help staring at the images, wondering what each of them means. When he is finally naked to the waist, I shake myself out of my stupor and try to concentrate on his wound. There is far too much blood to really see anything, so I quickly run to the bathroom and get a washcloth, holding it under the faucet. As I wipe the blood away, I see the exit hole near his side. Almost missed him. "Turn for me," I direct quietly. I almost miss it in the mass of colors, but there is another smaller hole in his back — entrance wound. "Well, the good news," I explain, "Is that you don't