Author's Note: Welcome, everyone! I've decided to go ahead and write the entire story Reason For Living from Edward's point of view. I'm not done yet, but I'm through 16 chapters, which should give me enough of a lead to post regularly. This chapter was already included as the last RFL outtake. Thanks again to moosals for pre-reading. Stephenie Meyer owns all characters. Also special thanks to edwardisaputz for pre-reading from the male perspective! Thursday, September 13, 2012 Fuck me. With every fucking tree we pass, I get closer to the 6-by-8-foot cell that will become my home for the next 25 years. Sure, my fucking lawyer says he's going to push for a new trial, but that's no guarantee that this fucking nightmare will be over anytime soon. Spending the last four weeks at the Washington Corrections Center was bad enough. I was put through medical examinations, psychological testing, you name it, like a fucking lab rat. Their assessments came out Minimum security since I'm not a fucking psycho, but they've assigned me to Medium security anyway, thanks to my second-degree murder conviction. I can't believe the nerve of that bitch. I can't believe a fucking reverend's daughter placed her hand on the Bible, swearing to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth — and then lied through her teeth about the fact that we knew each other. Intimately. I know we meant nothing to each other, but Jesus Christ — she got off every time! What the hell kind of problem did she have with me? And of course, the jury believed her over me. Big fucking surprise there. I'm staring out at the trees when suddenly someone on the bus curses loudly. My head bumps the window as the bus swerves across the other lane and off into the gravel on the left side of the road. The driver must overcorrect, because suddenly we're careening to the right and off the road again. I'm jerked back and forth in my seat as the front of the bus slams into a huge tree. "All right, everyone stay calm," the guard sitting behind the driver says, standing up and pointing his gun at the seven convicts on the bus. The driver hops out, walking around to the front of the bus, but then I lose sight of him. He comes back a minute or so later. "I smell fuel; I think we need to get them off the bus. I'll radio for help," the driver says. The guard in the back of the bus starts walking up the aisle, stopping beside each of the seven prisoners to unlock the side of our cuffs that's shackled around the metal armrest of the seat and hook it over our other hand instead. One by one, he passes us off to the guard from up front. When he finally reaches me, I stare down at the gun sticking out of the holster on his hip as he fiddles with my cuffs. The other six guys are all off the bus already, being watched by just the one lone guard with a gun. Without a second's thought as to whether or not this is a good idea, I grab for the gun with my right hand, hitting him as hard as I can in the nose with my left elbow. I turn and run down the steps, past the gawking men and off into the woods. "Hey!" the guard outside screams. I hear a couple of gunshots and then a searing pain shoots through my left side. Fuck! I've been shot! I'm afraid if I stop, he'll continue shooting, so instead I keep running through the trees, as fast as I can. Fuck, I've never been a runner, and right now I wish I was in better shape. I run for several minutes, not even pausing to look behind me. I jump over a fallen tree, then absolutely have to stop and rest for a moment, bending over with my hands on my thighs as I breathe in and out deeply. And then I smell it — smoke, like there's a fireplace going somewhere nearby. I thought we were in the middle of fucking nowhere, but maybe there's a house out here? I breathe in again as deeply as I can, trying to figure out where the smoke is coming from, then take off again in that direction. A couple of minutes later, I see it, a small house up ahead through the trees. It's not dark outside yet, but the lights are already on inside and smoke is billowing out of the chimney. I increase my speed, running toward what I hope is my salvation. When I reach it, I immediately start pounding on the door, hoping I'm not greeted by someone with a shotgun. As I stand there catching my breath, I can hear the sound of voices coming closer. Fuck! I pound on the door again; I've got to get inside before they make it over here. The lights are on, so I know someone is home. "Just a second," a female voice calls from inside. Thank God — there shouldn't be any kind of confrontation if there's only a woman here. I wait impatiently, trying to ignore the intense pain in my side. When the door flies open, I rush into the house. I barely even notice the woman standing next to the still-open door. "Close the fucking door," I yell. She closes the door and turns around, getting into some sort of staring contest with me. She's small, maybe average height for a female, but too thin — or at least her clothes look too big for her. With her long brown hair and no make-up, she looks a hell of a lot like Angela did on the witness stand. My stomach twists as I wonder if this is God punishing me. I snap myself out of it, realizing either someone from the prison or the local police has got to be closing in on me. With the lights on inside the house, they'll easily be able to spot me through the windows. I move to close the window blinds, hearing her finally make some kind of noise. "Please don't hurt me," the woman says timidly, barely audible. "I'm not here to hurt you," I reply, trying to reassure her. "I need you to help me get these handcuffs off and find me some less conspicuous clothes, then I'll be out of your hair." I need to get the fuck out of town — fast. The woman just stares at me like I spoke in fucking Chinese or something. "I promise," I add. "Do you have the key for the handcuffs?" she finally asks. "If I did, I wouldn't need your help," I reply, rolling my eyes. Is she for real? "Um, am I supposed to know how to remove them without a key?" "No," I snort, looking her up and down, "I guess not. You look like a good girl — not the type who likes to get kinky in the bedroom with a pair of handcuffs." Shame. Her face turns bright red as she slowly starts walking toward the kitchen, keeping one eye on me at all times. It's really starting to piss me off the way she acts like I'm some psycho killer. Not that I really blame her, but still — it's pissing me off. "Um, my dad might have like a hacksaw or wire cutters or something, from when he used to come down here fishing," she says. "Stop looking at me like that." She stops abruptly. "Like—like what?" she stutters. "Like I'm gonna hurt you. I've never hurt a woman. As long as you don't try anything, I won't lay a finger on you." "O—ok," she replies, but she doesn't sound convinced. I follow her to the kitchen, staring at her ass as she bends over, digging around in one of the cabinets. Hey, she's the first woman I've seen in the last month who's even close to attractive. "You escaped from Stafford Creek?" the woman asks while she searches through the box. I finally drag my eyes away from her ass so I can close the blinds on the kitchen window. "Not quite," I tell her, distracted by my task. "I'm not guilty," I add, hoping that'll convince her not to be afraid of me. "I was tried and convicted for something I didn't do." "Wouldn't anyone say that?" "Probably, but I'm not lying to you." "Ok," she replies, holding up a small hacksaw. "That?" I scoff. "You might be able to cut through the chain with that, but you'll never be able to cut through the cuffs." "It's a start, isn't it? At least your hands will be separated." "Fine. Whatever," I reply as I take a seat on one of the kitchen chairs. Something tickles my leg and I look down, noticing a furry orange cat sniffing at my leg and shoe. Just as she places her hand on the back of another chair to pull it out, there's a knock at the front door. Both of us freeze in place, just staring at one another. "Is anyone home?" a muffled voice calls through the door. "It's the police." "Fuck," I whisper, staring up at her. This is it — I can't really stop her from turning me in. I'm not a killer; I won't shoot her if she tries anything. Even if I just try to keep her here in the kitchen, she can always scream. She stares back at me and I notice for the first time how dull her deep brown eyes are. She looks sad, almost haunted. Suddenly she's urging me to stand up. "Go hide in the bathroom," she whispers, pointing out the room. "I'll get rid of them." She'll what?! She wants to help me? I walk toward the bathroom, but then stop, looking back at her. "How do I know you're not gonna turn me in?" Just because she looks innocent doesn't mean I can trust her — I learned that the hard way. "You don't, I guess," she shrugs. "But I won't. I—I believe you." I'm still afraid it might be a trick, but what choice do I have? I step into the bathroom, hiding behind the door. I think about closing it, but I want to hear what's going on. "Good evening, officers," I hear her say. "I'm sorry it took me so long to get to the door; I was in the bathroom. Is there something I can help you with?" "Ma'am, a bus carrying new inmates to Stafford Creek ran off the road about a mile from here. One of the men escaped. Have you seen or heard anything unusual this afternoon?" "No, I—I haven't," she lies. "Should I be concerned?" "Yes, Ma'am," the officer replies. "This man should be considered armed and dangerous. Lock your doors and windows, and if you see anything suspicious, call 9-1-1 immediately." Armed and dangerous — I want to deck the guy for telling her that. What if she changes her mind about my innocence and turns on me? "Of—of course. Thank you for letting me know." "Have a good evening, Ma'am." "I hope you catch him," she calls. I wait in the bathroom until I'm satisfied the cop is gone, then step back out into the living room to see her standing in front of the closed door, her head down. She turns around, jumping slightly when she sees me standing there. She stares up at me, a strange look on her face, and I wonder for the first time what she's thinking. "I hope you catch him," I parrot. She shrugs. "It sounded like something I should say?" I grimace, shaking my head at her poor acting ability, then hold up my hands — we've still got unfinished business. "The handcuffs?" "Right, come on," she replies,