Biggest Dick Ever Contest Author: RobzBeanie FFn profile page link: ~robzbeanie Title: Everything She Wants Summary: It'd be a dirty little trick for God to play to make such a gorgeous creature such a dick. Pairing: Bella/Edward Rating: M Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Edward Cullen. Well, Mr. Cullen to me. He's my English teacher. This is Mr. Cullen's fourth year teaching senior English at Lincoln Park High School in Chicago, Illinois. I first noticed him about three weeks into my freshman year when he cut in front of me in the cafeteria line. Now, most teachers do that — but they usually say "excuse me." The man was so drop dead gorgeous — like, he could be modeling for GQ or Dior gorgeous — that I didn't even mind his rudeness. Much. "Mr. Newton," he says in a derisive voice as he sets the paper down on my classmate's desk. "Keep it up and you'll be asking, 'Do you want fries with that?' for the rest of your life." Turns out that initial rudeness was a precursor of things to come — Mr. Cullen is a huge dick. Since Mr. Cullen already had his Masters in Education, he was a couple of years older than most new teachers when he started at Lincoln Park. Rumor had it that he was only teaching high school until he completed his PhD and could get a job at a university. Fully expecting that he'd be gone before my senior year, I was thrilled when I received my schedule and learned that I'd be in his AP English class. Not just so I could be in the hot teacher's class, but also because I've always loved reading and classic literature and plan to major in something English-related in college. I felt like I'd really be on the same page as him. Sure, I'd heard the rumors that he wasn't much of a people person, but I'd dismissed them as sour grapes from students who didn't apply themselves. Surely he'd respect the students who put forth a good effort in his class. "Miss Swan," he nods, setting last week's essay on my desk. I look at the grade marked in red ink in the top right corner — A. There is no such thing as a compliment from Mr. Cullen; at best there's the lack of an insult. Once all of our papers have been returned, he begins today's lesson. As always, I try not to stare at his handsome face, lest he catch me drooling. In my attempt to look anywhere but his face, my gaze travels downward over his crisp white shirt to the blue pants he's wearing. And that's when I see it. The bulge in his pants extends beyond the crotch area into the left leg of his pants. Holy shit, Mr. Cullen has a huge dick! I can't stop staring. I've never seen a dick that big before — outside of internet porn. OK, fine , I've never had a boyfriend, so it's not like I've seen any unclothed dick in person, but I mean… I've never noticed something that massive in a guy's pants before. It's mesmerizing. I just can't stop staring for the rest of the period. It's even right at eye level! When the bell rings to signal the end of class, my best friend, Angela, has to tap me on the shoulder to get me up and out of my seat. Once we've chosen our lunches from the cafeteria, we join the rest of the gang at our usual table. "Oh. My. God. Did you guys see the bulge in Mr. Cullen's pants today?" Jessica asks before we've even sat down. "You saw it too? I couldn't stop staring!" I gush. "Man, oh man, what I wouldn't give for a ride on that," Lauren says, licking her ruby red lips. I've gone to school with her since third grade and she's a nice girl — but Lauren is pretty much the school slut. I try not to roll my eyes at her dramatics. "All right, all right, knock it off," Mike yells in exasperation, placing his hands over his ears. "I do not need to hear about that asshole's dick. I'm trying to eat my lunch here. Jesus." Angela looks at him sympathetically across the table. "I wish Mr. Cullen could be nicer to you." Mike sighs. "I know I'm in over my head in that class. I didn't want to take AP English since it's never been my best subject, but my dad insisted that I sign up for every available AP class in the hopes that we can cut down on college expenses." "Still, he doesn't have to be rude about it," she continues. "It's only September. Maybe he'll lighten up as the school year progresses and he gets to know us," I suggest. "Fat chance," Tyler scoffs. "My brother was in his class two years ago; said he's always a dick." I frown upon hearing that. Mr. Cullen is so good looking that I'd like to believe he's a good person inside that hard exterior. It'd be a dirty little trick for God to play to make such a gorgeous creature — with a huge dick — such a dick. Once I've finished my homework that evening, I go online to look for a new fan fiction story to read. I mean, I enjoy classic literature as much as anyone, but now that I have to read books like A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man for class, I don't want to think so hard on my own time. My current favorite fandom to read is Vampire Diaries ; I'm a huge Delena fan. As I browse through the available stories, I come across a WIP that looks interesting. It's an AU where not only is Stefan Salvatore a student at Mystic Falls High School with Elena Gilbert and all of her friends, but his brother Damon has taken a job there as a teacher . I'm sure you can understand why it appeals to me. Though Mr. Cullen's hair is more of a reddish-brown color and his eyes are a stunning green rather than blue like Ian Somerhalder's, it's easy to picture him in my mind as Damon as I read the story. Damon even acts like a dick, just like Mr. Cullen, though he has more of a sarcastic wit than I've ever seen my teacher display. Elena is obsessed with her teacher, frequently fantasizing about having sex with him. My eyes widen as I read some of her more, er, vivid , fantasies. As a virgin, I've gotten quite an education from fan fiction, and I've often wondered if sex is really as awesome as it's portrayed. I mean, I doubt every guy out there is a sex god, but having a huge dick must give Mr. Cullen a leg up. Wink wink. By the time I've reached the end of the published chapters, teacher Damon has noticed Elena's crush on him and I feel like they're this close to sealing the deal. I can hardly wait for the next update. Crawling into bed later, my mind swims with images from the story I just read. And that's the first night I dream of Edward Cullen. Unbelievable. Mr. Cullen has actually assigned us to memorize Hamlet's famous soliloquy — all 366 words — and recite it in front of the classroom. For a grade . Who does that? While I'm a good student, memorizing has never been my strong suit. Hell, I still don't know the periodic table, though I can recite the Presidents in order. For a week, I memorize five lines at a time until I seem to have it down. At least, I can say it in my head; I get tongue-tied every time I try to say it out loud. And I drive my divorced father nuts by forcing him to listen for any mistakes when he'd rather be watching the Cubs. On the day of our speeches, I'm so nervous that my hands are sweating, which never happens to me. Mostly I want to impress my hot teacher, but at the very least, I'd like him not to make me look stupid in front of my peers. I'd really like to go first — partially to get this shitstorm over with, but also so I don't get the lines mixed up if anyone before me screws up. Before I can volunteer to start us off, Mr. Cullen announces that we'll be going alphabetically. Of course, with the last name of Swan, I'm pretty darn close to the end. At least I'm not Angela Weber, who will have to sit through 22 other monologues before it's her turn. I try to zone out and not really listen to anyone else's speech. I can tell from Mr. Cullen's barbs that most of my classmates needed to practice more. As is his usual M.O., no one actually gets a "nice job" or anything like that, even if they've done well. Once Jessica Stanley has returned to her seat, trying desperately to hold back her tears, I take a deep breath and walk to the front of the classroom. Everyone always says that you should picture your audience in their underwear if you're nervous about speaking in public, but given my situation here with Mr. Cullen, that's really not likely to help me. "Whenever you're ready," Mr. Cullen directs, and closing my eyes, I begin. To be, or not to be: that is the question: Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, Or to take arms against a sea of troubles… Once I've recited the final line, I open my eyes and stand motionless, waiting for my teacher's reaction. I don't think I screwed anything up, but I don't know anything anymore. "You may sit down, Miss Swan." That's it?! Seriously? Would he actually burst into flames if he gave anyone a compliment? Sighing, I return to my seat, relieved that this cruel and unusual punishment is finally over. I doubt this exercise helped in any way to prepare me for the Advanced Placement exam at the end of the year. "Great job, Bella!" Angela smiles as we walk out of the classroom after her speech. "Thanks," I reply shyly. "You did well too, judging from the lack of a reaction." "I think I messed up a word or two, but he was nice enough not to comment," she laughs. "Mr. Cullen? Nice?" I deadpan, making her laugh again. "Stop tugging on your dress," Angela chastises me for about the fifth time as we stand inside the school gymnasium. "It's just… I'm not used to showing so much cleavage." I look down, frowning at how much of my skin is showing. "That's because you only got boobs within the last year," she laughs. "You look great, Bella. Seriously." I don't know how I let Angela talk me into going to the homecoming dance… with her, since neither of us has a boyfriend. We went shopping for dresses a couple of weeks ago and I picked out a gorgeous midnight blue dress with a sweetheart neckline. The skirt is several inches above the knee in front, but much longer — nearly ankle length — in back. "Oh, wow!" Angela suddenly exclaims. "Mr. Cullen is here as a chaperone." My head immediately turns to follow her line of sight. I don't think I've ever seen him at a school function before, but it's definitely him, looking beyond hot in a sports coat and white shirt with the top couple of buttons undone. "He looks like he's having so much fun," I note dryly. "Tell me about it," she laughs. The rest of our gang is here at the dance as well, though they managed to find dates. Jessica and