Fictionpad Olderward & Olderella Contest Title: Naughty Can Be Nice Penname: RobzBeanie Pairing: Bella and Edward Rating: M Word Count: 11,254 Beta/Pre-reader: moosals Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary: Bella Swan wants nothing more than to protect her job, her reputation and her heart from Edward Cullen. But damn that young intern is so hard to resist. Thanks to Chantie for running the Olderward/Olderella Contest on FictionPad! I won Second place for Best Story Overall, Best Drama and Best Edward. "Can I help you, Ma'am?" the hostess asks as I step inside the best Mexican restaurant in Seattle, exhausted from a long day at the office. "I'm meeting a couple of friends here," I reply, looking up to see Alice, my best friend since middle school, waving her arms frantically. "I see them, thanks." I smile at her before I turn and walk across the restaurant. "Bella," Alice squeals, standing up to hug me. "Chill, Alice, I just saw you on Halloween, what, two weeks ago?" Turning away from Alice, I step over to our friend Rosalie, hugging her tightly. "It's good to see you, Rose. I'm so sorry about your grandma." Rosalie is back in town for her grandmother's funeral. Unlike Alice and me, who returned to our home state of Washington after graduating from USC, the beautiful blonde decided to stay in California to try her luck as a model and actress. She has had some success as a catalog model and now has a small part in a soap opera. "It's so good to see you guys, too, even under these circumstances," Rose replies with a small smile. After we sit down at our table and order a round of margaritas, I notice that Alice is still particularly animated, even before she's had any alcohol. "Ok, Allie, what's up?" Rose finally asks. "I think I'm in love," Alice squeals. I shake my head, rolling my eyes. Alice thinks she's in love once every three months. "Bella, I'm serious this time! Do not roll your eyes at me. Jasper is ah-ma-zing! I met him at work when he needed to find a suit for a friend's wedding." The fashion-conscious Alice is a personal shopper at Nordstrom. "What's so amazing about him?" Rose asks with amusement. "He's like a real live cowboy, originally from Texas. Curly blond hair and a Southern drawl that's to die for," Alice sighs. "I've always dated older men; who knew I'd fall for a younger man." I nearly choke on my drink. "Really?" Rose asks, one eyebrow raised. "How young?" "He's 29 — can you believe it?" "Alice, you're only 33," I remind her. "He's not a younger man; four years is nothing." "He's one milestone birthday behind me," she points out. Rose and I just shake our heads. After Rose catches us up on her love life and her soap opera role, Alice turns to me with a smirk on her face. "What about you, Bella? When are you going to get back on the horse?" I grimace. After my five-year-relationship with Jacob ended, when he decided to move back home to Chicago to take over the family business — and said he didn't want me to come with him — I haven't really dated much. I'm terrified of being left behind again; I don't need to pay a lot of money to a therapist to tell me that. "Seriously, Bella, you need to get out and meet someone," Rose says. Great, now they're ganging up on me. "I have no idea where to meet men these days," I lament. "You know I've never been one for the bar scene. No one's going to pick me out of a bar filled with young, overly flirty blondes. And besides, if a guy's idea of a good time is getting drunk, he's not my type of guy." "What about at work?" Alice asks, taking a sip of her drink. "That worked for me. It's not against the rules for you to date a coworker, right?" "No, it's not," I agree. "As long as we don't work in the same department, the company is all right with it." "So… anyone at your office catch your eye?" I try to stop my mind from thinking of him , but I can't. I can feel the blush on my face. "Ah, so there is," Alice grins triumphantly. "What's his name?" "His name is Edward," I sigh, thinking of the most gorgeous specimen of man meat I've ever seen outside of a movie screen. "And have you done anything about this interest in Edward?" Rose pipes up. "Of course not!" I value my career, thank you very much. "Why not?" Alice asks. "He's not married, is he?" "No, he's definitely not married." As if. "I have no idea if he has a girlfriend though." "Does he work in your department? I don't remember you mentioning an Edward before," Alice says. "No, he's been working in Marketing for about six months now." "So why won't you do something about it? At least flirt with him and see how he reacts," Alice suggests. "I can't, Allie." "Why not? What's wrong with him? He can't be hideous if you're interested in him." "No, Edward is certainly not hideous," I reply with a sigh, picturing his sculpted jaw and cheekbones, blue-green eyes and messy bronze hair. "He's an intern in the Marketing department, still in college. He's 20 years old." Once Alice and Rose wipe the shocked looks off their faces, they start laughing hysterically. "Bella's a cougar," Rose snorts. "Oh my God!" "I'm not a cougar!" I protest. "Cougar would be actually doing something about my attraction to Edward." Besides — can you be a cougar if you're under 40? "I don't know, Bella," Rose continues, "Maybe you should go for it. They have an amazing refractory period when they're that young." She dissolves in giggles almost as soon as the words are out of her mouth. "Yeah, he might be good for a few rolls in the hay," Alice adds with a giggle of her own. "You need to get laid; he may be just what you need to help remove the stick that's up your ass." "Forget it! Edward would probably fall over laughing if I tried to flirt with him. Even if he's single — and I doubt it given how good-looking he is — I'm sure he's not interested in a 33-year-old woman." I take another sip of my drink, sighing heavily. No, I'm sure Edward has never looked twice at me. "Emmett," I whine over the phone to my younger brother, "You promised!" "I know, I'm sorry, Bells! But if I don't get this project done, I'm not going to be able to go home with you for Thanksgiving tomorrow. And then Mom might kill me. You don't want that, do you?" "No, no, of course not. But I can't do this by myself." "I'll try to find a night next week when I can come over," he suggests. "Fine," I sigh, drumming my fingers on my desk. "We need to be in Forks by two o'clock tomorrow, remember." "I'll be at your place no later than ten," he promises. "Now I've gotta get back to work." "See you tomorrow." I hang up the phone, lean my elbows on my desk, and rest my head in my hands, sighing. If I know my brother, he'll have an excuse not to come over and help me every night next week, too. "Um, Bella?" a velvet voice calls. I look up to see Edward Cullen standing in the doorway to my office, looking like he just stepped out of the pages of GQ magazine. "Hi, Edward," I greet him with a smile. Shit, did my voice sound too breathy? "Um, I couldn't help overhearing… Is there something you needed help with?" he asks. "Yeah, but it's nothing for you to worry about — not work related." "That doesn't mean I can't help," he smiles, moving to take a seat at one of my two guest chairs. "What happened?" "My brother flaked on me," I explain. "He was supposed to come help me set up my Christmas tree after work tonight. It's a 9-foot tree, and I can't carry the three large pieces up from the basement by myself, or put together the top of the tree. Emmett is 6-foot-6, so he's perfect for the job." "Hmmm… maybe I could help? I mean, I'm only 6-foot-2, but…" Edward in my house? No fucking way! "Oh, I couldn't ask you to do that, Edward. It's not exactly part of your job description." "You're not asking; I'm volunteering," he insists with a smile, green eyes twinkling. "Don't you have anything more fun to do on the night before Thanksgiving?" I ask skeptically. "Nah… Mom is gonna be nuts all night getting everything ready for tomorrow. You'd actually be rescuing me. I'd love to help, Bella." "Your m-mom?" I stutter. "You live at home?" "Sure," he shrugs. "Might as well since I'm just going to school locally." "Of—of course. Well, if you're sure, I'll email you my address. I was planning to leave around 4:30 since it'll be a ghost town around here by then." "Sounds good," he replies with a huge smile that could melt the North Pole. As Edward stands up, I suddenly wonder what he was doing in my office doorway in the first place. "Did you stop by for a reason, Edward?" "Oh!" he exclaims, his ears turning a lovely shade of pink. "Yeah, my boss wanted to know if you'd have time this afternoon to look over the materials for the new product launch with me." "I think I could squeeze you in." Edward's ears turn even pinker and I realize the slight double entendre in my response. "Just bring it by when you're ready," I clarify. "Ok," he smiles, turning to walk away. God, that ass — the view is almost as good from behind. Edward is still finishing something up for his boss, Riley Biers, when I get ready to leave, so we agree that he'll meet me at my condo as soon as he can. To be honest, this is what I'd hoped for, since it gives me at least a few minutes to straighten up before he arrives. I couldn't care less what Emmett thinks of my place — I know what his bachelor pad looks like, after all — but Edward? Yeah, I need to make sure there's nothing embarrassing lying around. I usually bribe Emmett with food to come help me, but I don't know if I have time to actually make anything for dinner. I guess I could just order a pizza — college kids like pizza, right? Fuck, I've invited a college kid home. No, didn't invite; Edward sort of invited himself. Just before I reach a complete freak-out, I hear the doorbell ring. I take a deep breath and walk over to the front door, throwing it open. "Hi, Edward," I greet him. "Come on in, it's cold outside. Um, you can just hang your coat on the back of one of the kitchen chairs if you want." As Edward removes his coat, he looks down at my slipper-clad feet and toes his shoes off, leaving them on the mat by the front door. "This is really nice," Edward says, glancing around at the condo I've called home for the last three years. "Um, thanks," I reply shyly. "So, um, the tree is downstairs." I turn and head down the stairs to the finished lower level, then open the door to the storage area, cringing at the mess of boxes. "Uh, just ignore the mess in here." "It's a basement," Edward chuckles. "It's supposed to be messy." I find the large box against the wall and lift off the tree skirt that serves as a cover over the