I wake on an early morning. My dark hair is greasy as every morning. I'm now twelve. More families have moved into District Twelve since my birth. I wake to my little brother wining. "Good morning, princess," my father says. He's a tall man. Blond hair, blue eyes. Brod shoulders. Very strong rom lifting sacks of flour. My eyes are like his. My hair is exactly like my mother's. But my father has this limp. A false leg. He said it was an accident that happened years ago. My mother comes in looking beautiful. Her dark hair, olive skin, and grey eyes. She is wearing a green dress that shows off her eyes. Everyone that I see everywhere say I look a lot a like of my mother. But the difference is our eyes. But my lttle brother Gabriel looks like a little version of my father. Except he was the same color eyes as my mother. " Hi Peeta," my mother says kissing my father. They have allways had this spark between them. I wrinkle my nose. "Why infront of the kids. Gabe doesn't need to see this," I say in discust. My parents look at me angerly. "Young ladie, what we do. It is none of your business. When you're older you'll understand," my mother says. I roll my eyes. All the kids know me as the daughter of the Star-Cross lovers from District Twelve. Two ex-Hunger Games winners. It drives me crazy! I just walk out. I hate that I'm looked at during all this unit during History. "Rosemary's parents were in the last Hunger Games." "Mr. and Mrs. Mellark were the youngest in the Seventy-fifth Hunger Games." And more! I end up at the dooof a house in the Seam. I knock on the door. Out comes one of my only real friend, Trinity Lue. Families had come from all Districts. I'm one of the only District Twelve babies. She is a red-head with brown eyes. She is a couple of inches shorter than me. Her red hair goes down to mid-back. Her parents are Avoxs. So she is very shy. But not around me. We continue talking. This boy with dark hair and blue eyes, he could be my twin. The weird thing is he must be a combination of a Seam person and a Merchant, just like me. He is starring at us. I've seen him before, but never talked to him. But the thing is that his father is an Avox. It's very sad. So here is this boy our age, looking at us. Trinity nudges me. "You see that boy? He's a lone wolf. No one dares talk to him," she wispers to me. I smile. Here I go walking to him. I feel bad for him. "Hello there what's your name?" I ask. I was this kind side I never show. "Jake," he says in a low voice. "Why Jake, I'm Rosemary. My parents are Peeta and Katniss Mellark," I say. "Cool, my last name is Edwin. My father can't speak so I don't." he says. I feel a tear go down my cheek. "Want to hang. Sit with Trinity and me," I ask. With that he smiled. "Hi I'm Trinity."says Trinity to Jake. "Hi I'm Jake," says Jake. We are off to class. In History I see that we are going to see a movie. "What are we going to watch?" some blond asks. "The Seventy-fourth Hunger Games. We are going to see the last full games," my teacher says. My face drops. Holy god, I think. More Hunger Games! Well Seventy-fourth not so bad. It could be my parents' year. It starts. Many kids in an area in each District. Names called, people volunteer. Then it's District Twelve. This ladie, a capital ladie comes on the stage. The mayor gives his speech. Then the capital ladie walks to the microphone. It's Effie Trinket! "That's Aunt Effie," I say outloud. I also see my godfather Haymitch Albernathy falls into the seats. The whole class laughs. He's allways drunk. Aunt Effie gives her speech. "Ladies first," she says. This ball rolled. She took out a piece of paper. "Primrose Everdeen." All hush. This small girl. Blue eyes and blond hair comes out. The back of her shirt is sticking out. "Prim!" someone calls. My mother steps out. She was wearing a lovely dress. "I volunteer as tribute," she gasps out. She went up to Prim. She was called to the stage. The girl tried to stop her but a boy picked her up. "Go up there, Catnip," he says to her. She went up. "What's your name,"Aunt Effie says cheery. "Katniss Everdeen," my mother answers. "I bet that was your little sister. Well lets hear it for District Twelve's first volunteer." says Aunt Effie. The ball rolls for the boys. She takes out the paper. "Peeta Mellark," she reads. Everyone looks at me. All the blood drains from my face. I see my father so young take the stage. The mayor gives a speech. All I think is What on earth? Why, kill me. Finally they shake hands. It cuts to the opening ceromonies. Chariot after chariot. The last chariot comes in. "Wow," everyone says. District Twelve, my parents come in on fire . Holding hands and smiling. They look so cute together. The interviews were amazing. Different people with angles. Sexy, clever, sly, the District Eleven girl was adorable. My mother still had her flames. Then my father. He was friendly, no surprise. First the weird interviewer and him were sniffing each other. But then the guy asks my father if he has a girlfriend. He shakes his head. That shocked the man named Caesar and says, "What, a handsome man like you? Is there a special girl?" "Well there is a special girl. I've had a crush on her for a long time," says my father. "How about this. You win this thing and go home. She can't say no to you," Caesar says hopefully. My dad gives a shake, he says, "No, that won't work. She came with me." I feel like passing out. This is when my father confessed his love! When did my mother? After that the games started. It was horrific. Kids killing other kids. My mother almost gets knived. I was confused. I thought, this is when my parents get together. Is it? My father was no doubt inlove. But what about my mom? The bee hive falls. My father tells my mother to run. He fights this ruethless boy. It's amazing how these games are. The boy cuts my father. My mom made an ally with Rue, the twelve year old. They blew up the Careers' food and supplies. They could be like sisters. But that didn't last long. The boy from District One killed this small girl. It was tear jerking. My mother sang to her before the girl died. The whole room was crying. Finally my parents team up. My mother nurses my father to full health. She takes a knife to the head for him. My father tells her when he fell inlove with her. It was sweet. The final three were in. The ruthless boy named Cato and my parents. The mutations take Cato's life. The rule that said two tributes can win if from the same District, was withdrawed. My mother takes out these death berries. The Game Makers let there be two tributes that win the games. Soon it is over. All the terror shown, shows us that we live in a good time. I'm totally neglected but still. "Oh my god, that is a story I could have gotten from my parents," I blurt out. All look at me. Hugs from all. "I'm so sorry," all say. I am crying. It was terrible. The games. It was three hours long. The worst three hours of my life. And on the day I was born. It's horrenderence. For seventy-three years twenty-three kids got killed because of the capital. For the year we just watched twenty-two. It's a horrible thing to do. I justsat there all through school. I walk home in silence. Scaried of everything. Life, I've never abriseated more. I feel like poop. When I get home, I run right into my mother's loving arms. She took me in her arms. I was so upset. "What's wrong, sweetheart?" she asks. "School, Hunger Games, I'm sorry," I say breaking down. She sits me down on the couch. "It's okay. The games helped me relize my love for Peeta, your father." she says. I finally calm down, sorta. My father soon comes home. He sees my tears. "What's wrong, princess?" he asks. He is so calming. I'm so upset. I could hardly tell my story. I couldn't gasp out the last part. Everyone caring for me. "It's okay, we'll never have it again," my father says smoothly. Later in the evening Aunt Effie and Uncle Haymitch show up. "Hi sweety, how's your special day?" Uncle Haymitch asks. I smile, "Good I have a new friend. His name is Jake Edwin." It was the truth. Aunt Effie kissing both my cheeks. "How's the birthday girl?" she asks. "Good, Auntie Effie," I say in a cute way. She smiles. They sit down for dinner with us. Chatter accurs. I find out that my parents need to go to the capital. So I and Gabriel are going too. We get some of our things to bring. We leave for the train station. As what I can remember I've been on a train since I was an enfant. I was excided to go back to the capital. We sit. I get my own room and the food. It's like amazing heaven! The adults talk. I keep quiet. I fall asleep with my parents. When I wake up, we have stopped for fuel in District Two. I am excided to look around. "I'm going to look around for, say, an hour. And then go to my room," I say. I get a nod. District Two is amazing. So filled with life. Many people in the place, needing to go places. This stern woman that is like eighty years old walks up to me. "You are supost to be in school, young ladie. Come with me," she says. She starts dragging me. I try to stop her, I struggle to go. But then I notice a cute boy going to school. So I let her defenselessly drag me the rest of the way to school. I sit in the seat right next the cute boy. He was this specially cut brown hair. His brown hair has little bangs. And these grey eyes you can't forget. They remind me a lot of my mother's and brother's eyes. He's a little taller than I am. He has freckles on his nose. He has dimples that no person I know has. He looks like he's been in a few fights and has a lot of scars. In some way to say, he's soo cute. "Who has heard of the Hunger Games before?" the teacher asks. He is a tall, brod shoulder man with glasses and a scare above his left eye brow. Mine and 'Mr. Cutey' (it's the cute boy's nickname until I find out his name) raise our hands at the same time. "There have been only Seventy-five Hunger Games, not counting the one which they took control over the capital to how it is today. The last full video-taped was won by Peeta Mellark and Katniss Everdeen, who is now Katniss Mellark, because The Girl On Fire finally found her love for The Boy With Bread. They right now have two children in District Twelve. A twelve year old and a six year old, " I say. Everyone looks at me shocked. "Yeah, my father's best childhood friend won one of the games," says 'Mr. Cutey'. "Have you seen the Seventy- fourth games like me?"