I do not own THG. Unbeta'd. All mistakes are mine. WARNING: RATED M for sexual content Would Madge prefer pink or purple letters? Pink, probably. Madge always went for pink. I frankly couldn't care less. These costumes were Madge's idea. I just had to pick up the finishing touches at Michael's while she was in rehearsal for her senior recital that she was performing next weekend. I selected the the pink sparkly iron-on letters as soon as I saw that two H's were included and moved to the front of the store. I listlessly stood in line behind a middle aged woman when I heard a voice say "Katniss?" I looked up. In front of the woman stood Peeta Mellark. Oh dear. I struggled to find my voice "Hey" I finally said. He smiled. I had to look away. If I looked too long at his smile I'm pretty sure I would tackle him to the floor right there. "Hey, what are you doing here?" He spoke so easily, t was the thing I admired and hated about him. "Just picking up some iron on letters for my costume for tonight." "Oh are you going to Finnick's party?" He seems so genuinely interested, I'm not quite sure what to do other than say yes. "Cool, I'll be there too, what are you going as?" "Madge and I are going as Hermia and Helena from A Midsummer Night's Dream . It was her idea." My face burned as I told him this. Of course he would get that reference. My first real encounters with Peeta, other than seeing him in the art school when I would see Madge and Annie before they had rehearsals was when we took a Shakespeare class together. It wasn't about the acting, but rather just the language. However, I don't think I could forget how his mouth caressed the words of Ferdinand when he declared his love to Miranda. "That's perfect! Yall are the exact physical types." There he goes smiling at me again. I guess it's my turn to add to the conversation. "What about you?" His smile actually gets bigger as he describes how he and several friends, Finnick included are going as fast food mascots. He's going to be the burger king. I laugh and suddenly it's his turn to check out, but before he leaves he turns back to me, "Bye Katniss, I'll see you later." I wave and try my best to return his smile. He leaves. I finally check out and walk out to my car in the cold. I can't believe Madge convinced to wear a silly costume on the coldest night of the year so far. Granted, it's Texas so it's not actually that cold, even though some of these idiots in their uggs and scarves act like they've never experienced weather below 70 degrees. I drive to my apartment with Madge and walks inside. Music is blasting and I immediately cringe. "That better not be High School Musical!" "You know it's my favorite getting ready music. It's so happy!" Madge appears from the bathroom her hair half pinned up as she curls it. "Now get in here so I can do your makeup. You got the letters right?" I slowly trudge into the bathroom. "Yup, pink and sparkly." Madge claps as she forcefully pushes me down onto the stool. I'm taken aback. Madge doesn't act like this normally. "Sorry, I've been waiting for three years to do your hair and makeup," After what I consider to be far too long, I'm allowed to look at the mirror. I'm shocked at the woman in front of me. I have winged eyeliner, flushed cheeks, hot pink lips. My hair is down in soft waves with leaves and twigs from trees pinned in. I look like I slept in a forest, only a million times better. "You look a-mah-zing, now lets get our shirts ready!" It was Madge's idea for them to wear oversized men's shirts streaked with mud and an ironed on "H" to give the impression that we slept in the woods with our lovers. I just went with it. This was a party held by people from the art school. I'm a biology major, but Madge is a piano performance major and through her I met Annie, who is a dance major, and Johanna who is in theatre with an emphasis on performance art which as far as I can tell, mainly involves her removing her clothes onstage. However through my time spent in the art building I saw Peeta for the first time through a doorway as he worked on something. He had a streak of paint across his cheek and I'm not sure I had ever seen anything more adorable in my entire life. He looked up and saw me staring and I immediately turned around and booked it towards Madge's rehearsal room. I didn't see him again until our Shakespeare class last semester, and now we have a tentative friendship based on waves, smiles, and the occasional small talk if we end up in line at the coffee cart together. Madge sets the iron up and makes quick work of the ironing, and then reaches into the kitchen cabinet and pulls out two shot glasses and a handle of half empty sailor jerry. She pours the shots and we use Johanna's traditional start of the night toast. "Fuck everyone who isn't us." And we drink. Madge suggests another and I can't help but agree. I don't normally love large social gatherings, but Halloween is one of the few times that my typical excuses for avoiding parties don't seem to work. The party is just down the street at Annie's boyfriend, Finnick's, house. He's one of those rare types who manage to be in a fraternity, be on the swim team,and still be a journalism major fully involved in the art school. When he said he was in a frat people didn't scoff like hey normally would, but took it in stride. The place was packed. We are immediately pressed together in the crowd. I finally see Annie over by the makeshift bar. She's dressed as Holly Golightly and she looks absolutely beautiful. I knew I could count on her to look classy and lovely even on a holiday where girls preferred to dress in skimpy outfits and parade around as "Sexy construction worker" or "Sexy Rainbow Brite" Madge and I force our way through the crowd over to her. She throws her arms around us, her breath smelling of vodka. I can't help but laugh. Annie probably weighs 100 pounds, it probably took just half a cup of the jungle juice to get her like this. "Guys, I'm so glad you're here! You look sooooooo pretty. Seriously. You guys are beautiful. You deserve a hundred men falling at your feet. I love yall." Madge turns to me and mouths "Wow" at Annie's antics and then turns back to her. "What did you drink and where can I get some?" Annie points at the bar where a large cauldron sits. "The witch's brew. It's delicious. I'm not sure what's in it but it's so good!" Madge fights through the crowd and pours us two large solo cups of the "brew" and holds them over her head as she walks back. She hands me one and before I can even question what is in it I begin to drink. Its sweet but I manage to make out tequila. I shudder at the thought of exactly what was all poured into this. Before I can put any more thought into it, Annie grabs my hand and yells/slurs into my ear, "Let's go outside! Finnick and Johanna are out there." I nod and follow her. I look back to see if Madge is following but I see that she in entranced by my friend Gale who's dressed up as Hugh Jackman as Wolverine, which was just an excuse for him to wear a wife beater and jeans and not shave rather than an actual costume. I step outside and am hit with a gust of wind. It's actually pretty refreshing after being in the packed living room. Annie drags me over to where someone is standing with a jack in the box mascot head on. As Annie approaches however, the person removes the head and Finnick leans down to give Annie a peck. Johanna is smoking a cigarette. I try to stifle my laughter when I see that she is dressed as Pikachu. When I finally register who she is talking to, it's too late to turn around without it being super awkward. I join the group and am immediately greeted with a bright smile accompanied by equally bright blue eyes that seem slightly clouded with alcohol if his own cup was any indication. Peeta wore sweatpants and a white shirt with a rich red robe and a burger king crown on his head. It was very much a lazy boy costume and it only made my face feel warmer to see how the white cotton stretched across his chest. I suddenly felt very aware of just how much leg I was showing. "I really like your costume." The words came out of his mouth and when I looked up I was shocked to see that his eyes were on my legs. They moved slowly up my body before coming to land on my own eyes. Normally that kind of thing from most boys would piss me off. But most boys weren't Peeta Mellark. Peeta Mellark who always said thoughtful things in class, painted beautiful pieces of art (I went to a couple of his shows), and about whom the worst thing that could be said is that maybe he is too nice. Johanna exhales smoke and then throws the cigarette to the ground and grinds it into the ground. "Ugh gross." I whip my head to look at her, "What?" I question. She just looks at me like she's never met a dumber person in her life. "You two are fucking brainless. I'm going to see if there's anything stronger to smoke inside." I look back up at Peeta who is still grinning. He looks at my cup and gasps. "I see you're in need of a refill." He grabs my cup and before I can protest pours half of his drink into my cup. He hands it back to me. Our fingers brush and it's annoying how just the smallest thing about him will set me off. He bumps his cup against mine and quietly says "cheers" We both take large gulps, his eyes never leaving mine. "But really, I do like your costume. I think it has a lot of originality and its very fitting. 'Though she be but little, she is fierce' I think that sums you up quite well." My cheeks burn at his appraisal. I finally find my voice "I'm not sure your costume fits you quite as well." He looks shocked, "What you don't think I look like a king of burgers?" I examine him for a moment. No, he does not look like a king of burgers. He looks perfect. His hair is a mass of blonde waves and his pale skin is so beautiful that it's almost a shame it's on a boy. But his eyes and smile are his best features. If I'm not counting his shoulders, chest and forearms of course. Then the alcohol takes over and I blurt out something I desperately wish I could take back. "More like king of a gym." I want to sink into a hole in the ground. But Peeta good naturedly laughs, "Nah, I think that's Finnick." He gestures over to where he sits in a lawn chair, a sleeping Annie on his lap as he talks to some people that I vaguely recognize. We both take another sip of our drinks. "Oh look at that, we're both in need