I don't own THG and a huge thanks to for-prim for being my fabulous beta! Seriously, couldn't do it without her. Thom couldn't believe it. He had Delly Cartwright on all fours. She tossed her hair back, some of it flying into his face, but he couldn't care less. All he cared about was how flushed her cheeks were, or how her eyes fluttered closed, or the soft pants coming from her lovely mouth that soon turned into moans. Her full breasts bounced as Thom thrust into her. Her hips and ass were right in front of him. He had a firm grip on her glorious thighs and he felt himself near completion. The speed of his thrusts increased and her moans filled the room until finally he… Thom was ripped from his dream. He turned in his bed and immediately felt the wetness of his sheets and sleep pants. He took the pillow from behind his head and pressed it into his face to conceal his groans. Hw was thankful his older brother was off in college, or Thom would have never heard the end of his teasing. He was also glad his younger siblings had a separate room. These dreams kept happening and he didn't know what to do. He often tried to wash his sheets in secret, so as to keep his mom in the dark, but they had been happening with more frequency, and always starred the same girl. He blamed this recent one on seeing Delly bend over in her cheerleading uniform earlier in the week. That shouldn't be allowed. It wasn't fair. He felt bad though. Delly was far too good to simply be a fantasy in his spank bank. She was popular sure, but for all the right reasons. She was nice. He wasn't sure anyone was nicer. She had a smile for everyone and always seemed genuinely interested in what people had to say. When it was her birthday two months ago she brought cupcakes for everyone in the school. Granted the school is a small private Catholic school so there's about 350 students instead of 2,000 like the public school in town. But still, it was her birthday and she was more concerned with making sure everyone else had a treat. He heard she didn't actually get one. You could try to dislike her, but she would probably find a way to win you over. She was too good to star in dreams like that, but then he allowed himself to think about her. Her face. She had long, honey-blonde hair, hazel eyes, and the prettiest smile Thom had ever seen. Then there was her body. Delly was only 16, but she was a woman . She had curves in all the right places. A true hourglass shape. He first noticed when, unfortunately for her but fortunately for him and all the other males in the vicinity, a button on her uniform shirt popped open. She was flustered and tried as hard as she could to immediately pull her shirt together, but not before Thom got a good eyeful of her cleavage. That was the first night she appeared in his dreams. After that, he couldn't help but notice her more, which wasn't exactly hard as she was everywhere. She was on student council, the cheerleading squad, Key club, Spanish club. Plus, she was in his pre-calc class because he was a senior who struggled with math and she's a sophomore on the math/science fast track. There are assigned seats in the class, and they don't sit by each other, Thom reasoned that that it was probably a good thing as he had enough trouble with the class without being distracted by Delly Cartwright sitting near him with her legs crossed. Thom wasn't stupid. He knew that she would never be a real option for him. Delly's father owned a chain of department stores and they lived in one of the nicest houses in town. She got a BMW SUV for her 16th birthday. He only went to the school because he was on a scholarship, which he was always on the verge of losing because of his math grades. Plus, his family is devoutly Catholic and his mother wouldn't hear of him going to a secular school. He was involved in school. Sort of. He joined clubs that didn't require him to do anything like Spanish club and Art club. He mainly just spent time with his buddies Gale, who was also a scholarship kid, but there for basketball, and Bristel, whose family was firmly in the middle class, but they wanted their only daughter to have the best education possible. Thom finally looked up at his clock. It was six am. Oh well, he was supposed to wake up in like 15 minutes anyway. He rolled out of bed and went ahead and pulled his sheets off of his bed and then walked into the bathroom to shower. Before he knew it, he had eaten a bowl of cereal and hopped into his beat up Camry to drive to school. He parked on the senior's row and walked into school. He had a few minutes before he had to get to first period so he walked to Gale's locker, where he found Gale amidst his usual array of female admirers. Gale nodded at him and Thom reciprocated. Some of the girls seemed to turn their attention to him when it became clear that Gale wasn't going to give them the time of day. Thom knew he wasn't a bad looking guy. He has dark hair that began to wave when it got too long, slate grey eyes, and tan skin, although it was not nearly as tan as Gale's. Where Thom's coloring was cool, everything about Delly exuded warmth. Her eyes, her hair, her smile . He was so lost in thoughts of her that he barely registered the bell ringing until Gale nudged him. They headed into their physics class silently walking side by side in long strides, neither paying attention as girls sighed at the sight of them. Thom dreaded physics. He considered physics to be math disguised as science, but last year the diocese had decided to make it a requirement to graduate because apparently it looked really good to colleges to have four years of science opposed to just three. Thom walked in behind Gale and almost stopped in his tracks when he saw Delly Cartwright talking to the teacher, Ms. Trinket. Flashbacks of his dream came flooding into his mind, from her breathy pants, to the sway of her hips, to how her hair felt as he dragged his fingers through the curls. But he forced himself to keep walking to his desk. By the time he looked up, Delly was gone and Ms. Trinket was looking through some papers on her desk. She found one slip and seemed distraught. She looked up and saw Thom watching her. "Oh, Thom! Do you think you could run after Delly and give her this form? She should be on her way to the office to turn in the travel permission slips, but I just found Glimmer's. Please." Oh yeah, Thom forgot Ms. Trinket was the cheerleading sponsor. Thom almost wanted to ask for extra credit for doing her this favor, but he knew that would just earn him a lecture on manners. He stood up, grabbed the piece of paper, and headed out the door, making his way to the office. He tried to convince himself that this is no big deal - he was just going to hand a piece of paper to Delly. She would probably thank him profusely (because it was Delly) and then he would walk back to class. But these thoughts are stopped when he saw Delly stalled in the middle of the hallway speaking to Drake Stephens. As Thom got closer he could tell that Delly kept trying to walk around Drake, but Drake kept stopping her with his hand. Watching Drake place his hand on Delly's stomach made Thom's blood boil. He couldn't stand the prick. He was a senior like Thom, but he was one of those guys who stopped growing after he hit 5'5 which made him pissed at the world for being short. He took it out on everyone else by being a major jackass. This was probably one of the few times that Thom wished Delly weren't so nice, because she probably could have easily brushed past Drake but she didn't seem like she could fully commit to doing it. Thom hated Drake and this just fueled the fire. It was time for him to step up. "Hey Stephens" Both Drake and Delly looked at him and Thom didn't miss the grateful look in Delly's eyes. "I guess you're someone who takes 'pick on someone your own size' pretty literally." Drake scowled at him. Thom knew it was a low blow, to go after his height, but that' was what he got for messing with Delly. Thom approached them and Drake stepped back from Delly. "Of course not that it matters, because we both know Delly could kick your ass, and more importantly that I can kick your ass." Delly looked a little bit in awe of Thom. "Why don't you just get to class before you embarrass yourself." Drake's face was so red, but he heeded the words and moved his ass on down the hall. Thom was left alone with Delly. Right where he didn't want to be. "Thank you" Thom looked down at Delly and she was looking right at him, her hazel eyes shining. "It's no problem. Sorry he was a dick," he said. She nodded, not once taking her eyes off of Thom. This was getting weird. "So, Ms. Trinket wanted me to give you one other form to give to the office." He held the form out to her and she looked down at it in something of a daze. She seemed to snap out of it though, taking the form and adding it to the ones in her hands. She turned her smile on to Thom. "Great. Thank you." He started to back up. "Well I guess I should-" "Will you walk with me?" she asked quickly. He paused - surely he heard her wrong. "What?" he asked "Will you walk with me to the office?" she repeated and placed her hand lightly on his arm. Thom nodded dumbly, unsure of how to respond. Of course he would walk with Delly. He would probably do anything she asked him to. Especially if she asked him to do something while her hand was on any part of his anatomy, especially his- Thom shook his head in an attempt to get his mind out of the gutter. He and Delly walked slowly and silently towards the office. He should say something. Right? "These forms important or what?" he asked and then mentally slapped himself. Couldn't he have come up with something better than that? But Delly just kept smiling and shook her head. "Nah, just that the cheerleaders have permission to ride the school bus to the away basketball game this weekend." She angled her body slightly towards him and asked, "Are you going?" Thom was a little dumbfounded. Was this the beginning a conversation with Delly Cartwright ? "Uh yeah, I promised Gale I'd drive his friend Katniss to see him. I'll probably drag Bristel along with us," he answered as he rubbed the back of his neck. "Good!" She gave a little clap. Jesus, she was a perfect cheerleader. "At away games we can use all the support we can get. " She flashed her perfect smile at him one more time before they reached the office door. "Okay, well here we are. I'll see you-" Thom was cut off before he could finish his awkward goodbye "Wait! Why don't you stay here, and then you can walk