Disclaimer for the WHOLE STORY: I do not own PJO or HOH Chapter 1- Who Are They? Annabeth POV RINGGGGGGGGGGGGGG! Ugh, stupid alarm clock. I can't believe my mom decided to buy it for me. I sat up and got out of bed. I went to my bathroom and took a shower. When I got out I threw on a purple v-neck t-shirt and white shorts. I put on my black converse and owl bracelet, earrings, and necklace. Obsessed? I'd say so. It was the first day of senior year. I was nervous, seniors and freshmen are usually the grades with a lot of pressure. Recruiters from different colleges were coming and giving out scholarships. I hope I get a full scholarship to the University of Michigan or Julliard. They are both amazing schools. I walked downstairs after brushing my teeth and doing my hair. I sat down at the kitchen table without saying anything to my mom or dad or my older brother Malcolm. "Good morning Annabeth, "Malcolm finally said after a long silence. "Good morning, "I said with my mouth full of bacon. My mother made a disgusted face while my dad just smirked. "So, lion head, ready for senior year, "My dad asked and I glared at him. He came up with that name when in one of my school plays, A Midsummer's Night Dream, I played the lion. They told me just to leave my hair the way it was and ever since then Malcolm and my dad won't stop bothering me about it. He chuckled and Malcolm snickered. "As a matter of fact yes I am, "I said feeling very confident. My phone buzzed signaling that Piper and Thalia pulled up to my house. "Oh, got to go, "I said and grabbed my back pack and ran out the house. Of course I have my own car, it's just a tradition that we all drive together on the first day of school. "Hey Annie, "Thalia said as I climbed into the back seat. I glared at her and Piper snickered. "Whatever, "I said. "Hey guess what?" Thalia said. "What?" Piper and I said at the same time. "I've told you about my brother and my cousin right? Jason and Percy?" She asked and we nodded. I have heard a ton of stories about Percy, but I have never seen him. Of course I've seen Jason, Thalia and I have been best friends since the beginning. "Well, I finally convinced them to move from California, and come to our school. They are very talented and they would fit in great. Oh yeah and Annabeth, Percy's pretty cute, "She said and winked at me. I wrinkled my nose. I was not focused on getting a boyfriend; I was focused on getting a scholarship. We arrived at school and got out of the car. The campus was full of high school students. Cheerleaders practicing cheers, dancers practicing dance, singers in their groups warming up their voices, and actors and actresses practicing their lines for the new play their doing. As we walked through the path of the sidewalks we got a lot of waves. We heard a few wolf whistles and girls whispering to each other about us. You see, were the "Golden Girls" of the school. Everyone knows us, and if you don't, you will find out sooner or later. Then there's Drew, Rachel, and Reyna. They think they are the popular ones, but they aren't. They are the Queen Bitches of the school. That's what everyone calls them, even the freshmen who just got here. We walked into the office to get our schedules. "Annabeth Chase, Piper McClean, and Thalia Grace, "I told the lady behind the desk. She looked through the files and got out three and handed them to us. "Have a Goode Day!" She said a little bit too perky. Thalia rolled her eyes but I just gave her a little smile and walked out. My schedule looked like this: Annabeth Chase Homeroom: Mrs. Johnson, Room 1260 1 st Period: Vocal, Mrs. Patterson, Room 1265 2 nd Period: Drama, Mrs. Smith, Room 1267 3 rd Period: English, Mr. Blofis, Room 1261 4 th Period: LUNCH 5 th Period: Math, Mr. Gray, 1262 6 th Period: Science, Ms. Collins, 1263 7 th Period: Vocal, Mrs. Patterson, Room 1265 Locker: 122, Combination: **-**-** I took Piper and Thalia's schedules and looked at them. Piper McClean Homeroom: Mrs. Johnson, Room 1260 1st Period: Dance, Mrs. Brooks, Room 1268 2 nd Period: Drama, Mrs. Smith, Room 1267 3 rd Period: English, Mr. Blofis, Room 1261 4 th Period: LUNCH 5 th Period: Math, Mr. Gray, 1262 6 th Period: Science, Ms. Collins, 1263 7 th Period: Dance, Mrs. Brooks, Room 1268 Locker: 123, Combination: **-**-** Thalia Grace Homeroom: Mrs. Johnson, Room 1260 1st Period: Drama, Mrs. Smith, Room 1267 2 nd Period: Vocal, Mrs. Patterson, Room 1265 3 rd Period: English, Mr. Blofis, Room 1261 4 th Period: LUNCH 5 th Period: Math, Mr. Gray, 1262 6 th Period: Science, Ms. Collins, 1263 7 th Period: Drama, Ms. Smith, Room 1267 Locker: 121, Combination: **-**-** "Wow guys, we have the same academics and lunch classes together. But then for the performing…" I started after getting my locker combination and stuffing all my books in it. "Awe, come on Annie, it will be fine. We will see each other in other subjects. It's not like we don't perform in those either." Thalia said and I glared at her when she said Annie. She was right though. The teachers don't care if you hum or whisper your lines to yourself. They know performing arts scholarships are just as important as the academic scholarships. "She's right, "Piper said smirking. I grinned. "Let's go to homeroom, "I said. We walked through the halls receiving multiple wolf whistles, which just made us roll our eyes. We walked into the class and right when we did: "Annabeth Chase, Piper McClean, and Thalia Grace please report to the front office." Thalia's eyes lit up so I'm sure she knows what's going on. She practically dragged us to the front office. When we opened the door to the front office to three boys with their back to us, talking to the front office lady. "Uhh, hello you said you needed us?" I said to the lady. The three boys turned around and my heart got stuck in my throat. The boy in middle was so handsome. He had black, messy hair that looked like it could not be tamed. It made him look even hotter. The most beautiful thing on his face was his eyes. They were like sea-green, and they were amazing. We stared at each other for a long time until I broke, listening to the lady talking. "Ahh, yes, the "Golden Girls"," The lady said and we blushed, "These are our new students, I'm sure Thalia is familiar with them. Jason Grace this is Piper McClean and Annabeth Chase. Percy Jackson this is Piper McClean and Annabeth Chase, and Nico Di Angelo this is Thalia Grace, Annabeth Chase, and Piper McClean." We all said our hellos because it's polite. "These girls are the most talented girls in the school, probably the most talented students. They are triple threads but Annabeth specializes in singing, Piper in dancing, and Thalia in drama. Annabeth should probably have the most accurate schedule for Jason and Percy. Show her your schedules boys." While they were handing me their schedules Percy and I's hands touched and I felt a little spark. I guess he felt it too because he looked at me and smirked. I rolled my eyes and took their schedules. I looked at Percy's schedule first. Percy Jackson Homeroom: Mrs. Johnson, Room 1260 1 st Period: Vocal, Mrs. Patterson, Room 1265 2 nd Period: Drama, Mrs. Smith, Room 1267 3 rd Period: English, Mr. Blofis, Room 1261 4 th Period: LUNCH 5 th Period: Math, Mr. Gray, 1262 6 th Period: Science, Ms. Collins, 1263 7 th Period: Vocal, Ms. Patterson, Room 1265 Locker: 125, Combination: **-**-** Jason Grace Homeroom: Mrs. Johnson, Room 1260 1 st Period: Vocal, Mrs. Patterson, Room 1265 2 nd Period: Drama, Mrs. Smith, Room 1267 3 rd Period: English, Mr. Blofis, Room 1261 4 th Period: LUNCH 5 th Period: Math, Mr. Gray, 1262 6 th Period: Science, Ms. Collins, 1263 7 th Period: Vocal, Ms. Patterson, Room 1265 Locker: 124, Combination: **-**-** "Wow, "I said, "They have the exact same schedule as me. I didn't know you could sing Jason," I said smirking. He scowled at me playfully. I just grinned. "Nico should have the same schedule as Thalia." Nico handed Thalia, Piper, and I his schedule and we looked over it. Nico Di Angelo Homeroom: Mrs. Johnson, Room 1260 1st Period: Drama, Mrs. Smith, Room 1267 2 nd Period: Vocal, Mrs. Patterson, Room 1265 3 rd Period: English, Mr. Blofis, Room 1261 4 th Period: LUNCH 5 th Period: Math, Mr. Gray, 1262 6 th Period: Science, Ms. Collins, 1263 7 th Period: Drama, Ms. Smith, Room 1267 Locker: 126, Combination: **-**-** "Yes, he does, "Thalia said. "Great! Would you girls give them a tour for me?" The lady said. "Of course, "I said with a smile. "Thank you!" She said a little too perky. We walked out of the office with Jason, Percy, and Nico behind us. "Long time no see, "Jason said throwing a brotherly arm around Thalia and I. "No shit Sherlock, where have you been?" I asked him thumping his head. "California girls were unforgettable, "He sang in a girly voice and Percy and Nico snickered. Thalia and I rolled our eyes. Right when Jason dropped his arms from our shoulders, the Queen Bitches showed up. "Hi!" Rachel said in a perky voice to Percy. Percy looked at her with a disgusted face. I couldn't blame him. "Get lost, "I spat at her. "Shut up Annie beth, "She said. I stepped towards her warningly and she stepped back scared. "Hi, I'm Drew, "Drew said to Nico. Nico just looked at her with the same face as Percy. Sure she was beautiful, without all that make up on. Reyna didn't say anything; she stood there respectfully just staring at Jason, not trying to get in his pants. "We have to get to homeroom, "Thalia said with a touch of anger in her voice. "Yeah so do we, let's go, "Reyna said dragging them away from us. She looked back and winked at me. I silently thank her. We continued giving them a tour. "This is the academics building, the Performing Arts building is on the other side of the campus. It gets crowded but we know a secret way, "I told them. They nodded impressed. We walked into our homeroom class. "There they are, where have you been? " Mrs. Johnson asked. "Sorry, we were giving them a tour around the school. They are new. This is Jason Grace, Percy Jackson, and Nico Di Angelo, "I told her politely. "Awesome! Go ahead and take your seats and wait for the bell to ring, "She said nicely. She was probably the nicest teacher in the world, other than the performing arts teachers. We took some seats in the middle and Percy sat next to me. "So, Annabeth, what are we doing in vocal?" Percy asked me. "Well, were presented our projects today, "I said turning to face him. "Project?" He asked worriedly. His eye brows got all scrunched up and his lips formed into a frown. He actually looks kind of cute. Gah, no Annabeth, don't do it. Just think about scholarships, scholarships well get your mind off of his dark, black hair and sea green eyes… RINGGGGGGGGGGGG! "All we had to do was pick one of our favorite songs and sing it, the projects are usually easy like that, don't worry about it, "I told him. The stupid bell is as annoying as my alarm clock!