A/N: Both Me and Mrs. Jones will be authoring this story. Me writing Paul's pov and Mrs. Jones writing Emmett's. Also, Sanctuary will still be updated regularly. Chapter 1 Paul's POV The movers had just finished unloading when we pulled up to the new house. It was like all our other homes we own scattered across the country. Nothing overstated but, big enough for us both and hopeful any others that would come join us. As yet, we still hadn't met anyone willing to join our pack. I gave Emmett's knee a squeeze, he always hated moving on going from one town to another. We had only just shifted when we were banished from our pack because I was a true alpha and my brother was stronger than me at the time and won the fight to see who would take the position. Emmett and I had grown up best friends and he knew nothing of the pack until he found me wounded in the woods. He phased out of anger right in front of me. He was a beautiful chocolate-brown wolf who was as large as me. Instead of the usual panic we had, he laid beside me and licked my wounds clean. We have never been apart since. Over time we became lovers but, it was not supposed to be this way. We were suppose to have submissives to mate with and bring new blood into our pack. "Do you think maybe this time?" he asked sadly. "I don't know Ems but, I have a good feeling about it," I said giving him a small smile. If we found a submissive our relationship would probably change. As alpha, I would get to choose to mate. My wolf told me to come here to the sleepy town of Forks. There was already a pack in the area. The Olympia pack was the strongest in the country and not one to reckon with. I set up a meeting with the alpha, Jacob Black, for the following day. We would meet at a treaty line one that we could not pass in our wolf form. This would avoid any fighting hopefully but, it was not guaranteed. Unpacking the car, we quickly made our dinner. We had travelled for three solid days taking turns to drive, only stopping to fill up with gas and to eat. The house was surrounded by forest which was important for us. We were miles from the town so we wouldn't have prying eyes. After dinner, we decided to go for a run and check out the area. With the Olympia pack there was very little chance of leeches in the area but, we still needed to check. After all, we were protectors, the reason we had become shapeshifters in the first place. We stripped and I walked towards Emmett, his body big and firm and my cock grew instantly. I wanted to fuck and his wolf was not going to deny me, he never did. Even though he was a dominant like me he needed to fuck regularly. The first time we fucked, Emmett felt shame but couldn't deny my wolf, his alpha. Now, we didn't think it wrong. After all, we loved each other. His cock was already throbbing as I walked taking his head in my hand and pulling him closer, kissing him deeply. Emmett wrapped his finger in my hair wanting more. I tugged on his hair pushing him to kneel before me. Licking his lips, he took my cock in his mouth. "Fuck, you feel so fucking good. That's it, Em, suck my cock," I growled, my wolf happy. My hand pushing Emmett further onto my cock. He willingly went deeper sucking my dick with his large hand wrapped around the base where his mouth couldn't take in. He had become talented at giving head. "Why don't we skip patrol tonight?" Emmett said pulling back still stroking my cock while one hand went to my ball sack rolling my ball in his hand. "God, you make it hard to say no to you," I groaned. "But we need to Em's," I groan as his mouth suddenly took in my ball sack. "Jesus, get up those stairs now but, we will patrol right after," I said pulling him up by his hair. The bastard had his cheeky grin on his face knowing he had yet again, gotten his way. He raced up the stairs me right on his heels smacking his ass leaving nice red marks on it. He grabbed the lube and condoms while I pulled back the sheet and grabbed a towel for afterwards. He was already on all fours when I came back from the bathroom baring his ass to me his hand stroking his cock. "Come on, Paul, we haven't shagged for a week," he growled. "Your such a slut," I chuckled but picked up the lube and liberally apply it to my fingers. "Yeah, yeah, I'm your slut though. Now, fucking hurry up," he growled earning another swat on his already pink ass. "Awe, sorry, Paul. But, please," he groaned. "God, you're beautiful," I whispered pushing my finger into him going straight for his prostrate. I loved watching his face when I brush against it teasingly. "God, you're so tight Em's," I pushed another finger into him and began scissoring him. He was right, it had been too long since we had fucked. I couldn't say mated because we can't mate. We didn't fuck to produce and I wouldn't call it love making. I did love Emmett but, as a friend. I was waiting to find my mate and hoped he would be here. The same with him. He too was looking for his mate be it a woman or a man, he wouldn't care. I however, would have a male, a shapeshifter, to carry the alpha gene. Only male submissives could take carrying our cubs guaranteeing they would be alpha males as well. I could have several mates if I so desired. I could take any submissive from any pack as long as they chose to join my pack. To date, I had not found one that I wanted to join my pack. They needed to be strong and honestly, the submissives I had met so far looked weak and did nothing for me. "Paul, snap the fuck out of it," Emmett snapped. I pulled my fingers out quickly putting the condom on. God, I hate the fucking things and couldn't wait to find my mate so I could stop using them. He would go on heat once a year and then I would choose if we had cubs or not. "PAUL!" Emmett growled. He had turned himself around and took my face in his hands making me looking at him. "God, I pray you find your mate. You're losing it my friend," he said. Pushing him down onto his back I grabbed his legs and put them on my shoulders and slam into his tight ass. God, I loved his heat. He yelped as I hit his prostate, such a lucky fucker. I had perfect aim. I could brush it every stroke if I so wished but, I wouldn't. Not tonight. After all, I wanted to cum as well before he made me slow down. I adjusted myself and slowed it down. Emmett was so gone he didn't notice. My hand grabbed his cock stroking him in time with every movement of myself. Emmett had his eyes closed with his tongue coming out every so often licking his dry lips. My wolf was unsatisfied so I pulled out and flipped Emmett over and slamed into him again, this time I slow and fuck him till he is begging for me to let him cum. "Cum for me, Em. Call your alpha's name," I order slapping his ass. "Fuck yeah, that's it, Paul. Fuck me good, hit that spot," he moaned. He knew better than to tell his alpha what to do and I grabbed his hips and stopped myself completely, holding him so he couldn't move. Emmett whimpered. "Want me to pull out?" I growled. "Shit, no. Sorry Paul," he whined. I could hear that he was truly sorry in his voice. I soothed his ass and leaned down to kiss his back accepting his apologies. Picking up the pace this time, slowly I build us both up and again he is begging for his release, this time asking not demanding it. "Paul, god Paul, please, please, ahhhhhhhhh," Emmett groaned cumming into his hand. His ring of muscle gripped my cock hard, almost painfully. Once again, I grabbed his hips and I slammed into him at an inhuman speed, my wolf pissed he had not asked permission. "God, please Paul," Emmett whimpered. I take control of my wolf and slow the pace. "Almost there," I groaned as I felt my balls tighten up and I shoot my load into the condom. I always came with Emmett but, I was never fully satisfied and it had nothing to do with the beautiful man beneath me, it was my wolf wanting to impregnate our mate. The one that we had not found yet. I never would tell Emmett this however. I wouldn't hurt my friend like that. I pulled out and ripped the condom off, tying a knot in it before throwing it in the bin. Emmett was already cleaning up his own mess. He turns and sits on his ass hissing. I hate when I hurt him but, he also asks for it. Sometimes, I feel he does it on purpose just so he gets that feeling. "Let's check out the area before we shower," I say pulling him up and giving him a kiss on the cheek. We picked up our shorts and tied them onto our legs. We never patrolled without them. It was better to be safe than sorry. Jacob Black had assured me that he had not problem with us in Forks but, we were not welcome if we were in wolf. We headed towards the treaty line and checked out our area. We quickly picked up the scent of the Olympia pack. There were a few of them but, one in particular stood out as a submissive. " Damn, that is one sweet scent, can't wait to meet this one ," Emmet said giving a wolfy chuckle. I had to agree, this one was very alluring. We were both holding our wolves back to go follow the scent. " Lets go back home. Tomorrow we will met him ," I said feeling excited. No other scent had called my wolf so much. " Least we know they have a sub anyway and they are not mated with him that is for sure, " which surprised me. I turned and we had a race home. As always, I won. Emmett not far behind, though. He was getting faster. My wolf might have a challenge soon if he doesn't watch it. Emmett alway said he wasn't interested in being alpha, he was a follower not a leader but, I would never allow myself to relax. Best friend or not, if his wolf wanted to challenge the alpha, Emmett would not have a say. Phasing, we walk inside straight to the showers. "Grubs up," Emmett shouted up from the kitchen. As if on cue, my stomach growled. Wrapping my towel around my waist, I headed downstairs. Emmett was dressed, his hair still damp and going back to its natural curl. Running my fingers through his hair, I thanked him and sat down at the counter and dug into the food. "Paul, you know how there are legends about imprinting? Have you ever heard of anyone doing it?" he asked standing on the other side of the counter eating his meal. I shook my head. It was another stupid legend which I had to listen to growing up. "Thank god, imagine having to stick with one