A/N: Hi! This is not my usual pairing, buuuuut I thought I would give these guys a go together. It was going to be a one-shot but, honestly, I have too much to say for these boys. Huge thanks to my lovely beta, nmydreamz, for her patience and love of fixing my errors! This story is dedicated to a very special person in my life, who has helped me more than she will ever know. My Oma :) Please enjoy, and reviews are always loved… FIFTY SHADES OF RAINBOW Chapter 1 Edward walked around aimlessly after having no luck at the piano, no longer able to play. He hadn't written any new music in months. It was like before he met his mate, Bella, the love of his life. One hundred and fifty years later, the spark was gone. Many changes had taken place within that time. Their beautiful daughter, Nessie, was now married and was a great-grandmother herself to many grandchildren, all who possessed the shifting ability from her husband - Jacob Black. They were back in La-Push as their eldest, a wolf, was ready to lead the new pack. Jacob and Nessie would live in Forks, so he could keep an eye on his cubs. Edward never had a problem with Jacob. In fact, he really enjoyed his company. Bella had gone on a shopping spree, to Paris, with Edward's sister, Alice, and would be away for another month. Those two had become closer over the century. He had been wondering about them for a while, but couldn't see why Bella would betray him in such a away. Jasper now lived in Ireland, of all places, with his mate, Seth Clearwater. The day it happened, Alice was accepting, saying she knew all along that Jasper was only hers for a short time. She came to our family in hopes Jasper would learn to be a vegetarian, so he would be safe around his soul mate. They were deliriously happy, and the Cullen's only heard from them when they came up for air. Esme and Carlisle were in Alaska with extended family, where they enjoyed a few decades of rest from the human race. Carlisle wanted to try new things and was studying to be a dentist, of all things. Rose was still a bitch to all those who were a threat to her. She and Bella still didn't get along. Even after Bella changed, they bickered. Emmett was the same goofy guy he had always been. As Edward thought of his big brother, who was technically younger than him, a smile graced his face but it didn't stop him from feeling restless. Walking to the bookshelf, he ran his fingers over the books in their huge library. Bella had become obsessed with the Fifty Shades of Gray trilogy, having read the books repeatedly. She had replaced them many times over the decades. It was long forgotten by common man now, just a flash in the pan, so to speak; a one-series wonder. Now, you can only find the books in second-hand junk shops. Thunder and lightening lit up the house as the winter storm hit. The season was upon them, and soon the snow would make the world seem a little bit purer because of it. The lights began to flicker, and went out. Not that it bothered Edward, but now the neighbours would come over to borrow candles, like they often did during a storm. To keep up appearances, he lights a few and places them around the room. He smiled, thinking they were truly quite pretty. He sat down and opened the book, hoping his mind would settle, knowing it would probably be mind-numbing. Soon he was immersed in the story and time began to fly by. He was so engrossed in the book he didn't hear Emmett enter the house. "Whatcha doin?" Emmett asked, as he flopped himself down on the couch beside Edward, whipping the book out of his hands. "Give it back, Emmett," Edward hissed, trying to get it off the larger man. Emmett's bulk didn't hinder his speed, even with Edward's mind reading abilities. "Dude, when was the last time you hunted?" Emmett asked, suddenly turning serious. Edward shook his head and grabbed the book. "I'm not hungry, I hunted only yesterday," he admitted. "What the hell are you reading? You're horny. I can smell you a mile away." Emmett sat up straight as Edward pulled his legs up before resting his chin on his knees. If he still had blood running through his veins he would be blushing many shades of red. Again he grabbed the book from Edward, and read the title. A smirk crossed the vampires lips and his famous dimple appeared. Edward groaned involuntarily. Thankfully, Emmett had learnt to hide his thoughts from his younger brother but, from the look on his face, Edward could tell he was going to be taking the piss out of him. He was wrong. Throwing the book on the coffee table, he stood and pulled Edward off the couch. "What are you doing?" Edward asked, conscious of his erect penis, discreetly trying to push it down. "Taking you somewhere to have fun." He walked to the door and picked up Edward's jacket, holding it open for him. One thing Emmett had learnt in all his years was that being a gentleman always paid off. Edward raised an eyebrow, but allowed Emmett to slip his jacket on for him. After quickly blowing out all the candles, Emmett was opening the door, giving another bow as Edward walked past. Curious more than confused, Edward waited to follow Emmett down the path. Pushing the button, the car rose off the ground and the doors opened automatically. With ease and grace Edward slid into the vehicle and waited for the seat belt to slide across his body, to secure him into place. Their cars from days gone past were now stored in a garage, back in Forks, where Jacob lovingly kept them running. They only came out once a year when there was a vintage expo taking place, in Seattle. It was a family reunion of sorts, for the Cullens. Even with the weight of Emmett, the car stayed stable as he, too, slid gracefully into his seat. "Home," Emmett commanded the car. "Miss driving," Edward pouted, as the car maneuvered itself into the traffic. Emmett agreed and they began to talk of their old cars. Edward's Volvo was now worth millions of dollars, not that he would dream of selling it. Emmett's jeep was worth even more, thanks to the rarity of it. Technology had moved fast over the decades and humans now lived on Mars. Seth wanted to go visit but, as vampires and shifters were still a hidden secret, that was impossible. He couldn't take the drug that put people into deep slumber, to keep them from aging while waiting to arrive, so they remained here, on earth. "We can go visit Jacob in a few weeks. Maybe we could hire the old runway and drag race like the good old days," Edward smiled, he couldn't help it. Only Emmett seemed to be able to get him out of his funk. Bella wanted to live away from the rest of the family, but Edward couldn't imagine being away from Emmett for too long. He was his happy place. As much as he loved Bella, she didn't bring sun into his world anymore. The garage door opened and the car pulled into its spot, before resting down on the ground. The doors opened and both men got out and headed to the house. Emmett opened the door wide, and again bowed as Edward passed. Inclining his head in thanks, Edward stepped into Emmett's warm, inviting home. Unlike his and Bella's house, which seemed cold and uninviting, Emmett liked the soft furnishings and the sports memorabilia scattered around his home. He even had a beer fridge by his couch, which was always stocked with beer and snacks for his human friends. Since Rose had left him, to be with Garrett, Emmett seemed lighter and more confident with himself. He took it badly but, with help from the Cullen males, he pulled through and hasn't looked back since. Thirty years later he still hadn't found a woman, although he had many knocking on his door. Standing behind Edward, Emmett pulled the jacket from the smaller man's shoulders. His cool breath tickled the redheads neck, making the hairs stand on end. As he licked his lips, he took unneeded breaths to try and will his cock down. "Thought we could watch a movie," Emmett said, heading to the tv, ordering a movie with just the sound of his voice. "Thought we could do a marathon of Fifty Shades," he chuckled. "Rather we watched something else," Edward chockelled. Emmett scratched his head for a few minutes and ordered a movie, making himself comfortable on the couch; Edward sat beside him. Even though there was plenty of other seating, he wanted to be close. Emmett leaned over and grabbed two bottles from the fridge and handed one to Edward. When Edward took the lid off, he could smell bobcat blood. Much to his surprise, the blood was warm and fresh. Emmett tapped his bottle against Edwards. "Cheers" he said, winking. Edward watched in fascination as Emmett placed the bottle against his lips and took a sip. He watched his adam's apple bob up and down. Closing his eyes, he placed the bottle to his lips and took a drink. He was thirsty and continued with gusto and soon finished the bottle, then slammed it down on the coffee table. Hearing a groan, he turned and looked at Emmett, who was wriggling uncomfortably. Good, Edward thought to himself. "So what're we watching?" Edward asked, accepting another bottle from Emmett. "A movie Seth and Jasper recommended some time back, I haven't watched it yet. Click ," he commanded. Both men got comfortable and the credits began. The movie was old, but it didn't matter. They tended to be the best. Edward was surprised he had never heard of it. He knew all the old movies and had a huge collection, but DVD's and Blu Rays were obsolete. Like so many things now. In a way, it made Edward sad that things couldn't stay the same as when he was only a young vampire, back when things were simple. The first scene had two men meeting at the airport, one picking up the other and kissing him passionately. The couple reminded Edward of Jasper and Seth; the pale skin and the warm russet skin. After the kissing scene, the movie was about a young, gay man who had no luck with love. Not caring that the story was about gay men, both Emmett and Edward settled back into the couch and got comfy. Over the years, everyone had come to accept gay couples as normal. Seth was a huge campaigner for the cause. Over the early years, during imprint, Jasper and Seth helped young men come to accept themselves when their families kicked them out of their homes. It took the pack a long time to accept Seth not only imprinting on a man, but a vampire as well. One look at the happy couple, when they were alone, and the pack knew Jasper and Seth were as happy as anyone could be. The movie had both men intrigued by the story line and when it came to the part where the main character decided to experiment, both men slumped down in their seats. not daring to look at each other. After the scene, Emmett excused himself to the bathroom upstairs. Edward chuckled since Emmett had no use for a bathroom, but felt his pain as his own cock was throbbing. Edward paused the movie and went to grab himself another bottle, impressed that where the blood was stored, it was warm