Hello everyone! This is my first post to Fanfiction so I hope you all enjoy it! This is not all that original a work. It is mainly a tribute to my love of the Lord of the Rings saga. I was trying to think of a good way to use my writing skills to do this, and I always had my own idea of what was going through Aragorn's mind thought by thought on the day of his coronation as King of Gondor and usher of the age of men. This is basically my love letter and tribute of respect for the amazing books and films as well. I have combined elements from both here so I hope that is not confusing. For example I used the encounter between Aragorn and Arwen on the bridge in Rivendell on the eve of the Fellowship's departure which is not in the novels but is a very powerful scene in The Two Towers film. I tried to capture as much power as I could and make this a fitting summary of the triumph that is climax to the saga is. I paid special attention to the love between Aragorn and Arwen and hope that it does it justice. I have poured a lot of myself into this...and also a lot of love for this great work of fiction. So, I hope you all like it and PLEASE feel free to post any comments and reviews! Positive, negative, praises, corrections...whatever! Thank you for reading this small contribution to the vast wealth of fiction that is the realm of Middle-Earth! CORONATION: The End and Beginning of Things His hair fell about his face draping his brow and touching his cheeks. His face and neck itched a bit from the fresh shave that he had just had. His eyes shut, and his mind drifted to times past and times to come and most certainly to times a few moments away. His eyes darted back and forth behind closed lids as each memory flashed and replayed and as each vision of the times that were yet to be hinted in his mind. He knew that when he opened his eyes and stood he would see a sight that would appear as though a dream, and he wanted to be ready to meet it with all the confidence and leadership the title he was about to receive required of him. For him to be able to do that he needed to take this pause. This is why, despite his long, white-haired friend's chiding, he had insisted on this gesture...a moment to bow and reflect just inside the great doorway that separated the white throne room from the steps that led out to the promenade where stood the Great White Tree. His hand brushed across his breast where the emblem of that mighty symbol was emblazoned. He clutched at his chest as though trying to touch his own heart. The ceremonial armor that he wore did not even allow him to feel the muscle of his chest, but still yet he could feel his heart thudding from behind it. The palpitation of his heart was representative of the myriad emotions that coursed through his mind. He felt ecstatic and solemn...honored and humbled...ready yet undeserving. But most of all, he felt the overwhelming sense of weight that this moment carried with it. It was not so much the weight of the moment itself, but it was everything that was required for this moment to be. Never in history had a moment needed to live up so much to what had come before. So much struggle and travail and birthing pains had come to bring about the reign of man upon Arda. As such this needed to be treated with all the celebration and joy as well as the solemn awe of the birth of a new child into the world. But this child was the child of all...the age of man was its name...and it belonged to all...and certainly not just to men. From Eru's first command to the Ainur to weave the song that would birth the world, events had been building to this moment...when Eru would hand stewardship of His great work to those whom seemed to be the least of creation and yet somehow carried what appeared to be the most kind of His favor. It was like all the expectation of proud parents to a new elfling...all the waiting and preparations...and when the moment of birth came...somehow even the stoic, beautifully, artistic elves were unable to find any way of hiding the feeling of confounded awe at the arrival of new life...of a new beginning from nothingness. This was how he felt now...as though he were the nurse maiden preparing to present this new child to the world...this age of man. And it required all the celebration that was due it ...and also those that had struggled and labored so long to bring it about required their due...from the countless ones who had lost lives to Arda itself that had waited long for itself to pass to new stewards that had been prepared for it. In other words he thought, there is no way to know what to do or expect to say on this day...for this is a day of days. A day of days...the culmination of days. Every day before it had led to this day and every day after it would find foundation in this day. And so he said a prayer to Eru to give him strength to be the leader he had to be...to give him actions to honor this day as Eru would give him ability...and words to speak to give this day voice as Eru would give him utterance. He thanked Him for all that led to this moment and pleaded for wisdom to never forget what had come before...and for vision to perceive what lie ahead. He bowed a moment longer. He was unsure how long he had knelt there between the great pillars. Perhaps it had been mere moments. Perhaps it had been far longer. He was most certainly aware, however, of a shifting of weight near him. He did not have elvish senses, but it did not take too much of his natural tracking abilities to feel the quiet impatience of his friend who stood a small distance to his left. His friend's long white staff grinded a bit into the floor as it twisted ever so slightly in its owner's grip suggesting that he was beginning to lean on it somewhat. He knew of course that his friend was possessed of so much power that this change in position was not at all due to any weakness or fatigue but was a completely intentional gesture of a nature that made it quite subtle and yet certainly pronounced. This broke him from his deep thought for a moment and a thin smile crossed his lips as he realized his time of reflection was finished or had better be if he was not to be chided on his first day as king for making his subjects wait an improper amount of time. He inhaled a deep breath and held it for a moment...focused on where he was and the moment that was now here. He shifted on his knee, and just as he did he could hear his friend beginning to make the initial sounds of clearing his throat. He stood to his feet not a moment too soon as he gazed into his friend's strong, blue eyes. They met his own and spoke to him in that way that only he could. There was a sense of parental correction and child-like amusement in this gaze at the same time. His mouth turned upward and downward in rapid succession as if trying to decide which of these two demeanors he would embrace. Finally, he gave in to the latter as was expected. His mouth stayed turned upward and eventually became a smirk until a chuckle developed and finally became the warm, jovial guffaw that he loved so much. It was so much nicer to see him this way than in the serious moments of but a few months earlier. Gandalf reached a hand up onto his shoulder...clutched the shoulder plate of his armor firmly. "Don't you believe you have prolonged this quite long enough?" he said. "It's only been but a few moments." he responded a wry grin crossing his face. Gandalf made a face that seemed to fake surprise. "Moments? No, no...this has been prolonged for millennia." His voice seemed to drift to some faraway place and time. Then, it regained its warmth. "Please do an old man a favor, and let me place this heavy piece of metal upon your head won't you?" Aragorn smiled and nodded his head downward in respect, admiration, and love for his longtime friend and counselor. Then he raised it and turned to the light that shone from beyond the doorway. He took a step...then another...and another ...until he was passing underneath the doorway...then the promenade passed beneath his feet...then the great pillars and arches that encapsuled the promenade stood about him...framing him...and the white steps...and the Great White Tree...all came into view. There was no sound...and yet...there was more energy and expectancy in the silent mass of people spread out before him than he had ever felt in all his many days. His heart almost collapsed at the feeling of confidence, hope...and victory...that the people were resonating in the way they stood, the way there were dressed, the way they held their shoulders high and allowed their faces to gleam. But mere days ago they had carried the weight of the world on their shoulders...the visage of defeat and hopelessness. Now look at them! he wondered. The fact that their shoulders had bourn heavy burdens was still evident. They did not seem light or empty...but they stood as a people who had weathered the worst of storms and because they remembered it they could carry themselves as conquerors of fate and champions of waiting upon hope against hope. This was how they appeared to him now...not as a people who had barely survived and were now relieved and free of care...but as those who knew just how much value they had now because of how close things had come to an end. Aragorn's heart pounded with strong satisfaction at this feeling. He found that he had finished crossing the distance to the beginning of the steps without realizing it. Gandalf arrived at his side and his demeanor had returned to one of ceremonial duty. Aragorn's eyes scanned the crowd. How he longed to rush down to meet and greet friends and revel in this moment together...those such as his dearest of friends Legolas...the loyal dwarf Gimli and his jovial gusto...fair Eowyn whose strength had given him far more inspiration to continue on in dark times than he had ever had the chance to tell her...the good and noble Faramir...a cousin Aragorn longed to know more...and the four hobbits who had turned the world upon its head...but now was the time for ceremony and the beginning of things. He steadied himself, and words formed within his mind from some unknown place... He knelt as so many had before him so long ago. He knelt there in front of the Great White Citadel high atop the most magnificent vista in all Arda...as his forbearers had done. But they knelt as kings of a kingdom among many other races...he knelt as a king of kings...for the time of other races upon this Earth would soon be passing. The iron crown came down upon his head gently placed with all the care of lying a newborn to a night's rest and yet placed with all the authority and certainty that was fitting the most strong of royalty. The crown of Gondor was rumored to be amongst the world's heavier semblances of reign, but