The Inspection on Elfish Labour Conditions Date: November 10, 2005. Time: 14:00h. Inspection location: Malfoy Manor, Wiltshire. Number of house-elves in possession: 4. Visiting inspectors: 2005001 and 2005002. Supervising inspector: Hermione Granger. Family contact: Draco Malfoy. Part 1: First Inspection Chapter 1: Prologue Hermione Music: Another Story, Nicholas Hooper (Harry Potter And The Order Of The Phoenix) "Are you sure we don't have to come with you?" Ron asked for the umpteenth time, eyeing his girlfriend worriedly. He sat tilting on his chair, sipping his tea as he reached for another piece of toast. "Harry can easily make this an Auror-required mission, you know." Hermione sighed and put her cutlery aside with a determined gesture. "Yes Ron, I'm absolutely sure. Nothing's going to happen to me and besides I'm not alone. I have my inspectors with me and they are trained by the Aurors to deal with problematic situations. Besides -" She frowned. "Do I have to remind you you don't even work in the Auror office anymore?" For weeks Ron had been trying to talk her into this and he simply refused to let it go. He didn't understand, though. Not really. This was why she had declined to be escorted by Harry's department over and over. Her remark received a faint mumble in agreement from the bespectacled young man next to her and she shot him grateful smile. He didn't notice though since he was currently hiding behind The Daily Prophet. Probably from Ron's annihilating look. It was clear as daylight that Ron had expected more support from his friend on this. But Harry actually seemed to agree with Hermione, though he was careful enough not to let himself drawn into their discussion. "Still, I don't like it," Ron grumbled as he sat back in his creaking chair and folded his arms before his chest in a displeased manner. But Hermione only shook her head at this and brought her dishes to the sink. Mrs. Weasley's bewitched dishwashing brushes immediately set to work. She gave Ron a quick peck on the cheek. "That's your problem. Get your cloak, Harry. We have to get going." In a matter of seconds the two of them arrived at the Ministry of Magic, emerging from one of the enormous fireplaces in the Atrium. It was six weeks until Christmas and during the night the Ministry house-elves had adorned the stern Atrium with dozens of festive Christmas trees. Hermione waved her goodbyes to Harry and began to feel her way through the masses of civil servants heading for the lifts. It took her several minutes before she reached the lift that would take her to the fourth level and she suppressed a relieved sigh as the doors closed. After completing her education at Hogwarts almost seven years ago, Hermione had enrolled in the Ministry of Magic's Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures thus finding a way of, as Ron always put it so encouragingly, getting paid for her loony obsession with house-elves. Within a year, she had managed to cause quite a lot of disturbance in the once so sleepy office by initiating several projects aiming to improve the lives of house-elves. The latest development was something she'd been working on for two years - the establishment of the Inspection on Elfish Labour Conditions, which was something she had copied from the Muggle world. The inspectorate was to supervise and uphold the sharpened regulations on the treatment of house-elves. Regulations that had been drafted by Hermione herself. Once the Minister had indulgently approved of her little project, she had started to select and train the inspectors making sure that they would receive a thorough training in defensive charms by both Aurors and Hit Wizards. Though Ron seemed to take a different view Hermione was actually well aware of the dangerous situations the inspectors might come across while performing their duties. After all, most house-elves worked for the wealthy, old, Pureblood wizarding families whose ties with the Dark Side during the war had been a given. That's why she had decided to accompany them in the first place. It wasn't that Hermione did not appreciate Ron's worries about her safety but it stung that he seemed to think she needed protection after all they'd been through. At least Harry trusted her ability to deal with problems if and when they might occur. She had tried to explain to Ron that the presence of Aurors during the inspections would only bring damage to the support for the new inspectorate. But if he chose not to accept that, she wasn't going to fight him over it. Murky daylight coming in from the enchanted window welcomed Hermione when she stepped into her small office and with a flick of her wand she put on the lights while several scrolls appeared on her clean desk. Within moments she was emerged in her work and Ron and his objections were forgotten. It seemed that only minutes had passed when Hermione looked up from a proposition she'd been writing at the sound of knocking on the opened door. Standing in the doorway was a bespectacled man with unwieldy dark hair whose line of work normally didn't bring him to the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. Hermione smiled and put down her quill. "Harry. What can I do for you?" Her smile faltered when she noticed the contemplating look in his green eyes as he stepped into her office and awkwardly sat down in the uncomfortable chair opposite her simple desk. Apparently he didn't know where to begin. "You know I'm fully supportive of what you do, don't you?" He finally asked without so much of an introduction. He didn't seem to expect a response. Hermione's smile slowly disappeared. Inconspicuously she drew in her breath as she braced herself for the confrontation she'd already expected to come. Seeing the look on his face she knew that he was serious about this. Harry adjusted his characteristic National Health glasses and gave her penetrating stare. "Having grown up in the Muggle-world like you I think I understand better than Ron what you're trying to achieve here with the position of house-elves." Hermione nodded in agreement. Every primary school pupil in the Muggle world had learned about anti-discrimination and equal rights. "But," he added, "I also think Ron's right to worry about you." Hermione pressed her lips together in a stubborn way Harry was well familiar with. She wasn't going tot change her mind on this. "I know what I'm asking of myself, Harry, but I'm not changing my mind on this. The inspectors need my guidance with this," she replied a bit sternly hoping this would end the discussion but Harry wasn't so easily put off. He leaned in. "Listen, Hermione," he said on a low voice, ignoring her words. "Are you sure you want to do this? What you're asking of yourself?" His bespectacled green eyes looked hard at her and Hermione realised that he saw through her, having always been the more observant one between Ron and him. Ron had merely been worried about 'those filthy Death Eaters families' she had to encounter and to be honest, she had been secretly glad that was all he seemed to fuss about. Harry however knew. And he wasn't prepared to let her go without serious reconsideration. She swallowed back a lump and lowered her gaze. "I've been back to Hogwarts, Harry, and that was for a whole year. I think I can manage this one too," she replied with a slight tremble in her voice as she finally touched upon much deeper motives underlying her resolve to go. Her gaze met his in a silent plea for understanding. For a few moments in which silence descended upon the small office Harry held her gaze, gauging her until he sighed and ran a hand through his hair. Hermione let go of a breath she didn't know she had been holding as she inconspicuously wiped away a stray tear that had formed in the corner of her eye. Harry didn't show it if he'd noticed but instead untangled himself from the office chair and went to stand by the enchanted office window, hands in his pockets as he looked outside with a dark expression on his face. "Then do you know what you're asking of them, of him, Hermione?" He argued gravely. "Their situation is already precarious as it is and your plans might as well bring more damage to them than it will do to you. You know they can't refuse Hermione Granger even if they want to. Are you prepared to bear responsibility for that too?" Hermione stilled. Watching Harry's back she knew she hadn't. Not one moment had it occurred to her - the risks her plans might hold for him and his family. All she had been thinking about was the inspectorate and herself when she should have taken this into account as well. Harry was especially protective of the family he owed his life to and he was right to be. Suddenly Hermione's resolve, which had been solid as a rock, slipped away like sand through her fingers. Ashamed, she bowed her head and her voice sounded a bit choked when she promised, "I... I will keep that mind." For a moment Harry was silent. Then he gave a heartfelt sigh and turned around. And as Hermione looked up at him pleadingly, she registered the sadness in his eyes. "Let me do this, Harry. Please. I need this." The day of the first round of inspections Hermione got up before everyone else, discovering that the landscape around the Burrow glistened with freshly fallen snow under the disappearing moon. The first snow of the season. Quietly she got dressed in warm wool robes and put on a scarf with the emblem of the Ministry embroidered on it. Ignorantia juris neminem excusat , read the bronze motto surrounding the letter M resting on her chest. Ignorance of the law excuses no one. A motto appropriate for the task ahead, Hermione thought fleetingly as she plodded through the freshly fallen snow toward the Apparition shed. She had already Apparated to her first destination before a hesitant light at the eastern sky announced the new winter's day. Hermione was well pleased. All morning she had been accompanying the Inspectors on Elfish Labour Conditions and all had gone well. Even though old, pureblood wizarding families like the Notts and the Puceys naturally hadn't welcomed the inspectors with open arms they hadn't thwarted them in any way either. The fear for Hermione Granger still ran deep within those families who had supported Voldemort in the past. The state of the once great houses had filled Hermione with slight melancholy. So many family members had been sent off to Azkaban and the estates and manors had become quiet and run-down. The empty places on the walls told a silent story of forced sale of family heirlooms in order to work up the severe reparation payments while the goblins at Gringotts had often frozen the bank accounts of the few who were left behind. It felt like a relief to be able to leave behind the downcast Pucey Estate and Apparate to Diagon Alley for lunch. But as the young inspectors chatted away cheerfully Hermione only fumbled with her sandwich. A growing tension had nestled inside her stomach and as she tried not to look at the clock every five seconds she wondered if it was true what she'd told Harry the other day. Was she really ready for this? Months of preparation had taken her to this moment and she had defended her resolve before Harry for dear life. But now that it had come her courage rapidly seemed to seep away with every second on the clock ticking away. Trying to distract herself she focused on the conversation between the two youthful inspectors and found out that they were