Alright! So this is my first Twilight Saga story. I originally wanted to write and Edward/Bella one, but I just got so attached to Leah after Breaking Dawn, and I felt people hated her for no reason, so I wrote this instead after having a dream about it. There will be a lot of flashbacks, so just to warn you on that. Rating may go up later. Each Chapter will be names after a song, and a part of the song will always be in the chapter. So yea. If I repeat artist too much. I'm sorry. Write your own story. And yes, the beginning is from the end of Eclipse. Disclaimer: I do not own any of these characters! Except Gabi, she's mine, well not really she's my friend Sese's lol, but yes! She's not Stephenie Meyers. "Jacob do you think this is going to take too much longer?" I demanded impatiently. Like anyone in the pack I knew everything. I knew why he came here, and though I knew for a fact all he wanted was to be left alone, I still went against his will and forced my company on him. I had to put a stop to this. Believe it or not I still had some particle of me that hoped to one day become sane, but Jacob's thoughts about his beloved leech lover were ridiculous! I couldn't stand it anymore! His Every thought made me nauseous, and through I refused to admit to him and even myself, that I knew exactly what he was going through, and worst of all—feeling, I had to at least try and persuade him to stop. "Jump off a cliff Leah" he calmly said, pointing to the cliff at his feet. "Really kid" I said spreading myself onto the ground next to him "You have no idea how hard this is for me" "For you?" he started "You have to be the most self-absorbed person alive Leah. I'd hate to shatter the dream world you live in, the one where the sun is orbiting the place where you stand so I won't tell you how little I care what your problem is. Go. Away." I rolled my eyes. "Just look at this from my perspective for a minute, okay?" I asked making as if I hadn't heard a single word he had just spoken. Yea I know I was in fact self-absorbed. I had to be. No one else cared for, or about me, well…not anymore. And if you're thinking about my dear beloved mother, you're wrong. She was so excited helping Emily plan her dream wedding with…well she just didn't really give a rats ass. So now it was up to me to make myself feel important. Okay, so I went a little overboard sometimes, but what was the harm if everyone thought I was a heartless bitch anyway?! I then heard Jacob laugh. "Stop snorting and pay attention." I snapped. "If I pretend to listen will you leave?" he asked, my face automatically forming a scowl. I stared at him as he looked at my face, and I suddenly remembered those times so far away, when Jacob and all the other boys in the reservation would just drool whenever they saw me. I knew for a fact none of them thought of me like that. Well sometimes…. he did. I felt my scowl, coordinated with my temper, heat up. "This is making me sick Jacob. Can you imagine what this feels like to me? I don't even like Bella Swan. And you've got me grieving over this leech lover like I'm in lover with her too. Can you see where that might be a little confusing? I dreamt about kissing her last night! What the hell am I supposed to do with that?" "Do I care?" "I can't stand being in your head anymore! Get over her already! She's going to marry that thing. He's going to try to change her into one of them! Time to move on boy." "Shut Up" he growled. Well if I wasn't going to win this argument I was going to take this beautiful opportunity to make it enjoyable, you know? Fun. Well, for me at least. "He'll probably just kill her anyway." I sneered "All the stories say that happens more often than not. Maybe a funeral will be a better closure than a wedding. Ha." I smiled smug. If everything else I had told him didn't get to him, I knew this definitely would. Hopefully he would finally realize that I was right and would finally out the whole pack out of its misery. The role of pathetic ex-significant was already taken. I watched intrigued as he closed his eyes, concentrated on trying to stay together and not phase. My smile only got bigger as he opened his eyes and looked at me. It was only a joke. "If you're upset about gender confusion, Leah…" he said. Slow. Emphasizing each and every word that came through his lips. "How do you think the rest of us like looking at Sam through your eyes? It's bad enough that Emily has to deal with your fixation. She doesn't need us guys panting after him too." I immediately felt the pain shoot across my face. He had me. And what was worse was that I knew he was right. I scrambled to my feet, paused to spit in his direction, then turned and began making a run for the woods, my body trembling, waiting for the monster to rip itself out of my skin. "You missed" I heard him say. And that did it. A tremor ran down my spine before I heard a tearing sound. Shit. Well, there went my clothes. I exploded. My grey fur replaced my bronze skin. Mine and Jacob's 'conversation' kept playing over and over in my head. It's bad enough that Emily has to deal with your fixation. She doesn't need us guys panting after him too. A deep growl formed in my chest. Jacob's house soon came into view. Outside, Billy black was in his chair looking at me, his face somewhat uneasy. I stopped at the edge of the forest and stared back at him breathing heavily. A new emotion flashed across his face. Concern. He tilted his head to the side and then back upright, signaling me to go to the back of the small house, before he went back inside. I surreptitiously made my way to the back door, my eyes scanning the area for any human who didn't know the Quileute secret. I stood in front of the back door. I heard the locks click, the knob turn. The door opened, revealing Billy with a pile of clothes on his lap. "Here. These are Rachel's." he told me, instructing me to lower my head "You two are about the same size." I nodded my head grateful, and he took the opportunity to place the clothes on my muzzle. He then closed the door giving me some privacy to phase back and dress. I lowered my head, letting the clothes fall to the ground. I groaned in pure frustration and circled the Black's backyard a couple time to cool off. I walked back to the door, took a deep breath and closed my eyes, concentrating. I then felt myself turn back into my human form, and exhaled. I quickly picked up the t-shirt and jeans from the ground and dressed. "You decent?" Billy's deep voice asked from the other side of the door. I opened it and nodded. "Yeah." I whispered looking down at my feet to avoid his gaze. "You—uh…You wanna…talk?" he asked like any other concerned father. I finally met his dark brown eyes and shook my head. It wasn't that I didn't confide in Billy Black. No. On the contrary, he had become like a father to Seth and I since ours passed away. Now he helped my little brother and I understand and 'embrace' our new way of life. But as any other 'normal' father-daughter relationship, there were still some things I just couldn't talk to him about. This was definitely one of them. He took a deep breath. "Alright" he told me. I knew he knew what it was more or less about. He wasn't exactly okay with it, but he judged me less than anyone else. "I'll call you mother so she won't worry. Now…you go ahead and rest in Jacob's room." He said already wheeling away from me and heading for the phone. "Thank you" was my simple answer before making my way to Jacob's room. Being here was a million times better than being at home. My mother was just as disappointed about my 'fixation' as anybody. "Don't you want your cousin Emily to be happy?" she asks me as if she wasn't aware of what had happened. She would just give me long speeches and asked a thousand questions. Billy didn't, so I definitely that I was better off here. I slowly walked into the small room and strode my way over to the bed. I crawled in and sat with my knees pulled up into my chest, while I wrapped my arms around my legs and rested my chin on my knees. I leaned against the wall and looked out the window. This all just wasn't what I had expected. I grew up thinking I was normal, that the stories dad used to tell Seth and I were just stupid superstitions. I was happy when I was in high school. All the guys thought I was beautiful, but after they noticed I wasn't the easy type, they stopped bugging me. So they were 'popular' and I wasn't. I didn't want to be and I didn't mind. I tried to make myself as invisible as possible. I didn't exactly like the harassment offered by guys. Then I saw him. Sam Uley. I flinched as his name crossed my mind. Of course I had thought of him, but I had refused to think or say his name. When I saw…Sam, everything changed. I'd known Sam for a long time. With a population of roughly 400 people, it was embarrassing if you didn't know everyone by name. We grew up together. My father always helped Sam's mother out since she was raising him on her own. We were best friends in elementary school, but when he moved on to middle school, I was left in fourth grade without him, and we naturally drifted apart. When I hit middle school we both had different friends already but that didn't stop me from having a crush on him. But again, he moved on to high school, and I was left in seventh grade. I moved on. The crush I had on him was still there. But I naturally had crushes on other guys, and I eventually forgot about him. Then I hit high school. Like I said: All the guys thought I was beautiful, but after they noticed I wasn't the easy type, they stopped bugging me. So they were 'popular' and I wasn't. I didn't want to be and I didn't mind. I tried to make myself as invisible as possible, and I had only made one true friend. Gabriella. She was the best friend I could ever ask for. She was probably the only white kid from New York in the reservation. But I greeted her into the Reservation and then, we became inseparable. But back to my original point. I didn't exactly like the harassment offered by guys. But halfway thorough the year, I saw Sam again…and I didn't want to be invisible anymore. He wasn't the dorky little boy I played with on the beach, or the gangly little kid I used to play house with. He wasn't even the little boy who proposed to me when he was ten, and being the grossed out seven year old I was, I naturally said no.