H arry Potter: Time Re-Written The war is over. Too bad no one is left to celebrate. Harry makes a desperate plan to go back in time, even though it means returning Voldemort to life. Now an 11 year old Harry with his 32 year old memories is starting Hogwarts. He vowed to make all his enemies regret the day they crossed him. Can he get it right this time around?. Chapter 1: The Cupboard Under The Stairs Harry let out a pained groan. Waking up had never been this hard. His eyes seemed to be clued shut as he attempted to wrench them open, and his limbs seemed to be made of lead. He could already tell he had succeeded in his mission. Looking around he had a strange sense of déjà vu as he found himself back in his cupboard under the stairs at Number 4, Privet Drive. He forced himself into a sitting position he grimaced at his meek, half starved body as his clothes hung off his frail frame. All his hard work with the blood rituals he par-took in had become undone. Which meant that he would have to go through hours of pain and magical exhaustion to repair the years of neglect and malnourishment that his loving relatives had caused. Breathing out an irritated sigh he shrank his clothes which consisted of a long sleeved black t-shirt underneath a baggy Slytherin green t-shirt with black combat cargo pants and a pair of ratty old trainers. He looked that a street urchin and that was putting it lightly from his perspective. After making himself presentable he used intentional accidental magic to unlock the cupboard door and entered the kitchen. It was dawn the sun was beginning to rise. If he remember correctly the Dursleys wouldn't be up for another couple of hours yet. He picked up a pen and a scrap piece of writing paper and wrote. ' Ms. Gladstone dropped by earlier this morning needing an extra pair of hands to help with her prized chrysanthemums. I volunteered. I didn't want to spoilt Dudley's big day. Since I know that old Mrs. Figg broke her leg after falling over one of Dudley's racing cars. Which means she would be unable to look after me this morning. And it was too short notice for anyone else to watch me. Ms. Gladstone said that she had some house chores needing done to so I'll be too busy to get into any trouble whilst Dudley and his friends are at the zoo'. After re-reading his brief note he quickly jotted down. Harry crept out of Number 4, Privet Drive to the bus stop and waited patiently for the The Knight Bus to arrive. It wasn't long as he sat in the same place he had done in just before his third year after he had unintentional blown up his Aunt Marge. The Knight Bus pulled to a shrieking stop causing Harry to wince. Stepping onto the bus hesitantly as he flattened his messy nest of hair to conceal his famous lightening bolt scar from the elderly bus driver and curious conductor who smiled cheerily at him "Welcome to the Knight Bus. Emergency transport for the stranded witch and wizard. My name is Stan Shunpike. I will be yer conductor for this morning". He said handing Harry his ticket as he held onto the railing for dear life whilst the sleeping witch who was snoozed beside him oblivious to the rather uncomfortable journey as the bus flew down the muggle street with unimaginable speed rocking and thrown an unbalanced Harry around. Stun Shunpike looked at Harry with something of familiarly. He just couldn't but his finger down on who the kid actually was. Given that they had never met before "What did you say yer name was again?". " I didn't". "Well then whereabouts are yeh headed?" Stan replied. " The Leaky Cauldron". " What yeh headed there for?" He inquired. " I received my Hogwarts Acceptance letter, yesterday. I wanted to make an early start in getting all my school supplies so I could be better prepared for my classes". Harry lied smoothly knowing full well that his Hogwarts letter wasn't due to arrive for another four weeks. " Sounds like you'll be a Ravenclaw. I was in Hufflepuff myself. So what's yer name?". Harry replied nonchalant "Evan Jameson". " Can't say I've ever heard of yeh" Stun replied clueless to whom he was really conversing with. Harry heading for the doors to exit the bus as it pulled up next to The Leaky Cauldron. When he entered the Leaky Cauldron, he was relieved when no one give him so much as a second glance as he weaved through the tables and up to the bar. "Excuse me" He said in a meek voice. Tom turned around and looked down at Harry. "Yes, lad?. You're rather young to be out at this time in the morning by yourself aren't yeh?" Harry resisted the urge to roll his eyes. He was working on improving his small, scrawny eight year old appearance. For now, it served his purpose. People underestimated him. He couldn't wait until he rectified the damage that had been caused by years of gross neglect and malnourishment. " Are yeh lost?". " I don't think so, sir. This is the Leaky Cauldron isn't it?" Harry waited for Tom to nod. The man finally did as Harry had hoped before he continued "My aunt told me to ask for Tom so that he could show me the gateway to Diagon Alley, because I don't have a wand yet, and she doesn't have any magic" Harry lied hoping that the old man would fall for his lies. "Are you Tom, sir?" Harry asked. " Well, lad, you're in the right place" Tom said as he abandoned his rag on the bar and stepped out from behind it. "Just follow me". He told Harry. " You're starting Hogwarts, this year?". " Yes, sir. I'm very excited". Harry was telling the truth. He was looking forward to going home again. He trailed behind Tom like a puppy and followed the man out into the alleyway that lead to Diagon Alley. Tom smiled at him and tapped the appropriate brick to open the gate. "There you are. Good luck to you". " Thank you, sir" Harry stepped the portal and heard the bricks close up behind him. Diagon Alley looked just as brilliant and magical when he visited for the first time. He wandered around a bit and allowed himself to gape. He was suppose to be a kid, right?. He had missed seeing Diagon Alley look this way during the war. He smiled to himself and felt at home for the first time in years. No one was staring at him. He was just some random wizard. A nobody. He had to admit he loved the feeling. Gringotts was his first stop and he hoped that they would allow him access to his vault. All his plans hinged on having access to his vault. He knew Dumbledore had his Gringotts key, but he knew the goblins had magic different from wizards. Perhaps there was something they could do that would allow him access to get some money without the required key. He put his hand down as he climbed the stairs up to the grand entrance doors. The uniformed guard at the door bowed to Harry and Harry gave him a small nod back in acknowledgement. He dodged around the people milling around in the lobby and went up to a rather bored looking clerk who was eyeing him with a look of disdain "Excuse me, sir?" He asked in a polite tone. " Yes, sir" The goblin asked with a rather sinister looking smile. " This is my first trip to the magical world" Harry started. "I was muggle raised. My non-magical relative was only able to tell me a few things about our world. My Aunt mentioned that I needed a key to access any bank accounts, but she wasn't sure if one existed. She told me to ask the bank. May I ask you?" Harry explained. " Your name, sir?" The goblin enquired. Harry glanced around quickly making sure that he would not be overheard "I'm Harry Potter. The Heir and Head of the Noble and Most Ancient house of Potter" The goblin, narrowed his eyes suspiciously before paging through a large book at his left. No one appeared to have heard his name. He let out a breath and smiled a bit. So far so good he hadn't been exposed. " You do have an account here with us, Mr. Potter. Two in fact. One is a trust fund that has a total currency o f 8 ,602 Galleons. The other is a family account. You may only access your trust fund until your seventeenth birthday that has a total currency of 242,938 Galleons" The goblin said "Does Mr. Potter have his vault key?". " No, not I do not sir, I believe it is in the possession of my magical guardian, Albus Dumbledore at this moment in time. Is there any way that I could gain access to my trust fund without the required key?" He asked uncertain. " Yes, a drop of the blood should ought to do it. All you need to do is prick your index finger on the lock. However I must warn you should your claim on the Potter vault be false-" A nasty gleam appeared in the goblin's beady eyes "The security mechanism will be triggered to prevent thieves entering the vault". He followed the goblin down the carts and enjoyed the ride as much as the first one. He loved the carts and was happy that they had not changed at all and probably never would. The cart slowed down at Harry's vault and stopped. The goblin hopped out. Harry opened the lock that was magical animated. It was a dragon. Harry yelped as the dragon bit his finger as a fat droplet of blood welled and dripped into the lock. The lock glowed and then snapped open unlocking the vault. The goblin looked mildly disappointed as he opened Harry's vault. "Here you are, Mr. Potter". He said with a small bow. Harry stepped into his vault and looked around. It was the same as the first time he had seen it. He accepted the small bottomless bag that the goblin handed to him and gathered two large handfuls of Galleons into it. When Harry resurfaced from the underground vault. He had a hundred galleons exchanged into muggle money. He left the bank a good deal wealthier and had claimed his rightful status as Heir of the Noble and Most Ancient House of Potter by having the goblin fetch his inheritance ring. The ring is gold with potter crest and roaring lions around the band that he placed on his left index finger. He headed straight for Ollivander's he needed his wand. He entered the dusty old shop and looked around. Suddenly, he felt someone creep up on him from behind. Harry quickly turned around. Staring up at a man with white hair and the most incredible blue eyes he had ever seen. "Good morning, Mr. Potter" Ollivander said beside Harry. " Hello, sir" Harry said "How did you…?". " I know almost everyone who comes in, Mr. Potter. You've come for your wand?" Ollivander moved away and snapped his fingers. The tape measure buzzed around him and started taking measurements. "Which is your wand hand?". " I'm left handed". Harry answered, fighting the urge to bat away the tape measure. " I see. Well, let's give it a go!" The tape measure dropped to the floor as Ollivander piled several boxes onto the counter. Harry then endured almost twenty minutes of having wands snatched away from him before Ollivander gave him his well remembered statement of "I