Disclaimer: Everything you recognize is purely J.K Rowling's and will always belong to her. The song Hermione sang on her wedding day is called 'Enjoy Your Stay' by Daiyan Trisha. She's a local singer in my country, Malaysia. You can search this song on . THE STORY OF US "Scorpius Lucius Malfoy! Get down this instant!" from the kitchen he heard her voice bellowing at their first born. He chuckled at the thought of her mien while trying to reason with their son. The woman he fell in love with despite six years of hatred, no, not hatred, envy that leads to the insults, torment or anything that get along with that. She was so perfect. She had anything that he never had. A hero of a father, a loving mother that cared for her, a lot! Well. Of course he had a loving mother too. But she never stood up for him. When he was being punished, he says, by his father. He often ended up with bruises, not to mention, cuts and wounds that can never be healed by magic. That results in scar of course. His mother would come to him after the punishment session, and tried everything she could to soothe her son's pain, mentally and physically. Yet, he was flabbergasted by how his wife could accept him, just the way he is. With the scars of the past that still haunts him in his sleep. All the nightmares that would wake her up in the wee small hours of the morning, trying to calm him, to get him back to sleep. This woman, the very same woman he despised, a lot of year ago, was now his wife. His most beloved wife. He would trade all the fortune the Malfoy family had for generations for her. Nothing, absolutely nothing can replace Hermione Granger. Well, Hermione Malfoy now. He still wonders, what made her fall for him. He was a Death Eater for god sake. Even though by force. Thank god, he decided to stay at the light side. Forcing his mother to come with him considering the hell of a father he had died in his hand. He still remembered the look in his father's eyes when he pointed the receiving end of his wand and muttering the deadly curse. He never felt remorse. His mother was devastated of course. Even though there is no sparks between them, he was still her husband. He was the man whom she was married to for almost twenty years by the time of his death. "Mister Malfoy!" the voice that he loved woke him from his trance. "I'm already tired of babbling to Scorpius, not you, now." She was pouting. "Oh I'm sorry darling. I was just, I remembered something." He told her. He grabbed her wrist and pulled her on his lap. "What is it? What are you thinking off?" she asked while stroking her now bulging stomach. She was now four months pregnant of our second child. "Umm… nothing. Now, what did our dear Scorpius did just now. I can hear your sweet voice from miles away." He tried to turn her from the subject even though he knows he would not succeed. "Well, the son of yours was climbing the window bar. Well, now that he is asleep, I have all the time in the world to hear your stories." Right at the end of her sentence, her stomach growled. With this second pregnancy, she eats a lot. Thankfully she's not picky this time. But still, she eats a lot. She got up to fetch some food but her husband stopped her. "Let me do it. Now, what do you want to eat?" being a loving husband he was, he offered to fetch her most needed food. "Well, I want some sandwich. With lots and lots of peanut butter and strawberry jam." She ordered. Just as he moved towards the kitchen, she cried "Oh, and a mug of hot cocoa, please." She flashed her dazzling smile that he fell in love the first time he met her. Yep, you heard it. He was in love with her the first time he met her. But because of a foul of a father that he has, he had to suppress his feeling until after the war. She was one hard woman. Easy to please, but very, very hard to catch. Despite the insufferable know-it-all temperament that she had, he always felt that she was the right woman for him. The insults he threw at her all those years ago were because of the envy he felt towards her. He always came second in their class. Except for potion of course. And for every time he lost to her, his father would punish him. That was another reason that contribute all the torment he threw at her. Every time he hurt her, he felt miserable. But he couldn't apologize. He could never find the time to actually confront her, and tell her how sorry he was. He often found himself stuck in his room thinking about how awful he had been towards her. It's not like he wanted to do it himself. He was obligated to his family line. As what his father called it. Flipping Malfoy line. Suddenly, he felt warm hands slithered around his waist. "What are you thinking, love? Don't give me 'nothing' for an answer. I always knew when something is bothering you." She said. He untangled her hands and turned towards her, putting her hands back at their rightful place, around his waist. He stroked her cheeks, and placed a warm, lingering kiss on her sweet lips. He parted from her and looked at her, deep in the brown eyes that he loved. "I... I was just thankful. Thankful, I guess. For having you as my best friend, my wife, as the mother of my child. Children. " He corrected and chuckled. "I love you." He breathed into her mouth and kissed her again. "Now, now love. What's been bothering you? Tell me every bit of it or you'll be sleeping on the sofa." She threatened him. "Oh how very Slytherin of you." He purred. "I was reminiscing of our time in Hogwarts. Before, during and after the war." "Oh you mean when you were so fond of calling me the M word, insulting my bushy hair and how hideous my teeth were?" she asked playfully. "Yeah." He confirmed it. "And every time you got every answers right, and when you surpass me in every exams. And when you smile your dazzling smile at the stupid jokes the Weasel throws. Oh I did saw it you know. Every smile you flashed during meal time. Every one of it." She retreated from him, with a shock on her face. "Who are you and what have you done to my husband?" with that, he laughed and hugged her again. "I didn't know you stalked me during our school period." "Excuse me. Malfoys do not stalk." He looked stern and then he laughs again. "Well, now you know." "That's not all of it. Pour everything. But first, hand me the sandwich and let's sit on the porch. I love warm summer nights." "I know you do." He placed two mugs of hot cocoa on the coffee table and sat beside his beloved wife. "Pour. Every single thing. Don't leave a bit in your head. Even though I've heard of it. Now." "Merlin. You're still bossy." With that he earned a playful slap on his arm. They laughed. "Well. If you insist." He started. "Now, now Draco. Do not ever engage in any sort of relationship with a mudblood. If I ever heard of it, you'll know your fate." His father warned him with a stern look. Malfoys never show their emotions. He received a letter from Hogwarts last month. Well, of course he will receive it. He's a pureblood. One of the oldest pureblood families in the whole wizarding world. Whoever does not know about the Malfoys? His mother just nodded. Agreeing to every sentence that came out from his father's mouth. Never ever say no to anything his father said. Sometimes he thought his father had put the Imperius curse on her. The train whistles blow. It's time to go. He shook his father's hand good bye and hugged his mother. He boarded the train and proceeded to sit with his childhood friends, Crabbe and Goyle. Pansy is nowhere to be seen. He was thankful for it. He never liked that girl. She's to annoying for his liking. She's not in his league. Too dimwitted for him. The she notices a large mane, passing through his compartment. He never thought a hair could be that ugly. When he was immersed with the conversation between him and Crabbe and Goyle, their compartment door was opened. By non-other than the bushy-haired girl he saw earlier. "Have you seen a toad? A boy named Neville lost it." She asked. The boys were too shocked to answer. "Excuse me? Do you hear me?" 'My god. Bossy, aren't she?' He thought. "Umm, who are you again?" He asked. "Oh, I'm sorry. Where are my manners." She mumbled to herself. "I'm Hermione Granger. And you?" she offered her hand to shake his. "Granger? I've never heard of it. You must be a muggleborn?" he said. "Indeed I am." She answered. "Well, if you didn't know. Why, of course you didn't know. You're a mudblood. How could you know?" She was astounded. Hot tears prickled her eyes. The boys laughed heartily. "I am Draco Malfoy. I am a pureblood and you sure don't deserve to be friends with me. Now get out of my sight. I'm not getting a mudblood disease. That is the last thing I wanted." He laughed, followed by his thick friends. With that, she ran away to her new friends. Harry and Ron. But, he felt something. He was rather young but, looking at the watery eyes of the bushy-haired girl, he felt like running up to her and hugged her tight. Apologizing for the thing he didn't mean at all. It was because of his father. He needed to avoid befriending any muggleborn who offered their friendship. He now knows that she couldn't love him. Not after he called her that foul name. He now knows that he lost her before he could have her. And he hated his father because of that. But he was too afraid to stand up before him. He was afraid to say no to the right hand of the Dark Lord. "Well. That was the first time you called me the M word." She said. Not looking hurt or anything. "You know I'm sorry, right? I'm not that person anymore." He kissed the top of her head. She now had a tamed curl. Not the bushy, frizzy hair anymore. She sure aged well. "I know, honey. I forgave you a long, long time ago. Besides, it's not your fault you were like that. It's your father's. He was so obsessed with power." She looked up and kissed his perfect lips. "It has been five years. That's not long. Well, I know. Can I skip the part when I got beaten the life out of me for being second after you? I really don't want to remember anything related to that. After all, I got the scars to remind me." He said, touching his torso. "Okay. Tell me when you realized you really loved me." She said. Smiling at the fond memory she has from her point of view. It was the beginning of the seventh year. As usual, she was immersed in a large book she called 'light reading'. She was under the big tree beside the Black Lake. The giant squid was swimming happily like he had nothing to worry about. Well, of course he is. He is a squid. He does not have NEWTS and he does not have