Disclaimer: Everything that you recognize is purely J.K Rowling's and will always belong to her. BEFORE I MET HER 11 years old (1991) I love father and mother very much. Everything I wanted, I got it. I already had a broomstick, the fastest and the most expensive one when I was seven. And every time a latest version of the broomstick was introduced, I was the first one that laid my hand on them. And when I was eleven, I had almost 7 broomsticks. I already received my Hogwarts letter. I wasn't sure how to react as I'm already a Pureblood. Why should I bother? I already have the magical abilities and that surely ensure me a place in Hogwarts. Father wants me to go to Durmstrang though. But mother doesn't want me to go there. Mainly because it was far from home. And they teach the students the dark arts itself. Not the defense from it. Father loved that, but agreed to mother instead. Father and mother brought me to Diagon Alley just before the school start. I got the best of everything. The latest version of the books that I'm sure only my family could afford it. I had the best robes from Madame Malkin's too. I got plenty of cauldrons of different sizes and material even though I'm sure I'm just going to use the school's cauldron. Next thing I got was my wand. When I got hold of it, when it chose me, I felt that my body was tingling with its magic. Then I asked father for a pet snake to bring to Hogwarts. As usual father just gave me what I want. He also got me a beautiful eagle owl. He has black and grey feathers. The color that I like. I named my pet snake Orion, and my owl Maverick. It was my first train ride to Hogwarts. I sat with my usual friends. I knew them because when our parents spent time together, I was forced to spend time with them. There was Crabbe and Goyle. I couldn't imagine a bloke that was thicker than both of them. And then there was Parkinson. She was the most annoying, stupid girl I've ever met. And guess what? I was betrothed to her. Like I would marry her. But I know I don't have a choice. Or else father would punish me. I remembered how painful the cruciatus curse when it was inflicted on me last year. The pain was excruciating. All I did was knocked Parkinson out of my way. She was being annoying. And like the little annoying bitch she is, she cried loudly. Father brought me to the dungeon, and crucio me. When I cried because of the pain, he would crucio me more. Now I managed to stifle all the pain that curse cause me whenever I get punished. We arrived to Hogwarts at night just before dinner. While waiting for some professor to escort us, the first years into the Great Hall, I noticed a raven-haired boy. I walked to him and offer my friendship. He was the one and only Harry Potter. Along the way, I insulted his new friend, the poor Weasley boy, with the hand me down robes and things. I also managed to insult a bushy haired, buck toothed girl standing beside him. She was a mudblood. She deserved that. After all, just by the look at her, I already know she was bossy. Only a Malfoy can be bossy. No some filthy little mudblood girl. But to my surprise, he declined the friendship I offered. From that day, I swore that I would despise the very ground he walked on. Along with his filthy mudblood, and that poor mudblood lover. Halfway through the year, the mudblood managed to be the teacher's pet, goody two shoes and an insufferable know-it-all. I always liked it when she managed to make Professor Snape deduct point from her house when she couldn't keep her answers to herself. At the end of the year, the Slytherin won the house cup, but the bloody old bat decided to add points, when I say points, I meant a lot of points to the Golden Trio. Just for saving a bloody stone that Voldemort was after. The cup ended up as the Gryffindor's. From there I know that that bloody trio would always act on their bloody stupid act of Gryffindor's bravery. Golden my arse! As soon as I was home, father brought me to the dungeon. I knew the reason. It's because I ended up the second in the class. This is the filthy mudblood's fault. I had to muffle my scream and tears the pain had caused. After he was done, I was dismissed. I locked myself in the room. When mother asked to come in, I just said no. She never stopped father from punishing me. Sometimes I wonder if she ever loves me. Just a little would suffice. I asked the house-elf for a painkiller potion, and act as usual when she said the dinner was ready. I couldn't wait for September. I just want to be away from this abusive home. 12 years old (1992) It was September. I managed to avoid any cursing from father since the one he inflicted upon me when I got back from my first year. This year, the Quidditch team proposed me to be their seeker. I can't wait to beat Potter at catching the snitch. When I owled father about the news, he was, fairly delighted. He even bought me and my team mates new broomsticks. The latest ones of course. I'm pretty sure that it must have cost him galleons. Not that few hundreds galleons will be missed though. It wouldn't affect the trillions left in our account. It was the first practice for the Slytherin team. Fortunately, Snape already had given us a written permission to use the pitch that evening. When I was bickering with the Scarhead, the mudblood interfered. She said I bought my way in to the Slytherin team. How dare her. 'Nobody asked for your opinion, filthy mudblood.' That was what I said to her. Then the stupid Weasel had to back her up and tried to curse me. Guess what? The curse that was meant for me backfired to him. What did he curse me again? Ah. 'Eat slug!' he said. He ended up puking out slugs. Big one I tell you. Eww. Just talking about it made me want to vomit. Its Slytherin vs Gryffindor match. We entered the pitch announced by whoever speaking loudly. And clearly, he was a biased speaker. He favored the Gryffindors. Well, that was not my concern. The snitch was my concern. I had to make Potter lose this time. But something funny happened. Potter was chased by a rogue bludger. He ended up with missing bones as that fraud of Lockhart did it. I caught the snitch, and we won by chance. But I'm still not sated as I didn't get enough competition with that bloody Potter. Hogwarts were currently in abyss. Few mudbloods were petrified. There was writing on the wall saying something about the heir of Slytherin and some secret chamber. It was written by blood. And few weeks passed there was a new writing. Saying about some girl's skeleton will lie in the chambers. The beast that went everywhere petrifying mudbloods was a basilisk. Whoever set it out must hate mudbloods very much I reckon. But the Scarhead, being a stupid git he managed to kill the beast and it was the Weaslette he saved. But thanks to him and his stupid bravery, the exam was cancelled. I went home in fear, in case father decided to punish me for, I don't know. I'm starting to despise him but I'm still afraid of him. Until now, I had experienced a lot of dark curses by him. Most of the scars are still bleeding. I had to change the dressing often with the help from Blaise and Theodore. I'm quite ashamed of them, I insist to do it myself at first. They discovered me trying to reach the wound on my back, but to no avail. They offered to help me but I declined. But being the best friends they were, they insist. From then, whenever they saw me not in my mood, they'll know what happened. They were invulnerable to my insults anymore. Eventually, I just let them help me. Blaise and Theodore was my roommate. The other bed weren't occupied. The last occupant was too weak to receive all my insults. Not that I cared for him. I'm grateful for Blaise and Theodore, though. But that Parkinson girl, Merlin, I don't know a person that were capable of being annoying like that. She tailed me all day and kept calling me something like Drakey, Drakie-poo. God, I hate her with all my heart. I must find some other Pureblooded girl, beautiful and witty to match my good look and brain. I know if I manage to introduce the woman I like that match father's criteria, he would cancel our betrothal. But of the entire girl he knows at Hogwarts, none of them match Granger's wit. Somehow, when the girls were busy chasing me, begging for my attention, Granger would glare at me and walk away. When the girls would hideously fake their so-called decent laugh, Granger would snort and insults me to her heart's core. He found the girl he wants. But she's not a Pureblood. Oh god, what's got into me? She's a mudblood for god sake. I must forget about that, about all the thoughts about her. 13 years old (1993) A mass murderer escaped from Azkaban. The train was stopped halfway to Hogwarts for the dementors to check. I found out that Harry bloody Potter passed out after an encounter with one. I can't wait to torment him next time I meet him. Dumbledore said we got new care of magical creatures' professor. It was the oaf that's been living in the hut near Forbidden Forest. The first lesson with him was the bloody ridiculous lesson ever. Hippogriffs. Whatever magnificent with that creature. The Scarhead was smug enough he got the thing's approval to pat him and rode him through the Hogwarts sky. I got annoyed and went straight to the beast but that bloody chicken got startled and hit me with its talon on my arm. I told my father about that though. That thing is going to be sentenced to death. I was peering down to the beast before it was killed. Granger and her faithful twin boys came down. I provoked them and nearly got hexed by Granger. When the Weasel said something I don't quite catch, she lowered down her wand. I was about to laugh when a slap landed square on my face. I was shocked and ran from there threatening my companies to not tell anybody. Unfortunately, the beast escaped and that oaf was not fired. This is indeed the worst year of my school period. Somehow, what I felt last year, came flooding through my mind now. It felt like a broken dam. You know, when the water flowed from their destroyed case. Yeah, it felt like that. It hit me straight to my face. I think I was growing fond of Granger. I noticed that I never call her mudblood once this year. She being the usual bookworm she is beat me again on the exam. I came second in the class just few points after her. Guess what? I got punished with a new dark curse this time. I was out for two weeks. But this time, I didn't despise her. I pure hate I felt for her earlier subsided. Even though I got punished because of her. She was my match. The qualities I found in her, I couldn't found in another girl. Even how many times I searched