Disclaimer: Sadly the elves aren't mine. Or anything else. Well now that my self confidence is just oh so boosted let's get on with it. a/n: I did mean the "..." after Legolas spoke partially of his mother. I want you as a reader to take it whatever way you want so I left out what my personally opinion of what happened her. Legolas, son of Thranduil of the woodland realm should have known better than to have been consumed by the presence of the trees. His home while still beautiful was dangerous in it's darkest hours and from birth he had known well to keep all of his surroundings in complete awareness. But these trees had been untainted by darkness and this soil had been foreign to which the young elf could hardly contain his growing curiosity. He had been told by his adar he had once visited Rivendell long before this but he had barely been fifty at the time and that was before his naneth had... Now he was 1,623, just barely reaching in maturity as the child roundness of his face began to shape and his long slender limbs began to become firm with muscle. The elves of Middle Earth had gathered under the infant spring sky in celebration of a new millennia. King Thranduil, much to the amusement of the other elven lords and ladies, failed in keeping his son's interest in the politics of their formal introduction for the spring festival as he had squirmed and fidgeted throughout most of the council. And so it was that he had been released of his duties as prince of Mirkwood and found himself in this mystical forest. Having made fast friends with the twin sons of Elrond, the three had set out to release their abundant amounts of energy and for several hours they had ran, wrestled, challenged, and finally, after the alliance of Elrohir and Legolas, Elladan had been unceremoniously tossed into the water with the two others following shortly after. Letting the bright sun dry the water in his long hair, droplets trickling down to the small of his back as the young prince pulled his tunic on he left the twins to their current competition to see which one could be dunked first, his curiosity finally getting the better of him. Placing his palm on the bark of the closest tree Legolas breathed in deeply placing his forehead against it. The trees greeted the young elf with welcome and praise for they had not seen this child since he was a mere babe. Letting the wind give kiss to his skin and radiating love to the elfling the presences of the trees swallowed him whole. Legolas had never been to a place where the trees were so joyous and free. His face aglow and his inner light at peace he crept through the forest. Mirkwood's trees were tired and spent but strong unlike these trees that were full of life with a healing touch and wise with age. And it is the reason of the elf's distraction that caused the following events. Jumping from log to boulder and further away from the splashing twins Legolas paid no heed to his surroundings, something he would berate himself for later. Jumping up on one rather large rock he carelessly let himself drop before the trees cried out a warning. But it was to late and with a loud TWANG Legolas cried out. "Legolas!" Elrohir called hearing the prince's shout as the twins ran through the trees. Elladan, two steps in front of his brother, bulked as he halted catching Elrohir around the middle. "Stop!" Legolas gasped clutching at his leg. "Someone has set up traps." Crumbled on the ground Legolas's leg was ensnared by a large metal trap that bit into the flesh three finger tips above his knee causing the blood to soil his leggings and the rich earth under him. "Go get Ada! Quickly Elrohir!" Elladan hurriedly ordered giving the younger twin a slight shove. Elrohir spun on his heels running through the trees and out of sight, a grim frown marring his fair face. Legolas was pale and trembling with pain as he bit down on his lip. Shaking hands reached the snare but as the tips of Legolas's fingers touched the rusted metal the pain immediately shot back up through his leg and he arched his back going rigid on the spot while a smothered cry barely escaping the passage of his throat. "Legolas?! Are you well?" Elladan called taking a step forward stopping again as he looked around waiting for the reaction of another trap only taking a long calming sigh when nothing happened. Legolas breathed out a clenched "I'm fine" but the son of Elrond was not convinced. Not willing to leave his friend in pain, Elladan searched for some way to make it to Legolas without stepping on anymore unseen traps. "Hold on, mellon nin! I will go to see if there are anymore traps from above!" And with that Legolas was left alone silently cursing himself for his own stupidity. The creeping darkness in his mind alerted the prince of his current predicament and his only ability of a reaction was to gingerly place his hands above the wound mere centimeters away from the snare and hold tightly to his leg, blood coating his fingers. "Oi!" The shout made him jump and this time he couldn't help the strangled cry that escaped his lips. Turning Legolas felt his heart begin to thunder with panic as a group of men stalked closer in his direction. From the looks on their faces they hadn't expected to find Legolas in their trap and the elven prince couldn't help but feel absolutely vulnerable pinned and without any type of weapon. "What's that?" "Tis' an elf!" Another gasped staring at Legolas with wide open eyes. His name was Ailwin and he was of simple upbringings, his eyes never having been graced with the sight of such race of beauty before even though his residence wasn't more than two leagues away from Rivendell. His companions, Bertram and Guy, were of the same as they had grown together and learned to hunt all kinds of creatures of the woods. Guy slowly took an approaching step only for the elf in front of them to hurry away glaring at the four hunters in defiance. Fourth of them being Fabian who had yet to say a word giving the whole situation a cynical eye. "He is hurt." Guy stated holding his hands up calmly approaching the elf once more. But the elf merely pulled back ignoring the cry of outrage his leg was sending him. "It is alright." "Careful, Guy." Bertram warned staring at the elf with uneasiness. As amazing as it was to see such a creature he wasn't about to let his friend fall because his heart was too great for his common sense. "It's alright." Guy repeated ignoring Bertram and bending down on one knee. Touching the snare, Legolas flinched gasping as the pain radiated along his entire side his eyes growing heavy as it almost became to much to bare. Guy sent him an apologetic look and went to trap again. Placing both hands on the jaws he casted one glance over at the elf before swiftly prying open the trap. Legolas whose eyes were clenched shut felt the pressure lift and all but ripped his leg towards him, blood now flowing freely down the deep gash. "See." Guy held his hands up once again taking off his pack and pulling out a shirt, going to wrap it around Legolas's leg. But instead Legolas merely snatched it from him giving him a critical eye before quickly wrapping it above his wound silently. "Now what do we do with him?" Fabian finally spoke not hiding the pure agitation from his face. He did not plan to deal with elves today and he couldn't possibly think of a good outcome for this current twist on their end. "Leave 'im be." Bertram said grimly. "It's no business of ours what an elf is doing alone and it probably knows the trees even more than we who have learnt how to fire a bow here. He should be released of our minds as he is that trap." "We cannot just leave him!" Guy argued turning towards his friend. "Aye. He is injured." Ailwin added siding with his friend on the ground. "It ain't good on the conscious to leave any man without a good leg to get home." "What should it matter?" Fabian stated exasperated. "The trap was laced with a sedative he won't be awake for long for us to decide either way." And true to his word Legolas began to feel the soft dulling buzz creep into his head whispering calming soothing words in his ears. At first he had thought it was merely loss of blood but as Fabian's reveal had come to pass he quickly struggled to stay alert. "Which is precisely why we cannot leave him alone!" Guy reasoned. Bertram groaned aloud setting a look on Guy as if he were explaining something to one of the children of the village. "He isn't of our concern, Guy, we are not his kin." "This will not end well." Fabian muttered more to himself than the group. Despite the argument that he apparently had no say in, Legolas gritted his teeth and with lightning speed pulled the dagger from its sheath on Guy's hip sending the man toppling on the ground and stumbled up on his feet. His leg crimpled from underneath him to which Legolas muffled another cry grabbing at his leg and ran further away from them. Black spots danced across his eyes and the elvish prince fought to keep hold of what little of consciousness he had with him. Ignoring the shouts of the men behind him he pushed on. But soon his leg no longer held any strength for him and he crashed to the ground hard, tense for a moment before dropping limply into the darkness that was wrapping his mind completely with a blanket of unconsciousness. "It isn't right!" Legolas groaned his senses dulling to a slow throb. A moan escaped his throat as the throb became more apparent and the pain from his leg stung his entire side. The crackling of fire didn't help sooth the young prince either and the tree that his back was pressed to urged him to fully awaken. Blinking quickly Legolas looked up remembering the earlier events of the day. His heart suddenly began to beat faster while his senses cried out in alert at him of his dyer situation. The night sky was his only greeting of consciousness as the glistening stars shown down on him. His arms tied around the base of a tree and a thin rag had been wrapped around his mouth silencing him. Neither would release. Legolas refused to feel the defeat of his hopeless situation. There had to be some way to get back to Rivendell. Here he was without a good leg nor anything to defend himself with strange men and he needed to think of someway to get away from here. Why was he here anyways? His leg pulsed with pain and he was barely aware of what was going on around him as the sedative had yet to completely leave his system. Oh that was right, Legolas grimly remembered. They hadn't decided on what to do with the elf. "He's waking up." The four men by the fire turned towards the now captive prince each with their own opinion of the situation on the matter clearly stated on their face. Legolas squirmed against the complete attention trying to ignore them as he pulled at his bindings but as if sensing this Guy turned back to the fire unable to hold his glance anymore. "I will not stand for this much longer, Fabian."