DracoMalfoyForever2015 - So this is my first time ever writing anything related to Harry Potter. I hope I'm able to get the characters right and etc, but please know that this will focus on an OC as the MC. Please also note that although I just recently joined, I'm familiar with Fanfiction. I just wanted to make an account dedicated to Harry Potter stories. Well without further ado, here's my first Harry Potter story, enjoy! A bundle of blankets sat on the doorstep of a home. Inside the bundle of blankets laid a child. A little baby girl, only a year old. A figure crouched beside the baby and placed an envelope in the blankets. "Until we meet again…" a gentle voice spoke. The baby rolled over in the blankets and the figure stood. The dark street was suddenly lit once again and the baby girl stayed sound asleep. The family living here would be in for a surprise in the morning… Eleven years later… "What are you?!" a man's voice cried. "What have you done to our little girl!" a woman's voice shrieked. A child stood in front of them, staring at them in confusion. Her light blue eyes were large and wide, her blonde hair sticking to her face from the dampness, and fear was etched into her face. "I-I don't know. I don't kn-know what just ha-happened." the girl stuttered. "We should have known. We were warned about you." the woman said. "Mom?" "Don't call me that!" The girl took a step back, as if she had been hit. But her mother's word had hurt and it was evident on her face. "We were warned. I just thought it would be a sick joke, but no…you've got a demon in you." "Momma…" "I'm not your mother! I never was! You were left on our doorstep one night!" "Wh-What?" "We were told you were special. We just thought that meant you had survived a tough pregnancy…never did we think…" the man said, shaking his head. "I…I'll be good." The girl took a step towards her parents, who backed up further into the corner they were in. "Stay back!" The girl bit back the tears that were threatening to fall. Her parents were scared of her…but apparently they weren't her actual parents. She had been left on their doorstep…she wasn't their actual daughter. They were terrified of her…thinking that she was possessed by a demon…was she? She didn't even know what had just happened. It was so strange. They had all been getting ready to go celebrate her eleventh birthday. She had been running down the stairs and had accidentally knocked one of her mother's China pieces down from the mantle as she came into the hall. It had shattered and in her haste to fix it before her parents saw, it had started to float in the air. Her mother's scream had caused the pieces to go shooting towards her parents…and the rest…was well… "I-I'll go…but can I have the letter?" Her mom nodded and stepped away from her husband's arms. She was careful to avoid going too close to her daughter and hurried up the stairs. "Dad?" she asked softly, looking at her father. "Don't. Isabella, just don't." he muttered, not even looking at her. His voice was void of any emotion. It felt like he had just slapped her in the face. "I'm sorry…I didn't…I didn't mean to." Footsteps coming down the stairs made Isabella look up. Her mother extended her arm and she took the envelope that was held out. "Leave now," her mother said. "Please…I'll be good. Don't make me leave, momma…please." "You're not my child anymore. Something's taken you away from us. A demon or the devil." "Momma…" "GET OUT!" her mother screamed. Isabella looked at her parents, her eyes welling with tears. "I'm sorry…" she muttered as she took a step back, before bolting for the door. She ran out into the pouring rain and kept running until she couldn't run anymore and collapsed under a bus stop. "What's wrong with me?" she questioned as she dug the envelope out of her pocket. She removed the letter within and unfolded it. She wiped her eyes before she began to read. Dear Gretchen and Steven Black, I am sorry to have left the child on your doorstep like this, but due to circumstances it was a must. Her name is Isabella Marie, she's one. I ask that you take care of her, she's a special girl who will need a loving family. That was all the letter contained. No name, no signature, no wishes to tell Isabella that they loved her, nothing. Isabella shivered and pulled her knees to her chest. She stared out at the road, watching the downfall of rain. "Happy Birthday to me." she muttered. What was she going to do now? Her parents had basically kicked her out and she was only eleven! They were too afraid to have her in their house. Where was she suppose to go? The police? The foster home? Just stay under this bus stop? She didn't know what to do, nor did she care. All she felt right now was confused and hurt. As she wallowed in her thoughts, she jolted hearing a voice. "Sorry, didn't mean to frighten you. Are you Isabella Black?" an elderly man asked. She nodded her head mutely as he held out an envelope. "I was asked to give you this." "Thank you," she said, taking the envelope and watched as he walked off. Isabella looked at the envelope. The envelope was thick and heavy, made of yellowish parchment, and the address was written in emerald green ink. "Wait…" The address read: Miss I. Black…The Bus Stop. "What?" She shook her head and noticed no stamp. Maybe she knew that old man? She decided to flip the envelope over and saw a purple wax seal. The seal had a lion, an eagle, a badger, and a snake all surrounding a large letter H . She ripped the envelope opened and pulled out the letter and read: Dear Miss Black, We ware pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress Isabella stared at the letter. "So…this means that…" "No way…this can't be real. You're dreaming, Isabella. You're going to wake up and this will all be a horrible dream." She pinched her arm and felt it. She slapped her face and felt it. "Nope…I'm fully awake." I'm a wizard…well witch since I'm a girl? This is insane! "Magic doesn't exist, right? Right?!" But that does explain what happened. The China pieces floating and then going towards mom and dad…well not really mom and dad, but they're the only people I know as my parents… Isabella sighed and wondered what she was going to do. There was no return address, so she couldn't respond to the letter, but then again it had said owl… "Wait!" she cried as her eyes darted back to the letter. "No later than July thirty first! That's tomorrow!" A throat was cleared and Isabella looked up to see an elderly man with a long white beard and hair to match. He worn long robes, a pointed hat, and half-moon spectacles. He was an odd sight to see. "Hello again, Isabella. I see you've gotten your letter." he greeted. His voice was gentle and friendly. Warm and welcoming. For some strange reason, Isabella wasn't frightened by the strange elderly man in front of her. She actually felt calm and peaceful. She felt as if she knew him. "Umm…yes sir. But I don't really understand what's going on." Isabella admitted. "Well of course. You grew up away from the lifestyle that you're soon to be experiencing." "Magic is real?" "Yes, it is. You, Isabella, are a witch. I see that the Black family reacted…differently then intended." "Erm yes…I have nowhere to go. I believe they've disowned me, sir." "Worry not my dear, I have a plan. That is if you wish to attend Hogwarts." Did she want to attend this Hogwarts? Well her family had disowned her…What more did she have to lose? "Yes sir, I would like that." "Very well," He extended his hand and Isabella took it and pulled herself up. "Sir, may I ask your name?" "Albus Dumbledore, my dear." "Hold tight and don't move." Isabella confused at the words, but obeyed. She felt as if her body was being pulled and twisted in ways that shouldn't be possible. She squeezed her eyes shut. When she opened her eyes she saw that she wasn't at the bus stop anymore. "Blimey…" she muttered, feeling nauseous. She took a deep breath and calmed her stomach. She looked around and noticed that she was in what appeared to be a house. A very well off family had to live here, judging by the interior of the house. "Oh! Hello Albus!" a woman's voice greeted. "Hello Lauren." Dumbledore greeted. The woman was breath-taking with her beauty. She was wearing a knee length pencil skirt that was a cream color, a black blouse, and black flats. Her blonde hair was falling pin straight across her shoulders, her make up done naturally. She carried herself confidently, her head slightly raised and her shoulders back. "Is this the girl?" she asked, looking at Isabella. "Yes, this is Isabella Black." "Isabella this is Lauren Greengrass." Dumbledore said. "Hello, it's nice to meet you." Isabella greeted. "It's lovely to meet you as well." "Daphne!" A girl appearing Isabella's age appeared. She was pretty to only be eleven. She was slim and her skin fair. She had pretty blonde hair pulled into a neat bun and blue eyes. She was dressed in a pair of jeans and a pretty dark purple blouse with black flats on her feet. She, too, carried herself as gracefully as her mother. Isabella felt undressed in the presence of the two women. She was wearing ripped jeans and a graphic tee with sneakers that were falling apart. To top it all off she was still drenched from the rain and her hair had dried and was stringy instead of its usual shiny appearance. Isabella tugged at the hem of her shirt, nervously. "Daphne, this is Isabella. Isabella, this is my daughter, Daphne." "Hello," the girl greeted. Her voice was polite, but Isabella couldn't tell if it was real or fake. "Nice to meet you." Isabella replied. "Daphne, could you lend Isabella an outfit?" Daphne nodded her head. "Follow me," Isabella looked at Dumbledore and Daphne's mother, who both nodded at her. Dumbledore's eyes twinkling and Daphne's mother giving a small smile. Isabella walked over to Daphne and followed her through the house. "Wow…" she muttered, softly. "You're not from around here, are you?" Daphne asked as they climbed a set of stairs. "Erm…no. I'm not…I'm not exactly sure where I'm even at." "I didn't mean- You're a witch?" "Yes…I'm still wrapping my head around that." "So you didn't know?" "No?" "I've never met a Muggleborn." "I'm sorry, what?" "Muggleborn. It's a witch that has parents that aren't a witch and wizard." "Oh well, umm I- my parents weren't my actual parents." "So you're adopted?" "Yes…I just found that out today, too…" Isabella said, frowning. "I'm so sorry!" Daphne cried. "I've been insensitive and pried in your personal life. Mother's going to be disappointed." "Daphne, it's fine. Honestly," "It's still peculiar that a witch would end up in the hands of Muggles." "Muggles?" "Regular folks…non-magical." "Oh…" "Here we are. This is my room," Isabella followed Daphne into the room. A four poster bed caught her attention. The bedding was white with a golden color trim. White painted dressers, a large window looking out into the front yard. "This is your