This is a draft of my story, the result of my effort at National Novel-Writing Month. Even this disclaimer/introduction, because I am that cheap. I say again, it is a draft. Towards the end, it gets very scattered and full of random notes. It shifts from actually story to plot summary at random intervals. I believe I repeat myself many times over. Also, I fear the characters are a little assassinated. Severus Snape is not enough of a bastard (don't get me wrong, he's an understandable and somewhat admirable anti-hero, but I like poor Neville better. Let's call a bastard a bastard), Lily has been possessed by Hermione (Muggle-born who knows everything and is unstoppable with magical spells), Remus has more angst and trepidation than he should (I apologize), and James and Sirius are indistinguishable from Biggs and Wedge. Don't get me started on the Lord of the Rings characters. But I hope you can enjoy it, and please give me your opinion about the characterization and where it seems to be headed. Cheers! "Heads up, Snivellus!" Severus Snape ducked and whipped out his wand as something exploded on the wall to his left. Peter Pettigrew was already halfway down the corridor, his shrill giggle echoing slightly off the walls. Interesting that he'd had the guts to do that without Potter or Black around. Severus scowled as he straightened up and examined the smear on the wall, ignoring the other students now hurrying away. Bubotuber pus. How nice. And since most of the school believed that James Potter had "saved his life" the previous week, Severus couldn't complain to anyone without appearing, as Lily had put it, "ungrateful." He swore under his breath as he scooped up his fallen book bag and continued down to the Great Hall. He sat down at the edge of the Slytherin table, declining the seat Avery offered with as much politeness as he could manage. He'd been in a bad mood for most of the week, ever since Potter had dragged him out from under the Whomping Willow, kicking and cursing. Potter had gotten bashed in the head by a swinging branch and landed a night in the hospital wing. Severus had gotten detention and an even worse reputation that he had already. He sighed and pulled out his potions textbook. He just couldn't deal with people right now. "Something got you down today?" "Lily!" he smiled in surprise and slammed his textbook shut. It was rare for her to seek him out at lunch. "How are-- Hello." She smiled warmly at him, ignoring the several nearby Slytherins who were giving her icy stares. Severus hesitated a moment, then gathered up his things and headed out of the hall with her. "You didn't need to do that," she said that in a tone of concern. "I wasn't going to stay, I just wanted to ask you something." "Don't worry about it, he assured her. "What is it?" "Well," she hesitated, leaning against the stone wall of the corridor, "remember a few weeks ago I was worrying about my Divination O.W.L.? I said not to, because Divination's a waste of time. You either have the gift, or you don't. Why do you ask?" "Because," Lily started, and then lowered her voice, "after that you mentioned the Potions O.W.L--" He laughed in disbelief. "How can you possibly be worried about Potions?" "I'm not!" She blushed slightly. "I know you and I are both well-prepared for that." She was referring to the hours they'd spent practicing and quizzing each other in Slughorn's classroom every evening. "Actually, this would give us a break from studying." Severus smiled, intrigued. "Go on." "Well, Divination and Potions got me thinking: what if you could brew a potion that let you divine the future?" She paused, looking at him expectantly. "Well?" He blinked, and steepled his fingers together out of habit as he considered. "A draught that mimics Seer properties..." "Or a divining glass," Lily added. She was never eager to drink a potion, even one that hadn't come out of the classroom. "But do you know of anything like that? Something that we could make?" "I've heard, vaguely," he put great emphasis on this word, "of such things. But those potions would be beyond anything we've tried before." "How beyond?" "So beyond that you only learn about them when you're studying for a career in potions. After Hogwarts." Severus shook his head. "We couldn't attempt any of them at the level we are now. I'm sure Professor Slughorn knows the methods, but I can't see him letting fifth-years try them out, because magic dealing with time can be disastrous if done wrong." Lily hesitated for a moment. "It still wouldn't hurt to ask." Severus gave her a suspicious look but she continued doggedly. "You're the best in our year at Potions, Sev. You know it, I know it. Maybe Professor Slughorn would be willing to make an exception, maybe even help us. Come on, Sev." She grabbed his elbow as he started to turn away. "I know you're curious, too." Damn. He tried to avoid her gaze, a reluctant smile on his face. Through a lot of their time at Hogwarts, the only thing that had kept them together as friends had been their common passion for potions. Severus had straight skill and intuition, the sense of timing and method imperative to delicate mixtures. Lily had this same intuition with ingredients, combined with sheer nerve. She took risks with her potions, always having a rational explanation on hand. And as his Potions partner for nearly every Gryffindor/Slytherin class for nearly five years, she knew he'd never leave a question like this one unanswered. So it didn't surprise Severus in the least when he found himself seeking out Professor Slughorn later that afternoon to ask his advice on potions that revealed the future. XX "I've never tried anything like this." Severus emptied his arms and, as several jars clattered and rolled across the surface of the desk, snatched up an old, heavily creased piece of parchment. He held it a foot from his face and slowly leaned back against the desk behind him. Slughorn had been hesitant when he first asked, but when Severus mentioned it was Lily Evans' idea, the professor gladly relinquished instructions to a "simple" potion called the "Liquid Looking Glass." It didn't sound very difficult to make - all ingredients they'd handled before, and only a week to brew - the tricky part, as far as Severus could see, depended on the will and discipline of the mixer. "You need an idea of what you want to see in the mirror. And you need to keep that idea fixed in your mind as you're making it. This potion is designed to show you anything, from what's inside there," he pointed to an old, weather-beaten trunk in the corner of the room, "to what Shaw's aunt did last Friday at 7:00." He saw Lily nod absently, fiddling with her wand almost unconsciously. He cleared his throat and continued. "So if you want to see your own future, you have to be specific. But not extremely. You could say 'What will I be doing five years hence?' or something like that. Or you could say, 'Show me my ten greatest achievements." Lily smiled, leaning on the side of the desk. "I love it when they're flexible like that." She suddenly frowned. "So does that mean each potion is only good for seeing one thing?" Severus nodded. "That's why it's not insanely complicated. The mixture loses its potency within minutes, after the images fade. You only have time to answer one question. That's partly why it's important to know what you want to see." He paused, considering. "And since it's so maker-oriented, you should be primary mixer. I'll just be here to help." Lily nodded in agreement but her frown deepened and she pulled down Severus' hand to angle the parchment toward her. "Do you think there's a way to make it last longer?" Her putting her hand on his was unusual, and a little unsettling. Severus had deemed it none of his business to ask if Lily had a reason to want to see her future, but as she examined the parchment, he couldn't help but feel a bit concerned. He shrugged off this feeling and handed the paper to Lily. "You're the primary mixer." XX A week later, the potion had reached a luminous periwinkle blue. It lacked the faint silver tint it was supposed to have at this point and Severus was quick to point this out. "I think it's because of the unicorn parts. I crushed the horn instead of powdering it, and decreased the amount of blood needed by one-twentieth." Lily wiped the back of her hand across her brow. "The way I see it, it's still evenly distributed, but longer-lasting. What do you think?" "I think we should ask the professor's advice before we go any further." Lily rolled her eyes, but nodded. The classroom door opened loudly behind them. "Ah, Miss Evans. Mr. Snape. How is it coming along?" Severus turned around. "It's fine, Professor, but I think we need your advice--" He stopped short as he saw Professor Slughorn stroll into the room, followed by James Potter and Sirius Black. They both returned his look of distaste and it took all his concentrated efforts to turn his head back to his teacher. "We experimented a bit. I'd like to know what you think before we continue." "Evans!" James brightened considerably and held his hand up in greeting. "Don't tell me you're in detention too?" "I'm not you, Mr. Potter," said Lily haughtily. To the Professor, she explained, "I changed a little in the procedures, but all the ingredients are the same." He gave her a questioning look, and she handed him the instruction sheet, with various annotations that Severus had scribbled in. "I tried to adjust the potion to make it last longer. But do you think it would have other effects?" Severus watched Slughorn as he sat down at his desk to examine the list. In his own mind, there were undoubtedly some effects that he and Lily wouldn't have counted on. But of the three of them, only Slughorn had enough experience to be able to say what they were. He heard a snicker and glanced behind him. James and Sirius were sitting at a desk at the back of the room, whispering together and laughing. Sirius caught him watching them and waved. He immediately looked away, and could hear them both laugh a little louder. Slughorn came back and handed the list to Lily. "Well, Miss Evans, these adjustments will certainly make the potion more long-lasting. In fact, if you do this final step alternating clockwise and then counter-clockwise stirs, I believe you could make the potion's effects permanent." Severus' jaw dropped. Lily beamed. "Thank you, sir! That had occurred to me, but I'm glad you could confirm it." "I wasn't quite finished," Slughorn's expression looked hesitant. "I cannot be sure that the potion's active time is the only thing you've changed. Potions are very tricky that way. So my advice is to be very careful on this last step. I take it you have an idea of what you want to see, yes?" Lily nodded. "That image is most important during the final phase of the brewing. Do not let it waver, do not let yourself be distracted from that idea. Do you understand?" "Yes sir." "Good." Slughorn smiled, reassured. "I trust your judgment, Miss Evans. Also," he glanced behind him to look at James and Sirius, who seemed to have started a game of Exploding Snap. "Those two have detention this evening until nine. If they will distract you here, I can send them to scrub out my store room instead." Severus pictured James kneeling on the grimy floor of the store room, moaning over the filth on