Leo- Note to self, work on Festus's landing Leo thought as him and Calypso landed face first on Half-Blood Hill. With good steering, and mostly luck, Leo managed to avoid crashing into the Athena Parthenos. When Leo got to his feet he looked up at the goddess who pulsed out a bright light. If you would have gotten me dirty! Leo gave the statue an awkward smile, as he assisted his girlfriend to her feet. "Next time why not let me drive?" Calypso dusted herself off. Even with sticks in her hair she looked gorgeous. Leo felt like he was going to spontaneously combust. He saved the world, and got the girl. Not bad for the scrawny 7th wheel. It looked like midday. The air was crisp with a brisk wind. The tree spirits had been hard at work decorating their leaves orange and red. Clearly time went by faster than expected. "It's already fall? We were only on the island for 10 minutes." Leo waved for Festus to follow the couple as they walked down to camp. His friends thought he'd been dead for months. Cool he couldn't help but think. Save the world, died and came back, got Calypso to fall for him. He was the modern day Percy Jackson. Just as they started to descend to camp, they were meet by a line of campers wearing orange and purple t-shits. Looks like some of the Romans decided to stay behind. He watched as his friends started to recognize who he was, and their faces started to drop. "Guy's I know I'm gorgeous but stop staring. I'm a one woman type of guy." He grabbed Calypso as she let out a small laugh. Music to my ears , he thought to himself. "Leo?" A familiar voice rang from the crowed. Pipers voice was so specific Leo could imagine the face she was making before she was visible. From 15 feet away she appeared in the crowed. "LEO!" From 10 feet away he could see the tears building in her eyes. From 5 feet away he saw the distinct lines her mouth made when she pursed her lips. And when she was standing right in front of her he saw her fist aiming right for his left eye. He feel causing a thump on the ground and Calypso to make a small gasp. "Well that's gonna hurt in the morning, nope scratch that; that hurts now." "What the HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU?!" Piper screamed standing above her small friend. "Get up so I can hit you again." "I'm good down here. Thanks." "So I take it this is Piper?" Calypso asked stepping between the two friends. Leo wanted to warn her to not set Piper off. Before he could utter a sentence Pipers demeanor changed. "Calypso? Oh my god you look just like you did in the drawing. No, your much prettier actually. Oh my god Leo you went back for her! That's so beautiful!" Piper grabbed Leo off the ground and hugged him. "Aphrodite's kids love love, what can I say" He gave an aside to Calypso. "And YOU!" Piper continued by hugging Calypso "You waited for who knows how long on that island. Such horrible conditions-" "Well it wasn't really that-" "Don't. It's okay. You can be honest with me. We're like family now." Piper continued not allowing anyone to speak. It was clear she was running on pure emotions now. Before Leo could catch his breath he turned and found himself knocked down on the bottom of a dog pile. "You stupid little spaz!" Jason said while on top of him. "I knew it, I knew it!" "Who do you think you are? Me? Percy joined in. "I'm glad to see you guys too, but I kind of need to pee, and someone's sword butt is poking my bladder. Jason and Percy immediately got up and helped Leo get back on his feet. Annabeth had walked over joined by Nico, Will Solace and Chiron. "You were dead." Nico stated as a matter of fact. Will gave him a look as if to say We've talked about this. "I mean, like I felt you were dead. Better?" Leo could tell Nico was really trying hard. "Don't worry man, I was dead. And now I'm not. Happens more often than not right." Leo wanted to make light of the situation so he could get this over with. He understood his friends hadn't seen him in months, but he had just seen them an hour ago. He was ready to go see the world with Calypso. "So I just wanted to let you guys now I'm alive. Which I am. So now I'll just be going-" Chiron cut him off as if he knew Leo's plan from the start. "I'm sorry Leo, but we have some things we need to discuss. Especially for you as a Head Counselor." He spoke with a sense of regret. Leo knew whatever was going on, it would put a damper on his plans. "Tell it to me straight doc. How long to I have?" "3 months." Chiron said with a straight face. The rest of the camp looked shocked. "Wait, I'm gonna die?! Again?! I was just kidding with that last question." "No, you have 3 months' vacation time to travel with your new…friend. By the way welcome back Calypso." Chiron gave her a little bow. "Wait, pause, rewind. Vacation time. What's this vacation time about?" Leo felt like his hair was on fire, but in his defense it probably was. "Well we just had two very big, life changing prophecies." Annabeth stepped in. "and with the agreement with Camp Jupiter we have a lot to figure out. Finding new demigods, setting up exchange programs-" "Building alters." Jason but in. "We all kind of decided it's like a whole new world out there." "Not the time for Disney songs, Jason." Leo snapped. "I'm sorry, I'm just a little shocked here. So you're saying I have three months to go wherever, and the rest of the time..." "You'll need to be here." Chiron completed. Leo gave a look over to Calypso with his heart in his stomach. This kind of ruins our plans. I'm sorry. She responded with a grin that stuck to one side of her face. "It's okay. Anywhere for a few months is better than on that island for eternity. "She took in the surroundings of Camp Half-Blood. "And besides I don't think I'm going to be bored here. I get to find out so much more about you from your friends." She gave Piper, and Annabeth a devilish grin, which was quickly returned. He was sure those three were sure to be trouble from now on. With a nod of his head he followed the rest of the camp down to the cabins, to catch up on everything he missed. Sure, wasn't what Leo had planned originally, but he was home and there was nothing he could complain about. Nico- Not fading from existence was pretty awesome. Spending the last few months with Will wasn't so bad either. Nico felt more rested than he ever felt before. He wasn't just stronger, but more connected with this world. Nico was sitting in the infirmary on a green stool with wheels. Will was walking around in his white nurse scrubs shirts, jeans and flip flops. His blond curls bounced as he cleaned the medical instruments. "So, what's on the agenda today?" He asked while spinning in the chair. "Well, it looks like pretty routine maintenance. Unless someone gets hurt I can pretty much close up shop." Will put away a tool Nico couldn't begin to learn how to pronounce. Over the past few months he tried learning Will's trade, but he gave up pretty quick. Nico spent a lot of the time helping Will or any of the healers with anything they needed; grabbing soda, supplies, and stealing glances at Will. Watching Will work on an injury was like watching an artist paint. It was very clear to see his godly heritage. Nico even started to feel welcomed by anyone who came in. He started to feel less like a reminder of death, so he assumed people stopped seeing him as one. Will suggested it was all in his head to begin with, but Nico wasn't too sure about that. "What?" Will questioned. Nico hadn't realized he was staring at Will. He quickly averted his eyes and stood up. "Nothing. Nothing." Nico laughed. "Just zoning out. Umm, yeah so I'm going to head out." Nico started working for the door. "Okay. See you for dinner?" Will asked. Skeleton butterflied almost flew out Nico's stomach. "Of course." Nico left his face as red as the barn. He hated that Will made him feel, but he embraced it much more than he ever did with Percy. Maybe it's because he felt that Will was reciprocating them, but he still wasn't 100 percent sure. How do you ask someone Hey, do you like boys? And if you do, do you like me? He didn't want to ruin the new friendship, but he hated this "maybe yes, maybe no" scenario. "He has to like you!" Jason blurted out while sitting on his bed. Jason, Leo and Percy were preparing for the camp talent show where they planned to go head to head against their girlfriends. While Nico had already "Came out" he still felt awkward talking about certain things, especially with Percy around. "Yeah dude, you two are always together. I wouldn't be surprised if he was." Percy added. "What if at the end, I toss two fireballs in the air. Pyrotechnics!" Leo's dismissal of the conversation was more comforting than offensive. "I'm aware it wouldn't be surprising, but what if he's not….you know. And what if I make everything super awkward" Nico couldn't believe he was actually having this conversation. "You told me, I don't things are super awkward." Percy said with a grin. Nico had noticed telling Percy about his crush actually made him more big-headed. "I took it as a complement. Bad-ass Nico had a crush on me. That brings my number up to 4 and Jason's only 2." He said as he shot a paper ball into the trashcan. "Dude I have plenty of people crushing on me. You only know about two." Jason countered. "Can we not include me in your weird score card." Nico interrupted. "Can we please work on this routine?" Leo interjected. "Look, Nico your first mistake was coming to these fools for advice." "Well I actually was only asking Jason-" "If you need tips call doctor love." Leo made a grand gesture to himself. "If you want to tell a gal…or guy that you're into them forget subtlety. You need to do something big. Like fall out the sky on a dragon." Leo was now completely off in his own world. Nico could almost see the visuals Leo had going on in his head. "So, I probably won't do that. But…thanks." He started to leave the cabin when Jason caught up to him. "Listen man," Jason said grabbing Nico's shoulder. "You just need to put it all out there. Take a chance, or you may never know." Nico shook his head and left Cabin 1. He couldn't help thinking maybe not knowing wouldn't be too bad. As he walked into the fall sun he saw some commotion coming from Cabin 2. Nico walked over to the smaller building to peek inside and saw Annabeth, Piper and Calypso preparing their routine. "Oh, sorry guys." He said while trying to duck out. "No it's no problem," Piper said running to Nico and grabbed his arm. She guided him inside and sat him on a chair. "We need someone to watch anyway." Before he could protest the girls started performing "Bang, Bang." Piper began showing her vocal skills with the first verse. Calypso followed up with the second verse