Nico's Angels Chapter 1: Hecate's bored Sitting on her chair, bored out of her mind, was a petite girl with long silver hair, wearing a dark purple nightgown that matched her lipstick and mascara colour, she was indeed beautiful in appearance but held a rather cold complexion on her face. As cold as she was coldhearted, this girl appeared to be in her teenage years, eighteen, though she held much wisdom about magical forces and the nature exotic mysticism. Her name was commonly known all over Olympus, someone to be feared, the betrayer: Hecate. "I'm sooo bored." She muttered bitterly as she sat on her high class chair looking at her orb, randomly watching scenes of real live people going about their daily business like it was a TV. Brushing her long, elegant hair with a comb she continued switching the orb's viewing channels to something else, like channel surfing, until she stopped at one viewing spot in particular. She didn't know why she did, but something caught her attention, and she got off her chair to take a closer look at it. Within the orb there was a live projection of one teenage boy she has come across several times in the Underworld. "Nico Di Angelo, huh." She said, flicking her fingers to increase the zoom on the globe, he was practicing sword combat in the arena in the Underworld, wearing only a black shirt and jeans. His silver skull ring on his right hand and his usual scowl marring his handsome face. "Hmmm, he's not too bad looking, too bad I've got to have my revenge and kill him somewhere down the line." She muttered to herself as she thought about his involvement in the Titan War five years ago, "Still." She muttered as she looked back to one of her magical rock golems standing idly in the back of the room. "What do you think? Assuming you can think anyway?" The rock grunt simply grumbled incoherently, not understanding her question, it was only made to follow commands like any rock golem. "Hmm, you're right. He's all alone, no annoying God of the Underworld or dim witted son of Poseidon to help him, I could take him out." She said, as if the golem's response was an actual answer. She looked at the orb again and noticed Nico sweating as he prepared another round of sword play against the ghost of Achilles. 'I don't like him enough to respect him, but I couldn't care less about killing him, his cousin on the other hand, grrr' She thought, getting a little heated up thinking about the son of Poseidon who stopped the Titan Lord's victory. How long has it been since she last heard his name on Olympus? How long has it been since she decided to be a 'super villain'? She was one of the most powerful Goddesses on Olympus. What does she have to show for it; nothing. "Hmm," she murmured as she looked at the orb and noticed Nico taking his shirt off in a sweat as he continued to block and attack the ghost of Achilles. "I may be crazy for even thinking this, but maybe it's time I have some fun, not as a 'Super villain," she said, using air quotes. "I'll just be a girl simply looking for a 'fun night'." She said to herself as she glowed bright violet and changed her night wear into her usual sorceress attire via magic. "Mind the place while I'm gone." She said to the golems, but after a second she sighed. "Oh who am I kidding, you have nothing better to do." She said to her golem bodyguards as she opened a portal and disappeared, leaving two clueless rock monsters behind. Line break Panting and slumped over, Nico was sweating and tired from today's workout, truth be told he didn't think he needed to train with every damn warrior in Elysium, but his father had insisted, he needed to be strong to be the Underworld's Prince and Champion. 'Easy for him to say, he's a freaking God, man I'm beat.' Nico thought as he sat down on the mat he had been using for his exercise, push-ups and sit-ups, before he moved on to sword fighting. No one was in the arena except for himself, Achilles went back to Elysium, his father was up on Olympus and Persephone was in her garden, on the other side of the palace. Getting up and walking to the bench to put on his extra shirt and aviators jacket once again, as he was about to head out, but someone unexpected spoke up from behind him. "Going somewhere, hero boy?" Nico turned around and, to his utter surprise, he saw Hecate standing right in front of him. He instantly went to alert mode and reached for his sword, but she was already two steps ahead of him. Before he even noticed, a violet energy chain came from her right hand and wrapped itself around his right wrist and pulled it back. The same thing was done to the other hand and as it was brought behind him it tied together, both wrists in a pair of energy handcuffs. "Hey! What's the big idea?" He shouted lightly as he strained to break free of the cuffs. "Cool your jets, Di Angelo. I didn't come here to stir up trouble, now sit." She said, magically forcing him to sit down on the matted floor. Nico scoffed. "Not wanting to cause trouble? Heh, excuse me while I sneeze out the words 'bull-crap'." He retorted as she walked over to stand over him. "Believe it, Di Angelo. Here's some incentive." She then did something highly unexpected, she leaned down and grabbed his head to pull him into a deep French kiss with her tongue, probing his mouth with much vigour. To say Nico was shocked was an understatement, he was frozen, he couldn't move a muscle. Here was a Goddess, a rather gorgeous one at that, who had tried to kill his cousin several times, kissing him, and doing a good job at it. After a few more seconds she softly broke the kiss and sighed in satisfaction. She had a slightly dazed expression on her face, her face then changed to one of naughty mischief. Nico, however, had a stupefied and confused look on his face, but he finally got out of his trance and opened his mouth, not even thinking about the words that will comer out. "W-well, that was new, not every day I get frenched by a hot Goddess." She chuckled. "You definitely know how to flatter a girl, but I'm interested in more than flattery, son of Hades." She said mistily as she magically lifted him to his feet and placed her hands on his chest to feel it. "Mmmm, nice. I see all the exercise you've been doing has really paid off." She said as one of her hands went underneath his black shirt to feel his muscled chest. Nico was feeling really aroused, part of him wanted her to continue her ministrations and another part of him needed her to stop, mainly because of a simple sense of honour. Honourable and bodily needs were conflicting with each other. But Nico was soon blind to it when Hecate did another unexpected thing. She reached down to the lower part of his abdomen where the hem of jeans met the belt buckle, now alarms were going off in his head, this was going too far and it needed to stop. "W-wait! Wait a minute! Stop!" Nico struggled to call out while enduring the ongoing arousal. Hecate looked at him with an indifferent expression. "For what? I can sense you actually like this, Hero." She whispered huskily. "Your basically raping me!" He exclaimed, trying to sound a little outraged, but he could tell that wasn't what it felt like. She laughed in complete amusement at what he said, and Nico was even more perplexed by her highly unusual behaviour. "You are funny. I'm not raping you, I'm simply getting things started. When I enchant you, you will beg me to have some fun with you." She then leaned in close to his ear and whispered; "It will be a lot of fun, Nicholas. You'll see." She then took him by surprise by lightly licking a part of his earlobe in affection, Nico could feel himself getting aroused again and before he could say anything she leaned back and pulled out some pink dust from her right pocket. "W-why are you doing this…? I thought you hated me." Nico said weakly as he felt whatever Hecate did to him start to effect. She smirked in a sultry way. "I hate your cousin, but I'm fairly neutral about you, I'm doing this because I want to, just sit back and enjoy it." She said and she blew the pink dust in his face, letting it take effect on his entire body. Nico could feel the energy cuffs disappear from his hands, but he didn't feel like fighting or running. What he did do was pull the Goddess of Sorcery to him, look her in her purple eyes, before grabbing the back of her head and shoving her head to his, there mouth covering each other again. Nico was under her influence, and he was filled with the craving for the silver haired temptress. "Mmmmmm." She murmured as he aggressively ravaged the inside of her mouth with his tongue, she made use of her mouth by suckling her lips on his tongue, increasing the pleasure. Hecate immediately did not regret this decision, in fact, she was positive she made a great choice. Her hands went back to work as they slid his off aviator's jacket and let it fall to the floor, and quickly through it away. Nico's hands went to work as well, by one of them grabbing and squeezing her left breast and the other trailing down to her rear, rubbing it. With a click, Nico's belt buckle came loose and then the zipper was undone, leaving an opening where she used her right hand to probe his pants. "Hnnh." Nico moaned as she massaged his bulge through his boxers and placed her other hand behind his head to engage in another steamy tongue locking kiss. Nico used the hand that was on her rear and moved it between her legs to rub her inner thighs, Hecate moaned in his lips as his other hand squeezed her left breast and his right hand massaged her thighs. Breaking the kiss, she looked at him seductively, and magically lifted his shirt off and bought his pants down to his knees. Nico couldn't or wouldn't speak, he was overcome with her lust spell and blew all sense of right and wrong out the window, all he could think about was letting this Goddess do what she wanted with him. Hecate smirked and licked her lips as she got on her knees and placed her hands on his boxers. "You'll love this." She said, smiling naughtily as she peeled off the private piece of clothing and gazed upon Nico's eight inch member standing for attention. "My, my, one good surprise after another." Drawing her face closer, she placed her violet lips on his shaft and kissed it gently, slowly going up until her lips found the tip, opening her mouth a liitle, Nico could feel her breath on his flesh and was anxious for her to taste it. She licked the tip with her moist and smooth tongue like a popsicle and it was driving him insane, she did it in an agonizingly slow pace, he was impatient to feel her mouth and she knew it. Hecate took the next step and moved her tongue to his shaft and licked the underside up and down repeatedly, making him grit his teeth in anticipation. Hearing the moist sucking sounds didn't ease his eagerness either, but