Breaking the Rules " If I'd observed all the rules, I'd never have got anywhere." - Marilyn Monroe June. "You do realise who she is." It was a statement rather than a question, but Percy nodded anyway as he upended the bottle over his head. The water ran over his face and he rolled his shoulders, sighing in relief even as the liquid evaporated from his clothes without ever actually hitting the ground. "Of course I do," He replied, twisting the bottle into a plastic knot and dropping it into the recycling bin standing nearby. "But come on, it's just the fireworks . What's the worst that could happen?" "Apollo could happen," Nico retorted. He scrubbed at his face with a damp towel, wiping away the sweat and dirt from an afternoon in the arena, and reached for his own bottle. Even after years of training, the summer sun was draining; the sight of the younger campers dragging themselves away to collapse in sore, exhausted heaps had almost made it worth it, but the last thing he felt like doing was argue over anything involving Rachel Elizabeth Dare and the fireworks. Again. "I'm telling you," Percy continued, oblivious. "you should ask her." "And I'm telling you: no. She's the Oracle for Zeus' sake. I can't just ask her on a date ." "Why not?" Percy leaned against the wall and watched a group of exhausted trainees on the other side of the armoury struggle with the buckles on their armor. "Just because she's supposed to be a virgin doesn't mean she has to stay single forever." "…the sun scrambled your brain, didn't it." "All I'm saying is, you should go for it," Percy continued, pausing only to sock his cousin playfully in the shoulder. "I mean honestly, you're both going to be there anyway. You're both lonely—" "I am not!" "—you've known eachother for years, and don't even try to deny that you've had a crush on her since you were twelve—" "Percy," Nico grated, glancing sidelong at the campers on the other side of the room. "Shut up." "—so why not just go together?" Percy finished. Nico sighed heavily through his nose in exasperation and resisted the urge to rub his eyes tiredly. Percy was watching him expectantly, eyebrows raised as if daring him to find a suitable excuse to back down again. "Fine!" The son of Hades finally snapped. "But if I get blown up because of this, I swear I will haunt you for the rest of your life." If Percy's triumphant grin was anything to go by, his threat wasn't nearly as frightening as it should have been; he scowled, but the other's smile just widened even more as he reached out to smack him joyfully on the shoulder. "That's the spirit." July. Normally, Nico didn't much get the point behind fireworks. They were just big, loud, colorful things that blew up in the sky. It was impressive the first few times, sure, but after a while one big rainbow circle was just the same as any other. Camp Half Blood fireworks, naturally, were quite the opposite. "I wonder how they do it." Rachel sat next to him, a blanket draped over her lap to ward off the chill from the sea breeze, and her face tilted up to watch the gigantomachy currently rampaging over their heads. A brilliant streak of white flashed from Zeus' hand, sending the starry figure of Polybotes into an explosion of sparks; Rachel's face glowed gold for a moment as the beach erupted in a chorus of cheers, and Nico only just managed to avoid being caught staring when she turned to look at him. "The fireworks, I mean," She continued. "How do they do it?" Nico shrugged and leaned back on his elbows, looking up as one by one, the giants exploded in the display's finale. "Same way Gandalf can blow a ship out of smoke, I suppose," He answered. "Just don't let Leo know you think it's cool, or he'll gloat for weeks." "More than he already does, you mean?" She pointed out. "If I have to hear about how he saved the Acropolis one more time…" Nico grinned; everyone knew the story of the Seven by now, but that didn't stop certain members from embellishing their parts with each new retelling, much to the rest of the camp's amusement. The campers cheered again as the finale thundered to a close, their calls and whistles barely audible over the booming of the fireworks. Out on the water, a small figure could just be seen standing on deck of the launching barge, bowing dramatically until he was shoved roughly out of the light by one of his siblings. Groups and couples around them began to stand and pick up their things, dusting sand from their legs and chatting amongst themselves. "We should do this again sometime," Rachel said suddenly, in the middle of folding her own blanket. "See the fireworks?" "No, just…hang out," She shook her head as he stood and pulled her to her feet. "See a movie or something." He hesitated and shook the sand from the blanket they'd been sitting on; Rachel watched him for a moment as he started to fold it more carefully than he needed to, and opened her mouth to say something else when he cut in. "Make it lunch, and you've got yourself a date." "A date, huh?" She asked, eyebrows raised. "Yup." Rachel smiled and laughed when he offered his arm; he grinned back as they walked towards the cabins with the rest, and wondered what exactly he'd just gotten himself into. August. Between being a demigod and spending the majority of (what he remembered of) his life travelling around, Nico had seen plenty of odd and disturbing things. New York alone was full of them, which was really not a surprise considering the people who were attracted to it the most. Out of everything, though, the restaurant Rachel had suggested for lunch was easily within the top ten. Or five. "Chinese food…and doughnuts?" "It's better than it sounds," She promised. He stared dubiously at the cheerful neon signs flashing in the window and the simple letters spelling out the name of the restaurant over the front door, mentally analyzing the building and trying to decide if it looked more like a doughnut shop or a Chinese takeout, and wondered if the fact that he couldn't tell should be worrisome or not. "I hope so," He finally muttered. Rachel grinned and pushed open the door, pulling a still wary Nico after her. Two buffets dominated either side of the main room, one piled high with very American looking breakfast pastries, and the other displaying everything from chow mein to egg rolls. Rachel wasted no time in grabbing a plate and a set of chopsticks; Nico was still hesitant, but seeing the other patrons eating their various lunches without keeling over or gagging, he gave in and followed. "No chopsticks?" she asked as they sat. "Nope," Nico stabbed a dumpling on his fork and plopped it in his mouth. "My fork works just fine." "It's Chinese food." "And doughnuts!" "Oh, give me that!" The Chinese man in the corner glanced at them sidelong as Rachel reached over the table and wrestled the fork out of Nico's hand, ignoring his squawk of protest. He hid his grin as the redhead grabbed Nico's hand and manipulated his fingers around a set of chopsticks, pressing and pulling until he finally batted her away and maneuvered the utensils awkwardly around his hand, dropping the dumplings back on the plate more often than he got them to his mouth. "There, see?" Rachel grinned triumphantly. "It's not that hard." Nico muttered a curse as he dropped his food once again and skewered the dumpling on a single chopstick, ignoring Rachel's exasperated groan as he raised it triumphantly to his mouth. "Huh. Guess not." September. Rain drummed against the roof of the taxi as it pulled alongside the curb, and Nico had barely handed over the fare and stepped after Rachel before a dripping man had dodged inside and pulled the door closed after him. The doorman who had rushed to greet them stood ready with an umbrella over the young heiress' head, but had barely even spared Nico a second glance. "Terrible weather we're having today, miss," He said cheerfully. The cheer vanished abruptly when Nico edged under the umbrella as well, shuddering as the runoff dripped down his collar. Rachel watched him with raised eyebrows, daring him to say anything and nodded towards the door. "Shall we?" "Of course, miss. Right away." The bellhop shot one last look at Nico and escorted them to the door, holding it open while they stepped inside and wiped their feet. Even with the heated air of the lobby, Nico shivered, rolling his shoulders and grimacing as water dripped from his clothes and hair. "I'm sorry about that," a perfectly dry Rachel said as they walked to the elevator. "I've tried to get them to be more polite to people, but they're hopeless." The lift came to a stop with a gentle ping and the doors slid open. Nico shrugged and followed Rachel down the thickly carpeted hallway to her door, leaning casually against a wall while she fumbled with her keys and ignoring the small puddle that was forming at his feet. "It's fine. It's not like I haven't—holy shit ." Rachel smiled a little awkwardly as Nico stepped through the door and got a look at the penthouse for the first time. He was dripping on the carpet again, but this time, he seemed to genuinely not notice as he took in the main rooms. "There's a bathroom just down that hall," She pointed. "Towels are in the third drawer. I'll see if I can find anything for you to wear until your clothes dry." "It's not a big deal," He said, taking one last look before turning towards her. "I can just go home—" "In this weather?" She snorted. "Just take the towel. I have some sweats and old baggy shirts for painting that should work. You can't sit around all wet." She stepped closer, grinning as she pulled at a lock of his hair which was still dripping from earlier. Nico pulled a face, but she only smiled wider and tugged his hair again despite his grumbling. "Sounds like a sexy wardrobe you've got there," He quipped. "My wardrobe is plenty sexy, thank you very much." "Oh really?" He raised his eyebrows, smiling teasingly at her despite being suddenly very aware of how close they were actually standing, or how she was still playing absently with his hair. He shivered as a lingering drop of water rolled down his spine, and it was odd, but somehow, he'd never really noticed just how green her eyes were before. "I should…" He started, mouth suddenly dry. "Right. Towels," She dropped her hand and rubbed her arm absently, nodding down the hallway. "Third drawer." "Right," He repeated, nodding. He paused for another moment before stepping away, resisting the urge to rub his face as he walked down the hallway. Inside the bathroom, he leaned against a wall and stared into the mirror. "Shit." October. "No. No, no, and no." "Oh, come on! It's perfect!" "No, actually, it really isn't." "What's wrong with it?" Rachel demanded, waving the Sonny and Cher costume sets in front of him as if increased exposure would make him change his mind. "The pornstache, for one," Nico retorted, crossing his arms stubbornly. "Ugh, fine," She huffed and dropped them back to her side in surrender. "What would you suggest, then?" "I'm sure you'll find something." "So helpful," She swatted him on the arm. "Stay here, I'll go look around some more." Nico shook his head and leaned casually against the wall as Rachel vanished between the costume racks once again. With Halloween just around the corner,