A/N: Hello everyone! Thank you for choosing my story to read. This fanfic will be mostly Edward POV, so unless otherwise noted at the beginning, always assume you are reading from Edward's POV. The usual characters are in this story with the addition of a few more. I decided not to follow the usual Twilight storyline. I hope you enjoy my story, reviews are always welcomed. I have a few chapters written already so expect a few quick updates. Also, I had another account with two stories that I abandoned. I plan on starting them again as well. I do not own anything from the Twilight series. The characters and some plot events are totally and completely owned by Stephanie Meyers. Please read, review, and enjoy. Another day, another high school, another monotonous year. I loathed this part of my existence. I say existence because I have no life. There is no beating heart inside of me. Blood does not run through my icy veins. My heart does not pump. I am stone inside and out. I have been this way for a century. I was turned into a vampire by Carlisle. He is a father-like figure that I and my "family" follow. He was a doctor in the hospital I was dying in when I was seventeen. I had the Spanish influenza and my human family had all been taken victim to the disease. Carlisle changed me into a vampire. Three days of excruciating pain gave birth to an immortal life of blood thirst and the constant pain of hiding my true nature from the humans I was forced to interact with. Carlisle Cullen is a doctor at the local hospital. He learned to control his craving for human blood by feeding on the blood of animals. Thus my family and I do the same. Consequently our eyes stay a golden yellow shade instead of the fiery red of nomadic vampires that hunt humans. Since we do not age, we move frequently. We have to hide our immortality. We can only stay in one place for a few years before moving. We had just moved back to Forks, Washington. My siblings and I were sitting in the small, grey room this school called a cafeteria. There was a lot of buzz and gossip over my family today. It was the first day of school and we were the new kids in town. I sighed and picked at the unappetizing food on my plastic tray as I attempted to block out the voices in and outside of my head. Being a mind reader, I was able to hear the thoughts of everyone. Even those of my family. Humans were disgusting inside their minds. For example, right now there was some young girl fantasizing over my older brother figure, Emmett. I glanced over at the girl. She was as ordinary as they come. Dyed hair, too much makeup, and too tight clothes. She was eyeing Emmett dreamily. I chuckled causing my family to acknowledge me. "What's so funny Ed?" Emmett asked curiously. I shot him a fierce look, "It is Edward, not Ed." "Whatever prude, what made your prudish self laugh?" Emmett raised an eyebrow and cocked a grin at his immature humor. "You have an admirer Emmett. Rosalie better watch out. She looks like competition." I said teasingly. Rosalie's eyes flew over to the young girl who was completely oblivious. A hiss sounded from between her lips before she pulled Emmett closer to her and began making out with him in front of the human. Rosalie made it a point to shoot a glare towards the girl. The human girl immediately averted her eyes from Emmett but not before mumbling a few profanities about Rosalie. "Humans are idiots." Rosalie grumbled as she shifted her weight. It was a part of the charade. We couldn't sit still for too long or it would look suspicious. I rolled my eyes at her childish comment. Rosalie hated being a vampire more than anything. She wanted to be human, have children, and be married like a normal person. Rosalie was gorgeous beyond vampire standards. She had long, flowing blonde hair that was always styled perfectly. She was tall, and had perfect features that matched the perfect body. If she were human, she would be Emmett's trophy wife. Emmett was extremely buff and strong. His strength could out power any other vampire. He was taller than me by a couple of inches with a black mop of curls for hair on top of his head. On his round face were dimples that could be seen when he smiled. "You were once a human, remember that Rose." Alice, my other sibling chimed in from beside me. Alice looked more like a pixie than a vampire. She was extremely short, barely five feet, and had short, jet black hair. Alice was full of energy and was always optimistic. She was also clairvoyant. Meaning, Alice can see the future depending upon a person's decisions. Alice and her mate Jasper were the last to join our family. Alice's power led them to us. Jasper, Alice's mate, was a stoic vampire. He had wavy blonde hair that fell over one of his eyes. Jasper could feel and manipulate emotions. He was the newest to this life and he still had control issues. "Yes, but I was one of the few intelligent ones." Rosalie replied back with a flip of her hair. "You and me both Rosie baby." Emmett said as he wrapped an arm around her. Rosalie rolled her eyes but didn't comment. "Emmett, weren't you almost mauled to death by a bear before your change?" Jasper asked in his southern drawl. "Yeah, so?" Emmett answered dumbly. "Exactly." I said with chuckle. Alice and Jasper laughed while Emmett pouted. Rosalie wasn't paying him any attention, she was too busy checking her nails. Before the conversation continued my attention was drawn to a mental voice across the room. Whoever it was had spoken my name in their mind. My eyes landed on a young girl that appeared to be my age. She had long, curly hair that was different shades of blonde, brown, and red. She had a round face and she appeared to be short. Her eyes were trained on a book, but she was mentally talking to the person across from her. The other girl was completely different in looks. She had long, mahogany brown hair and a thin, heart shaped face. She looked taller than the other girl. The brown haired girl was sketching and had earbuds in. How were they mentally communicating? What is it about vampires? They thinking distancing themselves makes them less prone to being found out. The blonde hair girl spoke to the other one in her mind. I looked at the brown haired girl and waited for her response, but I heard nothing. I listened harder, but still, nothing. I tried once more, but as soon as I focused in on her mind, she snapped her head up and narrowed her eyes at me. I sat back abruptly gaining the attention of my family. "Edward what's wrong?" Alice asked alarmed. I couldn't answer because I was too focused on the anger burning behind the brown, gold-flecked eyes of this girl. Her nose snarled a little and she hissed. She hissed at me. My family followed my surprised stare and tensed at the two girls. The blonde haired girl looked up from her book and immediately became alert. She looked at me and narrowed her green and gold eyes. "Bella. Let's go." The blonde girl hissed at the other one. She threw her book in her backpack and stood up pulling the other girl, Bella, with her. Bella gathered her sketching materials and mp3 player and allowed her friend to pull her out of the cafeteria. I sat there staring at the double doors dumbfounded. "Edward what just happened?" Rosalie hissed icily. "Who were they?" Emmett asked confused. "I don't know. But they know what we are!" I hissed so low, no human had a chance of hearing me. My family stiffened and shared worried looks. Just then, the bell rang signaling lunch was over and classes were about to start. "We can't do anything now, we are in school. But we need to find whoever they were and talk to them after dismissal." Jasper was formulating plans as he spoke. Jasper was in the Civil War and prided himself on his battle techniques. We all nodded in agreement before heading to our respectful classes. I had biology next. My eyes were scanning the halls looking for the two girls. Before reaching class I had not seen either one, but as I turned into the doorway of the biology room, I saw the brown haired girl, Bella, sitting at the only table with an empty seat. Her headphones were in, again, but her eyes were closed. I narrowed my eyes at her and watched her as I quietly made my way to the open chair. I made a point of scraping my chair against the floor to get her attention. I wanted her to know I was aware of her presence and her knowledge. I sat down and turned my upper body to her as if to introduce myself. Her eyes slowly opened as if I had not alarmed her. She turned her head towards me and looked at me with a blank expression. Bella did not appear fazed at all that she was staring down a stone cold murderer. I noticed that Bella seemed different as well. There was something strange about her eyes as well as her complexion. I opened my mouth to casually introduce myself, but she did not give me the chance. "Jessica!" Bella called to a girl in front of her. Her voice reminded me of Alice and Rosalie's. A curly, brown-haired girl turned around. She was wearing a lot of makeup, and I recognized her from lunch; she was having some vivid day dreams about me and my brothers. Jessica glanced at Bella before her eyes landed on me. Jessica grinned at me before practically running to my side of the table. She leaned over, I suppose to try and show off her "goods", before addressing Bella. "Yeah Bella, what's up?" Jessica asked casually as she glanced at me. "I was wondering if you wouldn't mind switching seats with me. It's so cold over here." Bella whined a little at the end and made an act of rubbing her arms. I furrowed my eyebrows and narrowed my eyes. Bella was wearing long sleeves. She was trying to get away from me. I glared at her but she didn't acknowledge me. "Sure! No prob!" Jessica answered before running back to her seat and grabbing her things. Bella stood up and walked past me as if nothing was wrong. My eyes followed her the entire time she walked to the front of the room. Jessica turned to me to start talking, but the bell rang saving me from having to listen to her annoying musings. Unfortunately, the bell could not stop her thoughts. I could feel my dead brain throbbing. I continued shooting daggers at the back of Bella's head. She seemed as though she didn't care. I watched as she doodled as the teacher droned on about expectations. I found myself wondering what she was. Something inside me told me she was not human. It was a ridiculous thought, for one I had no proof and secondly there were no other mythical creatures besides vampires and the shapeshifters in La Push. I listened closely to see if I could hear her thoughts again. Nothing. But I did notice her heartbeat was abnormally fast. Not like the fast, adrenaline pounding of a humans when they were nervous or scared. It was a steady thrumming, like that of a hummingbird's. I took a nonchalant deep breath and was struck by an