So this has been bugging me a lot lately; always kinda there in the back of my head. So I have decided to begin writing it. I do hope you find it an enjoyable read. Please R & R, tell me what you think :) Gandalf walked into the small, quiet village of Bree. The night air brought a cold chill that caused his cheeks to redden slightly and his breathes to come out in a light fog. Looking up to the sky Gandalf spotted the grey clouds rolling in; bringing with them the smell of rain. Turning his grey eyes towards the Prancing Pony Inn Gandalf smiled as he recalled the last time he had been here to see the very person he was looking for now. Melveril was definitely a difficult Elf to track down when she wanted to stay hidden but Gandalf had made sure to keep a close eye on her since they parted ways sixty years ago. Walking into the crowded tavern Gandalf looked around at the drunken men and laughing women - everyone in high spirits - looking for the familiar head of curly brown hair. His smile grew soft when he found her in the exact corner she had occupied the last time; still staring absentmindedly out of the window that was slowly collecting moisture. She was gazing up at the night sky as the grey clouds covered the bright stars like a blanket. Her once cautious and cold brown eyes flicked back and forth between the still starry sky and the now cloud covered areas; long ago had they softened. Gandalf watched as her ruby coloured lips turned up into a gentle but sad smile; making her look like a mysterious beauty. He quickly made his way through the crowd - eager to speak to her again after so long - but before he could speak a word upon reaching her Melveril spoke up, " mê g'ovannen Gandalf. Trevaded and? " Gandalf watched as her head turned to him slowly - like she was afraid she may have mistaken him for another - and she sent him the soft smile she had once only ever reserved for him; until she had met the others. Until she had grown closer to a certain company of Dwarves and a very adventurous Hobbit. " Am man oduleg hi? " Melveril questioned wearily when she saw the poorly hidden panic in her old friend's usually happy grey eyes. "I found it; all these years Bilbo has carried it." At the mention of Bilbo Baggins - a Hobbit she had not seen since she had walked away from Erebor; away from the memories of him - Melveril sat up straighter, "what does Bilbo carry?" "The One Ring," Gandalf replied as he looked to her with frightened eyes that seemed to be begging her to tell him what to do. The air around Melveril seemed to drop by ten degrees at the mention of the Ring of Power. She shivered as she looked from her friend to the window once more; trying desperately to be strong for her friend instead of revealing how frightened she truly was. "Does Bilbo still possess the Ring?" she asked; her voice shaking slightly at the thought of what that could mean for her darling Hobbit. The first person besides Gandalf to ever show her kindness since she had lost everything. Melveril stopped herself from thinking about all the things that could go wrong and instead gazed back at Gandalf. Gandalf shook his head and Melveril relaxed minutely; letting her shoulders sag in relief. The relief quickly died like a delicate flower under the harsh sun when Gandalf spoke once more; his tone grave, "no. Frodo Baggins; Bilbo's nephew now has possession of it." Melveril's eyes snapped to Gandalf, "it's still in the Shire?" she asked with a frantic voice. A voice that put Gandalf on edge for he had never heard it come from her until this moment; Melveril was always level headed - a huntress - a warrior. Gandalf gave her a small nod before jumping from his chair as Melveril pushed her's back and started hurrying through the tavern full of people who had no clue of the dangers that lingered so close. "Melveril! Where are you going?!" "I sensed it this morning Gandalf! It's why I had come to Bree," Melveril replied hurriedly as she walked hastily through the empty and dark streets of Bree towards the stables. When a weathered hand gently grabbed her arm she turned to face Gandalf who was looking at her with a look of caution and curiosity. "What did you sense child?" Melveril's face paled; making her already white skin seem translucent in the dim light coming from the half closed doors of the stable, "I don't know Gandalf but I sensed something dark; and it couldn't of been that damned object. Gandalf something is going to happen to the Halfling. We have to hurry!" Gandalf nodded to her - trusting the instincts that had kept her alive all these long years - as Melveril quickly pulled Shadow from her stable, "you can ride with me. We have to hurry; I have no clue how long we have." When they were both mounted Melveril urged Shadow into a run; she knew her horse was one of the fastest she had seen in Middle-Earth and she prayed they reached the Shire in time. Melveril couldn't be late for a second time; not again. As they rode Melveril found her mind wandering; wandering to the halls of Erebor. Wandering to her last argument with the King under the Mountain; only days before everything went so horribly wrong: "You will work them to their deaths if they do not rest!" Melveril yelled as she glared so fiercely at Thorin that the ice in her eyes could have frozen even the great Smaug's fire. Melveril had heard of the sickness that lay on the Mountain; she had heard the conversation between Smaug and Bilbo. She had so desperately wanted to believe that somehow Thorin was able to resist but as she stared at the once honourable Dwarf all she saw was lust. Lust for the gold; for the jewels. A lust that could only come from Dragon Sickness and Melveril was afraid that he was too far gone to be saved. "The Arkenstone is in these halls and they will search until it is found," Thorin replied greedily as he studied another jewel; this one a brilliant emerald that shined brightly in the light of the fire. "The Arkenstone? Is that all you care about?! What about your people?! Your friends?! Do they mean nothing?!" Thorin's head snapped to her and his eyes held so much hate that Melveril felt her instincts screaming at her to suck up her pride and get out of there as fast as possible. But Melveril was stubborn; she wasn't going to let a man that barely reached her chest boss her around. "You presume much about me Elf," Thorin hissed and Melveril cringed internally; so they were back to Elf now were they? "It is not presumptuous if it is fact," she stated firmly. "Thorin you are sick; can you not see that? The stone is not as important as the health of your friends; of your family." "That stone is more important than anything," Thorin stated with a rough voice - filled with conviction and accusation - Melveril took a step back as he approached her. She still was not comfortable having people so close. "It is the King's Jewel. And am I not the King? Mark my words Elf; if you have found it and are keeping it from me you would of wished you had perished in Mirkwood." Melveril's face went blank - like a sheet of parchment - no emotions, no glares or smiles. Thorin was so close to her now that she could feel his chest pressing against her stomach. Thorin must of noticed this too because Melveril watched as he took a step back; his nose scrunched up as if he had smelt something horrible and a sneer so cruel on his face that Melveril wondered if he was indeed the Dwarf that had set out on this journey a year ago. Bending at the hips Melveril lowered her head until her mouth was right by his ear; her warm breath ghosting over the cold flesh and through his long hair. Melveril smirked softly when she saw him visibly shiver before she whispered coldly into his ear, "if I had found that jewel Thorin Oakenshield; I would sooner destroy it than give it to you." Thorin reeled back as if she had threatened to kill his own family before his face settled into a look of pure rage. Melveril - with all her training and skill - had not been able to move fast enough to dodge the back of Thorin's hand that collided with her left cheek; the sound reminding her of lightning cracking across the sky. With a tight jaw - which was quickly turning red - Melveril raised herself to her full height; towering over the shocked and angry Dwarf. No words were spoken as Melveril turned on her heels and hurried from the large room; managing to keep the tears at bay until she had found a dark corner in the depths of Erebor. Only than - when she was truly alone - did Melveril let a tear fall. A single tear. Because the times that were soon approaching required her to be focused; even if she wished more than anything to let her mind wander until even she could no longer find it. They arrived in the Shire sometime later and Melveril told Gandalf to go on ahead of her whilst she found a place to tie off Shadow. Truthfully she just needed a place to collect herself before she faced people she had never met before. Sure Frodo was a relative of Bilbo's but she had not seen or spoken to Bilbo since she had turned her back from Erebor; from her family. Leading her faithful companion to a nearby field she found the most comfortable area she could - a soft patch of green grass that was nicely shaded by the large tree - before tying Shadow's reins to it, "I will return for you as soon as I can my darling." Shadow merely huffed as she pushed Melveril with her head; making the Elf laugh before she rushed to the familiar Hobbit hole. When she arrived it was to a trashed house. Furniture was overturned, draws were scattered and empty and it looked like a goblins pit with everything cluttering up the floor. "Gandalf! Gandalf we are meant to be looking for it not destroying Bilbo's home!" "There is no time!" Gandalf yelled back to her from somewhere in the kitchen and Melveril decided she would search the library - she knew whether he was here or not that Bilbo would not like someone destroying his precious books - smiling at the thought she made her way to the library. She had been looking through the bookcase when she stumbled upon a drawing that had her heart clenching painfully. It was Fili, Kili and Thorin. Melveril felt a tear fall as she traced the sketched image of Thorin; the only Dwarf she had been unable to save. He looked just as she remembered; so regal and important. An air of pride and honour. He was a man that inspired loyalty in all those he met. And she had failed him; all because of her promise: Thorin looked into her eyes with a look that was half pleading; half ordering. He grabbed her hands - his rough, calloused fingers warm against her soft, pale skin - and spoke to her in a rushed tone, "promise me you will protect my nephews. Promise me they will survive this. The