Disclaimer : I own nothing! Suzanne Collins and BookwormBabe93 created this She's a Survivor That One Chapter One 70th Hunger Games: The Beginning Katniss Everdeen sighed heavily, today was the day that could be her death sentence. After all, today was the reaping for the 70th Hunger Games. At 12 years old Katniss should've been safer than most people in District 12. However, after her father died in a mining accident when she was eleven and her mother decided to give up on life; Katniss became the sole provider of her family of five so she had to take out the tesserae as many times as possible. Her sister Freesia was ten, Primrose was eight, and her little brother Telstar was only six. No amount of their begging, pleading, and crying from any of them could get their mother to act like what proper mother should. For that, Katniss would never forgive her especially after how when Telstar started calling Katniss 'mommy' and her mother didn't even react. Katniss had taken out six slips; she marked the father line on the tesserae just so they could have even more food. That's seven slips of paper that say Katniss Everdeen on them, seven chances she might die soon and leave her little butterfly, her little duck, and her little monkey in the hands of their useless mother. "It's not going to happen, there are still thousands of slips." Katniss whispered to herself, drawing some comfort in her beloved woods. "Talking to yourself there, Catnip?" Gale asked. Katniss smiled they've known each other for a little over a year now, their fathers died last January in the same mining explosion, Katniss started hunting mid-March after finding hope from the boy with bread, soon after she met Gale in the woods but it took a while for them to become friends. In fact, it was last year's reaping when they both realized their hunting partnership had somehow became a very close friendship. "How many?" Katniss asked softly. "Twelve." Gale answered curtly. " I'll look out for them for you" Katniss promised sincerely. Gale looked up at her in surprise but genuinely touched, he took her hands into his, which was the first time they had direct physical contact with each other. "Thank you, Katniss" He said while smiling softly at her. "They won't pick you, Catnip. You only have what six slips? You will be safe, don't worry" "Seven, actually" Katniss corrected him without looking towards his direction. Gale was shocked and a little more worried. "What? How's that possible?" "I marked the father box, so we would have more food for Tel. I know I shouldn't have but he's my little monkey. He's so young, I want him to be healthy as possible." Katniss explained softly. Gale looked at her with a mix of admiration and exasperation. Katniss' love for her younger siblings was something that made you respect her because everyone in District 12 knows there wasn't anything she wouldn't do for them. However, that didn't make it any less exasperating that she had so little regard for her own well-being, since she was always focused on theirs. "What am I going to do with you, Catnip?" Gale chuckled, as he looked at her fondly. "Just promise me that if I am picked, that you will look after them?" "It's a pact, one of us will always make sure our families are fed." Gale said seriously. "How many do you have this year?" Katniss asked. "Eighteen" Gale grunted, as they got up and started to hunt. "Katniss Everdeen" Effie Trinket called out over the noise of the displeased muttering crowd of District 12. Katniss wasn't even shocked, as the annoying Capitol escort announced her name as this year's female tribute, she had a gut feeling this would happen and it did. She didn't cry or tremble at her fate, she glared in pure anger as she heard her mother and sisters' sobbing, she shook in absolute fury as she had to hear Tel's cries of "Mommy! Mommy! Don't go". She kissed his cheeks as Gale pried her family off of her. She climbed on stage with her deadliest glare on her young pretty face, as she looked at the unhappy half-heartedly clapping crowd. The Capitol caused her family this pain and she may die for their entertainment but she vowed to make them pay for Sia, for Prim, and for Tel having to lose the person who's kept them alive for the past year as their mother wallowed in self-pity. Katniss was so mad she barely heard, "Cole Black". As she shook the 17 year old Town kid's hand, she couldn't help but be relieved that it wasn't Gale and it was someone that has no survival skills to speak of. The goodbyes, were so hard not to cry through. Her mother was unresponsive, Sia and Prim wouldn't stop crying, and Tel wouldn't let her go until Sia finally pried him off. The Hawthorne's, Greasy Sae, Madge, and the Baker all made promises to take care of her family while she was gone. Her sister Sia gave her a charm bracelet with a Katniss flower, a Freesia, a Primrose, a Telstar flower, and even a Thorow-wax flower (after their father Thorow Everdeen) as her district token. Katniss was happy she appeared bored when watching herself in the cameras. Looking at her district partner Cole who was crying, she couldn't help think that he wouldn't last long. Their so called mentor Haymitch Abernathy looked at them, and only said four words: "They won't last long." He passed out after choking on his own vomit before the recap of the reapings began: District One Tributes: Sparkles Adley, 17 years old pretty 5'8 blue-eyed blonde Career*J asper Reece, 18 years old 6'2 brown-eyed blonde another Career District Two Tributes: Spatha Dearborn, 16 years old 5'11 brown-eyed brown haired Career * Kalis Baird, 18 years old 6'4 green-eyed brown haired Career District Three Tributes: Nodel Ellis, 14 years old 5'6 brown-eyed brunette * Oram Fell, 15 years old 5'7 blue-eyed brunette District Four Tributes: Koi Cross, 16 years old 6' green-eyed raven haired Career* Dace Boyd, 17 years old 6'3 blue-eyed blonde Career District Five Tributes: Gitta Irons, 13 years old 5'2 green-eyed red head* Watt Gorman, 15 years old 5'5 hazel-eyed brunette District Six Tributes: Fascia Jarred, 14 years old 5'3 blue-eyed brunette* Piston Hyde, 13 years old 5'1 brown-eyed brunette District Seven Tributes: Kaya Lofton, 17 years old 5'5 blue-eyed brunette* Spruce Knowles, 16 years old 5'9 green-eyed red head District Eight Tributes: Velvet Jennings, 18 years old 5'1 brown-eyed brunette* Russet Kennish, 15 years old 5'7 blue-eyed brunette District Nine Tributes: Kasha Jaffrey, 17 years old 5'2 green-eyed brunette* Farro Lodge, 14 years old 5'6 brown-eyed brunette District Ten Tributes: Ayrshire Niel, 16 years old 5'5 hazel-eyed brunette* Friesian Shaw, 16 years old 5'7 blue-eyed blonde District Eleven Tributes: Papaya Tilden, 17 years old 5'1 brown-eyed brunette dark skin* Haulm Olcott, 14 years old 6'2 brown-eyed brunette with dark skin Haulm deeply reminded me of Gale in his mannerisms; it didn't help that there were three little kids clinging on him just like Gale's younger siblings. District Twelve Tributes: Katniss Everdeen ; It was weird seeing all 5'4 of my 12 year old self, my grey eyes were blazing with an inner fire that made them more striking than usual, my long dark hair in an elegant braid Sia did for me, and the expression on my face screamed 'survivor'. Cole Black. Comparing that to Cole Black's hopeless crying 5'8 blue-eyed blonde form, there was a good chance District 12 would have a victor this year….and it wouldn't be some town kid who had already given up the fight. Katniss' prep team didn't have to do as much because she was only twelve and already a beautiful girl. Katniss didn't have to wait long for her stylist to arrive, she was shocked at how normal and young he was. "Hi, I'm Cinna" Katniss looked up at him, shocked by the lack of a Capitol accent. "Katniss" She said cautiously. "I saw your reaping, your eyes looked like ashes from a deadly fire. An idea struck me, why is District 12 only considered the mining district? I don't know how people forget fire plays a big part in mining. After all isn't fire the cause of most of the mining accidents?" Katniss flinched, as she was reminded of the loss of her father. "Is there a point to this? It's not like you plan to set me on fire are you?" She asked him sarcastically. Cinna chuckled, but his breath was caught in his throat once he saw those stunning fiery grey eyes glare at him. "No, I have plans to stimulate fire but they will take years to work perfectly. Which is a shame, you would make an amazing 'Girl on Fire'. But for tonight you will be a little flame." Cinna held out a long halter dress with swirls the color of ashes on it, the top of the dress was red that slowly faded into orange, and by the time the dress reached Katniss' toes the dress was yellow. Katniss didn't recognize herself and yet at the same time she did, the dress seemed to emphasize her best features. Cole looked good too but Katniss couldn't help thinking the fiery look didn't mesh with his personality like it did with Katniss, so he looked out of place next to her. Katniss and Cole did the training without speaking to each other. They never received any advice from their Mentor Haymitch, who continued to ignore them and spent all of his time drinking. When he finally decided to address them it was after the releasing of the private training scores. District One Tributes: Sparkles Adley- 8 Jasper Reece-8 District Two Tributes: Spatha Dearborn- 9 Kalis Baird-9 District Three Tributes: Nodel Ellis-6 Oram Fell-6 District Four Tributes: Koi Cross- 8 Dace Boyd- 9 District Five Tributes: Gitta Irons- 4 Watt Gorman- 6 District Six Tributes: Fascia Jarred-3 Piston Hyde-2 District Seven Tributes: Kaya Lofton-6 Spruce Knowles- 6 District Eight Tributes: Velvet Jennings-4 Russet Kennish-5 District Nine Tributes: Kasha Jaffrey-3 Farro Lodge-6 District Ten Tributes : Ayrshire Niel-5 Friesian Shaw-5 District Eleven Tributes: Papaya Tilden-4 Haulm Olcott-9 District Twelve Tributes: Katniss Everdeen-7 Cole Black- 5 Haymitch Abernathy chuckled, mostly out of surprise that the little girl managed to do the second best out of all the non-careers. "Well, I'll be damned the little sweetheart did better than you boy. Now, I'm curious what did you two do during your sessions?" Cole shrugged, slightly shocked Haymitch was addressing them "I threw a knife and just ran around tell they told me to go." Haymitch chuckled darkly. "And you sweetheart?" Katniss glared at the drunk of a man with fiery hatred in her eyes. "You'll find out, once the games begin just like everyone else. Unless, you are too busy choking on your own vomit again." She said sarcastically. Cole, Portia and Cinna laughed, Effie tried to hide her laughter in a very unconvincing cough, and the Avoxes tried to hide their smiles. Haymitch stared at her dumbfounded, before he burst out into loud laughter. "You got spunk sweetheart , I like that but it won't change the fact you are going to die." As Haymitch, went to pick up his drink Katniss threw a knife in between his fingers. Everyone else jumped startled, while Haymitch continued to stare at the girl, who seemed be full of surprises. "You got booze sugar , you like that but it won't change the fact you are going to die of guilt." Katniss mocked his patronizing tone before she stormed out of the room. "Damn" Haymitch said deeply shocked yet extremely impressed as he stared at the knife lodged deeply into the table in between his fingers. Haymitch wanted to finally to get involved with his tributes after