Pass the Lemons Theme: Valentine's Day Gift Requests: Modern Au!, Magical Realism! Prompt: Hermione never knew Tom had feelings for her until Valentine's day. Include how he shows her Rating : T Warnings: language, confusing and may require several thorough readings When Andromeda escapes the rocky cliffs with her lover, she doesn't think of the consequences. All she cares about is that man holding her hand and the child beginning to grow inside her. Nymphadora is tucking back a rogue platinum blonde hair behind Draco's ear when her cousin asks with a yawn, "Can you tell me the story?" She raises a sculpted eyebrow at his question. "What story? The one about why my hair is pink?" "The one about the library man and the lighthouse lady," he corrects her as he rolls his eyes. Dora was clearly becoming a bad influence on her cousin. She hesitates before explaining, "It's a long story and you're falling asleep." "No I'm not!" Draco argues with all the might a seven year old can. Between the pout and the crossed arms, Dora knows a temper tantrum is on the horizon. "It's boring," she sighs. "Plus you're scared of the library man. Wouldn't it be more fun to tell me about what Harry wants to name his new little sister?" It's Draco's turn to huff as he whines, "Why doesn't anybody ever talk about the her?" Dora glances back at the door, and upon seeing it's locked, whips her head around like an owl. Suddenly she's looming over him and whispering so quietly he has to strain to hear. "If I tell you the story, you can't tattle." Draco knows she's talking about last month, when Draco had ratted Dora out to his mother Narcissa for having asked the servants what they knew about her long lost mother. He looks up at her with big eyes, "I won't tattle this time, I promise!" Draco holds up his pinky as a peace offering, and she quickly links pinkies with him. She starts, "In a galaxy far, far away-" but Draco chimes in. "That's Star Wars, silly. Tell it right," he commands. "Okay, okay," she laughs. "Once upon a time, but not so long ago . . ." Spring Tom had driven all through the night, anxious to move into his new home. He began unpacking his few belongings as dawn approached the little fishing village of Hogsmeade. While locking his car, he noticed two key facts: one, that the sun was barely visible through all the fog this early in the morning, and two, that the brightest light he had ever seen was waltzing across the forest floor on the other side of the bay. Tom cast his eyes down to watch the light's reflection in the water, the main source nearly blinded him. He could make out his own shadow close to the water's edge, the figure far taller than himself, with tendrils of darkness slithering around him, his red eyes contrasting with the dark green of the water. Tom jumped back and scuttled into his cabin to sleep, not noticing how the shadow slithered across the water towards the light source. Tom Riddle, boy wonder, believed his ability to adapt was his strength. When life gave him a stack of lemons, he used the juice to attack his enemies and the leftover pulp and skin to build a ladder out of the dreary town that birthed him. So, like any other dilemma he had ever faced, Tom devised a plan. It all started with avoiding the bay and it's bizarre light. Both were irreversibly linked and revealed his true self, and he couldn't have that happen. The people of Hogsmeade didn't need to know what he had done to get here; only that he was a talented young storyteller looking for a job named Mr. Ripley. He learned to synchronize his schedule with the light tower - driving out to work before dawn when the light still flashed at the top and not leaving the safety of town before the light ignited at night. It seemed the entire town followed this schedule - with school children and townspeople alike taking the "night bus" at irregular and darkened hours. After his first two months of warming up his boss and mulling over the issue of the lighthouse, Tom asked "Professor" Horace Slughorn about how long the town had been this way. In a voice muffled by the chewing of taffy, Horace told him that this particular light, who had been in place for thirteen years, had a particular effect on the townspeople, so much so that people veered away from the water. Tom chuckled a bit, and Horace gave him a wounded look. "I'm sorry," Tom apologized, "I thought you said 'she' for a moment Professor." Horace coughed. "I did. Her name starts with an H, don't quite remember what it is. Hannah? Helga?" "I take it people often speak to the lighthouse?" Tom posed in an inquisitive manner, not quite sure whether his boss was kidding or not. "People don't go up there, not when she can see into their souls. Minerva is the only one who's talked her - practically raised, even. Minny's luckier than most of us - her shadow is just a cat." Tom found himself questioning if he's referring to the gray tabby cat who lurks outside the town gazebo. He ran a hand over his unshaven chin, thinking for a moment. "Does the light ever leave its house?" "Once a month she comes into town for groceries and books. People leave them outside their stores as an offering. Apparently you can be blinded if you look directly at her, which no one wants." Horace refused to say anymore on the matter. Tom Riddle found himself in a pickle; while his soul's dark depths being revealed was a deterrent, the curiosity of meeting such a powerful person was far more appealing. Tom decided right then and there - he would meet this "H". Summer It took another month of waiting before their meeting took place. He had to bribe one of the Weasley boys, Percy, with the ability to take home as many books as he pleased for summer reading, but he finally figured out when and where she went on her monthly visits. On a muggy Thursday morning, she made her way into town. Everyone had prepared for the event - the hardware store in town had been selling specialized shutters just for the occasion. The sunglasses he stole from the town two stories ago sit on his head as he waits for her on the library steps - Tom refused to show any signs of skittishness before H. He's a little more than disappointed to find out she's an average looking girl, wearing in a blue checkered dress and carrying a wicker basket. She was the little girl stuck in Kansas, not the heroine who had returned from Oz with dream of ruby shoes. At the edge of the library fence, she finally took notice of him. "What do you need to do to win your bet? Wait, no, let me guess - take my photo?" She approached him on the steps, hands on hips after setting her basket down. "Despite what you inbreds think, I am not an art exhibit or a zoo animal or a monster, I-"she stopped to gawk at him. "I. . . Thomas Riddle?" Now it was his turn to gawk at her. No one in town knew his real name. Had she really seen into his soul? "Sorry, ma'am, you've got the wrong guy. My name is Tom Ripley," he lied with the ease of years at this game under his belt. She propped up her sunglasses on her forehead to get a better look at him, tilting her head slightly in thought. "Why are you lying? You're obviously Thomas Marvolo Riddle! Same trio of freckles above your eyebrow and everything." Before he could blanche his way out of her scrutiny, she laughed. "It's so good to see someone from Little Hangleton! Has the town changed? Did the mayor ever marry the dance teacher?" It took him a moment to respond. She knew Little Hangleton - apparently she was from there. But it wasn't the kind of town where people moved away - everyone knew everyone and there were no secrets. Unless . . . Unless it was the little girl in the year below him whose family had died in a car accident. "Hermione?" "You never knew me, I was in the grade below you," she rushed. "But I remember reading your essay in the school paper about the disappearance of Amy and Dennis and I was really impressed at the time. Did you ever end up being a writer?" Tom began to form the distinct impression that Hermione had been cooped up inside that lighthouse for the past thirteen years with no one to talk to but the gray tabby cat now sitting in her basket. The cat, Minny, hissed at Tom as a warning. "Um, let me tackle all those at once. The town hasn't changed at all. The mayor married the flowershop woman, so the dance teacher started an affair with the town constable. I am a writer." "That's wonderful! How did you get stuck in Hogsmeade?" Tom shrugged, more focused on the small halo of light that twinkled around her form. He hadn't noticed it before when she was in the sunlight, but in the shade of the doorway it caught his eye. "Needed a change of scene. I have your books," he said as he grabbed the designated rucksack filled to the brim. "Oh, I won't be needing that," she dismissed as she pulled a key from the pocket of her dress. "Let's go in, shall we?" Without saying much more, Hermione slipped inside the cool halls of the library. Minny the cat gazed at him in a knowing way before hopping down and following her ward. Falling in line, Tom entered his workplace too. Even from the front entryway, he could see Hermione in the stacks at the back of the library - her sheer glow illuminating the entire space. "Horace always gives me the same set of books - it's all elementary school grammar that I learned before ever coming here. Idiot ," she huffed under her breath. And as Tom approaches her to inspect what's she reading, he's surprised to find herself in the "how-to" section. Under her arms is today's newspaper, an anthology by Grindelwald, another book in what looked to be Russian, and how-to on tying knots. Perhaps she wasn't as average as he had first thought. "Do you not get the newspaper?" "Unless I'm in town, no. They refuse to set up any wifi at the house, and everyone's too scared to come out and deliver the paper. Well, Victor used to, but he, um, moved," she swallowed nervously, casting her gaze away. "No one wants their son dating a light bulb," she mused. "We'll have to fix that then," he smiled. Autumn "I haven't done this since I was 11," she confessed with a light-hearted laugh as the sun began to set behind them . There are flecks on pumpkin in her hair and orange pulp under her fingers, and Tom thinks to himself that he's never seen anything more beautiful. "What do you think?" she asked him as she held up her design for him to inspect. Compared to his simple snake etched in pumpkin, hers was a masterpiece. "You captured them perfectly - down to the gnarled hands and steaming cauldron," he praised. Hermione explained as she set the pumpkin down and began to clean the residue off of herself, " Macbeth was always one of my favorite's growing up." "Something wicked this way comes and all that?" He teased her, from his spot on her porch, unable to move under the kneading paws of Minerva.