A/N: Just an idea. '…' Stands for new scene. Here we go! … "Haymitch, who's that?" Peeta asked, looking over at the District Four girl talking to Johanna Mason. He hadn't been able to keep his eyes off of her the entire parade, even with Katniss by his side. That little fishnet dress barely covered her butt and left very little to the imagination. It had even left her navel completely bare. You could just make out the slight indents of a defined stomach from where he stood by his chariot. Her stylists had obviously been trying to capitalize on her beauty and sex appeal. The roar from the crowd and the massive amount of flowers thrown as she passed had certainly proved that it was a winning idea. She was short, maybe only five foot or so, but still held this dangerous aura around her as she nodded her head at Johanna before saying something. Johanna laughed and went on, but he could barely focus on her. Peeta wasn't one to get caught up on a girls looks, after all he'd always loved Katniss and for the last year he had constantly been worrying about either one of them dying, but there was just something about this beauty. Deep brown hair in giant, thick waves swirled around with the slight breeze from the Capitol, big brown eyes framed by long, thick lashes, plump maroon lips, high, defined cheek bones, a lean, olive tanned body, and wide hips crafting into an even bigger butt and shapely short legs. Peeta imagined this was the kind of girl no man could resist. Peeta had never seen girls with curves back in Twelve; no one had enough to eat to look like that. Even if they did this would be different, just being close to her was making him nervous. It was almost like being around Katniss when they'd first been put on that train together so long ago. The urge to talk to her, to comfort her, to protect her. Then again, he bet most guys felt like that around this girl. She was honestly one of the most beautiful women he'd ever seen. Though it was new to him to see a girl with tattoos. In the Seam only a few guys had rough looking ink on their skin, but this girl had it practically everywhere and it all looked very professionally done. From here he could make out a number four in deep black ink on the back of her neck and a howling wolf curled around her left leg with such dramatic detail it looked like it could hop off her skin and attack at any moment. Her arms were both completely covered with black and gray faces but he couldn't figure out who a single person was. Peeta wondered if she got them before or after her victory. "Rani Ganni, District Four. Won three years after our darling Finnick Odair over there. She's lethal, knives, swords, swimming, running, climbing, hand to hand combat and of course, rated the most beautiful girl to ever enter the Games. Very, very popular in the Capitol for her number one kill rate as well. Her arm tattoos there, all the tributes that went in the arena with her. Hell of an intimidation factor. Good eye Mellark. She's defiantly one to watch. If not just for a little last minute scenery before she guts you alive." Haymitch explained before smirking. Peeta simply nodded, a light blush on his cheeks at the knowing look Haymitch was giving him before he glanced over to see Finnick Odair talking to Katniss. As he moved to join them, his eyes narrowed at the older male Victor but out of the corner Rani stole his attention again. She was looking dead at him and held his gaze for a long moment. Her eyes never waverer before she said something to Johanna, patting her on the back and walking right past him to where Finnick and Katniss seemed to be having a very heated conversation. Well Finnick was all smiles and Katniss had that signature scowl on her beautiful, make up caked face and her arms crossed protectively along her chest. He didn't like the infamous Finnick Odair, the Capitol's supposed heartthrob, around his Katniss. He had enough competition as it was. "I'll be back." He muttered to Haymitch, who waved him off carelessly before grabbing a flask from his inner jacket pocket. He followed Rani over towards the two, trying not to stare as her backside and probably blushing again. The curve of her back, down to her wide hips, and shapely legs was so eye catching. No, there was defiantly no one like her in Twelve. No one so, gifted in all the right spots. "Now, now Finnick you're not trying to fuck the fresh meat are you?" She said teasingly when she got within arm's length of the two, knocking him out of his analysis of her. She ran her hand down Finnick's bare arm possessively as she spoke. Peeta was a bit shocked at her language and Katniss's eyes widened just slightly before returning to the cold demeanor she kept in the Capitol. Woman in the Seam didn't speak like that. Well maybe some of the women in the Hob did but not the young pretty ones. He mirrored Rani, standing right against Katniss's back. Rani looked so much like a predator. Her hand was on Finnick's hip, but her eyes were eating Peeta alive, a devilish smile gracing her pouty mouth. It was making it hard to breathe normally and he could practically hear his heart it was beating so hard. Her eyes were endless black pools trying to drag him in and drown him in their depths. "Of course not my darling, simply just seeing if the Girl on Fire here has any secrets." Finnick replied cryptically. Rani finally moved her penetrating stare to Finnick a knowing look on her sculpted face but she didn't comment. Her eyes ran leisurely over his handsome features. "Everything alright here Katniss?" Peeta moved closer to her side, eyes too on Finnick, but not enjoying it like Rani seemed too. Said man laced his arm around Rani's thin waist, pulling her a lot closer than Peeta would have liked. Peeta followed the elder Victor and pulled Katniss close, who seemed a lot more uncomfortable than Rani did, squirming in his grasp instead of lacing her arms around his waist like Rani had Finnick. Were these two Victors together? But didn't Haymitch say Finnick was in love with that girl who'd gone crazy a few years back? And wasn't he like a male prostitute in the Capitol? Or was this just how people always were around the handsome Victor? Peeta had noticed the lusting and hungry looks any girl who walked by seemed to send his way. Especially anyone from the Capitol. Even Katniss had a noticeable reaction when she first laid her eyes upon the career. It was only for a split second but Peeta had not liked that one bit. He was already worried about Gale, he didn't need this supposed 'Adonis' getting in the way too. "Everything's fine Peeta, we should be going." Katniss said with tight lips, tugging at his arm. "Oh what a pity. And things were just starting to get fun. Oh well, be seeing you around then Twelve's." Finnick purred, eyes scanning them both obviously. Rani just chuckled, her own eyes practically peeling off Peeta's skin she was staring so hard. He didn't know whether to blush or be uncomfortable. He had noticed girls had been paying him a lot more attention since the Games ended but not girls like Rani. Not girls who were so beautiful they commanded the attention of everyone just by existing. Not girls that could ever distract him from Katniss. "See you around." Peeta gave the two older Victors one last glance each before letting Katniss turn him away. "Oh I hope we do." Finnick and Rani both spoke at the same time. Peeta found this a little disturbing. It was almost like Rani was the female version of Finnick. Was she a prostitute too? He wasn't sure, he'd never heard anything like that about her. Then again, he never really heard anything about her. He thinks maybe her name had come up here and there from the guys in school, but he never paid much attention. Katniss was always the center of his attention. As he walked away he couldn't help but to peak over his shoulder and notice Rani still watching them intently while Finnick kissed her ear. Her stare was so electrifying that he had to look away before he got dragged in. He looked forward and grabbed Katniss's hand but she only squeezed it before letting it drop again. He wondered if things would ever change. He had known it was all an act and he was grateful she'd helped him survive but he wasn't sure how much more he could take. He felt like he was holding on by a string and Katniss was twirling the scissors between her fingers. … Rani P.O.V I watched the District Twelve's walk away, turning my head to get a good look at the boys ass. He was a pretty thing for a child. Well built, chiseled jaw, big blue eyes, and I defiantly had a thing for blondes. And a cute little bubble butt on that one. How charming. When he turned his head back I caught his gaze, searching his face for something but saw nothing revealing. For now all I seen was their hands join but only for a brief moment before falling to their sides. How interesting. And they were supposed to be engaged? Hmm… "Don't be getting any ideas now my love, we know what's at stake." Finnick pretended to kiss my ear as he whispered to me. I smiled devilishly and turned to meet his lips. Finnick would never be mine, and I always had to remind myself that it was okay. We simply went on dates here and there to please the Capitol gossip and occasionally fucked when his precious Annie wasn't around. He was incredibly fun in bed, and I mean… Look at him. I'm not going to lie and say I wasn't interested in more, but I'd long let go of that stupid strand of immature hope. We were Victors, regardless of what people were told; there was no happy endings for us. "Come, it's training time little girl." He winked, taking my hand and leading us back to our rooms. We were always like this in public; it was expected of us. But regardless of the propaganda and gossip about us both, we were mostly just best friends. He was the only person I trusted in this fucked up place with my mind and with my body. "Finnick?" I purred as we got inside and closed the door. The lavish room barely registered to me. I'd been in the game too long now. No material impressed me anymore. "Yes my dear?" He grinned, knowing the tone of my voice by heart now. I bit my lip and leaned against the dining room table. His eyes ran up and down my body in the usual slut attire I was forced to wear. "Fuck me raw." He just chuckled before picking me up and smashing me against the wall. I could already feel how hard he was under the thin fish net as I wrapped my legs around his toned stomach. He had said I was the only one who got him hard willingly. Annie was immune to sex, and he would never force her to do anything. No, no thoughts of Annie right now. For at least a few days, Finnick was all mine. He bit and sucked down my neck, my hands intertwining into his golden locks as I let out breathy moans. He made