A/N: Just an idea. '...' stands for a lapse in time. Read and enjoy. Review please. I stared at the stage, my eyes wide as everyone turned to look at me. I no longer played with my long braid, arms falling dead to my side. I couldn't move, my heart pounding way too fast was the only thing I could feel. What? "Rani Colucci?" The sickeningly sweet Capitol women called again, fake ass purple eyes searching the crowd. Holy fucking shit, this wasn't some nightmare I would wake up from in a cold sweat… This was real. This was the moment every girl and boy in my district feared beyond all else. Out of the corner of my eye I saw my father. He stood tall at six three, built like a statue. His brown eyes so dark they almost looked black stared at me, face calm but I could see by the twitch of his hand he wanted to run to me and protect me. He nodded at me and I nodded back. I saw three peacemakers start to come over to me so I quickly moved forward towards the stage. My legs worked practically mechanically as I went through the crowd all dressed in their best. I looked back at every face that stared at me in pity. I heard the cries of my mother in the background but nothing really registered as I stopped beside the women on stage, Marta Mandrake. She looked so out of place with her mint green hair and orange tinted skin. Like walking vomit. I wanted to punch her straight in the throat. She tried to put her hand on my shoulder but I moved away. It'd be her last move if she tried again. "And the boy tribute this year, Miles Gustin!" I didn't even look as he stood beside me, not wanting to think about how I might have to kill him soon. All I saw was a scrawny kid with dark hair. The last thing I heard before they removed us from the stage was, "May the odds be ever in your favor." "Fuck." I said under my breath, fists clenched at my side. ... I hadn't paid much attention to my mentors the whole trip, giving their time to Miles. He needed it a lot more than me. I was older, I was trained. When my father had come to see me he reminded me that I was ready. I was just as ready as any career and more so than all the tributes from other districts. He had said "Better it you, an exceptionally trained girl of eighteen than a defenseless child." The words didn't sting; he was right. Better me than some innocent little girl who had no chance in hell. My mother had sworn at him, asking if he had wanted this to happen. He simply gave me a look, and I saw the tears in those black eyes that he had passed down to me. My father never cried, ever. The tears didn't drop, even as he pulled me close and said "This is not goodbye, this is only a matter of seeing each other later. I love you Rani. Be safe. Be smart. Remember what I've taught you and no matter what, you make it home to your family." My mom stared down at me with her big green eyes, blond hair curled to her waist. She was always the picture of elegance but not now, not as she fell to her knees and cried until her whole body shook. I put both my hands on either side of her powdered face and lifted her eyes to meet mine. "It's going to be okay. Stay strong, and take care of dad. I'll be home soon enough." That's all I could say before the peacemaker's came in. They didn't dare touch my father or even think of laying a hand on my mother. They were very respected members of the community and my dad would beat the shit out of anyone who even attempted to touch my mother. "Not my baby! Not my boy!" I caught a glimpse of a thin, brunette woman being hauled away by two peacemakers, pure dread and devastation on her face. "Leave her be." My father said firmly and they instantly let her drop to the floor where she collapsed to the floor and my mother went to her aid just before my door was shut and all I saw was darkness. ... My father had been training me since I can even remember in case this day ever came. My mother always said he was crazy, that my name was on in there once and the chances of me being picked were slim to none. I knew she was thankful now, even if her tears wouldn't be stopping anytime soon. But I had no time for tears, I knew what I needed to do and knew that I would do it. I was good with knives. I wasn't bad with a bow, axe, sword or daggers either. I was even more lethal in hand to hand combat. My father was one of the best trainers in all of the districts, readying the career children in the academies for years and then coming back to our district to train me ten times harder. I briefly thought of the basic tactics. No fires, sleep in high places, no alliances with anyone, no attachments, hide as much as I can and kill as much as possible. The last one didn't faze me like it did others, it was kill or be killed, but I wouldn't kill a child. I wasn't going to be that person or have on my mind for the rest of my life. My father had raised me better than that. Yes, I was ready for this, the fear barely registered anymore. I was not going to disappoint my family. I'd do it for my district. Fuck the damn Capitol. They were all sadistic, power hungry monsters. But I'd play their sick little game and I'd win. ... I watched the rest of the reaping's with Miles and our mentors. I barely paid attention, not wanting to see the fear in the eyes of my competitors. I had to keep my head in the game. I noticed Miles was shaking, he was weak. I didn't blame him, this wasn't a fucking picnic, but he shouldn't be this obvious. Even in our rooms. There was always eyes in the Capitol my father had said. Miles was going to die. Not by my hands, I'd do my best to never put myself in the situation to kill my own district partner out of respect, but there was no doubt in my mind that he wouldn't make it past the first three days at most. Poor, sad kid. ... The parade went by in a blur of lights and cheers. I felt like I didn't even have time to think before they were waxing every inch of my body, covering me in this shit to make my tattoos shimmer and throwing me into the stupid silver electronic themed outfit before pushing me into the chariots. The crowd was frantic, ready for the fresh meat. It made me want to hurl. "Make them like you. Make them want you to live." My father's words echoed in my head. I smiled and waved, noticing Miles try to follow my lead. They were going crazy for me. I knew my beauty had caught their attention. I wasn't stupid, I knew what a tool it could be. I had a very edgy look that they had never seen in a tribute and with the long lashes and blood red lipstick used to enhance my features, they were already under my spell. I watched the chariot in front of me, a small girl and a huge boy, both dressed in gold armor. Careers I knew, probably had volunteered for this 'Honor'. The boy looked my way as the president spoke. I turned before even glancing at his face, focusing on throwing fake daggers are 'beloved' President. The sick, sadistic bastard… When we were finally away from the cameras and I could breathe I ripped my lame ass head piece off and threw it. I didn't want to do all this bullshit, I needed to get into the training room and start figuring out my game plan on how to kill and more importantly how to stay alive. As I waited for them to dismiss us I noticed Finnick Odair talking to his tributes. I leaned against the chariot and watched as he coached them, hyping them up. Filling their heads with lies of how great it was to be a Victor. My father had told me the supposed 'Luxury' of being a Victor. You may survive the games but you sell your soul to the devil himself. Once your name was called you're fucked to hell. Finnick finished his speech and turned to catch me watching him. He smiled that alluring grin I'd seen many times on T.V and winked before turning away. When I looked around it seemed many had their eyes on me, tributes and mentors all sizing me up. If any of them knew their shit they'd know my last name and know I wasn't just any tribute. "They said we can go back to our rooms now." I nodded to Miles, turning away from all the wandering eyes. ... I scanned over myself in the mirror. My tattoos covered my arms, legs and parts of my back and front. My arms were completely covered in portraits of past victors from my district. My hands were covered from wrist to nail in roses made up of their famous quotes. My favorite being from Helinta Mongross, "I'm not here to kill, I'm here to do what I have to do." I said it to myself lowly as my eyes slid along the small inked words. I think my father only let me get them to have an intimidation factor and it worked. The girl tribute from Six had gone to the complete other side of the hallway this morning to avoid me. Without them I'd look like just another short, pretty girl smiling for the cameras. And I was no Glimmer. They gave me the edge I needed and I intended to use it. I braided my dark brown hair high and then wrapped it around my head before pinning it. It was many shades darker than my moms' strawberry blond and just a touch lighter than my father's raven locks. I hadn't gotten much from my mother besides her wide hips and height, barely reaching five foot in all. I looked undeniably like my father, high cheek bones, thick lips, olive tanned skin and high arched brows. I shrugged off the thoughts of my parents, reminding myself that I'd be home soon enough. Do what I had to do, make it a quick game. My stylists had filed my nails to long dangerous points and put red hardening polish over them, saying they wouldn't break for months. They were a last resort but a handy one. I went to the vanity they provided and added my usual makeup, darkened eyebrows, black liner, blood red lips, and long lashes. I added a touch of blush and then pinned up the few strangling hairs covering the back of my neck. I wanted people to see the tattoo there, a large, bold, black '3' representing my district. I began my vigorous stretching routine I did before every training and work out session when Angus knocked. "Come in." I knew it was him from the one firm knock and the wide shadow below the door. Pay attention to details. Another valuable lesson from my father. He entered and did a brief sweep of the room. I'd made my bed before the Avox could and the walls were