A/N: lmao so I started this back in September , I'm the best writer you guys. Smfh. Anyway, this fic is meant to depict depression from an outside POV. As someone who's struggled with depression for most of her life, I wanted to describe how it feels to someone who may have their own interpretation based on what they've observed in others, so in a sense, Will is kind of an audience surrogate here, I guess? Also, it's kind of AU, kind of not? I intentionally left it ambiguous so you can decide for yourself if this applies to your canon or not. Keep in mind that everyone's adults in this fic - there's non-explicit, nondescript nsfw toward the end. Please heed the warnings and take care of yourself. If you feel that reading this is going to leave you mentally compromised, then maybe it's better that you steer clear. And please know that you're not alone in this, you're never alone. Title is from "Broken Open" by Adam Lambert, and also serves as general inspiration for the fic as a whole. Depression is cruel. Will reaches over to silence the shrill beeping of his alarm clock, blindly groping around the night stand until his hand finds the infernal contraption. Once he manages to quell the noise, he slowly sits up and rubs at his tired eyes. He spares a glance at the bright red numbers of the clock - 6:30 AM - as the room is still mostly dark, save for the pale shades of grey filtering in through the windows. It's supposed to rain today, his brain reminds him. Biting back a yawn, Will takes a moment to stretch and pop his back, then turns to the body laying next to him. A pair of dull, dark, bloodshot eyes stare unblinkingly up at the ceiling, and Will frowns. Depression is unfair. It had been a rough night. He'd been awakened by the sound of his boyfriend screaming and crying - just like the night before, and the night before that - and Will had instantly been at his side, holding him and whispering words of comfort into his ears until the sobs stopped. And just like the previous nights, it didn't look like Nico had been able to go back to sleep. Will heaves a sigh. He supposes he can't blame him; he'd long since learned that Nico's dreams would continue to haunt him even during his waking hours. I see it all over again every time I close my eyes, Nico had said to him once: flashes of electricity, the sound of power lines snapping, the scent of blood and burnt flesh, long black curls and a voice he would never hear again. Will understands. He really does. But in times like this, when his boyfriend's condition deteriorates due to his grief, Will feels helpless. Depression is the monster under your bed, in your closet; the monster that invades your mind and makes you believe things that aren't true, that there's no more hope and no more love and no more life. It grips you with its claws and growls all of your mistakes into your ears, all of your doubts and fears. It's the monster that Will wishes he could slay but knows he can't. No, it has to be Nico. He strokes Nico's tangled black hair for a moment before leaning down to press a kiss to his forehead. "Morning, love," he murmurs, brushing a few strands of hair out of his face. "Couldn't fall asleep again?" Nico blinks slowly and turns his gaze toward Will, letting out a shallow breath, and that's as much of a response as Will's going to get. Will bites his lip. "I've got to get ready for work, hon. I'll make you some breakfast if you're feeling up to it?" He gets a short nod this time, then kisses Nico's forehead again and launches into his morning routine that has become almost robotic to him over time. He's in the middle of taming his unruly bedhead when he spies movement in his peripheral vision, and he peeks out the bathroom door to see Nico slowly maneuvering his legs over the edge of their bed. He rubs his eyes and reaches down to pluck one of Will's t-shirts off of the floor, pulling it over his head. Will smiles to himself. On days like this, Nico's hard-pressed to even get out of bed - depression is exhausting - so seeing him sitting up and moving around is a good sign, he thinks. He's strong, he's so strong, Will tells himself, he can beat this. Later, when he's moved on to the kitchen and started the coffee, Nico quietly shuffles in and curls up on the sofa. Will shoots him a smile as he prepares a small breakfast for him, mentally crossing his fingers that Nico will eat more than a couple of bites this time. When the coffee finishes, he moves to sit next to Nico, setting a mug down on the small table in front of them alongside a plate of peanut butter toast and sliced apple. They sit there quietly for a few minutes until Will breaks the silence. "I want you to try and get some more sleep today," he says, sipping on his own coffee. "Reyna's coming soon, so you won't be alone." Nico wordlessly nods again as he sucks on a piece of fruit. Will quietly watches him for a moment, then sighs and scoots closer so he can tug Nico up against his side. "You gonna rest for me today, babe?" Nico picks up a slice of toast and nibbles on a corner. Will lowers his voice and fixes his eyes on Nico's. "I know you've been fighting this one for a long time. I just want you to know that it's alright to take a while to recover, okay? Let yourself heal a little bit before going back into battle." He had once explained to Will that depression was like a war, fighting off the monsters in his mind. Vicious beasts that had repeated over and over, you're worthless. It's your fault that she's gone. You don't deserve to live. And ever since then, they'd used the war metaphor to reference it - making it simpler and easier to understand had helped Nico become more comfortable with expressing how he was feeling. Nico swallows and acknowledges him with another nod. Will continues to sip at his coffee in silence, rubbing slow circles into his boyfriend's back. Nico's about halfway through his piece of toast when there's a knock on the door of their apartment. "It's open," Will calls out, and Reyna lets herself in. They greet each other with sympathetic smiles, and Will finds himself lost in thought when Reyna focuses her attention on Nico. He wishes his work schedule weren't so demanding; such is the life of those in the medical field. He's alright with leaving Nico by himself most days - he knows his boyfriend greatly values his alone time and is quite capable of finding his own amusement - but on days like this, when the cold grip of mental illness takes hold, Will can't help but worry. He knows that when the monsters get the better of Nico, it's all too easy for him to spiral further and further downward until he's all but catatonic with despair. Those are the times when Will worries the most. Those are the times when Will wants to be at Nico's side the most, to hold him and whisper words of encouragement and kiss his frown away, to chase the monsters off, if only for a little while. But, medicine is a time-consuming career, so as much as Will wishes he could stay home to support Nico through his battles, he knows that he has his own duties to attend to. Fortunately, Reyna is strong-willed and more than capable of protecting Nico when he's fallen, so Will is comfortable leaving him in her hands. With a kiss to the top of Nico's head and the promise to check in during his break, Will reluctantly heads off into the cloudy morning. FROM: Reyna, 7:54 AM He had trouble keeping breakfast down again. FROM: Reyna, 9:39 AM Finally got him to lay down about an hour ago, but he couldn't sleep. FROM: Reyna, 9:46 AM Tried to get him to talk to me, but he just broke down… FROM: Reyna, 9:47 AM I can't stand seeing him like this. FROM: Reyna, 11:06 AM Managed to catch Hazel on Skype. They got to talk for a while. FROM: Reyna, 11:06 AM It really helped him mellow out. FROM: Reyna, 11:08 AM [A picture of Nico in front of Reyna's laptop, holding his head in his hands. An image of a concerned-looking Hazel is shown on the computer screen.] FROM: Reyna, 12:35 PM Jason called to check up on him. I put Nico on the phone, but he didn't have much to say. FROM: Reyna, 12:36 PM He did smile a little bit, though, so Jason must have done something right. When Will finally goes on break, the first thing he does is check his phone. When he reads the first few texts, the bubble of worry in the pit of his stomach threatens to boil over and he highly considers taking off early, but the last couple of messages are enough to quell his anxiety. He's had trouble focusing ever since he left the apartment; Kayla had called him out on it the moment she'd seen him. She'd made him sit down for a while to try and get his act together, and it had worked for most of the morning, but… He's always seeing little things that make him think of Nico: the tiny skull sticker on the back of his employee badge (Nico had put it there). A patient he'd seen had the same blood type as Nico (O-negative, the universal donor). The picture of the two of them on his desk (they had just graduated from college and were sharing a passionate kiss). His secretary had asked about Nico's absence (he brought Will lunch almost every day). By the time one o'clock rolled around, she had set aside her paperwork and told him to take his break early, and he'd been reluctant yet all too quick to agree. No matter how much he insisted how "fine" he was, Lou Ellen had always seen right through him and never hesitated to call him on it. That also makes him think of Nico, and he misses his boyfriend's usual snark. When he finishes reading his texts in the privacy of his office, Will immediately dials up Reyna. They exchange greetings, and Will tells her how distracted he's been all day. Reyna sympathizes; she's quick to put Nico on the line, and Will bites his lip at the tired sigh he hears. "Hey, hon," Will greets gently, "how are you feeling?" " Fine, " Nico replies, though they both know he's not. Will doesn't know why he expected anything different. "Reyna said your breakfast gave you a little trouble. Have you eaten anything else?" " No. " "Did you get any sleep?" " No. " Will frowns. He'd known the answer before he even asked the question, but it doesn't lessen his worry. "...I heard you got to talk to Hazel and Jason," he changes the subject, "how did that go?" " Good. " "That's good, I'm glad…" With a sigh, Will resigns himself to the one-word answers that he'd known were coming. At this point, all he can think about is the desire to go home early and hold Nico until they fall asleep. Depression is draining. Will sits there and just talks to Nico for a while, telling him how his day has gone so far. He talks about the little reminders - how he's always thinking about Nico, always - and how Lou