A/N: Hey y'all. Sol isn't dead, not by a long shot, but chapter 9 just doesn't want to be written right now. So I thought I'd post this instead - it's something I work on whenever I wanna break away from the seriousness of Sol in favor of crude sexual humor and shameless shipping. This is a mortal AU, and everyone here is college/university age. Pairings are Solangelo mainly, but also Percabeth, Jasiper, Frazel, Cecilou, and mild Jercy/Pipabeth. SO YEAH. also this was supposed to be a one-shot but it completely got away from me because I'm hot garbage Anyway. Content warning for explicit language, and probably mild sexual content later on. Specifically for this chapter: sexual harassment and graphic descriptions of anxiety. Keep yourselves safe. "Just for the record, let it be known that I hate you both." "We love you too, Neeks!" "Yeah, you love me so much that you're making me stand outside, in the cold, in a long-ass line to get inside a gay club that almost certainly has entirely too many people inside of it for my liking; also the music is so loud that we could hear it from a block away. Yeah. I feel the love, Hazel." "It's not a gay club , Nico, Elysium is open to all genders and sexualities." "Oh, pardon me," Nico drawled sardonically as he hung his head backwards, "I meant to say 'the most popular nightclub in one of the most LGBT-friendly areas in Manhattan'. Thanks for the clarification, Reyna, really ." Reyna simply shook her head and placed her hands on his shoulders. "Trust me, you're going to have fun. I know you're nervous right now, but Nico, you need this ." She gave him a gentle shake, forcing him to look her in the eyes. "You've been cooped up in your apartment for weeks, hermano . Jason doesn't think you've said more than ten words to him since the new year." Nico tugged at his sleeve, averting his eyes. "I've been busy , Reyna. I have so many projects due, and I can't afford to waste time like this…" Reyna pursed her lips in concern, letting go of Nico's shoulders at the sound of her ringtone. Retrieving her phone from her purse, she glanced toward their other companion. "Hazel, reason with him while I take this call," she said before stepping out of the line and walking down the sidewalk. As his half-sister came into view in front of him, Nico let out an exasperated sigh. "You gonna try and convince me that this isn't a terrible idea? 'Cause you're gonna need a hell of a good argument." Hazel's golden eyes were full of worry as she gazed up at him. "Nico, please. We're worried about you - all of us are. You're overworking yourself, you're not sleeping well, and-" she gripped him by his bony wrist, "you're barely taking care of yourself. We've all noticed how engrossed in your art projects you've been, and you've been working yourself sick..." Nico simply stared down at her as she spoke, bringing his free hand up to push it through his hair. "You act like I don't already know this," he replied softly, "I know I haven't been eating or sleeping well. I'm not an idiot." "I didn't say you were-" "I just…" He bit his lip, wrapping his arms around himself. "My coursework is all I know how to do right now, okay? I'm working on a portfolio and it's helping me cope. It distracts me, it helps take my mind off of the depression. Being able to create things like this is what's keeping me sane, Hazel." Hazel pursed her lips and reached up to cup his face in her hands, gently stroking his cheek as he closed his eyes and leaned into the touch. "Don't get me wrong, I'm glad you've found this kind of distraction. I know everything's been so hard on you lately… but you just get so immersed in 'creating' that you're destroying yourself in the process." "Which just makes me want to create even more. I know how unhealthy it is, believe me. But I don't know how to break this cycle, Hazel, I really don't." Heaving a sigh, Hazel leaned forward and wrapped her arms around him. "You just need a break , Nico. It'll be so good for you to loosen up, have some fun, meet a cute guy, anything. Your projects will still be there tomorrow, I promise." "She's absolutely right," Reyna said as she rejoined them. "You need a night of fun and drinks and relaxing. Besides, you didn't do anything for your birthday, did you? Consider this a belated celebration." Nico brought an arm up to drape it over Hazel's shoulders, looking between his two companions. "There's no use in arguing it, is there." "Nope," Hazel replied, offering him a warm smile. With his two favorite ladies giving him such fond expressions and words of encouragement, he found his resolve cracking. "Alright, I'll try to have a good time. Loosen up, have some drinks, or whatever." "You forgot meeting a cute guy," Reyna replied with a wink. "Don't worry, I happen to be an excellent wingman." Hazel enthusiastically nodded in response and gave him a quick squeeze before letting go. "If she can manage to get Leo a date, then there's plenty of hope for you!" Nico rolled his eyes as they finally approached the doors of the club. "This is exactly how I wanted to spend my Friday night: getting dragged to a gay dance club by two women - one of which is my sister and the other who might as well be - both of whom are in committed relationships, and both of whom are set on scoring me some ass 'cause I haven't gotten laid since before my freshman year. Right. Sounds like a blast." "That's the spirit, Neeks!" Hazel grinned, taking him by the arm. "Now come on. We've got a surprise for you." Unsurprisingly, being a Friday night, Elysium was completely packed. Hard techno music pulsed through the entire two-story complex as the trio slowly made their way around the crowded dance floor. Between the artificial fog and the array of lasers and spotlights illuminating the main area, Nico could already feel a headache coming on, his whole body throbbing in time to the music. Why had he agreed to this, again? The atmosphere was the complete opposite of everything he was used to. He still wasn't convinced that he'd have anything resembling a good time - the anxiety was already starting to bubble up in the pit of his stomach as they finally broke away into a less crowded area. With firm grips on both of his arms, Hazel and Reyna led him up a short flight of stairs into an elevated sitting area with large booths and tables. He barely had a second to scan the area before a familiar voice got his attention. "Hey, there he is!" The second Nico looked up, he was swept into a crushing hug by Percy Jackson. He felt the two girls leave his sides as he tried to assess what was happening. " Percy? What the fuck-" "'M glad I called Reyna just now, we seriously thought you were gonna bail, man," Percy replied, pulling back to grip Nico by the shoulders instead. "After all the hard work we put into getting this party ready for you, too!" "Party? What-" Standing on his tiptoes, Nico looked over Percy's shoulder at the full booth behind him. In addition to Hazel and Reyna, seated there was the rest of their group of friends - Annabeth, Leo, Frank, Jason, and Piper. The booth itself was decorated with a few black balloons, and on the table was a large platter of cannoli surrounded by more than a couple of bottles of liquor. Realization dawned upon him, and he couldn't stop the smile tugging at his lips as Percy led him to the table. " You fuckers! You seriously did all this for me? Tell me whose idea this was so I can beat the shit out of them," Nico exclaimed as he exchanged excited handshakes with the others. "Blame your roommate," Piper said, nudging Jason with her elbow. "He's the evil mastermind, we're just his cronies." Jason grinned and slid out of the booth, wrapping Nico in such a strong hug that he was actually lifted off of the ground. Between Jason and Percy, Nico was starting to feel a bit like a deflating balloon. "Son of a bitch, Grace, this was your idea ? I thought you had a date with Piper tonight, you ass!" he squeaked out as he was sat back down on the floor. "Nah, that was just my cover story," Jason replied with a smirk, patting him on the back. "But dude. Bro. You've been stressing yourself out so much that I had to call in an intervention. Please don't kill me, college has totally drained my funeral funds." Nico grinned and shook his head. "Nah, man, it's cool. I really do appreciate it. Thank you, all of you." As Jason pulled away from him, he found himself accosted by Leo instead. "Aww yeah, we got a belated b-day for Nico-d-A," he chirped, pressing a paper crown, exquisitely embellished with the Burger King insignia, down onto Nico's head. "Valdez, that was terrible, and you should be ashamed of yourself." Nico adjusted the paper crown as he waved Leo off, sliding into the booth next to Frank. "So, what, we just got cannoli and booze, or?" "We brought a couple of games," Frank replied as he scooted over to make room for him, "since we figured you weren't much for dancing. Leo has Cards Against Humanity, and before the night is over, you and me are having a Mythomagic duel." " Awesome ." Maybe this night wouldn't be so bad after all. Nico had to hand it to his friends - whenever they did something for each other, they definitely went all-out with it. He shot a grateful look to both Hazel and Reyna, now thoroughly convinced that everything would be worth it. A couple rounds of shots and several cannolis later ("Oh my gods, I'm going to marry whoever made these," Nico said around a mouthful of cream. "Piper and I did! We tried to find an 'authentic' recipe, I hope they're alright," Annabeth replied with a smile. "I am sooooo straight for both of you right now."), Nico was actually feeling pretty relaxed. So much that he remembered that his head was pounding. "I gotta take a time-out," he said, sliding out of the booth, "where are the bathrooms in this place?" Translation from di-Angelese: I need to step out for some fresh air because holy shit this place is loud and I'm a little overwhelmed, I love you guys but I want to love you from a distance right now. "Other side of the dance floor, down that way," Reyna responded, pointing him in the correct direction. "Need someone to come with you?" Nico shook his head. "Nah, I'll be alright. Be back in a minute." And with that, he slipped out of the sitting area and onto the main floor of the club. Now that he was by himself, he could feel how massive the place was - and almost every square inch was was occupied by a body. Being careful not to touch anyone, which was more difficult than he'd anticipated, he slowly wove through the crowd, taking advantage of every gap he could squeeze himself into. Despite the small buzz he had going from the few shots he'd taken, he could feel the bubble of dread settling in his stomach again. Oh. Somehow, he'd managed to wedge himself onto the dance floor, and now he was completely surrounded by gyrating bodies. Girls in crop tops and short shorts - even in January - and