This idea has been knocking around my head since the Force Awakens came out and it spawned a plethora of other ideas, but this one was both the shortest and quickest to come out. I'd like to say I'm going to get some of these other ideas out, but I doubt I could get done before Episode IX is released... I haven't put this as a full cross over because although it stars people from the Star Wars Universe it doesn't delve into any char acter development for them. This is very much a putting characters from the Hunger Games stories within the Star Wars Universe and how I think that would play out. Well, one way it could play out. If you enjoy this, please take the time to review- reviews inspire me to keep going and that the weird ideas that cross my mind are worth slugging out to stories. I feel the need to add a disclaimer is almost pointless- Do you think this is approaching cannon? Do you think I'm making money from this? REALLY? Are you even reading this? [that being said I did try and make details as close to SW cannon as would fit within the changes to the Universe I was making and the facts 'Wookiepedia' supplied me with as confusing and contradictory as they seemed at times] Princesses and Sweethearts Haymitch looked around the bustling party wondering what the hell he was doing voluntarily coming to another one of these. Sure the Empire had finally fallen a year ago; the Panem Sector was under the democratic rule of an elected leader; and to top it off he hadn't been considered a wanted man in all that time too. But that didn't change the question of why he bothered to come to this thing today. "Abernathy! You old scoundrel, I didn't think you'd actually come," a jovial voice called. Haymitch turned and saw the reason he'd come today. "What can I say I'm a sucker for an open bar," he joked saluting one of his old smuggling buddies with his drink. Not that it was an alcoholic drink, but the former smuggler didn't want to appear soft before his old comrade. Forced sobriety had left him crippled during the worst of the War, maybe if he'd just gone easy on it like she'd begged him to then maybe… A growl coming from behind him was the only warning he got before Haymitch found his feet removed from the ground in a Wookie-hug. He should have known; where you find Han Solo, Chewbacca is never far behind. "Hey Chewie, it's great to see you too." The Kashyykian let out a series of growls and roars that had the two men with him grinning. "I'd thought I'd give the look a try. Might make me look more mature; distinguished," Haymitch replied, self-consciously running a hand over his beard. "Looks more like something crawled onto your face and died," Han laughed. Haymitch gave him a playful shove. Haymitch didn't like talking about it, but his hands haven't been as steady since Coin forced his sobriety. Han's face became sombre, "I heard about what happened in the Panem Sector. I'm sorry about your home planet." Haymitch's jaw clenched. He didn't like to think about what his home world went through. He had enough ghosts haunting his nightmares as it was. And one face, not even from home, kept him awake the most. What wouldn't he give to get lost in her blue eyes and have the chance to run his fingers through her golden blond hair one more time? To know he hadn't failed her and had kept that promise. But he did. He failed her. Those kids she did everything to protect were getting better too. He was going to have to come up with something good to tell the boy about why she wouldn't visit when he stopped letting Haymitch brush off his questions about her. Once the boy was a bit better he'd say something; a bit older and able to understand. Yeah, right- he'd been saying that for nearly a year now. Chewie's next comment broke him out of the dark thoughts his mind had wondered to. "I am not a nerf herder!" he defended himself, fighting a chuckle -unlike Han, who wasn't even trying to stop his laughter. "They are birds; they lay eggs, have a lot less meat on them; and its called raising them, not herding." Haymitch knew he was going to get teased regardless. But Han looked good. The last year has been good for him. That girl of his was doing him good. And of all people; Leia Organa! Princess Leia, that is. He was glad she'd fallen for Han. Leia needed someone like Han to keep her on her toes and not any of those pompous politicians. "Hey, I should introduce you to a buddy of mine; he was a moisture farmer before he became a Rebel Fighter. Maybe he can give you some tips." "Real funny Solo. You know, not everyone can knock up a Princess and live the easy life." "You think this is easy?" Han cried indignantly. "This is the eighth function I've had to attend this week , and is the first I've been allowed to invite who I wanted . Not forgetting, I'm the one having to deal with a hormonal, force-sensitive pregnant woman every day! And that's not even mentioning the fact that she has grounded me, and everyone follows her orders because of her role in the Rebel Alliance." Han grabbed Haymitch's jacket and pulled him close. "I haven't left this planet in four months! I'm going crazy!" "I'm not so sure you were sane to begin with," Haymitch commented freeing his jacket from the Corellian's grip. Chewie gave a noise of agreement. "And what the hell do you mean 'force-sensitive'? You believe in that Jedi-fairytale-crap now?" Han and Chewie were quiet and shared a long look between each other. Haymitch felt like he'd missed something huge. "Yeah, I do," Han answered softly. Haymitch couldn't help but scoff. Ignoring the Wookie's growl of disapproval he let his mouth run off on him. "That cooikie religion? I know we all saw some weird and hard to explain shit at the hands of the Emperor and his puppet Vader but it was smoke and mirrors to make them seem all powerful. It was just lies and crap, Han. You're too smart to fall for that kind of con." Han looked into the desperate grey eyes of his friend. Han knew Haymitch couldn't stand a bar of any religion after the Empire took the life of his whole family; after his home-world suffered under the ruling of Moff Snow and turned him into a wanted criminal for doing Snow's bidding. But there was a new ghost in his eyes now. The last time Han had seen him there was a spark in him- a light. Now he looked like a shell of the man who used to race the Telsa Run against him- hell, of the man who met him for re-supplies before they went to Hoth. "I know," he reassured, "I know. 'There's no point praying in an organised religion to a being that ain't even there', I haven't forgotten Mags' words of wisdom. But it's not a religion like that, it's… it's more like a philosophy." Han looked a bit lost halfway through his explanation. "Listen, I know I can't explain it proper. But I do know this; it's real. Let's find Leia or Luke; they can explain it better than I can, they actually understand it too." Haymitch scoffed again but did follow Han when he turned to walk around the greater party area looking for either sibling. "What changed you Han?" Haymitch asked after a few steps. "You were as big a sceptic as they come, and now…" "Luke Skywalker," Han answered simply. Haymitch gave him a look demanding further rationalization. "The things I've seen him do, both from afar and in person… It beggars belief. When I've been with him while he's accessed the Force to do things or teach others to access the Force, the very area around us is… it's like there's-" "A charge in the air?" Haymitch supplied. "You know there's a trick to that; it's called a portable electromagnetic charger." "It's like that, but different . I've been around one of those when someone pulled a con, and it fills the air like that, but feels completely different." Han knew he sounded desperate, but he didn't know how to explain it. "Okay, we were in the Falcon doing a sweep of one of the core systems to make sure there were no more Imperial Star Destroyers lurking around. Luke picks out a planet in a system of five-" "And finds the ship," Haymitch cuts in. "That's a classic set up." "No," Han continues. "We find a downed Destroyer on the scans, but no life signs. Luke insists we go in closer. So, we do. Closer scans still find no life signs. Luke persistently claims there is someone alive there. To shut him I agree to go check the ship, tell him I'll give him half an hour to find them then we're leaving. "So after watching him open the hanger doors from inside the Falcon , Chewie and I follow him to make sure it isn't a trap of some sort. Fortunately it wasn't. Instead we find a woman buried under all this fallen debris in their holding cells; alive . We rush her back to the ship and get her to a medical vessel. Then it turns out she had been an advisor to Aaldaran before the Senate was disbanded and had known Leia for most of her life. They had given her up for dead six months ago when none of their informants could figure out where she was. "That was the day I started believing in the Force," Han finished softly. He looked around the room and started steering Haymitch towards a quieter area. "Come on. Leia said I could invite you because she wanted to meet you." "Meet me?" Haymitch laughed. "Han, I've known Princess Organa since she we was a teen! I did some her first smuggling gigs for her." "For me?" a voice chortled. "We both know who you were risking your neck to see and impress." "I wasn't trying to impress anyone," Haymitch denied a blush spreading across his cheeks. Leia laughed and opened her arms expecting a hug. Haymitch gave a huff of annoyance, but embraced the pregnant woman warmly. "Congratulations Your Highness. I don't know which thought I find most disturbing; that this is a mini-you; a mini-Han; or the fact that it's a mix of you two!" Leia grinned at the ex-smuggler and rubbed a hand over her protruding stomach. "Oh I've had the same thoughts myself. But a mini-me wouldn't be that bad. I was an angel as a child." "Ha. You're forgetting I was charged by your father to make sure you and your friends didn't get into too much trouble on your seventeenth birthday. I've had smuggling jobs on Core Planets, hell, Imperial Destroyers that were less dangerous!" Haymitch pointed an accusing finger at the former Royalty. "It was only dangerous because you kept picking a fight with anyone who gave us a second glance. Well, one of us, anyways," Leia smugly retorted. "I shouldn't have waisted my time should I?" "Oh she loved it; you both did. That's part of what made it equally annoying and amusing." "Well, glad to have entertained you so," Haymitch muttered, attempting to be annoyed, but too amused at his own memories to pull it off. Leia just rolled her eyes, grinning. She gestured back to where she'd been seated and Haymitch nodded following her back to a curtained off area she's been happily seated in away from most of the functions noise. "Maybe