Hayffie Week submission for Thursday- AU. This is set in the Harry Potter Universe, but only minor mentions of anyone from there. Basically, Haymitch, Effie and all their friends/enemies at Hogwarts. And this story just kept going in my mind. Sorry its a lot longer than I'd planed it to be and people may find parts boring... But I couldn't get it out of my head! #hayffieweek #haymitchabernathy #effietrinket #au #hg #hp #hogwarts Haymitch looked up from his Quiddich magazine as he heard people enter his compartment. "Hey, 'Mitch," Chaff called, grinning at his joke as he let his brother, Cinna, and their friends Beetee and Wiress in. "That joke is no funnier than the first time you made it," Beetee commented, barely looking at the larger Gryffindor as he helped his girlfriend put her trunk away, "six years ago." "That's never stopped him before Beetee, I don't think he's gonna change now," Haymitch commented. The Sixth Year Ravenclaw girl sat next to the Slytherin boy. The cabin went quiet as they all looked at her. "I heard about your father," she finally said. Haymitch sucked in a breath and all the boys stiffen at her words. "I'm so sorry Haymitch." She enveloped him in a hug and it took a moment for Haymitch to relax into it. "Thanks Wiress. I'm okay, I promise." The young woman soon pulled back and moved over a seat to lean into her boyfriend. "So," Cinna started, looking between them all, "Any body hear who made Head Boy and Girl?" Haymitch and Chaff shook their heads, but Beetee grinned nodding from his place in the corner. "I swear if you say either Snow or Coin, I'm gonna jump off this train right now," Haymitch muttered. "Not before me," Chaff said, only half joking. Beetee chuckled. "No one will be jumping from the train. Well, not for that reason anyways. Neither of them was made Head this year. The girl from Gryffindor, Paylor was named Head Girl, while Head Boy went to a guy from Hufflepuff; Prewett." "Thank Merlin for that. Although I guess we're still gonna have to deal with all their scheming and petty get backs," Haymitch noted. "How she wasn't in Slytherin, I still don't know." "Hey maybe they'll hook up again. Then they'll be too busy with each other to bother the rest of the school," Chaff commented hopefully. "That'd be too much to hope for." #hayffieweek #haymitchabernathy #effietrinket #au #hg #hp #hogwarts "Will you quit your bitching?" Chaff snapped at his friend. "I get it; you don't like her. You don't want to have to do rounds with her, but suck it up man! At least she's easy on the eye. You wanna swap?" "If I had to do rounds with Crane I'd probably punch his arrogant little face in," Haymitch muttered opening their cabin. "Yeah, well I still might. Then again I might punch another Slytherin's if he doesn't shut up soon." "Things not go well at your Prefect meeting?" Cinna asked. A couple of Cinna's friends found and joined him the cabin while the elder three boys were at the meeting. "Oh, it went fine. Haymitch just isn't a fan of Paylor and Prewett's idea of inter House and Year patrols. Hello Finnick, Annie," Beetee greeted the new additions, squeezing past the two arguing friends to be seated by his House mate and girlfriend again. "Oh, who are you paired with?" Cinna asked. "I got Slytherin's Crane, while he got Hufflepuff's Trinket," Chaff explained. "Oh, you're with Effie? She's great! A little high strung and over organised, but very friendly, very kind-hearted," Finnick gushed. "I'm so glad they made her a Prefect," Annie agreed. "Hey! Congrats Hay-man! They made you Captain of the Quiddich team," Finnick exclaimed, slapping the Slytherin on the arm. "Don't call me Hay-man," Haymitch grumbled, leaning forward to steal a handful of Berty Bots from the Hufflepuff couple. But he did grin proudly when he looked down at the new badge on chest, as he sat down. "Yeah, well they can't do any worse than their last one," Chaff teased sitting opposed his best friend. "How many newbies you gonna have to get this year?" "At least one chaser," Haymitch admitted a distant calculating look in his eye, pulling a face at the flavour he'd grabbed. "You making Mason permanent?" Finnick probed. "She's good enough," Haymitch said with a nod. "And I'll probably look for a spare that fits into the team too. We'll need it against you cheats." "Says the man who pulled a stunt so controversial Hooch had to contact her friend in the league to help determine if it was legal or not!" Finnick called indignantly. "Shut up Odair! Hey Reed, open up," Haymitch called. Obediently Chaff opened his mouth and Haymitch threw the green bean into it. Instantly the Gryffindor boy spat out the bean. "Did you just throw me a snot flavoured one?!" "I dunno, was it?" Haymitch laughed. "I just know I wasn't gonna try it." Chaff jumped on top of him, intending to wack him a few times in the head for feeding him the bean, but a short and sharp tap at the door interrupted the two Sixth Years play wrestling. All the cabin occupants looked up as a mass of pink hair stuck in. "Hi Effie," most of the cabin chorused. "Hi Cinna, Finnick, Annie, Wiress, Beetee," she greeted back, a large smile on her face. "Come on Haymitch, it's time for our rounds." "Relax Sweetheart. They're not going to take the badge off you if you don't start your rounds exactly on time," Haymitch grumbled, shoving Chaff off himself and putting his feet up; making himself comfortable. "Because if they did, you never would have worn yours off the Hogwarts Express," she bit back, the smile never leaving her face. A smatter of stifled laughter went around the cabin. Haymitch didn't know which surprised him more, her quick retort or his own amusement at it. Maybe she wouldn't be too bad to work with on patrols. Then she lifted the bag he'd been resting his feet on, causing him to lose his balance and fall to the floor, and all his friends erupted into laughter. On second thought, she was going to be nothing but a pain. #hayffieweek #haymitchabernathy #effietrinket #au #hg #hp #hogwarts Chaff let out a groan as Haymitch's queen took another of his pieces. The Slytherin boy just chuckled. "Why do I even agree to play you?" "I dunno, chess is not your game, man." Cinna walked up and looked over his brother's shoulder. A chuckle escaped him. "He's got you in five, bro." "Less, if he makes a wrong move here," Haymitch corrected, his confident smirk in place. Chaff sweated under their joint attention, before he gave a loud cry and moved his last Rook. "Less," Cinna agreed. "Hey, you guys been in here long?" Haymitch looked at his watch and thought back. "An hour, maybe an hour and a half. Why?" "Wondering if you've seen Effie." "Morgana have mercy, can't I go one day without hearing that witch's name?!" Chaff exclaimed annoyed. "If I'm not listening to this one," he pointed at Haymitch, "complain about her. And man, you spend way too much time going on about her. I don't care what colour you've made her hair turn or whatever! So, when I'm not listening to him, I'm listening to her love-sick pee-brained boyfriend gush about her on patrol. She went home for the break. I got two weeks of peace!" "Afraid not Chaff. Portia said she saw her bringing her belonging back to the castle earlier today." "Why?" Haymitch asked, while his bishop took another of the Gryffindor's pieces. "I don't know; that's why I am looking for her." "Where have you checked? Her spot by the greenhouses? Or favourite corner of the library?" "Hey Cinna can you give me a hint here?" Chaff implored his brother, pretending he wasn't part of their other conversation. "Nope, you're gone brother. We checked those places and the corridor leading to Hufflepuff's dorms. Do you know of anywhere else she goes?" "You tried Crane's favourite spot? Maybe she's catching up with her boyfriend in some privacy," Chaff offered, sighing in annoyance. "You know, that spot between the Slytherin droms and the potions rooms? He hangs out there." "Why do you know that?" Haymitch looked at his friend confused. "So it's weird for me to know that, but its normal and okay for you to know all Trinket's haunts?" "Yeah, 'cos unlike you, I enjoy talking with my patrol partner," Haymitch scoffed. "You enjoy talking with Trinket now?" Chaff immediately called his friend up on his choice of words. "What's next, you gonna be friends?" Haymitch felt his cheeks flush as what he'd said registered in his mind. Why did he say that? He wasn't in the mood to explain the complicated details of his friendship with Effie Trinket. "Check mate," Haymitch called as his last piece moved. The pieces gave a cheer at his victory, while Chaff's groaned at their loss. He didn't gloat in his win like he normally would. Instead his thoughts were on Effie and where she could be. If she wasn't in any of her usual spots that meant she wanted to be alone. What could have made her seek solitude? She was always sociable, he was the recluse not her. "I'm gonna go for a walk. Nice game mate, you are getting better," he offered Chaff standing and patting the older boy's shoulder. "Good luck finding Effie, Cinna." The two brothers watched him leave the Great Hall and he suspect they both knew he was going on his own search for Effie. Why was the thought of her missing bothering him so much? His feet took him outside near the lake. Where would she go? There were a lot of hiding places in Hogwarts. If someone didn't want to be found that could be done. But she wouldn't want to be alone. Not truly. So where could she go? Haymitch had just reached the tree line when an expected noise caught his ear. Whipping his wand out and spinning to face the tree more fully, he was both surprised and relieved to see her familiar bubble-gum pink hair. "What are you doing out here Princess? Thought you went home for the term break," Haymitch commented, approaching her. "I, er, I just came back today," she stammered, getting to her feet to face him. "Guess your boyfriend will be happy you're here for the holidays then." "Um, Seneca and I broke up just before I term break," Effie explained. "Oh," Haymitch commented lamely. He didn't want to think about the shot of excitement that went through him at this. What did he care who she was dating? He didn't. Who she was or wasn't dating was none of his concern. "Yeah, and if he wants me back, he knows what he has to do. But I know he won't," she commented sadly. "Then he's an idiot," Haymitch said without thinking. Her eyes shot out to meet his, but he quickly changed the topic again, "Why are you back early Princess?" She avoided his eyes at this, but he somehow knew the words on the tip of her tongue were a lie to help her save face. "Hey, remember; no lying if we're gonna be a team." He quoted the truce they'd come to months ago to try and break down their mistrust. Looking back that was the moment things stated to change between them. That's when he realised he could trust her and she could be a friend if he let her. "Family reasons. I really don't want to go into it," she offered. Haymitch watch her closely and saw her hair transition to blue and purple streaks. He'd started cataloguing what emotions went with what hair colour for her. It only happened if she wasn't paying