Disclaimer: All Characters belong to their original owners. Author's Note: I am Handicapped so please bare that in mind if my spelling is off. I use spell checker. Introduction Harry finds out after the Tri-wizard tournament about his inheritance. He comes up with a plan. And gets emancipated. With the help of the goblins and many others will he be able to defeat Voldemort? Manipulative Dumbledore. Powerful Harry. Author's Note The Tri-Wizard Tournament finished in April not in June. Chapter .1. Harry scowls most people were talking behind his back about how Cedric died. Not many believed Voldemort was back. Harry was in the owlery when an black owl flies to him. Harry takes the letter and opens it. Dear Mr Potter, We need you to come to Gringotts to sort out your vaults and inheritance. Before you claim your inheritance you need to go through an inheritance test. We have set up an appointment tomorrow at 9.00am. If you need any assistance of getting to Gringotts please let us know and we will send someone for you. From our monthly statements to you we would like to give you a complete report. Ragnok Potter Account Manger Inheritance? He didn't know he had an inheritance. Monthly statements? He never got any. Harry was angry who was stopping his mail? He could only think of one person Dumbledore. Harry scowls he would have to find out. Tomorrow was Saturday so he was fine with going to Gringotts how was he going to get there? Maybe Dobby? "Dobby", Harry calls "Harry Potter sir called for Dobby? What can Dobby to for the great Harry Potter?" Dobby asks "Dobby can you take me out of Hogwarts tomorrow?" Harry asks "Dobby can Harry Potter sir. When do you need Dobby?" Dobby asks "8.50 tomorrow I will call you. Thanks Dobby", Harry says "Dobby will listen for your call", Dobby says popping away Harry walks into the castle. When he sees a Ravenclaw being bullied by a couple of other students. "Leave her alone", Harry says "She is Loony", one says "She is a normal student. Leave", Harry says glaring at the students The students quickly go. "Thank you. I am Luna Lovegood. My father and I believe you by the way", Luna says "Thanks. Do they always make fun of you?" Harry asks "I don't have friends. So no one normally stops them", Luna says "I will be your friend. Tomorrow we meet in the room of requirement at 7pm. It is on the 7th floor", Harry says then explains how to get into the room "I will be there. Thank you again Harry", Luna says "Your welcome", Harry says At dinner that night Harry asks Neville to meet at the room of requirement. He was quickly talking to Hermione and Ron about going to Gringotts tomorrow when a piece of parchment lands on his table. Meet tonight 2am at the Astronomy Tower you can bring others if you want DMM Harry shows the note to Hermione and Ron. "We will go tonight under the invisibility cloak and we will use the map", Harry says making his decision The trio walk up to the Astronomy tower. Using the map and invisibility cloak. When they reach the top they see Draco Malfoy, Daphne Greengrass, Astoria Greengrass, Tracey Davis and Blaise Zabini. "What do you want Malfoy?" Harry asks "I…we want to offer our help and information", Draco says "You are Death Eaters", Ron says "What do you have to offer?" Harry asks "Well Potter our parents are joining the Death Eaters. They sent us a coded letter saying they are allying themselves with the Dark Lord", Daphne says "My step-father is joining the Death Eaters. Mother and I will not be safe. We will probably need to go into hiding this Summer. But I am not sitting back and watching. If you can find a safe place for my mother then I will help you fight HIM", Blaise says "My parents are in danger because dad is a Muggle-Born and mum is a Pure-Blood. So if you can provide safety for them. I will help fight too", Tracey says "My father wants me to join him. But my mum and myself don't want too. If you can offer us protection we will help you wherever we can. Potter my father abuses me when I don't do the Dark Arts. I am more of a grey area person and so is Mum", Draco says "My relatives abuse me. If you say if true prove it", Harry says "You can't be thinking of buying this?" Ron asks "Everyone deserves a chance. We need to work together to defeat Tom", Harry says "Tom?" Daphne asks "Tom Riddle is Voldemort. He has a Muggle father", Harry says "Hypocrite", Blaise says "I know a place we can go to talk this through. A place where we can't get caught", Harry says "Where?" Astoria asks "The Chamber of Secrets. Dobby", Harry calls "Yes Harry Potter sir?" Dobby asks "Can you take us to the girls bathroom on the second floor?" Harry asks "Dobby can Harry Potter sir. Will others be coming?" Dobby asks "Everyone here will be coming. Once you drop us off can you get Luna Lovegood and Neville Longbottom?" Harry asks "Will do Harry Potter sir. Everyone take hold", Dobby says "Come on everyone", Harry says taking Dobby's hand The others hold on too Dobby and Dobby takes them to the second floor bathroom then leaves to get the other two. "Why are we in the girls bathroom Potter?" Draco asks "To go to a safe place. Just wait for Neville and Luna", Harry says Luna and Neville come in with Dobby. "Thanks Dobby. I will call you later", Harry says "Why are Malfoy and those here?" Neville asks nervously "Because this is the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets. We are going down there. It is safe. I need to check it anyway for stuff that might be useful", Harry says "How do we get in?" Tracey asks "Harry speaks Parseltongue. You need to speak Parseltongue to open the Chamber", Hermione says " Open up" , Harry hisses in Parseltongue "So how do we get down there?" Daphne asks "Try stairs in Parseltongue", Hermione suggests " Stairs, torches", Harry hisses It groans and stairs appear and torches line the walls. "I said stairs and torches. Thought we might need some light", Harry says, "Lets go down before we get caught" They all head down the stairs. "Holy…", Draco swears looking at the skin of the Basilisk "Trust me that was when it shred. The body it in the main chamber. But we will have to explore another time", Harry says Harry and Hermione get rid of all the bones and rumble. "This way", Harry says leading them farer into the chamber to a door with snakes on it, " Open up" The doors hiss and open. Hermione pales at the Basilisk. "You know you can harvest parts of a Basilisk for lots of Galleons", Daphne says "I will think about it", Harry says "Harry there is a door over here", Neville says " Open up" , Harry hisses The door opens to find a cosy room fire light books where on the shelves. There was a painting on the wall a moving painting. "Hello", Harry says "So you found my chamber?" the man asks "So your Salazar Slytherin?" Harry asks "Yes. You must be my heir to access this chamber. What is your name?" Salazar asks "Harry Potter. I am 14", Harry says, "These are my friends Hermione Granger, Ron Weasley, Luna Lovegood, Neville Longbottom, and the others I haven't worked out if their friends yet. They are Draco Malfoy, Daphne and Astoria Greengrass, Tracey Davis, and Blaise Zabini" "We are Godric Gryffindor, Rowena Ravenclaw, Helga Hufflepuff and I of course am Salazar Slytherin", Salazar says "You Harry Potter are our heir we can feel it", Rowena says "I am going to Gringotts in the morning to find out", Harry says shocked "You will find it about us. To claim the Lordship you need to be emancipated. The Goblins can get you emancipated but you have to do an inheritance test. Then there our tests and gifts from us. Some other ancient vaults have gifts to give too", Godric says "Thanks for the knowledge. Should I know anything about these books?" Harry asks "Some of them are in Parselscript. You will find interesting things in those books", Salazar says "Is there any way to tell if someone is being truthful?" Hermione asks "There is a potion in that cabinet of there. It is clear. If it goes red the person is lying if it goes yellow the person is telling the truth", Salazar says "What about these other potions?" Hermione asks looking in the cupboard "You can talk to them about them about the potions when I got to Gringotts. Lets just see if everyone is telling the truth", Harry says Hermione pours the potion into the dish. "Who wants to go first?" Harry asks "I will go", Draco says "Are you allied with Voldemort?" Harry asks "No. My father is. My mother and I are in the grey area. We promise to ally ourselves with you for protection. We have no attention of hurting or betraying you", Draco says The potion goes yellow. "He is telling the truth", Helga says The others all get positive reactions too. "Ok we will start again. I will try and find a safe place for your families", Harry promises "You are the Lord of the House of Potter and probably the founders you probably have a good protective place. Just ask the goblins", Neville says "I will ask them. Does this fireplace have floo?" Harry asks the founders "Yes just say the common room and to come back the Slytherin's Den Basilisk. And you will come back here", Salazar says "Thank you. You guys head up to bed. Ron, Hermione, Neville I need you to cover for me today. While I go to Gringotts", Harry says "Will do. What are you going to do till morning?" Hermione asks "I am going to explore the chamber a bit more", Harry says "Floo powder is on the mantle", Helga says The others leave and Harry was left alone. "To you know of Tom Riddle? Otherwise known as Voldemort he sent your Basilisk against the Muggle-Born's in the school. I had to kill it", Harry reveals "I am sorry to hear that. Did she leave an egg?" Salazar asks "An egg?" Harry asks "Yes. Basilisk's whether female or male can have eggs. Basilisk's can also turn off their death glare. If you find an egg you can probably bond to it and make it your familiar. Especially if you become the Lord of Hogwarts", Salazar says "I will have a look around. Thank you", Harry says Harry searches the chambers and comes across an egg. He carries it back into the room with the founders. "How long till it hatches?" Harry asks Salazar "Not long now. Just keep the egg warm", Salazar says, "Talk to it a bit so it knows you" " I am Harry. Hopefully you will be my familiar. Now when you hatch you can't kill anyone unless I say. Your going to be a good Basilisk" , Harry hisses at the egg The egg shakes a bit. Harry grabs a blanket and lies down to sleep in the warm chambers. Next Morning… Harry wakes up and floo's to the Gryffindor common room. He sneaks into his dorms and grabs a change of clothes and has a shower. Once he had his invisibility cloak and map. Harry calls for Dobby. "Gringotts please Dobby", Harry says quietly "Right away Harry Potter", Dobby says taking Harry's hand and they disappear to Gringotts Harry has his hood up and goes up to the desk. "Harry Potter to see Ragnok", Harry says "Right this way