Disclaimer: All Characters belong to their original owners. Author's Note: I am Handicapped so please bare that in mind if my spelling is off. I use spell checker This Story is dedicated to my boyfriend. Thank you for always being there for me. This story is for you:) Introduction What if Hermione left with Ron? Harry was left all alone to finish his task. But fate and true friends have something else in mind... Chapter .1. Harry stood silently he couldn't hear Ron or Hermione. Had they left him with just this tent? In the pouring rain. It had been a day and no sign of them. He didn't know what to do. Well he did. He knew if they didn't turn up soon he would have to leave this place. He had already stayed long enough as it is. Harry went and looked outside and there was a puppy and a wolf cub laying on the ground looking like he/she had been attacked by a bear. That's when three men jump out wands draw. Harry quickly uses his skills to counter-attack. One of the spells that caught him hurt his leg, the whole leg badly. But he still managed to take down all three. He bound them and Obliviated their memories. He levitated them out of the wards that Hermione hadn't done probably he realised. He put temporary ones up for now till he fixes his leg and the puppy and wolf cub. "Hey little girl", Harry says picking the little puppy up, "Looks like you are hurt. Lets see what I can do" The wolf cub follows Harry into the tent. Where Harry sits down heavily with the Grim puppy and the Wolf cub. Harry rips one of his tops and puts in around the wound. Harry knew several medical spells and used them on the dog. He checks if the dog is magical which it is and the wolf cub was magical. Harry then runs a scan on his leg the spell used had destroyed his muscles in it, the curse had already destroyed 85% of muscles which couldn't be re-built. He needed a way to stop it. He knew the damage down was permeant. He would just have to make do. He knew from his biological father medic spells. It was needed he had said. "You look like a Grim. I wish Fawkes was here to help you I feel bonded to you", Harry says In a flash a phoenix that was blue and white was in the tent with books: Genealogy Peverall Family, Merlin Genealogy, Prince Genealogy, Pure-Blood Families, Curses and Courter-curses, soul matching spells, healing, Advance Potions, Charms and wards. Harry looked at the one on healing finding instructions to heal the grim puppy. Harry after a quick practice of the wand movement tried it on the puppy the wound quickly closes over and the Puppy starts licking him. Harry put the Grim puppy in his lap and looked at the phoenix who had been watching. "Why did you come to me?" Harry asks to the Phoenix 'Your my human. I am Nesa', the phoenix trills "Is this Grim puppy going to survive?" Harry asks 'Yes you did a good job you are a quick learner. You need other help', Nesa trills "Dumbledore said only to tell Ron and Hermione. And my father is still acting like a Death Eater", Harry says 'Things change. Call your house elf', Nesa trills "Kreacher!" Harry calls A pop and Kreacher was there. "Master Harry! Your alright", Kreacher says "I am but Hermione and Ron have left me. I think it is time to do things a little differently then we have. Can you tell me about the Black Family Properties?" Harry asks Harry wasn't stupid as he pretended to be. The teachers at his primary school called him a genesis. The teachers tested him and he had a an IQ of 180. That's what made the Dursley's always beat him. Ron and Hermione never asked about the scars but Ginny, Luna and Neville had and had always asked how he was. And he was a master at glamour's, Legilimens, Occumence, Herbology, Astronomy and Potions just like his biological Dad. His blood-adopted Dad was a master Animagus and Master of Transfiguration and Defence. And his Mother was a Charms/Arthimacy/Ancient Runes Prodigy. "You have many properties Master Harry. With the Potter Lordship too since James Potter blood-adopted you. You are his heir. As well as the Prince heir and Black heir", Kreacher says "Have I got a property that is Unplottable?" Harry asks "There is an Island. The wards on it where made to stop a any Dark Wizard. They would kill anyone who means the current Lord harm and his/her friends and if they tried to get in there and the wards would begum more powerful as they go on. The island was made under the guides of Merlin for when you came that the island would he your shelter because with your stepdads Potter blood your the Lord of Potter, Pervell, Ross and Gryffindor, your Mothers blood Ravenclaw, Abbott, Meliflua and Bolden, your biological fathers blood Prince, Slytherin and Merlin and your godfathers blood of Black since before he died he mixed your blood with his. The island has all those Lordship enchantments. Each new title made it stronger and bigger. Island Valens that means powerful in Latin it is 470,000 Square feet. And magical animals feel safe there", Kreacher replies Harry was thinking fast Valens Island sounded like a good idea. It would give him a home base to work from. He could get better at spells he already knew. And prior to Hermione's belief he knew Occlumency. He had a 8 layer shield on his mind. He read in a book his Biological Dad had that Occlumency could be taken to a very high level. And he had managed that. Harry puts the Grim Puppy down and look at the books Nesa had had bought here. He picks up the counter curse book and reads a chapter about counter courses he finds one for his leg. It wouldn't fix the damage but the curse would be gone. Harry could live with a bad leg it was a price he had to pay because Ron and Hermione left and Hermione didn't put good wards up. Next he picked the soul matching one book and started to read it said here a spell to tell who was your true love. A soul mate it was developed by Merlin himself. Harry looked at the wand movements and the instructions did he really want to find out who his soul mate was? He knew he loved Ginny. But was she his soul mate? "Kreacher can you get me a bowl of water? Please" Harry asks coming to his decision "Of course", Kreacher says snapping his fingers Harry takes out his wand and taps the water saying his name and the word soul-mate in latin. A picture comes up of Ginny. He couldn't deny it anymore. "Kreacher do you know what is happening at Hogwarts?" Harry asks "Food has been stopped to most Ravenclaw's, Gryffindor's and Hufflepuff's. As well as four Slytherin's who are protecting the other students. Kreacher was watching out for Masters friends. Headmaster Snape is trying to get food to houses without evil Carrow's knowing", Kreacher says "Ok Kreacher can you take me to this Island? Can you do that?" Harry asks "I can. You're my Master I can take you anywhere. Let me pack down the tent. Here is a bag to but your stuff in", Kreacher says handing over the pouch Harry quickly puts the books in there. He knew it was time to let Hermione and Ron go. He knew they had been talking about his lack of plan behind his back and how little information he had. He was tired with them. This time he would trust others that really did have his back and believed him. With Hermione's know it all attitude, lying and temper when he got things right without her and Ron's jealousy, lying, attitude and temper. It was time to let them go. They had left him here and he had been attacked because of Hermione's unwilling to let HIM put up the wards saying his wards weren't good enough. Which he had known how to do. "Are you three coming with me?" Harry asks the Grim, Wolf Cub and Phoenix Nesa trills positively. 'Your are our human. You have more too on the island', Nesa trills "Ok then we better get going. Nesa can you take the Grim Puppy and the Wolf Cub to the island and Kreacher will take me", Harry says Nesa trills and quickly the Grim puppy and Wolf vanish with the Phoenix. Harry heaves himself up putting all his weight on his good leg. Kreacher had packed the tent and Harry had cancelled the wards. "Let's go Kreacher", Harry says looking around one last time Kreacher takes Harry's hand and they were off. Harry felt them enter very strong wards. Powerful wards. Kreacher makes them appear in front of the mansion. It was not raining on this island. The Phoenix, Grim Puppy and Wolf Cub were waiting for him along with what he believed was a Runespoor and some other animals he felt attached too. "Are you my magical creatures?" Harry asks "They are Master. The Island creatures are your familiars", Kreacher says, "You should be able to speak to them" "Who are you all?" Harry asks 'I am Silar the magical clouded leopard', the spotted big cat says who had silver spots on her 'I am Crete the Hippogriff', Crete says Crete was brown and black. 'I am Riften the Griffen', Riften says 'I am Gavon. I am a Storm Eagle', Gavon says 'I am Maysna the fire fox', Maysna says 'I am Kesa the unicorn foal', Kesa says 'I am Eesa the Ice Dragon", Eesa says from the back of all the animals Eesa was big she was white as snow. Her eyes ere blue she really was unique. The Runespoor introduces its self. "Are you all my familiars?" Harry asks 'We serve loyally to the line who has this Island', Maysna replies "Let's get you inside Master Harry", Kreacher says helping Harry in to a big living room "Do I have house elves here?" Harry asks "I will get the Head Elf", Kreacher says popping away to return in a minute with another elf "Maser I am Traid. Head Elf", Traid says, "What do you need?" "I want more information on this island. I know how big it is. How big is the mansion? How many rooms?" Harry asks "It is space within space. 10 floors. 80 rooms each so 800 rooms. Each has a bathtub attached. 20 living rooms. 40 offices. You have 10 potions labs. A library which your ancestors made 18 story. Every time a new book comes out we get it with money out of that vault. So all books are here. You have villas on the north side of the island. You have a vault in the basement full of money and other treasures from ALL your titles and bloodlines do you wish to see it?" Traid asks "Yes please", Harry says but has trouble getting up "Let us help. I will pop you down there", Traid says taking Harry's hand and they appear at the vault, "It needs your blood. There is the knife" Harry cuts his palm and a few drops of blood go on the scanner an he felt a little magic go on the scanner. That's when he hears the lock click so it was unlocking. Harry's hand had already healed. Harry was very surprised to see the vault full with at least 20 Quidditch Pitches full of stuff. "How many Galleons do I have here?" Harry asks "906,999,999,901,777 Galleons, you also have sickles, Knuts, gold bars, diamonds and gems. The rest