Hi All! Second attempt at some of these chapters after letting my pre-reader and awesome beta work their magic on this! Anyway I hope you enjoy, I know some of you may be reading this for the second time, and for that I apologise! Time for some lemons…Enjoy! Disclaimer; The amazing SM owns all things Twilight, I just like to have some fun with her characters. Especially Edward BPOV I'm having one of those days. The kind of day where the alarm goes off and you should just roll over and go back to bed—all day! To start with, the alarm didn't actually go off and now I'm taking a cold shower because Mike used all the hot water! My old heap of a truck won't start, so I've called a cab. While in route to work, I discover that I've left my wallet on the kitchen table, so I have to ask the agitated cabdriver to stop at my friend's shop so I can borrow some cash to pay for the damn ride! And I haven't even made it to work yet! I feel like shit! I'm not sure if it's just because I'm in a crappy mood or if I've finally just had enough of this job. After graduating from college, I took the position as library receptionist to give me something to do while looking for a "real" job. Of course the longer my search went on, the more complacent I got. And I hate the work! Well, the snide comment from my boss is the last straw! I quit! This will force me to find a job that actually puts my degree to good use! Feeling very self-satisfied, and without a truck, I decide to walk the short distance home. Since I'm earlier than normal, I'll have the place to myself. I could use an afternoon of de-stressing; maybe take a long hot bubble bath and read a good book. But as I walk through the front door, my plans change—considerably. As always, my German Shepard, Jake, is waiting for me just inside the door. Only this time, instead of the usual—running around my feet excited to see me happy dance— he's lying in the corner making sad whining noises. I crouch down to his level, whispering soothing words and scratching his ears, trying to calm him down. And that's when I hear it—a series of grunts and low moans coming from my bedroom. It appears that Mike has also arrived home early today, and is not alone. And clearly, they haven't been disturbed by my arrival! As if my day wasn't bad enough! Now I find my boyfriend cheating on me, in my own bed! That's it – I've had enough! I decide to catch him in the act. I don't want to give him the chance to talk his way out of this. I quietly walk to the bedroom and gently push the door open, bracing myself for the scene. Sure enough, Mike's flat on his back with his arms behind his head, gazing up at some trashy blonde who's bouncing up and down on his cock! He doesn't hear me come in. Which is understandable because the skank is making noises that would make even the highest paid porn stars jealous. I almost laugh at his glazed-over look, completely focused on her huge fake tits. I watched them for a few seconds—I seriously cannot take any more—before clearing my throat to announce my arrival. Seeing me, Mike jumps up so fast that he almost throws Blondie off the bed! Meanwhile, the tramp is desperately pulling at the sheets attempting to cover herself. Naked, Mike stands there staring at me, mouth gaping like a fish out of water, clearly trying to think of an excuse that will clear him of this. Before he gets the chance, I say, "Don't bother, Mike. You and your stuff need to be gone by the time I get back." "And take the trash out with you." I sneer at the nameless blonde. Stopping only to pick up a few toiletries and other necessities from my bathroom, I head towards my girlfriend's house with no plans of returning home tonight. The whole way there, Jake is yipping happily. It's almost as if he knows Mike is never coming back. Well, at least I made him happy. In dire need of tequila and dancing, I call my two best girls to explain the situation and organise a girly night out. Neither of them are big fans of Mike, so I expect squeals in excitement when I tell them. I call Rose first; she has the bigger place and I need a place to crash for the night. I'm halfway to Rose's when I call Alice. "Good Afternoon, Whitlock Designs, how can I help you?" "Hey, Al. It's Bella." "Ooh, Bells. How are you? What's up?" "Well, something's come up and I could use a girl's night—I'm talking make-up, new outfits, lots of tequila, and dancing! I've already called Rose and she's closing the garage early. What do you say—you in?" The reality of the situation is starting to sink in and I want to get off the phone. I've not cried yet and I can feel myself getting upset. Mike might have been an ass wipe, but he was still my boyfriend. "A girl's night? Hell yeah! There's this new bar/club thing opening tonight, and the shop's been given invites to the VIP party—let me call them to get on the list. Ooooh, and you said you're up for make-up and new clothes! Well I have this amazing blue—Wait. You're up for a make-over? What's happened, sweetie?" Ah, she knows me too well. "We'll discuss it after the booze start flowing. It's definitely required." Any more discussion now would cause me to lose it. "Sure, sweetie, it's almost closing time anyway. I'll grab a few outfits, head home and get my stuff, and meet you at Rose's later. And you can have as much tequila as you want, okay?" "Thanks, Alice. See you soon." I end the call just as the cab pulls up to Rose's house. Jake jumps out as soon as we stop; he's never liked riding in cars but there's no way I was leaving him with Mike. I grab my bag and head in to see my girl. Four Hours Later… "And so that's it…that's how my lovely day has been." I down the rest of my drink as I finish telling Rose and Alice my story. The three of us are in Rose's bedroom getting ready for our night. We've decided to go to the new bar Alice has managed to get VIP tickets for, and I'm actually quite excited. The local area is full of bars and nightclubs, but this one is supposed to be different. It's upscale and specializes in cocktails, but it also has a dance floor giving it the nightclub feel. After the day I've had, cocktails just seem like the best plan. Alice and Rose are both ready, looking every bit the goddesses they are, and now they're working their magic on me. I'm wearing one of Alice's originals; a gorgeous navy strapless dress that hits just above the knees and hugs me in all the right places. It's perfect. Alice is currently on make-up duty while Rose works on my hair. Tonight she's going for the curls-hardly-took-any-time-to-do look, but it's actually taking ages! After I finish telling my story, Rose is first to offer advice. "What you need is a good fuck!" Alice and I giggle as she says this; Rose is always about getting a good lay! She rolls her eyes at our reaction. "No, I'm serious! You've said for ages that the sex with Mike was only satisfactory, and half the time you had to finish yourself off after he fell asleep. C'mon, Bella! Towards the end, you guys weren't even having sex and your new best friend was a vibrator for Christ sake! We need to go out and find you a guy that knows what he's doing and who'll remind you how good sex can be!" She knows I'm not that kind of girl. Sure, I've had my fair share of dates, but sexually I'm still a newbie. Besides Mike, I've only slept with one other guy. "Rose, I'm not sure that's really what I need. I just need to go to a club, get drunk, have fun dancing my ass off, and forget all of this ever happened." "Yeah, we can do all that too. I'm just saying you look HOT tonight, so if some guy hits on you, which they will," she sends me a pointed look when I scoff at her, "don't just write them off, Bella. A bit of fun is what you need right now. Now c'mon, the cab's downstairs." Yep, that's Rose's way of saying the conversation's over. A few minutes later we arrive at the bar. From the outside it looks a little small, but nice none the less. A small sign, Eclipse , sits above the door where two bouncers are checking people. The only way to tell it's opening night is the long line around the building. Wow, that's a huge line! Alice, catching the look on my face, assures me that with the VIP passes we won't have to wait. The three of us approach the bouncers, letting Alice speak since she has the tickets. "Whitlock, for three," Alice says to the intimidating big guy. He scans the list looking for her name, and nods when he finds her. "Go right on in, ladies. The VIP bar is down the stairs and to your right. Everyone will be trying to get in tonight, so take these." He hands each of us a small blue ticket that simply states, "Eclipse Opening VIP". Nice touch. That's so much better than having my hand stamped and not being able to wash it off for days! We offer him our thanks and enter the club. Following the bouncer's directions, we head straight to the VIP area and find a table. The three of us take our seats and check out the bar. It's nice—a lot nicer than some of the bars I've recently been to with Mike. After a few minutes, a waiter comes by to take our drink order. Table service is so much better than having to fight your way to the bar—very nice! "We'll have two cosmos and one margarita, please." Of course, Alice knows our drinks of choice. After the day I've had, I'm definitely hitting the tequila! "Sure thing, Short Stuff." The waiter quickly writes down our order. "I'm Emmett, and you are…" He introduces himself to all of us, but his eyes are glued to Rose. "I'm Alice, that's Bella, and this is Rosalie." Alice smirks at Emmett, knowing it's going to take a lot more than a cheeky smile to catch Rose's attention. She's gorgeous and get's hit on all the time. If this guy's serious, he's going to have to put in some extra work! So far Rose is not impressed. "Pleasure, I'm sure. But we've all had a long day, especially our Bella here, so can we get our drinks? And tell the barman," she nods in the direction of the bar, "to be nice with the tequila. If there's extra in there we certainly won't mind." And with that, she takes her cell phone out her bag and pretends to text someone. Emmett doesn't even flinch. "No probs, Rosie. I'll get Edward straight on that, and I'll tell him to make the margarita a strong one." And with a wink, he's off. Ten minutes later, Emmett is back with our drinks. "Here are your drinks, ladies. Two cosmos," he places them in front of Alice and Rose, "and one margarita for the beautiful Bella." Everyone giggles, and I blush at his comment. "Nice. Opening night and you're already hitting