AN: Hi! So I don't know what I'm doing, this is just a fic I'm writing over the summer for fun. Chapter One - Mercy It's some unfortunate circumstance that puts me in England. My parents died. In a motor accident, right before I turned 13. Now I'm being transferred to Hogwarts because the only relative I have lives in Scotland, and somehow I'd rather live alone in America than be away from the only home I know. Even though being in America was not the all star experience that some think it to be. I come in late in the year, and as I sit up in the dorm room, I feel absolutely and completely alone, looking out the window at the other kids dotted around the fields surrounding the lake and the Whomping Willow. It's not that I wouldn't have made any friends, it's that it feels almost like I'm betraying whatever it is I'm holding on to from my old home when I make friends with someone else. I've been sorted into Gryffindor, which had seemed by far the friendliest house of them all, at first - besides the Hufflepuffs - but I'm late to the party and hadn't come by train, so I never really made it into a group of at least friendly acquaintances. They always say that Hogwarts would be quick to become your home, but Hogwarts has just succeeded in making me miss a home I never really had. I got the last room in the hallway, which is the one closest to the staircase, and the loudest, with two other girls who I've rarely spoken to, simply because I wake up late and sneak around to the library at night. One's named Aurora, and the other's named Romany, and I don't know anything else about them except that Aurora hates her name. Walking down from the dormitories and towards the library, someone calls me name. I keep walking, dearly hoping that it isn't someone else come to tease me about being an American and an orphan. If there's one thing that I've learned, is that there's a lot of standoffish and xenophobic people in the general wizarding community. Exhibit A, Lucius Malfoy the seventh year. "Mercy! Wait!" Peter Pettigrew, of all people, runs up to me and I slow, taking pity on his panting and heaving shoulders. "I... need... help..." "What?" I ask, temporarily afraid that he'd been hurt, looking him over for any injuries and then finding none. "With the... transfiguration homework..." he explains breathlessly. "Merlin, I'm so out of shape- but you were walking really quickly." "You're asking me to help you?" I clarify, wondering where his entourage is. "Remus isn't here," he tells me, regaining his breath. "And no one else would help me, anyway." "Oh, um," I look around to check to see that no one's watching, hoping not to further detract from my dignity, but also feeling sorry for him, oddly relating to his lack of friends he feels comfortable asking for help. I usually get upset when no one helps me, because I'm too proud to ask for help. Peter, however, has no qualms talking to me, which I appreciate, despite Peter's slight character flaw, in which he blindly follows people around and does whatever they want. Still, Gryffindor is for the brave at heart, and Their daring, nerve, and chivalry set them apart, so I smile, and nod. "Sure," I agree, and Peter smiles, almost wider than his narrow face. "Great!" he says. "You don't mind being in the library, do you? I just... don't want James and Sirius to see." He looks uncomfortable for a moment, but I agree, also not wanting anyone to see. I learn, unfortunately, that Peter is, maybe, not dumb, but definitely a little slow on the uptake. He catches on pretty well, though, it being only second year work, but as we wind to a close, and Peter finally finishes his essay, Sirius and James appear in the library. Peter squeaks and goes to dive behind a bookshelf, but they arrive anyway, looking not really at me, because since when have teenagers ever looked directly at each other when they don't have to? "Have you seen Peter anywhere-" James asks me vaguely, looking around, "oh, look, there you are. Whatcha doing behind there, huh?" Peter straightens, and frowns a little, embarrassed. I stand up unobtrusively, almost managing to make it away from the situation, but Sirius reaches out and places a hand on my shoulder, more gently than I'd expect him to, but his expression is still the same insouciant, almost benevolent, smirk, like he's the ruler of the world and one shoulder touch can stop the end of the world. "Who're you?" he asks, and for a moment I feel flustered. Then I feel annoyed that I feel flustered, and shakes his hand off of my shoulder. He thinks he can go around being the one everyone answers to. "Mercy Gaffery," I say, cringing at his expression when he hears how American my accent is. "Ooh, you're the American," he says, excited to find a new point of entertainment, and I flush, turning away to leave, reading for some joke or another. "Wait! We're sorry. Sheesh," James stops me, "don't be so sensitive." "I'm not," I retort, "I just don't want to be made fun of." "Chill," James says, and he, Sirius, and Peter both look at me, waiting for a reaction. "I'm sorry," I say. "I need to go... do something." "It's Saturday!" James calls after me, but I make a break for it and manage to get away, preferring not to be involved with the noisy kids. It's a good break, because as I walk out of the library I encounter Carter Natsworthy, Slytherin, and he gives me a breathtaking smile, dusky honey colored skin crinkling at the corners of his blue eyes. "Hi, Mercy," he says, and every detail of him melts my brain into fuzzy happiness. "Hi, Carter," I say, and his smile grows a little. He self consciously combs his hair away from his face, and my hand involuntarily moves to touch my own hair as well, but I stop myself. "You've finished all your homework, I'm guessing?" he asks me, politely starting up a conversation. "Yeah, just now." "I wish I could get my homework done that quickly," he sighs. "It takes me the whole weekend to finish. They always assign the most work on Fridays." "I can help you, if you want," I blurt out, before I can stop myself. He doesn't even seem to notice my chagrin, and nods, as if the suggestion is a good one. "Good idea, actually. You don't mind, do you?" "No," I assure him. "Thanks. I might try to tackle the potions homework tomorrow. Around ten, maybe?" "Sounds good," I say, almost stammering. He grins again and walks into the library, nodding a farewell to me. I stand there, right next to the door, feeling kind of stupid for feeling so starstruck, but feeling starstruck all the same. "I wouldn't get to comfy with him," someone says, with disgust. "Slytherins." I glare over at Sirius, who leans against the wall beside me, looking at me out of the corner of his eyes. "What? I would know. My whole family's Slytherin." "I don't think I believe in stereotyping," I say, stubbornly. "Yes, but the Sorting Hat puts them into Slytherin for a reason." "Not all Slytherins are sorted there because they're bad," I insist. "It's just people like you that reinforce unfair class roles. Like house elves. You think you can classify people. Like you classify other living things to be your servants. You of all people should know. Didn't they all think you'd be Slytherin, just because your family is?" He shakes his head, but doesn't say anything to argue with me. "Are they all like that in America, or is it just you?" "Considering that my parents were killed because of their beliefs, I'd say it's just me, now," I say. "So that's why you're here?" "Yes," I admit, uneasy under his curious stare. "I'd rather not talk about it. My family's more of a mess than you can imagine." "Believe me, I can imagine," he tells me, unusually serious. (No pun intended) "No you can't," I snap, stubbornly. "And I don't need you to understand, anyway." And then I just walk away, frowning, with all the self righteousness that a 13 year old can muster. Chapter One - Katica My alarm rings. Not saying that I've never woken up to the sound of my alarm ringing - I've had to get up early for music recitals, I've had to get up to travel. But this is the first time, in my entire life, that I've gotten up to an alarm clock for school . My alarm plays a rendition of the news, and then some Aretha Franklin song comes on. I sit up in bed, catching a glimpse of my trunk in the corner of my room as I do, struck by the sunlight. I'm such a packrat - I've put a lot of junk in it, like lucky quills and pieces of string and marbles and paper clips, and... my wand I rocket out of bed, and stand in the middle of my attic room, looking around. I keep losing my wand. I'll leave it somewhere and it'll roll away, or I'll drop it out of my sleeve and I wouldn't be able to find it. I see it sitting on the windowsill, and sigh in relief as I pick it up. "Kat!" Carter calls up the stairs. "You're not going to be late, are you?" "I'm coming!" I yell back, yanking an oversized red jumper over my head, jamming my glasses onto my face (You know, the type they wore in the 80s) and clattering down the stairs. As I rush to get ready, a slow accumulation of random paraphernalia begins to gather behind me, rattling and floating into the air. "Go away," I tell them, and they all drop to the ground. I have this weird propensity for wandless magic, and it's not only a bother, it's sometimes dangerous. I manage to get down stairs and eat breakfast with my parents, Remus, and my little brother, who is throwing a tantrum over maple syrup. Remus, who is a family friend and usually crashes over at our house when he doesn't want to be a bum and sleep at his parents house. Carter's reading the Daily Prophet , hair long and tied up so that his hair drifts down to brush his chin. He drinks black coffee, which smells delicious but tastes terrible, and looks at me over the edge of his paper, eyes blue and teasing. "First day of school, huh? Excited?" I nod, mouth stuffed with food, and my plate rattles with excitement. I slam my hand down on it to keep it from moving, cursing my wandless magic. I've broken more plates than you can imagine. I've broken more things in general than the usual eleven year old does. My dad - Carter - is an auror, and my mum - Mercy - who, by the way, is from America, doesn't work. She's been sort of sick lately, but she's been to the doctor and will get better soon. And Remus is a werewolf, but according to mum, he's living proof that we shouldn't have to be afraid of someone because of what they physically are, just what their values are and how much they fight for the right things. Sooner or later we make it in to King's Cross station, with Remus, where we fly through the barrier and load my stuff onto the train, and I'm pretty excited to be away from home. Remus looks around with that sort of grim, sad smile that adults sometimes get, looking over at my mum, and they all bade