Hello all! This is my first LotR fanfic. It is a self-insert and you can go as far as to say it is a Mary-sue. I do not care. This was an actual dream I had a few nights ago and as it is revealed at the end of the story, I wrote it down for my own sanity. Disclaimer: I do not own the character, I am only borrowing them, and I am not going to even try to make money off of it. This is partially movieverse, as the physical attributes of characters are most easily recognized from them. But JRR Tolkien's characters are owned by his family or the production companies. My Wish By Kiija As I sat, listless, flipping through the book before me, the walls around me breathed with an air of evil, of death. The oil lamp on the desk flickered, dimming slightly though no wind was near and the proper glass barrier protected the flame. I shook my head to clear it, I was just in my bed drifting off to sleep, to find myself awakened here. No clue as to why I am here or why I came. I looked about my meager surroundings. The room I was in was barely furnished aside from a decrepit couch on the opposite wall from the desk I was just sitting at. A rotting side table with another oil lamp sat to the left side of the couch. I looked toward the wall just to my right, where the door and two wide open windows looking out onto a dead, broken forest. The place was quite familiar to me. I seemed to always end up here in my most horrible nightmares. Always trapped by some unknown force to be chased round and round the empty, interlocking rooms by the monster of the week. I knew now for sure that I was dreaming and I feared what my subconscious had planned for me. This shabby cabin, known to many horror fans as the house of Evil Dead , haunted me more than just on the television screen. I knew now that, from what my subconscious was telling me, I had trapped an evil creature in the cabin's crawlspace located in front of the couch, not but five feet from my exposed feet. I closed my eyes, breathing calmly; hoping that the thing I caught wouldn't wake up and would allow me to escape unscathed. I looked down to the chained hatch door and decided then that I did not want to know what was trapped down there and I began to slide towards the front door. This was when my consciousness decided it needed to notice I was only in my comfy, Garfield horoscope nightshirt. It was long enough to cover the important parts but it was also very light and I had worn nothing but underwear underneath. I froze to the spot midway from the god-awful hole in the floor to the front door, now wondering if I had ever found pants in any room of this evil cabin. I took a deep breath again, feeling quite at ease at the moment I decided to go search for pants in the two bedroom areas of the cabin. I walked swiftly and quite heavy-footed to the nearest bedroom to find no luggage or clothing holders of any sort, save for the closet, whose door was already ripped off its hinges and seemed to not reflect any light from the lamp located on the night stand next to it. It maybe a dream, but I am not stupid. The closet held something I did not want to tangle in. I began to walk toward the connecting doorway to the secondary bedroom when the sounds began. An unearthly growling, just under my feet in the floorboards. I knew the evil I had captured had finally woken up. I didn't wait for it to burst through the floor and grab my ankles, I sprinted towards the door. I could feel it following me, till it reached the steps and the chained crawlspace door. I reached the door, turning and pulling on its knob fruitlessly. The evil force always trapping me within that cabin, till I completely maimed and murdered the evil that was chasing me, this time seemed no different. I whined, turning from the door to the crawlspace, a head pushing the hatch up far enough for me to see its yellow eyes. This relieved me a bit; yellow eyes meant this thing I had captured was at least not the living dead wanting to eat my brains. I shivered at the thought of how many times I had been trapped in that cabin with multitudes of them on the outside and one under the floor. I shook the thought off quickly, knowing how often my subconscious would change the thing into the floor to my worse enemy. I looked again at the eyes in the floor, still yellow and very angered. The thing growled at me and I could see from the shadows that it did not plan on staying down there much longer. It seemed to be pushing up on the chained door with a great force, slow but sure. The door began to creak and the chain links began to stretch. I panicked then. I knew I had to get out of the house before it came after me. I heard a loud crack from behind me of the weakened door shattering against the pressure. I looked back at the thing coming up from the crawlspace, it's darkened seemingly melted on skin reflecting a slimy surface, and its yellow eyes watching me as the front door flew open allowing me to high-tail out of the cabin. I knew what the thing was now, an orc. A goblin created from my recent watching of the Fellowship of the Ring. It gave chase, but in fight or flight and I choose flight; I have never had an opponent catch me. This, my subconscious liked to register as one of my saving graces. I began to run flat out into the darkened forest, the only light from the cabin allowing me to not run face first into a tree. I was quickly leaving the rotten trees behind for strong, youthful trees that were still full of life. The orc was approaching quickly, but began to slow down as what seemed, as I hoped, to be dawn coming on. I began to see the trees much clearer, and my lack of breathing was catching up to me. I thought I could still feel the orc behind me, but could not be sure. I took a chance while running to turn my head back to see if I could catch a glimpse of the creature still behind me. My consciousness had registered no trees in my current route of running, but before I turned back I hit something. Something slightly smaller than I am, thick as a great tree and hard as steel, and it hurt. I bounced right off the obstruction in my path as a deep CLANG and the sound of my own screeching voice rang in my ears. I grabbed for my chest that had just been smashed almost flat against god knows what. I curled into a ball at the loss of breath and pain. I didn't know what was worse at this point. I had to calm down breathing deeply to regain full consciousness, when I noticed something or someone speaking to me and the voice was getting closer. Each breath I took, I became more and more aware that there was more than one voice. The voice closest to me I focused on, breathing a few more times before trying to get my voice back. "Miss..." a gentle shake of my shoulder "Miss, are you ok?" I blinked my eyes open trying to get them focused on the ground in front before trying to sit up. "... do you even care that she may be hurt you over-bearing dwarf?" a second voice called out, a concern heightening the tenor of the smooth voice. "She ran into me, ya hear?!" a third much gruffer voice a little further replied. I began to sit up, slowly, to not hurt myself further. The closest voice rang out, "Both of you quit! She is waking up. How are you feeling miss?" I turned my head to the direction of the voice. A very familiar face came into view at my side and two other familiar figures we further off behind the man closest to me. The closest man handed me an ancient water bag, "Please drink some. When you have had your fill, I have some questions for you." "Strider?" I asked, making sure I was correct in my assumption and these were not the actual actors themselves. The trio looked at me with great suspicion once I said his name. I quickly began to drink some of the water in the container handed to me. "How?" Strider sighed shaking his head slightly, "I have even more questions for you now." I handed back the water bag to Strider who was crouching a little further from me than before. I took a deep breath and pulled my nightgown further down my legs as I was sitting on the cool, moist ground. All three travelers took notice and turned their heads. I sighed lightly. "Ask away," I stated. Strider sat back on the ground and eyed me as the others were. "First off, who are you? Where did you come from? How do you know me?" Strider asked calmly. I looked into his eyes, showing I had nothing to hide. "I am just a girl that had to run from her cabin in the woods after a rabid orc escaped the prison I put it in. I know you because your adventures that you have had and are still to come become mythological tales in my world," I stated clearly, looking to all three directly into their eyes. The dwarf gave a great "HMPH!" and walked closer to where I was sitting. The mention of orc had Strider up, a hand at his sword watching the direction I had come from. "You? Trapped an orc? A little thing like you? I don't believe it for a minute! And no one makes homes this far out in the woods except elves!" the dwarf stated. I sighed again, shrugging my shoulders. "I don't know how I trapped him. I just know that the dream started, and I rolled with it till I ran into you, Gimli! You know how much it hurts to run into a living boulder plated with steel?" I spat at the dwarf, I wasn't much taller than the dwarf and by no means stronger, but I wasn't going to let him keep ranting. The mention of his name seem to shock him for a second, but the elf and Strider were more interested in something else I had said. "Dream?" the elf asked, somewhat more interested than the prior questions. I looked to him, his fair face looking at me inquisitively. I just about forgot that he had even asked me a question. "Uhh... Yeah, this is all in my dreams. I am sure of it. You can also stop waiting for the orc. He is gone now, hidden away in my subconscious for later use," I stated, standing up now as everyone else was towering over me and that made me quite nervous. "If this is your dream, what are we doing here?" Strider asked, only slightly letting up on his watch out for the orc as he turned towards me for the answer. This was a good question to me. I didn't understand completely what my subconscious was thinking by making me run into these three. I never have dreams of the characters I actually like in my dreams. I only dream of the antagonists