Hey, guys. Before you start reading the story I want you all to know that this fanfic was originally written by Sweet Emotion and since she left the story in between (last update done by her on November 28, 2010) so I'm just completing what she started. BTW you can read the earlier parts that she has written here: s/4353647/1/A-Future-in-the-Past I'm going to pick up the story from chapter 14 My Sweet Bella, A kiss for you, dearest. Happy birthday. I owe you quite an explanation, and I know I should have given it to you at school earlier, but the story of what happened to me since we last saw each other is such an intricate one and I just didn't how to tell you. Forgive me, darling. You must know I would never hurt you for anything in the world. I ask you, please, to meet me in the library before school tomorrow. Come at six. The door will be unlocked and you'll find me there. I love you, Bella. Yours Always, Edward Bella sat in a heap on the floor, staring at the words and gasping for breath. "I knew it," she laughed in a whisper. She felt a little crazy. All of this was so impossible, but she would find a way to believe it if it meant she could have her Edward back. "I knew you were mine." EXBEXBEXBEXBEXBEXBEXB Bella got out of bed at five the next morning, having never shut her eyes the night before, and shivered her way into the bathroom. She brushed her teeth, combed her hair, and got dressed. All the while her heart was thundering in her chest. EdwardEdwardEdwardEdward…. His name was inside her, seemed to be her life force. She threw open the bathroom door and slammed right into her father. "Bells? What're you doing up?" Charlie's face was still pinched with sleep and he was in his pajamas. "Gotta go to the library. School project. Worked out an agreement with the librarian," Bella gave her explanation in short, breathless bursts. "Oh," Charlie stifled a yawn as he shuffled into the bathroom. "Okay. Well, have a good day." "Yep, thanks, I will!" Bella snatched her backpack up off her bedroom floor, grabbed a banana out of the kitchen and sprinted out to her truck. EXBEXBEXBEXBEXBEXB Bella paused at the library door just long enough to pull in a quivering breath. She could feel Edward on the other side. She pulled the door open and stepped inside. She saw Edward sitting at one of the long wooden study tables. He stood as soon as their eyes met. She took a step toward him and he started walking in her direction. They met in the middle of the room. Bella stared at him in wonderment, her eyes brimming with tears. "Are you really mine?" she whispered tremulously. Edward's eyes glowed tenderly as he whispered back to her, "Yes." He was here. He was really here. Edward, my Edward he was really here. And just like that the universe came right back on its axis, emptiness vanished and somehow I just wasn't able to do anything except stare at those mesmerizing eyes which somehow from being the most comforting emerald green had changed into warm , inviting gold. I was afraid to move even a millimeter afraid that if I moved somehow this would end, that whatever magic was working here would end and I would again be thrown into the fires of hell. I watched transfixed as his hand slowly moved from his sides and came to slowly stroke my cheeks in the lightest touch I have ever experienced. "How is this even possible?" he murmured in that velvet like voice of his. I felt dizzy. To an extent it was so pitiful, just one touch or even a look and I just turn into a noodle-legged girl right in front of him. In the morning I was trying not to hyperventilate and now here I was breathing like a train-wrecked idiot. "Bella?" his eyes held the same ancient grief in his eyes-which somehow I had detected earlier in his eyes-and something close to wonder. I still wasn't able to breathe so instead I, hesitantly, raised my hand to touch his face; something that I hadn't done in almost a century. As soon as I placed my hands on his cheek I felt many things simultaneously. First the unimaginable peace and thrill that his voice alone can elicit in me, next I felt the strong sense of being at home and at last I felt complete in every sense of the world. It was one of the best moments of my life; it might even be the best of them too. I cupped my hand around his cheeks slowly, watching his eyes turn a little darker and his mouth slowly forming a little 'O' of amazement. And just like that first time in the park he wrapped his arms around my upper arms and slowly bowed his head until his lips touched mine in a gentle, almost reverent kiss. It was shockingly even better than what I remembered, the heartache of eighty-seven years had not just made us realize the worth of true love but it has also magnified our every feeling tenfold. It has made me realize of the simple consequential fact; nothing lasts forever. Everything is fortified to end and we should never take anything or anyone for granted. I didn't even have any hope of every finding love again but somehow I did and now I was afraid that it might again be snatched away from me. "You'll stay with me this time, won't you?" I voiced my fear. "Seems like I have no other option, love. Bring on the shackles-I'm your prisoner." I laughed, knowing that it was totally the other way around at this moment as his arms were around me. We stood just like that- arms around each other, breathing in one another's presence- until he eventually placed me on his laps in a more comfortable sitting position. I was contend to simply gaze into his mesmerizing eyes and never have to move again. I was stroking his face while his eyes were closed when I first decided to raise my questions about us. My voice felt hoarse and to loud in the serenity that the high school library has suddenly provided us with. "I have a few questions, Edward" He opened his eyes at that moment and I felt a shock of pleasure go through every single millimeter of my body. I suddenly realized that his eyes were probably the first thing that I fell in love with and that shouldn't have been that shocking as his eyes were the most alive part of his whole being-even in the starting I could have attested to that fact. "I'm willing to answer every single of your questions but not now, love. Let's just talk about us-the happy parts only." I was far too willing to comply with his request but there was still a part of me that just couldn't shake off that feeling-that dread- that was far too rooted in my head. "Your eyes-" I started to say but before I could finish my sentence he quickly turned his face away from me, stood up and went to stand near the window of the library; facing away from me like there was something of great importance waiting out there for him. I didn't understand his reaction. What did I do? Agony, that was the only way to describe the way that I felt after he pulled himself back from me. I felt him draw the walls around him once again and I just wasn't ready to let that happen, after everything that has happened he just couldn't turn away from me again . I walked towards him slowly trying to control the tears that threatened to spill any moment. I only had two theories about his constant rejection and turning away from me. It was either that he has forgotten about us or, worse, he has found someone better. None of them were desirable. I wrapped my arms around his waist from behind but he still didn't turned, with that the flood gates finally opened and I started crying all of a sudden. It was like everything that I had held inside me since my last night in Arizona came back to hit me in the face, full force. "Bella!" he exclaimed while taking me in his arms "What did I did this time, love? Forgive me, please" desperation was evidently present in his voice laced with agony. Oh why? Why can't we just have a simple romantic story like every other couple on this planet? "Bella" he called this time, tenderly trying to make me look in his eyes. And I didn't wanted to do that- look into his eyes- cause whenever I did that I just fell deeper in love with him, I lost every single sense I possessed and that wasn't something that I wanted to do at this moment. It would just make me more vulnerable. "Please just look at me just this once" how it killed me to hear that pain-which was so similar to mine- in his voice. I was so afraid to look at his face wondering if his voice alone could carry so much grief then how much could his face would express and I was right to be afraid cause when I looked up at him he looked like a burning man. Everything about him screamed pain and it brought a fresh spell of tears into my eyes. I didn't knew how to express my feelings so I did something that I had wanted to do since the first time I had seen him in the cafeteria; I kissed him with every single pent up emotion inside me. This kiss was not like the others; if the other were like a fresh breeze of spring then this was like the scorching heat in July. It was like white hot iron, pure and simple. There was no Edward or Bella in that room in those second it was just two bodies and two highly tangled and connected souls. I pulled at his hairs a little harder than necessary and felt an answering grown vibrating from somewhere deep inside him; it almost sounded like a growl. The thrill that I felt from hearing him make that incredible sound was unimaginable. I pressed myself closer to him and felt him grip my waist in almost an animal-like fashion. It was incredibly amazing. His right hand was tangled with my hairs while the left hand was still on my waist when suddenly a thunderous sound from somewhere alerted us of the presence of the rest of the world. He pulled away unwillingly. My heart was probably going a thousand miles an hour and we were still gasping for air. "Shouldn't we probably go outside to check out what had happened?" I questioned when my gasping has somewhat reduced. "No. Everything is fine outside someone just dropped something but we still should leave the library; everyone is starting to fill in" Someone just dropped something? And how did he know? I nodded anyway. I was about to turn when he, in one of his lightning fast motion, pulled me back to him and kissed me full on the mouth again. I was still under his spell when he whispered the words that I longed for him to say to me all this time. "I have loved you since that moment on that busy street when even after being nearly crushed to death and that fainting spell you still had my names on your lips. I had almost died of the suspense of looking in your eyes imagining all the while that if just your voice could contain so much of love how much love your eyes could hold. And