Links in a Chain Rating: G Summary: An obsolete craft provides the links for a chain that connects the First Age to the Fourth. oOoOoOoOoOo As flash of movement caught his eye, Legolas pulled his gaze away from the piece of wood at which he had been idly carving and peered southward. His keen eyes would see what approached long before other eyes could spy him nestled within the dense leaves of the birch tree. His bow rested beside him, and there were many arrows at the ready upon his other side. He left them where they were; no threat could approach from that direction without first passing through the main camp, and he'd have heard that sort of commotion. So, he let his gaze drift back down to his piece of wood and waited patiently. Before long, a golden-haired youth appeared. Legolas smiled as the child scanned the trees for him without success. It morphed into a frown, though, as his seeker gave up and plopped down, with a huff, atop a large rock, apparently intent upon waiting for Legolas to appear. "Tch," Legolas clucked from his hiding place. "You should not be wandering so far from camp, child. The lands are full of shadow and threat. Any sort of harm could befall you." "No harm is going to befall me," the child answered laughingly. "You are here to watch over me." "That is true enough," Legolas agreed, solemnly. "I am here and will watch over you. That does not, though, prove your deed any less reckless, for you did not know as much until this moment." "I did know!" Eärendil countered, scowling at the affront. "Did you now?" Legolas queried, as a doubtful frown warred with the amused smile tugging upon his lips. "And how is it you knew just where to find me when I departed our camp whilst you were yet asleep?" Eärendil shrugged, his gaze dropping to the ground, but just as Legolas became certain the child would not answer, a quiet voice replied, "I was asleep this morning, but I was awake when father took the watch last night, and I followed him." "Hmm," was Legolas's only response, but when Eärendil finally dared peek up at him, he smiled at the child. "I see you are cunning; that will serve you well, I am certain." Eärendil grinned at the supposed compliment. It fell away quickly, though, as Legolas pointed back toward the main camp. "Now scoot, child," he insisted. "Your parents will worry. Be a good a good lad and cause them no grief before I return from watch, and I shall teach you a new skill and, perhaps, also, a bit of history, after supper." Eärendil's grin returned. "Yes, Legolas. I shall return at once," he agreed and dashed off quickly, his enthusiasm earning a chuckle from his guardian. oOoOoOoOoOo It had grown late by the time Legolas was relieved on watch, but he was not yet too weary to be amused by the child bouncing around his feet as he returned to camp. He was impressed, though, when Eärendil resisted his obvious urge to rush his elder, and waited almost patiently for him to finish his supper. Legolas barked with laughter, as the child nearly pounced on him the moment he'd set down his bowl, though. "Oh, what is it that you are going to teach me, Legolas?" Eärendil quizzed, eagerly. "I asked mother and father what it might be, but they could not guess." Legolas smiled and patted the ground beside him. "Come, child, and you will find out." Eärendil plopped down with such enthusiasm that Legolas was somewhat astonished the child had not hurt himself, but Eärendil quickly settled, ready for his lesson. Legolas patted the child's head in approval, then pulled out the piece of wood he'd been carving while on watch and handed over the finished product. "Oooh," Eärendil cooed, as he studied the beautifully carved object. He turned it in his hands several times to study it from every angle. "What do you think?" asked Legolas, his head quirking seriously. Eärendil gave the object one last inspection, before solemnly handing it back and looking up to meet Legolas's eyes. "It seems a lot of work to make a pretty spoon that will one day be thrown away." Legolas smiled, patiently, and gave the spoon a once over himself. "Yes, were it simply a spoon, that might be true," he agreed. "Is it not a spoon?" asked Eärendil. "Of sorts," Legolas replied, cryptically. He smiled as a deep furrow etched the child's brow, but he did not have the heart to leave Eärendil to stew. "It is a spoon, but it is not the sort one eats with," he explained. "Ooooh" Eärendil responded, as though that had explained all with clarity, but his small brow remained furrowed. Legolas smiled in amusement, as he pulled out two untouched pieces of wood, along with a small, spare knife. "Shall I teach you how to carve one of your own, whilst I explain its true nature to you? It's a thing that might come in handy one day, when you are grown," he asked, though he presumed the answer and was already handing over the knife and one piece of wood. Eärendil nodded, eagerly, as he accepted the items. "First, you must decide what you wish to carve," Legolas instructed. "It does not matter so much with this spoon, as it is only a practice spoon, so to speak, but one day, it will matter very much what you choose to carve. So, you be thoughtful with your choices." Eärendil nodded solemnly, earning an approving pet on the head. "Shall I tell you the meaning of the different symbols you might choose?" "Yes, please," Eärendil answered, promptly. "All right, then, to understand the symbols, you must first understand the meaning of the spoon," Legolas began. "And to understand that, you need to comprehend that long ago, before Gondolin became the great city that it was, many of our people did not have gold and silver and gems by which to pledge themselves to one another, as is the custom of some. Eärendil nodded. His parents had explained such gifts to him when once he'd admired his mother's pendant and his father's broach. "In those days," Legolas continued, "it became a custom amongst some to carve these spoons for one another and give them as a gift and as a symbol of our pledge to honor one another until the ending of the world. Thus, the symbols we choose to carve represent our hopes and desires, and should the one we choose to give the spoon not like our choices, perhaps she does not gift a spoon to us in return. Do you understand?" Eärendil nodded, solemnly. "One might choose a bell as a symbol of harmony," Legolas explained. "Or two balls in a cage to symbolize love held safe, or a bird as a symbol of freedom." "Freedom?" squawked Eärendil. "That does not seem a likely symbol to woo a bride." Legolas laughed. "That depends on the bride, I suppose," he replied. "For even within a union, some freedom is still required. Husband and wife do not become one person, after all. They simply enter into a partnership that must allow for the needs of each." "I see," Eärendil responded, though it was clear from his tone that he did not, really. "You will someday," Legolas stated, with a laugh. "At least I hope you will before you have a bride of your own." Eärendil made a face at the thought of a bride, but Legolas simply petted him again and asked, "Shall I continue? Eärendil nodded. "Let's see…" Legolas tapped his chin as he thought a moment, then continued on, "You might carve a gem to say you hope for wealth or good fortune, or simply carve a heart as symbol of your love. You might carve a key and lock to indicate your intent to keep her safe." "That would be rather the opposite of a bird, would it not?" Eärendil asked, seriously. "For wouldn't it mean you meant to keep her locked away?" "It could be seen as such, I suppose," replied Legolas. "But both symbols have appeared together on more than one spoon, for a desire for safety and security does not preclude a want of freedom. It is hoped that you would choose a recipient who would understand your intent, whether it be a pledge to keep her safe or a threat of imprisonment," he finished, with a wink, and Eärendil laughed. "I would not mean to imprison her," he responded. "That would not do at all. If I carved that, it would be my sword in her defense that I meant to pledge," Eärendil added, but then tapped his own chin as he thought a moment. "But then, I think perhaps I would simply carve a sword…" Legolas laughed. "They would be your symbols to choose," he then agreed. "Are there more?" Eärendil asked. "Indeed," Legolas answered. "You might carve a knot to indicate your hope that your lives be eternally woven together, or perhaps simply a twisted stem. Or there may be a symbol that is special to just you and her that others would not think to carve…" "Because it is the tale of the heart and mind in regards to her?" Eärendil summarized, hesitantly. "Indeed," confirmed Legolas, smiling proudly at the child astuteness. He waited a moment, as the child studied the blank canvas in his hands, and then asked, "Have you a plan for it?" Eärendil nodded. "I do! And I shall begin with a tree, I think…" "A tree?" asked Legolas. "Yes," confirmed Eärendil. "It shall be a symbol of my strength and steadiness, for I hope that I shall be both when I am grown," he explained, smiling up at Legolas. His expression fell, though, as Legolas frowned, his head shaking slightly. "Do you not think I shall be such when I am grown?" Legolas quirked his lips into an apologetic half-smile and petted the child's head. "I think you are indeed likely to be both when you are grown," he assured. "Then why not a tree?" asked Eärendil, almost tearfully. "Do not fret, child," Legolas consoled. "I intended no insult. It is only…" he paused, though only long enough for two taps upon his chin. "It is only that I do not think you are fated to set your roots deeply within the soil of Middle-earth." Eärendil's brow furrowed. "Where else could they be set?" Legolas gaze drifted up into the sky, as he searched for an answer, but finally he admitted, "I know not, child. I only know what I feel…and what I feel is that your fate is not here." Eärendil frowned, and Legolas patted his back. "Do not trouble over it. Where your fate lies is not our topic for this night. Shall we return to our task?" Earendil hesitated, still troubled by Legolas's words, but he soon pushed them aside. His elder was busy and would not have many chances in the coming days to sit beside Eärendil and teach him. oOoOoOoOoOo Eärendil had carved many spoons with many different symbols by the time he carved his last one—the one he gave to his beloved. He had chosen his symbols with great care, just as Legolas had taught him he must. Still, it was with wonderment that he received her answering spoon. "Father, what is it for?" a small voice asked, as he gazed lovingly at the spoon one day. Looking down from the tree branch on which he sat, Eärendil smiled at the twin sets of eyes peering up at him quizzically. "Shall I teach you all about it, while I show you how to make your own?" he asked. He grinned as Elrond and Elros nodded eagerly. "Come, then, mother will have supper ready soon, and we may as well begin between