Summary: Young Estel is led astray by elf lords. (Entry in the Teitho fanfiction contest) Time Period: The summer of The Hobbit Disclaimer: The characters and places of the Lord of the Rings are the creation of J.R.R. Tolkien and currently licensed to New Line Cinema. The fairy tale is public domain and, hence, belongs to no one, or possibly everyone, but certainly not to me alone. All original characters and situations belong to me. No slash expressed or implied at any time in any of my stories. Special thanks to Nilmandra for her speedy beta efforts and for providing much aid in tweaking the ending just so. oOoOoOoOoOoOo Curled up in a deep wickerwork chair that he had dragged to the west porch from the Hall of Fire, Estel pulled his soft woollen blanket more snugly around him. Though June, the storm that had woken him in the dark hour before dawn made the early morning air damp and chill and seemingly able to find its way inside his blanket no matter how he shifted it. Estel did not mind very much though -- at least it did not bother him enough to miss the spectacular display of lightning flashing above the High Moors. He signed contentedly through a yawn as the storm rolled away eastward, down the river. Somewhere beneath the grey clouds the sun had risen, and Estel sleepily watched as the glowing haze that filled the valley shifted from red to orange and then paled to a ghostly white that made all world seem magical and mysterious. The wonder was not enough, though, to stifle the hunger rumbling through his waking stomach. Breakfast will soon be ready, he decided as the smell of cooking fires reached his nose. Thus, with another, wider, yawn and a long stretch of his limbs, Estel finally rose. He was however promptly distracted, as the sounds of hooves clip-clopping over stone pulled his gaze toward the bridge that crossed the Bruinen. Ducking behind his chair, Estel waited with baited breath. Who could it be? Who would hazard the journey down the steep slopes leading into the valley so early in the morning on such a damp day as this? Perhaps the twins have returned, he considered excitedly and grinned as, sure enough, the head of one of the twins' sturdy brown mares materialized out of the haze. Elladan soon appeared walking beside her, but Estel did not rise to greet him, for there were also people seated upon her back –- people Estel had never seen before. They were elves, or at least he thought they were; it was difficult to tell for certain. The one seated in front had long dark hair, much like Elladan's, but was too slumped over in the arms of the one seated behind him to make out much else. The one seated behind had golden hair that reminded him of Glorfindel, even filthy and dripping from the rain as it was. Estel could not see much more of him, as the fellow held his companion close. A good thing, too, as he would not have remained seated otherwise, Estel decided. His heart thumped excitedly as they halted before the porch, instead of turning toward the stables as he had expected. His eager eyes studied the strangers as the golden-haired one eased the dark-haired one into Elladan's arms. Estel could see then that both wore strange clothes. The elves of the Valley wore bright, cheerful colours, but it was plain to see, contrasted strikingly against Elladan's periwinkle tunic, damp and dirty as it was, that these clothes were neither bright nor cheerful. Estel shifted his gaze upward to inspect the golden-haired stranger, who waited atop the mare until Elladan moved toward the porch and then eased himself slowly to the ground. Estel frowned at the obvious weariness in the stranger's stiff movement, but was soon too absorbed in scrutiny to worry. He could now see that the outer clothes were brown -- soft leather, perhaps, though it was difficult to be certain with the muck covering them. The stranger wore no cloak, which seemed odd to Estel. He glanced quickly at the dark-haired one as Elladan strode past and noted that he, too, wore no cloak. Perhaps they lost them, Estel decided, for it was much too grey and wet to have travelled far without a cloak. He ducked lower as the golden-haired stranger slowly mounted the stairs and slipped inside behind Elladan. He had passed near enough for Estel to see with certainty that he was indeed an elf, though a grimy, filthy one, covered in black and red that was surely blood. They have been fighting orcs, Estel decided excitedly. "Estel?" said Elrohir's bemused voice, and Estel realized with a start that, intent on viewing the stranger, he had risen into view. "You are up and about very early, little one." "The storm woke me, and I came out to see the lightning," answered Estel. Elrohir nodded wearily and started toward the door, but a shout of "Elrohir!" stopped him. An amused smile lightened his fatigued expression as a mystified "Who are they?" followed. "They are elves come for the Council," he stated matter-of-factly, dropping exhaustedly into Estel's wickerwork chair. "But they are not dressed like elves," Estel observed, coming out from behind the chair so the Elrohir would not have to twist his head around to talk to him. "They are dressed like Wood-elves," Elrohir said simply. "Wood-elves!" parroted Estel with awe. But after a moment his expression shifted from wonder to scepticism, and he said knowingly, "Wood-elves do not have golden-hair. Their hair is brown, like ours, so that second fellow cannot be a Wood-elf." Elrohir cocked his head at this, his right eyebrow rising slightly at the child's presumed expertise, but then he laughed. Resting his head against the high back of the chair, he said, "The Wood-elf's king has golden-hair." Estel's eyes grew wide. The Wood-elf king! He had seen the Wood-elf king! He frowned suddenly and said, "He did not look much like a king to me." Much to Estel's annoyance, the remarked provoked another bark of laughter from Elrohir, who replied, "Nay, he would not, as Legolas is not the Wood-elf king." Estel's puzzled frown shifted to one of disgust. "But you just said…" "I said the Wood-elf king has golden hair, which he does. I did not say that the Wood-elf king had come to Rivendell," Elrohir corrected, lifting his head to peer at the child before him. "That was Legolas that you saw, the king's son, who has come in his father's stead." With that, Elrohir hauled himself up and trudged inside. Estel continued to frown at his back as he went. Legolas did not look to him much like the son of a king, either. "Ai, and what would cause such an expression as that on such a fine morning as this?" Estel whipped around and found Glorfindel climbing the stairs. "Where did you come from?" he queried disapprovingly. Glorfindel had not arrived with the twins and would have had to rise very early to have left the house before Estel came out to watch the lightning. Glorfindel lifted his brows at the child's tone, but then shook his head and answered simply, "I come from the stables." Estel waited a moment for more information. When none seemed forthcoming, he turned back toward the door and resumed his frowning. "I say again, child, what would cause such a grim expression so early in the day?" Dropping into the wickerwork chair, Estel grumbled indignantly, "Elrohir is teasing me." "Oh," Glorfindel said cautiously, "in what way, may I ask?" Estel peered at him disgustedly. "He says Legolas is the son of the Wood-elf king, but he does not look like a prince to me. He clothes are plain, not to mention filthy, and he had no entourage, or even a cloak!" he explained, emphasising the last word as though it were it were clearly the most telling clue. "Ah, I see," said Glorfindel and tapped his lips, seemingly deep in thought. "Let me see… Yes, I believe there is a way we might be able to determine the truth of Elrohir's claim, if you are game to try, that is." Glorfindel gazed steadily at him, as though sizing up his courage, and Estel puffed out his chest. "What is it I must do?" Glorfindel tapped his lips again for several seconds, until Estel wondered if he had changed his mind and would not tell him. Then, abruptly, he said, "You must put a pea beneath Legolas's mattress before he sleeps. Of course, then we will need to stack many more mattresses atop, for otherwise we could not be certain…" His words died away as Glorfindel fell back into thought, and then he said slowly, "Seven, with seven eider-down duvets atop them. Yes, I believe that is the correct number." "The correct number for what?" asked Estel, peering incredulously at Glorfindel. "To prove, or disprove, Elrohir's assertion, of course. Princes, you see, are quite delicate, and thus, if Legolas truly be a prince, he will feel the pea no less than if it were a boulder," Glorfindel explained, with a twinkle in his eyes that brought the disgusted frown back to Estel's face. "Now you are teasing me, too," he huffed, folding his arms in indignation. "Starting a trifle early today, don't you think, Glorfindel?" came a voice from within the shadows of doorway. "I would think you could at least wait until the lad had his breakfast before setting about teasing him." Glorfindel glowered light-heartedly as Celeborn stepped onto the porch and then said, pressing a hand to his heart, "You wound me, Celeborn. My advice is most earnest, I assure you." Celeborn peered at him sceptically and then turned to Estel, "What say you, Estel, of this earnest advice?" "I say that it is not earnest at all!" huffed the child. "He says that to prove Legolas is a prince of the Wood-elves, I should put a pea under seven mattresses and put seven duvets on top of that. Nonsense is what that is!" "Indeed, I have never heard anything so ridiculous in all my days," said Celeborn, with a twinkle in his eye to match Glorfindel's. "Seven mattresses and seven duvets!" he harrumphed. "Only a haughty Vanyar would presume that a Wood-elf prince needs so few to feel the pea. Nay, Estel, do not believe a word of it. If you truly wish to know the truth of it, you must certainly use no less than twenty mattresses, covered with twenty duvets." Estel gaped, his incredulous gaze flicking from one elf lord to the other. Surely they could not both be teasing him! "But I cannot move twenty mattresses," he finally lamented. "It would take all day, and after his long journey, Legolas will doubtless seek his bed long before that." "Then it is good you have Glorfindel to aid you," Celeborn consoled. "Mattress stacking is sure to be listed among his many renowned skills." Glorfindel barked with laughter before remarking, "Indeed, Celeborn, little is beyond my skill." He winked at Estel and then, striding past Celeborn and entering the house intent upon hunting up twenty spare mattresses and duvets, he shouted, "We will rendezvous in the emissary guest room in one hour. Estel, I will ask you to fetch the pea, and, Celeborn, bring a ladder, if you would. Between the three of us, we are certain to have the task accomplished with time to spare." It was a sceptical Celeborn and a wary Estel that met Glorfindel in the hall outside the emissary guest room an hour later. "Ah, I see you have managed your assignment well enough, Celeborn," Glorfindel congratulated, noting the ladder propped up against the wall. "And you, Estel?" The child opened his fisted-palm and showed Glorfindel the fat pea he had fetched from the garden. "Excellent! Now, let us