The Bitterness of Mortality By Karri Summary: While visiting Rivendell, Legolas stumbled across a misplaced gift. All the usual disclaimers apply: Tolkien's stuff belongs to the Tolkien Estate. The plot, concept, and original characters belong to me. A/N: This story was inspired by a challenge on that was posted to the Mellon Chronicles message board a decade or so ago. Accordingly, it assumes that Legolas visited Rivendell many times prior to the Council of Elrond and maintained a close friendship with Aragorn (Estel), that Estel referred to Elrond as ada, and that he was considered brother by the Twins. It is, however, not set in the actual Mellon Chronicles universe and does not include any of its original characters. A/N: This story contains references to Silmarillion characters. Anyone who is unfamiliar with them and would like clarification, please let me know in a comment, and I will add an additional author's note at the end with the relevant information. Special thanks to my original beta, Nilmandra, and my current beta, Padawan Aneiki R'hyvar , for their efforts. Comments are welcome and appreciated! Chapter One OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Watching Legolas stride energetically into the deepening forest shadows, Aragorn silently cursed. It wasn't the elf's fault they were out there; Aragorn was the one who had decided to go hunting and drag along his reluctant friend. Nor was it Legolas's fault that Aragorn felt horrible, but that didn't make the ranger any less grumpy with the elf, the forest, the fading daylight, the gathering chill, and everything else that wasn't feeling as miserable as he. Shivering, Aragorn shifted his gaze away from the elf prince and looked instead over the edge of the ravine beside him. He couldn't see the river that he knew was there. He could hear it, though, and focused on it in a vain attempt to ignore the irritating tickle plaguing his throat. Legolas started at the sudden sound of coughing. Turning in search of Aragorn, he found his friend leaning against a tree at the edge of a steep ravine, rubbing at his forehead. Looking more closely, the elf noticed that Aragorn's cheeks were more flushed than warranted by the exertion of their hunt. He is ill , came an abrupt realization. Cursing himself for not noticing sooner, Legolas bit back a worried sigh. The cloudless evening was already draining the warmth of the day from the forest floor, making it a poor bed for a sick mortal. Moving silently toward Aragorn, Legolas studied the steep, winding path that they had just traversed and frowned. Shadows cast by the tall beeches and deeply-scented pines of the Trollshaws veiled the many jutting roots and crumbling rock that had so determinedly sought to trip them with every step. He wondered which would be more dangerous – leaving Aragorn at the mercy of a chill night and waiting until the morrow to return to Imladris, or attempting the treacherous terrain in the dark. "You are not well, mellon-nin," Legolas announced, resting a gentle hand on the ranger's shoulder. More coughing rattled through the air, tightening the knot of worry in the elf's stomach. "It is nothing. I just need a moment to catch my breath," Aragorn countered, wiping his nose on his sleeve. Legolas eyed him skeptically. There will be no convincing him that I am well. The ranger sighed in resignation. Closing his eyes, he rested his aching head against the tree. "We should return to your adar," the prince declared, in a tone that brooked no argument - that is, from anyone but Aragorn. The ranger frowned at the anxious edge to his friend's tone. Legolas had little experience with sickness. Aragorn suspected the elf's concern was greater than his trifling illness warranted. His limbs felt made of lead, but beyond that – and the irritating tickle in his throat – he didn't feel too terrible. "Let us make camp," Aragorn suggested offhandedly. Opening his eyes, he smiled reassuringly. "A good night's rest is all that I need." To Aragorn's astonishment, the elf simply nodded and returned a tentative smile. "Truly, I am certain that it is noth…," Aragorn began, but the sentence fell away forgotten as a sudden movement distracted him. He twisted around in the direction of it, and his eyes widened in horror at the sight of a pouncing wolf. Aragorn lurched away from the tree, reaching for his broadsword and cursing himself for allowing his silly cold to preoccupy both of them so completely. Stepping out of Aragorn's way, Legolas reflexively reached for an arrow as he turned toward the threat, but even he was not fast enough to unsheathe it before the beast slammed solidly into him. The shaft fell to the earth, forgotten, as his hands flew up too slowly to prevent teeth from imbedding deeply into the flesh at the base of his neck. Pain seared, into his shoulder, thru his chest, and down his arm all the way to his fingertips. Pitching forward to tackle the creature, Aragorn's heart constricted with the realization that he had moved too late to stop the scene playing out before him. Legolas's sidestep had placed him too near the edge of the ravine; Aragorn groaned in dismay as the jarring impact caused the ground beneath the elf's feet to crumble away, and wolf and elf toppled out of sight. Barely aware of the dense foliage whipping at him as he tumbled, Legolas pried desperately at the jaws attempting to rip away his flesh. His mind raced with swelling panic, yet each thought seemed to pass in slow motion. Where did the wolf come from? Why did I not hear it coming? Was it alone? Estel is ill, and I have left him undefended! How long will it take to die after the wolf rips out my throat? Ada… The remaining thought scattered as his head smacked into something unyielding, sending a brilliant flash of pain exploding through his skull. His eyes tightly scrunched, Legolas vaguely registered a slight loosening of the wolf's jaw. He took advantage of the opportunity to ram the base of his palm into beast's snout, stunning it enough to allow him to reach his blades. Legolas drove them into the sides of the large body with lightening speed. The beast fell slack, its enormous body collapsing upon the elf and forcing the air from his lungs. Gasping painfully, Legolas let his head drop limply into the gently lapping water at the river's edge and wondered dimly what was taking Aragorn so long. Pray, Elbereth, do not let him be battling the rest of the pack on his own. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Aragorn stumbled back, away from the edge, as a flash of white light exploded from the ravine, temporarily blinding him. Forced to wait for his vision to readjust to the dim light of gloaming, he gripped his sword and listened intently for any new predator that might be lurking in the trees, waiting for just such a moment to pounce. All was silent, but Aragorn cursed all the same, wondering into what new sort of trouble Legolas had landed. "You'll know soon enough," the ranger soothed, launching headlong down the steep slope. His descent was more of a semi-controlled slide than anything. Still, Aragorn managed to emerge within sight of the wolf. Regaining his feet without pause, he rushed forward to rescue his friend from the jaws of the beast. It wasn't until he drove his sword into it that he noticed the wolf was already dead. Praying Legolas had fared better, Aragorn glanced around in search of his friend with a slightly embarrassed blush tingeing his cheeks. "You are fortunate that you did not skewer me with that thrust," a breathless voice rebuked. "Legolas?" "Down here," came the reply. Following it, the ranger rounded the wolf and waded into the shallow water to crouch beside his friend's head. "Enjoying the view?" Aragorn teased, before shifting his gaze up to scan the shadows filling the deep ravine. Glancing down again, he spied the hilt of an Elven blade sticking out from the wolf's side and shook his head in admiration. The expression changed into amusement, though, as Legolas shot him an irritated glare. The ranger chuckled, shifted his weight, and heaved against the hefty corpse. As it rolled off the elf, Aragorn's amusement promptly faded. Blood stained Legolas's slashed and battered tunic. "It appears that I am not the only one Adar will be tending," he quipped, attempting to veil his concern. Offering the prince his free hand, Aragorn gently guided Legolas to his feet. The elf smiled weakly, but lacked sufficient breath for a witty reply. Setting his jaw against a groan, he forced his abused body to rise. Pain pulsed through his head, which swam sickeningly. He slumped forward and rested his hands on his thighs, as he slowly refilled his lungs. Aragorn hovered protectively, his gaze flickering between the menacing shadows and his friend, while the elf steadied himself and then straightened fully. Shakily making his way to a fallen tree at the base of the slope, Legolas plopped down, with quite un-elflike awkwardness. "Legolas?" Aragorn queried, crouching down beside him. The prince propped his elbows on his knees and dropped his head into his hands. Battling an onslaught of nausea, he couldn't speak and settled for raising his hand in a gesture of patience. Aragorn frowned anxiously, but didn't press him further. "Take this." Legolas winced as Aragorn grasped one of his hands and folded his fingers around the hilt of a knife. His heart skipped a beat. Had the beasts followed them down the slope? He lifted his aching head just enough for his eyes to meet those of the crouching ranger. "I do not see anything lurking in the shadows, but it is better to be on our guard," Aragorn replied to the unspoken question in the alarmed, pain-filled eyes that met his and gave the elf's shoulder a reassuring squeeze. Legolas eyed him warily for a moment, but then weariness conquered him. Setting the knife upon his knees, he eased his head back into hands. Aragorn frowned anxiously, but said nothing. Rising, he instead set to work building a small blaze to keep the shadows at bay while he took a look around. "Rest," he bade, crouching beside the elf. "There is too little wood at hand; I must gather more if I hope to have enough light to look at those wounds." Legolas nodded faintly, swallowing hard against the nausea still rising up his throat. Aragorn patted his leg consolingly before rising. Wandering up the riverbank, he scanned the steep slope for any sign of danger, as well as for anything useful; he had not brought any healing herbs with him. Spotting a patch of tall stems crowned with clusters of small pink flowers, the ranger gathered a good supply. The plant wouldn't dull the pain, but it would at least allow Legolas to escape into sleep. Tucking the stems inside his tunic, Aragorn set to work collecting any bit of wood that seemed dry enough to burn. Aside from his desire for warmth and light, he knew wolves were wary of fire. He hadn't seen or heard any sign of others… But you did not hear the one that attacked, either, until it was too late , he scolded. You let a trifling cold distract you and nearly got yourself killed…nearly got Legolas killed! Aragorn's stomach fluttered as he thought of Legolas sitting alone and helpless. Abruptly turning, he hastily retraced his steps. If they think to dine on elf and ranger this night, they shall pay dearly, he vowed to himself, setting his jaw firmly. Legolas shall not suffer further for my weakness. Approaching the elf, Aragorn studied his injured friend. The normally resilient elf hadn't moved at all, increasing his concern. His frown deepened as he thought of facing his father on the morrow. Ada is not going to be pleased to