A/N: This will be slash and het. Let me know what you think, since this will be the first time I've tried to write anything that has either slash or politics in it. I would love for someone to let me know if I'm doing okay, what's really bad, and what I could be doing better. Also I do not have a beta and all mistakes are my own. Chapter one: A reminder of home Minas Trith was the heart of Gondor. If you were rich, you had a house in Minas Trith even if you lived elsewhere, and slaves took care of your home during you absence. There was once a time when Gondor was great, and the people noble. Over time however, after many battles and wars defending Gondor from Umbar Cosairs and Haradians alike, the people were battle weary, angry, and bitter. There were less and less men available to work the fields and money and crops were being lost quickly. Eventually the people demanded that the Steward take up the post as King. They were hesitant to do so, but the people felt it symbolic. For the last five hundred years the line of Stewards became the line of Kings. King Boromir eventually decided to legalize slavery, and any enemy that was caught during battle was quickly auctioned off to the highest bidder. To some it became a sport, like hunting deer and other game. If you could capture a enemy, he was yours to do with as you please. It wasn't unusual for men to show up in Minas Trith with a new load of slaves. This time, Irvin thought, was certainly not the usual load of slaves. As he looked over the men who brought this one in, his face screwed up into a scowl, "The auction won't be for another two weeks so you'll have to find somewhere to keep your slaves until then." The leader of the group, a tall and muscular man named Durban stepped forward, "You mistake me. Purposely perhaps," he sneered looking down at the Palace gaurd, "I have not come to auction the rest of these slaves. I have come to see the King for one I believe that he would greatly desire." Irvin bit back a sigh and looked over the Elf. He could certainly see why Durban thought King Boromir would like to have the Elf around. He was tall and slender with gold spun silky hair that reminded Irvin at once of Lady Isabella. He had blue eyes, a noble bearing and his lips were pressed into a harsh line as he let his eyes rest over each man, disdain and arrogance in every glance despite being bound, beaten and captured. "What is your name, Master Elf?" Irvin asked and the Elf glanced at him surprise evident in his eyes, but it was quickly hidden. Most likely wasn't expected to be called Master Elf when he was so clearly a slave. "Legolas of the woodland realm." The Elf stated, his voice cool and even. Irvin felt for a moment as if the Elf could see clear to his soul. It startled him, until he remembered his wife's words. Amelia was from Dale orginally, and Irvin had met her when he traveled there at naught but seventeen. From the moment he saw her he knew he had to have her and three months later he married her. " The Elves are strange wonderful creatures. A couple come into town during the summer and they would sometimes play with the children. They always felt other-worldly to me, like they could see straight into you with naught but a glance." Coming back to the present he looked the Elf over. He was slender but perhaps a little too slender, "I am Irvin. When was the last time you've eaten, Master Elf?" He questioned ignoring the snort from Durban. "He's not a master. He's a slave." Durban sneered, "He hasn't eaten in a few days either. Been acting up, he has. Injured a couple of me men, and killed four of em tryin' to escape." Irvin sighed deeply. He had a feeling this day was a headache just waiting to happen. Worse, he couldn't imagine what his wife would have to say, when she found out they had captured an Elf. "Did you think the King would pay a reasonable price for the Elf, if you brought him before the King wearing stained clothes, a mass of wounds and ill fed?" Irvin asked, allowing his sarcasm to drip into his voice while he wondered at he stupidity of the men. Durban he knew, was an excellent tracker, and an even better killer. He had been an assassin in his youth, but once slavery became legal he had decided to try his lot in it. It worked for he brought in the most slaves. But he didn't quite grasp the concept that damaged goods wouldn't sale as high. "Did you or any of your men take advantage of him?" He finally asked, hating the question, but it was neccessary. It was illegal to touch a slave when you were not his master, even if you did capture him or her. "No." Durban answered looking quite bored with this line of questioning. ` "I will tell the King you would like to see him, but the Elf shall come with me. He will bathe, eat and be seen by a healer before you bring him in front of the King." Irvin ordered. He was the son of the captain of the gaurd, King Boromir's most trusted solider, so even if he himself didn't have power, he wasn't above using his father's influence to his advantage sometimes. "Fine, but one of my men will go with you." Irvin laughed, "No they won't seeing that I'm going home. My wife would never let one of your men into her home, especially now that you've captured an Elf." With that, Irvin turned to the Elf who had been watching the conversation with causal interest and spoke to him. "Master Elf, if you would follow me?" Legolas noticed that the Man made it a question rather than an order, though they both knew he had no real choice in the matter. Reluctantly Legolas walked behind the Man as they took a rather confusing path through the city. After walking past the same statue three times Legolas finally decided to comment. "Are you lost?" "Why do you ask?" Legolas shot the Man a look. "We've walked past that statue three times." "Yes we have. I'm sure Durban told one of his men to follow me and I have no intention of showing him where I live." Legolas glanced back for a moment, and noticed that one of the men was following them. Or trying to at least. He had a confused and annoyed look on his face and looked as if he were about to give up. Legolas bit back a curse as a man bumped into him jarring the stab wound on his stomach, sending a wave of pain crashing over him. He exhaled slowly and closed his eyes for a second, before opening them again. He looked over at the Man who was walking next to him. He had surprised Legolas by calling him Master Elf even though he was clearly to be sold as a slave. Though he was loathe to admit it, he did appreciate the respect that came with that gesture after the last few weeks of rough treatment at the hands of the other men. The man wasn't very tall, only coming a little past Legolas's chin and he was slender, barely filling out his uniform. Black wavy hair came to rest at the bottom of his shoulders and he had an angular face with dark brown eyes. He wasn't exactly handsome but there was a gentleness in his manner and eyes that made Legolas hesitate and question the assumption he had that all Humans were as the other Men were. He tried not to think about what kind of Man the King was. If he was willing to keep Legolas as a 'personal slave' then it obviously wasn't a very good one. "We're here." Irvin's voice startled Legolas though he didn't show it. The house they stood in front of was two stories and made out of granite. It had a small wraparound balcony and Legolas was hopeful that it wouldn't be to hard to escape from. If the Man was going to at least loosen his bonds so he could bathe then he might be able to escape. "Amelia?" Irvin called out as they entered the house. Legolas stood behind Irvin, half hidden in the shadows and heard footsteps coming downstairs. Legolas was surprised as the woman came into the room. She was average height and slender, with emerald green eyes and wavy red hair that fell in waves to her waist. She was beautiful, something Legolas had never connected with any Human's before. They were graceless, and ugly. Of course, the only Human's he had ever saw up close were the ones who captured him, but from what he heard from the other Elves they were all like that. Brutish and uncivilized. "Shh...keep your voice down, I just laid the children down for a nap." She scolded and stopped short as she saw the Elf. "Irvin...honey, would you like to explain to me what one of the firstborn are doing in my home, bound and thoroughly beaten?" Irvin almost winced at the venom in her voice. He had dealt with his wife's considerable temper before, even when she was delivering their children and pregnant, so he was fairly sure he could handle this. That said, he was all too willing to throw Durban under the horse, so to speak, "Durban and his group came around with him. His names Legolas and they think to sell him to the King. He needs to be clean, fed, a healer needs to see him and he could probably do with some sleep as well. I figure he can see the King in the morning." Amelia scowl deepened as she glared at her husband, but after a few minutes of looking into his eyes she finally sighed and nodded, turning to the Elf instead. "Legolas is it?" The elf nodded looking at her wearily. "Would you by any chance be from Mirkwood?" She asked in perfect Elvish. Legolas almost dropped his jaw in shock. She spoke Elvish! He rapidly started speaking and the Lady smiled. "Would you slow down, please? It has been many years since I have had need or the chance to speak Elvish." She explained and Legolas nodded, speaking at a more sedate pace. "My lady, what are they going to do with me? How do you know Elvish?" "I grew up in Dale and many elves past through. One took pity on a little girl who liked languages. As for what is going to happen to you," She hesitated, "I think we should speak more on that when you are feeling more refreshed." Legolas would have rather spoke on it now, but didn't want to alienate the only person he could speak in his native language to. Even if her voice wasn't as meldious as Elves, being able to speak and have someone answer in Elvish made him feel a little better at least. Legolas was still a very young Elf and new to the world, barely past his majority. He had been sheltered at Mirkwood and had yet to be tried in true battle. When the Men captured him he had been about to go on his first trip by himself out of Mirkwood. His father had given him leave to go by himself to Imaldris and King Thranduil wouldn't be expecting to hear from him for at least a year or so. Legolas allowed the Lady to led him upstairs and into a room. In