Authors Note: Hello everyone! So I'm thinking that this may be a Twilight Plus Two (TPT) remake. (If you haven't read Twilight Plus Two don't worry it's not required before reading this story! The characters and everything will be explained! Please excuse my 13-14 year old writing skills if you do read it though...I like to think I've improved since writing that! But maybe not! *shrugs awkwardly*) Anyway, this story will have the same characters as TPT, but the story line will be a little different and probably a little longer. Instead of just stating the semi major plot changes of the Twilight books that I made to write TPT, I'm going to take you through them in this story. Example: Lexi and Emmett. This story will eventually get to following the Twilight books (All four of them) but I'm taking out some scenes that I had in TPT, replacing them with different ones, and adding some things that will really make this story different from TPT. So no one asks why I just didn't take down TPT and rewrite it to make these changes, I'll explain myself: I wanted to leave it up there because some people really enjoyed the original story and might not like the changes I'm making. I would hate to take away a story that people like and might want to reread. It'd irritate and disappoint me if an author completely changed a story I loved without keeping original up for me to read. Also, since this story is different and TPT is a completed story, it'd be so hard to try and add in chapters where they need to go and rearrange things so they make sense. And I didn't want to make a mini story/excerpt because there's too many of them and I'm changing up the story line so it's not exactly the same. I'm going to try not to have a ton of short chapters and instead have very few long ones. Now few might not turn out to be few but I promise to at least make them longer so maybe we can stay under 50! :) Because it might take me a while to write new chapters, I'll include "previously in Chapter blank.." things so everyone remembers what happened. Sorry this Authors Note is so long, I promise this will be the longest one! When we get to them I'll include the rest of the plot changes in the Authors Notes so anyone who hasn't read TPT still knows whats going on! Sorry once again, please enjoy the story! :) So first couple plot changes: For one, vampires can eat. I never understood why the venom couldn't dissolve food...it can penetrate cells but not food?! They can also sleep. Never really understood why they couldn't do that either. These changes are minor I swear, there's going to be no huge changes to the story because of them. Please don't freak out on me :) Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight, it's all Stephanie Meyer's! "Are you sure this is it?" I asked Alice as we pulled into a long dirt driveway. As we drove a cream colored three story house came into view. She smiled over at me, "This is it! Aren't you excited?" "I think you have enough excitement for the both of us. Maybe try and rein it in a bit...wouldn't wanna scare em." "I don't have to! I've already seen them taking us in!" Alice squealed and opened up her door practically running to the house. I lingered behind a little, staring up at the big house. It looked nice on the outside; very well taken care of. Hard to believe a coven of vampires lived in it. Though it was hard to believe that vampires drank animals too, yet here I was drinking them for nearly two years now. Definitely not as good as humans, but at least I couldn't feel the animals pain and fear as I drank them. Alice waited until I was on the front steps with her before she knocked. Confusion and slight fear seeped from the house. Something told me they weren't used to having visitors no matter how "civilized" they were. I tugged on the sleeves of my shirt, slightly nervous myself. I knew how badly Alice wanted to be apart of their family. Imagine how awful it'd be if they didn't let her in because of me and my scars that made every vampire on edge with one glance. It doesn't matter how nice Alice says these people are, they'll still look at me the same way everyone else does; with fear. A woman with long, wavy, caramel brown hair opened the door and looked between Alice and I. She was surprised and I was sure that was because she wasn't expecting vampires on her doorstep. "Hello, can I help you?" Her voice sounded cautious, though she was trying to hide it. "Esme! We finally found you!" Alice exclaimed jumping into Esme's arms, pushing her back into the house slightly since she wasn't expecting it. Esme looked at me with pure shock in her golden eyes, her arms frozen at her sides while Alice clung to her for dear life. A blonde girl came towards us then, coming to check out all the commotion. I stared at her and did a quick check of both of their emotions to be sure that neither of them were hostile. Surprisingly, they weren't. Curiosity and nervousness, mainly from Esme, were all I picked up. I sighed and tugged on Alice's arm, "Come on, Alice. She doesn't even know you. You're making her nervous." Alice stepped back and grinned sheepishly, "Sorry. I'm a little excited. I've been waiting my whole life to find you guys. Can I finish coming into your house?" Esme still looked and felt very confused but agreed nonetheless. She looked back at the blonde girl and shrugged. Of course Alice waltzed right in and made herself at home on the couch. She wasn't uncomfortable in the slightest. I, on the other hand, was very uncomfortable and not because Esme and the other girl were. I stood on the outskirts of their living room as I watched Alice rub the black couch to see how soft it was. There was no one else in the house but us four. Alice had said that there was four of them total in the family. I wondered where the other two were. "Have a seat." Esme gestured to the couch as she spoke to me. She rubbed her hands together. A very human thing to do when nervous. Not that she didn't have every right to be. Two complete strangers were in her house. One acting like she'd lived there all her life and the other acting like an intruder. Everything about this place was wrong. I knew that I shouldn't have come along but I didn't show it, "Thank you." I moved to sit next to Alice and waited for someone to do something. The awkward pressure in the air was thick, weighing on my chest. Alice gasped and turned towards Esme, "I completely forgot! I'm sorry! I'm Alice and this is Jasper. Sorry about earlier, like I said I'm very excited. You see, I can see the future and I saw that Jasper and I would end up with your family drinking animals just like you do! When I first became a vampire, one of my very first visions was of your family drinking animals. Ever since then I've been following your lifestyle. It's been difficult, but both of us are trying and willing to keep practicing. Please let us into your family." "Alice," I stared at her with wide eyes, unable to believe that they'd just decide to let us in because Alice had a vision. Esme laughed, "Well, we'll have to wait and talk to my husband and son first though I'm sure they won't have any problem with it." Alice checked the future, "I can't see yet. But I have seen us with you so I'm sure it'll be ok! Edward and I will be great friends, I have seen that!" "Have you seen everyone in my family?" "Yes and I know all your names! You're Rosalie," Alice gestured to the blonde girl, "and I've seen Edward and Carlisle." "What about you," Rosalie asked me, sitting on the couch opposite of Alice and I, "what's your story?" I glanced at Alice and shrugged not really wanting to repeat my tales of vampire war for fear it hurt Alice's chances of getting into the family, "I'm with Alice." It became very clear that Rosalie was not going to let it drop at that, "She's your mate?" "No, we've just been traveling together." "I met Jasper at a diner. I had a vision that I would meet him there and then we'd find you together." Alice added. Rosalie nodded, "So you just decided to follow some random vampire to meet some random family that you don't know?" "She presented an opportunity for a better life so I took it." "A better life? What do you mean by that? Was your life bad before meeting Alice?" I was beginning to get annoyed with her prying questions, "Let's just say it wasn't ideal." "And this is?" "It's the lesser of two evils." "Can I move into Edwards room?" Alice interrupted Rosalie and I's tense conversation. I gave her a grateful look, happy that the attention was off of me. Esme laughed, "Why don't we wait for Carlisle to get home first." Alice sighed, "But he left the hospital two minutes ago and he's still not here." "He'll be here soon." Rosalie smiled an evil looking smile at me, "So back to our conversation..." "Another time Rosalie." Esme cut her off. Thank the Lord. As soon as I heard a car pull into the driveway I began sending Alice engulfing waves of calm in an attempt to avoid a repeat of the days earlier situation. I couldn't save Esme, but I could sure try and save her mate. "I'll go prepare him." Esme said as she headed towards the door. It was probably for the best. I wasn't sure how much longer I could keep Alice down. It seemed that for every wave of calm I sent, she radiated a wave of excitement twice as big. How could somethin' so small have so much happiness? If Esme was talking to him I couldn't hear them. I was trying my hardest to keep Alice in check. The only thing I could see was her short black hair as I focused on sending her more powerful waves of calmness. Suddenly Alice jumped off of the couch and I gave up sending her calm then, seeing as I'd lost the battle. My eyes met a pair of gold ones that belonged to a man with neat short blond hair that was combed back. I assumed this was Carlisle. "I'm sorry," I apologized to him, "I tried to keep her calm so she didn't do that." Carlisle chuckled, "That's alright." If he was weirded out or nervous at all he didn't show it. In fact he seemed very good-natured about the whole thing. I was a little wary about the way they opened their house to strangers and welcomed us with very little questions or fear. Perhaps they too had seen us coming. But Alice had said nothing about one of them seeing the future like she did. When Alice released Carlisle she introduced us and went into her tale of her seeing them in her very first visions. She and Carlisle sat on the couch and he listened with immense interest. He asked her questions about her gift and what she remembered of her human life, which was nothing. He was so eager to learn about her that it was frightening. Who would want to know every detail of a strangers life? More importantly, what was he