Author Note: following is NOT in chronological order. The original version (collection of recorded interviews) is hosted on my tumblr (quillstrike) - I highly suggest checking it out. This is my entry for the WA Alternate Format Challenge. MINISTRY CONSPIRACY UNCOVERED: SHOCKING SUBTERFUGE; "I KILLED HIM," SAYS WAR HERO HERMIONE GRANGER By E.M. STRIKER / December 21, 2000 "HE SAVED ME, AND I KILLED HIM." - HERMIONE GRANGER Shocking new evidence has come to light two years after the Battle of Hogwarts. A source within the Ministry has leaked a dossier unveiling the existence of a top secret mission. The documents reveal the existence of an as-of-yet unidentified man, listed simply as "Interviewer 1," who appears to be spearheading the directive. Interviewer 1 (I1) conducted a series of interviews with notable figures like Mr. Harry Potter, commonly known as the Boy Who Lived, and his companions. Although the interviews appear to be incomplete, one date appears repeatedly in the few salvaged - January the 2nd. A document obtained through confidential means reveals the source of this fascination: when Luna Lovegood, then 16, was asked to elaborate on the night of January the 2nd, known to few as the night of Harry Potter's imprisonment in the Malfoy manor, she alluded to a mysterious occurrence involving the late Death Eater Draco Malfoy. "I heard Draco shouting...I'm not sure what he was saying exactly," Ms. Lovegood told her interviewer on January 5th, 1998. When asked to elaborate, Ms. Lovegood surprisingly pointed to Ms. Hermione Granger, now known to many as a war hero and advocate for house elf rights. "You'll have to ask Hermione," Ms. Lovegood said. In a later interview, labeled File No. 095 and dated March 17, 1998, Ms. Hermione Granger herself comments on the Death Eater's role - or, rather, her silence reveals much. When pressed to reveal the nature of her relationship with Mr. Malfoy, Ms. Granger states only, "He saved me, and I killed him." Mr. Draco Malfoy's death is officially dated May 2nd, 1998 - the night of the Battle of Hogwarts. Ms. Granger's interview, however, occurred two months prior. The interview unfortunately ends with Ms. Granger's foreboding statement, leaving the mystery of Ms. Granger's alleged role in Mr. Malfoy's death a mystery. Ms. Adelaide Lance, head solicitor for the Ministry, declined to comment. The release of these documents marks an intriguing new development in a war so many are still struggling to come to terms with. While only a few interviews to date have been recovered, they summon questions about this fateful January night and the Ministry's role in the war - what else is the Ministry concealing? Below are excerpts from the newly released documents. TOP SECRET File No. 095; 17.3.1998 SUBJECT: Interview with Hermione Granger, aged 18. Location: Shell Cottage. TEXT: 1. At 2332 hours , Interviewer 1 ("I1") began his interview with Ms. Hermione Granger ("H. Granger") in Shell Cottage. H. Granger appeared noticeably tired and remained silent for the majority of the interview. FYI: friends of H. Granger note that her disposition shifted most apparently after January the 2nd. On January the 2nd, known Death Eater Bellatrix Lestrange tortured H. Granger, an occurrence that most likely is responsible for H. Granger's reticence. I1 began the interview by congratulating H. Granger on her successful mission at Gringotts, during which H. Granger, Mr. Harry Potter, and Mr. Ronald Weasley retrieved a valuable Horcrux (see: dossier on Helga Hufflepuff's Cup) from the Lestranges' vault. 2. At 2356 hours , after multiple attempts to get H. Granger to elaborate on the events of January the 2nd, I1 diverted from official protocol and asked H. Granger about the nature of her relationship with Mr. Draco Malfoy. FYI: this question was not included in the list of prepared material, of which I1 was fully aware. It is of note that, post I1's interview with Ms. Luna Lovegood on January 1st, 1998, I1 has been inquiring into the life of Mr. Draco Malfoy. It is also of note that Mr. Draco Malfoy perished early the morning of January 2nd. 3. At 2400 hours , H. Granger reported: "He saved me." When asked to elaborate, H. Granger remained silent between 2400 to 2420 hours. At 2421 hours, H. Granger added: "He saved me, and I killed him." 4. CURRENT STATUS : H. Granger exhibits clear signs of emotional trauma. It is recommended that she remain under close study. 5. PLANS : Further inquiry is needed into H. Granger's cryptic comment. There is no evidence of Mr. Draco Malfoy's involvement in H. Granger's escape from Malfoy Manor or of H. Granger's hand in his death. We suspect this comment stems from her prior trauma (see: H. Granger's medical report, January 3rd, 1998). END MESSAGE. TOP SECRET File No. 032; 5.1.1998 SUBJECT: Interview with Luna Lovegood, aged 16. Location: Shell Cottage. TEXT: 1. At 0732 hours , Interviewer 1 ("I1") began the interview with Ms. Luna Lovegood ("L. Lovegood") at the infirmary in Order Headquarters. FYI: L. Lovegood returned from imprisonment at Malfoy manor on January 3rd, 1998 and has been in recovery ever since. 2. At 0740 hours , L. Lovegood commented on the existence of Wrackspurts floating around I1's head. L. Lovegood ignored I1's attempts to redirect the conversation to the events of January the 2nd and instead extracted a hefty, misshapen green tube (a "Wrackspurt siphon") from her bag. I1 accepted the siphon and half-heartedly tapped it against his head. I1 asked L. Lovegood to elaborate on her mistreatment under the hands of her captors, Narcissa, Lucius, and Draco Malfoy. L. Lovegood revealed that she had been taken captive while flying home for the Christmas holidays because her father, Mr. Xenophilius Lovegood, had initially printed articles supporting Mr. Harry Potter. FYI: Mr. Xenophilius Lovegood is currently under Order control for his crimes against Mr. Harry Potter. 3. At 0751 hours , L. Lovegood noted that her captors appeared scared. When I1 expressed surprise, L. Lovegood affirmed her prior statement. She reiterated her concern about the Wrackspurts - I1 tapped his head again with the siphon (FYI: further inspection revealed that the siphon was constructed from a highly dangerous thestral hoof; it was confiscated immediately and sent into lockdown) - before revealing that Mr. Draco Malfoy was shouting something indiscernible. When asked if she could elaborate, L. Lovegood insisted that I1 ask Ms. Hermione Granger. 4. CURRENT STATUS : L. Lovegood is medically stable and is scheduled for release from the infirmary at 1000 hours. 5. PLANS : L. Lovegood has expressed interest in visiting her father. We recommend that she be granted this request. END MESSAGE . TOP SECRET File No. 01; 20.12.1997 SUBJECT: Interview with Kingsley Shacklebolt, Auror aged 41. Location: East London. TEXT: 1. At 0802 hours , Interviewer 1 ("I1") meets Auror Kingsley Shacklebolt ("K. Shacklebolt") in a debriefing room located in East London. This marked the first official interview of Project Phoenix. I1 began the interview by asking K. Shacklebolt to give his opinion on the current state of the war. K. Shacklebolt responded, "I fear that, in the absence of a decisive blow, this war will have no end. With the fall of the Ministry and the rampant hunting of Muggleborns and half-bloods, chaos brings favor to Voldemort's forces. Just earlier today, I received word of a massacre in downtown London - two Muggles and their Muggleborn daughter were killed in their own home." 2. Between 0810 and 0820 hours , both remained quiet. At 0821 hours, I1 asked whether K. Shacklebolt was implying that they were doomed. K. Shacklebolt emphasized Mr. Harry Potter's importance. FYI: Mr. Harry Potter has become the face of our movement. From birth, he has symbolised hope and courage and is believed to be integral to our movement's survival. Currently, Mr. Harry Potter's whereabouts are unknown, but he is thought to be following the late Albus Dumbledore's instructions. 3. At 0825 hours , K. Shacklebolt mentioned the presence of Voldemort's spies as one of his main concerns. K. Shacklebolt then requested further information on Project Phoenix. I1, as directed, did not disclose any detail, and the interview was concluded. 4. CURRENT STATUS : K. Shacklebolt remains a valued Auror. He is medically stable. 5. PLANS : K. Shacklebolt will remain active in the field and may be called upon again under the authority of Project Phoenix. END MESSAGE. EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW WITH HARRY POTTER, AGED 19, AND RONALD WEASLEY, AGED 19: "THAT BLOKE AND HIS FAMILY WERE AND ALWAYS WILL BE HORRIBLE PEOPLE." By E.M. STRIKER / January 2, 2001 UNEDITED VERSION I sat with Mr. Harry Potter and Mr. Ronald Weasley on a foggy afternoon in the Burrow. Upon entering the famed home, newly restored after the events of the Second Wizarding War, I couldn't help but marvel at the quirky interior - yes, the Weasley family does possess at least 51 hand-painted china plates displayed on their walls (I counted) and, yes, they are all delightfully charming. Mr. Potter kindly offered me some toast, exhibiting some of his famed lovability, and Mr. Weasley asked me if I was the journalist who had uncovered "that odd business with the Barnes bloke." "Barnes bloke?" I made sure to ask. The December 21st, 2000 release of three classified interviews (one with Ms. Hermione Granger, one with Ms. Luna Lovegood, and one with Auror Kingsley Shacklebolt) stirred a frenzy in the wizarding media, with hundreds taking to the streets to demand the release of the remaining files. The Ministry - and the people mentioned in the files - remained quiet. These interviews, however, never mentioned anything about a "Barnes bloke." As the first journalist to secure an interview with wizarding heroes Mr. Potter and Mr. Weasley (Ms. Granger declined to comment), I will make sure to extract as much information as possible. Mr. Weasley turned a charming shade of red. "Oh. Um, I thought you knew about that." Mr. Potter jabbed his friend with his elbow, and they engaged in a brief scuffle. "What Ron means to say," Mr. Potter said after a brief pause, adjusting his glasses, "is that we're not entirely sure what we're allowed to tell you. Unfortunately, I think we can only talk about the things you've already released." "Of course," I made sure to say. "But, now that you have already mentioned this Barnes fellow, please do elaborate." Mr. Potter and Mr. Weasley looked at each other again. "He's some secretive fellow who interviewed me and Harry a few years ago. I don't really know why there's such a huge fuss about him - er, no offense," Mr. Weasley said, looking at me with admirable concern. "That's quite alright," I said. "Is it safe to presume that Barnes is Interviewer 1?" "Yes," Mr. Weasley said slowly. "And what did Barnes want to know?" "Stupid stuff, really. He interviewed us right after we got back from Gringotts - you know, when we recovered the Horcrux from the Lestrange's vault - and we were all a bit distracted, to be honest. Hermione was oddly quiet and, well, we were all tired." "Yes, let's talk about Ms. Granger. Do you know what Ms. Lovegood meant when she told Barnes to ask Ms. Granger about Mr. Malfoy?" Mr. Weasley frowned. "I don't know why everyone's making up some illicit romance between Hermione and Malfoy," he said, sounding quite cross. "Look, I'll tell you what happened. We got up to the main floor after several hours - Hermione was long quiet, by then, and we were terrified she might be dead already - and saw Draco lying in a pool of blood. He - he wasn't moving, and I saw Mrs. Malfoy crying beside him. Dobby - the house elf - cast a diversion and we were able to escape. End of story." I turned to Mr. Potter, who had remained suspiciously quiet. "Do you agree with this interpretation, Mr. Potter?" Mr. Potter hesitated before saying, "Look, I don't mean to be