Push it The Green Dragon waslit up so bright an orange glow danced across the purple face of the Hill. Noise poured out in a great gush of excitement as the working class hobbits sewed mischief into the night. The clamor was furious. Each had been well into their mugs since sundown. Spontaneous dancing, wild laughter and more than one set of hurt feelings were drowned in grog. There was no occasion; there didn't need to be. A hard life spent coaxing food from the jealous ground needed no excuse to go wild. The hobbits drank and swore and acted a third of their ages well away from the scornful eyes of women who needed no such release. The males affirmed their virtue with sweat and the hurts of their bodies – hurts that would fester with age until each was laid low. This night they warred against that inevitability by driving back the dark with merriment. A half pint of grog, a fat wedge of mince pie, a mate to share badly realized stories with; life was complete. Frodo walked through the gathering in his shirtsleeves, feeling the pulse of his land. Every tenant and farmer in Bywater and Hobbiton were there to wish him a happy homecoming and welcome him back into the fold. They had decided to like him. Frodo decided to be gracious; his place here in the loud, simple, well intentioned heart of the Shire. He reveled in his maleness and stuffed himself with food, affirming that indeed he was a hobbit, and that he was hungry for life. All present were well concerned about food. Rose's duty was to provide it. She lost count of how many faces were present, but she knew to the penny how much was owed and how much of it was hers. The noise was caustic, but she heard her name well enough. The rowdy crowd would shout it until she closed the Green Dragon down. That was her job; breaking up the party. Considering the amount of trouble they all made, Rose considered it justice. Tonight she had some extra help from a few young lads from down by the mill. They were dull and slow as the mill folk were, but earnest as well. Now and then she bit a coin to make they weren't duped, and barked at those who tarried at the kegs. They jumped when she willed it. That was all she had time to care about. The owner of the Green Dragon, Little Shanks, had begged off earlier in the day. One of his imaginary illnesses was troubling him, and Rose wasn't surprised. He'd long since stopped enjoying the revels, but not the coins they brought in. She kept her sharp ears tuned to the overflow of gossip, fished out morsels the village wives would value. She swatted pinches at her bum, smacked groping hands judiciously. Rose knew the wife and lover of every soul present, and knew precisely what they would not like to hear. Samwise turned up an hour past sundown. Rose smiled at him as he elbowed his large body into the tight room: he was his own hobbit now. Word had spread quickly that the old Gaffer had given his son the Tools. Sam wore his new status proudly; he'd earned his place. Rose thought he looked fine just then – finer that she'd ever known him. He smiled and flipped her a wink. She knew where he was off to. Rose faded back into the thrum where she continued to watch Sam as he weaved through the crowd. He soon found Frodo and welcomed him with a hug. The big hobbit slapped his lover's slender back, but there was more: all one need do was open their eyes. Rose felt the spark. The quiet part of her sighed: there was love right here under everyone's nose and the rest were all too selfish to see it. Good for those two, she thought. At least they had each other. Frodo had given up his swag and finery, spoke his mind and listened closely. He made a great show of fussing about with the lads. Rose thought that was good. He deserved to fool about. That one carried too much inside. Now, it was if he'd finally fixed his whole heart on taking up his uncle's role, and was determined to make it his own. Sam was happy as a duckling in a rain barrel. He was laughing and easy as he shifted from welcome to welcome: blessings all around. People agreed with him, wanted their own sons to follow his example. Big, honest, plain said and worthy; Sam's life was set . Not so for Rose. She'd always been a bit of a one off compared to her brothers who were always thick with mates and friends. Their interests were broad, but centered squarely within the realm of the known and probable: they were born humble and would die with dirt between their toes. Rose had always wanted more. Then there were her other problems. Until she was married or bore a child, she was fixed as a maiden. She could grow old as the Mother Herself and she would never be more than a burden, a non-starter. Someone else would make her decisions; someone else would be pressed with supporting her. She'd fought against this role since she'd learned to walk. She had no more interest in taking a husband than Frodo Baggins did in taking a wife. Her relationship with her own gender was more than friendly. Ever since Rose understood what sex was, she' only had eyes for women. There was no arguing with it; she'd tried. This was her lot; she accepted this. The rest of the village never would. She'd accepted that as well. But oh, to see what she did. Frodo and Sam made their choice and kept it discreet. Few in the villages could summon the heart to believe they were anything more than devoted to each other in the most familiar way. The villagers were like that: what they refused to see could not annoy them, nor could they judge. No one showed the same grace for Rose. Whenever possible, someone prodded her to grow up, move on, go forward with what was surely the life the great Mother intended for her. It seemed that her business was open to anyone who had an opinion. She hated this worst of all. The suspicion, the jibes, the little threats couched in concern; all of these she could stomach if she tried. The insistence that her desires were childish cut her deeply. She still lived under her parent's roof. While not unusual for her age, this was perceived as evidence of her lack of maturity. At a time in her life when other girls were laying out their dowries, Rose refused to. Her mother constantly reminded her of this. Rose shut her out. As her father had determined long ago, there was no reasoning with the woman. Rose had his sympathy in this, but nothing more. He expected her to do her duty and get on with it, which she was in her own way, but this wasn't good enough: it would never be good enough. She sneaked a glance at Frodo as he shared his mug with Sam. They were happy, accepted, and together. If the village could find a blind spot for those two, perhaps they might find one for her? As Frodo and Sam's star rose, perhaps she might find shelter in their light? She hoped so. 8888888888888888888 Frodo measured the distance between himself and the tree. The sun was almost directly overhead. He had no shadow to judge the straightness of angle, so he guessed. Frodo stepped two paces off the road and began to dig a hole. The Prince of Oaks, as the tree was known, marked the end of Bywater – or the beginning, depending on approach. The grand old tree sat next to the Great East Road where it served as a border for longer than living memory. No one had ever bothered to commit such a thing to paper; officially, such a border did not exist. Legends served to mark the beginning and end of things. When legends faded, others took their place. The Prince of Oaks was how most knew they were leaving or entering Bywater. For those that didn't know, it was just nice big a tree alongside the Great East Road. Today he aimed to change that. &&&&&&&&&&&&& The day was warm and Rose was sweating. She'd slept at the inn on a pallet on the cold floor of the storeroom because all the rooms were let. She'd been too tired to walk back to her family's farm, and so she and the cellar cat had enjoyed a quiet night. She'd spent the morning sorting through stacks of paperwork. Her mind was reeling and she had a slight headache. Frodo trusted her to keep track of the leaf share business while he was away. The business was thriving, but Rose kept up. She had no choice; it was either that or collapse in frustration. This was the first time she'd put it all together. She prayed she'd got the important parts right for she had no idea what she was doing. No one did: no one had ever sold 'shares' of anything as far as she knew. There was no preface to help sort out what Frodo wanted, so she had to imagine one. The work was slow going and brutal on her nerves. After many false starts she decided to go with what she knew – how to track and shift money. Dealing with merchants was obvious. They dealt in tangible goods. Each merchant sold from a specific category dependent on season. Some were reliable, some were not but all eventually delivered. That was the basis of their reputation – the quality of their product. Frodo had no product; just little bits of paper that were promises for something that did not yet exist. These shares of leaf were based on speculation – something villagers stayed well clear of. There was nothing to hold in their hands and judge. If the weather turned foul or pests thrived, there might never be. The common folk had no notion of intangibles. Their lives did not allow for such. The same was true for Rose, but she wasn't afraid to imagine the concept: she just needed a place to start. She worried about finding buyers for such a dodgy abstraction; she was wrong. Akron Hornblower's reputation as a leaf farmer was impeccable and his product was legend. Master Hornblower had helped the whole idea along by gaining the backing of the mighty Southfarthing leaf council. Orders for shares followed soon after. Merchants liked the idea, and liked the ease of trades. Notes moved farther and easier than large barrels of leaf. All one need do was find someone to buy them. It was here that Frodo's heritage finally managed to do him a service; everyone knew of his uncle Bilbo's mad adventures with dwarves in the Misty Mountain and in the green kingdom of the Elves. Fabulous parcels and letters bearing strange writing flowed into Bag End where Frodo read every word of that silvery script. He was also acquainted with a powerful wizard friendly to the Shire who was known to enjoy a pipe or two. Where there was one, there were bound to be others, so the saying went. Suddenly Frodo didn't seem quite so odd. Rose had done her best to spread the legend while standing fast on Akron's reputation. The results fairly frightened her. There was a panic to buy up Frodo's shares. If this worked, and she thought it would, a tiny wish kept deep in her heart might come true: she'd be able to live independently and exactly as she pleased. &&&&&&&&&&&&&&&& Rose found Frodo by the Prince