AN : Okay, sooo... this will be quite the long journey! The REAL story will begin AFTER The Cursed Child. However, a lot happens between the end of the war and then, and so each chapter will cover a year of Harry's life, plus his friends and family. Sometimes, Harry himself won't even be the main focus of the chapter, as the Weasleys, Neville, Luna, Hermione and others also have their own lives. There'll be LGBT plots on this story. There'll be character death. There'll be divorces. I love all the characters and I want to explore their personal growth, but sometimes they'll be in a bad moment in their lives and they'll lash out. That doesn't mean they'll always be like that - it just means they have stuff to figure out. No bashing, promise. As for ships: Harry/Hermione, Draco/Ginny, Ron/Luna. They'll only happen waaayyy later in the story, though. Until we reach 2020, everything is as canon as possible. So buckle up! CHAPTER ONE – 1998 Harry James Potter sighed as he looked up to the stars in the sky. It was a very warm night and, after spending the last two weeks chasing a group of Death Eaters, Harry was simply exhausted. He checked his watch and realised it was late. With a 'pop', he Apparated to his godfather's family's house, Grimmauld Place. Kreacher, the house-elf who served the Black family, appeared immediately and, before Harry could open his mouth, a plate with food was on the table for him. "Master, had I known you'd be arriving tonight, I'd have prepared something special." He said in a tone that showed he disapproved of Harry's inability to warn him of his arrival. "Sorry, Kreacher. I'm not hungry. I'll see you in the morning." The house-elf seemed even more offended at that, but he quietly left the room without another glance at his master. With another sigh, Harry slowly made his way to his bedroom. There were multiple letters on his bed, all unopened and waiting for him. He grabbed them and checked them without much interest. "Event, special event, another event. Don't these people realise I don't have enough time or interest to attend to their stupid balls?" He grunted to himself. Harry was about to throw the letters away when one caught his attention. "Ginny…" He whispered before opening the letter. " Dear Harry, I know you're on a very important mission with Ron and I don't expect you to receive this letter anytime soon. To be honest, I don't even know why I'm writing this. Things here at home have been awfully quiet. I guess I just wanted to tell you that I miss you, and I hope you're safe. Please let me know when you get back? Love, Ginny " Harry shook his head. He had missed Ginny very much while he was away, and yet he couldn't reach out to her. For some unknown reason, he didn't feel comfortable writing back to her. He shrugged, figuring that Ron would be arriving at the Burrow any moment now – if he hadn't already – and Ginny would be reassured by her brother that Harry was fine. He went through the other letters quickly, wondering why he couldn't set them aside and finally get some sleep. The truth was that Harry had been sleeping very little ever since… No point in thinking about that , he told himself, as he found an envelope from Hogwarts. He opened it, knowing that McGonagall, now the Headmistress, would want to at least offer him the option of going back for his final year. Harry was touched. McGonagall had always been strict, yes, but he knew how much she cared about him. The fact that, after everything he had been through in the past year, there was still a place for him at Hogwarts was something that truly moved him. However, he couldn't imagine himself going to classes again. As if nothing had happened. As if nothing had changed. A lot had happened. Everything had changed. Hogwarts was no longer a safe haven for Harry. Remus and Tonks had died there. Fred had died there. Colin had died there. I died there . "Harry." Ron called him. Harry, who still felt too exhausted to do much, simply stopped walking and waited for his best friend to catch up with him. "Ginny asked me to ask you if you got her letter." "Oh." Harry's mind went blank for a second. How could he explain to Ron that he felt too overwhelmed to talk to his little sister? "I'm not sure. There were many letters in my bedroom when I arrived last night, but I was too tired to read them. Tell her I'll see her this weekend for her birthday party?" He quickly replied, hoping Ron wouldn't see through his lie. "Can't you just write a letter to her and let her know about it?" Ron muttered, obviously annoyed. Harry couldn't blame his friend. They had been working too hard with very little sleep, which meant that they were always tired and cranky. It didn't help that they hadn't heard from Hermione in over a month. "Sure, mate. I'll do that." Harry said, wishing the conversation would be over then. He was relieved when Ron seemed to accept that. They sat down at the same table and sighed together. "I don't mind the long missions and the danger and all. But writing reports on them? That's a whole new level of torture." "I'm with you on that one." Ron replied, opening the Daily Prophet instead of starting his work. He whistled as he read the front page. "The Malfoys finally got a date for their trial. Now that should be interesting." "Hey, you two, you're back!" Neville exclaimed as he joined them. "How was everything?" "We're alive." Ron grunted, still reading the paper. Neville sent Harry a concerned look, who just shrugged. "I guess we're still pretty tired. We got home pretty late yesterday." Harry added, hoping that Neville wouldn't push Ron. Again. "Right. You do seem like you could use some sleep." Neville slowly said to them, still looking concerned. "How are you feeling, Ron?" He asked. Harry shook his head. "What is that supposed to mean, Longbottom?" Ron spat, his ears as red as they could be. "So I'm tired. How does that concern you? If you're so worried, why don't you ask for your girlfriend about something that'll make me sleep? Loony should have all the right answers, right?" "Don't talk about Luna like that." Neville calmly replied. Harry had to give him some credit for never losing his temper whenever Ron had one of his moments. "She's your friend and she cares about you – just as much as I do." "Well, don't waste your time. I'm fine." Ron stood up and walked out of the room. Neville looked miserable. "Harry, we should really talk to him. I don't think he's done mourning Fred yet, he shouldn't be here, he should be with his family." He said after a few seconds. Harry shrugged, unwilling to think of the Weasleys at the moment. "Just leave him alone, Neville. He needs some time, that's all." Harry, Neville and Luna went to the Burrow together for Ginny's party. While Harry had to admit he wasn't feeling festive at all, he was glad that Luna was with them. If there was one person who could keep a conversation going, with or without another person, it was definitely Luna. "And then I told Dad that a Blibbering Humdinger would never be in our backyard, as they prefer a very specific type of weather." She told them. Neville was holding her hand and nodding, listening to every word she said. Harry, however, couldn't focus on his friends. "Ah, here we are. Don't worry, Harry, I'm sure everything will turn out just fine." Luna happily said before knocking on the door. Harry shot her a surprised look, but she didn't seem to notice it. "Harry, dear!" Mrs. Weasley cried when she opened the door. She quickly hugged him, then let him go and hugged Neville and Luna at the same time. "And you two as well! I'm so glad you could come." Harry took one good look at her face and realised he wasn't the only one not getting enough sleep. They entered the Burrow and Mrs. Weasley took them to the kitchen. Harry felt nervous and it only got worse when he met Ginny. She looked gorgeous and pleasantly surprised to see him and her friends. With a big smile, she gave Luna a long hug. Once the girls had let each other go, it was Neville's turn. And then Harry's. "Happy birthday, Gin." He awkwardly muttered as he held her. He let her go and stepped back, feeling all eyes on him. Ginny smiled at him, touched his arm and chuckled. "I'm glad you came, Harry. Now don't be all tense. It's supposed to be a party." She laughed and, just like that, Harry felt lighter. How silly he had been, worrying about being around Ginny. She was an expert in making everything seem simple and he was very thankful for that. They all sat at the table and started talking and eating. Harry didn't feel like talking, so he ate as he listened to Bill and Fleur discuss their plans for the future. Fleur wanted some time away from the UK and was trying to convince Bill that they should spend some time in France with her family. Harry thought that kind of discussion in front of Mrs. Weasley was rather dangerous, but Molly barely seemed to register the conversation. "Anyway, George! How's the shop?" Charlie asked after an awkward silence between Fleur and Bill. The question caught his attention, as he hadn't even noticed that George was there in the first place. He looked around and found the lone twin sitting quietly in a corner of the living room, away from the others. "I haven't reopened it yet." George finally muttered, probably once he realised everybody was waiting for his answer. "And no, I don't know when I'll do it. Was there anything else?" Harry was taken aback. He hadn't been at the Burrow recently, and he certainly hadn't expected George to bounce back from Fred's death so soon, but he had never seen him act so bitterly. "Right. Sorry, mate. Just asking." Charlie said, before quickly turning to Neville and Luna. "So you two, huh? You seem pretty happy together." He forced a smile, clearly hoping they'd save him from the awkward moment. Thankfully, Luna didn't need to be asked twice. "Oh, yes, despite all the darkness and sadness from the war, we've managed to find some happiness in each other." Luna replied in her dreamy voice. "And he gives me ice cream. That makes me happy too." She added, making most of them laugh. "There's nothing like ice cream to get the girls." Bill chimed in, with a tiny wink at Fleur. She rolled her eyes, but smiled. Harry was glad to see they seemed to be putting their discussion behind them, at least for the moment. "Oh, that must be Percy." Mr. Weasley said as they heard a knock on the door. "I'll get that, don't worry." He told Mrs. Weasley, making sure she stayed on her seat. "I wish Percy would stop being so formal. We have forgiven already, he could just come in." Charlie muttered. Bill shrugged. "I know, I know. ' Give him time ' and all." "Hello." Harry turned his head so fast that his neck made a rather alarming noise. He ignored it. Hermione was standing there, after being gone for over a month. There was another awkward silence where the Weasleys kept looking at Hermione, at Ron and at Harry. However, the Golden Trio was frozen, unable to say anything. "Hermione! I'm so glad you're back!" Ginny finally exclaimed. She stood