Hiiii. I warn you this is probably full of historical inaccuracies. Google only helps so much, so I apologize in advance. Otherwise, I hope you'll enjoy and review. This took me a long time to finish (there will be maybe five chapters, because it ended up being a pretty long one-shot). And yes I did consult The Twilight Saga: The Official Illustrated Guid e while writing this story. :) The History of Alice .:November 1919:. Mother braids my hair in the morning, pinning it with her gentle fingers and tying it with worn cotton bows. She dresses me up in a cute white dress and stockings that itch at the seams. The neighbors are always kind to me, and one even hands me small little candies every day. So when we go into town, Mother and I, I don't understand the way people look at me. They look so angry with faces twisted into such dark expressions. Sometimes the children there hide behind their mother's skirts or point and stare and call me insulting names. I don't understand. Why are they afraid of me? Why do they hate me? Have I done something wrong? It all changed so rapidly and even now, years later, I wonder why it mattered at all. All I ever tried to do was help people. My entire life revolved around other people's problems and I tried – oh I tried! – to save them. Maybe if I didn't, I would not be where I am right now, sprinting in the chilling darkness, with no coat, no shoes. It is in vain that my feet keep moving, till my lungs burn when I exhale and my legs ache with exhaustion and my pounding heart beats twice for every step I take, which is too fast. I hurt, but I don't stop running. The vision came too late. If it hadn't, perhaps I could make it in time. Maybe I could have the chance to save her. But I know I don't, and I feel at fault, though rationally it has nothing to do with me – or maybe it does. I have no clue anymore. All I know for certain is that I am too late to stop the event from happening; too late to warn anyone about it; too late to realize what this might mean for my future. I am simply too late. Yet, I run as if the nightmare is only just beginning. .:January 1919:. "Happy birthday!" Mother sings this while entering the room with a beautiful Lady Baltimore cake in her hands - the grandest, most delicious dessert I have ever had the pleasure of tasting. She sets it on the table in front of me as a chorus of 'Happy Birthday' rises from around the dining table. The room is warm from the heat of the over-used stove and smells of butter, sugar, and the sweet, fruity odor familiar to me - Mother's Citrus Orchard; our backyard. The swirled frosting, rim of crushed walnuts training the edges, and dab of whipped cream in the center of eighteen glowing candles certainly adds to the beauty of the cake - and my craving for it. No wonder Mother spent nearly the entire day in the kitchen; working by herself - as she insisted upon - she must have jumped through hoops to round up the ingredients for this cake, let alone to bake it and decorate it on her own. I feel a rush of admiration and am grateful that she went through that burden simply because it is my birthday today, even if she did not have to. But of course she would. Mother loves to indulge me and Cynthia in "unnecessary luxuries" - words Father would use - because we are her daughters, the most precious people in her world. Though I will say that added with the pristinely decorated house, Mother went overboard, as usual. I smile, knowing that I sometimes complain to her about it, but deep down admire her constant enthusiasm for life. I only wish I can be as surprised about this gift as she means for me to be. But I knew about it the moment she decided. The singing is finished. Cynthia hops up and down in her seat, which rocks back and forth due to the chip in one of its legs; Mother would normally chastise her about proper behavior for a young lady and lecture about pristine patience. I somehow know my seven year-old sister is waiting for this also, but Mother does not seem to notice, or care. All attention is on me; or rather, the Lady Baltimore cake. I close my eyes and make my birthday wish; I've had it planned since yesterday, and have been anxious to cast it. When my eyes open, I blow out the candles and everyone claps. The cake tastes even better than I imagined it would. Mother is delighted by this and insists everyone have a second slice; there are no protests. I don't know what amazes me more: Mother's elaborate preparations for today, or Aunt Louisa stealing the recipe for the cake and claiming it as her own in a month's time. She'll get away with it, too; Mother won't care, and I don't dare mention anything for fear they will inquire as to how I know. Knowing things I should not be aware of is unacceptable. Even if it is natural for me, I will certainly get in trouble if I ever speak to anyone about the things I see; the pictures in my head; the visions. I try not to think about them when they come; instead, I look around the room at the people I am most thankful to have in my life, here on my birthday (some only here in spirit), and I think for all the hidden troubles I have in my life at least I have people who care about me. There are my friends: Lottie, Edmund, and Mary Beth, who has been my friend the longest. Luther Hayes came late, but he is here; red-cheeked and excited, I invited him yesterday morning, even if I was not supposed to know about the little celebration until the next day. Virginia Robinson and Lucy White appeared unexpected, but as charming as ever, if only to edge their way into my family's home. By the fluttering eyelashes sweeping in Luther Hayes' direction, it may be safe to assume the reason for their sudden friendliness toward me. A postcard arrived two days ago from Uncle John. He lives up North, and doesn't always get along well with Mother ever since his choice to move, abandoning their father's business in the process. My grandfather's business, as I recall, took a turn for the worst when Uncle John left, and is often the explanation given about my grandfather's suicide… The subject is taboo, but the reality of it has left a rift between Mother and her brother, and had left my grandma alone. Luckily Grandma was a strong woman. I loved her - still do, even though she's passed on. I remember knowing about it before I was told. I cried and cried all through the night. When morning came, Mother and Father discovered the news and I cried some more. It had been heartbreaking. In any case, Uncle John does not visit often. But I do appreciate my other family members who came. Aunt Louisa, Stella, Scarlett and Ruth, and the dog Stella spoils, who I count as another cousin because he is too adorable not to add. Phillip is here, too, even if he has to take hours off work. I like Phillip. Out of all my cousins he is the one who acknowledged me pleasantly in public back when the stories began to spread about me and my visions. He said once that he sees me as another little sister. He spent weeks saving up for his gift to me. I am happy that I ended up genuinely surprised by it, that nothing was unintentionally given away by my premonitions. I do not choose what I see, or what I do not, so I'm glad that, for whatever reason, I missed this particular present: an expensive, solid gold locket, molded into the shape of a heart. It is beautiful, and I hug Phillip with all the strength I can muster until he complains he can't breathe, but he laughs. I don't guess any of the other presents I get today, either. I try not to, yes, but at the same time I don't see much ahead of time these days. When I was younger, as early as four years – maybe even earlier, though I can't remember – my premonitions came frequently. It wasn't until much later that I started to reign them in, control them. And it wasn't until just recently that I decided to ignore them as best as I am capable. It isn't very easy sometimes, but I am determined to never make it obvious that I know something I should not have the power to know. The party continues fabulously, with loud stories and humorous banter followed by raucous laughter, and Luther Hayes' thighs pressed against mine as we sit side-by-side on the sofa. By the time the last person leaves and I am helping Mother and Cynthia clean up, I am brimming with so much warmth and happiness that I can barely contain it. I sing and skip as I sweep, while Cynthia giggles in the background and Mother smiles fondly. It doesn't even upset me anymore that Father could not make it home in time for my birthday. My father is a jeweler and a pearl trader. He buys the pearls from local divers and then moves the pearls inland to be sold in more profitable markets away from the coast. His job keeps him away from the family for days at a time, and this year he happened to miss my birthday. He makes up for it when he returns two days later by bringing me home a pearl bracelet. It glitters in the sunlight as he places it on my wrist. He kisses my cheek and wishes me, "Happy 18th Birthday, sweetie." And when Luther Hayes' stops me in the market the next day and tells me he had a nice time at my party and hopes he'll see me around more, I think this is the year – this is the year my life becomes something greater. OoOoOoO I have never been popular. With my past problems regarding my accurate intuition, ignoring and avoiding Alice Brandon had become a hobby of sorts, when they weren't pointing fingers and whispering rumors. Rumors began affecting my life at five-years-old. Nothing extreme, but enough to thwart any hopes I had of making long-lasting friends, of being invited to parties. I've always been a very social creature, and I didn't like being lonely. So by the age of ten, I began to stay quiet about my premonitions. No one ever seemed comfortable when I shared them, and if they turned out being wrong I felt embarrassed. Now, I think, those times when I had gotten something wrong were the ones that saved me; people could laugh off my accurate predictions as lucky guesses when they realized that, no, I didn't know everything, that I wasn't…psychic or something abnormal or dark. I was just abnormally lucky, was all. I am not lucky. But I pretended to be. Friends still didn't come easy. Mary Beth has been my best friend since we were children. She and her friends are the only people who talk with me for a longer period of time than just a second to say a passing 'hello'. I always felt frustrated by that, but I never stopped smiling in hopes that one day people would see how friendly I was. Aside from a few exceptions, the people in this town were always polite