Title: The Peacock and the Crane Summary: Queen or wife. Prince or husband. War or peace. Let the games begin. Pairing: E/B Rating: M Word count : 8,220 The Republic of Redira, October 1935 Isabella Swan, the newly ascended heir to the Rediran throne, struggled not to tap her fingers impatiently or relax her face just enough for the telltale twitch of her left eye to appear. She idly surveyed the briefing room, or "COBRA", which stood for Conference Briefing Room A. The room was too ornate, she criticized. It resembled a lounge that Louis XIV himself might have ordered. The reds, purples, and golds of the carpet were arranged in patterns that swirled like multi-colored goldfish in a pond beneath her feet. Furniture recycled from previous generations had been polished and preserved to be fit for display, while portraits of past leaders and artwork gifted from other countries adorned the walls, illuminated by twin chandeliers that hung on either side of the room. Rectangles and squares with gold trimming outlined carved helixes in the brilliant ivory of the ceiling, where an octagonal frame of even shinier gold surrounded the skylight in the middle of the room, offering the only glimpse of the outside world. "Your Majesty, what are your thoughts?" Bella blinked, allowing herself this instinctual reaction before pinning her gaze to the Court member, Secretary of Defense Jeffrey Tremaine. "Have we prepared a public statement?" The man's perpetual frown of disapproval deepened at her response. "Not yet, but do you think it would be prudent to adopt such a forceful approach, given neither England nor France have intervened?" She laced her hands together to eliminate the possibility of a tremor. "I understand the debt we owe our so-called birth countries, but we do not always have to follow their paths. Adolf Hitler may be greatly admired for his political accomplishments, but his extreme views leave little to be desired. If we are to take his remarks seriously, then we should prepare to act." The faint taste of nausea briefly returned, and she squeezed her fingers more tightly. Concern translated onto the deep creases of his face, almost making him resemble a basset hound. "With all due respect, your Majesty, I think it is too early to determine whether he poses a credible threat to us or the rest of Europe. We do not want to be involved if there is no need for it." Bella narrowed her eyes slightly. "That is not what I am asking, Secretary. I am asking that we arrange a meeting with the German Chancellor." "You are asking to meet with one of the most powerful leaders in the world, ma'am, and I don't think-" "Perhaps a break for lunch would do us all some good, Secretary," a wary voice interrupts, the Oxford English accent crisp in contrast to the French lilt of the previous voices. William Edward Windsor, her husband and prince of Redira by marriage, directed a challenging stare at Tremaine. The third and youngest son of King George V, he was no stranger to the inner workings of such meetings, but could never quite mold into the paragon of royalty that was demanded of him. Like his older brothers, he had received a prestigious education and served in the military, but rebelled in ways that they did not-criticizing the British government, questioning the influence of religion on legislature, and frequenting unsavory pubs. Marrying a queen, then princess, was considered his greatest accomplishment. Tremaine shot him an annoyed look. "This matter needs to be resolved as quickly as possible. The League of Nations is meeting next month. We need to be prepared to present our stance." Bella stood up, smoothing the invisible wrinkles in her dress. "I have made my position, Secretary. You and the other Court members can reject it, but I will not change my decision." She met her husband's amused gaze across the table. "If you'll excuse me, gentlemen-I have a ball to prepare for and an anniversary to celebrate." "Bravo, darling. That was your strongest performance yet." Bella breathed a sigh as she stepped into her gown, the emerald silk slowly molding to her figure. "I'm afraid it wasn't enough." "Nonsense; they'll bend to your will soon." A sound suspiciously similar to a snort (but of course was not) escaped the young queen. "Is that commentary on our marriage?" Her husband slid on the suit jacket smoothly, brushing off the shoulders. "I wouldn't dare. I like spending time in your bed too much that I can recognize the possibility of being exiled to mine." Bella pursed her rouged lips, stifling the burst of laughter that had shot up to her throat. "Edward," she attempted warningly, using his preferred name. Her reproachful glance slid to the maids scurrying about, readying her evening attire. He rolled his eyes, pulling up suspenders that snapped to his white dress shirt. "I can see why Lillibet looks up to you," he grumbled, dutifully changing the topic. "Do you know she taught those bloody weasel dogs to line up and sit?" A genuinely pleased smile spreads across Bella's powdered face at the mention of her niece from her husband's side. "You know they're called corgis. How is she? Have you heard from your brother lately?" He pursed his lips thoughtfully. "Not in a few weeks. Though I'm sure he's plenty occupied with his two daughters and imminent promotion to King." He sighs sarcastically. "The burden of being the eldest." She didn't miss the barest trace of bitterness in his tone, but decided to address it later when they were alone. "Well, I'm just glad she likes them. Finding a birthday present for my favorite niece was already a challenge, but when she's a British princess, it's downright impossible." "It evens out then-I much prefer her sister, Maggie." "Margaret is five years old, dearest," Bella replied sardonically. "I think you prefer her mentality above all else." "Why not?" Edward asked rhetorically. "Remaining a child would be a blessing, not a curse. And people would consider it charming if you ran around naked, instead of indecent." Two of the maids bit their lips, laughing with their eyes instead. It was well-known and well-documented that Prince Edward had a penchant for blunt, usually inappropriate humor. Politically, this was a disaster, providing further evidence that he was as fit for rulership as his brother, who shared his name and cavorted with an American divorcée. Yet the people of Redira reacted to his countless remarks and display with good humor, such that his public approval was high, even if his only ally in the Rediran Royal Palace was his wife. "You do know what they call you?" Bella asks, mindfully smoothing down the frizzles near her forehead. "They?" "The press. Your adoring public." She met his gaze in the mirror. "They call you Edward the Obscene." She slid on the pristine white gloves before accepting the fur wrap presented for her shoulders. The finishing touches applied, the helpful hands retreated before silently and orderly exiting the bedchamber. "Well, that's not very catchy, is it? And to think-I've given them so much material." Edward stepped behind her and gently brushed his lips on her cheek. "I much prefer your nickname for me." It was debatable whether it was the low timbre of this voice or the warm puffs of his breath that caused a shiver to scatter down her exposed skin. "The Impatient? The Short-Tempered? The Off-Color?" His hand secured itself around her waist and his thumb slid down the glittering black beads sewn into the wispy material of her dress. "God! Yes! Oh, my darling, my love!" His voice mimicked far too accurately her moans when she was under him, resulting in late nights and mornings that seemed far too early. Bella swatted at him and he grabbed her arm, pulling close enough so she felt the vibrations of his deep chuckles. "No one would notice if we were a few minutes late. It's enough time for me to lick that sweet cunt of yours." A blush overtook Bella's skin, but she managed to meet his darkened gaze again in the mirror, willing herself to stay still. "Everyone would notice, dearest," she disagreed. She adjusted the sash that lay between her breasts before shifting the crown on her head, the sapphires even more sparkling against the polished silver. She winked at him, her lips parting to a lascivious smile, a rare display of brashness that rivaled that of her husband's. "Besides, we would miss the party entirely if I allowed you to do so and achieve the pleasure I deserve." The pleasant, even tone that she used with Court regressed to a teasing and daring one, reminiscent of her teenage years, when they first met and honed their banter. He tugged lightly at a pinned brunette curl, causing it to come undone. "Maybe you should consider spending some time on your knees then, wife," he growled, decades of etiquette training and royal rearing sloughing off to reveal a glimpse of the dominant underneath-the kind that no amount of culture could touch. "Queen," Bella corrected. The word had an immediate effect-the previous mischievous smile quickly faded into the solemn, neutral expression she had adopted after her father's death two months ago. Her "sovereign" look, she deemed, ignoring the fact that it was eerily close to her the grieving expression she wore at both of her parent's funerals. Her husband rubbed her shoulder soothingly. Or so she thought. "What a shame," Edward breathed, his grip tightening. "For I am merely a prince in name, not by reputation." Cambridge University, 1927 Bella shifted again, sitting cross-legged on the chair. She balanced the racy novel against her knee under the table while Fundamentals of Mathematics lay open but forgotten on top. Rapt with fascination, Bella devoured the descriptive passage, which detailed the heroine being spanked by a handsome duke. " Well, what have we here?" She jolted upright but froze from taking any further action. The smooth, masculine voice aroused her instincts to run, though curiously, her muscles locked. " Hello?" She asked uncertainly, squinting to identify the profile of a tall stranger with broad shoulders and elbows jutting from his side. Her nerves acted up in spite of her father's advice. "You are always a princess, Bee," he had warned. "Never presume you are not." She sat up and crossed her ankles together, automatically placing her folded hands in her lap. The book snapped shut, hidden between the pages of her textbook. " Can I help you?" The fiery hair of one Edward Windsor appeared in the library corner, lit by a solitary electric lamp. Hands tucked into the pockets of his beige slacks, he leaned against an ancient bookshelf and crossed one leg in front of the other, flexing and stretching his body. The navy sweater molded to his large frame, which was more similar to a rugby player's rather than a royal's, although the way he curled around the shelf reminded Bella of a panther wrapped around the branch of a jungle tree. " Interesting question," he murmured, stepping closer. "One that has no answer, I'm afraid." Bella edged away to the back of her seat. This was the first time she had been alone with a boy so close to her age of eighteen. Even Jean-Phillipe, her intended, was usually surrounded by his parents or other royal officials when they were together. " It's after curfew," the young prince pointed out. "You shouldn't be here." A stab of defiance caused Bella's eye to twitch. "And why not? What's the difference between my being here and your being here?" Bright green eyes narrowed with interest. "If we were here separately, then there is no difference. But you are here with me, which means you run the risk of having your pristine reputation sullied, princess." He emphasized the last word with undisguised ridicule. He's mocking me, Bella realized. "You overestimate your