Title: In-Ur-Endo Summary: Bella's one-liners never seem to work. That is, until she meets what she thinks is a hot nerd in a bar. Looks can be deceiving. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word Count: 5,113 DISCLAIMER: Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephenie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. In-Ur-Endo I was not like everyone else. I didn't get the giggles when drunk, didn't pull silly faces when I was nervous. No, that's not what I did at all. My little drunk habit was so much worse. I knew how bad it was, how disgusting, but when I was drunk, I just didn't fucking care. Drunk me liked to go up to random men and try to pick them up, using the filthiest pick-up lines I could come up with. It was bad poetry in motion. It was kind of how I imagined Amy Schumer or Sarah Silverman on an off day. What was worse, I knew I wasn't even smooth about it. At all. "Hey, baby, are you feeling homicidal? 'Cause you look like you could MURDER my pussy!" Cue awkward silence and looks of abject horror. I was in fine form tonight. Stumbling a few steps towards the bar, I spotted what my tequila goggles said was an absolute fucking eleven and leaned in close… "Mmm, I think I figured out why they call it a beaver …" The eleven curled his lip. "Excuse me?" " … 'cause I'm dying for some wood!" I wiggled my eyebrows and even threw in a saucy wink. When the guy, who was now clearly a two, started moving away, I just zoomed in on her next target. And the next. An hour went by like this… "Those pants are so becoming on you … if I were on you I'd be coming too!" "Pussy got your tongue? Do you want mineto?" "You know, "Me so horny" is my theme song, and, baby, you've got me hitting repeat." "Are you a hamburger? Why do I ask? 'Cause you could be the meat between my buns." "You know I was raised on a chicken farm, and, honey, I sure know how to raise a cock!" Feeling slightly discouraged by the lack of takers, I decided to move my mojo over to the set of booths lining the back wall. Maybe I could hook myself a wallflower and fuck some of this rejection out of my system. That's when I saw him . He was nervously eyeing up the dance floor, his hand running through his hair as he watched the free amateur pornography going down in front of him. And what hair it was. Slightly red and just long enough that I could imagine being able to get a good handful of it while he screwed my brains out. He had on black-rimmed glasses and a gray hoodie. And crocs. Motherfucking crocs in a nightclub. Jesus, this might work in my favor. I'd always had a wet spot for a hot nerd, and this guy fit the bill. I watched him smile bashfully at a few women and couldn't believe my luck when they all kept their distance. Obviously, they were fucking stupid. And I was going to be the lucky bitch that reaped the benefits. I pondered what line to use. Should I go suggestive and try to ease him into it, (hah) or should I just let my freak flag fly fully and hope he was so overcome with lust he'd try to mount me in the booth. Please, God, let it be the latter. I willed him to look my way, and when he finally did and caught me eyeing him like the fucking diamond in the rough he was, my hot geek swallowed hard. Oh, swallowing hard … Shaking my head to get back in the game, I slowly sauntered over to him. I unabashedly adjusted my tits in my cleavage barring top and couldn't help but giggle when his eyes widened comically. As I got closer, his eyes started to bounce from my chest to my eyes and then around, as if making sure it really was him I was stalking. Oh yes, sweetheart, mamma is coming for you. Hopefully in the literal sense. "Um …" Oh how sweet, he thought he was chatting me up. "Hey hot stuff, how about I pretend to be your washing machine…" Green, green eyes blinked rapidly as he stammered, "Umm, sure, umm, I mean, why?" Like candy from a fuck-hot baby. "Because then you could empty your load inside me!" I popped my hip out, running a finger along the edges of the table. "Huh … I … fuck … I mean, okay. I mean, yes, fuck yes." Hot nerd, say what? "So that actually works for you?" I wasn't quite sure how to handle a positive response to my usual brand of vulgarity. "I'm positive I could do…that…to you." Long fingers ran through hair that was redder up close, kissable lips hastily licked by a tongue I wanted to get biblical with. "I'm sure you could…" "Edward. Call me Edward." "I'd rather scream it." "Oh my fuck…" "Bella…'oh my fuck, Bella,' is the correct answer." Not wanting to push my luck any further, I pulled my hot nerd from his corner booth and toward the door. I really had to jump on this opportunity (and him, God, yes, him) before the shock wore off and he realized exactly what he was in for. He was in for me. In me. On me. Over me. Behind me, etcetera. I was about to put it on his ass like he'd never had it put on him before. Because from the looks of my sexy mo-fo nerd, he'd probably only ever gotten his dick wet in the missionary position and probably by some chick who didn't even know how her vagina worked. I was the master of my vag. I was a master-vager (heh). Edward was going to get it so good. As I was leading Edward to his death by orgasm, I pulled up my account and booked my favorite Uber. I simply sent, "I'm gonna take a ride on his DISCO STICK!" Alice was there in five minutes. Bitch knew not to twat-block me. "Someone finally took you up on your offer to blow them like a birthday candle?" Oh natch, I was so using that one later. "Edward, meet Alice. Alice, see this face? I'm going to be riding it soon." Cue strangled groan from Edward. "Nice to meet you, Bella-Fucker." Edward's eyebrows arched. I kind of wanted to lick them but decided Alice might not want us to start the pokey-pokey in her car. "You're awfully quiet there, Eddie. Not sure that's a good sign, Bellinni!" Alice sing-songed. I was about to verbally cut a bitch when my secret freak decided to speak. "I assure you, Alice, neither of us will be quiet later." "Resting your tongue for later?" "Yes." I couldn't help it. My va-jay-jay and I were so happy we did a dance. Edward just smiled bashfully at us both. Well, I'm guessing it was both since my "who's your momma" was covered for the moment. We finally pulled up to my small and very humble abode, and I all but dragged poor Edward out of Alice's car. "Have fun in pound town! Edward, do my girl right!" Aww, that was so sweet. "Goodnight, Alice, it was nice meeting you and I will do my utmost to ensure Bella is done right." "Save the dirty talk for later, Eds. Bye, bitch!" As soon as I got Edward inside (wink wink), I pushed him against my door and ran my fingers along his jaw. He had such a lickable jaw. So, naturally, I licked the fucker. "Mmm, tasty. You taste this good everywhere, handsome?" I asked coyly, enjoying the wide-eyed look Edward gave me in return. "How about we start with your mouth, hmm?" I gave his bottom lip a little lick before leaning in to press my lips against his. As soon as our mouths touched, it was like a switch was flipped. Suddenly, I was the one against the door, and Edward was in control. He kissed me hard. He kissed me like a man possessed. He kissed me, oh so fucking good. Then came the tongue. Sonnets should be written about his tongue. And so far, it'd only been in my mouth. I couldn't wait for him to show me how he worked it a little lower. I let out a porn-star-worthy moan and latched my fingers into his hair. He grunted as I gave it a little pull, his body arching into mine. Well, hello there, my hopefully not so little friend. I pulled back a little harder on his hair, unlatching his oh so talented mouth from mine, and what do you know, the smooth fucker just slid it right down my neck. I was beginning to wonder if I had a case of nerd in the streets, freak nasty in the sheets. Dear God and all the disciples, please let this be true. Momma needs it bad. "Mmm, Edward … keep going," I panted, doing my best impression of rutting up against him like a bitch in heat. Motherfucker! Where had he been all my non-virgin life? "Bella, I should probably warn you about something." Edward's voice was muffled as he used his teeth to drag my shirt farther south, his tongue making so fucking nice with my cleavage. I bucked against him, and my hot little not-so-wallflower/sex god quickly got the hint, grasping my leg so I could wrap it around his hip. And goddamn what an angle, good for a little old-fashioned dry humping. Or not so dry on my end. Edward was like a motherfucking pussy whisperer, and I was already ruining my "get lucky" panties. "Honey, if you keep using that, um, fuck yeah, talented tongue of yours … mmm yeah, bite it … you could be a serial killer for all I ca … oh fuckity fuck!" My eyes rolled back as he used his free hand to yank down the cup of my bra, his lips and tongue twirling around a very happy nipple. He took direction well and bit down a little on the rough side, but it was the simultaneous thrust and roll of his hips that set off fireworks. Jesus, fuck, again, where had this magnificent man been hiding? Edward released my nipple after giving it a soothing lick, his head lolling back and his vivid green eyes meeting mine. The eyes were that of the wallflower, with a hint of very, very horny man swimming in them. "Bella, I'm shy. I don't talk to women without getting a fucking ulcer. I wear Batman boxer briefs, and I attend comic-cons religiously. I don't have sexy as hell women come up to me in clubs and ask me to have sex. But …" He huffed, rolling his eyes to the ceiling before taking off his glasses and placing them on the small table by the door. He cocked his head to the side, his lips curling into a sinfully wicked, crooked grin. He dragged his hands from my hips around to my ass, getting a firm grip and yanking me up and against him. I quickly wrapped by legs around his waist and moaned as he sharply thrust himself against me. "I like to fuck. And I really, really want to fuck you good and goddamn proper like I promised your friend. I want my mouth on your tits. I want your mouth on my cock. I want to shove this fucking ridiculous excuse of a skirt up your waist, push your panties to the side, and lick what I'm sure is a fucking drenched pussy. I want to suck your clit while