Title: The Things We Share Summary: Carlisle had been very generous in sharing his passions and teachings to his nephew and adopted son. Is it now Edward's time to return the favor? Entry for Beyond the Bedroom - Three points of view. Pairing : Carlisle/Esme/Edward; Edward/Bella/Carlisle Rating : M Word Count : 9,293 DISCLAIMER: Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephenie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. CPOV A soft moan broke the relative quiet of the cavernous living room. My eyes opened to meet the brilliant green glance of my nephew and adopted son, before he quickly looked away. He was clearly struggling; cheeks flushed and jaw muscles clenched. I took in these small details of his expression before looking down at the source of the sound that had broken us out of our concentration. My hands caressed the round ass pointed up toward the ceiling, bouncing as my dick disappeared into the wet folds below. Esme moaned again, and I felt her clench around me, her orgasm coming on fast. Reluctantly, I slowed my pace and pinched her hip, distracting her with the sharp pain. Her legs stilled, while her neck continued to rock, the movement sending smaller vibrations down her spine, so I still felt her trembling. "If you come before he does, you won't like the consequences," I warned. Her response was immediate; her head began moving faster over Edward's cock, her cheeks hollowing more sharply. He hissed and grabbed her auburn hair in one fist while reaching around her right elbow with his other hand to fondle a free-hanging breast. Careful not to disturb her balance, Edward kneaded her nipple between two fingers. She was not distracted by this attention and continued to administer a world-class blowjob while I fucked her. "That's a good little whore," I encouraged, punctuating each word with a forceful thrust back into her calmed cunt. "We can't disappoint our boy, can we?" Esme detached her lips from Edward's cock for just a moment to nod before returning her attention to him, licking his shaft adoringly. She carefully shifted her balance to one hand and started using the other to massage his balls. I watched her delicate fingers move carefully over him, expertly finding the sensitive places. "Fuck," Edward hissed, giving me the signal that I no longer had to restrain myself. I returned both hands to Esme's hips and let go of everything I was holding back. Her walls gripped me, and I closed my eyes as I felt my balls tighten. I felt her body stretch and push back onto my hips as she straightened up from all fours to press her back against my chest. My continued thrusts now pressed against her favorite angle and she screamed in pleasure. "You are so fucking hot, Esme," Edward praised, satisfaction oozing in his deep voice. I didn't have to look to know he had come all over her full tits. The image, combined with the tight grasp of her climax around my cock triggered my own release. Every orgasm I shared with Esme was fantastic, the electricity taking over my body in a soft shower that took nearly all thought with it as the shudder moved through my brain and every muscle down to my toes. I opened my eyes to see Edward taking the spent woman in his arms, carrying her to the guest bathroom where he would provide the aftercare she had so well earned. I smiled at them as I relished in my afterglow: the boy I loved as a son and the woman who was so much more than a lover to both of us. I remembered how it was for me when I was his age: when sex was so new and exciting that it took over my mind completely. That all-encompassing passion that could rock your entire body from an innocent touch. Or had I stolen that from him when I introduced him to the lifestyle I enjoyed? The unpleasant thought ate away at my lingering afterglow, and I scowled at the pile of discarded clothing on the living room floor. I folded Esme's dress, placing it on a sofa cushion before peering under the furniture to find her discarded panties. After taking care of our guest's things, I grabbed Edward's and my clothes, walking them to the laundry shoot and then headed to my master bathroom. The scalding hot water relaxed my tensed muscles, but couldn't stop the memories replaying or questions forming in my mind. Maybe becoming a father had changed me, and I was just starting to realize it. No one needed to tell me that I wasn't an ideal parental figure. Yet, for some reason, my sister Elizabeth had named me Edward's guardian. Perhaps she knew that even though my choices weren't exactly society's ideals, I would do anything to give him a good life. I had loved the boy as if he were my own from the moment I had held the screaming baby in my arms eighteen years ago. When my sister died, I promised myself that I could put aside my own needs, to keep him from witnessing my deviant side. I would never have consciously introduced him to this lifestyle. But, it turns out that there may be more to nature in our preferences. Like any good parent in the new millennium, I monitored Edward's online activity. The boy's search history actually taught me a few things. Still, I waited for his eighteenth birthday before I introduced him to Esme. She and I were fucking on the kitchen table next to his birthday cake, complete with glittering candles when he walked in the door. To my own surprise, I became more turned on when his eyes widened and then darkened at the sight of me pounding into her. Esme had encouraged him in that sweet voice of hers, telling him how handsome he was and asking him if he liked what he saw. I had no doubt that he had experience before that night, but I could tell the pleasure she gave him was something he had only been fantasizing about. He showed no guilt or shame when she asked him to show her how much he liked it. We took her separately that night, and I let him have Esme to herself all of the next day. Yeah, who wouldn't like to be eighteen again? Esme assured me that though his recovery time was impressively short, he had ways to go before he matched my skill and control. There were others, of course, but my sweet friend was the woman who did more than fuck Edward. She took him under her wing while submitting to his every sexual whim. She taught him what she personally needed and how he could read a woman's body to anticipate and fulfill her desires. She also helped me manage my anxieties about my unexpected role as a father. In that way, her role of fuck buddy quickly morphed into much more. I was beginning to wonder if I had fallen in love with Esme, then she dropped the news that she would be moving out of the area. She was being pulled away by both a new job offer that was an undeniable opportunity and family needs that she couldn't ignore. As I entered the living room again, the two of them were holding hands with their heads pressed together. Edward's hair was still glistening with water droplets, but Esme's had been carefully blow-dried into soft waves. He had changed into sweat pants and a U-W t-shirt, while she had slipped on her green dress. The image of the two of them whispering to each other was so sweet; I doubted anyone looking at them now could have guessed what the three of us had been doing minutes earlier. Seeing me, Edward stood up and nodded, before heading to his room. Though he and Esme loved each other, it was nothing like the connection she and I shared. I had known her longer, and despite his maturity, there were some things a woman needed that an eighteen-year-old could not relate to. I slid next to her on the couch and pulled her into my side. "I'm going to miss you so much," I whispered in her ear. She smiled her gentle smile, but a certain sadness filled her golden eyes as she looked up into my face. "Then come with me," she said. "If you still want me to come after Edward graduates, I will," I promised. She nodded. We had gone over this before, and despite her revealing how much our separation would hurt her, she would always choose what was best for our young companion, just as I would. He was just starting his junior year at college, and the University of Washington had one of the best education programs in the country. The fact that he had chosen to continue to live with me while pursuing his dream of teaching English told me that he needed the family support I gave him, as unconventional as it was. "You know I'll be there for both of you whenever you need me," she said. I snorted. "As beautiful as you are, my dear, I don't think Skype will be enough to satisfy any of us." Her eyes filled with a new expression, which If I didn't know better, I would have called pity. "A computer screen would never do either of you justice," she agreed. "But, I wasn't talking about sex. I can still be your friend, even if I'm not your regular lover for a while. Keep that in mind; I'll be there for you whenever you need a woman's perspective." I nodded, though I wasn't sure why she was saying this. I was suspicious that Edward had shared something with her he hadn't yet told me. Esme slipped the fingers of her right hand between mine while tracing the lines of my veins with her left index finger. The act was so much more intimate than anything we had done that night. I could feel my heart pick up and wondered if she'd be able to notice the change in my blood through the white skin on the back of my hand. "He's growing up," she commented, still staring at my hand rather than my face. "He deserves to know first-hand what you and I have." I nodded. It was something I had thought about quite a bit, actually. When I was growing up, everyone had vanilla relationships first because the other side wasn't something people talked about. I had been frustrated and horny as a teenager, but I also got to experience puppy love, and even cared about a few women before I let my shadow-self emerge and take control. Could a person go the other way? Could you discover innocence while the contents of Pandora's Boxlay spilled around you? As if she were able to hear my silent questions, Esme finally looked into my eyes and smiled, her gaze an invitation to Elysium. "There's no one in the world I trust more than you, Carlisle," she told me. "And I know Edward is right to feel the same way. Promise me that for both of our sakes you'll trust yourself." I frowned. "What is all of that supposed to mean?" I asked, uncomfortable with the idea that my lover and my nephew could be keeping something from me. "He'll tell you soon," she said. No doubt anticipating that I would argue, she distracted me as effectively as only she could, meeting my lips and allowing me to drown in the taste of hers one last time before breaking away and standing to leave. I walked her to her car and stood in the cold night air, watching her take the curves of our