Title: Good Girl Summary: Mother wanted me to be a good girl, andI just wanted to find the right only we could both get what we wanted. Pairing: Bella/Edward (AH) Rating: M Word Count: 9,961 Disclaimer: Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephenie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. "Close your legs," Mother hissed beside me. The polyester dress was uncomfortable enough in the brutal summer heat, but its above-the-knee hemline forced me to cross my legs daintily at the ankles as I'd watched my stuck-up cousin Jane do so many times before. And if Jane did it—whatever it was—I utterly refused to do it on principle. " Now , Isabella." Unless sitting in the front pew of the church with Mother and the eyes of the Holy One staring down at me. With a muted huff, I closed my legs but kept my sandaled feet flat on the ground. Take that, Jane. "Good girls keep their legs closed," Mother continued as if my pastor-slash-father wasn't in the middle of a sermon. "Because they know boys are only after one thing, and they refuse to give them that thing." She leaned closer, her peppermint-scented breath fanning over my face. "Do you know what that one thing is?" I blinked, wondering how she knew. Mother took my non-response as understanding and nodded sagely, patting my touching knees with a smile. "Good girl." As she returned her attention to the pulpit, I wondered how Mother knew what boys wanted. Was she secretly playing Super Mario Brothers after I went to bed? And did she know the cheat code to get unlimited 1-Ups? And if she did, what did a video game have to do with keeping my legs closed? The first boy I ever loved lived across the street, as all beautiful boys from our childhood must, and had the bluest eyes I'd ever seen. Not that he looked at me with them. I was sprawled on the living room floor engrossed in my first Seventeen magazine. I couldn't believe Daddy actually got me a subscription for my10thbirthday—it had articles about makeup and boys and fashion and boys and school and boys! I was taking a quiz to figure out which 90210 cutie was right for me when a moving truck backfired outside. I went to the window to investigate and forgot all about Luke Perry. But like Luke Perry, Mike Newton didn't know I existed. Not when Jessica Stanley and her full bra and short skirts lived nearby and had no curfew. My best friend Ro hated Jessica, but it wasn't Jessica's fault. I mean, when boys worship at your feet and grown men honk at you as they drive by, you sorta can't help being a little bitchy. And I also knew Jessica had her own problems. I found out this one time when I was going to the store for Mother and caught Mike and Jessica outside his house. He stood between her legs and had her pressed against the wall. He looked like he was eating her face, which was weird enough, but what made me stop and stare was the fact that he had his hand on her boob. Not on it... all over it. He gripped it with his stubby fingers, moving the round mound in a tight circle. I saw Jessica's pinched face, heard her grunts and groans, and scurried away in fright. Because if being with Mike hurt like that, then Jessica had the right to be bitchy. Yet I thought about his hand on her boob a lot, and the memory made me tingle. "Isabella!" Mother yelled up the steps. "Rosalie is on the phone!" "Coming!" I ran downstairs to take the receiver, and Mother glanced at the clock. "Don't be long. I'm waiting on a call from your aunt Esme." "Okay." I hopped on the stool by the wall-mounted phone. "Hey, Ro." "Happy New Year! You wanna come over?" "Yes! I'm so bored I could die." I leaned over to yell into the living room. "Mom, can I go to Ro's?" "To do what?" "Watch movies or play with her Barbie Dream House." She huffed. "Is your room clean?" "Yes." "Did you call to wish your grandmother a Happy New Year?" "Yes." "Is Marcus going to be home?" "I have no idea." Her tone changed. "Is that a 'no'?" I put the phone back to my ear. "Ro, will your brother be home?" "No, he's out with my dad." "No, he's with Mr. Hale," I yelled back. Mother didn't reply, so I watched the clock while she made up her mind. "Fine," she finally said. "But be back in two hours." It was better than nothing. ... Ro clicked on her living room radio. "Why did she ask about Marcus?" "I don't know." I plucked a Hershey's kiss from the candy dish. "She doesn't want me being alone with boys." Ro grinned. "Whoops." "Whoops what?" The doorbell rang, and my eyes widened. "Who is that?" "Sam." She walked backwards to the front door. "And hisbrother." "S-S-Seth?" My mouth went dry, and I found it difficult to talk. "Are you serious?" "Yes. It's time you two stop playing around." "What are you talking about?" "You know what I'm talking about." The doorbell rang again, and she squealed. "And I'm gonna do something about it." What she did was takeSamup to her room to settle a bet about the lyrics to "Thriller," leaving me and Seth downstairsin the most awkward silence ever. Eleven-year-old girls didn't sit alone with super-cute twelve-year-old boys. Well,good girls didn't, according to Mother. Maybe Seth's mother told him the same thing because he was acting strange. He looked at the wall, the floor, the half-dead poinsettia on the mantle... everything but me. Which was fine because it gave me the chance to study his smooth skin and curly hair and that lone dimple on his right cheek. I wanted to kiss it. The thought surprised me so much that I gasped, and he looked at me. "You okay?" "Yes! I mean, yes." I smiled, hoping I didn't look crazy. "I'm okay." "Good." His knee bobbed up and down. "Me too." Nervous Seth was even more adorable than Normal Seth, and I found myself relaxing. "Did you have a good Christmas?" "Yeah. You?" "Yeah." "Good. Me too." I smiled. "You said that already." "I did?" His cheeks reddened, drawing more attention to that adorable dimple. "I'm sorry. I'm just nervous." "Why?" He snorted. "Like you don't know." "I don't know. That's why I'm asking." He looked at me, his eyes different this time. "You...you really don't know?" "No." For some reason, I couldn't look away. "But Ithink I want to." "You do?" I nodded slowly. "Yeah." The DJ chose that moment to play a different Michael Jackson hit, and its frenzied rhythm kept pace with my heart as Seth rubbed his hands on his corduroys and stood up. I watched him cross the room and found myself standing also, my arms falling at my sides as Seth stopped right in front of me. He stared at me again, his gaze dropping to my lips when I licked them. I closed my eyes when he leaned forward, and in the space of an exhale, I felt gentle, chapped pressure against my lips. A strange kind of warmth spread from my mouth to my cheeks and up the back of my neck, and I wanted it to last forever. So I pressed my face closer to his, afraid yet excited when he gripped my hands in response. The longer we stayed fused at the mouth, the warmer I became. Yet there was something awkward about the two of us just standing there with our closed mouths pressed against each other. Was I supposed to move? Was he? People on TV kissed with their heads leaned to the side and their mouths open. Good grief, were we supposed to do that?! Thankfully Ro and Sam came barreling down the steps, and we jumped apart, Seth retreating to his corner of the room. I sat down on the couch, brushing my fingers against my lips with a private smile. And when I glanced at Seth and caught the look in his eyes, I wanted to be awkward with him again. And randomly wished I had a big boob for him to put his hand on. Well, I never got big boobs, but I had enough for Jake Black, a boy on my eighth grade track team who stole my attention the first time I watched him high jump. I'd seen plenty of boy stake flight while dunking a basketball, but something about Jake's body curving over that wobbly bar made my heart race and my modest boobs tingle. Which was a weird feeling to have for a boy I'd known since elementary school. We'd probably sat together in art class or been relay race partners in gym or something, but I'd never looked at him twice. Not the way I was looking at him now. So one day after everyone else left and I'd finished my conditioning laps for the 800 and 1600, I stayed behind to watch Jake jump. I was on the bleachers with my books and Walkman, apparently studying in the sunshine. But after a while, I dropped the pretense and sat back to enjoy the show. And when the sudden spring heat prompted Jake to remove his shirt, I wanted to give his show a standing ovation. So when he sauntered toward me and asked for some water, I handed him my bottle without a word. Jake chuckled at my silence, and I blinked out of my trance, grabbing the bottle in the middle of his swig. The water splattered all over my tank top, and I leapt off the bench. "You ruined my shirt!" "Calm down. It's only water." He looked me up and down. "Besides, now you have a reason to take that off." "And why would I do that?" Jake reclaimed the water bottle with a smirk. "Maybe you're hot." I watched his lips curl around the pointed spout, sucking at it greedily, and I was quite suddenly quite hot. Jake was practically daring me to take off my shirt, but what could I do? We were at the practice field in the middle of the afternoon with only one pitiful tree to shade us. If anyone walked by, they would see everything. "Come on, Swannie." He finally stopped torturing me and took the water bottle out of his mouth. "No one's looking." I retreated into the shade of the tree. "No one?" He smiled slowly. "No one else, I mean." My boobs tingled their eager response, and I heard Mother's voice warning me to behave. But with Jake watching me like that, I shoved Mother's voice aside and took a deep breath to settle my nerves. I fisted the hem of my tank top, noting how Jake's gaze followed my hands, and I pulled the shirt over my head, hoping the motion was more arousing than awkward. Jake dropped the bottle, swiping water from his chin with the back of his hand. As I tossed my shirt onto the bleachers, I looked up to find Jake staring at my blue sports bra with wide eyes. I kept a subtle arch in my back—because Ro said good posture made your boobs look better—and tried not to fidget. Jake's gaze went left to right and back again, and I locked my hands into fists to keep from covering myself up. "You cold?" he finally asked. "What? No." "Oh." Right to left to right to left..."But your nipples are hard." I folded my hands across my chest. "Well...yours are uneven!" "What?" "Forget it." I turned to the bleachers to grab my shirt. "I gotta get home." "Swann—Bella, wait." Jake