Title: Perspective Summary: Sometimes, more isn't all it's cracked up to be. It's all about perspective. Pairing: Edward and Bella Rating: M Word Count : 5,018 Disclaimer: Twilight and its inclusive material are copyright to Stephanie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. Oh God, Oh God! I lie there writhing, searching for that high, my fingers buried deep inside myself. I quickly re-read the words on my tablet over and over. Pulled up on the screen is my very favorite Fanfiction story, my go-to for fulfilling my most basic carnal need. My favorite fic, filled with dirty talk, sexual adventure and a tad of kink. Just a little more and I'm almost there as I take one last swipe over my sensitive nub. The next thing that could be heard is the high-pitched keening noise that comes with my release. Stars are in my vision, and tingling nerves roam my skin. The next sound I hear comes from downstairs. "Bella, are you home?" The man behind the gentle voice that has been mine for over ten years is slowly climbing the stairs. I scramble to turn the tablet off and cover myself with the sheets … as if I could hide what I had just been doing. "Bella, what are you doing? Are you feeling okay?" Willing my heart to slow down I speak, "Yes, Edward, I'm fine. I just needed to lie down for a bit." It wasn't a lie. "Why are you in here with the lights off and the curtains drawn? It's 1:30 in the afternoon. Do you have a headache?" He turns the bedside light on. "Your face is flushed." As he sits down beside me, he notices the hard object underneath the sheets. He pulls it out, and realization slowly hits. He would know the look of my post-orgasmic afterglow anywhere. "Why didn't you wait for me, Bella?" as the look of disappointment slowly takes over his face. "I would have taken care of you later tonight." More and more often, he has walked in on me either engrossed in a story or coming down from a high. He gets up from the bed and walks quietly back out the door into the hallway and down the stairs. That was the question of all questions, why didn't I wait for him? I knew in my heart what I wasn't ready to admit out loud. Ten years of marriage had taken its toll on us. Like every married couple, we had our ups and downs. We had three beautiful children. Edward sometimes worked sixty hours a week at his law firm, leaving me to be the run around/stay at home mom. Frequently torn in three separate directions, between carpools and PTA and soccer and ballet, I was tired. I loved being a stay at home mom and was grateful that I had the ability to do so, but I was so tired, and bored. The exciting sex life that we used to have was all but gone. When we did have the chance to spend some quality time together, we had nice sex. Nice, quiet, missionary style sex. Don't get me wrong, Edward always takes care of me, but in the end, I seem to find myself wanting. Wanting something more, some spice, something . It's as if we're going through the motions. I feel bad because I know Edward is doing the best he can. I see the tired lines on his still beautiful face. I know he is trying to give me it all. The guilty feeling of selfishness washes over me. I put on my robe and follow after him to see where he went. I find him in his office, sitting at his mahogany desk, with an open manila file folder. At first glance, you would think he was reading, but his eyes just stare blankly at the page, unmoving, for over a minute. "I don't know what else you want from me, Bella. I came home to get a file I left here." He pauses contemplating what he wants to say. "Do you do that a lot during the day when I'm not home? Am I that unfulfilling to you?" "No Edward, that's not it." "Then what is it?" He says louder than I was expecting. "What more do you want?" Seconds pass, both of us staring at each other. "I just want to spice things up a little more. I want more spontaneity , a little less vanilla." "Less vanilla?" He looks at me questioningly. "Let me show you something," I say before I run up the stairs to find my tablet. Returning to his office, I turn it on and flip to Chapter one. "Maybe we could do a little more of this." He peruses the first paragraph, his eyes widening as he starts to scroll. I quietly leave him to it as I go off to get dressed. I need to pick up the kids from school in an hour and start to figure something out for dinner. When I get back he's gone, the tablet is still on his desk in the office. I pick it up and take it back to the kitchen pulling up a new story I read about on a Fanfic recommendation site. In between homework questions and dinner instructions, I sneak in a few chapters. Over the next few weeks, Edward is quiet but attentive to our family. He still shows me all the love and affection that has been a part of our life together, but he continues to be busy with work and has been on his phone a lot. I try to be more mindful of my Fanfiction reading around him and a little more discreet in my self-pleasure. I have cut back some in the hopes that it will make our times together a little more exciting, more pleasurable. One night while lying in bed Edward turns to me, "I've been thinking that we need a little time away, away from the house and the kids. I know what you are thinking, but my parents have already agreed to take them for a week after school lets out. What do you say?" "I say yes!" as I leap over covering his face with kisses. "I want to take you somewhere nice, Bella, where we can just be us again, if only for a little bit." "I think that sounds wonderful." A few weeks later, we board our flight from Seattle to Kona, Hawaii, Edward loading our belongings into the overhead bin. I've never flown first class before so this is a real treat, especially for the long flight. The flight attendant checks if we need anything and offers us both blankets and pillows. As the flight takes off Edward is holding my hand, but very engrossed in whatever he is reading on his phone. I'm a little disheartened to think that he couldn't be bothered to leave his work at home. He pulls out a small notebook and even starts jotting some notes. I nod off to the droning sound of the engines as we make our way towards paradise. Waking with the sudden need to use the bathroom, I unbuckle my belt and slowly rise. "Everything okay?" He asks. "I just need to use the restroom." The expression on his face is one of pensive thought, and he looks like he wants to say something. Just as I begin to wash my hands in the tiny room, I hear a knock, "Just a minute." And another. Can't they see the 'occupied' light on? Geez. "Bella it's me, open the door, quick." I hear through the wall in a whispered yell over the noise of the plane. Just as I go to open the door, Edward rushes in towards me. "What are you doing?" I ask completely confused. Just then, our flight attendant is at the partially opened door. "I'm sorry sir, but only one person in the restroom at a time." With a defeated look on Edward's face and a puzzled, somewhat embarrassed look on mine, we return to our seats. "What has gotten into you?" I whisper. "Nothing, I just thought maybe we could try and join the mile high club," he says with a shy, guilty look. I stare at him with a look of shock. "Never mind." He covers up with his blanket and looks out the window. My mind is racing; would he really have done that if we didn't get caught? Would I? I chuckle to myself as I slowly drift back to sleep. A soft hand rubs up my leg, slowly lifting the sundress that Edward had asked me to wear. Tingles run rampant on my skin. What an amazing dream . A soft touch ghosting over my skin, running up to the apex of my thighs as a single finger slides under the seam of my panties honing in on my most sensitive part. Wait! My eyes are open in a flash. I don't dare move as not to draw attention. I turn my head to see a smiling Edward looking like the proverbial cat that ate the canary with his hand under my blanket. Before I can speak a word, that finger slips into my soaking wet heat, then another. I turn my head into the pillow resting just against my shoulder. The feeling of his hand is so intense; the naughty feeling that we might be caught is almost too much to take. It doesn't take long before I am clenching my legs together to try and stop the onslaught of heavy breathing as I plummet over the brink into ecstasy. Edward slowly removes his fingers bringing them to his mouth for a taste. I don't remember him ever doing that before. It's kinda hot. The flight attendant suddenly appears asking if we would like anything to drink. She leaves with our order of bottled water and lemonade. Edward chuckles to himself again, looking out to the sky while I look as if I just ran a marathon in the seat of this plane. Our hotel is something out of a magazine. The mini suite has a small sitting area with a couch, a loveseat, and a kitchenette. The bedroom has a king sized bed and a bathroom with double sinks and a large walk-in shower and hot tub type bath. The ocean view balcony is worth the cost of the room itself. We quietly begin unpacking our bags, and I grab my things for a shower after the long flight. The hot water quickly washes away the day. No sooner have I rinsed off do I feel Edward come up behind me, wrapping his arms around me in a tight embrace. I turn and his lips are on me in an instant, kissing, and nibbling on my jaw, and down my neck. My ass is getting cold. "Edward you are hogging the water, I'm getting cold." He shifts back and again I am warm, with his kisses back on my neck. Except now, the spray is bouncing off him and right into my face. I gently turn, and now I am getting cold again. This showerhead clearly needs to be bigger. The next thing I know Edward has grabbed my ass, and I am lifted and placed against the tile wall. I wrap my legs around him trying not to slip. His face buried in my neck, chest up against mine he slowly enters me. With the water providing some friction, I try to get comfortable. He awkwardly gets a hand between us, rubbing my clit, and it starts to feel good. I throw my head back … straight into the wall. Damn that hurt, and I think the soap holder is digging into my side. I try to enjoy the feelings he is trying to impart, but