AN: Many thanks to my Beta, Lisa/myusernamehere and damndonnergirls for thinking of a Darius with heterochromia iridum. Come find me on Tumblr: DandelionLass :) Songs: "I Hope You Dance" - Lee Ann Womack "Push It" Salt -N- Pepa "Lose Control" - Missy Elliott "Bump N Grind" - R. Kelly I own nothing related to the Hunger Games Series Chapter 1 We shuffle from side to side with the tempo of our song. I stumble. One of my feet slips off his boot, but he steadies me with his giant, warm hands. I remove my nose from the soft cotton of his plaid pearl snap shirt and his ever present scent of clove, cinnamon, leather, and the faintest hint of vanilla, pulling back from where I'm hugging his waist. I look up into his face. Daddy's smile reaches all the way to his eyes, making little crinkles where the lids meet. A grin splits my face, revealing the gap where my two front teeth should be. He leans down, wrapping his brawny arms around me in a hug. I feel the soft whiskers of his beard tickle my cheek where he kisses me. Here in his arms is where I feel safe and secure. In his sturdy embrace is where I feel loved. Then the truth hits me like a brick bat. That was where I felt loved. "Promise me that you'll give faith a fighting chance, And when you get the choice to sit it out or dance. I hope you dance..." I jerk out of my catnap, the bouquet of Old Spice still pleasantly stinging my nose. Silencing the snooze alarm on my phone, I check the time. It is 6:20 a.m., 10 minutes before I can earn five laps around the gym and a demerit for being late. I pull my letter jacket more tightly around myself to fend off the chill in my uncranked, parked car and begin scanning the front row of the parking lot for our director's sparkling red VW Beetle, "Lady Bird." There is no sign of Ms. Effie Trinket. Several of our "Baby Jays," the new sophomore members of the Mockingjays Varsity Drill Team, are huddling by the locked dance room door awaiting Ms. Effie and the keys. My little sister Primrose and her best friends Rue and Posy are included. Now down to four minutes, I grab my Mockingjays bag and backpack, hoisting them onto my shoulders, then lock up Daddy's rusty F150. Thankfully, the trek from the parking lot is not that bad for me anymore. Last year, on mornings when it wasn't raining, I had to be dropped off in front of the practice field, since I was still a Baby Jay. Those 200 yards were my literal first steps in humility, tradition, ritual, and discipline each day. And that is what the foundation of Drill Team is all about: building character. At that time, the single bulb above the dance room door and the flood light on the field house behind me were the only beacons of light on our way. That's where I dropped off Prim, Rue, and Posy this morning to visit with the other Baby Jays they hadn't seen since Dance Camp this summer. Meanwhile, I parked halfway between the school and practice field and went back to sleep for 25 blessed minutes. Next year, as a senior, I will have earned the privilege to park right up in the front row, a mere 30 feet from the door. That'll be the day. Mama never complained or made me feel bad about the early drop offs; she just went in with me, through the dance room, and started her work in the the nurse's office early. She was a Mockingjay at Panem, so she is well acquainted with this sacrifice. Since I got my driver's license last May, however, she has yet to come in before 7:15 a.m. I can't blame her. I won't lie. I probably get too excited about the three weeks after Spring Show when the Mockingjays get to come in at 7:20 a.m., the same time the rest of the student body usually does. As I walk, the Odair brothers' navy blue, lifted Tundra pulls up. Thresh, Rye, Peeta, and Thom are riding in the bed. "Hey, Sarge!" Johanna yolls, jumping out of the back door. She tosses a large white paper bag at me and adjusts her embroidered butt wrap as we wait for our 5'1" Captain, Annie, to gather her things. It's mandatory for each Mockingjay to wear a wrap as part of our matching practice uniforms. Johanna's, like all the Officers', has her rank in large letters across her butt and her name on the right front flap. There's no need for her to mess with the wrap. Johanna has been trying to get with Darius since running into him at the track one morning before a twice a day football practice last summer. After their chance meeting, Johanna made it a point to run at the track during morning practice so she could get a far off glimpse of the gorgeous ginger with one green eye and one hazel eye. Despite her efforts, Darius has been oblivious. But drawing attention to one of her best assets can't hurt her cause. Since Peeta Mellark is present, and Johanna gave me an excuse, I smooth the back of my wrap down with one hand, just in case. "Hey, Sarge," I volley back with much less enthusiasm and a scowl. I inventory the bag. I now see it's from Mellark's Bakery. It contains an assortment of biscuits, croissants, scones, and other breakfast pastries. What catches my eye is the cheese bun. They have been a favorite of mine since childhood. Daddy would pick them up for us on the way out to the hunting lease. I take a bite of the cheese bun and moan in appreciation. It's still warm. "Peeta makes the cheese buns," Rye pipes up. I don't miss the wink Rye slyly gives his brother. Or the way Peeta's eyes widen and the blood rushes to his cheeks and the tips of his ears. Peeta sends me a timid half-smile when he notices my gaze. "We'll see y'all later," Annie promises, effectively breaking our trance. We all exchange our goodbyes. Annie gives Finnick a brief peck on the lips then springs off the running board. Johanna follows suit, blowing an exaggerated kiss to the group. I merely wiggle my fingers in a subtle wave as the guys drive off towards the field house. "You are extremely too happy and loud for this early in the morning," I scold Johanna. "Well, Mom had the graveyard shift at the hospital, so I got to ride with Darius. And I've had my Red Bull and Mellark's, so sue me for being in a good mood for once." "Ladies..." Annie interjects, attempting to defuse the situation. But she's interrupted by the rumble of spraying gravel then the screeching breaks of Ms. Effie's Lady Bird. We pause at Madge's car as she pops out with all her bags. I hand off the Mellark's bag to her, and she removes a buttery chocolate-almond croissant. "She's going to kill someone if she's not careful," Madge points out, munching. She's right. Ms. Effie brings a whole new meaning to "Jesus, take the wheel." Her spotted slug bug, or the flash of it, is infamous around these parts. She drives two towns over, 50 miles round trip, to get her highlights and nails done. With her devil driving, however, it only takes her about 20 minutes each way. "In all likelihood, it would be one of the Baby Jays. They don't know to be on the look out for Lady Bird yet," Johanna adds. "Oh Jo, I didn't know you cared," I chuckle. "Shh! Don't tell any of them. I have a kick ass reputation to uphold," she snaps, looking over her shoulder to survey how many Baby Jays are walking behind us. "They'll catch on quick," Annie assures. "Let's just hope it's not any of us," she whispers as we approach Ms. Effie bouncing to the door, keys already in hand. Even before the sun is up, Ms. Effie's bleach blonde hair is already perfectly curled and coifed. None of us have ever seen her without makeup on, specifically red lipstick. We suspect they are stained that color from her Kilgore Rangerette days. At 24 years old, she is openly desired by teachers and students alike. Everyone either wants to kill her, kiss her, or be her. After two years, I'm still not certain in which category I fit. Annie glances down at her watch. She is the only one except Ms. Effie who is approved to wear one during practices. "A minute and fifteen seconds before 6:30. She's cutting it close today." "Let's just get to the roll and hope there aren't more than five stragglers. I'd hate for us to have to introduce the Baby Jays to countdown kicks on the first day of the year," I offer. "You and me both," Annie says and Johanna and Madge agree in unison. Ms. Effie reaches the gaggle of at least forty girls, and they part like the Red Sea to give her access to the dance room door. Once open, our traditional door order ritual begins. It's based on seniority, like most things in Texas Drill Team. As Captain, Annie takes her position right behind Ms. Effie, followed by our First Lieutenant Cashmere and the other Lieutenants, Glimmer and Clove. Johanna, Delly, Madge, and I go in next as Sergeants and Head Sergeant of the line. The Juniors then the Baby Jays wrap up our train; the Baby Jays holding the door is the kaboose. In the dance room, we all sit in front of the mirrored wall with a barre. Our red lockers are to our rear. The Officers make up the front two rows of four girls. The Sergeants, Delly, Johanna, Madge, and I, are the second row. My spot is directly behind Annie since I'm Head Sergeant. The rest of the Mockingjays are seated by seniority. The line behind each Sergeant is a separate squad. These squads are helpful when distributing work amongst the team or when we practice technique and must rotate through activities. Our current sitting posture of one knee up and the opposite foot tucked behind it is part of our team discipline. It is a common habit across Texas Drill Teams. Annie quickly calls the roll and reads off the locker assignments. Then I head to the front and begin leading stretches to help prevent injuries. The other Sergeants and I trade this responsibility every practice. Ms. Effie is fully active during practice and stretches with us. It's half way through this warm up when the two Baby Jays missing from roll call straggle in. Stretches complete, a more limber Ms. Effie comes to the front of the room to address the team. "Welcome! Welcome," Ms. Effie greets us. "I am so pleased to see all everyone's shining faces this glorious Tuesday morning. As our veterans know, the Mockingjays are a sisterhood. Like a family, each one of you is an essential part of the Mockingjays' success. Especially our precious Baby Jays who are the legacy of our team. You all have auditioned for this prestigious team with the hope of becoming Ladies of discipline, respect, and character. As Mockingjays, we cultivate these priceless qualities daily as we work and through our many rituals and traditions. We instill discipline through rigorous practice, repetition, and adherence to our team rules. We earn and show our respect by upholding our seniority traditions and by conducting ourselves with the utmost decorum and manners. Far from just being only the long legs and pretty faces that perform at halftime for the varsity football team, you ladies play a crucial role in the community of Panem. You support the Rebel football team, and