For the purpose of this story, BOO canon is being completely ignored. It doesn't exist. BOO never happened. This takes place sometime in the future. This story will probably be a 2-3 shot. Rated T for language and references to sex. Reyna sat unhappily in the waiting room of an empty Seattle courthouse. "Couldn't finish off the paperwork themselves." She muttered. The plump clerk returned. "Everything is all filed away, Ms. Ramírez-Arellano. You can tell Mrs. And Mrs. Ramírez-Arellano their marriage is official." "Thank you." Reyna held in her sigh of relief. The marriage certificate had been completely legal, but her own credentials as officiator had been slightly fudged. The state of Washington didn't exactly recognize the authority of Roman praetors. (She herself wasn't sure her authority covered officiating marriages, but it had been enough for Kinzie and Hylla.) "They'll be very happy." They were probably on the plane by now, headed off to their honeymoon. Hylla had told her they were leaving as soon as they both got showered and into new clothes. "Lucky too, you made it right before we closed." The clerk said cheerfully. Reyna looked up at the clock. Was it already that late? It had certainly been a long day. And not only had Hylla stuck Reyna with getting the paperwork in as soon as she and Kinzie were married, but Reyna still had to find a way to get the blood and Arby's sauce out of the rental car and return it before she went back to New Rome. (She just hoped Hylla and Kinzie were nice enough not to have had sex in her rental car. If they and, she was leaving the car at the Amazon complex and Hylla could deal with the clean up and late fees when she got back.) "Very lucky." "Was it a nice wedding?" The clerk said politely as Reyna gathered her coat to leave. Reyna couldn't help but smile a little. The clerk hadn't the slightest idea. "It was… unique." 48 Hours Earlier "Kinzie, have you submitted the sales report yet?" Hylla asked, entering her office, where Kinzie already sat typing furiously on a laptop. "Working on it." Kinzie said. Hylla put her coffee down on her own desk and raised an eyebrow. "Still? You were working on it an 2 hours ago when I went downstairs to deal with the worker injury." "Are you sure it's been that long?" "Yes Kinzie, there's a clock right above the door." Hylla was a little suspicious now. Kinzie was an apt liar, but Hylla had memorized all her usual tactics by now. And it seemed an awful lot like she was avoiding the subject. "When did we get a clock?" "When you first meticulously designed the office." Hylla answered. "And considering the number of times you've used it to point out how late I am, I'm pretty sure you know we have a clock." "Right. That clock." Kinzie stopped her typing to look up at Hylla, resting her chin on her hands. "And its not the same clock from when I first designed the office. We broke that one. Remember? One year anniversary, on the desk…" Hylla remembered now. (How could she forget?) "Of course. So the sales report?" Hylla wasn't going to let Kinzie distract her again. For a second she had almost forgotten why she was pestering the girl. "It'll be finished soon." Kinzie said dismissively. Kinzie never took this long to do anything. She was always nothing but precise with her work. Hylla sat on the edge of Kinzie's desk. "So you wouldn't mind if I took a look at your laptop then?" Kinzie suddenly began typing again. "Nope, too busy for that." "Kinzie." "Hylla." "Kiinziie." "Hyyylla." "Kinzie!" "Hylla!" Hylla swiftly snatched the laptop from in front of Kinzie. "Hey!" Hylla looked at the screen. "Let's see. Online wedding dress shopping. And in the next tab we have searching for florists. And caterers in tab number three. Wow, if I didn't know better I'd say you were daydreaming about a wedding instead of finishing a sales report." Kinzie crossed her arms. "That's all research. For the sales report." "Does the sales report have a sweetheart neckline?" Hylla teased. "It's a very detailed sales report." Kinzie defended. Hylla sighed as she handed the laptop back to Kinzie. "Kinzie, I'm getting the feeling you're anxious to get married." Kinzie nervously twirled the engagement ring on her finger. "What gives you that idea?" "Besides the online shopping? You've worn all white every day this week." Kinzie smoothed the professional white dress she was wearing. "Hadn't noticed." "You've also tried out some new updo every day." Kinzie subconsciously felt her auburn hair tied up in an elaborate bun. "Just having fun." Hylla stared at her. It only Kinzie a few seconds to crack. "Okay fine. I have been thinking about it. Just a little bit. We have been engaged for six months. And we haven't even started planning a wedding." "I'm a little busy being Queen of the Amazons." Hylla pointed out. "And, I'm willing to drive down to Vegas any day you want and make it official." Kinzie pouted. "I don't want to get married in Vegas. I want a big wedding and a drop dead gorgeous dress and a reception with super fancy food I don't even know the names of and a first dance with my lovely bride…" "Who would we even invite?" Hylla asked. "When would we have it?" "Your sister." Kinzie offered. "And?" Kinzie thought for a moment. "The Amazons? My ex boyfriend? I don't know." "Whose going to walk you down the aisle and give you away? And if we gather so many demigods in one place, whose going to protect us all from the hoard of monsters sure to show up?" Hylla pulled Kinzie up onto the desk next to her and put an arm around her fiancé. "Let's face it, we're lucky to be alive long enough to have a wedding. We're not normal people, we can't have a normal wedding. And no way am I wearing a dress. I can't fight in that." Kinzie leaned her head on Hylla's shoulder. "You can't get married in your battle armor." "Says who?" "Your bride." Kinzie sighed. "But you're right." Hylla ran a hand through Kinzie's hair. "We might not be able to do what you want, but I'll work something out for you. Okay?" "Okay." Kinzie leaned in to kiss Hylla. Someone cleared their throat, and both girls looked up the see an embarrassed looking Amazon standing in the doorway. "Sorry." The newcomer muttered nervously. "I didn't mean to interrupt, it's just, uh, we're missing a sales report." The next morning, Kinzie made very sure to wear a black pencil skirt with her blouse, and to leave her hair down and as unstyled as possible. Hylla smiled when she noticed, but didn't say anything. "Where's the day's work?" Kinzie asked, handing Hylla her morning coffee. "I need you to go meet someone for me." Hylla said, trying to seem disinterested. She was usually a worse liar than Kinzie, but no way was she letting her surprise slip. "Who?" Kinzie asked. "No one important." Hylla said. "Just a necessary meeting I don't have the time to attend. You have to leave now though. There's a car waiting for you outside." "Okay. I guess I'll be off then." Kinzie kissed Hylla on the cheek quickly and rushed off. Hylla let out the grin she had been holding in, then picked up one of the Amazon phones and began dialing the number she had looked up last night. Kinzie was not happy to be going to this meeting. Not that she would ever let Hylla know that. But when Hylla made Kinzie go meet someone for her, they were either unimportant or horribly boring. Most likely both. After 15 minutes, the car stopped outside a small restaurant. Kinzie thanked the driver and stepped out. She entered the café and walked up to the hostess stand. "How may I help you?" Asked the hostess, a bored looking blonde who was probably younger than Kinzie. "Reservation for Ramirez-Arellano." The hostess typed something into her computer. "Table 7 on your right. Your guest is already here." Kinzie nodded. She headed toward the table, bracing herself to stay awake through whatever she would have to endure next. Then she saw the table, and her face lit up. "Mini Hylla!" she practically ran to the table and wrapped Reyna in a bear hug. "Hey Kinzie." Reyna said, pushing the Amazon off her. "And I'm still half an inch taller than Hylla." Kinzie shrugged. "Yes, but she would dump me if I don't pretend she's taller." She took a seat at the table across from Reyna. "So what're you here for? And doesn't Hylla want to see you?" "She'll see me soon." Reyna said. "I've been called in to be the Maid of Honor at her wedding." "Really?" Kinzie squealed. "Yes." Reyna looked worried for a second. "I hope you don't mind Hylla chose the Maid of Honor." She gestured to a piece of paper folded on the table. "She said in her letter that you don't have any relatives and she's your only friend so you wouldn't mind." "Of course I don't mind! You'd be my first choice." Kinzie assured her. "So what are we doing here?" Reyna gestured to her menu. "I assumed first we would have an early lunch. And then we have a an appointment at the bridal shop down the street." If Kinzie's smile could grow any bigger, it did. "You're going to take me dress shopping?" "Not by my choice." Reyna admitted. "And I am not trying on any bridesmaid dresses." "So did you find one?" Kinzie asked out of the blue, as she flipped through a dress catalogue. Reyna looked up from the catalogue she herself had been begrudgingly searching. "One what? A dress?" "No." Kinzie giggled. "A date." Reyna raised her eyebrows. "Why would I have a date?" "Hylla said so in the letter she sent. 'And for gods sake Rey, bring a date or something.' So did you?" Kinzie pestered. "How did you even read that?" Reyna questioned. "I was sitting across the table." Kinzie shrugged. "I have good eyesight." She looked at Reyna expectantly. "No, I didn't bring a date." Reyna said. "Come on. Why not?" "No one to bring." Reyna answered, almost bitterly. Kinzie put down her catalogue completely. "No one? How about that Percy Jackson kid that visited us way back when? He was good looking." "Madly in love with his girlfriend." There was definitely a hint of bitterness now. "The tall Asian one with him?" "Not my type. Also madly in love with his girlfriend." Kinzie scratched her chin. "The handsome and talented praetor you used to talk about?" "Ex praetor. And girlfriend." "Dang, I guess saving the world doesn't keep you as busy as I thought. Are any of those magic seven you hang out with single?" "The annoying mechanic and the moody gay kid." Reyna said. "Well," Kinzie tried, "At least annoying mechanic is better than-" "Still pining after a goddess he met years ago and will never see again? Perfect." Reyna interrupted. Kinzie crossed her arms and made a defeated noise. 'That's rough buddy." A perky sales associate finally showed up. "Sorry for the wait! Can I help you two?" Kinize twirled around in the mirror. "Does Hylla like lace?" Reyna smirked. "Hylla will love whatever you're wearing." "Hmm." Kinzie studied the dress. "So there are no boys in that mighty legion of yours?" Reyna wasn't surprised by the change of topic this time. "No." "Hmm." "Is it too hard to walk in?" Reyna questioned. Kinzie walked back and forth down the hallway where the dressing rooms were. "I can walk in anything. Just wait until I buy heels. But I still don't think this is the one. So what about that one kid with