Chapter One: Million Dollar Bills. There's nothing I want but money and time Million dollar bills and a tick tick tick tick Chanel Agresti. Scarsdale, New York. "Come in, Miss Agresti." I rise, smoothing my skirt. Ms. March holds the door, but hardly waits until I'm inside before slamming it shut behind us. "Take a seat, please. I'm on a very tight schedule." I slide into a hard wooden chair and frown at the state of her office, which, typically spotless, has fallen into stark disorder. Scattered papers are spread across every inch of her desk; overturned coffee cups have been tossed carelessly towards a wastebasket, leaving dark stains on the carpet. Books have been shoved haphazardly into the shelf behind her, while others are piled against the wall or have spilled under my feet. "Well, it's certainly been a long time since we've seen each other," Ms. March says. Unsmiling, she reaches across her desk for my note. "What is it this time?" As she reads, I examine the papers closest to me- an assortment of emails, by the look of them, although I can't make out what they say from my angle. "Hitting another student… threatening students… oh, this won't do." She rubs her temples. "And here I was, hoping you'd finally learned." "I was provoked," I say. "I can prove it." "Unfortunately for you, I don't care." She crumples the note up and tosses it towards the trash- like the cups, it hits off the rim and lands on the carpet. I would have made that. "I've said this before- you need to learn to hold your temper." "I don't have a temper." "Yet you always seem to have a harder time staying out of my office than most." "That's not my temper," I argue. "That's other things-" "Save it. I don't really care about the specifics. You'll be staying here tomorrow, along with everyone else who seems to think they are above our standards. Maybe while the rest of your class is enjoying their day off, you'll learn how to control yourself." "What? No Ditch Day? Ms.-" "It's fair. You broke the rules." "What about Tristan up there? He was taunting me. He was picking a fight. Why isn't he down here? Why isn't he staying back, too?" "Because he didn't lash out and attack anyone." "Do you think I would have just punched a kid for no reason? You act like I'm some kind of sadistic maniac," I huff. "I had to. You didn't hear what he was saying. You would have wanted to hit him too!" "Don't try and tell me what I would have done," she threatens. "I have no tolerance for fighting. Learn to ignore him." "Are you seriously telling me to ignore him? What about telling him to shut his damn mouth and leave me alone? What about that?" "This is about you, not-" "He isn't even hurt!" I yell. "I barely even hit him!" "Be quiet, Chanel!" She slams her hand on her desk, and the edges of the pages rustle. "You have pushed me to the limit all year, and I have no more capacity for patience with you. Now get out of my office, because I have actual work to do and I can't afford for you to waste my time!" I resist the urge to flat-out scream in her face, although every bone in my body would love to do just that. Instead, breathing hard, I push myself out of my chair and storm out. It's not fair. It's the last week of school. And he was being a dick! Why can't a girl get her hands dirty when she needs to? I duck into a nearby bathroom to splash water on my face and hopefully calm down a little. As I rub water in my eyes- waterproof mascara is a lifesaver, honestly- I recite a common mantra under my breath. "Ms. March is a bitch… Tristan can go fuck himself… Ms. March is a bitch…" I'm so ready to get out of this place. Not that going to school here has been all bad-this year in particular has been one big "fuck it," so I've been more or less free to do whatever I want. The trouble is those teachers who take us too seriously... who enforce every little rule on every single student, when clearly none of us gives a shit anymore. What's the point of even showing up to class? APs are over, prom was last weekend, and it really doesn't matter what we get on our finals. Only thing left for us is graduation, and that's next week. Other than that, we've all gotten into college, we've done what they asked, now leave us alone. The bell's not set to ring for another twenty minutes or so, but I don't bother making the trip all the way back to the third floor. Not only because the most we do these days is play Jeopardy and watch Disney movies in foreign languages, but because I need to clear my head over Ms. March, and over the boys up there, who took things too far, once again. I can take a joke, believe me, but once people start making fun of shit they don't understand, that's when it stops being funny and starts getting personal. " So what'd Wes dump you for, anyway? Bennett thought it was the sex, cause Wes said that you used to cry all the time when you guys were doing it. You really couldn't take him, Agresti?" " Fuck. Off." " Ooh, she's mad now! You know, I'm not sure I agree with him, though. I said Wes just felt uncomfortable not being the man in the relationship. " That's when I hit him. It's stupid, because I really don't have a temper- swear it- and I'm pretty good at ignoring the slurs about the way I dress, or the lesbian jokes (which are so stupid, because people know who I've been sleeping with, and they aren't girls). Only when it comes to Wes do I really lose my mind. And unfortunately, I think people have started to notice. I'd be more worried if it wasn't the end of the year, but I only have six days left with these people and then I never have to see them again. Thank freakin' God. As I dry my face off, a motion in the mirror makes me jump. I assumed I was the only one in here. Then there's a click as the door unlocks and the creak of crutches being leaned on, and my face breaks out into a grin. "Gi! Are you kidding me?" I throw myself at her and pull her into a hug. She groans, but doesn't fight to pull herself away from me. "Where have you been? I literally haven't seen you since… since…" "April," she says, voice smothered in my shoulder. "Don't worry, I wasn't expecting you to visit me or anything." Shit. Gianna's been injured all spring- tore her ACL in her third game of the year- and I was supposed to take care of her after her surgery at the end of April. I did visit a couple of times (I'm not that horrible) but in all the craziness of AP exams, lacrosse playoffs, and final projects, I must have forgotten all about her. I pull myself away. "Oh, God. I'm sorry. I'm the worst. I don't know what happened." "Slipped your mind, I guess. It's okay. I'm just your sister." "I'm sorry, alright?" Seriously, the last thing I need is to be fighting with Gianna right now. "If there's something I can do now to make it up to you…" "Well, I'm almost okay to walk again, and I'm not all high on painkillers anymore, and I can pretty much get to all my classes on my own without anyone having to carry my bag. So there's not much." She crutches over to the sink and lets the water run over her hands. "Shit, Gi…" I grasp for any ideas, anything she'd want me to do. "Hey, how about this. This summer, right? I'll take you shopping as soon as we get out of school. Anything you want, it's on me. New phone, or swimsuits, or new volleyball shoes, or scarves and jewelry and shit for school next year. And I'll pay for a new school skirt, since I know your blue one is a mess." "Nice try," she says. "Mom ordered me a new one last month. Not that it matters, since this place is supposed to be closing after this year." I'd almost forgotten. Ever since that politician visited last week, rumors have been flying about the school's supposed closure. The general agreement is that he somehow found out about all the kids who died last year, and is shutting the place down for being too unsafe, but none of the teachers have said anything, and there's no real proof of any of it. "You don't think that's true, do you?" "Well, I don't know. Haven't you noticed that Ms. March has been really stressed lately?" "She's definitely being more of a bitch than normal, if that counts. But that could be something to do with her family. It doesn't mean anything." "Yeah, right. This place is her whole life. She's never had a husband, and she doesn't have any kids. It's definitely something to do with the school." I'm not convinced, but if Gianna believes it, I'm not really in a position to argue with her. Mostly because I'm on a slippery enough slope as it is. "I'll get you something else, then," I offer. "Or take you on a road trip somewhere. It doesn't matter where, you can pick." "I don't want to go on a road trip," she says, drying her hands, "and I honestly don't care about going shopping. You can't really make it up to me at this point, so why try?" "Look, I'm sorry-" "Forget it," she says, and lets the door slam shut behind her. I'm left standing in the middle of the bathroom, stunned. Well, fuck. This really has not been my day. Maybe I should just go back to bed… I finish drying my face, then head out to find the nearest stairway, trying to make it to my dorm. Halfway up the main staircase, I freeze. Anabel, Ms. March's appallingly vibrant secretary, is coming the opposite direction. But before I can spin around, hoping she won't notice me, it's too late. I do my best to feign a smile as she greets me, cheery and bubbly as always. "Chanel," she chirps. "How are you, dear?" "Fine. Just heading back up to class…" I make to pass her. "Oh, of course," she says, thankfully catching the hint. As much as I've come to hate her, I at least can appreciate that she's one of the only authority figures around here who doesn't just assume I'm always getting myself into trouble. "Glad you're keeping focused on your schoolwork, even when we're so close to graduation. You wouldn't believe how many students I've seen wandering the halls lately. It's like they've forgotten where to go!" "I can imagine," I mutter, and continue back up the stairs. Oh, Anabel. She gets on everyone's last nerve with her eternally perky attitude, but at least that's the worst of her. She's hopelessly clueless and so naive it's almost cute, if she wasn't twenty-nine years old. Gullible, too. That, all of us have agreed, is her finest quality. When Anabel is supervising, the students can relax, knowing even if she catches us doing anything suspicious, she'll be easily convinced otherwise. She is Ms. March's most trusted adviser, though, and as I reach the second floor landing, I pause, remembering my conversation with Gianna. Anabel may be an airhead, but she holds one of the central offices in this school. If there's anyone who will confirm the rumors