Disclaimer:Yet another story. Lord of the Rings. As I've said before, nothing belongs to me except the obvious original characters. The rest belongs to the genius mind of Tolkien. No money will ever be made from these writings. Just my warped imagination at work yet again, besides, I don't have anything, so you wouldn't get a dime. Enjoy the story. Eomer and his horse lords were making the daily rounds across the Ridamark when a cloud of smoke caught his eye. Just as the smoke caught his attention, a scout he had sent out came running toward him. "My Lord Eomer, there seems to have been an ambush over the hill." Eomer had a bad feeling about this, but he couldn't let these things happen on his lands. Urging his horse forward, he galloped toward the cloud of smoke. As the horsemen topped the hill, Eomer was shocked at what he had seen. He took three men with his and ordered the rest to stay on the hill to keep watch. Dismounting, Eomer handed his reins to the man next to him and squinted his eyes against the smoke. The armor that the men were wearing was that of Gondor. After waving his hand in front of his face to clear his eyes, a covered wagon came into view. Gondor still. A bright blue color came to view out of the corner of his eye. Pealing off his helmet he tilted is head as if that would give him a better view. He knew this person. Kneeling down he removed a piece of wood that covered a good portion of the person's body. In doing so he heard a painful groan. His breath caught in his chest when the face appeared. Aurora. She had an arrow in the upper left part of her shoulder and a deep gash on her right cheek that was still bleeding. But she was unconscious. "Bring me my horse!" Eomer yelled at the top of his lungs. Carefully, putting his arm under her neck and the other around her waste and raised her off the ground trying to cause her as little pain as possible. He swore he would find out who did this and make them pay. He glanced over his shoulder and his horse still had not been brought to him. "Bring me my horse dammit!" His angry voice brought the attention to his riders and one of them brought his horse as quickly as possible. While still, holding onto Aurora Eomer mounted his horse and cradled Aurora to make her as comfortable as possible. He turned to his men, "We've got to get back to Edoras as quick as possible." The horsemen were met at the gate by hoards of people. Eomer continued to ride up to the Great Hall. "I have an injured woman!" Eomer shouted. King Theoden came out of the Hall on the run along with the best healers Rohan had. Eomer dismounted after they had taken Aurora. "She has an arrow in her shoulder and a cut on her cheek." Eomer sounded so desperate. Why had this happened? His Aurora. He hadn't called her that in a long time. "Please help her." Eomer followed them into a room where they laid her on a bed of pelts and furs. One of the healers met him before he could reach her at the bed. "Eomer please, let us help her." He put a hand on Eomer's shoulder and directed him to the door. "Let me know immediately" "You'll be the first to know." The healer cut Eomer off and shut the door. Eomer stood outside the door as the recent events poured through his mind. Finding Aurora wounded and bleeding under the board and left his gut feeling like he had been slugged. That is not how he wanted to remember her. His thoughts left the previous and wandered to more pleasent ones. She was the most beautiful woman he would ever know. To this day even. Her blonde hair flew down her back. Her bold colors of Gondor made her stand out like a sore thumb along with the fire, she had inside. Her beautiful cream-colored skin, and her full lips . . . "Eomer!" King Theoden's harsh voice brought him out of his thoughts. "Yes my Lord?" "The Roherium is needed to finish the patrol. We need to find out if Edoras is in danger." Eomer nodded, and left the great Hall. All Aurora could remember was getting ambushed. It happened so fast, that there was nothing anyone could do about it. She remembered the wagon getting turned over and she going with it. She should have stayed in, but the arrow had been intended to kill her but it didn't. That's all she remembered before passing out. When Aurora's eye's opened her eyes, her surroundings weren't familiar. She' wasn't in Minas Tirith. That was certainly clear. The only thing she knew that was true was the pain she was in. Her left shoulder burned with pain from the arrow wound. Her right cheek felt awful. She couldn't even smile. As if she would want to. She used her right hand to prop herself up and take in more of her surroundings. The room seemed to be rustic. She had found herself laying on furs piled up. Aurora scooted herself to the edge of the furs and put her feet to the floor. It hurt like hell to push herself to her feet, but she wasn't staying in bed. Her attire was nothing to be desired. Also, her blue dress was missing. She was in a white dress that went all the way to the floor and her hair that fell down to the middle of her back was a mess. Looking around she found the door. Forgetting that she couldn't use her left arm, she reached for the latch. Big mistake. "Ow, dammit!" Aurora swore aloud. Tears brimmed her eyes as she lifted her right hand and opened the latch. Poking her head out and looking both ways down a hallway, she decided to go left. Maybe she could find something useful. After walking down the hallway for a little way, she figured out her whole body hurt. Trying not to think about the pain, she looked up and realized she was in a great hall. And there were four pairs of eyes staring at her. They were in brown cloaks and looked like they were probably healers of some sort. Aurora stood there froze, because she was standing in front of a bunch of men she didn't know, and she was in basically her bedclothes. "Miss. You shouldn't be out of bed." One of the healers stepped toward her and reached a hand toward her. Aurora stepped back, "Don't touch me." The healer was quicker than she and reached for her right hand and clasped on. "You need to be back in bed." He turned her and started in the direction of her room. "Get your hands of me right now!" The healer and pulled hard enough to jar her left shoulder, and pain shot through her and she fell against the healer. "You are hurting me! Let go!" "I'm sorry but you need to be in your room resting." He pulled harder. "You are hurting my shoulder!" Aurora would have punched him in the nose but she couldn't lift her left arm. By this time the healer had hold of her around the waste and was half dragging a kicking screaming Aurora down to the hallway. The only thing that saved her from passing out from the pain was, an all too familiar voice. "Let go of her at once!" A voice boomed through the great hall. The healer stared wide eyed at Eomer standing at the double doors. He released her and let her slide to the floor. The healer bowed his head as Eomer ran to Aurora's side. "My Lord, she's Gondorian. It wouldn't do the people good to know she's here. She tried to escape." "She is not a prisoner. She is not to be treated like one." Eomer looked up from the floor next to Aurora, "If you don't get out of my sight, you'll be the one that has to worry about healing." The healer stared at Eomer with hard eyes and then walked away. Eomer turned his attention back to Aurora who was staring at him with huge brown eyes as if she couldn't believe who he was. "Did he hurt you?" Aurora shook her head briskly, "No." Eomer held out his hand she he could help her up. Hesitating, Aurora held out her hand and Eomer grabbed her hand. But before pulling her up, he wrapped his other arm around her waste and raised her. Her brown eyes met his and all the feelings came swimming back to him. The feel of her body against his didn't help matters any. Aurora had the exact feelings Eomer was having. She could not believe she was at Edoras. "Thank... thank you." Well, he still made her stutter. "Let me get you back to-" "No, I'm not going back to bed. I want fresh air." Same old stubborn Aurora. "All right. Why don't we get you something to eat first?" "I would like that." Aurora glanced down at her clothes and looked back at Eomer, "I need some different clothes first." "I can round something up." Eomer found a dress that had belonged to Eowyn, his sister. "It isn't your usual bright color but I think it'll do." Aurora finished changing her clothes and met Eomer in the dining hall. The smell of food made her stomach growl. Reaching for a loaf of bread she tore off a piece and began chewing on it. "How did I end up here?" Aurora raised her eyebrows at Eomer. "I was out on patrol with my men and we found where you had been ambushed. I brought you back here. No one else made it." Aurora sat silently while she finished her bread. "I'm sorry." Eomer watched Aurora's eyes fill with tears. Even with the good sized gash on her cheek, he still thought she was beautiful. Eowyn had braided her hair and it showed off the smooth skin of her neck. Eomer couldn't believe himself. After what happened to her, he was thinking of her in . . . other ways. She needed time to heal. "I will send a rider to Gondor with a message of your troubles." Eomer watched Aurora's eyes avert from his and go to a banner hanging on the wall. "I'm sure that would be best." Her voice was soft and without emotion. "Your family would want to know that you are safe." Eomer nodded toward the ring on her left finger. "Your husband as well." Aurora dropped her hands to her lap almost embarrassed Eomer had seen the ring. Her eyes snapped back around and met his with anger, "I am not yet married." "I apologize. I spoke out of turn." Aurora said noting but continued to watch Eomer. "I would rather you would have spoke out of turn when my father came for me the first time." Eomer was hoping that subject would not have been brought up so soon. "I still have regrets to this day, what happened." "You broke my heart Eomer." Aurora stated firmly. "Like I said, I regret letting you walk out of my life and for the fact that I didn't get to explain." "We've got time." Aurora straightened and then winced when she moved her shoulder. "Explain." "Your father said that it would do you no good to be married to man of Rohan. And that he had promised you to another." "That's bull. He told me that you didn't want to marry me because I'm Gondorian and your duty to Rohan came first." "That for a fact is not true and you know that. But whatever you choose