Disclaimer: Well, here I go again on another story. When I have an idea it seems that I have to type it or I forget it. Just like any other story I write, if you recognize it, I don't own it. All original characters, I own. Don't get excited if something isn't perfectly right. That's why it's called fiction. Ok, now, enjoy the story. Brothers of Gondor Aurora was busy, like she was every morning, pruning and primping her rose gardens. In the stone world that she lived, being Minas Tirith, or the White City, the garden was the only color she had in her life. Her husband to-be, Boromir, Captain of Gondor had it built for her for an early wedding gift. Since her father had refused most things to her since she was not a son, Boromir decided that she needed some color and something she enjoyed. Roses. Aurora was always talking of having a rose garden of her own. Well, one day after Boromir had returned from patrols, he took her into the courtyard that had been secretly closed for some days, and surprised her with the beautiful yard. Only her father had scowled at it and said that there was no need for "frivolities." Aurora remembered Boromir saying something of the sorts about her father being . . . well . . . Boromir said he was lucky he wasn't executed for his words. While Aurora was busy picking out an assortment of roses for her and Boromir's quarters, she felt the ground shake. Aurora had to put her hands on the ground to make certain she wasn't hurled to the ground. She wondered what in the hell could shake a city the size of Minas Tirith? Getting to her feet as quickly as possible, Aurora ran from the courtyard and to one of the lookouts, not believing what she was seeing. How could Gondor's great armies miss this?! Out before her eyes, were hundreds, and thousands of Sauron's soldiers. Aurora stood in shock for a few minutes before it came to her, she needed to find Boromir. Running down the corridors in a long dress wasn't really easy, especially when she was dodging people running for their lives. The only other person she was able to find was Faramir, Boromir's younger brother. But that was only after she turned the corner and run straight into him, knocking herself to the ground. "My Lady, I'm so sorry. Are you all right?" Faramir was instantly bending down to help her up. "I'm fine Faramir." Aurora said releasing his hand. "Where's Boromir?" "He just sent me to find you." Aurora tried her best to follow Faramir through the running people and the pieces of flying stone pelting her in the face. Aurora could feel blood running down the right side of her face. When they finally found Boromir in the tower overlooking the total chaos below, Aurora jumped into his arms. "Aurora, I thought you'd been . . . " Boromir put her down on her feet and tipped her head sideways, "you are hurt." "No I'm fine." Aurora looked again down at the valley, the orcs seemed like tiny ants that were uncountable. "What do you want me to do? I can fight." Boromir looked down at her and his face hardened. "I know you can fight, but I have no doubt about that. But I need you to get away from Minas Tirith as soon as you can." Aurora barely let Boromir finish speaking, "Oh hell no. I'm not leaving you." Aurora looked back at him with anger filled eyes. Boromir took her by the shoulders, "Oh yes you are. If you leave then Sauron doesn't get what he wants. If he would get you, then . . . " Boromir paused, "I wouldn't be able to live with myself if something happened to you." "What about you?" Aurora pleaded, "Come with me then!" "No, I can't. I'll stay and fight. It's you I care about." Boromir took her by the hand and led her away from the others. "Faramir has agreed to take you to safety." "No, I'm not leaving!" Aurora was close to tears. "Not without you." Boromir nodded to Faramir who was soon standing behind her. "No! I'm not–" Boromir cut her off when he took her face in his hands and kissed her passionately. "You're a stubborn as hell woman but I love you with my heart and soul. Now if you want to do something for me, get on this horse and get out of here." Boromir handed the reins to Faramir, who quickly swung up on the horses back. "Come on My Lady, hurry!" Faramir held is hand out to her. Aurora looked up at Faramir and then back at Boromir. Turning, she ran straight into Boromir's arms again. "I love you Boromir. Please come back to me." "I will." Boromir reached under his shirt and lifted his Captain's medallion over his head and draped it back over Aurora's. "Take this. You can give it back to me when I see you again." Giving her one last kiss, he let her go. "Now get away from here." He hollered back to his Faramir, "Keep two eyes on her at all times little brother!" "I will!" Faramir shouted over the noise. Running back to Faramir and the horse, Aurora grabbed his hand and swung herself up. Grabbing a hold of Faramir's waist she turned and looked back at Boromir. He watched until they had disappeared out of the secret passageway. After what seemed miles of running as hard as they could, Faramir stopped the horse beside a stream in the forests outside of Gondor. Aurora slid off the back of the horse and dropped to her knees by the water. Cupping her hands she drank until she could drink no more. And washed the dried blood off her face. "Try not to drink so fast." Faramir warned her softly. "I wouldn't want you to cramp up." Aurora stood up and spun around on him. "Don't tell me something I don't already know." Aurora stood there staring at him with raging eyes. Faramir said nothing. He realized she had just been ripped from her home and family. She had the right to be pissed. Also, he wasn't Boromir. Aurora would probably never know how he really felt about her. To her he was known as Boromir's younger brother. He loved his brother with all his heart but, deep down he loved Aurora too. She'd never paid much attention to him, nor had she ever been real friendly with him. After Aurora finished boring her brown eyes through him, she brushed past him and started walking, back in the direction of the White City. "Where are you going?" Faramir shouted after her, and then followed her. "Stop!" This woman had always frustrated him. Now she was starting to walk faster. Finally Faramir caught up with her and caught her by the hand. "I said stop!" "Let go of me!" Aurora yanked her arm free. "I am going home. I will not walk away from my family at a time like this!" "Will you stop yelling at me?" Aurora was taken aback when Faramir's raised his voice at her. "I'm sorry." Faramir took a deep breath, "Boromir wanted you safe. I would want the same thing." Aurora paused for a quick second and the turned and started walking again. "I'm sorry Faramir, if you won't take me back then I'll find a way back myself." "I'm not letting you leave." Faramir grabbed her again. "Get your hands off me!" Aurora pulled back but Faramir didn't release her. "I said let go of me!" "I'm sorry I won't." Damn, this woman was strong. Faramir was going to do what he said he was going to do. He wouldn't know how to deal with Boromir, much less himself if something happened to her. Aurora tried her best to pull her hand free when Faramir's grip tightened. "I swear if you don't let me go-" "Don't threaten me. That's all you've ever done to me." Faramir had finally had enough. He turned and walked toward the horse, with Aurora in tow, kicking and screaming all the way. "If you don't stop hollering and screaming, I'll just let the orcs have you." "Oh, shut up Faramir." Aurora kept on pulling against his grip. Then while backing up, keeping tension on Faramir's grip, Aurora tripped backwards and somehow took Faramir with her. He lit right onto of her. For the first time since they stopped there was complete and total silence. Aurora didn't know what the hell to think, neither did Faramir. But Aurora couldn't believe she had never taken time to actually look into those beautiful light blue eyes of Faramir's. There was a gentleness that she had never noticed, not to mention his full lips that were inches from hers. Aurora mentally kicked herself. She couldn't believe she was thinking those thoughts. Especially about her own soon to be brother in-law. Faramir froze when he lit on her. Grinning silently to himself, he never thought he'd be in this position. Ever. Boromir would kill him if he'd seen this, and for the thoughts that were going through his mind at that very moment. Yep, his head would definitely go on the chopping block. After what seemed like eternity Aurora fidgeted and curtly said, "Would you kindly get off me?" "My pleasure." That didn't come out the way it should have given the circumstances. Realizing that he still had hold of her hand, he jerked her up to her feet, probably a little too hard. He let go of her hand after she was standing in front of him staring at him again. "Satisfied?" "Very." Aurora flipped her hair over her should and reached down and brushed a few leaves off her dress. Exhaling, hoping to start everything off on the right foot this time, "Now, if you would kindly get on the horse, we will be on our way. The quicker we get going again the quicker we can stop and rest again." "Fine with me. I'm only doing this because Boromir wanted me to." "Well, I'm doing this for Boromir also." Faramir stopped adjusting the saddle and looked back at her, "and for you. He's not the only one that wants to see you safe." Aurora stood there and stared at him with her mouth half open, because she had no idea what to say to him. Over the years, maybe she had been . . . a little mean to Faramir. But there was something in his voice when he had spoken to her that told her, she shouldn't be. Aurora stepped back and watched Faramir agilely mount the horse. Without saying anything to her, he held out his hand. Aurora reached for his gloved hand and pulled herself on the horse. Aurora wrapped her arms around Faramir's waist, and not a word was exchanged between the two until their next stop. Faramir scanned the next realm they had just entered, Rohan. With any luck they would be able to get through without any troubles. Aurora had been awake for along time, but he had felt her grip around him go lax, and her head rested up against his back. He held her up straight with one arm and rode with the other. Faramir knew that the relations between Rohan and Gondor weren't the best in the world, but maybe Rohan would realize their situation. Faramir moved his arm that was holding her up, and tried waking her up. "My Lady, it's time to wake up." "How many times have I told you to call me Aurora?" She tried to straighten her spine. It was hard to do on the back of a horse. "If it'll make you happy." "It would." "I need you to put on my cloak I have in the saddle bag.