This is my first fanfiction so, please, don't be too hard on me with the comments. I haven't read the PJO series, but I know the other characters like Thalia, Nico, Tyson, Clarisse and others thanks to the other fanfictions and Wikipedia. WARNING! I describe Grover, Percy and Annabeth's appearance like the actors from the movie PJOTLT (simply because I don't like their description in the books). I don't know the other characters appearance, and most of what I write about the places they go aren't true. This fanfiction is a year after TLO (In my fanfiction Percy and Annabeth NEVER kissed). Enjoy! Annabeth's POV: I was sitting in front of my PC, desining the new Mt. Olympus. It was 3:00p.m. and I was so concentrated that I couldn't even hear my new siblings fighting for…I have no idea. I just knew they were arguing about something. Yes, I have three more siblings: Keira, Lara and Alexander. They came to Camp Half-Blood last year. Keira is one year older than me, she's 18 and I'm 17. Instead, Lara and Alex (that's how we call him) are both 8, they're twins. Keira and I get along very well, everyone could see that we were sisters. She is always there for me and I'm always there for her. Lara, Alex and I get along pretty well, the only problem is that the two of them are very bossy with each other, and argue almost every day, and that, since Keira has a boyfriend, Mark, son of Hermes, and I didn't (Percy and I were very close friends, but we were still friends), it's always up to me to babysit my siblings while she has fun with Mark and their friends. By the way, I was so concentrated that I didn't hear any footsteps coming in my room. Suddenly I felt two fingers quickly grabbing me on both sides of my waist, scaring the crap out of me. Then Percy kissed my cheek laughing. "SEAWEED BRAIN! How many do I have to tell you NOT to make me jump like that while I am working?" I said. Percy laughed "Sorry Wise Girl, I just can't help it. You're face was priceless!"he said with a smile. I turned my chair to face Percy, but he walking towards Keira's guitar "Nice." he said picking it up. Percy sat on a chair and started to play a little tune "Since when, do you play the guitar?" I asked curiously, Percy stopped playing "Since I was 7. Since when do YOU play the guitar?" he asked smiling "Oh, Keira lend it to me."I answered "Ok, now I have to get back to work." "Annabeth, you work too much! Shut down that computer, and stay away from it until tomorrow!" "Was that an order?" "Yeah" "All right! But don't get used to it!"I said shutting down my PC. Then I layed on my bed with my head at the end of it, facing Percy who on the chair in front of me, and my feet right under the pillow. "Can you sing while you play the guitar? "I asked Percy "Yeah, sure. Wanna hear a song?" he said smiling "Yeah, why not?" I said "I sing at one condition." "And what would that be?" "That you sing with me." "No, I-" "I'll take that as a yes." he said smiling. Gods, I can't say anything when he does like that! Percy handed me a paper with the lyrics: " I Believe My Heart" by Duncan James & Keedie . "You planned to hear me sing, didn't you?" I said "Yeah, sort of" Percy answered. Then he started playing the guitar and began to sing. Wow, he could sing just like Duncan James. Then I sang along with him following the lyrics. When we finished singing, he put the guitar down and I turned facing the ceiling while reading the lyrics. "And you didn't want to sing! You sound almost like Seined O'Connor!" Percy said smiling. I turned my face towards him "Thank you." I said looking back towards the ceiling. Suddenly, Percy walked towards me and put his hands near my head on both sides, facing me upside down. "I think you should go out train a bit." He said "So do you" I answered smiling "I mean to train together" "Nah, I don't want to beat you in front of everyone." "Why don't we sing again tomorrow, right here." "As at the "Gods Welcome Dance",or as in this position?" "You know I'm not that kind of guy." "Somehow I don't find you very convincing" I said smiling, Percy smiled back, and I lightly pushed him away to get up. Percy went back to his cabin to get prepared for training and so did I. When I was ready, I went downstairs and saw Keira trying to separate my siblings "Annabeth! HELP! " Keira pleaded me "Alright. Alexander, stop bothering your sister. Lara, put that sword down." I said "He started it!"Lara said "That's not true! You stole my shield!"Alex replied "Lara, give the shield back to your brother and both of you go training." I said to my sister "But-" I cut Lara off "No buts. You kids go training NOW!" I said firmly. Lara gave Alexander his shield back and they both went training. "Poor kids! You are so cruel sometimes." Keira told me smiling "Did I exaggerate?" I asked her a bit worried. Lara and Alex were, let's say "fully" brother and sister. They were sent to Camp Half – Blood when their father died in a car accident, and when I was mad at them, they say that, strangely, I sound like their father. "No. But you were close." Keira answered me with another smile. "So, how are things going with Mark?" I asked her smiling "Good, and how are things going with… him? " she said with a smirk "Oh, things are…he…who's him, Keira?" I asked my sister "You know who. A cute guy with sea-blue eyes that is waiting for you at the-" I cut her off lifting my hand up telling her to be quiet. Slowly I walked to the door and suddenly opened it. The door bumped on Percy's head making him fall on the ground "Ouch!" he said massaging his forehead "That's what happens when you eavesdrop!" I said to him. Then I offered my hand to help him get up. Then we headed off towards the arena and started training. Percy had improved his fighting skills and, I thought I would have never said that, it was hard to fight against him, but in the end I won. After training, Percy walked me back to my cabin chatting about training, gossips over Grover and Juniper, Nico and Thalia and other stuff. When we arrived to my cabin we stayed silent for a bit, then Percy spoke "Are you coming to the Dance tomorrow night?" I thought a bit "Uhm… yes. Maybe" I answered. "I was wondering, if you would like to come to the dance…with me…as my date." He said. My jaw dropped for a second. I didn't know what to answer. Keira would have gone with Mark, and all the others were surely going, and probably I'd have to babysit my siblings. But then I made up my mind "Yeah…sur-" "Annabeth! Mark and I are going to the dance. You are on the "L.A. Duty" Keira said coming back to training (with L.A. Duty she meant "babysitting Lara and Alex). "Sorry Percy. I'd love to but I can't. Maybe another time" I said sadly to Percy. Shoot! I hate when this things happen! Percy looked a bit sad, but then he smiled "Well, if you change your mind, you know where to find me" he said then he hugged me and went back to his cabin. "Oops. Did I ruin something?" Keira asked me "No… OF COURSE YOU DID! Percy asked me to go to the dance with him, and now I can't because I have to babysit my siblings. For the…fifth thousand time!" I said a bit angry "You babysat them a lot of times, why can't you now?"Keira asked me "Because no one would baby sat me when I was 8, Keira! And because, the boy on which I have a big crush on, finally asked me to go to the dance as his date! So, EXCUSE ME if I'm trying to have my first serious relationship" I said, this time I was angry. Keira burst into laughter. "What's so funny?" I asked her annoyed. "You are defenatly going to the dance!" she said surprising me "Don't worry, Mark and I will babysit Lara and Alex. You're going to the dance." She continued. My face lighted up "You would do this for me?" I asked happily "What are older sisters for?" she said hugging me. I hugged her back then I felt two more arms hugging us. It was Mark and the only thing he said was that my face was priceless. Then I saw everything clearly. Keira said I had to babysit my siblings on purpose! She and Mark wanted to see my reaction! Gods, I'm a daughter of Athena! How could I be so stupid? I had the input to kick their butts for a second, but in the end I didn't, I just entered the cabin and went to my room. As soon as I "fainted" on my bed I was asleep. The next morning, I woke up around 6 o'clock. I put a violet T-shirt a pair of jeans and my armor, then I took my sword, walked out of the door and headed towards the arena. As soon as I got there, I saw Percy training alone. I thought it was kind of strange. Usually I go wake him up, but the thing which was even stranger, was that he wasn't doing any sword fighting, he was actually doing some martial arts. Since WHEN did he knew karate? I knew him since I was 12, why didn't he ever tell me he knew karate? I silently walked towards him and hid behind a tree to observe him. He wasn't wearing any shirt, just his blue jeans. He got tanned during this first month of summer and now that I saw him with no shirt, I could see clearly the small but Impossible-To-Heal-Completely "gift" left to him by Kronos but also that his muscles had grown a lot making him look like an Olympic athlete. He wasn't that muscular last year! He was hitting a scarecrow with advanced karate moves. It was kind of impressing the strength in his moves and the perfection of the technique. After a while, he charged his left punch and all of a sudden hit the scarecrow which almost flew away. I have to say I was a bit impressed. Then, he went to pick the scarecrow up and put it back to its place and prepared for a final move. Percy put the scarecrow back in its place, then he concentrated a second and lifted up his left leg charging it for the final strike. I couldn't believe my eyes, he lifted his leg making a perfect 90°angle with the ground, then he swiftly turned to the scarecrow and hit it form above making it brake. Ok. Where in Hades did he learn karate? And when? He had to give me some answers. "If you have to ask me something, just come over here" Percy suddenly said looking towards me. What the...how did he know I was here? I walked towards him and went straight to the point. "Where did you learn karate? And since when do you know it? It takes years of training to get to that perfection in the technique! When you came here you didn't even know how to handle a sword until you touched the water. Who taught you?" I said eager for him to answer "You should ask your