Set 19 years after TLO. All the same: characters movie version (except that I describe Percy like a mixture between movie and books), and LONG ONE-SHOT. Enjoy! Annabeth's POV: 17 years have passed since I broke up with Percy. We haven't kept in touch ever since. We broke up two years after we began dating, and two years later I had a son with Apollo. I now am a 35 year-oldwoman with a son named Leon, who just turned15years-old. Leon is the exact copy of me. He is already taller than me; he has brown hair and sky blue eyes just like mine. Every summer I send him to Camp Half- Blood. He trains really hard and I'm very proud of him. Leon already had his first real quest. He did once again all Hercules' labors, but he did them with his best friend. Annabelle Jackson, daughter of Hecate. This is really weird. Her name is so close to mine and her last name is like Percy's. What was even stranger was that she had long jet-black hair and sea blue eyes, just like Percy's, only a little bit brighter. I don't think she is Percy's daughter, though, because I would have surely met Percy again, since Leon and Annabelle were best friends. Anyway, this is pretty much what happened to me, I also became head architect for a famous architecture company in Manhattan, with two masters on the subject, one with the maximum grade, the other, I missed the maximum grade because, since I studied at home, I never went to class, so my ' lovely' professor, decided to ruin me by not giving me 1 freaking point because he never saw me in class! It was the last day of camp, and I was about to pick upLeon. As I arrived, many parents where at the gates. I entered and went to the Big House. As I arrived, I saw Leon and Annabelle practicing some salsa steps. Oh, I didn't mention that Leon and Annabelle knew each other since I sent my son to Camp, but since they began high school; they went to the same school and to the same dance school. What did you expect? Leon IS son of Apollo. Anyway, as I arrived, I saw them dancing on the field "How cute" I said as I looked at them, Leon and Annabelle looked at me and separated "Mom!" Leonprotested "I'm just saying!" I said raising my hands like in surrender. "Hey Annabelle! How are you?" I asked "Very well, Miss Chase" she answered "Is your dad picking you up as usual?" "Yeah, and as usual he's lat-" "He's right there!" Leon cut her off. Then they both grabbed me by the arms dragging me with them "Come on Miss Chase! I want you to meet my dad!" Annabelle said "Ok! Ok! You can let me go, I'm not running away" I protested, so both my son and his best friend let me go. I looked ahead of me, and saw a tall man, 1,90m probably, 10cm taller than Leon, he had jet-black hair and sea blue eyes. His eyes…how could I forget them? They were bluer than the Circassian sea. "Dad! Come here there's someone I want you to meet!" Annabelle said running to the man and dragging him by the arm "I'm coming! I'm coming! You can let go!"he said to his daughter. As we stood in front of each other, I was shocked. Percy Jackson was standing in front of me. "You don't remember me" I said smiling. Annabelle and Leon were smiling too "Of course I remember you" he said "You are Leon's mo-" "No. Here at camp. We've fought together every scariest thing this world could throw at us for 5 adventures…and you don't remember" "Of course I remember you! You're that annoying know-it-all of Annabeth Chase! My best friend! The heroine of Olympus! How could I forget you? " I laughed when he recognized me "Busted!" I said laughing "And you're the annoying Seaweed Brain, Percy Jackson. The hero of Olympus" "Yup. And it's good to finally see you again after 17 years" he stretched his hand, but as I grabbed it he pulled me into a hug.I hesitated at first, but then I hugged him back slightly smiling. I had missed him. I could stay like that forever, but when Leon and Annabelle cleared their throats, I realized it was enough hugging, so I pulled back. "I didn't remember you this tall!" I said surprised by his height. He smiled "I grew up a few centimeters after my seventeens" he said still smiling "Well, it was good to see you, again Percy" I said "Thanks to our kids, we'll meet again, and that's for sure. I'm not losing track of you again" he said. I blushed a bit as he said that "Leon, time to go home" I said "Annabelle, you too" Percy said, but as we turned around, I saw Leon grabbing Annabelle from behind and spinning her around, but then they fell on each other laughing. This time it was our turn to clear our throats. They saw us and Leon got off Annabelle offering her his hand to help her up. We said good bye once again, and I headed to the car and drove my son back home. "So, how was camp?" I asked Leon "The usual" he answered "Which is?" "The usual" I raised an eyebrow "Leon, I grew up at Camp. Nothing's 'the usual'" "Alright! It was good!" "Did-" "Yes! Ann and I had a lot of fun" "Whe-" "No, there weren't any quests" "Do-" "And yes, I can't wait to go back to school" "That's new! Why can't you wait to go back?" "Shoot me now" he muttered "Excuse me?" "No! I mean, I'm happy to go back because…" "Because?" "I can't wait to attend to another mythology lesson" Leon faked a smile "I'll pretend to believe that" "Thank you" he looked outside the window "Hey, I'm your mom. I know when you don't want to talk about something. I'll stop asking if you promise to tell me the real reason why you want to go back to school, later. Deal?" "Deal" I shook my hand with Leon and kept driving us back home. As we arrived, Leon went to his room, while I went in the living room and took out my laptop. While working on my laptop I heard Leon's phone ring "Leon! The phone!" I called. Leon came running downstairs and grabbed it. As he answered he became slightly red. I smiled at the view. Thalia once told me that Percy did the same thing when I called. That meant there was a girl on the phone. And I think I know who she was. "Our minds think alike!" I heard Leon say "Tonight?...8p.m? Sure!...Really?...Great!...Yes, she's here….I'll ask" Leon put a hand on the phone and turned to me "Mom" he called. I turned around "It's Annabelle. She wanted to know if we could come to her house tonight at 8p. have dinner with them" "Them?" "Yeah, Mr. Jackson is there too. I'd go" "I'm sorry, I didn't hear that the correct way" I stretched my ear "Can we go?" "You forgot something" Leon put on the puppy dog eyes "Please?" "Oh, well if you ask me with those pup eyes…alright" "Thank you" He turned back to the phone "Ann, are you still there?...We're coming…..yeah…..it'll be hard but I'll try…...yeah! I hope they do!...Haha! Yeah, you do that….don't worry, I'll take care of it…ok! Bye Ann!" and he hung up. "Why are you so excited?" I asked smirking "Oh, nothing!" he answered smirking back "What are you hiding Mr.? "Nothing mom" "Leon Chase, you're hiding something from me" "Oh, look! I's already 6p.m.! Mom, you have to get prepared!" Leon grabbed my laptop and put it on the table "Hey! I was working on that!" "Come on, mom! Work can wait! Now you pick an outfit, go to the bathroom, and get prepared for tonight" Leon said dragging me to my bedroom. "Leon! It's a normal dinner at a friend's house! Why are you so excited about it?" "For me it's a normal dinner at a friend's house. For you, mom, it's a dinner with your lost love" "Lost love? Aren't you a little too young to talk about this?" "I'm 15, I know what dating means." "Dating! We were 16! Last time I saw Percy was 17 years ago!" Leon pushed me into my room "So?" "Are you playing match-maker for me?" "Me? Playing match-maker? No!" "Then why do you want me to look pretty?" "Mom, just do what I tell you, for once. Plus, you two have some catching up to do" "Alright…but at 10p.m. we'll be home, you have school tomorrow!" "Yeah, yeah, I know! Now, we both go get ready. Bye-bye!" and he shut the door behind me. Ok…something's up. Annabelle's POV: "Yeah. What did your mom say?" I asked Leon on the phone "We're coming" he answered "Do you really think it may work?" "Yeah" "Tell your mom to put on something pretty" "It'll be hard but I'll try" "I just hope they'll break the wall separating them. After 17 years they probably built one" "Yeah. I hope they do!" "Ok, you know the mission. I'll tell my dad to at least try to be a mature man. You know how childish he can be" "Haha! Yeah, you do that" "Ha…anyway, you know what to do. Make sure your mom puts on something pretty." "Don't worry, I'll take care of it" "Good. Now let the operation BTW (Break The Wall) begin!" "Ok! Bye Ann!" "Bye Le!" and we both hung up. I was in the living room when dad passed by. "Hey, Annie! So, Leon is coming?" dad asked "Don't call me Annie and yes. Leon is coming and so is Miss Chase" I answered. My dad looked at me suspiciously "Are you by any chance playing match-maker for me?" "Me? No!" "You're hiding something from me Miss" "No! Why should I?" "You tell me" "Whatever! Oh, dad look! How time flays! It's 6p.m. already. Time for us to get ready and for you prepare dinner" I went to him and grabbed him by an arm to drag him to his bedroom, but he stayed still. I tried to push him, but dad stayed still "Gods dad! What did you eat today?" I said pushing him "Why do you want me to get ready now? It's early!" "Because we have to talk, and I want to choose your outfit for tonight. Plus, it takes me a while to get prepared, so I want you to get ready first" "Ok,fine" and he began walking to his room. I walked inside and looked in dad's drawer. I took out several shirts. Then I looked at my father. "Those jeans are good, but try on this shirt" I said handing him over a black button-up shirt. I turned around while he put on his shirt. Not because I was embarrassed to look at my dad when he was shirtless, I actually liked the fact of having a very athletic dad. I turned around because I wanted the surprise effect "Done" dad said. I turned around and looked at my fit dad giving him thumbs up, but then I had an idea "Wait a second dad" I said and using the magic powers I inherited from Hecate I made his shirt a bit skinny. "Why did you made my shirt skinny?" dad asked "Oh, I just like to show off my athletic dad" I said innocently "Yeah right, anyway, what did you want to talk about?" dad asked "I just wanted to ask you if could you try to be a little more mature than usual? I know it's hard for you, but could you at least try?" he laughed "Ok, I get it. Don't make silly comments