This is my new Fanfiction! Always the same stuff: LOOOONG one-shot and (of course) ENJOY! Review ! We were on the road again. We had just finished a tour of concerts, and it was summer time. FINALLY! We were still working though; we had to sing to…hey! I haven't introduced myself yet! It's me! Daughter of Athena, seventeen years old with long straight brunette hair that goes to mid back, sky blue eyes? Ring a bell? It's me Annabeth Chase! That's right! Maybe heard of me? No? Whatever! Anyway, I'm in a band named 'The Demigods' (yeah, very original) with my friends Thalia Grace, daughter of Zeus, Silena Beauregard, daughter of Aphrodite, Charles Beckendorf, son of Hephaestus and Grover Underwood, satyr. Since we are demigods, we can't trust anyone, so we changed our names: Thalia is Samantha Wolf, Silena is Ruby Stars, Grover is Jerry Stone, Beckendorf is Spike Adams and I'm Alex Light. We were heading to a Summer Village called Atlantis, to sing in the evenings. We were with our friends Bianca and Nico Di Angelo, daughter and son of Hades, Clarisse La Rue, daughter of Ares, Rachael Elizabeth Dare, oracle, and Sophia, my 7 year-old stepsister, in our bus. They don't sing or play. They stay with us for fan support. Anyway, I was in the bus waiting for my friends to come back when I heard someone screaming in the most girlish way ever. I took out my dagger and jumped out of the bus. "What's there? A monster!" I shouted "Don't worry Annabeth, it's Grover" I heard Thalia shout. I put my dagger back and walked where she was with our friends "What happened?" I asked "Nico shadow travelled behind him and made Grover trip on the three steps over here" Rachael explained. I looked at Grover who was checking on his wrist. "Seriously? Grover, not even Silena screams like that! (Except for a broken nail)" I said mumbling the last part "Hey!" Silena protested "You are the generic girly girl here, not me!" I said in defense. "Guys!" Grover interrupted "You don't have the second guitarist and singer anymore… broken wrist. Thanks a lot Nico!" Grover said. We shot death glares at Nico "What? I didn't know he would get so scared!" he said. Great! We don't have the second guitarist! "Ok, Thals, get the first aid. I'll call the village and tell them we can't come anymore" I said, Thalia nodded and went in the bus. As I called the village a guy answered the phone "Hello? Summer Village Atlantis. How can I help you?" the guy said "It's Alex Light, the singer of 'The Demigods', the band" I explained "Yeah?" "Jerry broke his wrist…I don't know how…sorry, we can't play anymore. Unless we find a substitute which we don't have" "Guess you're lucky this time" "Excuse me?" "It happens that I can sing and play the guitar. I can substitute your friend until you leave" "Yeah, that'll be great! Thank you, we'll be there in half an hour" "Cool, I'll be waiting. Bye" "Bye" and we both hung up. I walked to the bus where my friends were waiting. "Show will go on" I said as I got inside "What?" they all asked "The guy that answered the phone said that he can substitute Grover until we leave" I explained. They all cheered and we went to the Atlantis. As we arrived, I grabbed my guitar, song notebook and my bag. As we arrived, we saw that the Summer Village was HUGE. It had one tall building with two balconies and an attic (which is where our rooms would have been, probably). Then it had one smaller building where there was the SPA, gym, an outside pool (for who didn't like the sea, probably) and other stuff, but then there was an Hawaiian style building with the restaurant area that was right next to the beach. It was very crowded too. "Ok…" Bianca began "Where do we find your guitarist?" she asked. In that moment, we saw a sort of Adonis walking towards the entrance, shirtless. He was tanned and tall (1,87m probably…hmm…considering that I'm 1,73m…for me he was… NO! Annabeth don't think like that! ), he worked out (and we could see it well!), he had jet-black hair that was still wet since he was coming from the beach, and beautiful sea blue eyes. "It's him" Rachael said with her eyes wide open. The boys rolled their eyes "Girls…" Nico mumbled. The guy slipped a white buttoned-up shirt "It's him, I can feel it" I said staring at the guy. Weird…that's SO not me. I realized that the others were staring at me "What?" I said "Nothing" Thalia answered smirking. The guy walked inside and saw us "You're the ones?" he asked with a shiny smile. "Yeah, it's us" I said stepping forward with the others "Wow…it's really you. 'The Demigods' are standing in front of me" he said amazed "I believe you are a big fan of ours" Beckendorf said "Yeah, I love your songs" he said smiling "Anyway, I'm Percy Jackson. I'm the guitarist and singer you were looking for and the handyman here at my dad's" "Wait!" Nico said "Your father owes this place?" Percy bit his lip "Oh…yeah…I said that. Anyway, I know you all have art names so, you really are?" he said smiling at me "I'm Bianca Di Angelo and this is my brother Nico" said Bianca and they shook hands "I'm Clarisse La Rue" said Clarisse and she shook hands with Percy "You look tough" Percy said "I am the toughest person around" Clarisse replied "I believe we'll be good friends" he said "This is Grover Underwood, the second guitarist and singer, and I'm Rachael Elizabeth Dare" said Rachael in a flirty way. Percy smiled and they shook hands. "I'm Silena Beauregard, the keyboarder and chorister" she said offering her hand for him to kiss it "Charmed" Percy said kissing her hand. I sensed that Beckendorf was a bit jealous "I'm Charles Beckendorf, Silena's boyfriend and drummer" Beckendorf said glaring at Percy who just smiled "Don't worry, I don't steal girlfriends" he said "Plus, for me, there's only you, Charlie" Silena said making goo-goo eyes to her boyfriend "OK" Thalia interrupted "There's a lot of love in this room. Anyway, I'm Thalia Grace, the bassist and chorister" she said and shook Percy's hand. He noticed my sister next to me "Hello, there!" he said kneeling down to her "What's your name?" he asked with a smile. I could feel Sophia melting at that smile. Who wouldn't! "I'm Sophia" she said "Pleased to meet you Sophia. I suppose you two are sisters" he said "Yes, this is my big sister" Sophia said holding my hand. Percy then looked at me smiling and got up "And you also are the singer and guitarist" he said "Yeah, that's me" I said smiling back "Yeah, but since I don't know it, you have a name, right?" he said "Well, yeah. Annabeth, Annabeth Chase" I said and shook his hand. He had a strong but at the same time gentle hold. "Ok, follow me, I'll show you to your room." Percy said and walked towards the elevator, and we followed. As we arrived, we entered a corridor that led to several rooms. Percy gave us our keys and showed us our rooms "You can put your stuff in your rooms. I'll wait for you here because I have to show you where you can practice or record the songs" he said. I entered my room and dropped my bag and guitar. I walked to the window and saw the beach. I decided I would go for a swim after Percy showed us the record room, so I put my swimsuit on and put a t-shirt and shorts to cover it grabbed my guitar and came out. As I exit the room, the others were waiting for me "What took you so long?" Clarisse said. Percy turned around and his jaw literally fell on the ground. I noticed he was staring at my long legs "Percy, up here" I said snapping my fingers in front of his face. He 'woke up' and blushed a little. Then he took us to the top floor. The attic was huge. It was a loft and there was a dance floor, a record room, a stage and a bar. "We use the attic in the evenings as a disco or stuff like that and for special occasions like having 'The Demigods' singing live" he said with a smile "Wow" we stated. "Ok" I began "If you don't have anything to do now, we would like to hear you playing and sing with me. The singing thing is only to see how our voices sound together" I said, blushing a little. Wait! I don't blush for nothing! What's wrong with me? "Sure. Your instruments like the drums and the keyboard have already been taken up here. I'll go get my guitar" he said and left. "He likes you!" Thalia said in singsong way "Shut it Thals!" I said "He. IS. Hot!" Rachael blurted out. We all stared at her "What? Only because I can't date doesn't mean I can't judge boys' appearance!" she said. Right…she couldn't date…so it makes thing easy for me. Oh no! No, no,no,no! Annabeth, stop thinking like that! Luckily Percy came back with his guitar, and we headed to the stage to try a song "Do you know 'Terrified' by Zachary Levi and Kathrine McPhee?" I asked "Yeah. You wanna sing that?" he asked. I nodded and we started playing: (Bold +Italics-Percy. Underlined+ Italics- Annabeth. Bold+Italics+ Underlined- together. Go to my profile to listen how I imagine their voices ) You by the light Is the greatest find In a world full wrong you're the thing that's right Finally made it through the lonely to the other side You said it again my heart's in motion Every word feels like a shooting star I'm at the edge of my emotions Watching the shadows burning in the dark, And I'm in love and I'm terrified. For the first time in the last time In my only life. This could be good It's already better than last And love is worse than knowing You're holding back I could be all that you needed If you let me try You said it again my hearts in motion Every word feels like a shooting start I'm at the edge of my emotions Watching the shadows burning in the dark And I'm in love and I'm terrified For the first time in the last time in my only I only said it cause i mean it I only mean it cause it's true So don't you doubt what i've been dreaming Cause it fills me up and holds me close Whenever i'm without you You said it again my hearts in motion Every word feels like a shooting star Watching the shadows burning in the dark And I'm in love and I'm terrified For the first time in the last time In my only life Percy had a great voice. He sounded just like Zachary Levi. Our voices fused perfectly, much better than how my voice does with Grover's and Percy played fabulously well. He was definitely in. "So?" Percy asked "So? You're SO in!" I said. The others nodded and complimented him. Percy just smiled. As I headed to the beach with the girls, I saw Percy at the other end of the corridor " Are you girls heading to the beach?" he asked smiling "Yes we are" Bianca answered "Can I join you?" he said, although he already knew the answer. No, seriously. Who could be so stupid to refuse to go to the beach with an Adonis like him? No one! "Yes!" we all said. Percy just smiled and walked with us, (more like next to me). As we were walking, and talking,