This is my second Fanfic. Again: I DIDN'T READ THE PJO SERIES! This is pure fan made! The characters are movie- version. Enjoy! Annabeth's POV: "Annabeth, wake up! You'll be late for school!"my father shouted from downstairs. I lazily woke up and went to the bathroom to get dressed. I put a violet T-shirt, my blue jeans and a pair of trainers. When I got out of the bathroom, I went downstairs to my dad. He was having breakfast with my stepmom and my stepbrothers. I was tired. I still had jet-lag from the trip from San Francisco to Manhattan. I just moved here with my family and I will be the school's "new girl"…again! As I sat down with my family for breakfast, I looked at the clock. It was still 7:30! "Wake up Annabeth; you'll be late for school!" I said imitating my father and he stuck a piece of pancake on my forehead "Dad!"I said taking the pancake off me "First of all I don't sound like that! Second, you will walk to school and talk to the principal yourself, since you said I do embarrassing comments" my dad said "Dad, that's what you did since I was in kindergarten. I'm sixteen now, I can do things on my own. I just hope Goode High School will better than the other schools" I said. My dad smiled. I finished breakfast and got my jeans jacket. "I'm outta here. Bye" I said to my family and went to school. I arrived at school at 7:50 and waited at the entrance for the bell to ring. A lot of people came by and the entrance field was soon crowded. I decided to take a walk around the building. The school was beautiful. I kept walking until I bumped in a tall big guy (probably the rugby team) "Hey! Watch where you're going you…" he looked at me "hello pretty girl!" he said smiling. I already understood the type of guy he was: the playboy type cute but stupid. "Don't you 'pretty girl' me!" I said. Who did he think he was? I didn't even know him and he already flirts. I walked away from that guy but he grabbed my arm and turned me around "Listen up you! I am number 1at Goode and everyone respects me! You will respect me as well if you don't want any trouble ok, English girl?" he said holding my arm. I pulled away "I don't care if you are school's number 1 and that people respect you. They do that just because you threaten them or for pity. If you want MY respect, you'll have to earn it" I said to the big guy, I took two steps and turned around "And, for the record, I'm Californian" I said and the bell rang so I went to the principal. Mr. Castellan was working on his computer so I knocked on the door "Hello! Can I help you?"he said "Yes, I'm Annabeth Chase, the new student. I was wondering if I could have my schedule" I said. Mr. Castellan gave it to me "This is your schedule, go look for Thalia Grace, she'll show you around. Welcome to Goode High School!" Mr. Castellan said. I shook his hand and went to the hallways looking for this Thalia Grace. After a while, I saw a girl with dark hair and electric blue eyes. "Excuse me!" I said to the girl "Hey!"she greeted "Are you Thalia Grace?" "Yes. You're the new girl, right?" "Yes, I'm Annabeth Chase. Mr. Castellan told me that you could show me around" "Yeah, sure. Follow me" we started to walk "So, do you like Goode so far?" we chatted while she showed me around. Suddenly I bumped into a guy and all our books fell on the ground "Sorry, I didn't see you" he said "It's ok. I'm sorry, I didn't look where I was going" I said picking up my books with the guy helping me. We both lifted our heads and bumped our foreheads "Sorry" we said together. We let out a little laugh. Then we finally lifted our heads and looked at each other in the eyes. He had sea-blue eyes and jet-black hair. We both stood up at the same time staring at each other (that's weird). As he stood up, I could see him better. He was taller than me, he was like 1,82m and I was like 1,73m", he wore a black skinny T- shirt and blue jeans and he was a bit muscular (swimming team probably). He kept looking in my eyes and I kept looking in his "I haven't seen you here before. Are you the Californian girl?" he asked "Yes, I'm new here" "Percy Jackson. Nice to meet you" "Annabeth Chase. Nice to meet you too" "So, uhm…here's your schedule" he gave me back to me "Oh, thank you" "I saw we have most of the classes together" "Really?" I said in a high pitched voice. I cleared my throat and repeated my question "Yeah, so…I'll see you around" he said tuning back and giving me a shiny smile. I smiled back and kept looking at him. He turned back again and gave another smile. I smiled and lightly waved my hand. "Oh-ho!" Thalia exclaimed smiling "What?" I asked "Nothing " "Whatever! Can you tell me more about him?" "As he told you, that's Percy Jackson: he is my cousin, he's the swimming team capitan, he is the second most popular guy in school, and a lot of girls refer to him as a 'complete hottie', but evidently nobody here is worthy!" Thalia smirked "Apart from you" I looked at her "What do you mean?" "He kept staring at you. He never stared at Rachel or anyone in her crew like that" I smiled and we both went to class. I had Art at first period, so I entered class but I was a bit late since Thalia showed me around. "So, this part of a column is a…Hello Miss Chase!" the teacher said as soon as she saw me "I am Mrs. Blacks, your Art teacher. Class, this is Annabeth Chase our new student and she is going to join us during our periods. You can take a seat in front of Mr. Castellan." Mrs. Blacks said pointing to the guy I met outside of school. Not him again! "Hello pretty girl" he greeted "I believe I told you not to 'pretty girl' me" I snapped back "Luke, don't be rude, Annabeth sit down please." Mrs. Blacks said. Luke had been bothering me for the whole time! Thank Gods Art is over! I would have enjoyed it if Luke stopped throwing paper balls at me. I had Greek as next period. As I entered the classroom, Chiron was there as Mr. Brunner. He greeted me and introduced me to the class "Annabeth, you may sit next to Mr. Jackson" I looked to the class and Percy was giving me a wide smile, so I went to the end of the classroom and sat next to him. "Hey" he greeted "I told you we had some classes together, so how was Art?" he asked "I would have enjoyed it if Luke Castellan didn't kept throwing paper balls at me" I said "He did that? Follow my hint, stay away from him. He's the school's bully. And thinks he can do everything he wants just because his father is the principal" Percy said "I agree, but aren't you saying this because I heard you are number 2?" I asked with a smirk "It's possible" he answered smiling. Mr. Brunner started his lesson on Greek Mythology and we talked a bit and listened to the lesson. I felt Percy's eyes on me for the entire lesson. I turned around a couple of times, and he didn't bother turning his head, he just kept looking at me. Lunchtime finally arrived. I walked to the cafeteria. Thalia was already sitting and she waved at me telling me to join her, as soon as she saw me. I sat next to her. "So, you don't mind Percy staring at you" she said smiling "What?" was my intelligent answer "Don't play dumb with me. I saw you at Greek and English. Percy was staring at you for the whole time and you didn't say anything" "Maybe he was just daydreaming" "It's a possibility, but I don't think so" "What you don't think so?" a boy with black hair and eyes said. Thalia smiled. "Annabeth, this is Nico Di Angelo; Percy's cousin and mine" Thalia said. Quickly others joined us "Thalia where are your manners. Introduce us to your new friend" a boy with crouches said. "These are Bianca Di Angelo, Grover Underwood, Clarisse La Rue and Silena Beauregard. Guys, this is Annabeth Chase." Thalia introduced. As they sat down, Bianca continued the conversation her brother interrupted "So, what don't you think so?" she said "That Percy wasn't daydreaming and was staring at Annabeth for two periods" Thalia said, I blushed. They all exchanged looks "I barely know him, I talked to him only twice and I met him today!" I said defensibly. "He never stared like that at anyone!" Clarisse said "Who never stared at anyone like what?" Percy said and sat next to me. The others giggled. Percy and I exchanged looks "What were you talking about?" he asked me "Nothing" I answered. Percy rolled his eyes. We began to chat getting to know each other better. Clarisse was a tomboy, but she was cool. Bianca was a very calm and patient girl, since Nico, her brother, was a very funny and clumsy guy. Grover was Percy's best friend and he was a very funny as well. He always had jokes ready to cheer us up. Silena was a generic girly girl, but in a good way, she wasn't the type of girly girl who tells gossips to everyone, only to us. She was cool by the way. Thalia...what can I say…we were already best friends. She was awesome: cool, funny, encouraging and a trustworthy person. Percy…uhm…I don't know. He was really quiet for the whole time. Once in a while I could feel his sea blue eyes on me and even if I turned around, he didn't bother to stop looking at me. I didn't understand his personality yet, but it looked like he was trying to hide who he really was. After a while Thalia blurted out with an idea "There's a party at Beckendorf's Friday night at 8:30p.m.! Why don't we go too?" she said. Everyone agreed, but Silena was quiet "Come one Silena! You eventually have to give him a chance!" Percy said. Silena was quiet "I know he likes you" Percy continued "No he doesn't! He likes a girl from Rachel's crew!" Silena was getting angry. Percy let out a small laugh "You serious?" he said raising an eyebrow "Yeah! Come on! Tease me all you want! You don't know how it feels to see the person you like ask someone else out!" Silena was about to cry. Percy laughed "Silena… Beckendorf never asked anyone out. He was practicing!" Percy said. Silena's eyes lit up a bit "How do you know?" she asked. Percy smiled "Gods, you can be really stupid sometimes! I was there! I told him to practice with someone!" he said. Wait! Did he say 'Gods'? "Percy!" they said glaring at him "It's ok guys…I'm a demigod too" I said. Their eyes widen. I told them my mother was Athena, and they told me their godly parent. Thalia: daughter of Zeus; Nico and Bianca: daughter and son of Hades. Silena: daughter of Aphrodite. Clarisse: daughter of Ares. Percy…son of Poseidon. Percy and I looked at each other with a weird look. He was the son of my mother's most hated god. Could we even be friends? Percy smiled to me and I smiled back; he answered 'yes' with