Hey guys! This is my new fanfiction! It is an AU. Review and send me some tips for further stories. This is my first (and maybe last) dramatic fanfiction. This was really hard to write, because this is not me. I'm more on the romance/humor stuff. Enough blabbing! Enjoy! (Characters: Movie – version. Percy has only his face, movie version; his other features are book version) Annabeth's POV: After a long summer, I headed back to school. The school's field was full of students. I was walking on the field, when I spotted a girl with spiky black hair, electric blue eyes, and a punk look. I knew immediately who she was. It was no other than my best friend, Thalia Grace. Beside her stood a boy with sandy blond hair and blue eyes, with no punk look. It was Luke Castellan, her boyfriend. As they turned around, they saw me and a wide smile appeared on their faces "Annabeth!" Thalia shouted and ran to me hugging me "Hey, Thalia!" I said hugging her. We haven't seen each other for the whole summer! As we pulled away, I couldn't say anything else because in that moment, I've been tackled by Luke who grabbed my neck with his arm and messed up my hair with the other, making my bag fall in the meanwhile. "Hey, Annabeth! How's my little sister?" he asked messing my long straight hair. Let me get this straight. Luke is not my blood-related brother, but he, Thalia and I have been friends since kindergarten, so he is practically my 'long lost brother'. "Luke! Stop messing up my hair! It took me a while to comb it!" I said trying to get out of his grip. He stopped messing my hair but kept me in his grip "Did you do something to your hair? It's not the same brunette color" Luke said "It's the sun that makes them a bit lighter! They'll be back to normal shortly" I explained "Let me GO!" I said smacking his arm "Maybe no" Luke joked "Luke, let her go" Thalia said "Alright! Just because my lovely girlfriend asks me" Luke said dropping me, and I fell on the ground "Thanks, Luke" I said sarcastically "You could have let her go on her feet, you know?" Thalia said to her boyfriend "Sorry, I got distracted. It's not my fault if I have a beautiful girlfriend" Luke answered "Stop being romantic!" "Why?" "How cheesy can you get during the year, if you are already so romantic on the first day?" "A lot, sweetheart. A lot" "Oh, please! Could you two just take it outside?" I said interrupting the utterly cheesy conversation in front of me, while I swung my bag on my shoulder again. "You know, you should really get a boyfriend!" Thalia said. I just rolled my eyes and was about to walk inside when someone tackled me in a hug lifting me up "Annabeth! How are you?" she asked "Clarisse! Air!" I said as she put me back on my feet. Clarisse and I also are great friends. We went to school together, from the last two years of primary school till now. "I'm fine, and you?" I asked "Good!" she answered. After talking a bit with Thalia and Luke, we entered the building. "ANNABETH!" someone squealed behind me "Hey, Silena!" I greeted before hugging my friend. Behind her were standing her boyfriend Charles Beckendorf and the Di Angelo siblings, Nico and Bianca. He hugged me, then he hugged the others. "You know there's a new kid?" Silena asked "Yeah…he's our cousin and Thalia's" Bianca said with a serious face. We all looked at them "You three have a cousin?" I asked almost shouting "Yeah…" Nico said serious. Luke and I looked at Thalia, who was looking at her toes "Why didn't you tell us?" Luke and I asked her "We found out two weeks ago!" Thalia said. Ok…this is serious. "What do you mean?" Silena said "Ask Nico and Bianca" Thalia said. We all looked at the siblings "Three days ago…our father, Hades, received a letter from Uncle Zeus, Thalia's father" Bianca explained "Your father is back?" Beckendorf, Luke and I asked together "Not yet. But, he is indeed coming back from an old mission the Aeronautic gave him years back and forced him to leave…so, I'll see him again soon" Thalia explained, then a smile appeared on her face "I'm exited! Last time I saw him, I was 6! I can't wait to see him again!" Thalia said. I smiled and patted her shoulder "I'm happy for you, Thals" I said smiling. "The story is not over yet" Nico said. We turned back to him "There was more written on the letter" he began "It also said something about his other brother, Poseidon-" "Is your family obsessed with Greek Mythology?" I interrupted "Yeah, a lot! Thalia is named like one of the Muses and dad wanted to name Nico: Tiresia, and name me: Cassandra" Bianca said "Who stopped him from naming you that?" Clarisse asked "Thank our mother" Bianca answered "Anyway" Nico resumed "His brother, who was in the Navy, is dead" "Oh, guys we're sorry! How did it happen?" Beckendorf asked "It said he was killed in an accident at sea, while he was on a mission he was given years ago, or something like that. Don't be sorry, though. We never knew him. Anyway, he had a son, named, I think… Perrius? Perdeus? Perxeus?" "It's Perseus , stupid!" Bianca corrected smacking her brother in the back of the head. Nico rubbed the back of his head "I knew that! He's named Perseus , and he's coming to our school. But we don't know him very well. We met once, and he's…uhm…weird? I don't know" Nico said "He's almost a vegetable" Bianca said "You can say that. When you talk to him, he doesn't listen to you, he never smiles. Hades said it is because something happened recently, other than his dad's death" Thalia said "The letter also said that he's an emancipated. But since he had family, he could decide if he wanted to move in with us or with Thalia until he turned 18. That's why we met him" Bianca explained "What did he say?" I asked curiously "He refused move in with either of us" Nico said. In that moment the bell rang so we headed to class. As we entered, I sat down at my usual seat only that this time, Clarisse sat next to Chris Rodriguez, since he made goo-goo eyes at her asking her to sit next to him. So, since Clarisse, oh-so likes him, she sat next to him; so the seat, next to mine, was now empty. As Miss. Artemis Sunlight came in, she greeted us "Morning, class!" "Good morning, Miss Sunlight!" we said in chorus "We have a new student with us! He's a singer! Mr. Jackson, don't be shy, please come in!" Miss Sunlight said. In that moment, the new kid came in. He was tall, about 6'1", athletic and by what his arms showed, he was kind of muscular, like Zac Efron. He wore a black skinny V-neck t-shirt, blue jeans and black vans and he had a black shoulder strap bag. He was kind of good looking. He had jet-black hair that fell a bit on his eyes, but what mostly caught my attention, where his eyes, indeed. They were blue, but not just any blue, they were bluer that the Ocean's waters, bluer that the Circassian sea. I heard a couple of 'oooh's by, guess who? Rachael's crew! The most popular girls in school, well, Rachael was! They where only her followers. I just rolled my eyes and went back to Miss Sunlight "So, this is Percy Jackson. He will join us in our Greek lessons. Mr. Jackson, please take the only seat left next to Miss Chase" Miss Sunlight told him. The new kid nodded and sat next to me. I heard a couple of groans from Rachael's crew, but simply ignored them. As Percy sat next to me, I didn't want to be rude, so I introduced myself "Hello, I'm Annabeth Chase" I said offering him my hand, he took it and shook my hand "Percy Jackson" he introduced. As he shook my hand, I felt sparks go up my arm, but ignored it, then I noticed that neither of us had let go of each other's hand, yet. We looked at our hands, then awkwardly let go and listened to the lesson. Wow, Bianca wasn't exaggerating when she said he was vegetable like. I had him sit next to me at almost every class and he was really silent. We talked only if he didn't know some information about school, but after that, we wouldn't talk. I tried to talk to him once in a while, only to be welcoming, but he would just shrug or give me very general answers, so I gave up pretty soon, seeing he didn't want to talk. I was sitting next to Jackson at calculus. I was listening to the teacher when I heard a vibration. I looked at Percy and saw him take out his iPhone and read something that I didn't really figure out because I'm dyslexic, and I didn't really care much, I was just curious. "Are you done minding my business?" Percy asked bitterly, knocking me out of my thoughts. "I was just distracted by your phone" I said defensively "Since you're so interested in my phone, what does it say, then?" he said in a bitterly tone. "Why asking? Can't read?" I retorted "Excuse me if I'm dyslexic!" he snapped back. I just stayed silent, a bit surprised by his answer. I turned back to the lesson and remained silent. After a couple of minutes, another vibration was heard. I looked back at Percy, and saw that he was reading another message, and began to silently answer it "You should shut it down, you know?" I asked "You should mind your own business, you know?" he snapped back "Well, that was rude" "Then stop being nosy" "You know, I was having a good day before talking to you" "You know, I never have good days" Then he sent the message and we both got back to the lesson. After a couple of minutes, Percy started tapping his foot nervously making the desk shake while I was trying to do a neat hexagon "Could you stop tapping your foot, please? I'm trying to draw here" I said annoyed "Sorry, AD- I mean…nothing. Sorry" he said and stopped tapping his foot. Weird… As the bell was about to ring, Percy put all his stuff in his bag except for his notebook. Then as the bell rang, he quickly closed the notebook, got his strap bag and hurried out of the classroom stuffing his notebook in the bag. I just sat there. Shocked by his reaction. Did he already decide he didn't want to have anything to do with me, only for some bickering? Monday again. It's been a week since the new kid came, and it's been a week that he didn't come back to school. I was in class as usual, and was reading a book, or at least trying too "I'm offering you lunch!" Clarisse said as she passed by to get to her seat. I shook my head "I'm not passing you any test!" I answered "Oh, come on! Why?" she whined "I'm still feeling very offended for you ditching me for Chris" I laughed a bit "You're laughing! You don't feel offended!" "Yes, I do!" "No, you don't!" "Alright! Fine…I'll think about it" "Annie, you're the best!" "Ok, you just burned your chance to get the test by calling me Annie" "Oh, come on!" "Girls look! Edward Cullen is back" Silena said pointing at the door. I looked up from my book and saw Jackson at the door, with his