Percy Jackson and the Olympians: The Lighting Thief. My version of the movie. I'll skip the Poseidon/ Zeus quarrel. It's not very interesting. So…Enjoy! Xx The Pool xX "And he's alive!" Grover said with a laugh and clapping his hands. He handed a towel to his friend Percy "How long was that?" Percy asked "Seven minutes" "Seven minutes?" "That's crazy man, how do you do it?" "I don't know, I just like being in water. It's the only place I can think." "About the girl in your dream?" "Also. It's been a while I've dreamed her" "What did you dream about?" "Nothing, normal dreams only that, there is this girl that follows me. She only said to me to ignore her, to pretend she's not there, but she is always following me. Like if she is supposed to keep an eye on me" Xx In the Hall way xX Percy and his friend were walking in the hallway, while two guys were fighting behind them "Everyday the same old stuff! I'd rather be underwater everyday!" Percy said "Yup! It's like high school without the 'Musical'! Let's go" Grover answered Xx In the Classroom xX The teacher finished to write: I understand the Fury in your words, but I don't understand your words by Othello "Does someone know the meaning of these words?" Mrs. Dodds asked "Percy Jackson?" she said. Percy looked at the words, but they began to circle around "Sorry, I don't know" he said ashamed. He hated being dyslexic. Xx At Home xX "Mom I'm home!" Percy said as he entered the apartment "Hey honey! How was school today?" Sally asked "The usual. I think my dyslexia is getting worse" "What makes you think that?" "I don't know. I only know I can't pay attention. I thought things would have been better in this school. I also had this dreams with a girl I don't know in them following me everywhere I go" "Someday it'll all make sense" "When? Tonight? Tomorrow? When?" In that moment Gabe, Sally's husband came in the room "Woman!" he called "Where's my beer?" he demanded "In the fridge" Sally answered "What kind of answer is that! Is it supposed to magically come out of the icebox and into my hand?" Gabe said. Sally went to the fridge and Gabe patted her butt laughing "Could you please not do that? We're in a kitchen!" Percy said disgusted. Meanwhile Sally opened Gabe's beer, and went back to what she was doing "Yeah, real charmer you got there" Percy said to his mom and turned back to Gabe "Show some respect. That's my mom right there" he continued. Gabe got up and went to Percy pinning his head to the wall "This is MY house. You show some respect" he said and left the room "Please" Percy mumbled "Why do you stay with that pig? He smells like a sewer! He sleeps till noon every day and can't even hold a job! Why do you stay with him?" Percy said to his mom "He's been very helpful to us in a way you can't understand yet" Sally answered "You're right. I don't understand! I don't get it!"he said and went to the balcony. He couldn't understand why his mom stayed with Gabe. He couldn't understand why she married him when Paul Blofis, a teacher from his school, and other nice and respectful men were courting her. Percy hated Gabe and all he wanted was to kick him out. Xx Outside the Museum xX Percy and Grover where going up the stairs when Percy heard a voice in his head "Be prepared. Everything is about to change, Percy. Everything is about to change" the voice said. Percy looked around and saw a man with red hair and blue eyes staring at him. As a bus passed the man disappeared and Percy went inside Xx In the Museum xX At the museum, Mr. Brunner, was explaining the Greek Olympian Gods. As Mr. Brunner explained, Grover went to photograph Aphrodite's statue "Those are defenately plastics" he said observing the statue's boobs "Grover, show some respect to the Gods" Mr. Brunner said giving Grover a sign to give him his cell phone. The teacher observed the picture and showed it to the class "What does this tell us about Grover?" he asked "That he's a pervert?" a girl said "Maybe" Mr. Brunner said "Anyway, in some occasions, the Gods would come to the earth and…how can I say it?" "Hooked up?" Grover proposed making everyone laugh except Percy who wasn't listening "Hooked up with mortals. The children of these Gods where half human and half Gods. Percy, can you tell me the correct term for this offspring?" the teacher said Percy wasn't listening so Grover lightly hit him with his elbow. Percy took his headphones out of his ears "Oh, I'm sorry. What Mr. Brunner?" he asked "What is the correct term for the union of a mortal and a God?" Mr. Brunner repeated "Demigod" he answered "Correct. Many of them became heroes. Like Hercules and Achilles, can you name another one?" Percy shook his head "I'll give you a hint. You have something in common" Percy looked at the inscription behind the teacher. The Greek letters began to circle to form a sentence that said: Perseus defeats Cetus "Percy…Perseus?" "Exactly" and Mr. Brunner went back to the lesson. Miss. Dodds came near Percy "Percy, we need to talk" she said "Ok" Percy answered and followed the teacher in a room. "Did I do something wrong?" Percy said, but the teacher disappeared "Where is it?" the teacher said on top of a platform "How did you get up there?" he asked surprised. The teacher roared and transformed in the fury Alecto. "Give me the Master Bolt" Alecto said lifting Percy up "I don't know what you're talking about!" Percy said freaked out "Let him go!" Mr. Brunner yelled "YOU!" Alecto said surprised "Let him go or I swear I will tear you to pieces!" he threatened. Alecto let go of Percy and crashed throw the window to get out "I'm going crazy! I need a doctor!" Percy said hyperventilating "Percy calm down! It's gonna be all right" Grover said "Did this just happened? THAT THING WAS REAL?" Percy said. Mr. Brunner mumbled Grover to take Percy to a camp "Go to Camp and meet up with Annabeth. She'll wait for you there. And keep a close eye on him" the teacher said to Grover "What Camp? And whose Annabeth?" Percy demanded "Shut up and take this to defend yourself, it's a powerful weapon. Use it only in times of great danger" said Mr. Brunner handing Percy a pen "This is a pen. It is a PEN! What am I supposed to do with this!" Percy said as he followed Grover outside. Xx Outside the Museum xX "What's going on?" Percy demanded "Look, don't trust anyone okay? Don't look at anyone in the eyes just keep walking" Grover said "Why did Mr. Brunner tell you to keep an eye on me?" "Because I'm your protector" "Wait, what! My 'protector'?" "What? Just because you see me with crouches doesn't mean I can't protect you. I would give my life to secure yours" "What are you talking about? What' going on?" "Look we have to go tell your mother" and with that the boys headed to Percy's house. As they arrived, they saw Gabe playing cards with his friends and Sally serving beer. "Sally, Percy has to leave, NOW" Grover said to her as they entered "Hey can't you see she's services me and my friends over here" Gabe said "Hey, don't talk about my mother that way you bald headed freak" Percy said and Gabe pinned him to the wall. Grover stomp Gabe's foot and hit him in the manly area with his crouches after that, Percy, Grover and Sally headed to the Camp. Xx On the way to camp xX Sally had told Percy the entire story about his father during the trip, to let Percy know his true identity. She told him that his father was unlike any other guy she had met, he was very dazzling "Their always dazzling" Grover commented while Sally was narrating. Sally added that they were very much in love, and when Percy was born, their lives were perfect, but his dad had to leave "So, dad did left us" Percy said "No, he loved you very much! Leaving you was probably the most difficult thing he did" she said. They were getting closer to camp, they couldn't possibly know that something and someone, were observing them. "Why did he have to go?" Percy asked "Because he is-" "SALLY WATCH OUT!" Grover yelled as a cow fell in front of them. Sally turned the car too late and it flipped over and crashed to the ground upside down "Mom, you alright?" Percy asked as the car stopped "Yeah" Sally answered "Grover, you all right?" he asked "Is it me or is it raining cows?" Grover answered. Percy looked outside the window, and saw a huge monster outside that was already near them. They all shouted from inside the car as the monster raised his fist to hit them. Suddenly, a girl came running, and hit the monster on the leg with a dagger. The monster roared in pain and dragged his attention on the girl. "What are you waiting for Grover? Take him to camp NOW! I'll hold back the Minotaur to give you time to get there" she ordered. Percy couldn't see her face because she was wearing a hood, but her voice sounded familiar. In that moment, Grover took his pants off "Why are you taking your pants off? What are you doing!" Percy said "My job Percy" Grover said as he revealed a pair of woolen legs with hooves "You're half donkey?" Percy exclaimed "I'm half goat" Grover said and crashed open the car window. "Watch out, there's glass" he said as the three of them got out of the car. The mysterious girl was fighting the Minotaur. She looked if Percy and the others were far enough, but the monster hit her with the back of its paw and she crashed on a tree, then the monster ran after Percy, Sally and Grover. As the Minotaur arrived, Percy was trying to drag him mom inside the borders of Camp Half blood "I'm not leaving without you!" Percy said to him mom "You have to! It's your destiny!" she said and the monster grabbed Sally "Put my mother down!" Percy shouted, but the minotaur wouldn't let go "What do I do?" Percy said to Grover "Mr. Brunner's pen! Click it!" he said. Percy obeyed and the Pen transformed into a sword, but Sally disappeared into a red ball of dust. Percy ran to the monster, he swung his word, but as the monster dodged it hit Percy, but he rolled to the side then swung the sword again, but the monster hit him crashing him on a tree. As Percy got up, the monster charged him. He rolled to the side and the minotaur got a horn stuck in the tree. As it pulled away, the horn broke and the minotaur fell on the ground. Percy, took the piece of horn, and as the monster charged back, he stuck the horn in its stomach. The minotaur roared in pain and fell on the ground dead. Percy was feeling dizzy he fell backwards and Grover grabbed him. He saw a figure running towards them and passed out. Xx the Infirmary xX "I can't believe I messed up again!" Grover's voice said in Percy's head as he started to wake up "At least he's alive. Now, lets focus on a bigger problem, if he's really the 'Lightning Thief'" a familiar female voice said in his head as he woke up "You don't look tough enough to kill a minotaur" a girl with straight brunette