For those who haven't read my story '17 Years Later': Leon Chase, 15 years-old, is Annabeth's and Apollo's son, Annabelle Jackson, 15 years-old, is Percy's and Hecate's daughter, they became best friends, later on a couple on Annabelle's 15 th birthday, and played match-maker for Percy and Annabeth to get them back together knowing that teir parents were once a couple too. They succeed with the help of Athena and obviously Aphrodite, and after Percy's and Annabeth's wedding, Angel Athena Jackson is born. This is a Leobelle (Leon + Annabelle = Leobelle) story requested by thefuturejkrowling. Annabelle's POV: It's been almost a year since dad and Annabeth got married and had Angel, my little half-sister. I surely loved my sister, but there were times that I didn't love her so much…..BABYSITTING. It was Saturday. I woke up in a good mood, as usual, got out of bed, took a shower, put on a white sleeveless shirt with an un-buttoned light blue blouse with short sleeves, dark blue skinny jeans, and vans, and went to have breakfast. As usual, Annabeth was already in the kitchen having her coffee and already working on her laptop. "Good morning, Annabeth!" I greeted. "Hey, Annabelle!" she greeted back. I walked to her and gave her a hug, then I got my own coffee. Annabeth took a good look at my outfit. "Nice outfit, Anna! Are you and Leon going out?" she asked. "I hope so" I answered. Although Annabeth is really nice, I admit it's kind of weird when your step-mom is your boyfriend's mom. We don't mind, because Leon and I are not blood-related, but to think of it it's weird. "Hey, girls!" Dad said coming inside the kitchen. "Hey!" we both greeted, dad hugged me then he went to give a small kiss to Annabeth and then he also got his coffee. "Can someone go wake up Sleeping Beauty, back there?" Annabeth asked pointing outside the kitchen. I took one cookie and ate it, then I took another one. "I'll probably need this" I said and walked to Leon's room. He was sleeping…and drooling… tip-toed to his side, kneeled down and shook him…nothing. I shook him again and called him too…nothing. So, I placed the cookie under his nose to make him smell it… nothing. "Leonard Thomas Chase! Wake up or I'm going to eat this LAST cookie!" "NO! I'm up! I want as cookie too!" he shouted and got up. I laughed at his priceless face. Then, he saw the cookie I had in my hand. "Give me that cookie" he ordered. "No" "It's the last one. GIVE. IT. TO. ME." " Yeah! No one's gonna tell me: how" I sang "Madonna? Really, Annie?" "DON'T. CALL. ME. ANNIE." I said glaring at him. "Sorry! Sorry!" then he noticed my cookie. "Give me that last cookie!" "No" I said and ate it. His eyes went wide, and his mouth was shaped like an 'O'. "Leon, close your mouth, you look like a trout" "You did NOT just do that" he said in overdramatic disbelief. "What? Saying you looked like a trout?" "No! Eating that cookie" "Oh, that? Yes, I ate the cookie" I said smiling in satisfaction. "T-th-the…l-last…coo-c-cookie…g-gone…!" he theatrically stuttered. "Drama Queen" I muttered getting up. "What was that?" he said getting out of his bed, showing me his six-pack. "Oh, nothing!" I said trying to walk out of the room. "No, repeat it" he said. "I…have to go" I said and started running, but Leon caught me by the waist just before I could get out of the room. "LET ME GO!" I shouted as he spun me around. "Nope! Repeat what you said" "Drama Queen! You are such a Drama Queen!" I said as he spun me around. Then he put me back down. "There was it so hard?" he said. I smiled and was about to kiss him when we heard some crying. "I'll get her!" Dad said going to Angel's room. "Nice job, you woke up Angel" I said "Me? You were the shouting one!" "Whatever you say, Le!" I said and we walked back to the kitchen. "Hey mom!" Leon said greeting Annabeth kissing her cheek. "Hey Leon!" Annabeth said. "The cookies are not finished!" Leon happily cheered as he saw the plate full of cookies and was about to grab one when Annabeth slapped his hand away. "Go put a shirt on, first" she said. "But, mom, I'm hungry!" he whined. "What's Rule n° 4?" Leon rolled his eyes. "' You don't eat without a shirt, if other people are around' , I get it!" he said and went back to his room, then he came back with a red muscle t-shirt and dark blue jeans on. "Here! May I have a cookie now, please?" "Sure" "Yes!" Annabeth rolled her eyes. "Baby" I muttered as Leon stuck his face in his food. He was so funny. It was one of the things that I loved about him, like the way his brown hair was always Leonardo Di Caprio style, the way his sky blue eyes would always light up when he was having fun, or had an idea, or when he danced, they way he looked so handsome when he was sword fighting, his clumsiness….okay, I'm sounding like a lovesick Aphrodite girl. "What?" Leon asked as he saw me staring at him. "Nothing" I said. He shrugged and was about to grab another cookie. "That's enough for you, Mr." Annabeth said taking the plate away. "Mom!" he whined "Come on! I'm hungry! I'm a growing boy! Scientists say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day" Oh, no! There he goes with the drama, again… Annabeth was rolling her eyes at her son's theatrical outburst "You are stopping me from a healthy habit and then I will get sick, and get pneumonia, and then I will stay home because my body defenses are low and then-" I kissed his cheek to make him stop. "- it was enough for breakfast" he said putting his arm around my shoulders. "Wise Girl, we have a problem" dad said coming back with Angel in his arms. Annabeth looked at him with concern on her face. "What's wrong?" "Chiron IMed me two minutes ago. He said that two of the fencing instructors are sick because of something they ate, and he wanted us go to Camp and substitute them. Will says they will be alright very soon, so we could come back tomorrow in the afternoon" "Let's go, then" she said closing her laptop "Leon and Annabelle can take care of Angel" "What?" Leon and I said in unison. "You two heard her" dad said, stroking Angel's head with his hand. "It can't be that bad. How hard can it be to take care of a 10 month-old baby?" Leon said grinning as he took Angel from dad's arms… a lot…a whole lot harder then you can imagine, especially if your baby sister, is daughter of two powerful and famous demigods… The first part of the day, was fine. Angel was either in mine or Leon's arms, or playing on the living room's carpet, or sleeping. At the moment, I was watching Animal Planet, and Angel was on the carpet playing with Leon. After a couple of minutes, Angel was still on the carpet playing around with her toys, while Leon sat down next to me putting his arm around my shoulders. "What are you watching?" he asked me. "Animal Planet" I answered leaning on him. "Well, I'm watching something better" he said putting a strand of my jet-black hair behind my ear. "What is that?" "You" "That was just too cheesy" "I know" he said. I smiled and he kissed me. His hands trailed to my waist, as mine knotted in his hair. Then, I remembered the little kid that was in the room. "Leon, Angel's here" I said against his lips. "She's too occupied with her toys" he said kissing me. "No, Leon, seriously" I said pulling back. Leon looked kind of disappointed, so I gave him a quick peck on the lips "Later" I said running a hand through his hair. He seemed satisfied and turned around. "Where's Angel?" he said worried. I looked at the carpet and saw she was gone. "She was right here!" I said. We both jumped up and started looking for her. Leon was looking for her in the kitchen and our parent's bedroom, while I went looking for her in my room, and the bathroom. I looked everywhere, in the bathroom, but I couldn't find Angel. I went to my room, and started looking around, but Angie was nowhere to be found, then I went to Leon's room, but other than its abnormal tidiness (which is the ONLY thing he inherited from his mother, other than the looks) there was no trace of our sister. We both got out of the rooms we were in, and went back into the living room. "Did you find her?" I asked. "No. You?" he asked. "No" "Where is she? I looked everywhere: under the chairs, under the table, under the bed, in the freezer…" I didn't hear the rest of his blabbing because of that last thing. "The freezer ?" I said in disbelief "Yeah, why?" "You are not normal" "What?" "How can you think that a 10 month-old baby can get up there?" "Well, Miss Know-It-All, where would you look in Pegasus' cat basket?" Then it hit us both. "Pegasus's cat basket" we said in chorus. In fact, we turned around to see Angel sleeping in Pegasus' basket snuggling next to the cat that was happily purring. We silently walked there and Pegasus woke up. He stretched his paws and got out of the basket, Angel immediately woke up too. I picked her up and saw that she was full of cat hair…and smelled like cat. Leon and I decided we had to give her a bath. We headed to the bathroom, and Leon filled up the basin Dad and Annabeth used to bathe her. We washed her making sure that she didn't have any more cat hair on her. When we were done, it was time to go to lunch. I was holding Angel, while Leon was supposed to cook something, when he came out of the kitchen saying: "We ran out of baby-food, water and pasta". We didn't waste any time. We got our jacket, put Angel in her stroller, got the house keys, and went to Wal-Mart to buy some baby food. While Leon pushed the stroller, I was looking for what we needed. We were looking for the baby-food, when a staff member of the shop came to us, he was weird looking. He had strange golden brown eyes. "You two need help?" he asked giving me a strange look. "No, thank you" I said eying him suspiciously and taking the baby-food. Then he saw Angel. "How cute! Is she your daughter?" "What? NO! No! No! She's our sister!" Leon and I said. "Oops… my bad. Hi, Angel!" he said. "Hold it! How do you know her name?" "You told me" "We didn't" Leon said, taking a few steps back with the stroller. "Guess that it must be my intuition" "Or who sent you" I growled. That guy laughed evilly. His light brown eyes, became of fire and he turned into a hellhound. "Run, Leon! Take Angel out of here!" I shouted taking out my sword and ready to attack the hellhound. "I'm not leaving you!" "Take her out of here! I'll be fine" I said, and turned around and as soon as it tried to attack me, I slashed the hellhound that exploded in a ball of yellow dust . "See?" I said since Leon was still…paying? I told him to run out and he ran to the cashier paying? Whatever… I'll have a little chat with him later. After the Wal-Mart… incident … Leon and