A/N: Here we go with the sequel to A Crappy Little Piece of Forever. I wouldn't say that having read the first one is absolutely crucial to understanding this one, but you will get more of what's going on and have a better understanding of some background information. I hope you all enjoy it! Huge thank you to both of my betas for helping with this chapter: Jezebel Jai-Braxlin and cmaa225. January 7th, 2008 Nessie Cullen had a shit Christmas. I hadn't seen her in a couple of weeks, but I knew that much. I'd patrolled with Jake several times since Nessie's favorite "aunt" and "uncle" left town. Each time I had been inundated with his anger. It was almost at the same level as his Bella days. His imprint wasn't getting over her sadness, and Jake wanted to fix it. But he couldn't. Because the only solution was dragging Rosalie and Emmett all the way back from England. Regardless of how much Nessie begged, that was one thing Jake couldn't do. It was a bittersweet feeling for the wolves. More vamps gone from the area was a good thing. Rosalie and Jake especially had always had a terrible relationship. I knew Jake, in particular, was thankful she was gone even while mourning the loss for his imprint. While I'd had no choice but to listen to all these thoughts of his while we were on patrol, I'd avoided facing Nessie. In an attempt to cheer the girl up, Bella and Edward had planned a trip to Alaska for Christmas to see the Denali. Jake had been invited as well but managed to get out of it. I wasn't sure how it had gone. Jake was too cranky for me to bother asking. That was, until today. Today I was watching her because Leah Clearwater was the obvious person to shove upset toddlers at. I wasn't sure what turn of events had led to Nessie being left in my care. All I knew was Jake had called last night to ask if I could do it. Considering my school didn't start back up for another week, I'd had no good reason to say no. Watching the little monster wasn't troublesome enough for me to put up much of a fight against it. Despite everyone's worry, Nessie was in a better state when Jake dropped her off than she had been back in December. I wondered if I was the only one to pick up on it after being gone from her for so long. Sure, she wasn't all smiley like normal, although I couldn't list that as a bad thing. She wasn't pouting like the last time I saw her. That was an improvement. She was quiet. That was the only thing that might have been unnerving, but Nessie had always been quiet when I watched her. She was sitting there reading one of her books like usual. There was nothing out of the ordinary about that. The first time I believed the others might not be exaggerating was when it was time for The Magic School Bus to come on. Nessie always counted down the minutes until she could turn on the TV, so it was surprising when I had to turn it on instead. Nessie hadn't given any sign of wanting to watch. That didn't stop her from watching her favorite TV show intently, a little too intently. Usually, Nessie would complain about the unrealistic aspects of the story. Today, she preferred staring at the screen with her mouth in a thin line. She must be enjoying it as she didn't go back to her book, but she wasn't enjoying it in the way that she usually did. By the time the credits were rolling, I'd had enough of the quiet. "You want to talk?" I asked as I reached over to grab the remote and switch off the television. Nessie fiddled with the book in her hand, more interested in it than me. "Not really," she admitted. I sighed. Part of me was tempted to let it go, but I wasn't sure I could take the strange silence anymore. "You sure? I've got nothing else to do." Oddly enough, being dismissive worked best with Nessie. When I acted like I didn't care much, it took enough pressure off of her that she was more likely to speak up. She became more open. I watched her shoulders droop a bit, and I knew she'd managed to let go of some of the tension she was holding in. "It's almost been a month." She continued flipping the pages of her book the way one would watch a flipbook. I hummed in agreement, waiting to see if she would say anything more. "I thought it would get easier, but I still miss them. I thought I was supposed to stop missing them." With a sigh, I moved closer to Nessie on the couch, preparing myself for the role of comforter. I would never not feel awkward doing this. "You're not supposed to stop missing them. Everyone misses people they love who aren't around, no matter how long they've been gone. My dad's been gone more than a year, and I'm not as sad about it as I was then, but I still miss him. I always will. The only difference is I don't think about it as much now." Nessie watched me as if she were calculating my motives. "So I just need to stop thinking about them?" I shrugged. "Kind of. You might have to force it at first, but eventually, you won't think about them as much without even trying. But when you do, I'm sure you'll still miss them. That's what visits are for. And after a visit, it'll be a bit harder again, but it'll go away faster each time." Nessie's brow furrowed. "Think about something else," she muttered under her breath. Then she spoke up. "I've been reading a lot, but I still think about them when I read. I connect stuff back to them. I just do it." "That's natural," I assured her. "There's nothing you can do except push it from your mind whenever it happens. Easier said than done, I know. And I'm saying that as a wolf who had to learn to do it to keep her thoughts from a million other people." Nessie was still frowning down at her book, but she'd stopped flipping the pages. I could tell that she was deep in thought. Eventually, she sighed. "Everything would be easier if everyone stayed in Forks forever." I scoffed at her. "Not possible. You were going to deal with this sooner or later. At least now you'll know how to deal with it for later." I expected Nessie to throw a temper tantrum, but despite her pout, she refrained herself. Her fists curled up a few times, showing her frustration, but she didn't let any of it out. After several moments, she opened her book and went back to reading. I read a bit of the page over her shoulder, just now noticing that it was The Odyssey . "How much of that do you understand?" I asked, more out of surprise than expecting an answer. Nessie shrugged, not bothering to glance up from the book. "It's pretty straight-forward once you accept that it's mythology and has different rules." "But all the references..." She looked up at me with confused eyes. "They're not references. It all came from this book originally, didn't it? It's one of the oldest epics." I didn't have an answer to that. Nessie might have had a better grip on ancient Greek literature than I did, and that kind of scared me. Not that I'd ever considered myself an expert. You still didn't want a child to know more than you. The excerpts of The Odyssey I read in high school should have been enough to beat Nessie's knowledge. An hour had passed before the irony of her reading choice hit me. What I remembered of the story was limited, but I remembered enough. A story of a traveler who's gone for a long time and comes home to find things in chaos. Had Nessie known all that when she picked it up? I didn't have a chance to ask before her imprint was stomping into the house followed by my brother and Embry. The noise levels escalated the second they were in the door without them saying anything. Jake found his way to Nessie's side immediately. She still hadn't moved but had made significant progress in her too thick book. Closing it, she gave Jake her first smile all day, but even her wolf wasn't enough to keep the sadness from her eyes. Seth and Embry pushed passed me and went for the kitchen where I could hear them rummaging around in the fridge. I couldn't help but roll my eyes at everyone's predictability. It took five minutes before Seth and Embry were back with their food and took seats in the living room with the rest of us. I could tell Nessie was trying to act happier now that Jake was here, but she was failing. Something Jake was the only one of the boys to notice. His eyes glanced over at me, and I knew he wanted to ask how she'd been. But he couldn't without her overhearing, a downside to hanging around supernatural people. I offered him a slight shrug, hoping that would give him some hints about how the day had gone. "One more semester left," Embry commented. I wasn't sure if he was oblivious to Nessie's feelings or trying to lighten the mood, but I thought it was the latter. "I can't wait to graduate." Seth groaned. "Stop reminding me. You may be finished in May, but I've still got three years." Embry shrugged. "Sorry, dude. Nothing I can do about that." I watched Seth's face closely. I was still worried about him these days even though he was back to his old self on the outside. I wasn't sure what was true and what was an act. Despite having been out to Mom and me for a month, Seth wasn't giving any sign he was ready to come out to the pack yet. Carrying around that big of a secret was exhausting, especially with the pack mind. I'd had a few near slip ups and was always angry with myself for ages afterwards. I could only imagine it was ten times worse for Seth. You'd never know it by observing him though. He had become better at concealing his inner turmoil. In a way, that left me more worried than the anger had. "That's easy to say when you know what you're going to do with yourself," Jake complained to Embry. "All I know is that I'll have to find a job. Besides that, I don't have a clue." "I still don't know where I got in at, asshole." Embry shot his leg out to kick Jake. As if I needed the reminder. I knew Embry had applied to several colleges in Washington state. I also knew that included my school. The possibility that Embry could be invading my escape from La Push was one I didn't like to think about. I was sure he'd get in. I was less sure he'd decide to go. Embry got that school was a safe haven away from La Push for me. I knew he did. Jake brushed off Embry's words. "You'll get in somewhere for sure, even with your terrible attendance record. You have better grades than any of the rest of us." "They're not that great," Embry muttered. I wasn't sure why he was so defensive over how well he did in school. Sure, the guys mocked him about it sometimes, but they didn't care. Embry acted like their teasing was much more malicious than it was. Whatever. I'd given up trying to figure him out. He'd have to