A/N: So, I have my Leah stories/Forever series, which currently has three stories. I originally only meant to write that series with Leah as the main character. Then, while writing the second story, the possibility of writing a story from that same "universe" where Seth was the main character, but even then, I didn't think I would actually do it. After that, it kept bugging me though, and by the time I was writing the third one, I realized I had to do it. So I've been working on this simultaneously with You and I Could Life Forever. You don't have to have read my other Twilight stories to read this one. It will stand alone, but this one takes place at the same time as all three of my Leah stories. The prologue is kind of before those, but chapter one starts in the middle of A Crappy Little Piece of Forever. Prologue When Seth looked back on his earlier years, he would have expected the realization to come sooner than it did. Maybe it did, in a way. The knowledge was always there inside of him; he just didn't dwell on it. It was easier not to dwell on it. He was more aware of it at a younger age, a realization that he only had once he'd given up on denial. Not because he knew the word "gay" or what it meant when he was a young child. It was just that the part of him was there, and he wasn't trying to conceal it yet. Hiding it away was never a conscious decision, just something his subconscious had realized was necessary at some point in time. Then that part of him became estranged from the rest of him, something Seth didn't always remember was there for many years. That was easy for a while. Surprisingly and—Seth would later think—sadly easy. Seth didn't do much lying because he had tricked himself into believing his own fiction. If he was lying to anyone, it was himself. Until the later years at least. Despite not being able to pinpoint the exact moment he had hidden pieces of himself away, Seth remembered all too well when they made themselves known again. Phasing for the first time was a terrifying experience. It was for every wolf, but Seth didn't think he was being self-absorbed by considering his case as the worst. His sister turned into a wolf before his eyes; his father had a heart attack; and the next thing Seth knew, he had exploded into a giant wolf. Seth liked to think he could take things in stride, but those first several hours of being a wolf had been the hardest of his life. All of that would've been enough. Seth hadn't been able to phase back for the longest time due to his grief. That had overridden any fear he might have otherwise felt over learning that the legends were true and he was in the middle of it all. It was long after his father's funeral before Seth started realizing the other implications of being a wolf. Denying that you like boys is a hell of a lot easier when you don't have a group of them in your head every day. Suddenly, Seth could hear other's thoughts. Other boy's thoughts. It didn't help that they were all older than him and more open about having sexual fantasies, not caring who else in the pack saw. Seth saw a lot in a short period of time that left him feeling like shit, not because of what he'd seen but because of what it made him confront. So, Seth developed a new normal. He had no choice. He still didn't lie. He couldn't bring himself to, but if his own thoughts went into dangerous territory or he picked up on someone else's own dangerous thoughts, Seth became very good at thinking about other, much more innocent things. A tactic that left the other guys with the false impression that Seth was some paradigm of chastity. That worked for a while. Until it didn't. Chapter 1 Seth's carefully constructed illusion wasn't prepared for Al phasing. That wasn't to say it fell apart the day Al first phased. Immediately after, things were the same. Al phased during the hectic time before the Volturi descended on Forks, and there were six other wolves adjusting to their new lives at the same time. To be honest, Seth hadn't had the time or energy to devote to getting to know each and every one of them right away. He'd gotten closer to Collin and Brady since they had both phased. The two of them were friends with Ethan, and for that reason alone, Ethan was the first of the new wolves that Seth got to know. Al didn't catch his attention more than any of the other guys. These younger wolves were less straining. After the Volturi were gone, Seth liked patrolling with them because it felt like he had to put less effort into his facade. Some of the youngest were still in the very early stages of puberty. They weren't having as vivid of thoughts as Seth had to avoid with, say, Paul. It was easier. So when Seth figured out that it was Al he was patrolling with that day, he was thankful for it. He was expecting it to be simple. They'd run the perimeter, maybe have some low stakes chit chat in their minds. Nothing out of the ordinary, and nothing that would damage Seth's extensive set of mental barriers. Seth wasn't sure what set it off. Being a hormonal teenager probably. Avoiding all problematic thoughts hadn't become easier in the time since Seth had first phased. This wasn't the first time he had slipped up. Seth had no way of knowing what the other guys had caught, but he knew he'd let small pieces of thoughts slip here or there. Nothing too damning. This time it was a little worse. For whatever reason, Seth's mind wandered, and he didn't realize what he was thinking and who was in his head until it was a split second too late. It sent Seth into a panic. He didn't know whether to beg Al not to tell or to act like it didn't happen. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't clear his mind, and the warring going on inside of it was doing nothing but making what had just happened all the more obvious to Al. Seth. Seth, it's okay , Al assured him, sounding concerned. Seth had stopped running by now and was instead pacing in a small area of the woods. Al was on the other side of the reservation, still running although at a slower pace. The distance should have given Seth space to breathe, but it meant nothing while phased. I really am sorry , Seth repeated, not for the first time. I didn't mean for that to slip out. I don't even know what it means, he lied. It just-I just…" It's really okay, Seth. Seth hadn't been expecting what came next. Al's own walls cracked, and for the first time, Seth saw thoughts that more closely resembled his own than any of the other guys' thoughts. You're... Even in his thoughts, Seth couldn't say the word to someone else. Only recently had he allowed himself to start thinking it. He had yet to speak the word out loud to himself. It felt like too bold of a declaration. Once that was done, there was no going back. Al knew what Seth had been about to say though, and Seth felt nervousness and uncertainty from the other boy. Yes and no . That made no sense to Seth, but aside from confusion, he mostly felt fear. He had been so close to finding someone who understood, and now he worried that he had been wrong. Maybe this was a huge joke. He was becoming more paranoid about that possibility the more he slipped up, although he had no reason to suspect anyone of anything. I'm bi, Al admitted. The short statement calmed Seth. That was what Al had meant, and that was as good as Al saying he was gay in Seth's eyes. He didn't know of another person in La Push who was anything but straight. Openly, at least. Despite the hesitance and worry that Seth would reject him that Al was feeling, this was the greatest thing Seth could have asked for. Seth didn't verbalize any of his thoughts, but his joy was getting transferred to Al's mind nonetheless. Al's own thoughts calmed and began to take on a happier tone as both boys basked in the glory of having found someone who understood what they were going through. Seth began running again. If he were human, it was possible that he would have been skipping. Everything in the woods felt more beautiful than before. There was a smell in the air that brought back happy memories. Seth swore it hadn't been there earlier in the day. You don't know how many times I almost screwed up , Seth rambled as he ran. Now that he knew he could say all the things he thought, they were gushing out. He hadn't realized how heavy the weight on his chest was until he had gained some relief. Now he had to get it all out before he collapsed under the pressure. Me too. Al's voice was full of frustration. I try to keep up with their thoughts about girls, but it's so hard to not slip in something about boys, you know? Seth didn't know that exact situation as he'd never even bothered feigning interest in girls. It was much easier letting the boys think he was too innocent for it. But he agreed with Al anyway. We should share tricks , Seth said. Ways we push things away and keep our thoughts safe and stuff. You're better at it than me. I never suspected, dude. Al said it as if it were impressive, but Seth found it sadder than anything else. He should have been happy that he was achieving what he wanted, but he could never shake the hope that someone would figure it out and force him to confront reality, not unlike what Al was doing. That would never happen if he was effective at locking himself away. But you can just focus on liking girls, right? Seth pushed, not sure what he should and shouldn't say. What would be considered rude? You're not lying, and none of them suspect anything else. Al scoffed. I guess. Kinda. It still feels like lying. Sometimes I pretend to find girls attractive when I don't just so they won't get suspicious. It's stupid since I really am attracted to some girls. Why do I act like I like ones I don't? I know it's stupid. But I panic sometimes, and I get worried they'll figure it out, so I do it anyway. He was rambling even within his thoughts as his nerves took over. It made Seth all the more appreciative. He wasn't the only one who had these types of worries. Al did too. I feel like that all the time, Seth assured Al. Sometimes I think that saying the most unrelated things will make them figure it out. I know it's stupid, even in the moment, but my brain goes into overdrive. All it's thinking about is, 'What happens if they do find out? Better safe than sorry.' Then I'm worrying so much that it becomes obvious that something's off. His thoughts trailed off for a moment as he imagined all the past examples of just that and shared them with Al. It sucks, Seth concluded. They'd finished their patrol, and both Seth and Al were hovering in the woods outside of their houses, not ready to phase back yet. They would have to soon. Someone else would phase, and they