" And then we continued blissfully into this small but perfect piece of our forever." - Breaking Dawn by Stephenie Meyer Chapter 1 January 1st, 2007 I watched as the first rays of the sun peeked over the horizon. Technically, the new year had started hours ago, but this felt like the real beginning. Maybe I should have considered the Volturi's departure yesterday a new beginning of sorts, but it didn't feel like one. Don't get me wrong, I was just as relieved as everyone else to not have fought and died. A huge part of me hadn't expected to make it to 2007, which had put me into an odd sort of existential mood. It didn't help that I'd rung in the year with sixteen rowdy guys, three lovestruck imprints (technically four, I suppose, but Claire was out by eight), and my mom and her new-ish boyfriend who I'd known my entire life. I wasn't feeling so great about this year's prospects. Dying would have been the easier route, but fate had proved it hated me. I hated how negative I felt about it all. I wanted to be more positive, not that anyone believed me, but I couldn't no matter how hard I tried. Who wanted to be known as a bitch? But I was quite literally a bitch. I was in a fucking pack of wolves. The only bright side was that pack no longer included my ex-boyfriend. Jake defying Sam was the highlight of my 2006. Or, rather, escaping my ex-boyfriend was the highlight of my 2006. I didn't have an enviable year. "Leah." I startled a bit even though I shouldn't have been snuck up on. I'd had my defenses down, not expecting anyone to be out here this early on New Year's Day. I turned to scowl at Embry as he sat down beside me. You'd think he'd realize that I wanted to be alone. "Have you slept at all?" he asked. I shook my head, turning back towards the sun. "Who sleeps on New Year's?" "Everyone eventually. I'm pretty sure we're the only two still awake." "More than half of the pack is under fifteen. Of course they've all went to sleep." Embry smiled. "Quil was the first one out." I shrugged, forcing myself to appear amused. "Quil might as well be five. That's why Fate gave him a three-year-old as an imprint." "Honestly, I have to agree with you." He said it like I should be surprised, but we all knew I spoke the truth the majority of the time. It's just that it was all comments others were too nice to say out loud. Even Paul most of the time. I had lost all patience with false pretenses. "It would've been nice if Jake could have stopped talking about bringing Nessie to La Push for the first time tomorrow," I said. If he was going to stay, we might as well talk. Embry adjusted the way he was sitting to be more comfortable on the hard, cold ground. "Let him be excited. It'll be the first time she's been here, and you know how they all get about their imprints." "It's pathetic." Embry didn't respond, but I knew he agreed and didn't want to say so. It was another instance of me telling the truth that no one else would admit. "Why are you out here, Leah?" I wrinkled my nose at his question, especially the use of my name. Embry did that a lot. Insert my name into his sentences more than was normal in most conversations. It was weird. "Isn't the new year a time for introspection?" "Not out on a cliff before dawn." "I think a cliff overlooking the vast, wide ocean is the perfect spot for it." "It was pitch black not half an hour ago. The ocean wouldn't have been visible to humans." "But I'm not a human, am I? You and I both know I could see it just fine." I could also sense him pouting beside me without having to look at him. "You know you're not the only one who feels like shit going into the new year, right?" "Do regale me about your terrible misery, Embry. I'll enjoy it so much." He ignored my sarcasm as he continued to speak. "Most of us phased this past year, including me. And you may tack on all the shit with Sam to your year, but I found out the three prime candidates for my father, and none of them are exactly ideal." "There was an ideal candidate before?" "Anyone who isn't the father of one of my best friends." "So, we're rooting for Joshua Uley then? I'll go for it. Anything to upset Sam." He made a noise of frustration that caused me to smile for the first time in the new year. "Although," I continued. "We might as well start saying it was Sam's dad. He was complete shit anyway. Like father, like son. It wasn't Quil's dad, and it sure as hell wasn't Billy. We all know that even if we can't prove it." It was the closest to nice I'd ever come when discussing Embry's father. It was Embry's weakest point, and I didn't want to stop using it. I chanced a glance at him to see him staring out over the water, same moody look that he always got when thinking about his father. And there was that stupid sympathy that I only ever felt for Embry, Jake, or Seth these days. When it came to my little brother, it was fine, but I really needed to get away from the pack. They were ruining my walls. "You were saying about the hard year?" I prompted, pulling him back to the present. Not as eager to share his thoughts anymore, Embry shrugged. "Just that we all fought the newborn army, and the other day we were all prepared to fight again. Not to mention I had to deal with one of my best friends running off into the wilderness for months while you mocked us for being worried when we could still hear him in our heads." We both knew I'd been as worried about Jacob as anyone else had, but I was thankful he was pretending he'd believed my comments. "Okay, okay," I gave in. "We both had a terrible year. Yay for us. So what? Does that mean I shouldn't be allowed to wallow in my misery? Sorry I can't get into whatever optimistic 'it's a new beginning' mood you're looking for." "That's not what I'm saying at all." He sighed. "It's just that you've been in this same mood for more than a year now. Doesn't it get tiring?" "I turn into a giant wolf, Embry, and until a few months ago, I had to be in my ex's head all the goddamn time. That's what's tiring." "But you're not anymore. Isn't that as good a reason as any to try to make 2007 better?" The sun finally broke free from the horizon as I chewed on the inside of her cheek, breaking the skin and feeling it immediately heal over. It was always a constant reminder of how much of a freak I was. "Sam and Emily's wedding is this year," I said after a few moments of silence. It's not like I was admitting anything Embry didn't know, but I still knew my cheeks had gained a bit of color. Embry didn't say anything for a while, allowing us to sit in silence as the sun continued to rise. After a while, he stood up. Before moving to go back into the forest, he looked down at me. "Maybe that's an even better reason to try and make this year better." He was gone before I could respond. The stupidest part was he was right. Sam and Emily being married was the biggest push I could get to actually get on with my life. But how could I do that when I was stuck being a fucking shapeshifter in La Push? There was no escape for me. There weren't any guys either. La Push didn't exactly have an endless supply of them, and of the few that hadn't become one of my pack brothers, most of them had been scared away. If my ex becoming the head of some creepy gang that no one could figure out wasn't enough to keep them away, my constant bitter attitude definitely had. I'd done all of the pathetic things I could think of to make it better, and I'd read countless advice on how you had to date again before you could really move on from a failed relationship. But my options were completely nonexistent, so how could I ever move on? It was just part of the giant disaster that had become my life. I caught the movement in the trees this time before Seth came out of the forest. I rolled my eyes. No one in either pack had any concept of privacy. Probably because they knew each other's thoughts. They couldn't just let me have one morning to myself. "What do you want, Seth?" He shrugged as he sat down in the spot Embry had vacated. "Mom woke up and saw you weren't home. She's not freaking out or anything, but she was a bit worried, so I came to look for you. I came across Embry, and he told me you were here. I probably would have wound up here on my own anyway though." "Has it occurred to anyone that I'm here alone for a reason?" "Obviously. But you do this all the time, and you never actually want to be alone. If you did, you'd go to your room and lock the door." I scoffed. It wasn't like I had given it that much consideration. I'd just wanted to see the sunrise. Why did that have to be an invitation for interaction? "I do have something to tell you though," Seth continued. I glanced over to let him know I was listening. "The Cullens' guests all left. Some of them had to be escorted across tribal lands by some of the pack. They're all gone." I nodded. "I heard some of the noise. I figured that's what was happening." Seth sighed. "I just wanted to let you know." He stood up but continued speaking to me just as Embry had. "That's one huge scare over, Leah. Maybe focus on that instead of all the bad stuff?" He ambled towards the forest shouting something about how great 2007 would be. I allowed myself a small smile at his antics. It was officially daytime now. The color in the sky was fading into its usual blue. I didn't feel like I'd really gotten to see the first sunrise of the year. I sighed and laid my head on my knees, which I'd pulled up to my chest. "Please let this be a good year," I muttered, closing my eyes. I thought of all the horrible things that had happened over the past year. My father's death was the one that stood out the most. Neither Embry nor Seth had dared to mention that, although it was inextricably tied up with my phasing. At the time, I hadn't thought I would ever have a worse day than the one where Sam broke up with me, but that had been proven wrong. The past year had been the worst of my life, but no matter how much I hated to admit it, maybe I was just a tad bit optimistic about the next one. It would be ruined within the first month. January 7th, 2007 I dreaded pack meetings. They reminded me far too much of the few Girl Scout meetings Mom had forced me to before I wormed my way out of it. Except the small elementary school girls were replaced with giant teenage boys who turned into wolves, the overbearing mothers had been reduced