A/N: That summary is terrible, and I apologize for it. Anyway, here we are with the last of the Forever stories (other than the one-shot epilogue that you'll be getting at some point in the future). I hope you all enjoy this and find it at least a somewhat fitting conclusion to the series. January 3rd, 2011 Nessie had cried quietly as we placed her things in Rachel and Rebecca's old bedroom. The place had been empty for long enough that the neglect showed. Billy didn't like to mess with the room when they were gone as it brought back too many memories. He had, however, been more than happy to offer the room to Nessie when she needed somewhere to stay. He'd been even more thrilled when Jacob said that he was going to take over his old bedroom again. The apartment he'd been sharing with Quil and Embry was only three bedrooms, with no place for Nessie to stay unless someone began to sleep on the couch. It was a logical plan, but logic wasn't what Nessie cared about as her life was uprooted for the first time. None of the moves her family members had made had prepared her for the transition of living a few miles from where she'd been raised. "You want to go ahead and unpack?" Jake asked, voice hesitant as he watched his imprint for any signs that the suggestion hurt her. Nessie didn't look back at him as she shook her head no. "Not right now," she said. "I don't need anything out of the bags." Jacob accepted the answer with a disheartened sigh and ushered me into the living room where Embry and Quil sat with Billy. The three of us had been invited along to help carry Nessie's bags, but looking at them lazing around in the living room, you wouldn't have known it. "Hey, Leah," Quil began as soon as he saw me. He used a tone that let me know that we'd entered the room in time for Quil to say something that he found amusing. "I was just talking to Embry about how you should move in with us. Extra bedroom and everything, not that we'd need it much." I shifted on my feet. It wasn't the first time the suggestion had been made. Embry had said something similar a few times before Jake had even announced that he was moving back in with Billy. "I'm sure Jake wouldn't mind you taking his bedroom though," Quil continued. "If you wanted it?" The last part was said as a question, like Quil was trying to figure out how uncomfortable I was with the idea of moving in with them. I tried to keep my face a mask as Jacob offered a shrug that proved Quil right. After a moment of silence, it was clear that no one was going to say anything until I either agreed or disagreed. Instead, I offered a shrug and a, "I don't know," as I had no idea what else to say. It was the same response I'd given Embry each time he asked, and each time he looked disheartened with my answer. Quil didn't look that way though. He accepted my vague answer that wasn't an answer with a smirk. "Fine," he said. "But if Seth stakes claim to it before you do, then consider yourself warned." Seth moving in with Embry and Quil would have made a lot of sense. He, too, was legally an adult, and he'd shown at least as many signs of wanting to move out as I had. After so many years of trying his hardest to prove himself to the older wolves, I knew that part of him would be thrilled with the idea of rooming with Embry and Quil. It sounded like a better idea than me moving in. Especially when I, like Quil had implied, would continue sleeping in Embry's bedroom like I already did many nights. Because of that, the idea of moving in with them shouldn't have been scary. I might have spent more time there than I did at home already, but something about moving felt permanent. It wasn't living with Embry (or Quil, although I wouldn't be eager about having him around 24/7) that worried me. It was more that I had never lived anywhere other than my family home, and while I wanted to move out, actually doing so felt scary. Maybe that was the biggest sign that I should have said yes. January 7th, 2011 I woke up to the feeling that I was laying on top of one of those old-fashioned metal heaters. Instinctively, I scooted away from Embry and pushed aside the thin sheet that was the only covers I used. Removing contact with Embry's skin lessened the problem, but it didn't relieve it. Even the mattress underneath me felt like it was on fire. It was inescapable in the bed, which wasn't new. This was something that had begun happening since I'd quit phasing, and it only continued to worsen each night. I turned, hoping that facing away from Embry would provide me with cooler air, but as soon as I made the sudden movement, I felt my stomach sloshing and realized I was nauseous. It was a strong sensation that was worsened by the fact that I hadn't felt nausea in years. One of the benefits of being a wolf was the lack of illness, and I wasn't prepared to experience it again, especially in the middle of the night. Curling up in fetal position, I willed the sensation to go away, but it didn't. Instead, it worsened until I realized that I had two options: 1. Continue laying there and eventually vomit on the floor. Or, 2. Run for the bathroom. I took the second option, rushing down the hallway and into the bathroom at a speed that I hadn't achieved since I last phased. The feeling worsened as I moved, and I knew by the time I reached the bathroom that I wasn't going to make it to the toilet. I vomited into the sink. The feeling grew in intensity as my stomach emptied itself. While I was being sick, I felt Embry approach from behind me. He placed a warm hand on my back, but this time I welcomed the heat, wanting any sensation that wasn't what was happening in my stomach and throat. For a long time after I was finished, I hovered over the sink. Several waves of uneasiness traveled through my stomach, and I worried there would be more. It seemed, however, that there was nothing left. Gradually, the feeling of Embry rubbing my back took prominence over the unpleasant sensations inside of my body. "That looked unpleasant," Embry commented when it became clear that nothing more was going to happen. Not feeling like speaking after such a horrific experience, I chose to glare at him over my shoulder. His grin in return was sympathetic, but it only made the situation marginally better. Slowly, I washed out the sink and my mouth, straightened up, and turned to burrow my face into Embry's chest. His warmth still felt pleasant and unlike the oppressive heat that I had woken up to. "My immune system must have gone back to normal." I was unsure if he'd be able to make out the words considering how muffled they were against his chest. "Looks like I can get sick again." I groaned, turning my head to breathe but keeping it against his skin. "That was worse than I remember it being." "Before I was a wolf, getting sick was like that," Embry said. "You never remembered how bad it was until you were sick again." Not feeling like arguing, I nodded, but in reality, I wanted to disagree. I wanted to explain that this had been even worse than that because I hadn't been sick in five years. My entire being had been so unprepared for such a thing that I'd thought I was dying when I felt the first stomach pains. I hadn't realized how high my pain tolerance had been as a wolf until I was human again and experienced...something. I still didn't know what it was that had prompted the sprint to the bathroom. "Did I eat something strange?" I wondered out loud. "We had the same dinner." I pulled away from Embry far enough to look him in the eyes. "But you're still a wolf, and I'm not. Maybe we ate something contaminated, and it only affected me." "Maybe," Embry agreed with a shrug. "Claire was over earlier too. I'm sure little kids carry all kinds of germs everywhere they go. Maybe she got you sick." "But Claire was fine," I pointed out. Embry only shrugged again. With a sigh, I pulled away and began walking back to the bedroom. "Whatever it was, I'm tired," I said. "I'm going back to sleep." The bed felt warm when I laid down, but yet again, it was no longer oppressive. Still, I maintained a bit of distance when Embry laid down beside me, knowing it would heat up quickly if I allowed myself to touch him for long. That didn't stop me from wishing I could. January 15th, 2011 Whatever had been wrong with me that night continued to elude but taunt me as the next week went by. In the span of a week, I had woken up nauseous almost every day, yet I couldn't figure out what was wrong. It couldn't be food poisoning as there was no commonality in my meals each day that it happened, but I didn't seem to have caught anything that came with symptoms aside from the nausea. None that I could detect at least. After a week of it, I was done trying to figure out what was wrong and just hoped it would go away. Embry wasn't as easily dissuaded from figuring out the cause. While the first time he had brushed it off by the time we got up the next morning, he had become persistent about discovering the source after several days of it repeatedly happening. "You're sure you haven't felt congested at all? Or maybe a little short of breath?" he asked one Saturday morning an hour after I'd gotten out of the bathroom. He had a full, though half eaten, breakfast in front of him while I had a plate loaded with toast that I hoped wouldn't upset my stomach. He raised his fork to his mouth while not removing his gaze from the laptop he had open in front of him, scanning lists of symptoms for illnesses he had deemed it possible for me to have. "No," I responded. "You already asked me about both of those, and the answer hasn't changed. Hasn't anyone ever told you that looking up symptoms online is a bad idea anyway? You're going to start thinking that I'm dying." "You've told me that the last five days," he said without looking up from the screen. "I'm not going to believe anything like that. Or take anything I find as definite. I'm just looking for some ideas." I took a large bite of toast, wishing it was still as warm as it had been when I pulled it out of the toaster. "Why?" I asked. "It's not going to make the nausea go away." Embry looked up at me with one raised eyebrow. "It might if I could find some ideas for things to do." Snorting, I responded, "We know what to do. The same things you always do for nausea. That's all it is." He shook his head as he turned away from me. "There has to be a reason you're nauseous, and figuring that out might help more than treating the symptom." He'd been saying those exact words for days, and I was unimpressed. I let him carry on with it because there was no way I was going to