Summary: Hermione's grandmother passes away, leaving behind an old bookstore for her. This bookstore was one of the very few places that held Hermione's cherished childhood memories. After things ended horribly with her boyfriend she finds a place of security and a strong sense of self to be back in that old bookstore. It has become a precious home to her once again. There is only one small problem with the place. Draco Malfoy wants it and will do anything to get it. Why would Draco Malfoy, the Slytherin Prince want anything to do with a Muggle bookstore? To Hermione the answer is mute because she is not giving it up for all the riches that Draco promises. But Draco will never give up wanting to buy the building that holds the bookstore. For him the buildings are needed in order to rid the dark secrets that haunt him at night. What happens when during his pursuit of this building that he finds himself falling in love with the brightest witch of her age? With one unwilling to sell and the other unwilling to give up in securing the place, are they able to find a middle ground? Or will they risk losing each other over their stubbornness to have ownership of an old building? Warning: This story's time setting is an alternate universe a few years after the battle of Hogwarts. The pairings might not be something that you agree with. This is as they say a 'Dramione' story. It is rated M for violence, language and sex. The length of the chapters are greater than I anticipated, ranging from six to eight thousand words. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. He, along with the other characters, belongs to J.K. Rowling. The story line came from another fictional read, which if I knew the title and author then I'd give credit to them as well. The idea to combine the two is mine. Chapter 1 Draco Malfoy sat down studying the plans for yet another venture that his mother had her heart set on accomplishing. Since the second wizarding war, Narcissa Malfoy had been the one to spearhead the rebuilding of the Malfoy name. With Draco's determination, both he and his mother had created an empire in the Wizarding world. Several properties were owned, businesses were purchased and families held them in high regard once again. The Ministry had even cleared both his and his mother's records. His father, Lucius Malfoy however, was another story altogether. The charges against him were too numerous to list and Lucius Malfoy found himself to serve years in Azkaban and upon his release would live without the use of a wand for the rest of his life. His father didn't argue especially when 'the boy who lived' had gone through such lengths to reduce his sentencing. Narcissa was able to see her husband on a regular basis. It helped the both of them to grow once more. Though they had gained the respect from those among their pureblood circle and once again create the illusion of fear and authority among the rest of the wizarding community, Draco sought out his own salvation aside from his mother and father. It was through a project that was nearly five years in the making that would give him that 'peace of mind'. The war may have been over but Draco came to realize that the nightmares of his past had never disappeared. They were always hiding, always waiting. "What should I do? What would you do," he asked his father. Lucius quickly replied to his son. They both had issues to be dealt with that Narcissa did not know of. They believed that it was better that way if she did not know. The Dark Lord may have been gone but the influence that he left behind was not forgotten in the lives that had been affected, especially those who had taken the dark mark. And the Malfoys were deeply affected. Draco stared at the letter from his mother and thought back once again to what his father had told him the last time he had visited Azkaban. He needed to do this business venture for his mother. But this side project was for him. "Firewhisky," Theo held up a glass. Draco nodded and took it from his companion. Theo Nott, Blaise Zabini, and Gregory Goyle had become close friends in their quest for redemption. It was easy to live in the moment when one was young and seventeen. They had done what they needed to or what they thought they needed to do in order to survive. They suffered they own form of loss. Their young lives were forever tainted as well. No one understood. No one believed them, except each other. But now their situations had taken a drastic change. The Dark Lord was done and over with. Friends and family had been loss. Some things were never going to be the same. They had been thrust into a new situation now and they had to adapt. And adapt they did, for all four of them had become more feared, respected and wealthier than their parents before them. "Master," an elf popped into the door. Draco merely grunted in response, not looking up from his work. "Chip has told the young Master Montague to wait for Master Draco. Chip did well. He made sure Master was ready to receive guests," the elf's ears perked up in question. But before he could smile, he immediately slumped at his owner's reply. "Bring him in," Draco muttered. The elf's body drooped at not being acknowledged by its owner and simply disappeared only to have the visitor appear a second later. Chip had been young and willing, like most house elves, ready to serve the house of Malfoy. He was the late Dobby's cousin and though he had heard terrible things about the elf's life under the care of the Malfoy household, he had also learned of how his new Mistress and young Master had protected the wonderful Harry Potter. Though the young Master did not abuse the house elf physically, neglect was a powerful punishment. It was something that did not bode well with little Chip. The other day he had got an affectionate pat on the head coupled with a kind smile from Mistress Narcissa but the desire to be acknowledged by the young Master was great. And the quick feeling of being wanted had disappeared whenever he was in the presence of the Master of the house. Draco of course, could care less either way how his house elf felt about him. He had his own agenda to fulfill. "What is it now, Montague," Draco put down his glass and slightly tore his attention away from the papers about his desk. "Forgive me for interrupting Draco but this concerns the property in Triangle Row." "Ah, how much did she settle on?" "She is adamant that she won't sell." With that piece of information, his complete attention piqued towards his associate standing in his study. Even Blaise, Theo and Greg stopped to take in news. That was the thorn in his side, the thick potion to swallow, the tough curse to break. He was almost on his way to absolution. The one thing that stood in his way and she would not give it up. "Did she name a price," Draco questioned. "No." "She made a demand of some sort then," he concluded. "No." "She must want something," Draco said. "Did you inform her of my offer increase?" "Yes." "And," he urged. "And she still does not want to sell. I did all that I could." "Did you flirt with the bird," asked Blaise. "That usually gets the girls watering when you coddle and flatter them." "Even then she would not budge," Graham answered with a slight embarrassment to his tone. He was after all a couple years older than the young men who stood before him. He should have been able to handle such a situation. "Must not have done it properly then," Blaise concluded as Theo shook his head with a small smile. "Read her file one more time," Draco motioned to Theo. Theo sighed. "We've been over it a few times already." "There has to be something in there to show a weakness, a desire of some sort that she has," insisted Draco. "Her parents are in Australia, correct? We could bring them back home?" "According to the file, they are content to stay in Australia. She is here alone and lives above the bookstore," Theo scanned the pages. "That's it," Draco snapped his fingers. "A new house, a manor," he corrected. "Offer her the money plus a manor of her choosing," he pointed to Graham. "You want me to go back there again?" "Why else would I be asking you," Draco leaned against the desk. "She left for the day." "To go where," Draco continued to press. He needed that building to be purchased and he would hunt Hermione Granger down to get it done if that was case. From the file he read a dozen times earlier, he knew that she worked part time at a Muggle library. Yes, witches and wizards, your heard correctly. Hermione Granger worked at a Muggle library, far away from the Wizarding world. Why one of the Golden Trio, brightest witch of her age decided to do so was beyond this Slytherin's mind. "She did not specify a location, Draco." "Then go there and wait for her." Graham Montague stood there staring back at his boss. "What if…" "What if she doesn't come back until later on in the night? Then you will wait there until she comes back, late at night or not! You will not leave until she says 'yes'. In fact, forget about tripling the price," Draco waved his wand through the air producing the contract from Graham's hands. "I told you that was too much," Theo responded. "She isn't…" "There," Draco said with finality and the contract shot back to Graham. "You're giving her more," he questioned upon looking at Draco's revision. "Yes. Now go to Granger's and don't come back until she signs that contract!" Graham began to turn around. "Oh and Montague," Draco called out causing him to stop. "If you come back without her signature again, consider yourself fired and that beautiful home you have with young Astoria, gone." Graham Montague gulped and nodded, knowing full well that Draco Malfoy had the power and the means to do whatever it was that he threatened to do. It was such a shame that Hermione Granger was stuck in the middle of it. She could not believe her eyes. There pacing back and forth outside her door was Graham Montague for the third time today. He had been pestering her for the past three months since her grandmother passed away, via letters. She had sent the first dozen back with a resounding 'no'. Even a howler was sent once or twice. But this week, these were the actions of a man in desperation. After ignoring the letters, she should have known, should have expected that he would show up at her front door demanding an answer. "Miss Granger?" "Mr. Montague," she sighed. "To what do I owe the pleasure of your presence in front of my home for yet the third time today?" "You know why I am here." "And you know my answer," she pointedly responded. "Let's not waste any more of each other's time. I don't want to sell. I never will. And even if I do…" "So there is an 'if'," Graham sent a grin Hermione's way. It didn't work earlier and it certainly was not going to work this time. Hermione narrowed her gaze as he blocked her path to the door. "There is no 'if'. As I have mentioned in my first several responses, please thank Mr. Malfoy for his offer but I'm not interested."