AN: this is a story by F, not A (because this is a shared account). I don't own PJO or HoO. Please leave a review/follow/favorite. "I see your bet and raise it five billion kajillion." I said, trying not to break my poker face at the skeptical looks around the table. "Inside joke. I raise it twenty." We went around the table again, and I glanced down at my cards. A winning hand. Like usual. I always win. "I raise your bet twenty." "I fold." The bald man said, setting his cards down on the table and standing up. "I'm out of here." The woman after him folded as well. There was a couple other people at the table, but there was something about the boy sitting directly across from me, the boy with dark hair and sea green eyes, that seemed different. Maybe it was the way he grinned at me over his cards, or the tenseness in his shoulders that made it seem as though he was ready to leap up at any moment. But there was something about him that was different, but I didn't want to stick around to find out what it was. I had a bad feeling about this. As soon as my turn came around, I set my cards on the table, upside down so that nobody saw my winning hand and got suspicious. "I fold too." I quickly stood up and turned away, walking quickly out of the back door of the casino. As I did, I held my breath and focused. I felt my power touching the security guards. As I passed, each one in turn started coughing or suddenly noticed something important in the other direction. I walked out the door labeled, "EMPLOYEES ONLY". I closed it behind me, breathing in the humid alley air. I reached into my pocket and pulled out the first thing I found. Shoving my fake ID back in my other pocket, I found my coin. It was a three-cent silver piece. Balancing it on the back of my thumb, I flipped it up three feet into the air, watching it glint in the streetlight's glow as it landed on my palm. "Heads I go home." I whispered as I caught the coin. I flipped it onto my wrist. Heads. "Alright, then." I muttered, pushing my coin back into my pocket. When I'm not sure about things, I use coin flips. They never lead me wrong. You see, I'm lucky. Really lucky. Luck just always turns in my favor, no matter what the situation. So if the coin said to go home? Then it was time to go home. Besides, something about that boy with the green eyes was still bugging me. But I couldn't place it. I zipped up my faded green hoodie and shoved my hands in the pockets, turning to the side and hurrying down the alley onto the street. There weren't many people on the street. There was a lot of cars in front of the casino, but not many people. Probably all of the people were inside losing money in the middle of glowing signs and loud music. I almost pitied people without my luck-and I didn't understand why I wasn't like them. Not that I was complaining. I just didn't understand it. Being alone isn't a new thing for me. Sometimes I wished I was a normal kid. But what would be the fun in that? I took the long route home, leaving that night's winnings in the donations box at the first homeless shelter I passed. I never kept the money I won-dad and I could get by without the extra. Keeping it would just feel like stealing, so I left it to people who needed it. After that, I walked through the tangle of city streets to downtown. Here the buildings were taller, almost poking the sky, and I had to cross the street to avoid a crowd of drunk college-age boys. Even at night, this city never slept. Cars honked and people shouted, helicopters buzzed overhead and a police siren rang somewhere in the distance. I turned into an alley and scrambled up a fire escape, the cold damp metal turning my fingers numb. Dad and I lived in a small apartment on the tenth floor, so my breath was coming in short gasps by the time I reached my bedroom window. I dug my fingernails under the window pane and pulled, and it lifted enough for me to push it up. I swung my legs inside and closed the window behind me as quietly as I could. But not quietly enough. "Felix? Can you come in here?" My dad's tired voice came from the kitchen. I crossed my fingers for good luck as I pushed the bedroom door open, trying to make it look like I had been asleep. "Felix, now." Before you ask, by the way, my dad's name is Allister McMandy. Everyone calls him Al, though. He looks a lot like me-same sandy blond hair, brown eyes, round face, and kind features. But there's always bags under his eyes from his job as a trucker. He's gone a lot of the time for his work, but I can take care of myself. He's a nice guy, I guess, but he's gone so much we don't really know a lot about each other. And even when he is home, he spends all his time thinking about mom. He's never said it-but I can tell from his eyes. He just sits in the living room, staring out the window at nothing. I don't even remember mom. She left just after I was born. Dad told me once that she left a note, but he's never let me see it. He says that when I'm old enough he'll let me read it. But I don't really believe him. I don't think of him as my father-he's just that guy that I live with and am related too. It's not that kind of relationship. Dad stood in the kitchen, leaning against the counter and holding a cup of coffee. He gave me a tired look when I came in, and motioned for me to sit down at the kitchen table. I scraped back a chair and sat down, wondering if dad knew I had been sneaking out. "I know you've been leaving the house at night, Felix." Dad sighed, sitting down across from me. That answered that question. "And I know you've been using a fake ID to get into the casinos." "How do you know?" I squeaked. My stomach hurt. I wondered if I was grounded. I wondered if I was going to get arrested. Would I go to jail, or would they just want the money back? Would I still go to jail when I told them the money was gone? "The police called me. The security at the casino realized that your ID was faked, and called the police, who called me." "Am I in trouble?" "You can bet you're in trouble!" Dad slammed his hand down on the table angrily. I jumped, and he rubbed his nose. "Sorry, Felix. But now did you even get a fake ID?" His eyes drifted to the window, and I knew he was thinking about mom again. "Where did I go wrong?" Then he jumped, like he realized what he was doing, and turned back to me, knuckles white on his coffee mug. "The police are making you transfer to a juvenile detention boarding school for the rest of the school year." "But I-" "Look, Felix, there's nothing I can do. If you didn't want to get in trouble, you shouldn't have gotten a fake ID and cheated at casinos. And for what, Felix? Clothes? Jewelry?" "I don't cheat!" "The security said that you won every game you played. Even Roulette . Roulette, Felix? Really? He said you played three times. Nobody wins at Roulette three times in a row. How could you not be cheating?" "I just… I just win. I'm lucky, like a superpower!" He raised an eyebrow. Okay, try the "new kid" card. "C'mon dad, don't make me switch schools in the middle of the year!" "It's not my decision to make, Felix. It's just to the end of the year, and then you can move back to your normal school for next year. But if you pull a stunt like this again, then you'll be arrested." "But I…." I stopped talking. There was no way I was getting out of this, anyway. I shouldn't dig my grave deeper. "Okay." "Go to bed, Felix." Dad said, and he sounded tired. I stood up, and was almost in my room when he said something that stopped me cold. "This is all your mother's fault." I turned back around to face him, and his face had gone pale, like he'd only just realized that he'd said that out loud. "Dad, what do you mean this is mom's fault? How can this be mom's fault?" He just shook his head, still looking shocked. "Dad! What does this have to do with mom!" I was barely keeping from shouting now. He opened his mouth and closed it again, then reached inside his jacket. There was a pocket inside the lining that I hadn't noticed before. He reached into it and pulled out a folded piece of notebook paper with something written on it in neat cramped pen writing. He handed it to me without saying anything. I looked down and started to read. Dear Felix, my daughter, I left you this letter when I left so that I could tell you the truth myself. The truth about me-and about you. I am sorry that I cannot tell you all of this in person, but know that if I could be with you I would. If I stayed with you and your father it would throw luck out of balance as I became human, and that would be dangerous. Can you imagine a world without luck, Felix? No lucky shots, no lucky wins, no faith in the unknown? It would be dark and frightening, and my job is to prevent it from happening. Without me, there would be no prosperity, only eternal poverty, fear, hate. You have many gifts, Felix. You are one of the most important people in the world, even if you haven't figured it out yet. I have blessed you with luck, as I do all my children, and you are strong even without that. You should also know that I loved your father dearly. Please tell him that. If I could have stayed I would, please believe me. But I could not. You are probably wondering who I am, if you are reading this. If your father has not already told you, my name is Tyche. I am the greek goddess of luck and prosperity. And you are my demigod daughter, blessed with my gifts. One day everything will change, and you shall find that the most dangerous thing in the world is sometimes yourself, and the hardest battle we can fight is the one that was right before our eyes all along. That doesn't make sense now: but it will. I know you are angry with me-like mother like daughter. But remember: Your true power will be shown when you have nothing left to fight for. At least, this is what the fates have told me. I am not sure if this is true, but if it is I wish you much luck. Not that you don't already have that. Love and luck, my daugher. TYCHE I looked up at dad. He sat at the kitchen table, his face resting in his hands. He let out a low sigh, and slowly lifted his head. His eyes were more tired then usual. "So now you know." I nodded numbly. "But-it can't be true, can it? How can mom be a goddess? Was she delusional or