Title: Justice's Voice Disclaimer: J. K. Rowling and associates own these characters. I am writing this story for fun and not profit. Pairing: Harry/Draco Content Notes: Dark Arts, violence, angst, Auror fic Rating: R Wordcount: This part 3600 words Summary: After a case he botched, Auror Harry Potter has to train with Draco Malfoy to learn the difference between Dark magic, which he doesn't always have to pursue, and evil magic, which the Aurors were formed to eradicate. He didn't expect his lessons to get so…intense. Author's Notes: Another July Celebration fic, based on a prompt that someone gave me a few years ago. This will be two parts, with the second of them posted tomorrow. Justice's Voice "So I'll be training with the Unspeakables?" Harry asked Madam Kellen, his immediate supervisor, as he stepped off the lift into the Department of Mysteries. "Nothing so plebian, Potter." The voice echoed against the dark stones of the corridor. Harry jerked and turned around, but kept his hand off his wand. After the sanctions that the Wizengamot had threatened to place him under, he wasn't going to touch it in the Ministry unless it was a life-threatening emergency. Malfoy stepped up to him and studied him in a leisurely way. Harry looked back at him and made sure to keep his grimace off his face. Malfoy wore heavy dark blue velvet robes that made him look as if he was on his way to a ballroom. They had small silver dots sprinkled over them that sparked like gleams of fire. Definitely not what Unspeakables wear. Madam Kellen cleared her throat. "You're to tell him only what you absolutely must, Mr. Malfoy." Harry clenched his teeth, but said nothing. It was true that his Occlumency was still piss-poor. Anyone could read secrets out of his head if they tried hard enough and had the right level of Legilimency. "Of course, madam." Malfoy studied Harry one more time, and then held out his arm and gestured grandly behind him. "We'll go through that door. I'm to conduct your training to make sure that you understand the distinction between Dark wizards and evil wizards." Harry glanced at Madam Kellen, but she only nodded sternly at him, her thick black hair moving around her face. Harry bit back another grimace. He knew this was the lightest penalty they were willing to give him and have him remain in the Aurors, after he'd made such a mess of the Sunderstar case. "All right, Malfoy," he said, and walked past him. There was a plain black door there, like the one that had led to the revolving room when he was here in his fifth year. But when his flinching hand touched it, nothing happened except that it opened and revealed another lift, this one made of what looked like black metal. Malfoy said something to Madam Kellen that Harry didn't try to overhear, and followed him. He touched a section of the lift's wall that looked no different from the others to Harry, and the lift whirled around a quarter of a turn and began to rapidly sink. Harry waited with his arms folded for Malfoy to say something. But he didn't until the lift had started slowing down at what was presumably the bottom of the shaft. "I wondered why they were asking a Starling to train you," Malfoy murmured. "But I think I see it now. You have some potential for the Dark Arts." "I don't think I need to know Dark Arts to learn about the differences between kinds of magic," Harry said, keeping his gaze fastened on the side of the lift. It slid soundlessly open a second later, and Harry saw a corridor ahead with subdued light glowing through one wall. It made the building—cavern, tunnel, Harry couldn't tell what it was—look like the inside of a black diamond. "Of course you're going to be practicing them, Potter," Malfoy said with easy indifference, as he walked ahead of Harry and opened a door in what looked like air. Harry started, but then followed him through the glassy panel before Malfoy could shut it. Now they appeared to be in a slightly brighter room with paneled walls and a huge fireplace. Malfoy shed his robes and floated them up to a strip of glittering marble in the wall. "How can you know how they feel otherwise?" "But all I need to know is how to arrest the right kind of people." Malfoy grinned and turned around. "And that's what an Auror does, according to you?" "I thought an Auror protected people from Dark magic, but apparently I was mistaken." "You trespassed on private land and interrupted an inheritance ritual. What did you think was going to happen?" "The trespassing part I got," Harry snapped. He'd thought he had authorization to be there, but it had become obvious, around Madam Kellen's fifth scolding, that he didn't. "But what the fuck is an inheritance ritual?" Malfoy stared at him. "You don't know that?" "No one would bloody explain it!" Malfoy sighed as he flicked his wand at the wall and some more lights came up, brilliant white ones that made Harry wince and want to shield his eyes. "They probably assumed you knew already," he muttered. "Most of the wizards in our world either grow up with that or don't get jobs that require them to know these things." "Yes, I know all about the prejudice against Muggleborns in the Auror ranks." Malfoy gave him an odd glance, but said nothing except, "Why don't you take off your robes, Potter? This is going to take a while." Reluctantly, Harry slid his Auror robes off his shoulders and looked up at the line of marble on the wall. He couldn't tell how Malfoy had hung his there, unless he'd used a Sticking Charm. Harry got ready to try one, but Malfoy took them from him instead. "I've spilled my blood in every corner of this room," he told Harry softly, and flung the robes up into the air. They turned of their own free will and stuck to the marble next to Malfoy's. "One of the more innocent applications of blood magic there is. Yet wizards who don't understand the Dark Arts want to ban that , too, of course." Harry sat back in his chair. Now that he could see better, he noticed a few separate circles of chairs, each of them made of a pair placed around a low central table. "What do you need to tell me that's going to take a while, Malfoy?" "Not tell you. Show you. Attune you." Malfoy sat down in the other chair, which looked identical to Harry's, and laid his hand on the table with a look of intense concentration on his face. The table shuddered, and a hole opened up in the middle of it. With a soft sound, a glittering, faceted crystal rose out of the hole and settled with a click into the wood. Harry stared, and blinked. The crystal looked like a geode, deep purple with explosions of blue and black in the facets. Malfoy arched an eyebrow at him. "You've never seen one of these before." "I'm pretty ignorant, you're acting like." "You are," said Malfoy calmly. "But this crystal will help me see how much I'm going to have to teach you." "How?" Harry eyed the crystal, ready to draw his wand if it spoke or something. After his experience with Tom Riddle's diary, he tended to heed Mr. Weasley's advice about magical things with no visible place for their brains. "It's hard to explain—" " Try, Malfoy." "Surely by now, Potter," Malfoy said, his voice smoother than Harry remembered from Hogwarts, "you've noticed that I'm not being hostile to you. That's because I can't if I'm to teach you about the Dark Arts. Teacher and pupil have to have absolute trust in each other." Harry stared at him. "You are shitting me." Malfoy sat there and looked at him. Harry sighed and laid his wand across his lap. "Okay. How will this crystal help you find out what I need to—attune, or whatever?" Malfoy smiled, a slight, inflexible bend of his lips. "It will tell me how great your talent for Dark Arts is, how Dark your magic is. Or your soul. There are different names for it. I prefer to call it talent, because none of the names really capture the essence of the whole." He waved a hand at what seemed to be Harry's robes. "The crystal resonates with your talent. It shows me what kinds of explanations I need to give and what I can skip, and what sorts of spells we can start with." Harry tried to ignore all the warning bells sounding in the back of his head about Dark souls, and his memories of Voldemort. He focused on the crystal when Malfoy pointed his wand at it, and tried to breathe slowly and normally. The crystal seemed to grow until it loomed over him. Harry would have asked if that was normal, but he found he couldn't take his gaze from the crystal or speak. Sparks were leaping across the facets. Harry leaned closer, and found the chair was gone, too. He seemed to be floating in darkness, just him and the crystal. The purple-black colors swirled in front of him, drawing him further and further in. Harry breathed, and reached out a hand because it seemed like the right thing to do. A facet hovered right in front of him, inviting him to touch it. The minute he brushed it, a rich, deep note sounded from the crystal, one so deep that it sounded as if it was coming from beneath Harry. Harry gasped. The next second, he was back in Malfoy's room, sitting across from him while Malfoy watched him intently. "Well." Malfoy was smiling more broadly this time, although it still looked like a nasty expression to Harry. "You resonate at a deep, Dark level with the crystal, Harry. It's not going to be as much of a pain teaching you as I thought it was." "Why call me by my first name?" Unnerved, Harry pulled back as the table opened again and the crystal sank into it. "The bond between teacher and pupil in the Dark Arts is built on trust, I told you that," Malfoy said softly. "And we're going to have to descend rather far to create this one. All you have are bad memories of me saying your last name. So I'll replace those memories." Harry bit his lip against what he wanted to say. He had botched up the Sunderstar case, he repeated to himself. So he had to be here. He had to pass this test, whatever it really was, and then he could go back to being a regular Auror. "Fine," he said. "Can you tell me what you mean by being a Starling? And where am I going to sleep? And eat?" Madam Kellen had made it plain that Harry would be staying in the Ministry for the duration of his lessons, which was depressing. But Harry was resigned to it. Malfoy gestured at the wall again, and this time the band of glittering marble lit up so that light spilled everywhere in the room. There was a small kitchen set off behind a half-wall over to the side, and Harry saw another door standing open with beds behind it. "You'll share my kitchen and bedroom," Malfoy said, and turned around to watch him as if waiting for his objection. You want your job, you want your job, Harry repeated to himself. "Okay, Malfoy—" "Draco. You say my name with hatred and contempt. It's a name for a boy you've made up in your head. You're going to say my name, and mean me, your teacher." Malfoy's eyes were as dark and intent as the crystal. "Okay, Draco," Harry said. "Can I have