Title: Other People's Choices Disclaimer: J. K. Rowling and associates own these characters. I am writing this story for fun and not profit. Pairing: None; this is a gen story Content Notes: AU of CoS, angst, present tense Rating: PG-13 Wordcount: 4430 Summary: AU. The Sorting Hat doesn't just let the Sword go when it falls on Harry's head in the Chamber, but also Sorts him again, this time into Slytherin. Harry is furious and terrified, and the adults aren't helping much. Author's Notes: This is another of my Advent fics in response to an anonymous request for Harry being re-Sorted into Slytherin when the Sorting Hat hits his head in CoS. The title is based on Dumbledore's quote: "It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." Other People's Choices "And I still think that you would be a great SLYTHERIN !" The Sorting Hat said that when it fell onto Harry's head in the Chamber. Harry didn't pay it much attention at the time. He was rather busy trying not to die. But now, in Dumbledore's office, with Ginny still alive and safe, and Tom Riddle defeated, and the Sword of Gryffindor returned to its proper place, the Sorting Hat is speaking to Dumbledore and Snape, and it's, it keeps insisting that what it said is right. "I should never have let him argue with me in the first place," says the Sorting Hat gruffly, twisting around on the shelf where Dumbledore has placed it so its mouth is pointing at Harry. "I thought about it for the last two years. I almost never let other children who argue with me go into different Houses. Why should I let him? And now I know that he'll make a good one." "No," Harry says. He doesn't care that he aches all over and there's still some blood on the hem of his robe where his basilisk wound bled. "No, Headmaster. Please, I can't be a Slytherin." He refuses to look at Snape, who leans against the doorway like a monster's shadow. "I can't go there." "So above my House, Potter?" "I think we should at least listen to Harry's reasons, Severus." It fills Harry with an enormous, crushing relief, to hear those words. He stares right into Dumbledore's eyes and says fiercely, "Slytherin is full of people who hate me. What am I going to have to do, watch my back every minute of every day? They'll play pranks on me and steal my things. They hated me even before a lot of people thought I was the Heir of Slytherin. Now they'll hate me more because I destroyed Slytherin's basilisk. So I need to stay out of there." "It is a compelling argument," Dumbledore agrees, smoothing a hand down his beard. Harry sags in his chair. "Where a student's personal safety is concerned—" "I think you'll find that you have no say, Albus," the Sorting Hat interrupts, and it sounds smug. "Haven't you noticed the way the crest on Mr. Potter's robes has changed? And his trunk and other belongings are in the dungeons. And so is an extra bed." Harry is tired and at the end of his rope, and it's the only reason he can think of for what he screams at the Hat next. "So you don't care if I die? Or at least get bullied? You just think it'll be, what, good for me? You're as bad as Aunt Petunia! Except I stopped believing her when she said things were for my own good when I was six , and you—and you—" Harry sinks back into his chair and puts his hands over his face. His shoulders are shaking. He shivers. He feels as though the basilisk's cold poison is still pumping through him, but this time, he's scared because he won't die. Into the silence, both Snape and the Sorting Hat try to speak at the same time. Snape falls silent first, though. Harry feels so dull that he can't even smile about that right now. "Of course not, Harry. Please let me assure you that I would never have done this if I thought you would be seriously in danger." It hesitates for a second, and then continues, "I am linked to the ancient magic of the school. I can feel shifts in belief among the student body. It's one reason that some years a few Muggleborns go into Slytherin and other years none do. I can feel whether it would be too dangerous for them that year, or not." Harry hesitates. He wants to argue, but he did notice that last year no Muggleborns went into Slytherin and this year a few did. He drops his hands and stares resentfully at the Hat. "And what, they don't hate me for defeating Voldemort anymore?" "I would say that some of them still dislike you for that," says the Sorting Hat. "But they don't hate you, no. And it started when you revealed that you were a Parselmouth." "But I made Malfoy look bad. And he's important in Slytherin." "Most of them don't consider that you did that on purpose. It only happened at all because he was the one to summon the snake." The Sorting Hat twists around a little and winks a fold of itself at Harry. "And a Parselmouth belongs in Slytherin." "Yeah, that's what the rest of the school thinks, too." Harry brushes his hand over the bloody snake crest on the front of his robes. "They're going to think they were right. The Hufflepuffs. The Slytherins. That I'm evil." "Slytherins are not evil," says Snape in the kind of snide voice he's always using on Neville. "We will make it clear that the basilisk is dead and there are going to be no more petrifying incidents," says Dumbledore. He's leaning one hand on his desk and stretching the other out to Harry. His eyes are so kind. Harry wishes he could believe it would be all right. "Your friends are being woken up as we speak, Harry. The school will accept you again." Harry says nothing. He wants to think that, but the Hat could be mistaken about at least some people. What if it's only right about, say, sixty percent of Slytherin? That leaves the other forty percent to make Harry's life miserable. "I did not mean that a Parselmouth belongs in Slytherin because it's a Dark Art," says the Sorting Hat. "I mean that the Slytherins think a Parselmouth belongs there. They've always thought so, but it's been mostly a passive opinion for years, because there were none for so long. Now there's you. You will have a welcome place there, Harry Potter. They can be proud of you." Harry turns his head without meaning to to look at Snape. No matter how much the other Slytherins come to accept him, there are two who never will: Snape and Malfoy. Snape only tilts his head as if he was imitating Harry. He has his arms folded, but his face is neutral. Harry sighs. He wishes he could think that meant something good for him, but Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia sometimes look the same way when they're ordering him to his cupboard. He thought Hogwarts was going to be an escape from the Dursleys. Now he realizes how much is similar. "You will survive there." "That's not the same as having fun or really enjoying myself," Harry says dully, and stands up. He reckons that they're going to the Slytherin common room, and Snape is going to introduce him to his new "Housemates." Harry probably won't even get to see Hermione this evening. Or Ginny, who's already been bustled off to the hospital wing. "You will do that, too." Harry gives the Sorting Hat a doubtful glance he can't help as he follows Snape out. He reminds himself to call the man Professor Snape now, and not just because Dumbledore wants him to. He'll probably be absolutely merciless to any Slytherin who doesn't. Slytherin. Slimy Slytherin. I can't believe that's me, now. Harry thinks some more about it as he and Snape ride the moving staircase down from Dumbledore's office. He supposes that Snape won't take any more points from Harry in Potions, now, because he never does from his own House, but that doesn't mean he won't assign detentions. He sometimes does that even to Slytherins. And he'll be harder on me. He'll find some excuse. He'll think that the Sorting Hat's lying, or he'll be angry because I wasn't jumping for joy about being Sorted there. "Why did you try to avoid Slytherin when the Hat first wanted to place you there?" Harry starts. To his surprise, they're not going towards the dungeons. Snape has turned towards the infirmary instead. Harry wonders if he wants to pick up some potions from Madam Pomfrey. "Mr. Potter. I am waiting for an answer." Snape's eyes are still neutral, but not his voice. Oh, so it's starting already. Harry answers as carefully as he could. "I'd met Malfoy on the train. The first thing he did was insult Ron and tell me I needed to know the right sort of people. And I knew he wanted to be in Slytherin, and I knew Hagrid told me Voldemort—" Snape's hand shoots out and fastens on Harry's shoulder. Harry doesn't flinch. He got over that years ago when Uncle Vernon used to grab him there. Snape stares down at him piercingly. "You will find that it is not a wise move to address the Dark Lord by his name." Well, Harry's going to be damned if he calls Voldemort the bloody Dark Lord. He takes another breath and tries, "Hagrid told me that You-Know-Who came from there. Why would I want to be in the same House as someone who killed my parents? Sir." Snape studies him, and then lets Harry's shoulder go and continues walking towards the hospital wing. "How long did you know Mr. Weasley before Mr. Malfoy insulted him?" Harry thinks back. It's hard to be sure. "Ten minutes, maybe." "And you immediately leaped to the conclusion of where you wanted to spend seven years based on a ten-minute acquaintance?" "Ron is the first friend I ever had." Snape recoils from him. It's probably that friendship is poison to great bloody gits, Harry thinks. It's satisfying. He doesn't expect to get much satisfaction in the next five years, so he'll take what he can get. "You—that is not true." "My relatives weren't my friends. My cousin kept any other kids away from me in school, and my relatives told everyone that I was a horrible person who made trouble all the time and was going to attend a school for criminal boys. What was I supposed to do?" Snape only stares at him some more, and then turns around again. Harry follows with a faint sigh. Snape probably doesn't believe him. No one ever does when he tells them about the Dursleys. "That will change," Snape says over his shoulder. "I won't stop being friends with Ron just because I'm a Slytherin ." "I did not mean—I meant that you will have more friends among your new House than you think." That doesn't seem worth responding to, so Harry doesn't. They don't say anything else all the way to the hospital wing, in fact. When they come in, Snape lets a hand hover behind his back, and Harry moves away from it, which means he moves in the direction of a bed instead of the small crowd around Ginny and Hermione. "Another student to check over, Madam Pomfrey," Snape says in the kind of cool voice Harry hates the most, as if nothing matters more than whatever he's saying. Madam Pomfrey starts to turn towards him, and Harry immediately shakes his head and pulls up his sleeve so that she can see the clean scar on his arm. "I'm