Title: Quite the Education Disclaimer: J. K. Rowling and associates own these characters. I am writing this story for fun and not profit. Pairing: Harry/Draco Content Notes: Voyeurism, exhibitionism, object insertion, some humiliation Rating: R Wordcount: 5200 Summary: Draco knew that Potter had promised him something that would go beyond anything else they'd done together. He just wonders, as the moment gets closer and closer for Potter's surprise to spring, if he should regret agreeing. Author's Notes: This is the sixth (and last) story in my Eighth-Year Professors series, and comes after "Kinesthetic Learners," "Lessons Returned," "Speaking Lessons," "Teacher by Example," and "Schooled." It would be best to read all those stories first, so as to be familiar with the characters and situations. And thanks for waiting and asking for this story, everyone. I know you waited a long time. Quite the Education Draco could feel the eyes on him. No one else could. No one knew for certain—although Potter's friends might suspect—that it was Draco who had caused Potter's little demonstration in the Great Hall the other day. They could stare and mutter darkly among themselves, but that wasn't the same as confronting Draco about it and demanding an explanation. The eyes were Potter's alone. His friends surrounded and crowded him everywhere he went, either demanding to know why he'd come in front of everyone in the Great Hall the other day or maybe attempting to protect him from whatever evil outside influence was responsible for those public orgasms. Draco didn't know which. He didn't care which. He only cared that their guardianship wasn't strict enough to stop Potter's eyes from finding him. Draco could feel Potter's gaze burning on the back of his neck when they walked along the corridors between classes and Draco was ahead of him. He could feel Potter looking at him during meals in the Great Hall, never steadily, because that would probably attract attention, but with little darts of burning glances like being scattered with leaping embers. He could feel Potter's eyes when they were outside during Quidditch practice or because one of them had wanted to seek the fresh air at night. All of that told Draco that it wasn't over, even more clearly than their conversation in the hospital wing had. And he agreed silently, as he had agreed then. He made no attempt to resist or hide. He could have. All he would have had to do was tell their professors that he and Potter were playing a game of revenge that had got out of hand, and they would have intervened to protect him, he knew. Professor McGonagall in particular had made several loud references to "rivalries with no purpose" and "childish conflicts that should have been set aside after the war." Potter's friends didn't confront Draco, either, and Draco knew they probably wanted to. Which meant Potter had held them back, just as he had held back from spinning a tale to the professors that could have made him look good. Instead, they orbited each other in a silent, private game, waiting for the moment when the promised culmination would come. When the game, Draco knew without a doubt, even though he didn't know what Potter would do exactly yet, would cease to be either silent or private. And when Draco, at the very least, would come. "I don't know, right now, if it would be more fun to tell you what I plan or leave you to guess." Draco closed his eyes. The words rolled over the back of his neck and slid into the small hair there, which stood straight up. A second later, it did the same thing under the touch of the slow hand that slid down his nape until it reached the join with his shoulders. "You have no idea how wonderful you look right now." Draco let himself slump backwards, until he was resting with his head dangling on Potter's own shoulder. Potter pushed Draco's hair away from the side of his neck and leaned in, reminding Draco of some of the vampire games he had played when he was a child. But none of his playmates had ever made his skin sweat like this, or stand straight up, yearning for the bite he was sure would come. "I still don't know the answer to my question, though," Potter whispered, a second later. "I think you're the one who's going to have to tell me." Draco made an attempt to pull his thundering pulse back under control, and swallowed. Potter caught his breath. The thrill of the pleasure turned sharper, slicing. Before, Draco had been more than half afraid of what Potter was going to do to him, fearing as much as he craved the pleasure. But now, he knew that he could affect Potter the same way. This was going to end, but only in the way a phoenix ended. Draco put up one hand and clenched it around Potter's. "I want to know," he said. "I just don't want to be able to stop it." Potter simply quit breathing this time. Then he grabbed Draco and practically flung him into the wall of the little corridor of the dungeons where Draco had stopped him on his way back from detention. Draco let his head dangle and droop on the stone this time, and only opened his eyes languidly when Potter hissed a command to do so. Potter stood there and stared at him. His eyes shone in the faint light of his Lumos Charm like the eyes of a predator. Draco remembered Fenrir Greyback lying by the fire and looking like that. But his desire transformed even that monstrous memory into one that ached and sparked, instead of frightened. He reached up and placed a hand on Potter's shoulder. "That's good, then," Potter said, and Draco knew what he was saying as much by the shapes of his lips as by the sound of his voice. There was barely any sound there at all. "Because I don't plan to stop." Draco nodded, and leaned in until only hot air separated their mouths. "What are you going to do?" Potter traced the shape of Draco's lips without touching them. Draco let his tongue lap out, but didn't touch Potter's fingers, either. This was what made it all the better, the desire beating between them like wings until it was forced down and made to blaze. "I'm going to cast a spell that means your body does whatever it desires at that particular point in time," whispered Potter, as easy as a lover. "Regardless of what your mind thinks about things. What your body needs, it'll take ." Draco shook, and his hands clamped into place on Potter's shoulders for a second as he thrust against him. Potter hissed, but didn't move, just standing there until Draco came back to some semblance of his senses. "Yes," Draco whispered. "Yes, I want that. When?" "Tomorrow." Potter's lips brushed past his ear. "Do you think you can handle it?" "That doesn't matter. I want it." There was silence and motionlessness for a second between them, and Draco thought Potter might snap and take him early after all. But then Potter let out a fleeting little breath and stepped back. "Until tomorrow, then," he said, and left, and Draco made his way as fast as he could to the Slytherin dungeons, and wanked hard in his bed, and fell asleep to dream. Draco knew it was going to happen in History of Magic when he saw the way Potter avoided looking at him as he and his merry little band of Gryffindors walked through the door. He hadn't avoided looking at Draco in the Great Hall at lunch, or even during Potions. But now he turned his eyes away as if he thought something bad would happen if he so much as sneaked a glance. Draco leaned his elbows on the table in front of him and tried to keep them from trembling. Pansy, beside him, gave him an unsympathetic glance. She didn't like the way he had disrupted McGonagall's class once when Potter made himself invisible and wanked in front of Draco, and while Draco hadn't admitted he was the one who'd made Potter orgasm at lunch the other day, he knew Pansy suspected. "What game are you playing now ?" Pansy demanded in a fierce whisper. Draco opened his mouth to answer—the day he couldn't come up with a good deflecting reply for a friend was the day that he gave up on being a Slytherin at all—but he felt a twitch deep in his stomach and simply shut his mouth and shrugged. The twitch grew, becoming a warm swirl that bore its way up his throat to his mouth. Draco wondered if it would make him shout out his pleasure once the spell began to affect him. But it didn't. Apparently Draco's body didn't desire that sort of expression. Instead, Draco felt his legs part under the table, and the warmth in his belly grew and puddled. He was hard now, his bollocks full. Draco didn't dare look at Pansy or lick his lips. It was like feeling a stranger manipulate him, kind of, but it was also springing from no one but him. It was strange, and wonderful. "Draco? Did you hear me?" But Binns floated into the classroom then and began to lecture about one of the interminable goblin wars, and Pansy had to shut up. Draco sighed and lowered his head onto his folded arms, as if he was going to escape into sleep the way that so many students still did in History of Magic. Really, though, it was a good means to hide his expressions. And the hand that had snaked down between his legs to slowly take himself in hand, stroking. The motions were so minute that Draco thought they would probably be hard to see from a distance. Especially under the table. But his hand was pulling more strongly in seconds, pausing near the tip so he could rub down the way he liked. Or his body liked. Draco hadn't actually known he preferred that kind of almost painful pressure. In scant seconds, it wasn't enough anymore. Draco whimpered a little as his fingers probed and squeezed at him, pausing as though they didn't know where they would go next. The anticipation of where they would go next was enough to make his mouth water. And so was the sensation of Potter's eyes on him, burning steadily, and the thought of what Potter's hand was probably doing. Of course Draco didn't turn to look; he didn't know if he could. That wasn't what his body wanted at the moment. His hand began to move. "Draco, I am warning you." Pansy's voice made Draco's head jerk sideways, and he opened his mouth, meaning to reassure her. He never got the chance, as his fingers seized his nipple and tweaked it violently, and the other hand rose and covered his mouth. Binns noticed nothing, of course; he was rambling on about something that had to do with a vault. Draco tilted his head back and closed his eyes. The sound of rushing water, rushing blood, in his ears fought with the heat in his face. His body liked that. He tweaked his nipple again, and again, and if people were laughing at him, he couldn't hear them. There was only one person whose approval or touch mattered to him, and right now, Draco was satisfied to know that he was putting on a show for him. His legs spread, his hips bouncing as he thought about the picture he was probably presenting, even if most of him was under the table. His mouth opened, and the hand that had been covering it slid inside, his fingers delving curiously into the places behind his teeth as though he'd never touched them before. " Draco ." Maybe Pansy was