Title: A Malfoy Marriage Disclaimer: J. K. Rowling and associates own these characters. I am writing this story for fun and not profit. Content Notes: Magical bonding, angst, collars, D/s dynamics Pairings: Established Harry/Draco, mentions of Lucius/Narcissa Wordcount: 6900 Rating: R Summary: Draco and Harry have been together for years, and Harry is ready to marry Draco if that's what he wants. But Malfoy marriage customs are odd enough that Draco doesn't want to try them on a partner who's not committed. Harry agrees to a marriage with those old customs, not knowing what he's getting into. Author's Notes: This is the second of my July Celebration fics, based on an idea I've had for a while. A Malfoy Marriage "You don't know what you're asking for." Draco's voice was hoarse, and the wine in the glass in front of him twitched as he balanced it in his hand. Harry leaned forwards enough to clasp his wrist. Draco went still at once, the way he often did when Harry touched him there. "I can't know unless you tell me, that much is true." Harry spread his fingers out and carefully rubbed them back and forth. The fire crackled softly off to the left, through the open door came the sounds of Winky and Kreacher making dinner, and the flat's windows showed the usual enchanted view of the ocean at night that Harry liked. It ought to be a relaxed enough atmosphere, but Draco only stared at him with motionless eyes. "Will you tell me?" "Our ways aren't modern. Even Mother found them hard to adapt to when she married Father, and she was a Black." Draco paused to sip some more wine. Harry kept his hand in place and waited. There had to be more than that. Harry had dealt with every kind of old-fashioned attitude as he and Draco got used to dating each other, including some Draco hadn't realized Harry would see that way. "It-requires an absolute submission of mate to Malfoy," Draco said, and stopped. The fire played on the glass and his fingers and in his eyes. "It's symbolic. It doesn't mean that we need to continue that submission in our marriage. But the wedding needs to be that way. Or it doesn't take." "You can't inherit?" Draco nodded jerkily, not looking up. "Some of my indirect ancestors preferred to leave their property to distant cousins rather than get married in that way, either because they couldn't stand it or their would-be spouses couldn't." Harry only shook his head, wondering what impression he'd given Draco that he couldn't endure a little submission. "I can do it." "You have no idea how intense it is." "As intense as my desire to marry you?" Draco looked up this time. Harry leaned forwards and, with a deep breath, dropped the shields he always kept instinctively half-up now, letting Draco into his mind, to explore his desire. Draco's breath hissed between his teeth, and he leaned away from Harry just as Winky and Kreacher appeared with the salads. "Merlin. You-you want me that much." "Love you that much. Yeah." Draco half-turned his head, so that Harry was looking more into shadows than into his eyes, and murmured, "Let me think about it. I'll-need to consider it." Harry leaned further back with a satisfied little smile, convinced that he had at least made a dent in Draco's reluctance. And how bad can marriage rites be? Harry opened his eyes. Thanks to the paranoia he'd carried around with him since the war, he had wards up on the flat that were linked to his very brain. They alerted him the moment someone opened a Floo connection anywhere in the house, or tried to Apparate in, or flew on a broom overhead. But they would also pick up traces of a familiar magical signature, and for now, they twanged at him. Harry rushed down to the drawing room, not bothering with a shirt. Draco's face floated in the fire. "I thought about it," he said. "And I want the marriage with you, Harry. If you can bear the first step in the rites." He took a breath so deep that it made his image waver. "Can I come through?" "Of course," Harry murmured, and spent a moment gesturing with his wand in the precise patterns needed to drop a small part of the wards. Draco stepped through. He held his hands awkwardly in front of him, and Harry caught his breath when he saw what they contained: a slinky silver necklace, made of flat, plated links that showed it was really a collar, not a necklace. They sparked like moonlight, more white than grey. "This is what you have to do first." Draco kept stopping to lick his lips. If they were anywhere near as dry as Harry's, that wasn't a surprise. "You have to wear this. And you have to accept the way it links your mind to mine." Harry gave him a sharp look as he reached out to take the collar from Draco. "The link is one-way, isn't it?" Draco nodded slowly. "It lets me read your emotions and get a sense of your thoughts if you're thinking one thing loudly enough. It doesn't let you do the same for me." He hesitated, then added, "Lots of Malfoy spouses in the past couldn't stand the vulnerability of it." "I would already let you in whenever you like." Draco caught his breath with a snap of air. His eyes were locked on Harry, devouring his expression more than the flat, naked planes of his chest. "You mean that." "Of course I do," Harry said gently, and placed the collar around his neck. For a moment, nothing happened. Then the links sank into his skin, and Harry stared down at what appeared to be a moonlit scar around his throat. And on the nape of his neck, as he discovered when he reached back with one hand. The flash of the silver was nothing compared to the flash in his mind. Harry clutched his head in his hands. "It's the link. I know I shouldn't have—" Harry shook his head and held up his hand. "No. It was just sudden, that's all. Give me a second." While Draco hovered next to him, Harry carefully felt at the bond that had opened in his mind, feeling around it with his thoughts like he would use his tongue on a loose tooth. Yes, there was something there. It felt warm and muffled. Harry knew immediately that he wouldn't be able to reach along it to the person on the other side. As Draco had said, it went one way only. But that didn't matter. Harry opened his eyes and looked at himself in the mirror across the room. Chained and collared with silver. Shining with moonlight. One hand still raised as if he could trace the link that spread from his temple along the mental air to Draco. And Draco standing behind him, seemingly frozen, his lips parted slightly with shock. Harry turned around and lifted his head to kiss him. "I still want to marry you." And from the hungry, clutching way Draco's arms descended on his shoulders, from how he bowed his head and used his lips, Harry knew Draco was feeling the truth of that sentiment through their bond. "I can't stand it." Harry blinked and forced his eyes open. He'd spent most of the morning and afternoon in St. Mungo's, after coming there straight from a collapse in Diagon Alley. Of course, the collapse was explainable; he'd lost of a lot of blood to the wand of the Dark wizard he was dueling. Draco stood by his bed, staring at him. He was trembling a little. Harry winced. He hadn't had time before he fainted to think about what the burst of his emotions would tell Draco through the link. "Hey," he whispered, and held out a hand. Draco came and took the hand, bowing his head. "I can't stand you going into danger. I can't stand your fear and anger searing through me like this." Harry swallowed. "Do you—do you want to cancel the marriage rites?" He had no power to remove the collar himself, something else that Draco said had driven Malfoy spouses literally mad in the past before, but Draco could. " No ." Draco stared at him again, and then shuddered. "I've already—I've got so used to the link in my mind." He played with something in his robe pocket, his gaze still locked on Harry. "I was already asking you if you would mind continuing the bond beyond the wedding. It would be more comfortable." "We could do that." For a second, Draco's frozen face relaxed, and he shook his head. "How can you put up with this?" he breathed, collapsing into the chair that stood beside the bed. "There are so many stories about how no one can. My mother had to take Calming Draughts on a regular basis to get through it, and you—I know the only time you take them is when you're forced to." Harry squeezed his hand. "I trust you." "And for that…it really is simple." "It really is." Harry privately wondered if it was because he wasn't a Dark pure-blood, and most of the people who would have married into the Malfoy family were, but he wasn't about to ask that. Draco bowed his head over their joined hands for a few minutes. Then he sighed and pulled the thing out of his pocket. Harry cocked his head at it. It appeared to be another collar, but considerably smaller than the silver one, which went halfway down his chest. This would clasp close around his neck, and it shimmered as if it was made of jade. "I can't ask you to stop being an Auror," Draco murmured, "because I would never let you go back. But I can ask you to wear this. It's an involuntary Portkey. If your adrenaline and fear get high enough, it'll activate and bring you to the Manor, whether or not you want to." He looked straight into Harry's eyes. Harry knew why. This could easily be one of Harry's breaking points. But for once, Harry's abnormal reaction to danger was going to work in their favor. He almost never felt the same fear other people did, or the same battle-thrill. That made it a lot less likely that he would suddenly disappear in the middle of a battle and leave his fellow Aurors to survive on their own. And Harry had to admit that part of him coiled and sighed in satisfaction at the thought of someone caring for him like this. "Well, why are you still holding it?" he asked, and bowed his head while Draco gaped at him. Draco's hands were steady as he reached out and clasped the collar around Harry's neck, twisting it back and forth a little so that it would close in the right configuration. Or at least Harry thought that was what he was doing. Even after he'd clasped it shut, he did linger near Harry, tracing his fingers along the tendons in his throat. "Thank you," he said. Harry felt the burning touch of his fingers, and the heat of his breath, long after he'd left. "Why are you wearing all the jewelry, mate?" "Part of letting Draco court me," Harry answered, without looking up from his paperwork. Ron was silent for long enough that Harry thought he might have decided not to ask. But then he came over and sat on the edge of the desk, and stared. Harry met his eyes and touched the silver links embedded into his chest. "This one opens a bond so he can feel my emotions. And this collar will Portkey me to Malfoy Manor if my adrenaline and fear get too high." Harry shrugged a little and picked up his quill again. "Sort of the kind that