Title: The Rising of the Stones Disclaimer: J. K. Rowling and associates own these characters. I am writing this story for fun and not profit. Pairing: Harry/Draco, mentions of Draco/others and some canonical pairings Rating: R Warnings: Angst, some violence, soulmate markings AU Summary: Draco Malfoy has become the Ministry's best Auror. He executes all kinds of unusual assignments, including one to go after the unexpectedly fugitive Harry Potter. But as he chases Potter down, Draco learns a lot more about what the Ministry has been hiding from the wizarding world than he ever wanted to know—secrets that may impact more than just his ability to arrest Potter. Updated every Monday. Author's Notes: This will probably be between twenty and twenty-five chapters. It does involve soul-marks, the idea that soulmates can identify each other by corresponding marks on their skin. However, this doesn't necessarily promise perfect happiness between the soulmates in question. The Rising of the Stones Chapter One—An Unusual Assignment "I'm sorry, sir, but I can't show you that." "You can't." The archivist in front of Draco wrung his hands and stared at the ceiling for a moment. Then he looked back at Draco and said, in a firm voice that the trembling of his lip belied, "No." "Reconsider your refusal," Draco told him, and leaned back against the basalt wall behind him. The Ministry archives were on the level above the Department of Mysteries, but they shared the same gloomy décor. Draco had long since decided that was to keep anyone from actually taking documents out of there. "I'll wait." The archivist stared at Draco and swallowed. Then he turned around and knelt before the small fireplace behind his curved desk. Draco smiled and looked around lazily. Other Aurors passed him, seeking birth records and the like on their latest victims or criminals, nodding at Draco even as most avoided his eyes. And there were Unspeakables, clad in grey and riddles, always with spells that obscured whether they were carrying a book or a scroll, a folder or a ledger. Ordinary citizens cringed their way into the further corners or huddled at the tables under the clusters of enchanted lights. Shelves loomed into the distance like gigantic trees. Draco was just craning his neck to see if he could catch a glimpse of the shelves of birth records, where he needed to go, when the archivist in front of him cleared his throat again. Draco turned back to him. The man shook his head. "I'm sorry, Auror Malfoy." At least he looked it, too, Draco thought, even as his hand went automatically to the shaft of his wand. "The orders came down yesterday. No one is to have access to Harry Potter's birth records." Draco simply stared. It had cowed better wizards than this. The archivist bowed, and bowed again. The ugly soul-mark on his cheek, which looked like half a cup, flickered in and out of sight as his long brown hair swung against his shoulders. "From the Minister himself," the archivist whispered. Draco stepped back. So that's why the glare didn't work. It never did on people who were more afraid of someone than they were of Draco himself. "Very well," said Draco. "I shall remember that you tried to help me…" The archivist blinked and looked up in astonishment. Draco let him have a glimpse of the hawthorn wand strapped to Draco's side, and he turned away again. "This time, at least," Draco said. "I hope the next time, you can be even more helpful." The man nodded hard enough that his hair hit his desk with a rasping sound, but Draco didn't stay to hear it. He had turned to take the stairs. In his current mood, it would be better for him than the lifts. He bounded, and as he did, his brain turned in slow circles. Minister de Berenzan was the one who had assigned him to track down Potter in the first place, and it was common knowledge that Potter had gone missing—and run headlong into Dark magic, the Ministry thought now—after looking at his birth records. It was apparently the first time Potter had ever seen them, since he'd grown up outside the wizarding world and then appeared not to have known they existed. Draco knew he didn't need to know exactly why Potter had disappeared. He had the Ministry's evidence, from Potter's flat, of Dark Arts texts and ingredients that were illegal to purchase. They could arrest Potter on that basis alone, although it might have been a little much to assign the Ministry's top Auror to such a case. But Draco wanted to know what the enemy looked like from inside his own head, not simply the Ministry's point-of-view, and de Berenzan knew that. Draco let his face fall into neutral lines as he stalked back to his office, something that still made people avoid him. Well. He'd do without the information. Pleading with de Berenzan would do no good, not when the man wanted to see Draco fail almost as much as he wanted to use his skills. Marshall de Berenzan was Muggleborn and had never forgiven Draco for the way he'd walked away unscathed from the war. A walking away due to Potter. Draco shrugged at that, and reached for the pile of information he did have, to revise it before he began the chase. Potter had had years to claim Draco's unfulfilled debts, including the ones Draco owed Potter for saving his life during the war. He'd never done so. And now, he was prey. Draco looked around slowly, turning in a complete circle to do so. Potter's flat was small and dark, and not because it was night. Draco hadn't lit the fire or the candles that stood in large rings around the room. He didn't want to disturb the last place Potter had been seen any more than the Aurors already had. Draco felt a stir of contempt twisting in his heart. Did no one recognize the configuration and placement of the candles? Was he the only one who thought such details noteworthy instead of irrelevant? Of course, Draco knew the answer to that question. The Ministry disliked him enough that they would never have relied on him or promoted him or publically called him their best Auror if they had a choice. But they didn't, because no other Aurors had the skills Draco did. One of those was enough familiarity with the Dark Arts to know what the candles were. Draco moved to the side, tilting his head, and yes, there was a red candle on a small ledge inside the fireplace, exactly where he had expected. The other Aurors hadn't seen that. Their reports talked about a ring of white candles alternating with black, which meant, they had thought, that Potter was trying to summon the powerful forces of chaos magic Muggles called demons. But the red candles, in the fireplace and on a small table shoved behind a door and in the next room when Draco moved to check there, changed both the colors and the shape of the "circle." It was actually a spiral, the center closing in on a burned patch of carpet immediately before an overstuffed chair. Draco knelt and drew his wand, murmuring a Revealing Charm. The other Aurors had already done this, but they hadn't known all of the possible charms, and after the nonsense with being denied access to Potter's birth records, Draco wanted to see everything else for himself. The burned patch of carpet released a puff of smoke that smelled of lavender, of all things, and a twisting, smoky shape rose from it. Draco sat back and stared as the smoke resolved into a flower. Not an uncommon soul-mark, Draco thought with a faint frown, although half a flower was more common. When laid together with the mark on the wrist or brow or otherwise of one's soulmate, it would form a complete picture, a complete blossom. But Draco knew, like everyone else, that Potter's soul-mark was a lightning bolt. Why was he summoning pictures of a completely different mark? Unless the other rumors are true, and that lightning bolt was only the shape of the curse that the Dark Lord inflicted on him. Unless Potter's real soul-mark was hidden underneath that. Draco had never given those rumors much credence, since Potter's scar had faded since the war but never disintegrated to show another mark beneath it. On the other hand, he would never have thought Potter capable of rituals like the one the candle-spiral showed, either. This was a ritual that was supposed to destroy the link between soulmates. Reveal the mark they carried, then burn the image with the candle fire called inwards to the center of the spiral. It would burn the mark on the caster's arm or brow or face or wrist, and set the caster free of an unwanted relationship that others might expect them to pursue. Pure-bloods had used it for centuries when they found themselves soulmated to someone from an unsuitable family. Highly illegal, of course. And also not something Draco would have expected from Potter, with his Gryffindor convictions of romantic love, and the high chance that he was soulmated to Weasley's little sister. Draco stood and looked around the room, again. He breathed slowly and felt his old convictions drop from him like baggy clothing. He had to give up the idea that Potter was a Gryffindor romantic. That he was soulmated to Weasley's sister. If he was, she would have gone with him on this run. And Draco would have more of an idea of what had made Potter take off in the first place. He would search. But Draco was afraid that the mystery had been deepened, not clarified, by coming here. "I won't owe you anything after this, Malfoy." The flash in the eyes was the same as always, and the way Rose Sheldon kept her face turned away, and how her hand shook as she dropped the papers into his hand. Draco nodded and held out the flask of potion he'd brewed last night. Sheldon shied back from him, eyes narrowed. She had brown hair and brown eyes with a hint of amber that had made Draco, the first time he met her, think she was a werewolf. "I won't take that foul stuff." Draco shook his head. "I'd just as soon as you did. I'd like to have it out of the house, and you can think of it as a farewell gift." Sheldon paused, eyes flickering from his face to the potion flask. Her hand shook again. Of course it did, Draco thought. It was a well-known consequence of taking the Lucid Dreaming Potion too much, disappearing into surreal visions of loveliness that the mind could control instead of drifting helplessly through. Draco held the flask out, and waited. Lucid Dreaming affected the memory, too, blending reality with the things the drinker imagined. It was the only thing that had made it possible for him to keep luring her back so often, probably. Or maybe not. Sheldon had been stupid enough to let herself get addicted in the first place, and stupid enough to go on taking the "gifts" that he gave her. Sooner or later, she would then come back to him for more of the potion, and offer to trade information for it. Sheldon didn't work directly in the archives, but she knew how to get files from them. Draco had never asked her how. There were certain things he needed to never know, so that he wouldn't speak of them under Veritaserum. "Oh, fine," Sheldon snapped, and snatched the flask from his hand. "But only because you want to get rid of it." Draco nodded. He didn't need to hide a smile, only the fine-grained lines of contempt that would spring up around his mouth otherwise. "All right. Good-bye." Sheldon slinked out of his