Title: Beggar to Beggar Cried Disclaimer: J. K. Rowling and associates own these characters. I am writing this story for fun and not profit. Rating: R Content Notes: Angst, violence, manipulation, underage (no actual sex, but sexual moments and thoughts), suicidal thoughts, AU Wordcount: This part 5500 Pairings: Harry Potter/Tom Riddle, one-sided Harry Potter/Ginny Weasley Summary: AU. Harry has been raised from the time he was five with full knowledge of what he was, a Horcrux, and how someday he would need to die to avenge his parents. Thus, when he finds Tom Riddle's diary in his second year, he recognizes it. Horcrux speaks to Horcrux, a game of persuasion and manipulation. Author's Notes: The title of this story comes from W. B. Yeats's poem "Beggar to Beggar Cried." This is a dark fic, the sixth of my July Celebration stories for this year, and will be posted in two parts. Beggar to Beggar Cried Harry takes the slender little black book out of his bag once he's alone, with the curtains drawn tight around his bed in the Gryffindor boys' bedroom, and looks at it. He has felt something strange and off for months now, around Ginny mostly, but also just in the school. That's why it's taken him so long to find it. On the one hand, he wanted to track down the strangeness. On the other hand, there was the voice speaking in the walls, and the Heir of Slytherin business, and although he knows the voice in the walls must be a snake, no one has found a way to stop it or shut it up. Harry has warned Professor Dumbledore, and that's all he can do. He's under strict orders not to tell anyone about Horcruxes, or the reason he's a Parselmouth. He wouldn't even have showed people that he was a Parselmouth if he'd been able to think of another way to save Justin. Harry sighs and shuts his eyes. He's already talked with Professor Dumbledore about that, and Professor Dumbledore has said he doesn't have to feel sorry for it. It was unfortunate that people would know, but none of them would suspect. And that's the important thing. Harry runs his hand down the book's spine and then nods. Yes, there's the same feeling from it that he gets from his scar when it's night and everything is quiet and he puts his hand on his forehead and really concentrates. The diary is a Horcrux. The odd thing is that Harry doesn't know why anyone would make a book into a Horcrux. He can see why someone like him, who can move around and talk and run away, might be useful. But a book would just sit on a shelf somewhere, and it might not get opened for years. What was Voldemort thinking? Then Harry shakes his head. Sometimes he thinks like that. Professor Dumbledore says it's only natural. Harry is just twelve, and not used to things. He may be different from other people, but he's a lot like them, too. Harry will keep forgetting that he's an accidental Horcrux, and that Voldemort probably liked the ones that didn't move around on their own. It means they will still be where he put them when he goes back for them. In the meantime, there's a Horcrux to figure out. It seems most likely that you would communicate with a book by writing in it. Harry opens the book and picks up a quill. The pages are perfectly smooth and blank, but that doesn't surprise Harry. The Horcrux would probably want to trap somebody, to grow stronger. Professor Dumbledore has warned Harry about that danger. Harry hesitates. Shouldn't he take this Horcrux to Professor Dumbledore? He knows the professor is slowly collecting all of them. He isn't going to destroy them yet, because Voldemort is still a spirit and they don't know what effect that would have on him. It might even make him come back another way, a way that isn't under Professor Dumbledore's control. But then Harry shakes his head. He does want to talk to this one, just to see what it's like, what it'll say. And…he might be like other people, but he isn't the same, exactly. He wants to talk to someone like him, for once. It's probably the only chance he'll ever have to do it. Professor Dumbledore has figured out that an important ring is a Horcrux, but it isn't like a ring can talk back to you. It'll only be once. Then he'll take the diary and give it to Professor Dumbledore the way he's supposed to. Hello, he writes on the book's page, and watches the ink disappear. There's a little jump in the book's magic. Harry smiles until he starts wondering if that means the book can sense him back. He bites his lip. He doesn't want that . The book might try to kill him. Can a Horcrux be jealous of another Horcrux? Hello, appeared on the book's page while he was debating. Harry looks back down at it, hesitates, and then scribbles recklessly. My name is Harry Potter. What's yours? The words seem to take longer to disappear this time, and Harry has to let go of his breath in a painful rush. It feels like the book has been sitting on his chest. Sure, it's small and probably wouldn't be that heavy. But Harry bets this book could be heavier if it wanted to. My name is Tom Riddle, and this is my diary. Harry closes his eyes a little. He's right. Professor Dumbledore told him once that that was Voldemort's mortal name, and it's all right to call Voldemort that, because he'll hate it, and getting Voldemort angry is okay. He should close the book and take it to the Headmaster's office right now. But it's still the only Horcrux that will ever be able to talk back to him, so Harry writes, What is it like, being a Horcrux? It's his imagination, he knows, but the diary seems to shake and then still under his hands. It's not his imagination that the book's magic spikes again. Harry sits, watching it. He wonders what kind of defenses this Horcrux has. Professor Dumbledore had to be really careful when he was getting the ring Horcrux. Can this book snap shut on Harry's finger and give him a paper-cut that makes him bleed to death or something? That makes Harry smile. He's not afraid of death. If he dies, then the Horcrux dies, too, and then his parents will be avenged. And Professor Dumbledore has told him that he'll see his parents in the afterlife. After years of looking at their faces in picture albums—seven years, since Professor Dumbledore took him from the Dursleys—Harry is ready to see them in person. Where did you learn that word? Harry rolls his eyes a little. He supposes he should have realized Voldemort would lie and deny it, but it's a little tiresome. I've known it since I was five years old. I'm a Horcrux, too. Your older self made me on the night he tried to defeat me when I was a baby. Professor Dumbledore still doesn't know what happened, not for certain, but apparently his soul was so unstable from making multiple Horcruxes that a small piece of it split off and attached itself to me. So that's what I am, that's what you are, and we both have to die to get rid of Voldemort. I just want to know what it's like, being you. I know what it's like being me. Tom has not felt fear in so long that it takes him endless moments to realize what the winter wind rushing past him is. He certainly never includes memories of winter among the ones he dwells in in the diary. He controls the urge to burst out of the diary and try to drain this Harry Potter's life-force right away. He doesn't have enough magic left from draining little Ginny to do that. Instead, he tries to reach out with senses that have atrophied in the years since the diary did nothing but sit on a shelf in Malfoy Manor. He tries to sense the power of the wizard writing in him, instead of simply that he is a wizard. The magic sings to him, surprisingly easy to sense. An hour ago, Tom would have dismissed that as just a sign that Harry Potter is strong. From all that Ginny has babbled about him, he must be. But there's a dark aftertaste to the magic that makes Tom shudder and slump back against the memory of a Transfiguration desk. Yes, that is magic like his. His, the diary's, not magic like Lord Voldemort's. It's difficult for Tom to think of himself as the same as his creator, after so long a separation. The boy is not lying. Revelations burst like fireworks in his mind as Tom lets the memory dissolve and simply stands in darkness. Dumbledore knows. His creator is so unstable that he can create Horcruxes accidentally. There are more objects like Tom, whereas he always thought he would be the only one. Yes, now and then his creator had a thought of making many, but that always seemed so self-evidently stupid to Tom that he dismissed it as a childish fantasy. There must be a way to stop this. There must be a way to survive. He may not be Voldemort, but he's Tom Riddle, who found a way out of his every dilemma at Hogwarts. It's boring, being a book, he finally responds, when he realizes the boy is just sitting there holding the diary, instead of closing it. I can't communicate with anyone except when people write in me. And the world inside here is made of my memories, which I've seven over and over again in the last fifty years. What's it like being you? Oh, it's being a boy. You were a boy, too, so you probably know about that. I didn't mean that, Harry, Tom says, and wonders if he can project reassurance and soothing feelings through the words. Normally he wouldn't bother trying, simply relying on the book's innate defensive magic to ensnare his writer, but it's different with another Horcrux. You know what you are. You know you have to die. What's it like, living with the foreknowledge of your own death? Harry blinks, and wonders for a second why Voldemort would ask that question. Then he shrugs. It doesn't really matter. Voldemort can't do anything. Even if he's been controlling someone so that the Chamber of Secrets will open, Harry has him now, and he'll take him to Dumbledore right away after he writes this conversation out. It's hard, sometimes. But I know that I'm going to see my parents when I die. You killed them the night you made me a Horcrux. And seeing two people you've never known is enough for you? Enough reason to die? I can't live. We can't live , Harry says, and underlines the word as hard as he can, wondering if it will make ink rain on Voldemort's head. We'll be keeping him alive. But why should I care about that? Why shouldn't I want to live as hard and as richly as I can? There's a long pause, but Voldemort's writing starts again before Harry write a retort. Why don't you want to live as hard and as richly as you can? Harry says nothing. He knows the reasons, but he would feel stupid writing them down. Voldemort would just mock them. It's reasons like Dumbledore coming to the Dursleys' house when Harry was five, and taking him aside, and explaining, quietly, the story of magic and his parents' death for the first time. He had to work harder to make Harry understand the concept of a Horcrux. Harry was only five, after all. And he doesn't think that he's a