Title: Temporary Mate Disclaimer: J. K. Rowling and associates own these characters. I am writing this story for fun and not profit. Pairing: Harry/Draco, past Harry/Ginny and Harry/Michael Corner Content Notes: Angst, violence, creature fic (Draco is a Veela), action/adventure, Auror fic, minor character death Rating: R Summary: Escorting Malfoy on a dangerous mission in another dimension to speak to French Veela, Harry and his fellow Aurors are attacked and left for dead. Harry and Malfoy are the only survivors, and wounds the attackers inflicted have released Malfoy's Veela heritage. Now he's probably going to die unless Harry can successfully bind himself to Malfoy as a temporary mate—and they still have to survive the trek to reach the Veela stronghold. Author's Notes: This fic will be updated whenever I finish a chapter. It should be anywhere from ten to twenty chapters long. Temporary Mate Chapter One—The Suddenness of Wings Harry reeled back as a bolt of red lightning almost struck him, and then blasted off a nonverbal Burning Storm Curse. The thing he was fighting, which resembled a hunched human woman with huge black wings and greasy talons, screeched as the fiery rain fell on her, and soared away, tearing at her face and back. Harry turned grimly around, to see the rest of the creatures hovering a "safe" distance away from him and the battlefield, where five other Aurors had already died, their blood soaking into the blue and red earth. The other poor blokes hadn't stood a chance. The minute the creatures had begun to scream, they'd frozen in place and stared with wide eyes, not even resisting as talons slashed their throats or yanked out their hearts. Which told Harry what these creatures were, although it was actually Muggle mythology and not wizarding knowledge that let him recognize them. Harpies . Harry hadn't felt compelled to stand there and let them kill him. Probably for the same reason he could resist the Imperius Curse. The harpies were swirling around the edges of the battlefield now, pointing at Harry with long, sharply-nailed fingers and whisper-hissing something to each other. Harry backed up slowly, feeling with his foot for a step before he did so. He was terribly afraid that he might be the only one left alive. Then he stepped on a piece of cloth that groaned. Harry swiftly knelt down with his hand on the shoulder of the other bloke, eyes on the harpies. They weren't coming closer, but they had started to writhe and clap their hands in glee, which was hardly reassuring. Harry turned his head the slightest bit, enough to catch a glimpse of pale hair out of the corner of his eye. "Malfoy?" he breathed. An iron-taloned hand closed on his wrist. That's not Malfoy, that's a harpy with white feathers! Harry thought, and promptly turned his wand on the figure as the harpies' giggles grew louder. But at the same time, he had to look because he couldn't see well enough to fire a spell, and he realized it was Malfoy lying there, his expensive robes shredded and strips of flesh clinging around a huge wound in his chest. Don't vomit into the wound, Harry chanted to himself, and bent over Malfoy as he cast another spell at the harpies to make them hold their ground. "What happened?" he whispered, not really expecting an answer. To his amazement, Malfoy gave one, though his voice was as harsh and clanging as the harpies'. "They—ripped me open. To survive, I had to—pull on other parts of my magic core. I have distant Veela heritage. I'm Veela now. I can survive—physically. But mentally—need a mate." His voice, his reasoning, sounded human, but those talons were still pulling Harry closer. Harry stared into his face and forced calm onto himself. "Are you going to eat me?" "Need—a mate ." Harry shivered and let the shivering pass through him like the claws must have passed through Malfoy. Then he nodded. "All right. Tell me what I have to do." The only Veela bonding he'd heard about in even vague detail was Bill's with Fleur, and that had been a private ceremony separate from the wedding. Harry had no idea what they'd actually done other than meet with her family in France for a few days. A smile glided across Malfoy's lips, and he tugged Harry closer. "Fearless—for your own good." Harry clamped his teeth on his tongue against the impulse to say that there was a word missing in there somewhere, and said, "Is it a spell?" "In circumstances like this—yes." Malfoy's voice seemed to have got stronger even though his wound looked no better. He shot a glance at the hovering harpies. Harry did, too. They seemed to be coming no closer. Perhaps they were confused because Malfoy hadn't eaten him yet. "It's a temporary—bond. Just long enough until we can reach the Veela we came to see. They can give me a real one." "All right," Harry said. From the lack of other voices and movement, he was starting to think he and Malfoy really were the only ones that had survived the harpies' attack. That meant he had to do anything he could to keep Malfoy alive. He knelt, as much as he could with Malfoy holding him, on the alien, gritty blue soil underneath them. "Tell me the incantation of the spell." Malfoy remained silent, frowning, searching Harry's eyes. Harry tapped the wand on his abdomen in impatience. He assumed the spell would at least partially heal Malfoy's injury, or he would have said something about it before now. "You have to really mean it," Malfoy whispered. "I do really mean it," Harry said, and did his best to soften his expression when he saw the way Malfoy continued to look at him. "I mean it enough to keep you alive. If you mean, have I fallen in love with you? N—" This time, the other taloned hand slammed across his mouth, the edges of Malfoy's claws cutting his lips. Harry winced and watched a small trickle of blood move down his cheek to fall onto the claws. "Don't say it, don't say it ." Malfoy's voice was more a deep, hoarse screech than words. "Don't do anything the Veela might think of as rejection!" "All right," Harry said, while through his mind there flashed a vision, absurdly, of him rejecting Malfoy's hand on their first train ride. He eased a smile onto his lips and knelt closer, as close as he could get without touching Malfoy's wound. "I mean it. I want to keep you alive. I want to make sure we reach our destination safely. I want you to have what everyone should have, shelter and food and love." Malfoy sighed out like a snake complaining about its tail being hurt, and then draped a hand around Harry's neck and lifted his lips. Harry bent and kissed him. He had no objection to kissing men, but this was different in that most men didn't try to probe between his lips with their tongue like a woodpecker hunting grubs, or writhe around under him and stain his shirt with blood in the meantime. At least Malfoy didn't seem to be getting worse, for all the smears on Harry's Auror robes. Harry pulled back, aware of the harpies that had started to hover nearer to them, and asked with a little gasp, "All right?" "Yes," Malfoy said, his eyes clearing, although his hands didn't let go of Harry's wrist or neck. "Listen to me, and repeat the syllables carefully. There's no second chance if you mess this up, not with the way that the spell is going to pull on my magic." Harry refrained from rolling his eyes—it was probably good practice—and poised his wand. Malfoy had it aiming at his chest, more or less in between his wound and his heart. " Ignis, aqua, terra, sol ," said Malfoy, his lips ending in a silent gasp on the last word. A bubble of blood popped past them. " Ignis, aqua, terra, sol ," Harry said, his eyes not moving from Malfoy's. A faint glow began to spiral around his wand, first red, then blue, then brown, then gold. Harry could recognize the power of elemental magic, even though he had only studied it and never used it. As long as it would save Malfoy, he didn't really care what it looked like or what else it did. " Amor, odium, semper, " Malfoy said. His body arched in silent pain, and Harry would have tried to ease back so that he wasn't coming so close to actually crushing the injury, but Malfoy's hands were doing a good job of holding him motionless. " Amor, odium, semper ." The lights flashing around Harry's wand had turned all sorts of colors by now, brilliant orange and heart-stopping purple included among them. Harry tried not to watch them, afraid they would get him dizzy or confused. He only looked into Malfoy's eyes, and Malfoy managed to smile and nod a little as if that was exactly the right course to take. "Now, speak your name and mine," Malfoy whispered. "In that order. Then end the sentence with coniungo ." Harry swallowed back any protests he might have wanted to make. This wasn't walking into the Forbidden Forest. This wasn't binding himself for life. It was doing what he had to do to make sure they both got to the Veela and completed the mission. "Harry Potter," he said. Malfoy's eyes never wavered from his face. "Draco Malfoy." The lights around his wand sizzle so hard that Harry felt them more than he did Malfoy's hand digging into the back of his neck. " Coniungo ." The silent explosion of power between them lifted Malfoy off the ground. Harry gasped and reached towards him, concerned for his wound, but he didn't touch him. There was so much white and blue slanting past them that Harry was drifting in the middle of it, not burned, borne, but unable to feel anything else. Then he became aware that he was tumbling back towards the earth. Harry tried to go as limp as he could, tried to twist so that he would less chance of breaking a bone or his wand— Hands came around him and caught him millimeters from slamming into the red grass and blue, gleaming twists of soil. Harry looked up. Malfoy was hovering in the air, huge white-silver wings cutting it. Harry could hear the hiss of it parting around those feathers, in fact. But it was hard to notice much else. Malfoy's gaze was locked on his face, and Harry couldn't look beyond it. Malfoy's eyes had an actual, blazing flame behind them, as if they had become transparent windows onto a wasteland of silver fire. "You're my mate," Malfoy said, in a voice deeper than it had been before. His healed chest vibrated against Harry's and distracted him in all sorts of ways that he shouldn't be distracted in the middle of an Auror mission. Harry took a deep breath, reclaimed some of the courage that seemed to have deserted him in the last few seconds, and said, "Yes." Draco had never felt so released . Bonds constraining him—human body, human desires—had simply dissolved. He had long known that he had the opportunity to become a Veela if he wanted to, but it had never seemed worth the risk. Why would he banish his human body when it meant he would have to have a mate and wings it was hard to hide? Hovering in mid-air and embracing Harry, Draco thought such old fears foolish and weak. He bent down and kissed Harry once, lingeringly, just enough that Harry gasped and squirmed against him. Then Draco flew downwards and put Harry tenderly on the ground, in between the bodies. He avoided the blood. These men had not been as important as Harry. But