Title : This Candle Burns Summary : Draco has discovered the moment when everything changed for his family and doomed them to their downfall post-war. He can go back in time and change that-if he's willing to let the spell burn his life up. But Draco feels he has little left to lose, so he begins the spell, not knowing exactly what will happen at the end. Rating : R Content Notes : Mixture of past and present tenses, non-linear storytelling, angst, canon-typical violence, minor character death, AU from ending of HBP, ambiguous ending. Wordcount : 13,800 Author's Notes : Written for the Draco Tops Harry fest, for SinsofYouth/ea_stofnar. It has two timelines; the present-tense one (told in reverse chronological order) is the timeline which Draco abandons, and the past-tense one (told in normal chronological order) is the new, "alternate past" he creates by going back. Thanks to my betas, Linda and Karen, for working so hard on this story. The title is a variation of a line from the Edna St. Vincent Millay poem quoted below. This Candle Burns My candle burns at both ends; It will not last the night; But ah, my foes, and oh, my friends - It gives a lovely light! Draco opens his eyes. Before him blazes the fire he will go into, the fire that he has chosen to sacrifice himself to rather than sit here and wait for his death to overcome him. Sixty years since the war. Sixty years of grey, of granite rather than jewels, of firelight rather than sunlight. And he chooses to burn it up. The fire is on the Manor grounds, dancing back and forth in a circle of black stones. They were marble once. Draco took them from the walls and supercharged them with enchantment: with his determination, with his anger and sorrow, with the fire that has burned in him ever since reading the book that said he could send himself back in time and find the moment that had changed his family's history. He knows the moment. Hasn't he always known it? He didn't need to think very hard. The fire blazes white and blue. Draco moves towards it with his hand out. The flames curl over and bend down to touch his palm. It hurts so much that it's as if it doesn't hurt at all. Few people can use this spell: not because it's hard or because the ritual is complicated. Because few people have the will to sacrifice themselves, their entire present and past, for their family, or even themselves. The heart fears the end of being. Not Draco. Not him. The fire keeps dancing. He has to move forwards into it, to show he embraces death and change and the ability to love. Draco casts a spell that makes a small mirror form on the grass in front of him, and peers into it. His white hair hangs as limp as seaweed around his face. His eyes are glassy, cold grey, ashes that could never have made this fire spring. He is sending his memories back in time to someone who can. Draco tilts his head back. The words of the book blaze in his memory. They who would alter the past, must be prepared to sacrifice all futures. And then comes the description of the ritual. Simple, spare, a twig to kindle flames few people can bring themselves to kindle. Simple and spare as Draco's life, as Draco's strength. He walks into the fire. There is a single moment of pure light, so savage it splits him, so excoriating it devours him. He opens his mouth to scream, but there is no mouth. He has no hands to grasp. Nothing to swallow, nothing to hold himself back, nothing to be. Then there is only the crackling of the fire. Draco opened his eyes. He was standing on top of the Astronomy Tower with his wand dangling in his hand, staring at Dumbledore as he waited for some response to his offer of mercy. And Draco could feel the pride pushing up his throat, like a black plug that made him want to vomit. It would hold his hand still. It would control his actions. Not this time. Draco lowered his wand and nodded once. "How can you keep me and my family safe, though?" he asked, and heard his voice crack with youth more than sadness or fear. "You—you look like you're dying." Dumbledore's face softened. Draco hadn't known this was a smile he missed. "There are ways." He glanced beyond Draco's head. Professor Snape walked up beside Draco with a swirl of his cloak and bent down. He and Dumbledore exchanged rapid words that Draco didn't bother trying to overhear. What mattered was that he and his family would have sanctuary. Survival. Professor Snape pulled back from Dumbledore and nodded once. Then he spun around and aimed his wand at what looked to Draco like an empty area of the Tower, chanting as he removed a spell. Potter came into view, stumbling out from under his Invisibility Cloak and staring at Draco in fractured astonishment. Draco felt his memories writhe, and it took more strength of will to keep his face impassive than it did to accept Dumbledore's offer in the first place. Would he have chosen this moment to come back to if he had remembered that Potter was here? Probably still, yes. Because Draco was not an idiot, and had outlived their childish rivalry even if his teeth still ground against each other to see how universally beloved Potter was. But it would have been harder. "Come," said Professor Snape briefly, and he swished his wand again. The brooms that came speeding towards them made Draco start. Snape shoved Draco at one of them. "You will leave here. You will fly directly to the home of Potter's Muggle relatives. I will send a Patronus to your mother and let her know that she needs to pack everything she can and leave, now . She will join you as soon as she can." "But, sir—" "But, sir—" Potter spoke the same words at the same time, although addressed to Dumbledore instead of Snape, and they paused and stared at each other. Snape gave them no time. He said only, " Go ," and shoved them again. Potter shook his head as though he was waking from a deep sleep and mounted his own broom with that casual grace Draco had once despised so much. "Come on, Malfoy." He looked back at Dumbledore as he blasted off the Tower, but he was still flying straight, without the temptation Draco had, to turn and run in the opposite direction. He didn't look back after that initial moment, which was why Draco was the only one to see the green light of the Killing Curse as Professor Snape completed his mission. His mission. Draco's mission. The mission of the boy he used to be, before this infusion of memories. Draco wound his hands around the shaft of the broom, and held on. How many times has Draco walked past this library shelf before he noticed the book? How many times has he looked at the thick spines without interest, never knowing that his salvation lay only an arm's length away? Time to stop regretting, though. He's had sixty years of regret. Reading is more productive. Draco's eyes devour the words about will and the ability to step back into the past, to fly without a broom, to bring back the dead, to do other things magic suggests are impossible. It's all down to will and to want, as the book says. Most wizards can't do these things because they don't want them enough. They joke or they moan or they regret, but those emotions and sensations by themselves aren't enough to conquer time or space or gravity. Draco does linger on the ritual that would bring someone back to life, but in the end, he has to shake his head. It would do no good to return his parents to this world where the Malfoys still aren't respected and their name is practically a byword for "Death Eaters" even when two generations have grown up that don't know the war. In the end, the fire is the only way. Potter's family home was nothing like Draco had expected. There were four walls and a bit of a garden, and that was really all that could be said. There were no moving pictures, no thick blankets, none of the luxuries that Draco would have if he was at home. Even the new, ancient memories in his head agreed that the Manor he had left was better than this. Livelier. It didn't help that the Muggle relatives yelled at Potter, endless repetitions of "No freaks!" and "No freaks in my house!" and "You'll pay for this, boy!" and "Leave at once!" Potter simply bore through it, his face as still as Draco's hands when he found the book that would buy him his past. When they finally got up to Potter's bedroom, he showed Draco the bed with a curt nod and stepped outside the door again. Draco slid his broom and the small bag of personal possessions he was never without—it included a store of emergency coin, a good idea , said the adult in his head—beneath the bed and went over to the door to listen. Potter was arguing with his aunt. "He has to stay here." "You haven't told me why , boy." "Because Dumbledore says so." There was a gasp, and the aunt fell silent. Draco's brow furrowed. So they knew Dumbledore's name even in the Muggle world? That was a level of fame he didn't realize the Headmaster had. Part of him twinged with jealousy, but he stifled it. He knew what happened to Dumbledore. He knew what happened to his old self. He couldn't do anything about the one, but things had already changed. He wouldn't waste the chance that his elder self's sacrifice had bestowed on him. "And his mother's coming in a few days, too. Or sometime. I'm not sure when." "If you think that I'm putting up with three of you in the house—" "I won't be here very long," Potter said. He sounded almost uninterested. Draco's insides prickled. Potter was almost the only one who knew that Draco had lowered his wand on that roof, and Professor Snape was surrounded by the sort of people who would—judge Draco the wrong way for it. Potter couldn't leave. "He and his mother can stay here. His mother's an adult wizard. She can make the room larger for them without it impacting the rest of the house. And she can use magic to defend them." It sounded like a warning. Draco blinked, then blinked again. He went on blinking as Potter strode back into the room and slammed the door. He still paid no attention to Draco. Instead, he looked out the window. Draco looked with him, but the view was only a tree and some grass. Potter wasn't looking at that . He had to be making plans. Draco knew he should do the same thing. This was already such a large change in the timeline that he'd probably succeeded in saving his family, but he needed to know what to say when Mother joined him. Why he took the risk on Dumbledore's mercy when he'd tried to kill him all year. He'd have to come up with some explanation that didn't involve time travel. But he didn't want to be left out of Potter's brooding, either, if only because Potter might do something that jeopardized the nice future Draco was creating for his family. "What are you doing?" "Thinking." Draco rolled his eyes. It was so easy to touch recent ( in one way ) memories and call up what he felt like when Potter tried to murder him in the bathroom. "It