Title: Last Lord of the Sun Disclaimer: J. K. Rowling and associates own these characters. I am writing this story for fun and not profit. Content Notes: Angst, AU, emotional manipulation, present tense Rating: PG-13 Pairing: Background mentions of Albus Dumbledore/Gellert Grindelwald; otherwise gen Wordcount: This part 4600 Summary: AU. When Albus Dumbledore visits Wool's Orphanage and sees the terror and rage in Tom Riddle, he decides he cannot leave the boy without a mentor. On the one hand, he may never make a Light wizard of him; on the other hand, he will keep him from going down the path of the Dark. Author's Notes: This is another of my July Celebration fics, and was born from reading a lot of fanfics that attribute Voldemort's existence in part to Dumbledore's failures, and wondering what would happen if he didn't fail. It will be posted in two parts, and covers Tom's first year. Last Lord of the Sun As Tom Riddle brags about how he can make animals do what he wants without training them, a sharp, unpleasant twist unfolds in Albus's gut. Wandless magic under such control from such an early age? It would be impressive—but compulsion on animals is usually the forerunner for compulsion on humans. The mere thought of what this boy could become when he's older makes Albus want to leave right away. Or teach him a lesson. But the memory of the boy's words when he first entered the room returns to him. Tom thought he was from an asylum. He's been threatened with that, then. Threats of being caged up probably would drive the boy to practice as intense a control as he could get over his magic and those weaker than himself. How can he leave the boy alone to suffer on a Dark path? To damage others? To damage himself? Albus spins the conversation in an entirely new direction. "You are an extraordinary wizard for your age," he says thoughtfully. That makes Tom's chest puff out even more. Albus pretends not to notice. "But from your dwelling in a Muggle orphanage, I would say that you have no family left?" Tom's face tightens even as a furious spark comes to life in his dark eyes. "I do not." "Then you will need a magical mentor to train your powers," Albus says. The tradition he invokes is an old one, but it is one that's still sometimes practiced, so he's not lying to the boy. "Many of the powerful young wizards who came to our school have mentors among their relatives. The Muggleborns—" "Who are they?" "Wizards born from two Muggles." Like you, Albus almost says, but from the description Tom gave of training snakes, he is no longer sure of that. "They don't have magical mentors, but on the other hand, they aren't often of the power level to require one." The boy puffs out again. Albus is learning how to handle him: praise him by telling him the absolute truth. "I have no close pupils currently. I would be honored to serve as your mentor." "Why would you? What would you want in return?" "My dear boy, I'm an educator. Training a strong young mind and will is enough reward for me." And preventing the rise of another Dark Lord. I contributed to Gellert's rise; I will do what I can to prevent another. But that is a truth the boy need not learn for a long time, and right now he looks too happy to be suspicious. "What do we have to do to make you my magical mentor?" "There are some documents that we'll need to sign, and a few tests that can be performed at the Ministry to determine your magical strength." Albus is already sure Tom will pass them all. He holds out his hand. "If you'd like to come with me now, we can get the preliminary exams set up." The boy may not trust him completely, but he takes Albus's hand, and that is what matters. Tom steps back from the circle of white stones set into a ring of silver, and blinks. The shower of gold and bronze sparks from the practice wand they gave him zips around the air inside the circle, taking a long time to disappear. "Oh, very exciting, Professor Dumbledore! I haven't seen an eleven-year-old wizard this strong in a long time! You're very right that he needs someone strong to train him…" The Ministry examiner, a tall witch in teal-blue robes, is clapping her hands and talking to Professor Dumbledore so rapidly that Tom can't follow everything she says. He watches her standing with Dumbledore—they're the only people in this high, wide room—and nods thoughtfully. He knows well enough that Dumbledore isn't telling him everything. Oh, the magical world is undoubtedly real and he isn't going to an asylum, but he knows Dumbledore doesn't have only his good at heart. No one ever does. Even if someone did, that would make them weak, unworthy of Tom's time and attention. And this man is not weak. The examiner bowed to them the minute she saw them, her eyes wide with awe. People stopped in the Atrium to watch them go by, and crowded into the lift with them and craned their necks. Tom listened carefully, but he didn't hear anyone say anything specific about things Dumbledore's done, not even parents with children. In fact, some people seemed to be looking at the air around Dumbledore, instead of directly at him. As if they could see his aura of power, and that's what they're responding to. Tom nods. Someday, he will be like that, too, not known for his deeds but for his strength. "He needs a wand right away," the examiner is telling Dumbledore when Tom bothers to pay attention again. "To channel that much power and make sure he doesn't spill it onto others and accidentally influence them…oh, yes, a wand is necessary ." She looks at Tom again, and Tom offers the small smile that sometimes calms Mrs. Cole down. There's the first beginnings of awe, in at least one person's eyes. He will remember what it looks like. "Thank you, madam," Tom says, and turns around to see Dumbledore studying him. He doesn't find out why until they come to the wand shop, which is dusty and ancient enough that Tom doesn't know whether he should respect the tall man who bustles out, wringing his hands, or not. "You have to have a wand," Dumbledore explains, pushing up his own glasses and pinning Tom with a keen glance. "But you can't do magic outside school until you're fully of age." Tom catches his breath, vague memories of Muggle history returning to him. Sometimes they don't consider someone fit to inherit until he's twenty-one. Or eighteen, at youngest. "What's the age limit?" "Seventeen." Not ideal, but Tom will make do. Dumbledore has already told him that Tom will attend Hogwarts for seven years. That means he will turn seventeen while he's still a student, and that means he'll be able to use magic to defend himself against at least some of the Muggles in the orphanage if he needs to. "Young Mr. Riddle." Ollivander's voice is almost hypnotic. He studies Tom, his eyes darting for some reason to Tom's forehead for a second, before he nods and begins fishing out the wand boxes. "It may take some time to match you. Try to find the right one. Pick up this one and give it a wave—" But the beech wand isn't right, and neither is the cedar, and neither is the ebony or the ash or the willow. There's a holly one that feels almost right, at least it shoots off sparks, but Ollivander takes it away too rapidly for Tom to really consider. Ollivander finally gives him a curious glance that makes Tom want to shrink, as he worries he's unmatchable. He doesn't shrink for anyone or anything, though. He lifts his head and coolly surveys the wandmaker back. "Yes, yes, I think this might work," Ollivander says to himself, bobbing his head a little as if he's daft. Then he extends the wand to Tom, and Tom reaches out and grasps it… And the power that floods him when he feels his hand fit into the groove! He gasps and aims it upwards, and a ghostly golden bird soars out of the wandtip and circles up near the ceiling, its wings beating and sending down small showers of sparks. Tom stares up at it, then at Ollivander. "Have you ever seen anything like that, sir?" he demands, challenging him to say he has, that someone out there is at least as impressive as Tom. Instead, Ollivander looks a little shaken. "No," he says. "And I do wonder…this wand is yew and phoenix feather, Mr. Riddle. One of my rarer combinations. It is, perhaps, fitting that your magical mentor is the man who owns the phoenix that gave his tail feather for your wand." Tom pivots on one heel to stare at Dumbledore. Dumbledore gives him a small head-bob and a smile. "Fawkes. You'll meet him when we go to Hogwarts, Tom." Tom says nothing, but his grip tightens on his wand. He plans to keep a tight hold on Dumbledore, too. Whatever the professor's motives may have been for agreeing to become Tom's mentor, this is something outside them both that says they are allies. Dumbledore couldn't have known which wand Tom would be compatible with. He keeps a close eye on Dumbledore as they enter the bookshop, too. Whenever Dumbledore pauses in front of a shelf and scans it, Tom looks, too, and adds what looks interesting to his overflowing basket. Not only schoolbooks. They don't need to be. Dumbledore is paying for everything. And Tom isn't about to not take advantage of that generosity when it comes to books. Whatever Dumbledore's motives may ultimately be. "SLYTHERIN!" Albus smiles and claps for the slender, dark-haired boy who takes the Sorting Hat off his head and stalks towards Slytherin House's table. In truth, he isn't the least bit surprised. The boy was already showing strong tendencies on the day that Albus went to see him in the orphanage. "Something's changed, Albus," Armando says from the seat beside him, his voice quivering a little. "You don't usually clap for the Slytherin Sortings." "Oh, that's Tom Riddle, the boy I told you about," Albus says idly, leaning back and watching Riddle's welcome by his new Housemates. It's not warm. A few stare at him and look away; a few stare and sneer. Most of them seem content to ignore him altogether. Of course, that might change when they learn who Tom's magical mentor is, but Albus wouldn't count on it. There are some misguided souls who will only ever see blood purity, no matter how Tom excels. On the other hand, Tom's head is already tilting back and his eyes narrowing as he studies them. That heartens Albus. It means the boy is finding in-roads and studying for handles to grasp and manipulate. And he will have to find them. He will make a difference in ways that don't depend on blood. Albus has already directed Tom, subtly, to a few books that explain the origins of pure-bloods' obsession with their own history and the times they've lost out by ignoring talented Muggleborns. The boy is impatient with foolishness and stupidity of all sorts. Albus is not really worried about him following the path of the blood purists, because that would mean repeating their mistakes. "You expected he would Sort Slytherin?" "I thought there was a high chance of it." Armando leans a hand on Albus's arm. Albus starts and looks at him. Armando is only ten years older than Albus, but acts much more decrepit, so it's always a shock to see how keen he can be when he wants to. "I think it's remarkable," Armando breathes,