The Origins of Night Owl Well here this is my surprise! I have started a new story that I have decided will be exclusively for my blog here! I was inspired by the Supergirl and Arrow and hope to do justice to portraying a female superhero. I will try to update but between school and my other stories, the only thing I can promise is that I will try to update as much as I can. So with out further ado, one of my first stories that is centered around Annabeth! Let me know what you think! I don't own anything in the PJO or Arrow/Supergirl world. Chapter 1- My name is Annabeth Chase. After an accident made me invincible, I had to become more then who I was. I am not the scared girl I was once before but now I am the woman who will exact justice for those who don't have a voice. Now, I am here to fight for my city and those who can't. This is my story. Running through the city blocks is something that I have become accustomed too when I am always perpetually late. But being late has its consquences and I hope I don't find that out after running late for my meeting. We are having a conference call with an important investor for the company and as the senior consultant for my architecture firm; I really should not be late. But I am. The company, C and F is a hugely successful even in my failing city. Due to the great divide between the wealthy and poor, we get a lot of extravagant houses or buildings to build for insane costs that our clients don't really seem to care about. It drives me insane that we build these gorgeous buildings for huge costs and our clients refuse to see that there are people who could really make use of the extra money that they want to spend. But of course, I can't express my frustrations because I would be fired and I enjoy my job. I like making things that are built to last forever. I don't have stability in my life so to be able to make things in that nature helps me cope with all of the turmoil in my life. For most of my life, I have had people come and go. I never knew my father, supposedly he died when I was younger but my mother never talks about him. My mother never at home due to the fact that she had to provide for me on her own, but she gave me a privileged lifestyle that I am grateful for because it gave me opportunities that I wouldn't have otherwise. I just wish our relationship wasn't so one-sided but it's hard when your mother is distant and cold. I am a block from my office building when my phone starts to ring. Panicked that it's the office and worried that I will be fired right then and there, I check the caller id and I am surprised to see that its my mother. Worried, I pick up. "Mom?" I answer and my mother breathes a sigh of relief and responds. "Oh thank god you picked up. Where are you?" "Running late for work why?" I answer and my mother's voice sounds frantic as she quickly says. "Annabeth, you need to come home now. It's the only way I can protect you." "Protect me from what?" As I approach my building, a black van suddenly pulls up to the sidewalk and screeches to a stop. "Annabeth, what was that sound?" my mother worriedly asks. "Mom, I have to go." "Annabeth! No-." I hang up and try to walk quickly past the van, hoping they aren't what my mother was trying to protect me from. Two men jump out of the car and move towards me quickly. Realizing that I am indeed the target, I try to run away, but I'm too slow and they grab my arms and drag me towards the van. No one witnesses the attack and no one comes to my defense as I scream my head off. A black bag is shoved onto my head and a hard blow follows it, causing me to lose consciousness. "Annabeth!" I don't know how long it has been when I come to but I awake abruptly to my mother's scream. Disorientated, I look around and see men and women in black clothing surrounding me. There is a pit of bubbly water and candles in front of me. My head hurts from the blow to it early and I painfully try to put pressure on it. I try to move but my arms are tied to a creaky chair. Frantically, I look around and see my mother held by two men on the other side of me. Her blonde hair, which is usually tight and perfect across her stern face is undone and down. Her grey stormy eyes that mirror mine are filled with pure fear and horror. Her clothes are torn and bruises cover her body. "Mom, Are you ok? What's going on?" I ask worriedly and strain against the ropes on my wrists and legs. We might not be close but she is my mother and I still love her dearly and I know when she looks like she does, something is seriously wrong. My mom cries out to a figure behind me. "Let her go, Zeus!" The man she is screaming at suddenly comes on the other side of me and answers her plea. "We had an agreement. You either join me again or I have to do drastic measures, Athena. Remember you were the one who chose to forget the family. You haven't lived to your true potential and this is your punishment. Your own daughter will pay for your crimes against us." My mother screams and struggles against the men's grip, "What the hell do you expect me to do after you killed Frederick! I will NEVER go back! I took away her away so she will never know this life! But she knows nothing of what we do, Father! Please, let her go." My head is spinning and I look up at my supposed grandfather. His face is traced with age marks and his eyes are an electric blue that brighten his face against his peppered hair. For twenty-three years, I have wondered why my mother was so distant, why I was never told about my family and of course what happened to the father I never knew. Millions of questions circle my mind as I turn toward my mother. "What are you hiding from me?" Pained, my mother looks at me and says, "I never expected any of this to happen but it did and I will forever be sorry, Annabeth. I am part of the Olympian crime organization. Those major, violent crimes you see in the news and paper, that's them. My family and I are responsible for the major crimes of the last century and I was the top member, and I was in position to take over once Zeus, your grandfather, stepped down. I was planning to until I met your father and had you. When it was time to leave you and your father for my family, I couldn't and refused not be in your life. For my refusal, Zeus killed your father and I went into hiding with you. But two weeks ago, they found me and offered me my position without any hard feelings but I refused. So-." "So for her crimes, you will be dipped into one of our families favorite punishments. In front of you is a powerful pit of water that was once from the ancient river in Greece called the River Styx. Our family is the ancestors of some demigods who got some of the water from the actual Styx and for centuries, we have used it as the ultimate punishment to our enemies. Legends says that only those with a pure heart can survive and become invincible like Achilles but most of the victims that we have put into the pit burst into flames. For your mother's crimes and refusal, I'm afraid you will have to take a dip." My head hurts once again and my heart rate speeds up as the new wave of information hits me. My family is one of the biggest and deadliest crime families in the country. They have killed hundreds of people and are part of the reason why this city is in distress. My grandfather killed my father, and now I am going to die. Fear strikes me and I look at my mother. "Mom! Do something!" Tears stream down her eyes and she shakes her head as I am releases of my chains and forcibly pushed towards the stone pit ahead. The steam from the waters is visible and I start to struggle against my captors, eventually getting my wrist freed from one of them. This allows me to punch one and as he falls to the ground, I knee the other and run towards my mother. But my escape is short lived as Zeus hits me hard against the back and I collapse to the ground. Pain shoots up my body and I wince loudly in distress as Zeus grabs my arm and forces me up on my feet forcibly. The aches of my injuries hinder my ability to stand straight or fight back once again. Zeus pushes me closer to the pit and I look straight at my mother as I try to struggle against my grandfather. "Zeus, please! Father!" My mother screams in agony and as my feet reach the edge of the pit, Zeus tells my mother. "I thought you would have learned your lesson when I killed Frederick. But atlas, you haven't. Good bye Annabeth." I catch one last look at my mother as Zeus pushes me off the edge and into the unknown waters. Darkness engulfs me and the warm water surrounds me. At first, it's peaceful but I know that the pain will come soon enough. Slowly, the heat of the water rises and soon enough, the heat is unbearable and I thrash against the strong current. The pressure and burning sensation against my body is too much to take and I almost think of giving into the pain when a voice calls out to me. "I haven't seen such a pure heart, child. You are destined for greatness, and for that I will bestow my gifts onto you. But as all great things have, you too will have a weakness that will bring your death if discovered. Choose a spot wisely for it is your only lifeline. Hold on Annabeth, your journey is just beginning." I realize the voice is the spirit of the great warrior Achilles. Suddenly, the burns intensives and light surrounds me. Remembering Achilles's words, I think of a spot where I will hide my supposed weakness. I remember an odd injury that I had when I was a kid that was under my armpit and focus all my energy on that spot. Slowly, the pain subsides and the darkness around me fades into clear water. My body feels rejuvenated, the best it's felt in years as I break through the surface of the water and breathe in the air that my lungs sang for. Gasping for the needed oxygen, I open my eyes and look around at the room around, realizing that I am still a captive to my grandfather. As I look, everyone is stunned and shocked. "H-how, it can't be." Zeus stutters as my mother gasps happily and says. "Annabeth?" I turn towards my mother and notice that she is still help captive. Anger rises in my chest and I jump out of the pit and land in front of my mother and the men. One tries to punch me and my senses must be heightened