The Water House by Ellice Rose It is long before dawn when there is a sharp crack in my ear and a horse screech in my face. Water. It is time for me to go retrieve the water. I slip out of the itchy cot I've curled up in every night for the past two weeks. Somehow, this is already routine for me. As I slip my coat over my nightgown, I wonder idly how the other children sleep while every morning, the witch screams at me to get up and head into town. I slip on my mother's old boots and lace them up, not in any hurry. There is a strong chance I will get reprimanded for being slow later, but I cannot will myself to move any faster, especially today. The day of the Reaping. While I walk out the front door, I sling both the rusty pales onto my elbows and slam the door behind me. I can hear yelling from beyond it, and I knew I should not have done it. It is not the witch's choice to keep me in her dusty, grey prison. Then again, it is not mine either. The weather is a bit too cold for my liking as I trudge down the back alleys and across the square to the water house. The ground is bone dry and the sky is beginning to turn purple. The sky matches the banners that are already hung on the buildings in the square. Each one with a Capitol emblem marked in clear print. I turn away in disgust. If there is one thing I can't stand, it's the Capitol. The water house is a grey building at sits on the street adjacent to the square. It's tall and is always humming with the flow of water. If you want water, you have to pay for it, but at least it's clean and kind of cold. Most houses and shops in District 10 don't have running water and this is one of the only places to get it. Otherwise, you have to drink out of the lake, which is so polluted that it is an unnatural greenish-black and only the most desperate drink from there. When I walk into the humid front room of the water house, I am greeted by a silent line of at least a dozen people. Great. This could take up to an hour depending on how well the water is flowing today. Some days, back when my mother would get the water, she would be gone for hours at a time, and always return in a sour mood. And then my dad would kiss her softly on the cheek and return to his sewing. My dad could turn a ten foot length of cloth into the most beautiful dress in the world, given the right amount to time. I shift into line behind two girls, each holding a jar to carry their water in. One is slightly older and is gently stroking the tangled hair of the younger one. The water house is eerily silent. Most days, it is so loud I can't stand it. With all the people chatting and arguing and so desperate for water, it becomes a shouting match to talk to the person inches from your face. But not today. Each person fills their container accordingly, has it weighed, and pays for the amount of water they took without speaking. Finally, a pump opens and I step forward and thrust the water on. It takes a considerable amount of time to fill up the pales with water, but I eventually finish and pay with the money the witch gives me each morning. The witch's real name is Mrs. Marta. She runs the community home where I have been staying for the last couple of weeks. She yells. A lot. I am one of the oldest children that live there, being sixteen. The day you turn eighteen, you are thrown out onto the streets, but most kids don't make it that long. Years of living in the community home with little to eat and poor sanitation subject most children to an early death. One swift case of the flu and they are gone. I always pitied the community kids at school. With their thin faces and slumped shoulders, one day they were there, and one day you never see them again. I never thought I would become one. The pales are heavy with water and in the spur of the moment, I decide to take the most direct route to the house, thinking I could handle it. The lights in houses are beginning to flicker on as I pass through the part of town I am most familiar with. The place I used to live. There, on the corner, I can already see the shop. My old home. This was a bad idea. My knees are beginning to shake and my eyes sting with tears. The lights are off, but the blinds are not drawn and I can see everything inside. It all looks exactly the same. I can almost see my dad behind the counter, humming and running his fingers through his tousled chestnut hair. He looks up at me and smiles, beckons me to see what he has drawn for his latest sketch. Before I know it, I'm on my knees wishing desperately that it was real. That my dad was actually there. But I blink again and he is gone. Replaced by darkness and dust. He hasn't been behind that counter in months. One day, I returned from school and found the shop empty, which was odd because my dad never closed the shop. I really didn't think anything of it, although in hindsight, I was so unlike him, I should have seen it coming. I walked up the stairs and into the flat where me, my mom, my dad, and my older sister, Daisy, lived. But it was silent. Had they gone somewhere without me? My sister had the early shift at the laundry house and was usually home by the time I was. And my mom and dad were usually down in the shop, attending to customers. Then I heard it. The utterly recognizable sound of someone trying to subdue their sobs. I crept down the hall, my heart hammering, and slowing opened the door to my parent's room. And there she was, my mom, lying on the bed and clutching a picture in one hand and a length of silk in the other, screaming into the pillow. I rushed over to her side, shaking her and asking what happened. All she said was, "They left. Lily, they left." I never actually found out what happened on that day about three months ago. My dad and sister—they just left. And you don't just leave in Panem. I asked around for them for the next few days, but nobody had any idea where they were. They just disappeared into thin air. Sometimes, I think they were taken away by the Peacekeepers for no apparent reason. Or they snuck under the fence of our district and made off across the plains, heading nowhere in particular. More than likely, they were mugged and killed, their bodies stashed where they would never be found. My family wasn't poor. We were targets of the desperate people who needed money. But then again, I still hear my mother say, "They left," over and over in my head and I secretly think she know where they left to, but won't admit it. After my dad and Daisy left, me and my mom tried to stay afloat, but neither of us really knew how to make clothes. We had no steady income and suddenly one day, we had no money for dinner. I tried to keep the money coming in, but everything I made was cheap and sloppy. My mom began to waste away. She would spend all day in her bed, paralyzed with something I couldn't place until after she died. And on the morning I came to get her up and found her cold and clutching a picture of my dad, I knew she died of heartbreak. I tried to hide her death out of self-preservation. I knew they would take me to the community house if they realized I was suddenly an orphan. Mostly, though, I was hoping she would wake up, hold me close to her, and tell me it would be okay. I figured I had about two weeks before people noticed. Enough time to prepare myself for what was to come. But I couldn't open the shop and go to school at the same time. It took the Peacekeepers three days to come knocking on my door. To transfer what little I was allowed to keep to the community home. To sell the shop. It took me three months to lose everything I had. I close my eyes and turn away from the shop. I force my legs to move. Force them to walk the opposite way. To take me away. I manage to hold in most of my tears and I make it back to the home in one piece. I take the pales into the kitchen, hand over the extra money to the witch, and head straight up to the dorm. We call it the dorm, but really it's nothing more than a big, cold room with a few dozen cots in it, all tightly compacted. The other children are awake now, stretching their arms and rubbing their eyes. A few look frightened and must have awoken from nightmares. Of course they did. Today is the Reaping. I help some of the younger girls into their shoes and send them downstairs for breakfast—a little bit of egg and crackers if we are lucky. One person stays behind to help me clean up. Callum. Callum is a tall, dark haired boy my age with thick eyebrows and a handsome face who always seems to find a reason to smile. At first, I couldn't stand him. He was always saying things like, "isn't it nice out today?" or "this mush actually tastes pretty good today". But I began to realize that when you have nothing, you look for happiness in everything. As we are fixing the beds he says, "How's the water house today?" I shrug my shoulders. "Wet," I say. He seems to know something us up—which isn't that hard because Callum can read me like a book—because he says, "Is everything alright?" "I walked past it today," I confide. "The shop." He gives me a sad smile. "What happened, Lily?" I open my mouth to tell him it was nothing, to tell him that it just brought up some memories, but I'm okay now. I want to seem strong, especially in front of Callum, who is always strong and cheerful even though he has been an orphan for more than five years. But when I try to speak, I burst into sobs. He immediately rushes to my side and awkwardly puts an arm around my shoulder. I try to wave him off, but he just whispers more nice things until I calm down. We finish making the beds in silence and we head downstairs, my face red and puffy. The sun is just breaking fully into view, which is pretty offsetting, considering how much emotional trauma I've been though just this morning. And we still have the Reaping to do today. In fact, as soon as breakfast it over, we have only a few minutes to dress before we are round up like cattle and led to the square. I am wearing one of my old dresses, one my father make for me. It is pink with hints of white and green, designed after the flower for which I was named. The stargazer lily. It takes just a few minutes to get to the square, but I can already see it's