AUTHOR'S NOTE - I HAVE REWRITTEN PORTIONS OF THIS CHAPTER TO EXCISE ALL CANONICAL LINES. IT'S NO LONGER QUOTING A SINGLE THING FROM THE BOOKS. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. This may be the oddest thing I've ever written. Any and all comments, including "I don't get it" are welcome. I'm also not really sure about the title. This is not a pure crack-fic - but give it a chance. I've got some really messed-up crap in store... This is an alternate universe with a very odd divergence. It may seem a bit similar to the originals at first... but that will change very soon indeed. Harry and the Mysterious Curse of the Girl-Who-Lived CHAPTER ONE: HARRY POTTER IS NOT A GIRL Harry Potter was your typical, everyday not-very-well-treated orphan living in a house where his relatives didn't really care for him. They called him by the angry epithet of "freak" constantly, although Harry eventually realized what his own name was by the time he began to attend school. Harry didn't exactly hate his relatives, but he certainly did not love them. He didn't, to be honest, even like them at all, but at least that feeling was clearly mutual. Harry just tolerated them, even though he was forced to do difficult chores and given very little food, whereas his rotund and corpulent cousin the same age was given copious gifts, spoiled rotten, and was permitted to bully Harry as much as he desired. But his cousin Dudley was not in good health, and was quite stupid, so Harry didn't feel bad feeling more than a little bit superior. His relatives absolutely hated anything that could be considered "abnormal", although this was such a subjective concept, Harry really didn't understand what could be thought of as "normal". He felt normal, and he didn't think his relatives were normal. Then again, maybe he wasn't normal either. But there was something odd that kept happening over the years. Every so often, his Aunt Petunia would make an odd remark referencing something girlish. Never in context, never in a way that made sense. "Perhaps you'd prefer to wear a dress after all!" That sort of thing. Or "You might as well have pigtails with that hair!" Which made even less sense, considering Harry had short, albeit highly unmanageable dark hair. His Uncle Vernon and Dudley never really chimed in on these insults, having plenty more to choose from. So Harry learned to mostly ignore them. Mostly. But everything would change when the bizarre letter arrived. It was the day before Harry's birthday, and he was sent (as per usual) to retrieve the daily mail. But amid the various letters for his aunt and uncle, a mysterious and ornate letter lay, oddly addressed: Ms. Harriet Potter: The Cupboard under the Stairs 4 Privet Drive Little Whinging Surrey The Cupboard Under The Stairs? A weirdly specific and accurate detail, as this was where Harry slept in somewhat cramped quarters. It could have been worse, of course, at least he could stretch out fully. His cousin Dudley had two bloody rooms. But Harry was used to the unfairness of life and found pleasure where he could find it. But why did the letter say "Harriet"? Maybe it just meant "Harry" and someone made a mistake? Harry didn't like it, but had little choice but to ask his relatives. "Aunt Petunia, there's a letter here addressed to a 'Harriet Potter'. It looks like it's from a place called 'Hogwarts' - weird name." Aunt Petunia's face drained of color and she leaped forward and grabbed the letters out of Harry's hands, completely startling him. "Here now, what's going on?" Harry asked, a bit too completely taken aback to be his normally polite self to his aunt. But his question would go quite unanswered. And many more would soon arrive. A very frightened Vernon hustled the lot of them from place to place, trying to escape the crazy mislabeled letters. But more and more came and followed their every move. Harry was excited and scared at the same time, but honestly wondered what in the world was going on. It was clear that his aunt and uncle knew more than they were saying, but they refused to answer any questions. Even Dudley's, whom they almost never refused anything. Chilling, that. Eventually Vernon had taken them to some island in the middle of nowhere, and claimed that "no one will find us here!" Harry feared he was right, and as the seconds passed, he realized that midnight was nearly upon them. His birthday would be soon, and he would get nothing for it. Not that he ever did, though. 3...2...1... Harry Birthday, Harry Potter. But then, suddenly, a mighty shudder was heard at the door, and an enormous hairy man burst into the cramped cabin. He ripped Vernon's gun from his grasp and twisted it into a knot, exhibiting ridiculous strength. The man introduced himself as Hagrid, and explained that he was there to pick up Harry and take him to the silly-named Hogwarts. Apparently Harry was famous, and Hagrid was completely shocked that Harry didn't know about it. He then turned his wrath on the Dursleys for keeping the truth from Harry, although Vernon continued to bluster about angrily in protest. "Ah, go soak yer heads, yeh lump, " said Hagrid. "Harriet - yer a witch." Harry frowned and looked confused. "Wait, what? Did you say say 'witch'? And did you really call me Harriet? My name is Harry , not Harriet. Harriet is a girl's name, and it also sounds stupid." After years of being bullied, Harry felt a bit sensitive about his own name - perhaps the name 'Harriet' wasn't truly that awful, but Harry didn't like being called a girl. Hagrid started to laugh. "Yer just like your mum, with red hair and everything. Cute as a button, yeh are!" Harry turned slowly to look at the broken mirror on the wall and touched his black messy hair. His mouth opened, then closed again. "Um, Hagrid, is there a word for boy witches?" Harry was desperately hoping this was the case. Perhaps this Hagrid was just a bit confused after a long trip. "O' course, Harriet. They're called wizards, sure." "Oh, that makes sense," Harry breathed a sigh of relief. "So I'm a wizard then?" Harry realized this might explain all the bizarre things he had experienced over the years: hair growing back, reappearing on a roof, and of course the latest bit, the hilarious vanishing of the glass in the reptile house at the zoo. "No, Harriet, girls are called witches, mind yeh. Yeh are a witch. Nothin' to be ashamed of. And yeh'll be a thumpin' good'un, I'd say, once yeh've been trained up a bit. Yer mum was brilliant, and yer dad was a smart one too. I reckon I oughter give yeh yer letter now that I'm thinkin' abou' it." Harry wasn't sure he agreed with the logic, but he accepted the letter. But oh, what a letter! Yes, it also was mistakenly addressed to Ms. Potter, not Mr. Potter, but it was an invitation to a School of Magic . Harry couldn't help but get excited, although he was a bit confused about some of the references. "It's simple enough, Harriet," said Hagrid, attaching a note to an owl he pulled from somewhere in his enormous cloak. "Us magical folk use them owls to send messages, like Muggles do fer letters and the like. Gotta 'spect Hogwarts ter use owls, o' course, it's the only way it makes a lick o' sense. And as fer Perfessor Dumbledore, why, he's just the greatest wizard in the whole bloomin' country! Runs the school too, so he'll be yer Headmaster. Great man, that Dumbledore, you'll see." "Oh, he's not going to that bloody school," said Vernon with a growl. "We tried to get that ruddy nonsense off him, did our best to keep him normal, so we're not about to let you just up and ruin everything!" "Wait a minute," said Harry. "You knew about this? That there was magic? That I was magic?" Petunia's face curdled like she had swallowed spoilt milk. "That horrid school will be the death of you, boy. You're not going." Vernon nodded and stood an unsteady step forward. "You heard her. Get away from here." "Is that so?" A look of anger flashed on Hagrid's face, and Harry's uncle stepped back in sudden fear. "Yer the worst kind o' Muggles, just like McGonagall warned me," said the giant man. "She's going to Hogwarts, and there ain't nothin' you Muggles can do about it." "Um." Harry looked back and forth between his uncle and Hagrid, worrying that things were only going to get worse. "Hagrid, what... what do you mean by Muggles?" Petunia huffed. "It means we matter less than they do," she said, which only confused Harry further. "Ridiculous," scoffed Hagrid. "Harriet, it's just the word we use fer folks that can't use magic. Nothin' mean about it. Muggles can't be witches or wizards - but you can." He glared at Vernon again and let the owl fly away. Harry's head was spinning, and he felt he had a great deal to learn. "Enough!" Petunia shrieked suddenly. "The... the... boy is not going to that school ! We knew, we knew , that he'd be a freak like his parents. If they just had the sense not to get blown up and left him on our doorstep..." "Blown up?" Harry had a horrid thought and the blood drained from his face. "I thought... you told me they died in a car crash!" "A what?" Hagrid glared at Petunia. "A Car Crash ? What a bloody outrage! How dare yeh? As if somethin' like a car crash coulda killed them two. It weren't that, and yeh know it!" "Oh, then how else could I explain it?" Petunia demanded angrily. "Tell them some horrid one of your kind killed them? You think that is what they deserve?" "What happened ?" Harry interrupted before anyone else could start yelling. "How did they die?" Hagrid grimaced. "Really shouldn't be the one to say; thought yeh'd already know, o' course. But I s'pose yeh gotta know, yeh deserve ter know." He looked down at Harry with a sad look. "Seein' yeh like that, the bleedin' copy of yer mum and all." He sighed. "I'll tell yeh then. It was this terrible, powerful, evil old witch. We called her 'Yeh-Know-Who'. She killed dozens o' great wizards and witches, including your mum and dad. But Harriet, that's where the true amazing thing happened. Instead o' killing yeh in yer pram, somehow yeh lived and she disappeared." The large man smiled, although he had tears in his eyes. "Yer famous, Harriet. Everyone in the magical world knows yer name." "Okay," said Harry slowly, trying to process it all, but feeling a bit frustrated at how Hagrid would not stop referring to him as "Harriet". "And who was this witch?" Hagrid shook his head. "I can't tell yeh that, Harriet. Bad luck, it is." "But you know it, don't you? Right?" The man made a face but nodded. "Yer right, Harriet, yer right. I guess... it's hard fer me, not used to sayin' it." He took a deep breath. "All right - Volotredi . Lady Volotredi they called her. Awful, horrid old woman she was. Terrifying." Vernon scoffed. "Volo... oh what foolishness! That's not a real name. Foreign, is it? Sounds Italian. Or worse." "She weren't that," said Hagrid. "And yeh should stop talkin' on things yeh don't know, yeh lousy Muggle." "Hagrid," interrupted Harry again, seeing Vernon's face turning red in fury. "Why am I famous? I don't really get that part." "Ah, that's simple enough," said Hagrid. "See that scar on yer forehead?" The scar... Harry had always liked it, thought it made him different from the Dursleys. And apparently for good reason.