Bonjour! Everyone, so good to see you all again! Did anyone miss me? I'm back after spending a week in France (Corsica to be precise). Vacation = not writing one single word apart from a few postcards. So here it is, finally… the first chapter of Lethal Conclusion. This is the third in a series of fics (the previous ones being Twisted Tale and Toxic Lullaby) You do NOT have to read those two first, but this lethal conclusion will probably make more sense if you do, seeing as it is meant to be the conclusion of the series. I have a few chapters prewritten, but those of you that have read my fics before probably know by now that I am a rather slow writer. You can expect updates twice maybe tree time's a month. Currently I've got 22 chapters outlined and it's my ambition to not let this story reach more than 30 chapters (that's about a year worth of writing for me… ugh) There will be some repetitive stuff in the first few chapters so that both old and new readers will know where the characters stand before the story line picks up and the plot thickens. Just like with the two previous stories there will be a bit of a parallel plot happening alongside the lovey dovey fluff and relationship drama. . . Complete summary: Bella has done all sorts of stupid things lately...leaving home without her wallet, walked away from her vehicle leaving the door open, gone to meetings dressed in mismatched socks. The list goes on… Things have gone missing and turned up in odd places, appointments have been mysteriously cancelled and rebooked without any memory of such decisions being made…. Pregnancy brain? Or is there something else… something much darker and more disturbing waiting to be revealed as special agent Swan takes on the challenge of living full time with Edward and his 3-year-old son Tony. . ... . Chapter 1 - As the dust settles... Bella woke, feeling sweaty and uncomfortable. Her cotton T-shirt clung to her chest like a second skin and the warm flannel of her pyjama bottoms made her skin feel itchy and overheated. Frustrated, she threw her blanket off in hopes of cooling down. When that didn't work she pried her eyes open slowly and looked around the darkened room. It took her a while to orient herself. Her vision was hazy with fatigue as she clearly hadn't gotten more than a few winks of sleep. She was lying in a bed, she knew that much. The only other thing she was certain of was that the bed was located in bedroom that was not her own. Bella felt she should be used to this by now. It had been ages since she had slept in her own bed. Between her out-of-town work commitments, a shorter hospital stint, and a oh so lovely visit with the 'in-laws' over the holidays, she had woken up in countless of different rooms and different beds over the past few months. That didn't stop her heart rate from spiking for a second or two. Then she recognized the soft snores of her boyfriend, and with that her panic turned into frustration instead. No wonder she was warm. Edward was draped over her back like a second blanket and the two of them were surrounded by seemingly thousands of pillows; large, puffy, frilly pillows… ugh. Suddenly, she knew with startling clarity just whose bedroom this was. Not that she had really forgotten - it was just difficult to hold more than one thought at a time when she was only barely awake. The bedspread, the decor and everything else about the room all screamed 'hand-picked by Alice Cullen'. The woman was a saint for swapping apartment with her brother, but her taste was a bit on the over-the-top, girly side. The only hint of a masculine touch in the room was the antique civil war rifle hanging above the door. Poor Jasper did not have much say in home decor matters, that much was clear. He was probably enjoying his stay in Edwards bachelor pad, which was all bedecked in leather, dark-colored wood, glossy white bathroom tile, and the latest in electronic devices… or maybe not, because it really, truly felt weird being in someone else's bedroom. Note to self: You cannot unsee what you see in your boyfriend's sister's bedside drawers, so don't look!. It's only a temporary solution, Bella felt the need to remind herself as she shuddered and then rubbed her eyes free of the last remaining traces of sleep. Sometimes she wished she could fast-forward through time so she could be done with the whole ordeal. She couldn't wait to be all settled into the new home, the one that Edward had purchased for them little over a month ago. Moving in together had not been as straightforward as they had originally thought it would be. Finding and buying a property to live in had been a bit of a hit-and-miss affair, to say the least. The house they had finally settled for certainly had the potential of becoming a great investment. However, in their rush to close the deal, they had misjudged the amount of work it would actually take to get their new home ready for habitation. So while the necessary renovations were being carried out, Bella found herself being talked into staying in her previously mentioned compact but cozy, top-floor bachelor pad. Not the smartest of moves. The tight living space was obviously not ideal, but the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back, came when the elevator broke down five times in the first eight days of Bella living there. This was when Alice, bless her heart, came to the rescue and the swapping of apartments took place. A faulty elevator was seriously the last thing you'd want to have to deal with when you're lugging around a stomach the size of a pumpkin. Because yes, Bella was pregnant and quite heavily so, which was why she couldn't muster up the energy to deal with more than one or two flights of stairs at a time. It was also the reason why she couldn't seem to get any quality REM sleep at night these days. It was kind of hard to relax and get comfortable, when your whole body was sore, swollen and achy. Mostly however, she placed the blame for her insomnia on those icky third-trimester pregnant hormones coursing through her veins. Damn pregnancy. Damn hormones…. Damn it all! Not for the first time, she cursed Edward and his super sperm (this being his second child, but Bella's first)! Sometimes she regretted ever letting him near her in the first place. Only no, not really…. Bella was so very happy that she and Edward were having this surprise baby together - still a bit shocked and overwhelmed, but happy nonetheless. There was no one she rather share this experience with than Edward. Also, it didn't hurt that pregnant sex had been some of the best sex they had ever had together, which would account for some of the soreness she was currently feeling. Those damn hormones sure had a lot to answer for! . … . Edward Cullen did not want to wake up just yet. Something, or someone, was trying to rouse him from his sleep, but it was way, way too early to be awake for his liking. He groaned in frustration and buried his head deeper into his pillow. The room was still dark, quiet and child free, so he really saw no reason to get up anytime soon. In fact he would prefer to sleep for another three… or six hours, if possible. It wasn't until he realized that his pillow was moving, and was made out of flesh, that he finally forced his eyes open, grumbling, "Where's the fire?" "I need to get up," came the reply. "Edward, let go off my arm!" "No, it's still dark and you promised we'd get to sleep in this morning." "In your dreams maybe," his adorably grumpy, very pregnant girlfriend snorted at him, untangling her legs from his. "I've promised no such thing and I really, REALLY need to go to the bathroom," "Again?" Edward grumbled, as he rolled over and propping his head up on his elbow. "Ugh, it's like every other hour now, that can't possibly be normal?" "I don't know." Bella pushed her body off the bed, steadying herself with a hand on his shoulder. Her other hand was curled around her swollen, nearly seven month pregnant belly. "All I know is that your baby is pressing on my bladder and if I don't get up now, I'll wet myself and the bed and then none of us will get any more sleep this morning," she informed which he only hummed absently in response, because as per usual, his mind began reeling the second she referred to her bump as his baby. Holy crap! - there was an actual, living baby in there! And not just any baby, HIS baby! Hearing those words coming out of that sweet mouth of hers… Itgot to him every time. It made his chest tightened with a mixture of emotions. Irrational fear of the enormous commitment he was about to make, being the primary one. The responsibilities that came with newborn babies were terrifyingand very much uncharted territory for him. However he also felt a great deal of anticipation and eagerness to meet this new little creature they had created together. Another emotion that came over him, while watching Bella waddled across the room, was...awe. She was so beautiful like this, he could hardly think straight. He loved how smooth and rosy her ivory skin looked. The whole pregnancy glow thing wasn't justbullshit, at least not in her case. Bella was truly radiant. He loved how her body was changing to accommodate their growing baby. He loved watching, and touching, her bump. He loved her fuller breasts, her curvier hips… and the two dimples in the small of her back... They had never been as pronounced as they were now and he just loved them. Not that he hadn't loved her slender, lean frame from before, and would again, but there was something about seeing her like this, something about the silhouette of her ripe, pregnant body, that made him want to drag her into his arms and make love to her until they were both too exhausted to take even one more breath. Now there was a thought worth exploring…. Forget sleep, sleep was overrated anyway, he decided fighting off a yawn. He could feel a new plan forming in his sleep deprived, horny mess of a mind; a plan that involved getting as much grown up time in as possible, beforethe three-year-old, currently asleep in the other bedroom, woke up and took over the joint. Ironically that was the last thought that ran through his mind, before another jaw-cracking yawn came over him and he felt his eyelids succumb to the force of gravity. . …. . Bella wasn't too surprised to find Edward fast asleep again upon her return to the bedroom. She couldn't fault him for it. She knew he had been through an absolutely exhausting week, slaving away to make his newly purchased, four bedroom, semi detached townhouse livable before the arrival of the new baby. Sighing, she climbed back into the bed, arranging the blankets around her swollen abdomen. Surprise babies had a tendency to turn everything upside down. The larger her belly grew the more obsessed Edward seemed to get with his plans for the new house. While she had no doubt his heart was in the right place, it all reeked of some sort of male testosterone thing,which Bella found a little bizarre. Who cared if the second bathroom didn't have a tub? Or if the kitchen only had open shelving as the above counter