Jayneak47 is a writer who has sadly never finished a story, but that is about to change here and now (hopefully). Here is my new Twilight story: You're My Ray Of Sunlight Jane's P.O.V TV had fascinated me in this new day and age, but I kept up with the times as much as possible. I knew how to use the most usual things in the age of technology, though no one else took the time. I was watching a movie entitled "A little Princess," and a particular thing the young Sarah girl said stuck with me through the rest of the day. She said, "I am a princess; all girls are. Even if they live in tiny old attics, even if they dress in rags, even if they're not young or smart, they're still princesses. All of us. Didn't your father ever tell you that? Didn't he?" My father never told me that. In fact, Alec and I never knew our father, and we never found out why. I never asked. Walking through our tunnels, the line plagued my thoughts and angered my mind. Why had I never asked about him? Our father? Somehow it was more important to me now than it was centuries ago. I entered Alec's room and stood in the doorway. "What is it, Jane?" "Who is our father? Or who was?" "We don't have a father, Jane." He turned to face me. "Why has it begun to bother you now?" I wouldn't tell him about the young Sarah; he would think me weak for caving into my emotions. "No reason. It just bothered me that we only thought of ourselves as created." "I don't want to remember ourselves as humans. Not today." "The flesh freaks me, too." We shared a small smile. Paul's P.O.V "Ok, I admit I have problems controlling my temper," I said to Jacob. He had dragged me out of the Cullen's house for caving for something the bulky leech had said to me. "Well, find a way to deal with it before we lose our treaty and have some godforsaken war. I can't risk losing Nessie right now." He turned around and walked back inside. I sauntered into the forest, looking at my feet. Damn Imprints. Why do they take up all my brother's time? That's the only time we ever really act like dogs. Jumping to our Imprint's every beck and call, I thought to myself with enough anger to shudder, but not uncontrollably. Having an Imprint was gross. Especially with Claire and Nessie. They make Quil and Jake look like pedos. My shudders stopped and I climbed a tree to stare into the night sky. Stars were confusing, so I'd be dead lost on the sea. But I would be happy lost; the stars are the only things that almost calm me down. Almost. Edward's P.O.V Everyone was watching the video game competition between Emmet and Renesmee. People were mostly cheering on Renesmee because Emmet always won and they wanted to see him fail, except obviously Rosalie, but only by a little bit. Her thoughts were conflicted. Come on, Ness, but at least have a tie No, Emmet needs to win But Ness is only a child. I silently chuckled at her confliction. That's when the phone rang. Carlisle got up to answer it. I absently listened to the conversation. "Hello?" "Carlisle, my dear friend." "Aro, so nice to hear from you." Lying through your teeth was the only way with Aro, but why was the head of the Volturi calling? "I was wondering, my dear friend, how the halfling is coming along?" "Renesmee is fine, thank you." "Good. Good." There was a silence. "You've called, Aro, and excuse me for saying, but you don't much like technology." "Yes, you remember. I call because I have favor to ask you." "Yes?" "We are much interested in those wolves of yours and I would like to send one of my guard to have a look at them." I stood up abruptly. I felt Bella's eyes on me but I continued to listen. "And why are you interested, may I ask?" "Because they are nothing like the children and that interests me. I know you have looked at and studied their nature when you could." "But only at a safe distance." "Your pets will not be Well, what am I saying? Who can stop her, really?" I stepped closer to where the phone was, Bella tailing me. "Who are you planning on sending, Aro?" "My Jane, of course, though she was nowhere near happy with my decision. She's packing at this very moment to catch the plane. Sad, though, that she has to be around all those humans." "Aro, I can't agree that..." "Must go, my old friend. Dinner is here." And the line went dead. O.O.O.O.O.O.O.O.O.O.O.O. .O. I ran over to Carlisle to grab the phone, but the line went dead. I crushed the phone out of anger. "Edward?" Bella was holding my other hand. Concern was in her voice and in her head but I just couldn't find the words to answer her. Carlisle patted my shoulder and walked back to the family. He switched the TV off. There were lots of whys and whats until they caught a look of Carlisle's face. "What is it?" Jacob asked for all of them on the edge of their seat. "Jane's coming, isn't she?" Everyone turned to Alice. I walked back over and glared at her. "If you knew this was going to happen, why didn't you say anything?" "Because my head has been hurting with all the blank spots to do with the wolves. It was hard to see her because most of the important bits were missing. I couldn't really tell if she was coming! It was just a guess! Don't badger me, Edward. I would have told you if I had known!" With that Alice ran up to her room, with Jasper close behind her. "That's not the most important news, though." "What is?" Bella asked this time. "She's coming to find out about the wolves." Jacob stood upright, looking just about ready to pummel someone. "She's coming for us?" "Yes." "Sam won't like this. I don't like this!" "We can't just kill her, Jacob," I said, reading his thoughts, "That would start a war, a vampire war. She's that important to the Volturi." "We can't just " "But we have to," Carlisle said, interrupting. "Or they will find a way to punish us for our disobedience." There was a silence until Jacob had to burst out the door. Renesmee tried to stop him but Bella took her in her arms. "Leave him. He has a message to deliver." "Where the hell is the bitch gonna stay? 'Cause she can't stay here." Emmet said. "I imagine she'll tell us when she gets here tomorrow." OOOOOOOOOOOOO Jacob's P.O.V Running through the forest was a nightmare. I couldn't run slowly. Sam would hate if I delayed relaying the message. But I couldn't go fast because apprehension was infectious in the pack. When I finally got to Emily's, they were all there, laughing and smiling, even Paul. I'm guessing he's drunk; that's the only time he's ever happy. I walked over to the fridge and grabbed some chips only to find Sam staring at me. "What's up, Jacob? I can smell your anger and apprehension." Dammit, was it that bad? "I got news, bad news." Everyone shut up then. "Go on." "A Shit, I can't process how to say this without " "Just say it, man. We can take it," Seth hollered. "No, I don't think most of you can, and I think it would be a good idea for most of you to step outside." "But..." "NOW." Both Sam and I used our Alpha voices. Everyone got up and trudged outside. "What is it, Black?" Sam was eyeing me with less pressure now. "Jane, the leech from the royals, is coming here." Half the pack started shaking. "All the royals, too?" "No, just her, but the main thing is she isn't coming to look at Renesmee, she's coming to look at us." Half the pack transformed with a loud rip, including Sam, who can usually control his temper. "What the fuck?" Paul was still human and hadn't transformed for some reason. "Why us?" "They think of us as pets, and want to study us up close." "We're not lab rats." "Tell that to them." Sam tilted his head to the forest and most of the pack ran in. Paul and I transformed and followed. The Cullens and us need to talk. O+O+O+O+O+O+O+O+O+O+O+O+O+O+O+O+O Jane's P.O.V I didn't lash out, I didn't say pain and torture anybody, I just sauntered into my room and began to pack my tech. I would buy more normal clothes when I got into Forks. My instructions were clear and I would follow them to the letter, but I would let my anger out later. I changed into black jeans, flats and a purple hoodie to camouflage with humans and walked to the airport that wasn't actually that far away. I hopped on a plane and locked away my blood lust for the long trip. The plane went straight to Canada, so I caught another plane to Seattle and took a cab to forks. I paid for a halfway trip because the cabbie stunk and I could no longer hold my nose. I enjoyed the walk to the Cullens through the forest. Actually, I was making heaps of noise and slicing trees in anger for being sent by Aro, of all people he could have chosen. "It's because I trust you the most," he said. Oh, fuck off, woman lover. I slowed my approach to the Cullens, putting on my black backpack with all my things higher on my shoulders. They were all there, waiting. I hoped to god they had noticed my little tantrum. "We noticed, but we're not too thrilled, either." I smiled and Edward winced. "Fear not, dear Cullens, I am not here to hurt you. At least not intentionally." Most of them hissed. "Jane, what are your instructions for being here?" I looked over at Carlisle and grimaced. "I am to attend school with the wolves and watch them in their natural habitat. It's called the reservation yes?" "Yes, but where are you staying?" "Anywhere that has Wi-Fi." "Really?" "Just because the master doesn't like tech, doesn't mean I don't." That's when their odor hit my sensitive nose; I gagged in my head at the sight of the lot of them. "I'm Sam, Alpha of the Res pack." He had short cropped black hair and walked over to shake my hand. I just stared at him. "And I'm Jacob, Forks pack Alpha." I nodded since he didn't approach me. I eyed the whole lot of them, and then one caught my eye. He was shuddering vigorously but his eyes were locked on mine the whole time. "What's wrong with him? He looks like he's having a heart attack." Sam turned and saw Paul. He broke through the others to get to him but the boy transformed before my very eyes. The transformation frightened the hell out of me, but my face remained blank. He was a weird looking wolf, white with brown highlight markings on him. "Paul!" Sam shouted as the "PAUL" ran away in the other direction. "Did that have anything to do with me?" I asked curtly. "Um " Jacob looked at Sam. "No." "Awww, too bad. I was hoping it was." I smiled. "I'll stay in a hotel in Seattle, and come up for school." "School?" "Most of you do still go, don't you?" And with that I blurred away in the direction I had come, in search of a hotel or motel to spend my thousands. O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_O_ Paul's P.O.V What the hell happened just now? The leech no, Jane no, that bloodsucker, just I couldn't think straight. All