Chapter 1:Project H.O.P.E. November 23,1992 2:30pm Athena's Palace, Olympus It was a regular day in Olympus, and Athena was doing her favorite pastime, spying on her longtime rival, Poseidon. She did this using several cameras and microphones attached to specially bred owls. The feed from the cameras and microphones was constantly being transmitted to a special room in Athena's palace. This room, which the goddess dubbed her 'Revenge Room', was filled with pictures of Poseidon, which were attached to several targets and were all very much ripped. On one wall there was a tapestry, which Athena herself wove, that depicted Poseidon, the god of the sea, drowning as horses and other equine creatures pummeled him, with Athena standing on a platform high above, looking down with a triumphant smirk. Taking up an entire wall of the room were the monitors that showed feed from Athena's spy-owl cameras as they constantly flew around the world looking for the lord of the sea. It was early in the afternoon and Athena was still trying to find some sign of Poseidon, when, just as the goddess of wisdom was about to go do something else, an owl found him in New York. Much to the surprise of Athena, he was on a date with a mortal woman. The woman had long brown hair and blue eyes that changed in the light. When Athena noticed Poseidon's expression, she knew that nothing short of killing the mortal would stop Poseidon from siring a child with her, as such, Athena started thinking of ways to deal with the situation that has manifested itself. While she did consider just killing the mortal woman, Athena thought of a much less wasteful plan. Turn the child that would come out of this relationship into a weapon, a soldier that would serve Olympus and make sure that the prophecy goes in favor of the Olympians. The goddess of battle strategy smiled a sinister smile; she was going to enjoy this. Athena contemplated many ways of turning a child into an effective weapon. A thought that popped into her mind was to make the child another Achilles, to dip it into the River Styx, but she dismissed the thought as that plan could kill the child. She contemplated turning it into a cyborg, but again she dismissed it, seeing as there would be need to constantly replace parts and the process could, once again, kill the child. She was contemplating infusing the child with great amounts of magical energy, when it hit her. The plan was so simple and effective that Athena nearly hit herself, just give the child the blessing of multiple gods and goddesses to give it more powers and make it more durable. Not only was it effective, but also it had nearly no chance of killing the child. Fueled by determination, she set off to get the gods and goddesses she knew would be perfect for achieving her goal. A little while later Throne room Hera was in her throne, which was engraved with pictures of peacocks with cushions filled with peacock feathers, thinking about how Poseidon was probably having another affair, if her senses were anything to go by. When Athena called her attention. She was surprised, seeing as the two of them didn't talk much and when they did it was usually something really important, and her surprise doubled when she noticed Athena walk in with Aphrodite as well. "Okay, so I believe you both know of Barnacle Beard's affair, right?" Athena asked them. After receiving nods from the both of them, she continued, "I'm sure we can all agree that a child will be born from Poseidon's latest escapade, so I thought of a plan that would benefit from this development," Athena then, Apollo, Artemis, Hecate, Poseidon, Hestia and Hades all came in. Athena smiled. "Good, now that everyone is here, I can explain my plan." And so she did. The reactions to the plan were varied, but most certainly not unexpected. Poseidon was very suspicious of Athena's plan, believing her to have ulterior motives, and joining him were Hestia and Hera. Hades was being grumpy, believing it unfair that a child of Poseidon would get this kind of treatment, but he understood the benefits and necessity of such actions. Artemis was all for it, saying that if the child was a male then at least he would become useful and that if it was a girl then it would only prove the superiority of females. Apollo and Aphrodite agreed to it without really understanding anything. Hecate silently agreed to the plan and began contemplating ways to improve it. It took time, but Hestia, Hera and even Poseidon were convinced to go along with the plan, though Poseidon only agreed when it became clear that the alternative would be the death of his lover. Everyone began discussing the finer points of the plan when Hecate brought up a very relevant point. "Hold on a minute, what's the point of granting a child such abilities when it won't know how to use them, much less control them?" Athena realized the goddess of magic had a point, and began devising measures to ensure that the child wouldn't accidentally go nuclear. However, Hestia came up with an idea that grabbed everyone's attention. "Why don't we train it ourselves? Show it how to use the abilities we grant it to the greatest extent, guide it to reach it's full potential and master powers that most people can only dream of." "Yes, good idea Hestia. Though we can't exactly just constantly spend time training a child, we have duties to attend to," Athena replied, already thinking of a workaround. She began muttering to herself. "Train it…full potential…can only dream of…dream of…dream…Aha! I know, we can visit the child in it's dreams and train it that way, most of us don't usually have much to do at night anyways." Everyone nodded and agreed to this course of action. "Now, anything else we should be concerned with?" "Ah yes, what about it's demigod scent? Surely with that much power, it would become a target for monsters everywhere," said Hecate. "Not to worry, just leave that to me," Athena replied, a slight smile gracing her lips for a moment, but nobody caught it. "Anything else?" "Well, I was thinking that until it gets a complete handle on it's powers, we could seal away the child's abilities," Hecate stated. Athena nodded, taking note of that suggestion. She then looked around the group of immortals with a questioning look in her eyes. When her eyes landed on Apollo his eyes sparkled, and Athena immediately sighed. "What is it Apollo?" "Well, I was thinking that this little project of ours needs a name, and I have the perfect one! Let's call it project 'Awesomeness', I know, I know it's great right?" "No it is not great Apollo, but you do have a slight point with needing a name, I suppose. Anyone have any actual names that they would like to propose?" Hestia stepped forward, a slight smile on her face. "I have a name, Project: Hero of Olympus and People Everywhere, or Project: H.O.P.E. for short." "I like it, Project: H.O.P.E. it is. Alright, I think that just about wraps up the first official Project: H.O.P.E. meeting." After swearing oaths to keep everything that they talked about a secret, everyone dispersed with promises to meet-up at the Jackson residence the next day. The next morning Sally Jackson's apartment To say that Poseidon was nervous would be the understatement of the century. He wasn't sure if Sally would even approve of this, thinking that while having a child is great and all, having a child that you know could very well die at the age of 16 was an entirely different matter in and of itself. He was brought out of his thoughts as Sally walked into the room. "Poseidon? Who are these people?" She asked in a curious voice. Poseidon introduced everyone with a nervousness that Sally hadn't seen in him before. "Ms. Jackson, let's just cut straight to the chase, shall we? Poseidon has made his stand with you quite clear, and he plans to, shall we say, escalate your relationship much further. Foreseeing this, I came up with a plan that could very save all of Olympus. In order for this to make complete sense, allow me to share with you some bits of information. First, World War II was a battle between the children of the Big Three. After the war ended, they decided that their children were too powerful, and swore to never sire another child again. However, that wasn't the only cause of their pact. Another, much more pressing matter forced their hand, a prophecy was issued by the Oracle of Delphi. Apollo, if you will?" Apollo's eyes suddenly shone green as a green mist escaped from his mouth. The temperature seemed to drop by 5 degrees and a chill went up everyone's spine. A raspy old voice that seemed to be more ancient than any of the gods in the room spoke from everywhere and nowhere at the same: "A half-blood of the eldest gods Shall reach sixteen against all odds And see the world in endless sleep The hero's soul, cursed blade shall reap A single choice shall end his days Olympus to preserve or raze" As soon as it started, the voice ceased, the mist cleared and Apollo's eyes returned to normal. Sally Jackson, being the strong woman that she was, shook off the shock she felt to digest the words she just heard. Her eyes widened in realization as she figured out the implications of the prophecy. "I see..." she said. "What exactly is this plan of yours?" "It's simple really, to give the blessings of all of us here to whatever child your relationship with Poseidon produces, train it to use those powers as well as to be loyal to Olympus and let the prophecy take it's course." "There's just one small problem with that plan," said Sally. "Oh, and what might that be?" asked Athena "I'm infertile." A silence descended upon the room for a moment before, by some unknown force, all the divine beings in the room recited at once, "Huh?" "You heard me, I can't have children." "Well then, there's nothing to worry about then," said Hera. "Now hold on, can't you three do anything about this? We already came up with a plan, why not bring it to fruition?" Athena asked, pointing at Artemis, Hera and Aphrodite. The three goddesses looked at each other and nodded. "We'll do it, better get this whole prophecy thing out of the way quickly," said Aphrodite. Artemis nodded, albeit a bit hesitantly. Artemis always wanted to have a child, but she never could because she couldn't even think about being in a relationship with a man, so of course she was a bit reluctant to help another woman bear a child when she herself couldn't. Hera noticed this, and she felt some sympathy for what she herself would sometimes dub as 'a product of her husband's infidelity'. While pride would never allow her to admit it out loud, Hera didn't hate Artemis, she just hated what it was that Artemis' existence would keep reminding her, that her husband was unfaithful. Truth be told, Hera quite liked Artemis, for she was a strong, independent woman who wouldn't back down from anything and did things the way she wanted to do them. An idea struck the goddess of marriage, an idea that might start the process of building something of a positive relationship between herself and Artemis. While everyone was busy doing their own thing, Hera beckoned Artemis and Aphrodite over to a corner. She looked at Artemis, but spoke to the both of them, "I have a proposition. Artemis, you want to have a child, right?" Artemis nodded, a bit confused at the choice of topic.