Howdy folks. So this is a new one from me, i'm thinking CissaMione endgame so that is what it will be listed as at this point. Big Trigger Warning as there are numerous mentions of rape. This one is also heavily on the M side and fairly explicit so if you can't handle or you're too young read at your own risk because this is the warning you're getting. Hermione leaves the wizarding world behind and realises things are a little harder in the muggle world than she expected. A year after the final Battle she bumps into old enemies who become new friends, despite her choice in profession. Can she get past her past and start over in the wizarding world and will her newest truest friend end up as more? I do not own anything but the plot. Reviews encouraged. [Trigger Warning: Non-con] Prologue Things had changed. Immediately after the battle at the castle things had changed drastically. Everyone got busy. Busy mourning the dead and sending them off the right way. Busy rebuilding. Busy finding lost family members. Everyone was busy. That was why it had been so easy to lose track. To lose a part of them all so big it should have been impossible. But it happened and they didn't know how. They didn't know where to look. They didn't know how to find what had vanished so silently. At first they had thought that it was the rogue Death-eaters. Somehow they had taken her for some reason, captured her and tortured her as some last ditch effort. Yet when the last of the Death-eaters were rounded up and questioned they realised that none of them had any idea what they were even being asked. The months dragged on and things had to keep moving. Weddings happened. Birthdays were celebrated. Lives went on. After a year it was all but forgotten. Finding Lifeless The restaurant was packed and almost stiflingly hot, the body heat only adding to the vented heat and the invading warmth of the kitchen through large double doors. Not a single table was vacant. Conversation was hushed and jumbled to anyone trying to listen off to the side and there was so many talking all at once that the drone of voices was constant. It was irritating to some, the people working there, but never irritating enough to make the money they made not worth it. "Can you tell me again why we are here?" A not quite tone broke the silence two seated at a small table toward the middle of the room. "Because we have been holed up in the Manor for the better part of the year and im tired of it. I thought we would enjoy going out to dinner." Came the reply. "But... why a muggle restaurant?" Narcissa Malfoy asks with a slightly hushed tone and a wrinkle to her nose. "I didn't want to deal with the looks and sneers typical of our world." Draco huffs annoyed at the whole thing. It wasn't as if he didn't know what he had done but he also hadn't done it willingly. In fact he had only done it because he was honestly scared shitless, not only for himself but also his mother. Voldemort was obviously highly unstable and not the least bit remorseful in his actions. He had mercilessly killed and fed his serpent, his apparent blood-lust, and it didn't seem to matter who he killed. Of course he hadn't expected things to go back to normal, where he was practically worshiped as the Slytherin prince. But he hadn't planned for everyone to hate him and his mother so easily. Could no one understand his position? That he had had to live with not only a mad-man but also Bellatrix Lestrange. Lestrange herself was a loose cannon at the best of times, just as likely to embrace you as she was to bite a chunk out of you. His mother had always been stunted in the magical world. His mother who would do anything for him. Who he had underappreciated for years because he was too busy trying to earn his fathers pride. Pride from a man with no pride of his own, no back backbone when it mattered. More than once in the last twelve months Draco found himself really wishing he was a Black and not a Malfoy. He wished he had that Black pride that his mother wielded like a weapon. The woman had been knocked down more times than Draco could count, an abusive father, an abusive husband. That was just the physical abuse. Druella and Bellatrix dished out an unhealthy amount of the verbal as well. Still Narcissa held her head up. When she was jinxed with a Jelly-legs not a week ago she picked herself back up and dusted herself of before going about her day with her head held high. Any time the woman was confronted she would simply square her shoulders, accept her fate, and leave with her head high. She wore her shame well, felt it to her core, just like Draco did, and accepted what she had done and been a part of. The war was far too fresh for everyone for Narcissa to yet feel like she could defend herself. "I need to use the bathroom, will you be alright?" Draco asks, they were waiting on their meal to come still. "Of course, Draco. Don't be foolish." Narcissa frowns at her son, she adored how caring he had been lately but sometimes it was a bit ridiculous. Draco simply nodded and got to his feet and made his way to the bathroom. He promptly relieved himself, washed his hands and wiped them off before making his way for the door. He was just reaching to open it when it swung open very nearly hitting him in the face. Draco scowled as a laughing man stepped in with someone right behind him. He was about to open his mouth to snark at the man about being careful when he realised just who it was behind the man. "Watch it, mate." The man smirks rudely. It didn't matter, Draco didn't really hear him though, he was far too shocked to say anything. Chocolate eyes with no life left in them locked with his, he didn't even see any recognition in her expression she simply looked... lifeless. Accepting of her fate perhaps. There was no fire he had secretly admired and respected in the past. No spark of life. No determination. It was just emptiness in those flat chocolate orbs, dulled by a life that had clearly left a lot to be desired. Draco lingered, only for a moment, watching the woman mostly shielded by a crass man who had his mouth attached to her neck and hand to her breast. The shock was still showing on his face when he returned to the table as his mother was giving him a very curious look. Draco sat and mechanically placed his napkin on his lap as he tried to make sense of what he had just seen. But he couldn't understand it. What had happened to make that particular woman so willing to act in that particular way and why were they here. What had she been doing all this time? Was this it? "Draco?" Narcissa had said his name five times at this point and still nothing. "What?" Draco frowns and finally turns his attention to his mother. "What is wrong?" Narcissa huffs at her currently clueless son. "I just... I... I think i just saw Hermione." Draco finally gets out, his uncertainty owing to a stutter. "Granger? But she's been missing." Narcissa frowns and looks around in an attempt to catch a glimpse. "I know. She's in the men's with some bloke." Draco says incredulously. "Hermione Granger is shagging some man in a public bathroom in a restaurant? Dear, are you sure it was her?" Narcissa glanced from the men's toilet door back to her son for a moment before looking back that way. "I'm not. That's why it's so confusing. I mean its her, it has to be, it looks just like her but when she looked at me? There was just nothing." Draco was also looking at the bathroom door, waiting. They didn't have to wait many more minutes before the door opened, the man walked out a lot calmer seeming now but still wearing the same smirk, he was tucking his shirt back into his pants. Hermione was a half pace behind him, saying something that had the man turning and seeming to shove some money at her. Money that was promptly packed into her purse before the witch looked up. She seemed to zero in on the Malfoy's, could feel them watching her, but she barely spared them a glance before walking through the dining room and right out the door. The Malfoys looked at one another for a moment, sharing a look of astonishment and understanding, before rising to their feet and following the brunette out of the restaurant. It took them a moment, looking left to right, before they spotted her a short way down the street to the right. Walking briskly and without a plan the two followed the witch down the street. They didn't get a chance to approach the witch however, before Hermione was turning into a building which was surprisingly a club of all things. "That was definitely her wasn't it?" Draco questions and Narcissa nods. "What happened to her?" Narcissa frowns, she had a fairly good idea. Or at least an inkling. "I don't know. What do we do now?" Draco frowns deeply. "I'll do some investigating. Why don't you go home?" Narcissa suggests, Draco was a little dubious but he trusted his mother and knew she was capable. "Alright. Stay safe, mother." He says kissing her cheek before slipping off to find a dark alley he could aparate from. Narcissa took a moment to assess herself, she had dressed in a decidedly form fitting navy blue strapless dress and donned, possibly the only white article of clothing she owned, a blazer over the top. Her hair was tied back simply with the sides pulled back and pinned out of the way. It was perhaps not the most flattering clubbing attire but it would certainly suffice. Sucking in a breath she made her way into the hazy club, it was very clear that it was a dance club as there were sparse tables around the edges of the room and a wide open space in the middle. It took several minute before Narcissa found Hermione again and then it had only been because the young woman was being ushered up some stairs towards the back of the room. Narcissa had attempted to follow but was told that only the owner could go upstairs, it was clear that this was another client so she went and ordered a drink and waited. It seemed to take longer this time though. Who ever Hermione's current lover was it was clear they weren't just the wick dipping type. Yet the longer she sat there the more the whole situation began to bother her. How had Hermione Granger, one third of what was hailed as the 'Golden-Trio',turned into this? A prostitute no less. The brilliant mind that she had been, the declared reason that the war had even ended up winnable, was now selling her body for the right price. Narcissa was growing quite annoyed by the time Hermione finally came back down, but it was as their eyes met that Narcissa finally understood what Draco had been saying. Hermione Granger most definitely did not enjoy what she was doing. What she had become. In fact it was clear to looking at her that Hermione Granger didn't enjoy most things any more, if anything. Her eyes were flat, her expression exaggerated to hide the empty pain underneath. How had this beautiful mind