Hey guys, So this is the new fic, it might be a bit 'done' i guess but i like these plots. Hermione is hiding her depression mostly successfully. Shes a mostly Grey!Hermione in this fic. Bellatrix was 'forced' into service of the Dark Lord and developed a persona to go with the Lestrange name, later slightly explained. Ultimately a very Grey!Bellatrix. This is a Bella/Hermione relationship with a Draco/Hermione friendship. These first few (two maybe three) Chapters are going to be really 'Prologue'. In the past i've received negative reviews on my fics for reiterating the Cannon plot. I have done this here but it is to build the plot for this story, through doing this i like to explain how and when a friendship begins, in this case this one starts in Book 5 During the Department of Mysteries and then i diverge while keeping with cannon as much as possible. In the hope of making this as least repetitive as possible this is mostly comprised of snippets involving some sort of interaction pertinent to the story. That's enough from me for now. Reviews encouraged. She was alone. Well, not alone. But the company she had at that moment was less than ideal. The only good thing, Hermione Granger reasoned, was that Bellatrix Lestrange was currently far too busy freaking out and there for not murdering her on the spot. Of course she doubted that would last and she was also presently too afraid to even move in case she draw attention to herself. Neither witch actually knew how it happened, or exactly what had happened. They did know they were still in the Department of Mysteries, which was very much living up to its name. Hermione had been running with her friends when, surprisingly, she was body checked by Bellatrix. They had barrelled off course and instead of slamming into the nearby wall they slipped right through it much like the entrance to Platform 9 and 3/4. Now they were in a room with no doors and some sort of ward stopping Bellatrix from aparating out of there. "Well this is just bloody fantastic!" Bellatrix screeched throwing her arms up. "Can't you fix this? You're supposed to be brilliant aren't you?" "I am? Who told you that?" Hermione was more than a little surprised by this wording, in fact she was so surprised she forgot Bellatrix was meant to be psychotic. "Ickle Draco of course. Sweet little boy has a crush i think." Bellatrix returns in a sickeningly sweet voice. "I doubt that and i'm sorry, i don't even know where we are." Hermione stood from her spot on the floor and lit the end of her wand. Not only was this a room with no doors or windows, but it was also a room with a strange lab in the middle of it. It was hard to understand, even for the two brilliant witches, but when they got closer they both stopped. There was a large crystal ball in the middle in the of the set up and fixed directly above that was a small blade. It was so very obvious that whom so ever used this device was expected to bleed onto the crystal ball. "Go on then. It might help us get out of here." Bellatrix urges the little witch. "Or kill me. Which i understand you wouldnt mind but really. I'm not sold on this idea." Hermione shakes her head and steps back. "Lets do it at the same time then. I'm not staying in the bloody room, i just got out of Azkaban!" Bellatrix rants a little and Hermione wrinkled her nose. "Fine." The little witch huffed. Walking over they looked at the blade and frowned. Hermione lifted her hand and pressed the tip her finger against the blade. Bellatrix was hoping the little muggle-born was going to bleed herself and she wouldn't have too so she was highly disappointed when Hermione waited for Bella to press her own finger to the blade. With a soft growl of frustration Bellatrix cut her finger on the blade at the same time as Hermione. Their blood welled against the blade and ran down it, mixing at the tip before slowly dripping down onto the top of the orb. Bellatrix watched with interest as Hermione's blood mixed with her own and she couldn't tell one for the other. It was Hermione's gasp that drew the other womans attention. Hermione was watching the orb closely as the inside became smokey, first read before fading to a more bluish white. When images appeared both witches gasped but moved closer, standing shoulder to shoulder. The images in the orb were moving quickly but they managed, it started when them cutting their fingers together and became apparent rather quickly that it was showing them their complete pasts in scenes. Bellatrix was more interested in Hermione's past than her own, just as Hermione was interested in Bellatrix's. Bella learned quickly that things were not all as they seemed. The little witch seemed to mask her deep depression well in front of friends, her focus helping her survive long years of never feeling good enough. It might have been worth a sneer to Bellatrix if she didn't also witness the attacks and abused from students and peers as a small girl. Worse still was the pain on present Hermione's face when she realised, thanks to the past telling orb, that she was not Monica and Wendell Granger's daughter. No, Hermione Jean Granger was, confusingly, Minerva McGonagal's biological daughter. Hermione for her part had been paying a great deal of attention to Bellatrix's past. She really was brilliant, and more recently a little terrifying, but she was also wrongly accused. At least where the Longbottom's were involved. In fact Bellatrix had attempted to get Rabastan and Rodulphus to stop torturing the pair only to receive a nasty back hand across the face. She did follow Voldemort, and did so relatively willingly, she was married off to Rodulphus and his choices became hers, she learned early it was easier to just agree. As for her childhood she was as much loved as her younger sisters but it was drilled into them early that 'mudbloods' were not worth the air they breathed and should be culled. It was so easy to see why Bella was the Dark Lords follower but no one understood that she was only so crazy because it was the only way she could cope with the things she had had to do. Bellatrix looked over at the little witch beside her when the magic of the orb seemed to dissipate, instead of tears like she had expected to see she instead saw steely resolve. She wasn't sure if Hermione was simply ignoring her birth or focusing on Bellatrix's past but it was honestly a little frightening. The only tell that the little witch really felt anything at all was when she wiped her sweaty, shaky, palms on her jeans, she then turned to Bellatrix. "Right. We need to figure something out. A way to hide you on my person." Hermione says both confusing and annoying Bellatrix. "Why would i want to 'hide on your person'?" Bellatrix couldn't help the sneer. "Because, we will be found sooner or later and if you're not concealed you will be sent back to Azkaban." Hermione spoke matter of factly, as if she was explaining something to Ron. "What makes you think we will be found? There's no way out." Bellatrix pointed out like it should have been far more obvious than it apparently was. "Of course. But the Ministry know of this room and when my friends tell them what happened they will eventually put two and two together and be here." Hermione reasoned calmly. "Alright, fair point. What do you suggest?" Bellatrix frowns taking the little witches word for it. "Transfiguring you into a creature should do it." Hermione says after a short moment. "No, that's dangerous. You can't do that kind of magic on me." Bellatrix refuses immediately. "Of course, if i didnt think i could do it just fine." Hermione frowns at the woman. "No. Think of something else." Bellatrix actually stomps her foot at this. Hermione didn't have the patience for it, she wasn't about to sit here and bicker with the woman over something she deemed trivial. That was why she was promptly being squeaked at angrily by a little black mouse with a white spot on her head. Hermione huffed and went and sat down on the floor by where she and Bellatrix had entered. The mouse followed squeaking angrily all the way and then climbed onto the little witches raised knee and glared at her. Hermione huffed and closed her eyes. Today had been entirely too much for her. First Umbridge and her crazy antics, which in retrospect was quite a bit crazier than Bellatrix, at least Bellatrix wasn't paranoid. Then there was the getting to the Ministry, which flying on a creature you couldn't see was far more terrifying than being on a broom ever would be. Once at the Ministry they had barely found the prophecy when the Death Eaters had shown up. She was also pretty sure she had a badly bruised knee from being tackled by Bellatrix but she was yet to check that. Now she was stuck in a room with an angry mouse and only the hope that someone would come and find them. A hope that was, thankfully, confirmed only around a half hour later when a door materialized beside them. The mouse had let out a startled squeak and made its way into the pocket of Hermione's sweater. No one entered but when Hermione tried the door it was unlocked and the little witch gladly stepped out and into the presence of the waiting Auror's and Unspeakables. Nymphadora Tonks was there and heaved a sigh of relief before wrapping Hermione in a hug. None of them noticed the little mouse peering out and looking over the Metamorph-magus. Bellatrix would, perhaps against Hermione's better judgement, remain free. "You turned me into a mouse and kept me in your pocket for HOURS!" Bellatrix screeched much much too early the following morning. "Come off it, i fed you, i gave you something to drink and i kept you out of Azkaban. I could have just as easily given you to Mad-eye the moment i saw him." Hermione was still not in the mood. Apparently they had managed to kill one of the present Death Eaters, not anyone from DA but the Order members when they had arrived. It was all Hermione had heard about since, they barely wondered where she had been which was fine, she was not ready to confront her past. Which surprisingly was what Bella decided needed to be talked about. "How are you doing? Like really? Your friends were a little too concerned with their thing to worry much about you." Bellatrix points out as gently as she could. "I'm fine. It's not exactly something new." Hermione attempts to brush it off. "And about the whole parentage thing?" Bellatrix's tone was uncharacteristically soft. Hermione regarded the woman for a long moment. "I've spent my whole life trying to prove to people my worth and my self of self. Show people who and what I am... suddenly I don't even know that my self anymore." Hermione spoke softly and shrugged. "It doesn't matter. Not really. Why don't you join the light side? Get your sister and go back to Andromeda?" Hermione asks mostly to change the subject but also because she was curious. "They used the term 'free' along with 'escaped' when I was liberated from Azkaban. But free is one thing I have no experience with. I've never been free. Not from my parents values, not from Rod, not from the Dark Lord. I don't know how to be free. I know how to be a Death Eater even