New HGMM fic from me folks. Its my first go at time travel and for the sake of my own plot i've 'created' an ancient blood ritual sort of deal which you will see early on. I will apologise now if there are any Aboriginal or Torres Straight Islanders reading this because i honestly know very little of Aboriginal culture and totally made most of this shit up in the start. Yay fiction? Anyways its kind of loosely time travel but really on at the beginning i think. At least for now. This will be multichapter but im not sure how frequently i can update, my husband and i are separating and hes returning to America, its my two year olds birthday, school and the season warming up just means im busy. I hate being busy but this is life, no? I hope you guys enjoy the new fic, this will be a some what angsty/fluffy kind of slow burn kind of... ya know what. Just read it and find out. ;) All mistakes are my own and i do not own Harry Potter or his friends family or foes! Reviews appreciated. ( Australia - After the Battle of Hogwarts. ) In the days leading up to the Battle at Hogwarts things really had seemed to be on their side. The trio had been working diligently on their plan to rid the world of the Dark Lord and it had been going well. It had been going really well right up until the Battle had begun. They were quickly and easily over whelmed but they held the castle for a time. The horcuxs had been destroyed all except for the snake. Nagini had triumphed how ever, bitten and killed Neville long bottom and returned to a safe place, a place at her master's side. Foolishly, thinking he had an advantage, the under trained but naturally talented Harry Potter challenged Lord Voldemort. Bellatrix Lestrange, Rabastan, Dolohov, Yaxley and many other Death Eaters fell at the Order's hand but when the Dark Lord felled The-Boy-Who-Lived for the final time there was no chance, all hope left the Order and surrender was their new goal. Ronald Weasley was one of the first to drop his wand, to give himself over to the Dark Lord yet the pure-blood men were to become nothing but captive studs, offered out to any Half-blood and greater to sire the next line of great witches and wizards which strong magical blood and hopefully stronger magical ability. The women were treated no better, if they were half blood or more and had been surrendered from the Battle of Hogwarts they were kept and fed and fucked and bred like little more than broodmares. The disease that was Lord Voldemort slowly spread out from England with aspirations of taking the world. Unfortunately for those who wished to remain free of tyranny, it looked more and more every day like the Dark Forces would get there wish. They conquered a little more land from both muggle and magical alike. Those that fled went into deep hiding, all of them except one that was. Hermione Granger, who had escaped just as Harry fell, was alive and plotting as she ever was. Learning and listening and gathering resources. She was solely determined to fix what had happened because this travesty, this scar on the world that was Lord Voldemort, she not have been allowed to win. He should not have been allowed to preach and inspire the Twisted who follow him so devoutly. There were only a few, old ones, ancient ones, who could help though and they had long ago learned to distrust anyone, but especially any speakings the Queens tongue. Earning their trust took months, learning their tongue took longer, but they had secrets they would willingly divulge to her, secrets she needed to know. The information they would bestow was key in changing what had already happened to them in the recent past. There was no way to use a simple time turner even if they had any left but they had all been destroyed early in the war, because of the fear of a Tyrant who would do anything in his power not to be over thrown. Seemingly it had worked out well for him. Now though, Hermione Granger, muggle-born and the only one free to do this with the yearning to seek knowledge, to seek the power to do so. Hermione Granger was so closer to victory she could practically taste it yet it was all taking time. So much time. Time to spend, time to change. She was ready, at the height of a full moon, and prepared above all else. The Old Ones had gathered along with the closest of their younger generations and they were ready. At the pinnacle of the evening, the full height of the moon they were ready. "The Family gather's now, brothers, to welcome our sister. A true descendant of the Ancient Ones, Hermione. Today she is Reborn, today she is cleansed of this reality. We send her back, back to save us all for even we are not safe anymore." The Old One, the Elder, speaks in his disused and gravelly voice. A voice that sounded like wisdom. "Do we accept her? Is she worthy of being Family?" He spoke not to the Old Ones but to the Younguns. "Yes Uncle!" Was the out cry of the young Indigenous and it had Hermione smiling. She had grown fond of them over the months she had lived with them. "Then it will be! She will be reborn. Alkina!" The Elder raises his hands and shouts the new name that Hermione shall now be referred to by her new people. The Elders moved forward, three Uncles and an Aunty, she was stripped down to nothing and her body, already pale was smeared with white Ocre. "Our sister is to save us! Who shall sacrifice to aid her in her journey past?" The Old One asked once Hermione had been covered. "I will." A small child chirps, she was a little girl with thick dark hair bleached at the ends by the sun. The child's mother shuffled her forward and the Aunty held a small knife over a pot over a fire. The little girl didn't hesitate to toddle forward and hold out her little fingers to the Aunty, trusting implicitly. The Elder gently pricked the little girls finger and allowed a few drops of blood to drip into the pot that already seemed to have liquid in it, part of a potion Hermione had been working on for months. A little lip wobbled from the sting but soon enough it was over and the little wound was smeared with honey. "Who else?" The Elder, the designated spokesman, says looking at the crowd before them. This time it is a middle aged man, possibly in his early 40's with dark hair smattered with grey. He walked to the pot with a small smile on his face and allowed his finger to be cut, for the liquid to mix with what was already in the pot. With a smile still he smeared a little honey over the wound and walked back to his spot. The crowd looked to the Aunty holding her knife who then cut her finger and let it bleed into the pot. The elder watched and then scooped up a handful of the sand at his feel and walked over to Hermione. "Alkina, bleed upon this earth, so that it may be imbued with your essence." He holds his hand out to you with the sand exposed. Hermione lifted her hand and offered it to the Aunty who approached her, her hand was cut and she bled into the sand, soaking it. Only when the 'red' sand was the colour of blood was honey applied to Hermione's hand and the elder dropped the sand into the pot, it was the final ingredient but a test was set to finish this old, ancient, blood magic. With her uncut hand Hermione was required to reach into the boiling liquid and pull out the item at the bottom of the pot. Hermione knew that the liquid would not truly burn her, anyone else yes, but this was blood magic and this item was hers to command, it was the only reason she was so willing to do it. Reaching in Hermione hissed, it didn't burn her but it stung regardless and she had to fish around in the pot for a long moment before she found it, a small round object she closed her fist about before pulling it out. The Elders watched and waited for the process to finally end before looking at the hand as it uncurled, the blood opal resting in her palm let them all know it had been a success. Hermione sighed softly with relief because this meant she needed to get ready. She had to prepare because she would save so many lives or lose her own trying. "It is done! The blood opal, it will allow you to move through time, forward or back, Alkina." The Elder spoke and the others murmured, most of the tribesman were muggle but even those of magical blood were shocked at such an ancient magic. "Uncle, will it allow me to specify where i stop?" Hermione asks softly but the elder shakes his head. "The Opal of Time is yours and yours alone to command but you can only command it take you forward or backward. The opal decides where you need to be in time." The elder explains and Hermione's has to nod, she had expected as much. Unlike the Time Turners, an item that had its limits, the Opal of Time had none but it did had slightly sentient magic of its own, it was tied more to the earth and time than even the Time Turner which was made with the Sands of Time. Opal had ties to not only time but also its creators timeline, as well as fate itself. Yet where the Sands of Time allowed time to be manipulated the Opal of Time sort out forks in timelines and tries to correct the issue that caused it. This was only part of what Hermione had realised had happened with her own timeline, something had shifted and it no longer sat right. It happened before the fall of the castle, before Harry was killed. It happened in the Chamber of Secrets while she was down there with Ron, while they were collecting teeth. It happened when they had kissed, the exact moment their relationship had changed so to had the course of Hermione's timeline, but it was the wrong course, within the general course. It was complex and off and Hermione wasn't sure what a was going on with it at all. She was sure that even more than her own timeline she had to correct everyone else's. There was no reasonable way that the Dark Lord should have been allowed to win. "Thank you, family. Brothers and Sisters. Uncles and Aunties. You have helped us save the world from the Dark Stain. Now i should prepare for my journey." Hermione proclaimed and the surrounding men, women and children shouted their agreement. For Hermione this was the end of her celebration but only the beginning for the tribe. HGMMHGMM Hermione had, after leaving the ensuing celebration, travelled to the nearest billabong and washed off before pulling on a simple T-shirt and a pair of jeans. Stowing her wand she spent a moment looking out at the sky above, clear and sparkling with the billions of stars she could see. She hadn't heard Kala walk up her, the Aunty who had bled those who helped this night, but she wasn't surprised or startled when the woman spoke to her either. "You will need a new name when you get there, so not to change too much. What