Loosely inspired by a prompt i received... weeks ago, that i have been unable to get out of my head so found some time to write. Intended to only be a one shot but could be continued in the future i guess. Reviews encouraged. The first time Apolline Delacour saw the girl she was only 15 and far too young to initiate the bonding. Even still the Delacour matriarch was intrigued by the curly haired brunette. Smart and loyal and happy to spend hours reading or learning something new. Yes, Apolline Delacour didn't know it then but the little brunette would be very important to her in years to come. It wasn't until the day of her first born daughter's wedding that it happened. She saw Hermione sitting there during the ceremony and all she wanted to do was leave her husband collect the beautiful young woman and leave. Instead she bided her time, she sat through the ceremony and was genuinely happy for her daughter. She also felt mildly guilty for her husband but he had known, that even as rare as it was that she could still find her true mate. Regardless of her guilt Apolline waited no more than five minutes after the ceremony was over to make her move. Harry was congratulating Bill and Fleur while her son in laws youngest brother was trying his damnedest not to ogle his new sister in law. Her mark was standing in a corner with a small smile on her face watching the people congratulating the newly weds. Apolline approached from the side and placed a decidedly possessive hand on the small of Hermione Granger's back. Hermione started slightly when she felt the radiating heat of the simple touch and turned only to look down as she did so. She noticed heels, black and about 4 inches high, she felt a small thrill running down her spine that both confused and delighted her. Her eyes trailed up the smooth expanse of leg stopping momentarily at the bottom of a white, deliciously tight skirt that stopped a little lower than mid thigh. Apolline practically purred under the obvious scrutiny of the younger woman as she watched chocolate eyes skip up her dress and purple silk blouse. They paused at her breasts and Apolline smirked as she felt her nipples get hard under the young woman's gaze, not having a bra on she knew the brunette could see them harden through her silk shirt. She watched with dark eyes as the brunette sucked her bottom lip between her teeth and finally those chocolate eyes lifted to her own dark blue. "Will you come with me?" Hermione didn't even think as she simply nodded and a moment later the two were standing in the middle of French Manor. Hermione wasn't sure what had happened, the entire time, which had only been seconds, that she had been looking at the woman. She had felt desire for the woman but the moment she looked at those deep blue eyes that desire became want so strong she didn't think she could deny the woman anything. Everything changed and that want was not simply for the physical but for the emotional as well, for the everything. "Can I offer you a drink Miss Granger?" Apolline all but purred the words as she walked over to a glass cabinet that had all manor of spirits in it. "Please. Just... what ever you are having." Hermione finally spoke and Apolline shivered to finally hear the gorgeous witch's voice. "Your English is a lot better than Fleur and Gabrielle's." Hermione points out simply to fill the silence. Apolline was glad that Hermione knew who she was but didn't really expect her not to. She is the brightest witch of the age after all. "I worked as a liaison for the French Ministry for a long time and picked up English quite easily. The girls have never had a lot of reason to speak the kings language." Apolline explains turning back to Hermione with two tumblers of scotch and gesture they sit on the sofa. "Oh, well that makes sense." Hermione spoke nervously as she sat, Apolline sat close beside her. Very close. "Oui. Hermione I must be honest with you. I want you." Apolline cringed as Hermione began to cough and splutter, choking on the sip of scotch she had just taken. "Apolline I... what?" Hermione was confused, not to say she wasn't feeling the same but... why? "Hermione I wonder what you know about Veela?" Apolline asked downing her drink and setting the tumbler aside. "Not too much i'm afraid. It's not very easy to find literature with any substance regarding some or the more secretive creatures." Hermione explained calming down considerably. She took another, larger, fortifying sip of the scotch before setting her tumbler down. "That makes sense. Will you come upstairs to me?" Apolline stood and Hermione swallowed but followed suit. Gently taking the young witches hand in her own Apolline lead the girl upstairs, by-passing her and her husbands bedroom. She already had far too much respect for her mate, and her husband, to do that to the brunette. Especially given that Apolline didn't plan to waste the little time they had together. Instead they made their way into one of the guest bedrooms. It wasn't anything special but it would certainly suit the purpose and was still a pleasant enough space. Hermione was a smart witch and by no means dumb enough to not realise what she was agreeing too. Of course she wasn't sure she would say no to this woman, ever. But she knew she had to make a few things clear to the beautiful older French witch who lead her right up to the bed in the pleasant guest room. Stopping at the side of the bed Hermione gently squeezed the woman's hand and looked at her seriously. "Apolline... I'm here with you now but you know I cant stay long don't you? I have to be with the boys. I have to help them." Hermione explains seriously and Apolline's eyes grow dangerously dark. Without a word the older witch gently, yet firmly, pushed Hermione back onto the bed and urged her to lay on her back in the middle. Hermione was confused but willing to comply with the older woman, the anticipation was coursing though her and making her start to sweat. In an impressive display of magic Hermione found herself naked and bound to the four posts of the bed. She knew she probably should have been a little frightened and definitely self conscious but the way Apolline was looking at her made her feel nothing but desired. "What do they mean to you? These boys?" Apolline asked seriously, her eyes a mix of possessive jealousy and desire. "Not what you think. They are friends, brothers. I'm not interested in them romantically." Hermione explained seeing the dangerous emotions in the half-Veela's eyes. There were flecks of gold in her deep blue eyes. "What do they think of you?" Apolline steps up onto the bed and begins to unbutton her shirt without breaking eye contact with Hermione. "Harry sees me as a sister." Hermione explained a little evasively. "And ze ginger?" Hermione shivered as the witches accent became thicker. "He has feelings. But I don't return them. I can't." Hermione watched the shirt fall to the floor before looking back at the smooth skin and firm breasts of the woman standing over her. "Why cant you?" Apolline asked mildly, she stepped up so she was standing with a foot either side of Hermione's chest. She unzipped her skirt and let it slide down her legs. "I don't belong to him." Hermione gasped out the words as she saw clearly that the French woman wasn't wearing knickers. "Who do you belong to?" Apolline stepped out of the skirt and kicked the garment off the bed. She didn't bother removing her heels which Hermione rather appreciated. "You?" Hermione's intended statement came out a little on the uncertain side and Apolline stepped directly over the brunette's face. "You do not. But you will when this is over." Apolline promised and dropped to her knees straddling the brunettes head. Hermione's soft gasp and low moan was muffled in the slick folds of her mates quim. Apolline bit her lip as the inexperienced witches tongue probed along the shaved lips of her pussy. Her dear husband was pleasing in bed but she quickly realised that even with her lack of knowledge that the little brunette would quickly surpass him. She let out a low moan as the adventurous tongue made contact with her clit. The young witch was taking her queues from Apolline's moans and concentrated her efforts on the tight nub. "You were right. There is not much information on Veela, so let me enlighten you." Apolline looked down at the girl who didn't falter in her task. "Veela, a slowly dying race. Our blood thins continuously. Fleur and Gabrielle, they may chose who they love." Apolline draws a deep breath as her eyes remain locked with chocolate ones beneath her. Hermione suckled the hard nub between her lips and could feel Apolline's thighs tremble. "Half-blooded and pure-blooded Veela mate for life, a destined mate. They bond with their mates permanently the first time they make love but they know their mate the moment they see them." Apolline explains and closes her eyes, the tongue and lips teasing and suckling her sensitive bud were driving her higher far more quickly than she expected. "Since the Tournament?" Hermione stopped only long enough to speak the words and blow cool air on the woman's clit, the action had Apolline moaning louder. "Non. You were too young then, to trigger the bonding. But I was... intrigued. When we find our mates we become aware of a symbol, each one unique to the Veela. It doesn't mean much, a mark so other veela will recognise that someone is mated. The veela and the mate will wear the mark." Hermione had been looking at Apolline's gorgeous breasts as she slowly ate the woman out, she looked up to see Apolline watching her again. "We will both wear the mark after tonight Hermione. Your boys will know you belong to me, Isaac will know I belong to you." Apolline was becoming short of breath as her pleasure began to mount. "You'll never touch another, you will never think of another. Nor will I. You are mine and I am yours. You will grow to love me as I will you. Do you understand?" Talking was getting harder. Hermione simply nodded, she understood completely and knowing what she knew was entirely OK with belonging to this woman. Especially if that meant the Veela would belong to her as well. She had never contemplated doing what she was doing in that moment, pleasing a woman with her mouth, of course she hadn't even thought about about pleasing anyone, she was too busy learning. Now though, she didn't want to think about the future, the time she would have to spend not loving this woman in every way she could imagine. Apolline reached down with both hands as she began to lose herself to the pleasure her lovers mouth was giving her. Hermione moaned at the pure eroticism that was Apolline Delacour, who was now wantonly riding her face. With her hands buried in Hermione's soft hair and her hips rolling with the motion of Hermione's tongue Apolline threw her head back and moaned her release, Hermione's name rolling off her tongue in bliss. "I expect you to get a divorce." Hermione spoke seriously when Apolline moved off of her and rested on her side beside the still bound brunette. "Of course you do. I will. Very soon." Apolline's voice was a soft pur and she reached out and gently played with Hermione's left nipple. "You're incredibly sexy." Hermione pointed out next and