Hey everyone. This is the first time I'm writing a story in english. So please be indulgent. I wrote this originally in german and this now is rather a training for me. I'm actually in search for a beta who'll correct the chapters for me before upload. That would be really great. The plot however isn't really mine. I got this idea because of a lovely book I read multiple times in my teen years. I lost it when I moved out from my parental home. I missed it for years but didn't know who had written it and what its name was. So I wrote this on the german ff-site so someone maybe could recognize it. And someone did, after just the first chapter. Nonetheless I went on with it till the end. And now I'm beginning with the translation. Hope you like it! And how I said; English is not my first language, so please, when you find grammatical mistakes (even if the comma is wrong), tell my, so I can correct them. Thank you! Disclaimer for the story: The characters belongs to Stephanie Meyer. The plot/idea is from Iris Johansen for a Loveswept story 'Return to Santa Flores'. The words and all the rest are mine. For those who know this story from Iris Johansen: It's not exactly the same, I mostly extended it from the basic. So just give it a try. ;) Yeah, now have fun! Kim Richey - A Place Called Home Well, it's not hard to see Anyone who looks at me Knows I am just a rolling stone Never landing anyplace to call my own To call my own Well, it seems like so long ago But it really ain't you know I started out a crazy kid Miracle I made it through the things I did The things I did Someday I'll go where there ain't no rain or snow Till then, I travel alone And I make my bed with the stars above my head And dream of a place called home I had a chance to settle down Get a job and live in town Work in some old factory I never liked the foreman standing over me Over me Oh I'd rather walk a winding road Rather know the things I know See the world with my own eyes No regrets, no looking back, no goodbyes No goodbyes Someday I'll go where there ain't no rain or snow Till then, I travel alone And I make my bed with the stars above my head And I dream of a place called home Prologue Santa Barbara I was sitting on the beach and watched how he made his way to the shore. I did this every day now in those two weeks since I got here in Santa Barbara. Watching him. See how he sprinted to the sea and dove into the waves with his extraordinarily wonderful body. He looked like a young god. Then again I didn't know any comparable to this. For me, he was the most beautiful creature I've ever seen in this early youth of mine. "You better not go in there today." With a rush he spun round and searched the area to make out the voice and where it came from. His eyes found me quickly. "What?" "They caught a sight of blue-bottles yesterday. That is way too dangerous!" "You don't say." His tone was mocking. "Yes, you could get hurt. I heard they aren't necessarily lethal but you don't have to tempt fate and put your life at risk by all means." "Why, thank you for the warning then. And what're you doing here at this time of day all by yourself? It's not even seven. Where are your parents? Shouldn't someone keep an eye on you?" I didn't answer right away. "I am old enough. And more responsible than others at my age. My hotel is within eyeshot." Vaguely I threw a finger in said direction before I used it to scrape out another window of my sandcastle. On that I worked a while now. But I didn't have to spill that I'm already sitting here for a whole hour. Some voice in me said he wouldn't went very well with this information. "I wouldn't consider nine as old enough. You can't be that much older. And if you're responsible or not let be my responsibility," he said arrogantly. "Anyway! What's your name? And who are your parents? I have to tell them that you're down here so they don't have to worry." "I'm Isabella. But you can call me Bella if you want. I'm twelve and a half years. I look younger 'cause I'm small and fine-boned built. But that's how it's been all along. And you are?" "Well, Bella , do not think I don't get that you're evading me. I'm Edward Cullen! Say me…" "Do you work here?" "Something like that. Tell me the names, Bella! I have to know. It's somewhat in my area of competence." "I only have a father." He seemed to wait for further details while I kept me busy with my sandcastle. And as nothing more came from me, he asked impatiently, "Does he work for the casino?" "What gives you that idea?" "Well, it can hardly be the case that you're one of the guest's daughters. I really doubt that with these rags you're wearing. It's 'Santa Barbara', after all!" "I wear the clothes because they can get dirty." " Isabella! " I wince at the hard tone he's using. Probably he was not the patient type. I sighed. „I'm Isabella Marie Swan and my father is Charles… He plays in the casino." "He gambles? That's a bad joke." I didn't reply to that and he sighed after awhile. "Yeh, listen. I'll talk to your dad. It can't be that you're here on your own. Especially not on times where the beaches are deserted." That shook me out of my lethargy. Pleadingly I looked up to him. "Please don't do this. Don't talk to him. I promise I'll never come here again this early. Besides, you're here then anyway, right?" He frowned and I feared that he'll ignore me but then he just sighed. "All right. I leave it for now. How long have you been here?" "Since two weeks ago. We're just coming from Europe. I'm half Italian, you know." "Did you live there?" He sat down beside me and I registered for the first time how delicious he smelled. There was a trifle aftershave but that was fleeting. It was more the inherent scent that got my attention. A little like warm sun rays that meets skin and something else I couldn't describe. Does musk smell like this? Although he went for a swim the last weeks, and I inferred that he did it regular on the mornings, he wasn't that tanned. But it suits him extraordinarily well. "No. Though I was also in Italy, it only was for a short time and I can't speak the language. I was born in Phoenix, Arizona, but as my mom died in childbirth I had to live with my father in Forks, WA. Really small town, you probably don't even know it. But I can hardly remember it myself. My father was tired to live there, and as soon as his dad died he took the heritage and me and traveled around. You can say I'm a gipsy." I smirked mischievously at him. He grinned back and my breath got caught as in the process his eyes began to glow. It was a wonderful green. An intensive and bright olive-green. I tried to compose myself. "Sooo, what exactly are you doing here? For a living, I mean." "Let's just say that I know the hotel owner!" "Oh." "Look, I have to go now but, please, take care of you, 'kay?" He already got up and brushed the sand off his bathing trunks. "Okay. Are you coming back tomorrow?" That was a rhetorical question. Of course he would be back. Why should he make an exception for this day? „You are apparently well aware of that, aren't you?" He looked amused but stern then he turned around and jogged up the beach. I looked after him until he disappeared. ~#~#~#~ The following week Edward always came first talking to me before he went and jumped into the sea. That was astonishing whereas, despite everything, I still was only a child, and men his age –I assumed he was twentyish- normally couldn't be delighted just by listening to a small girl. "Why aren't you ever coming and take a swim with me?" he asked me one day after he came dripping wet from the water. He planted himself right beside me so some drops eventually hit their target, me! I felt the blush heating my cheeks. This subject was very uncomfortable for me. But that didn't mean anything. Embarrassing or not, I reddened at any given opportunity. Charles, repulsed by it, let me know this each time. He hated it when people are easy to look through. And I seemed to be an open book. At least as for my emotions. Awkwardly I answered, "I can't swim." Edward cursed audibly and my blush intensified a few nuances. I already noticed that he had a quite filthy mouth. "How is that fucking possible?! A father who takes his kid to the most exotic places on earth but doesn't teach him how to swim so he can at least entertain himself while the fuckhead's occupied with throwing the damn money out of the window," he growled angrily under his breath. I'd told him about my guidebook collection. A passion of mine. Therefore he was well aware about my amount of cities I visited by now. "My father doesn't like me," I said with long acquired indifference. "He said if he or my mother had had other relatives when I was born then he would have given away the burden I was and I wouldn't be with him by now." I repeated dad's long gone harangue with insensibility. To acknowledge the fact of an unloving father no longer hurt. Edward grind his teeth and as I looked up from my hand that played with the sand I saw how his were clenched to fists. "Get your bathing suit on, tomorrow. I'll teach you!" Again my cheecks flushed. And I looked sheepishly down to my hand. "I don't have one," I whispered scarcely hearable. " Whatever fucking next! " I became frightened when I heard him snarl and he abruptly leaped to his feet. "Tomorrow you'll learn how to swim! I bring you one along," he spoke, then stormed away. I swallowed. I wondered why he was so annoyed with me and why it makes him so upset that I couldn't swim. After all I was practically a stranger to him and once Charles moved on he'd never see me again. My eyes burned at this thought and I gulped down my tears. Astonished I realized how close I already felt to him. It was frightening since I'm not used to sensations like that. I pushed aside this unpleasing thought as in soon saying forever goodbye to him and got up to run along the beach to my hotel. ~#~#~#~ I probably sunk for the ninety-seventh time. At least it felt like it. I believe it never existed a person that had such a difficulty at swimming and I was getting afraid that Edward gradually was going to lost patience in me. Fingers clasped my upper arm and pulled me up. Again! I swallowed a bunch of water and as soon as I hit the surface I coughed and spit it out once more. "Damnit, Bella! Pay attention! Don't paddle with your arms the moment you're moving your legs properly. That way you're tilting forwards." How humiliating. I hate my stupid body. At least when it comes to