Story title : Believe Description : A story which is mainly set between HP and the Deathly Hallows 1&2. I tell the story from the POV of a third person and mainly about the dark side (because the main characters are Alexis and Bellatrix). Kind of AU, I guess; the story line changes slightly after Hermione's torture in the Malfoy Manor + I have OC so it's different. OOCness is intentional but of course I'm trying to keep it minimum as too much is always too much. The main characters : My own creation Alexis (Alex, Lexie) Hunter, Bellatrix Lestrange, Hermione Granger Pairings : Alexis & Draco, Bellatrix & Hermione later (don't like, can still read, I keep it minimum) + jealous Ron (haha sorry, have to), Harry & Ginny later Rated : T, should almost be M because of the violence, self-harm, drugs and terrible angst moments (read on your own responsibility) Summary : Alexis Hunter was raised to believe she was superior, above anyone else but The Dark Lord. She was raised to be arrogant, emotionless and tough. When she becomes the protege of the one and only Bellatrix Lestrange, she learns what power is. As the servant of The Dark Lord, Alex discovers one thing that changes everything. What is it? Does Alex's faith change? DISCLAIMER: I own nothing but Alex. I don't get money of anything including this, I'm just playing. Author's statement : Read this story open-minded. The path is rough but you know what they say; when life gives you lemons...throw those fuc**rs out of the window. 1. The child of darkness - They know that the darkness suits her They know that it moves her Although even the darkness doesn't know That she was never meant to be its own - Alexis Hunter was standing outside the doors of the Great hall. She was one of the first years attending to the sorting ceremony. She was small for her age, but that didn't bother her, she was confident. She had long black hair, high cheekbones and piercing blue eyes. Her appearance was quite innocent, but the girl herself wasn't. Now and then, she eyed the others warily. She didn't know any of them. One of the boys was looking for his lost toad, some nervous girl was blabbering about the history of Hogwarts and the others were just too nervous to do anything. No one had impressed Alexis so far, so she was willing to bet that most of them were mudbloods. Or worse, blood traitors. A few moments later Professor McGonagall got back and led them to the Great hall. It was huge. The ceiling was like an open sky and there were thousands of candles floating around. It was almost beautiful. If the others were nervous outside, it was nothing compared to this. Alexis noticed the pale faces. Wussies. The ceremony was taking its time and was rather dull. The blabber girl got sorted into Gryffindor and got a huge applause. Alexis sneered. ' Gryffindors have no values at all. Brave and loyal, yeah right.' She thought as she watched the bushy-haired girl run to her new table. "Alexis Hunter!" For the finest second even Professor McGonagall had a concerned frown on her face, when wondering if she had read wrong. The applause caused by the Gryffindor-girl died immediately. "Hunter?" Someone whispered in a horrified tone. Even the professors gave some glances to Alexis, who proudly walked over to Professor McGonagall, her chin propped up confidently. The hat didn't even touch her head when it already announced: Slytherin! Of course it did. It was Alexis's birth right to get into Slytherin. Her whole domain had been in Slytherin. Her new table burst into applause. Alex smirked like it was her God given right and walked briskly to the Slytherin table. She shook a couple of hands and proudly introduced herself. She noticed many appreciating looks and her smirk only grew wider. "Draco Malfoy!" An important-looking blonde boy walked towards the hat and it didn't waste time announcing: Slytherin! He glowed with pride. He walked to the table and sat next to Alexis. "Hi. My name is Draco Malfoy." He introduced himself while shaking her hand. "Hi! I'm Alexis Hunter, but call me Alex." She replied. They exchanged a knowing glance and Alex made a mental note to get in good terms with him. "Hello Ms. Hunter. I've heard a lot about you." Alex frowned and turned around towards the voice. She saw a tall, blonde-haired man, who looked down at her, an intrigued expression on his face. Next to him, stood a smirking Draco. "Hello. You must be Mr. Malfoy." Alex said politely and shook his hand. They were on the platform nine and three quarters. Alex and Draco had just finished their first year and were arriving home for summer. Mr. Malfoy nodded proudly. "Yes I am. It is truly a privilege to be a Slytherin, don't you think, Ms. Hunter? Draco told that there are mudbloods running around the castle and as we know, Slytherin doesn't accept such...people in it." He finished and waited for response. "Indeed it is, Mr. Malfoy. I am very proud to be a Slytherin and I think mudbloods shouldn't even exist. By the way Mr. Malfoy, I would prefer you calling me Alex." Alex responded without even a blink of eye. Lucius stood there, amazement shining in his eyes. "Very well, Alex. Now, Draco here was wondering if you would like to come into the Malfoy Manor for the summer. Narcissa and I, we would be very pleased to have Deacon's and Victoria's daughter in our manor." He said with a sly smile. Alex smirked. Both Hunters and Malfoys had always appreciated the purity of their blood and never had they stained their reputation. "Likewise, Mr. Malfoy. Draco, I'll send you an owl to let you know when I'm arriving." Alex said, took her owl Nero and with a sly smile walked away. A small group of third year Slytherins was resting under a huge oak tree. The group was better known as "Slytherin's inner circle". Alex and Draco, the most famous people of the circle, were laying on the grass. They were talking about the detention hours Alex had just earned the night before. "How exactly did you manage to sneak out of the castle...in the middle of the night and then get caught by Filch? Alex, I thought you were better than that." Draco snickered and got a playful punch to his shoulder as a response. "I didn't get caught by Filch! I got caught by his stupid cat, it is some kind of a ghost cat. It's always in the same place as I am." Alex cursed. "I was just going to-" she got cut off by Blaise Zabini. "Guys, look. Weasel is coming here." He informed with a puzzled tone. Alex and Draco turned their heads just in time to see Weasel marching towards them, a hateful expression on his face. "HUNTER!" He shouted. Alex got up and Draco after her. When Weasel got close enough, he shoved unprepared Alex to the ground and drew his wand out. "WHAT DID YOU DO TO HERMIONE?!" Weasel demanded. The second Weasel had his wand in his hand, Draco had his pointing at Weasel. "Don't even think about it." Draco growled. Draco and Alex always protected each other. It was an unspoken agreement. "What?" Alex spat and got up. She was sincerely confused- "I did nothing to your precious mudblood!" -and mad. She was mad. "Don't lie!" Weasel cried out, his wand two inches from Alex's face now. "Stupe-" Weasel tried, but Alex was way faster. "Expelliarmus!" Weasel lost his wand and Alex threw it away. In his angry state Draco sent a jinx in Weasel's direction, causing the idiot's cheek to cut open. "Leave, blood traitor. Otherwise, I take no responsibility on my actions, I promise you." Alex growled, clearly meaning it. She turned around to leave, trying to calm down. "You're a bloody moron Hunter! You'll just die for nothing! JUST LIKE YOUR DEMONIC PARENTS!" Weasel shouted. Alex froze and dropped her wand. Her blood boiled over the limit. "SHUT YOUR FILTHY MOUTH! You know nothing!" She shrieked, losing the final grip of her self-control. She stormed over to Weasel and delivered a square punch straight to his nose. Alex shoved Weasel to the ground and hovered over him, glaring daggers through him. "Say another word and I'll end you ! What do you think, ha?! I swear to Merlin, you blood traitor, I won't think twice!" Alex growled. Weasel looked like he would faint soon. Alex panted from the pure adrenaline running in her veins. "Let's see who will have the last laugh. You and the rest of the filths, or me and the army of the Dark Lo-" "Ms. Hunter! What are you doing?" A Scottish voice belonging to their transfiguration professor demanded. She nearly ran over to them and helped Weasel up from the ground. She inspected him for injuries, finding a broken nose. "Breaking noses for afternoon fun perhaps?!" Professor McGonagall cried out hopelessly. Alex didn't care, not right now. Weasel had crossed the line. Not her fault. "Fifty points from Slytherin! For Merlin's sake...and that gives you a month more of detention, Ms. Hunter!" Professor McGonagall listed to Alex, but she was already storming away. Cedric Diggory was dead. Everything was a mess. The Tri-wizard tournament had turned into a disaster, into a horror movie. Alex and Draco were already led back to the Slytherin's common room and they had no idea what was going on. Hours passed and in the end, Alex and Draco were the only ones left in the common room. "Hello, our young couple." A sneering voice teased them. Both teenagers looked around. Alex saw Lucius's head in the flames and nudged Draco. "Hi Lucius." She greeted the older Malfoy with a sly smile. "What happened dad? Potter came back with a dead Diggory." Draco murmured. For a moment Lucius had an unrecognizable expression on his face, but then he grinned slyly, saying something that lit a fire into Alex's cold eyes. "The Dark Lord has returned." She was hawk alike, waiting for her attack. Her blue eyes were focused on the quaffle. When it was thrown towards the Slytherin's goal poles, she was ready for it. She lunged forward and caught the quaffle in mid-air, turning Gryffindor's attack upside-down. A fifteen-year-old Alex was Slytherin's top chaser. She was very talented. Students were even thinking she was to become England's new chaser. Not that she was. She had more important things planned for the future. Alex dodged both of Gryffindor's chasers trying to catch her and sped towards the goal poles. She made the audience gasp by bluffing and dropping the quaffle to Zabini. Zabini dodged the last chaser and passed to Alex. Alex threw it quickly and forcefully, earning twenty points for Slytherin. The noise coming from the green and silver audience was deafening. "Hunter! Hunter! Hunter!" The name echoed in the winter day and nothing could've made Alex more proud in that moment. She raised her fist into the air and smirked slyly in her signature way. Alex was talented on a broom stick, no one in their right mind would deny that. It's just that the opponents hated the fact. Alex snapped out of her little bubble of pride when she saw the snitch flying three feet away from her, Draco and Potter after it. She anxiously watched as Draco chased the snitch down and closed his fist around it. "YES!" Alex cried out and flew to Draco. They crashed together and hugged, Alex laughing wildly. Later there was a party in the Slytherin's common room. Draco and Alex were the heroes of the day. Even though Draco was the one who caught the snitch, Alex had earned enough points for Slytherin to win even if Potter would've caught