AN: I always thought about the scene from chapters XXX and XXXI (Nico's P.O.V.) of Blood of Olympus. No one else has written something like this yet, or at least if someone has I couldn't find it, so here you guys go! I do not own any characters from Percy Jackson and the Olympians or Heroes of Olympus. *contains excepts and dialogue from House of Hades and Blood of Olympus* Reyna's P.O.V. " Nico," she said, "do what you need to do. I've got your back." Bryce chuckled, clearly enjoying himself. "Oh, Reyna. You've got his back? It's going to be so fun dragging you before a tribunal, forcing you to confess that you killed your father. I hope they'll execute you in the ancient way – sewn into a sack with a rabid dog, then thrown into a river. I've always wanted to see that. I can't wait until your little secret comes out." Until your little secret comes out. Bryce flicked the point of his pilum across Reyna's face, leaving a line of blood. And Nico's rage exploded. Reyna had witnessed many horrible things. Her father slowly going mad from the effects of war for one. However, she was not ready for what happened the moment Bryce drew her blood. At the sight of it Nico di Angelo seemed to become deadly still. The air around those in the clearing dropped to freezing almost instantly, the grass beneath their feet shriveled, and the ground blackened as if the dirt were from the Underworld. And then he screamed. The sound of it nearly broke Reyna's heart. Beside her the coach's breath hitched, the skeletons holding him captive dissolving, and suddenly they were being swept away by his anguish. The pain he experienced and anger he felt cut through everyone in the clearing like butter. They could not only see everything he had— they were literally experiencing it as if in a dream. Her vision tunneled and she knew she was seeing things through the eyes of Nico di Angelo. As if she were him, Reyna walked on a field of black glass shards. Nico had been sensing for something. His eyes closed and he placed a hand on his temple in concentration. Then, so fast Reyna didn't even see it coming, his head snapped up. He spun around and began running towards the cavern's only entrance and exit, but deep voices resonated through the confined space. He stopped involuntarily. A flood of terror rocked him, and Reyna in the process, full force. Foolish demigod , a terrible voice laughed. Reyna didn't have to think hard to know it was Tartarus. Trying to find the Doors of Death to help out Poseidon's spawn, are we? He and the rest of the Seven will never succeed. Reyna watched as dirt rose up from underneath the glass that covered the floor of the area under Nico's feet. His feet were stuck in seconds, dirt rising over his shoes and ankles as he desperately tried tugging himself free. Oh, poor Nico di Angelo, a feminine voice chuckled. Did you really think I would let you escape? I am so close to waking; I cannot allow your feeble attempts to stop me continue. However, you haven't outlived your usefulness yet. I will show you a kindness and tell you that you did manage to find the doors. Come, son of Hades. I shall take you to them myself. While Gaea spoke the ground began to shift. Ever so slowly Nico found himself being pulled closer and closer to the pit on the other side of the cavern, dirt and the breath of Tartarus dragging him towards the edge. "Gods of Olympus," Reyna breathed, "they pulled him into Tartarus." He drew his sword and stabbed it into the ground in a last attempt to save himself. This seemed to stop his movement for a few seconds, but then the earth was pushing it free. She wanted to close her eyes, to turn away from the memory, but found she couldn't. As Nico screamed for help it was all she could do but share his desperation. When he finally went over the edge, she found herself falling for what felt like forever. The wind hurt her, or in all realness Nico's, face as she descended. An acrid smell rose to replace the any normal air with a miasma. The memory flickered as they fell through the chasm, cutting between times of silence and times where Nico screamed or cried for help. While recalling the myth that it took nine days to fall into Tartarus, Reyna prayed to her this was the worst the boy had to experience. It turns out she was wrong. She felt Nico hugging himself as he continued falling headfirst into the pit. Soon, however, the chasm opened up to show an expanse of flesh-like ground, rock, and fire. Acid found its way into her lungs as Nico felt himself slowly begin to die. Fear speared the praetor as she questioned how Nico would be able to survive this. The ground below was nothing but flat rock where he was going to land any minute. In all circumstances he would be flat as a pancake if something didn't happen soon. Just as his body was about to make contact with the rock below, dirt rose up out of nowhere and swallowed him whole. Reyna watched with bated breath as a column of obsidian rock appeared underneath the huddled form of Nico and broke through the dirt. Already the effects of the air were causing his pale skin to turn red with rashes. Why did Gaea break my fall? His thoughts echoed through her head like he was speaking. Nevermind that. If the Doors of Death are really here I need to find them and send a message to Hazel so they know where both sides are. After that Gaea can have at me as she wishes. He raised his eyes. The surroundings seemed to flicker around the daughter of Bellona, and she wished it were possible to faint. Above the sky boiled and below the ground blistered. The deadly air Nico breathed was the very breath of Tartarus. In the sky and over the horizon the monsters were like blood cells circulating through his body. Everything here was designed to not just kill, but cause pure agony on any godly or demi-godly being that entered it. This was truly Greek Hell. And Nico was here all alone. The scene flickered, and now Nico was stumbling towards the river of fire that had been in the distance just a few moments ago. "The fire," she whispered. "The myths say that the fire water from the Phlegethon has healing properties which excludes monsters, but I never thought…" The son of Hades scrambled away from the bank after gulping a mouthful of it down. Reyna could feel his face turning a sickly green color as the fire water burned his throat. He coughed violently, but the red patches and boils on his hands and face he'd acquired between memories healed. The memory changed again, and now Nico was standing before a very depressed looking goddess. Blood and tears streamed from her eyes and covered her face, which dripped on the shield of Hercules in her lap. "That's Akhlys, the goddess of misery," she muttered. This could only mean trouble. Nico spoke then, bowing slightly, his voice ragged and tired. "Lady Akhlys," he stated softly, brown eyes distant. It was as if he was trying to see past the horrors of the pit. "I know you know where the Doors of Death are. If you could just point me in the right direction I'll be on my way." For a moment the goddess seemed stunned at his respectful behavior. Reyna would have been too, but Nico di Angelo had always been polite at Camp Jupiter. His manners were impeccable unless you were Octavian. Then he would scowl and make sarcastic comments. His kindness didn't appease Akhlys for long. A cruel grin crossed her face only a second later. "What makes you think I'll help you?" Nico placed a hand on the hilt of his sword. "I don't want to fight you, but I will if I have to." "Fighting me would only bring more misery to your already miserable existence," she cackled. A few seconds later she seemed to pick up on something and her grin widened. "Perhaps I will assist you after all then." He blinked. "What?" "Child of Hades," she said while spreading out her hands. "What more could I do to you? You are perfect! So much sorrow and pain!" "I get it," he cut her off quickly. "My life is horrible. Now please tell me which way to go!" "Misery will never stop for you, boy. Your mother was incinerated by the king of the gods. You were plucked from the 1940s and forced into the 21st century, most memories gone from being dipped in the Lethe. Your beloved sister abandoned you for the Hunters just to die, your father wished you had died instead of her, and Percy doesn't trust you or even like you. Now you're in Tartarus!" She giggled, but tears kept flowing from her eyes. "No matter what way you go Gaea's monsters will find you. The fates are not done with you, child. There is much more sorrow to come." He scowled at her, brandishing his sword. However, the roar of an approaching monster sent him into action. Without stopping he ran past the still grinning goddess who was pointing to her right. Once more the memories flickered, showing Nico battling monsters that kept spotting him from the sky or had been sent on foot to capture him by Gaea. Each time another monster came Nico would struggle killing them even with his stygian iron sword. Fighting on the monsters home turf was the most difficult thing he'd probably ever done. Next he was being overrun by monsters. They were on all sides, teeth bared and claws at the ready, and Nico prayed to his father that he would go quickly. He was so exhausted all the fight seemed to go out of him. He was ready to go, his only regret not being able to tell Hazel where the Doors were. To Reyna's surprise though, the monsters did not attack. Instead a noise echoed throughout the expanse of flesh-land and two giants suddenly appeared from behind a hill. He was forced to watch them get closer and closer until one of them picked him up like he was a doll. "You're the one Gaea wants," he said with a smile. The giants started walking towards where Nico thought the Doors were. "Yeah," the second on agreed, "you're going to be our newest attraction. Until your friends come, that is. Then you'll be food for our pets." "What are you talking about?" Nico demanded weakly. "What do you mean newest attraction? I thought Gaea wanted me dead." The giant holding him shook his head. "The lady needs you as bait to lure the sacrifices to our lair. Only then can you die. You still might die earlier if they don't come for you though, which the lady said is probable since you don't have any friends and no one cares about you except for your sister." "Quiet, brother." The other shushed him. "You'll reveal too much. We're almost to the Doors, so keep quiet until we get him in the jar." "Jar?" Nico was about to ask more questions, but suddenly he was before the Doors of Death. He could only stay silent as the giants pushed their way through the monsters waiting to go in and squeezed in with him. When the elevator shot upwards, Reyna's stomach flipped. They were ascending much faster than they had descended. "Look," one of the giants said with a laugh, "the demigod seems a bit green." "Let's hope he doesn't puke