AN: This is a random idea I've had for a while now as the "queen of unusual and funny plots" (credit to Saany lol) and since I have only read about something like this once before I'm going to try my hand at it. Enjoy~ Lycaon-tastrophe Light. A bright, beautiful orb of light shone down on him, washing a cool but pleasant sensation washing over his thin but lithe form. He wasn't sure why he felt so at home in the middle of the woods with only the moon to keep him company, but he didn't think about it too much. The buzzing in his brain, blood, and bones was distracting. It was all he could do to breathe deeply so the feeling wouldn't overwhelm him. " I told you," a familiar voice echoed throughout his head suddenly, "that you would pay, son of Hades." Without warning Nico's body erupted in pain. The surface of his skin boiled as his bones broke and reassembled, his clothes ripping like tissue paper during the process. He tried to cry out for help, but only a pathetic whimper came out. An unfriendly laugh rang through his head right before a howl drowned it out. "No!" It took a couple of seconds for Nico to realize he was sitting up in bed with a hand stretched out. His body trembled as he slowly lowered his hand and felt the cool air of the cabin chill his sweating limbs. Nights like this were when Nico was glad he was no longer in the infirmary. It had already been embarrassing when Will had to wake him from a nightmare of Tartarus, especially since that had led to them sleeping together on his cot, but calling out in his sleep would only make the healer worry more. Nico did not want to burden Will like that. He already led a stressful life being the head counselor of the Apollo Cabin and the best healer who was more or less in charge of the infirmary twenty-four seven. It was already a wonder Will was spending so much time with him in the first place, taking hours to just walk or sit with him when he could be spending time with Lou Ellen, Cecil, or his siblings— anyone other than Nico, really. "I think Will likes you," Jason had said a few nights ago before the children of Apollo arrived at the campfire. "And I know you like him from the way you blush whenever Leo teases you about him. Go for it, Nico. You need solace in your life and Solace can provide it." After promptly summoning a skeleton to scare the lightning out of the son of Jupiter, Nico had ignored his words and remained acting his usual awkward self around the healer. Truth be told, he didn't think he could handle losing Will's friendship if he came out to him just for Will to not return his feelings. Only two weeks had passed since the defeat of Gaea after all. Ever since then things had calmed down, with the exception of Leo returning from the dead and bringing a now rescued Calypso from her island prison, he did not want to disrupt the newfound peace. Asking out Will and therein coming out to the camp would surely cause some drama. Knock knock knock. Nico blinked tiredly before slowly slipping out of bed. "Hold on!" He called as he pulled on a pair of jeans over his boxer briefs, leaving on the black skull shirt he had worn to bed, and went over to the door. A blond with bright blue eyes and an even brighter smile greeted him. "Hey, Solace." The slightly older demigod tilted his head in confusion before raising an eyebrow. "Has the Underworld frozen over? Usually you would be hurling insults at me for waking you up this early in the morning and cursing my father's name." Nico blinked as he realized the sun was barely over the horizon. Usually he would be threatening to bring whoever woke him up before noon to the Fields of Punishment, but that was only when he was woken up. A sigh escaped him as he decided lying to Will wouldn't get him anywhere other than feeling guilty. Since one of their talks in the infirmary they had promised to be honest with each other, and while he believed Will was always telling the truth Nico decided to just refrain from speaking so he wouldn't have to lie. "I was actually already up when you knocked," he admitted. Instantly Will's features took on a concerned quality. "Don't worry though; it was just a bad dream. Every demigod gets them." "I'm still sorry." "It's not your fault, sunshine." "I know, Death Boy. I just hate it when you aren't happy. You have the cutest smile, and when you frown I miss it." Both of them blushed at the comment, and Nico took to stepping outside and closing the door to his cabin as a distraction. "Since we're up," the dark-haired demigod said after clearing his throat, "want to get breakfast?" "It's the most important meal of the day; of course I want breakfast. Getting to eat with you just makes in all that more enticing." Rolling his eyes, Nico grabbed Will's wrist before hauling him in the direction of the dining pavilion. As it was still early, there weren't too many campers at breakfast yet. Besides most of the Apollo Cabin only half a dozen other demigods were eating. This was good since Nico knew if his friends were present he would have to endure Percy and Leo's teasing again. "I'm surprised, di Angelo." Will said when they returned from getting food made by the harpies and sat down at the Hades table. "Why?" "You rarely eat much when it comes to meals, and here you are with a full plate! I'm so proud of you." For a second Nico was confused, but when he looked down he realized Will was right. Stacked on his plate were sausages, bacon, and strips of ham. When had he grabbed all of that? He didn't even care for breakfast food unless they had chocolate chip and pomegranate pancakes. He was contemplating how to respond when the compulsion to eat overcame him. Without really thinking things through he quickly dug into his meal, which suddenly smelled like Elysium to him. Even as Will smiled, shaking his head at his friends antics, Nico could only focus on the pleasant sensation ripping into the meat gave him. Once he finished, worry hit him like a train as he regained control over his mind. What had just happened? "Hey," Will said, effectively drawing Nico's attention. "Are you up for a mid-morning spar? The training grounds will fill up pretty fast in a couple of hours and you know how much I enjoy it when you kick my butt at sword fighting." "Oh please," the son of Hades replied as they got rid of their dishes and began walking towards the training grounds. It was with some effort that he ignored the looks he was getting from Will's siblings. Nico was seriously getting tired of the constant kissy faces and hand hearts being directed at them. "If you would just follow the tips I gave you then maybe you wouldn't drop your weapon every five seconds." The blond acted offended, placing a hand on his chest dramatically. "Hold on a moment! I last at least ten seconds, Death Boy. It's not my fault you're an expert with your sword." Cecil, who had been walking past them towards the pavilion with Lou Ellen, suddenly burst out laughing. "Lou, did you just hear what Will said?" He asked between bouts of laughter. Lou Ellen rolled her eyes, shushing him when Nico and Will cocked their heads in confusion. "Quiet, Cecil. They're both too innocent to hear the innuendo." When the son of Hermes and daughter of Hecate were gone, Nico and Will simply shrugged before continuing on their merry way. Training had been going rather well until Percy and Jason showed up. Originally, Nico and Will just sparred with the wooden practice swords in the weapons shed. Using his stygian iron blade would have been neither safe nor practical since Will was still so inexperienced. No, wielding a wooden sword was fine with the son of Hades. It actually gave the blond a slight handicap since Nico wasn't used to the lighter weight and shape. Of course this didn't stop Will from being constantly disarmed or knocked onto his rear. In retrospect Nico could be weaponless and probably still win against the healer. Fighting just wasn't Will's thing. Now, however, Nico had taken to sparring with the other two sons of the Big Three while Will studied their different styles. It didn't take long for others to gather around to watch. Even Annabeth and Piper showed up after hearing about the three of them being together on the practice field. Leo and Calypso shortly followed. "Ready to give up yet?" Percy asked with a grin on his face, a hand running across his sweat-covered forehead. They had been going at it for nearly fifteen minutes, allowing those who were disarmed or fell over to rejoin the fight as to see who could keep going the longest. A few yards away Jason laughed, taking a moment to wipe the dust from his glassed with a thumb. "I don't think so, bro. You're going down." "Yeah," Nico agreed. "We all know I'm the best at swordplay between the three of us." The son of Poseidon managed to keep a straight face only because of the pointed look Jason was giving him. "You were trained by dead experts in the Underworld; at least my skills are natural." "What skills?" Jason questioned innocently. With that, Percy feinted towards Jason only to whirl on Nico. The youngest countered instantly, but as Percy's sword swung low it managed to slide along Jason's arm. Suddenly a line of blood erupted across his bicep as a splintered edge on the sword ran along the skin. "Sorry!" Percy apologized profusely. He dropped his weapon and immediately went over to Will, who was already pulling a small bottle of nectar from the emergency medical kit he almost always carried. While this was happening, the moment Jason had started bleeding Nico had went stock still. His brown eyes stared at the blood as if it were the most fascinating thing in the world. The scent of it, which Nico usually found to be an unpleasant coppery smell, changed to one of delicacy. The fresh blood meant that Jason was alive and injured; perfect prey to be hunted. Prey. Weak. Ready to be cut from the herd. At the thought, the son of Hades slowly backed away. What was he thinking? Jason was his friend! Where had the thought even come from? "Nico?" The voice of Will startled him, bringing his attention to the three pairs of eyes staring worriedly at him. "What?" "You were staring off into space," Percy said. "Are you okay?" Nodding, Nico decided for the best that he go back to his cabin. Maybe if he lied down and spent the rest of the afternoon watching Merlin with Will he would feel better. Only later would he realize how wrong that hope was. The night of the campfire would be a night to remember. If only Nico had paid attention to the signs earlier he might have been able to avoid the mess he caused. He should have known first thing when the sight of the nearly full moon that night made his head spin and his heart rate quicken. He tried to ignore it. At first it was nothing, something akin to an annoying poke from Leo. After a short amount of time it progressed into a nagging sensation that reminded him of Percy or Will's senseless chatter. He didn't expect the symptoms to get