Percy Jackson wasn't straight. Like not even a little bit. He played straight for a long time, choosing to ignore this fact. He knew Annabeth liked him, so he liked Annabeth. He knew that people sort of expected him to end up with her. So he did. It wasn't a bad thing, Annabeth was one of his best friends, she was nice, and smart, and funny. He really did like Annabeth, but not in any sort of romantic let alone sexual way. Annabeth wasn't really straight either. She definitely liked Percy, but she never really fell in love with him, her heart always had been flighty. She always felt a pressure to end up with him. The hero gets the girl. She was the girl. She was the prize to be won. It sickened her in a way, but she went with it anyway. She was honestly fine with it, she'd resigned herself to a life with Percy, she knew she'd be happy, they got along wonderfully, sure it wasn't a typical couple dynamic, Percy never initiated anything with her beyond a handful of kisses, any time it went further she'd been the one to push for it, but he never seemed into it so eventually she stopped, but honestly Annabeth knew she'd be happy with him. 2 kids, a dog, a nice place somewhere in New York, close to his parents so he could be close with his sister. It wouldn't be bad. It wouldn't be great though. She wasn't in love with Percy, and she was clever enough to know he wasn't in love with her either. Percy didn't understand his own sexuality. He'd gotten "involved" with Annabeth (more like assigned he felt), so young he'd never really had a chance to explore himself. He definitely had some sort of weird crush on Luke, and Jason made him feel weird inside. Percy hadn't understood butterflies in the stomach until Jason really. Jason made him feel light and intoxicated in a sort of wonderful way. Jason was truly beautiful, the way his glasses framed his baby blues, and how his smile always seemed to start at the left corner a little crooked but in a cool friendly sort of way. Percy's made him look mischievous, like he was up to something, Jason's looked like the wholesome playful quarterback. Percy spent hours thinking about this. How lovely Jason was. Annabeth was definitely into Piper. That moment with her... It sat with her for a long time. The way it made her feel. Piper was so close in that moment. She thought for days after about kissing her, how she should've just done it, to hell with Percy and Jason. She knew Jason was gay, Piper knew Jason was gay, however New Rome didn't, and Jason really didn't want New Rome to know just yet. Piper was gorgeous, all legs and dark skin and beautiful hair, her eyes like a diamonds in a sunbeam. Annabeth wanted to kiss her. Piper's lips were beautiful. The way they curled up just so, and how she she smiled and they pulled back from her teeth she seemed like she could just eat you alive, and she wanted those lips all over her. But there was always Percy... Percy her best friend, her rather reluctant boyfriend, the boy she'd resigned to living her life with. Percy dumped Annabeth. He was tired of the expectation that he would get a happily ever after, he'd play hero, get the girl, go home. Not that it was bad. It was just a pressure he didn't feel he could handle. Because when you are in most senses a "hero" you are expected to live the perfect happily ever after with the girl you were expected to. Percy didn't want that. He didn't want to hurt Annabeth, he really didn't, she was his best friend. Annabeth was surprisingly okay when he told her. She'd even smiled and hugged him, patting his arm saying "as long as I'm still your friend seaweed brain", her smile filling him with a lightness he hadn't felt in a long time. When Percy dumped Annabeth she'd smiled, she'd been so happy. Her heart had lifted and she could feel her face light up. She hugged him and made sure they were still friends. She wanted to be his friend, she wanted to stay close, but that pressure being lifted off her shoulders, the prize to be won. It felt amazing. She was then struck with the fact she had no idea what she could do now. She had to find Piper. She had to. Percy and Annabeth talked briefly. Percy explaining that he still knew very little about himself, and how he wanted to explore himself and his life, how he didn't want Annabeth to wait around for him. Annabeth explaining a sort of relief at this. The two of them talking on a level they hadn't really done before. Hugging and smiles, and feeling better for the first time in a while. Them heading to dinner together and splitting off, Annabeth to her siblings, Percy to Jason, who was going to stop him honestly. Jason grinned at him as he approached, he pushed his glasses up with a knuckle and watched Percy sit down. "Hey, how's it going?" Percy smiled and sighed, "I just broke up with Annabeth." Jason frowned at him, "Oh no, you okay?" "Yeah..." Percy said still smiling. "I really am." Annabeth spotted Piper outside the Aphrodite cabin later that evening, she ran over and grabbed Piper's arm, dragging her to the Pegasus stables. Piper gave her a concerned look once they'd reached the relative solitude. "You alright Chase?" Annabeth pressed a kiss onto Piper's lips, her fingers dragging through Piper's dark brown hair. Piper pressed back, her hands pressing into Annabeth's hips, pushing her into the wall. Annabeth hooked a leg behind Piper's, dragging her tighter, her hand on Piper's head pulling her face closer. Piper receptive to her touch reacting in ways that made Annabeth shiver. Piper pulled away, "um no offence Annabeth, but um what is this about?" Annabeth whined at the loss of contact and moved her hands down to Piper's shoulders. "Percy and I broke up... it was pretty mutual." She looked up at Piper with hungry eyes, her lip digging into her bottom lip. Piper narrowed her eyes at her. "Uh huh...?" "Yeah, I've wanted to do this for a while now," Annabeth pressed a soft kiss into Piper's neck, her teeth grazing at the delicate skin. Piper groaned and pressed her hips into Annabeth's. "Fuck Annabeth..." "That's the plan," Annabeth chuckled. Piper laughed and took Annabeth's jaw into her hands pressing a kiss. "You're so beautiful, you know that?" Annabeth kissed her again. "I've been told, but you're the most beautiful girl at this camp and we both know this." Piper shrugged, her hands drifting across Annabeth's torso, playing with the bottom of her orange t-shirt. Annabeth moved down Piper's neck pressing kisses and bites along the smooth skin. "Gods, you're so good." Percy and Jason walked around the lake, shoulder's brushing. They'd talked about a lot along their walk. They're conversation had drifted from Annabeth, to Camp as a whole, to the role of hero and leader and the pressure that came with it, Jason talked about the dishonesty he also felt when he was with Piper, relating it to Percy's own feelings. "I know it isn't quite the same, since I'm gay, and you're... not right?" "I don't know actually," Percy sighed, "I feel like I was sort of assigned Annabeth so young. I got it into my head that she is what I wanted, it was sort of expected. I never really saw an ending without her. Hero gets the girl right?" Jason laughed. "Yeah... I think I get it. What do you think though?" Percy sighed. His stomach was doing that fluttery thing again. "I don't know," it was only half a lie. "There is a guy, but I don't know... I just... I know I'm not straight, that much I do know." Jason nudged him. "Oh yeah? Can I know which guy." Percy threw his head back studying the darkening sky, the first stars twinkling, the moon a sliver in the sky, the sky that shade of slate grey. "Jason, it is hard you know." "Yeah I know." Jason was smiling at him. "Just know you can tell me anything. I'm excellent with secrets." "It isn't that, it is complicated you know?" "Oh definitely." "What about you huh? I know you still have your thing with Piper, but I'm kinda sure Annabeth is with her right now." "How do you know?" "The way she snatched Piper and practically dragged her to the stables." "When was that?" "Like an hour or so ago? Still haven't come out yet. Annabeth is ruthless." "You speak from experience?" "Yeah, she tried really hard to make it work, but neither of us was ever super into it, she is however persistent." Jason laughed at that. "Was it any good?" "Sex with Annabeth?" Jason laughed harder. "I mean sure." "Oh it wasn't bad. It was pretty fun I guess." Jason was near stitches. "You're ridiculous." Percy grinned at him. "Oh really?" Jason nodded, his face nearly split in two with his smile. Percy laughed too, the two of them, idiots laughing on a beach. "You should answer my question though. You into anyone? Any secret relations?" Jason sighed standing up straighter, shaking his shoulders out. He jammed his hands in his back pockets. "Oh you know nothing really. I was sort of with Travis Stoll for a while, but he wasn't right you know? Mitchell in Aphrodite, we hooked up a couple times, he's just... not really my thing I guess. There's a guy I'm into right now, you probably know him." Percy raised an eyebrow. "If he is at this camp I probably know him. You do know that right?" Jason nodded. "Yeah but you know him pretty well." "Nico? He's seeing Will Solace you're kinda S.O.L." "Nope." "Leo? Frank? Grover?!" Jason shook his head. "Nope." "Tell me then!" Jason turned looking at Percy, he gently took Percy's neck into his hands pulling him close, pressing a soft kiss. "Answer your question?" Percy could feel his face turning red. "Well. I mean. Um. Yeah." Jason smiled letting Percy ago and resuming their stroll. Percy jogged to catch up. "Don't just walk away from me! Hey!" Jason took off at a sprint glancing over his shoulder at Percy, laughing. "You can't get meee!" Jason called as he ran down the shore, sure sand got into his shoes, but he really didn't care. Much later Annabeth face was pressed to Piper's bare chest listening to her heart beat. Her eyes shut. Piper's arm slung carelessly around Annabeth's bare shoulders. Piper hummed. "You know Annabeth we should probably go to back to our cabins. It's pretty late." Annabeth snuggled into Piper, "mmmm yeah but you're soft and warm." Annabeth felt Piper's laugh rumble through her vibrating her chest. "I know, but c'mon. I can't pull something like this while everyone thinks I'm still with Jason." Annabeth sighed sitting up and staring down at Piper. "Fine. Where did you throw my bra, because my shirts right here." "It's over there, where are my shorts?" The two girls scramble to dress and Piper plucks a stray piece of hay out of Annabeth's curls. "You look like you just got fucked in a barn, but at least there is no hay in your hair," Piper states with a giggle. Piper never giggled. Piper giggling sent waves of... something... in Annabeth's stomach. "Hardy har, how come you look so good?" "I'm a natural talent, c'mon let me walk you back." "What if someone sees?" "They won't suspect anything. I promise." The two girls walked back a casual distance apart. Piper gave Annabeth a brief hug at the Athena cabin before turning