Warning: This is not a Faramir/Eowyn story like the category implies. There are not categories for Theodwyn and Finduilas, so I had to put it under the secondary characters. This story is entirely based off of the books, and there is nothing AU about it. It may seem strange, but both women really did get married and die at the same age. I thought I should clarify that. A River of Leaves Finduilas Thirteen years and two months ago, she had been but a small child held up to the sun for the first time. Now, Princess Finduilas of Dol Amroth sat by the sea with her brother, wondering at her past. Thirteen years. Thirteen years and she felt as though her entire life has passed before her already. All she wanted she had here, and needed nothing else. She was content. She had a mother, though she was very ill and would not last much longer; they had had many happy times together, and even her passing could not make Finduilas weep. For her mother was a strong woman, and she had lived a full life. Finduilas knew that everyone's time came, and this would be her mother's. Her father was a good man, and he had done nothing to cause his daughter to be ashamed of him. She loved him dearly. He treated all of his children like they were the only things that mattered to him in the world. He shielded them from the bitterness of reality, and instead filled their minds with thoughts of hope and love. In her father's presence, Finduilas felt as though the world was in perfect balance, and nothing would ever change that, not even the Dark Lord who was supposedly rising again to power. No, even he did not have the strength to dissipate this girl's hope. She knew something about what was stirring in Mordor, but she felt well guarded, and had never given it a second thought. She had a sister, Ivriniel, who was surely the fairest maiden in all of Gondor. She also had a much sweeter disposition than anyone else that Finduilas knew. She always seemed to want to help and give, rather than take and hurt. Her favorite thing to say was "this is truly a remarkably perfect family," a statement that Finduilas could not agree more with. And then there was her brother. Imrahil was the strongest person that Finduilas knew. He carried himself with pride and dignity, even at such a young age, for he knew of his heritage, and knew of the Elvish blood that ran in his veins. Perhaps even that blood of Amroth himself, for whom their beloved city was named. Imrahil was Finduilas's world. She didn't love anything more than her brother. She saw everything that he did and tried to find a way that such a trait would mirror in herself, for she felt that everything that he was she wanted to be also. She listened to the sea's call as she dug her fingers deeper in the sand. She glanced over at her brother, who was playing with a little seashell thoughtfully. What is he thinking about? She wondered. He had a small smile on his face, and Finduilas was once again reminded of the great kings of old. She hoped that someday, she would marry such a man as that. "What is on your mind, dear brother?" He smiled down at her, and said, "I was remembering your birth. The Queen Morwen of Lossenarch and Rohan has just given birth to a baby girl. It is her fifth child, and fourth daughter. Such things always make me think of you." Finduilas smiled back up at her brother and said, "when was she born?" "Three days ago." Finduilas closed her eyes and tried to imagine a three-day-old child of the Rohirrim. She had never met either Queen Morwen or King Thengel, but she imagined that even though the Queen was surely dark haired all of their children must have been fair-headed like the rest of the Rohirrim. She had never really seen an Eorlingas at all, but she knew from what her people said of them that their hair looked as though it had been spun out of pure sunlight. But what she saw instead of a little child of Rohan was a small boy of surely no more than four summers. He had a light grin and deep grey eyes that seemed to read her very mind. He was dressed rather regally, as he sat on a bench next to an older man looking up at her smiling. "Where's Boromir, Aimee?" he asked. "Doesn't he remember that it's his birthday today?" Finduilas gasped and jerked her eyes open, and returned to staring out at the darkening sea. The sun had set beyond it, and she knew that it was time to go in soon. "Fin, are you all right?" "I'm fine, I just thought I saw something." "But your eyes were closed, Fin." She shook her head. She didn't want to explain the strange vision to her brother. She was sure that it would come true, even though she had never had such prophetic visions before. What would make it start now, she couldn't say, but she knew that to tell her brother would just make it twice as confusing as it already was. No, she would wait and see what her future held. Thinking about it, she realized that the image was not taking place in Dol Amroth. If she didn't know herself better, Finduilas would even go so far as to say that it was in Minas Tirith. But surely she would never go so far away from what she loved so much to live in the stone citadel… Imrahil rose and helped his sister up. She let him, not even thinking about what she was doing. She was too caught up in thinking about this new addition to the world. She imagined people surrounding the child, delighting in her… Theodwyn Many people still told accounts of her birth as though it was yesterday rather than thirteen years ago. Theodwyn of Rohan was one of the most beloved maidens, and as she grew, she only became more endeared in their hearts. She took after her father in looks in all ways but her eyes. Those deep grey eyes were her mother's, and she knew from the day she first realized how very rare they were that her eyes were special. She had decided that she would pass her eyes on only her own daughter born out of true love. Should she be forced into a loveless marriage, Theodwyn knew that no child would bear the eyes of Morwen of Lossenarch. Even her brother and sisters did not have such eyes. No, it was only for a special purpose. Her daughter would have the eyes, and they would guide her back to her own people. For she was of Gondor and Rohan, though Theodwyn herself had been raised only in the strictest of Rohirrim heritage. Her people wanted her to forget about her Gondorian ancestors, but she would no more do that than forget about her own father. No, her line would be that of Gondor and Rohan forever. Even her mother did not seem to endear the Gondorian past. She refused to teach Theodwyn the language of her own people, so the girl had to learn it on her own. She had done all that she could before finally managing to get her brother, who was required to speak it for diplomatic purposes, teach her the language. She found it even more melodic than the language that she spoke on an everyday basis, and whenever she could tried to use the tongue until her mother banned her from speaking it. In order to remember it, Theodwyn began keeping a journal in which she would write her entries in Gondorian. None but her brother knew of this journal, and he never told a soul. She always wondered if he would tell their mother should Theodwyn die, but she knew in her heart that it was too dear a secret to Theoden that he would never tell anyone, no matter their relation to his sister. This made her feel special. She felt like her brother cared more about her than he did about any other, which she had later realized was true. He did everything that he could for his sister, whatever that meant. No matter what, she was his preferred sister. She was his preferred everything. She watched from the highest point of Edoras as her two sisters walked about the city. Two years ago, Brimwyn, Theodwyn, Blanca, and Freonda had been sisters. But then Freonda had suddenly fallen from her horse, and it had left Brimwyn, Theodwyn, and Blanca alone. Of course, never as alone as Theoden was, for he was ever the only boy in the family. Now the two walked together, and Theodwyn wondered where her brother was. Surely off in the practice ring. The thought of weaponry made her shudder. All thoughts of the East darkened her mood to a point that she even began wondering why they were trying. Theodwyn looked out from the tower, and saw a small cloud of dust arising from far away. From Gondor. Her heart leapt at the thought, for she was ever hopeful that the day may come when she would return to the country where she knew she belonged. As dear as Rohan was to her heart, it would never be Gondor. To never have even seen the country made such thoughts even harder to bear. She often wondered how she knew that she belonged there if she had never even overstepped the border, but she knew. Her eyes guided her there. When the cloud finally reached Edoras, the royal family was sitting down to eat dinner. Brimwyn, the eldest, was serving her family's wine when a young man of Rohan came in. Theodwyn's heart sank as she realized that she would not see any more of the dark-haired race yet. "Sire," the man said to her brother. "My name is Eomund. I have returned from my mission in Gondor with joyous news. The Lord Denethor the Second, son of the Steward of Gondor, has chosen a wife." Finduilas She was twenty-six when Denethor son of Ecthelion proposed marriage to her. They had met in Dol Amroth two years before, and then again in Minas Tirith six months later before he started coming to see her on a regular basis in Dol Amroth. The distance between them exaggerated his attentions to the point that they seemed unreasonable. He would journey a week in order to spend three days with her every month. He spent so much time on the road with traveling back in forth, in fact, that he rarely had an opportunity to shave. But when she realized that he was courting her, Finduilas began to doubt the relationship. She became unsure as to what she wanted from Denethor. She was finding herself falling in love with him, but she tried to refuse to let herself. For she had sworn that she would never leave Dol Amroth; she would never leave her brother. But it wasn't enough. She was entirely in love with him when he finally asked her to marry him. They were walking on the shore at sunset, each thinking their own thoughts, when he suddenly burst out with overflowing emotion in his voice. He told her of his love for her, he told her of what an amazing person he found her, and then he ended it with an offer of marriage. Finduilas had found herself overwhelmed. She was just a princess from a costal city, and she knew nothing of love and the way such things were supposed to work. She had no idea how to react to such a speech, for Denethor had a way with words beyond