A/N:I'M BACK! And I'm back with another Faramir oneshot. I realized too late that I based the first scene of this story on the movie instead of the books, but oh well. Primarily, though, this will be bookverse, not that it really makes much of a difference, as there is no unoriginal dialogue. Not true. All the songs are unoriginal. They belong to Tolkien. However, Denethor dies nobly, as he does in the book, rather than going and running off that stupid cliff. Walking Home One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. They were all there together again. They were all happy again. Nothing could go wrong for them ever again, it seemed. They were the heroes of Middle-Earth, it seemed. All of them. All eight. It was necessary to remember that there were but eight. Whither wandered the ninth? he wondered not for the first time. But the same answer replied that ever did. Boromir of Gondor no longer walks this land. Boromir the Fair has passed into Mandos' Halls, where he shall feast eternally. Faramir sighed as he watched this happy scene of the eight beloved friends gathering for the first time since they had been separated, so many months ago. It was almost easy for him to forget that Boromir belonged there. Almost. He had never seen his brother among these men. They somehow seemed for Boromir the wrong companions. No, rather, Boromir should have been on this side of the threshold. Standing there with Faramir, and watching this beautiful sight. Instead, surrounding him were random people for whom he did not care in the least. Of course, there was the man who saved his life here, and the man whom he saved there, but at some point, it wasn't enough. Such would be enough to bind two people together for life, but not as brothers. That was what Faramir missed. A brother. His brother. He pushed his way through the crowd, wanting to get some fresh air. He could no longer take pleasure in watching the Fellowship of the Ring reunite, for it left a hole in his heart. The Fellowship would never reunite. Not for all the lives in Arda could they reunite again. Just as Faramir would never reunite with his own brother. It was the duty of war. Steal as many loved ones as possible. Somehow, though, one of them remained alive. One was always left to remember the dark fates of those he loved. There would always be that gap in the Fellowship. It will never have the strength that it once boasted. That day at Amon Hen, the worst happened. Boromir of Gondor died. His horn was broken. And with that horn, the bonds of fellowship that bound them together failed. Frodo and Sam left, Merry and Pippin were captured, and Boromir died. There had been a death. Because of that, they would never be healed. Not even after time. For there was still something missing that could not grow back. And it was missing in Faramir too. He looked up and realized that once again he had wandered to Fen Hollen. The house where his father now resided. The house where his brother should reside. The house of the dead. He was not surprised that he was here, as he often came upon these gates and stared through them, thinking of the men—and most particularly the man—that lay beyond. He did not return on his own volition, but that of something else. Something, whether it be insanity or desperation, drove him ever to Fen Hollen. He approached the gates and sighed. The man guarding those ever silent houses tensed, and raised his spear. Faramir paid him no heed as he continued to advance on the gates and settle down on a rock, which would give him a clear view of what lay beyond. What did he expect? He wondered. He held not illusions that such things as his father might return from the dead, as much as he wished to hope for such. He, unlike many, did not waste time with impossible wishing, for such brought him too close to what he truly desired. Such would render him more wounded than he would have been had he never given thought to the idea. But still, the hope that he might truly give his brother the respect that he deserved would almost be worth breaking that barrier that Faramir had so carefully set into place. He just wanted to see his brother again. He knew that it could never happen, but the idea… He sighed again and rose from his stone. No more thinking upon that which was lost. At least not for today, he decided. He'd done enough of that already for one day. Now there was much else that required his attention. He smiled softly as he entered the citadel. Everyone was bustling around, preparing for the return of the King. He headed towards his study and glanced around at the paperwork that awaited him. So much. So much indeed. Even at the knock on the door—hours later—Faramir did not glance up again until his study door suddenly swung open. He looked up, rather startled, and was hardly surprised to see Eowyn standing in the doorway. With a hand on her hip, leaning against the frame, she clucked her tongue and sighed. "Faramir, it's after midnight. You must go to bed. Did you realize that you skipped dinner again?" He sighed and looked back down at the form he was filling out. "No, I didn't. I just got caught up in my work. I'm sorry. I'll finish in another minute." Eowyn rolled her eyes. "Faramir, this cannot be healthy! I am not even married to you yet, and I know precisely where you will be at midnight, and it's not safely asleep in your bed! I don't want to have to worry about the fact that you can't take care of yourself. What are you going to do when I leave for home, Hm? Faramir, I am really worried! You do not need to please him anymore, love!" He looked up, his throat tightening suddenly. At first he didn't know how to respond. He almost wished to yell at her, so as to escape the horror of what she said. He hated it when she read his true reasons for doing things. He hated when she brought what he unconsciously thought to the surface, where he would have to face them, once and for all. He was never able to face them though, so he would always evade her. He knew that it bothered her. He fought the urge to do so as long as possible, but ultimately he never had the strength to change. To face the truth. But tonight he was tired. He wasn't even going to try to fight himself. He would evade her and escape. At least for tonight. "Eowyn, I'm sorry. I'll go to bed as soon as possible. Let me finish this one form and I will stop for the night. You're right. I need to stop this. I'll start paying better mind to the time." They both knew that it was a false answer. But there was nothing that could be said about it. Eowyn just looked at him with her sad grey eyes—doe-like even—and started to turn away. She stopped, and her hand ran almost unconsciously across the wood end of the bookcase that stood next to the door. She then said softly, so softly that Faramir was unsure whether she said it or just thought it, "Why do you fight your feelings, love? Your father is dead, and there is nothing that you can do about it. But you know this." She hesitated. "And Faramir? Your brother is dead. You have to face that. I know it's hard, but try to realize that you cannot fight the truth forever. When you go to bed, you lay awake thinking about him. It's easier for you to immerse yourself in your work. I know this. But you have to do what you have to in order to bring yourself to peace with your ghosts. Your brother can never rest in peace if you keep bringing him back into your struggles." He blinked at her. He was stunned. It was not a comment meant for winning the battle that they had just fought. She let him win that. This time she just sincerely wanted to guide him in his fight against his demons. Yet he didn't know how to do as she said. When he finally came out of his state of shock, Eowyn was gone. It was all like a dream. But it wasn't a dream. Not yet. Until Boromir walked through the door and told him off for sleeping in his study it would never be a dream. Your brother is dead. You have to face that. No. No he didn't. Not yet. He could go another while before he had to face it all. He couldn't believe that any of this could really happen. And he didn't have to do what he couldn't. At least not yet. So he let himself think it was a dream. For his own sake. Why not? It was still a dream. All of it. Boromir would walk through the door, making it all fade away, the way dreams do. It didn't matter which dream it was. It always faded by the next morning to the point that it took such strain of which your tired morning brain was incapable to actually remember the dream. He wouldn't have to remember by the morning, so why did he remember now? Forget it all. He sighed tiredly and lay his head down on the table. Why was Eowyn so right? Why were his demons so hard to fight? Why couldn't they just go? They can never rest in peace if you keep bring him into your struggles. What was that supposed to mean? What was he supposed to do that he wasn't doing? He wasn't fighting Boromir anymore, yet his ghost haunted him. It was like something wasn't finished. Like he was waiting to help his brother. Waiting to see him walking home. But of course it was all silly. His brother had been buried—without the body of course, but buried nonetheless, —the rituals had been performed, and his brother would never come back or ever need his help again. In fact, Boromir had never needed Faramir's help. It was always the other way around. When had he ever provided useful to his brother? He didn't know. Perhaps that was it. Boromir had died having always given and never taken. It was a noble death, to be sure, but for those selfish enough to yet live, it seemed cruel and unfinished. Faramir felt as though he had never gotten the chance to give to Boromir, and that he must ere everything could rest in peace. Faramir also felt that he should have died in his brother's stead. It was not just his father's words that made him think this. He had come to terms with most of his past with his father by now. In fact, he had thought thus long before he ever asked his father's opinion. He had never given. He had always received. It seemed selfish. So shouldn't he go first? Shouldn't Boromir be here, engaged to the fairest lady that yet walked the earth? Shouldn't he have been the one who fell to the Uruk-hai? He remembered what Frodo told him, just before they parted ways. He told Faramir what happened between him and his brother. He told him that he wasn't entirely surprised about Boromir's end. He also told him that he thought his brother a noble man, but warned him that any attempt at taking the Ring could have dire consequences. And indeed it did. So Frodo thought that Faramir ought to have lived. That Boromir died because his strength