Chapter One "It won't be quite that terrible Renesmee," Edward smiled as he sat at the grand piano in the centre of the spacious living room, preparing to play her mother's lullaby. Renesmee threw aside the dog eared copy of Pride and Prejudice she had been blankly staring at for the past ten minutes, it landed open and face down on the highly polished parquet floor, "Honestly Dad, do you think that you might at least try to stop listening to my thoughts? It's creepy...and just plain wrong! There are some things I don't want you to know!" Edward pressed his lips together, trying desperately to suppress a smirk. He knew exactly how riled Renesmee became when he commented on her private thoughts; but, quite honestly, he was glad that he could hear her thoughts – what better gift could a father ask for? "I'm sorry." He said for her benefit, his fingers moving to the keys of the piano. Renesmee scowled darkly, "No you're not! I've never seen you so smug. It's a good thing I love you Dad..." she trailed off, threw her hands in the air and stalked from the room. Edward sighed; he had been rather worried for Renesmee recently. The frequency with which she thought about a particular individual had spiked rather dramatically. He feared for her, as a father should – as Charlie had feared for Bella, Edward's wife and Renesmee's mother. He and Bella had always known that the time that they had to call Renesmee theirs was finite, but even so she was still their little girl. Perhaps that was what had influenced their decision to leave Forks when they did, so that they could prolong that time. They had known that leaving Forks and relocating to Alaska would have a significant impact on Renesmee's happiness; but their time in Forks had come to an end. He vividly remembered the day that they had left: a 'fourteen' year old Renesmee had cried as if her tears sprung from an infinite source, her hands clinging to Jacob, her eyes alert to every move that he made as if the sun rose and set with him. Despite her intelligence, not one member of the Cullen family had been able to reason with her and Jacob had not helped, he had protested and issued angry threats from the moment he had discovered their plans until the day they left. Edward had tried to explain why Jacob could not come with them, but it had simply made her cling even tighter to him. Eventually, Emmett had wrestled her away while Sam, Paul and Quil had held Jacob back. The entire thing had been a debacle of epic proportions. As they had pulled away, Renesmee had shrieked as if she was being torn apart slowly. Emmett had continued to lock her in his arms to stop her thrashing about, but she had managed to get partially free; she had turned her head and stared wretchedly out of the rear window at Jake's lividly shuddering form. As they had turned the corner, leaving Jacob behind, a loud and pitiful keening sound had filled the car. The experience had altered Renesmee, the playful and cheerful girl she had once been had diminished into someone Edward did not recognise. On the surface she was still Renesmee: taller than her mother, but she only reached her father's shoulder, warm chocolate brown eyes, an open and angelic face – her father's impossible beauty; a face that would never be able to fully disguise its emotions and bronze ringlets that hung down to the middle of her back. But the spark was gone, she was quiet and introspective. People remained drawn to her inexplicably, but she shunned their attention, preferring the company of her books, she went out from time to time and socialised, but it always seemed to Edward that she was simply going through the motions. He pressed down on the keys and began to play; Bella's lullaby always calmed him. Renesmee stood in the centre of her bedroom, quivering with frustration; she pressed her fingers hard to her eyes. Stars burst behind her eyelids as she took deep breaths and tried to stop herself from crying. For as long as she lived, she would never come to terms with the fact that her father could hear each and every thought that she did not hide or guard against. When she had been younger, it had made her feel close to him, it had meant that they shared a connection to one another, that her father understood her. But, with the loss of innocent, childlike thoughts this had rapidly changed. Old familiar feelings overwhelmed her, she felt as though her head had been trapped in a vice, that the vice was closed tightly on her head and was getting tighter every moment. She wanted to scream as she felt the familiar weakness, the disconnection between herself and what should be the sanctuary of her mind. As the feeling and the thought entered her head, she winced. She had not thought to divert her thoughts away from this trajectory because she had been frustrated by her father's intrusion. The sound of her mother's lullaby cut off abruptly. Immediately, the pressure filled feeling of weakness dissipated and was quickly replaced by that other regular sensation: guilt. She felt guilty because at times like these, she resented her father's gift; she wished that her thoughts were hers alone, like her mother. She cringed at the way that her father's expressions were sometimes unguarded, particularly when her mind fixated on particular subjects, and recently, on a particular person. Truly, she only ever felt free when she was far from home...she had felt free in La Push too, with Jacob. She never needed to disguise anything with him. Downstairs, her father started to play her mother's lullaby again. The knowledge that she felt freer away from her family, from her own father caused her to feel such intense self-reproach that there had been moments when she thought that it would consume her. Since they had left Forks, she had oscillated regularly between these feelings: frustration, guilt, self-reproach. A soft knock at her door snapped her out of her introspection. She went to the door and opened it, Alice stood outside. "Oh hey Alice..." "Listen Ness," she said, taking hold of her arm and pulling her from the room, "We need to talk party details – the dress, the decor...everything" "Alright," Renesmee answered. She pushed aside her own feelings. She knew how excited Alice had been about the party – the way that she revelled in every rite of passage that Renesmee reached. She smiled at her aunt fondly and allowed her to lead the way to her and Jasper's room. Alice pulled her excitedly to the soft suede sofa in the back corner of the room, it was angled to look out over the rolling green grass that led to the icy beauty of the lake and down towards the glacier. Alice pulled her down beside her; she turned her body to face Renesmee, "So, have you thought about your dress?" Alice asked. Renesmee wanted to answer in the affirmative, but the truth was she had not spent a second of the last two weeks thinking of anything except...She stopped that train of thought. She had to focus. "You haven't have you?" Alice said when she hadn't answered moments later. "No," Renesmee admitted shamefaced. Alice's face clouded with disappointment. "But, I really want to choose a great one...I just don't have your style Alice, you know that. I need your guidance; you'll help me won't you?" Renesmee watched as a sparkling smile lit up Alice's face. She knew that her aunt loved nothing more than fashion and to feel useful, so combining the two was her idea of heaven. "Well, that's lucky because..." she darted up from the sofa and danced gracefully to her oversized closet doors. Renesmee watched as she threw them open happily uncovering the depth of the walk-in wardrobe. Alice pulled a clothes rail from the cavernous space to the centre of the room, "Voila!" she exclaimed. Renesmee's eyes bugged, the rail contained a selection of high-end designer dresses. They were so unlike the sort of clothes that Renesmee chose for herself, she knew that she would not be happy or comfortable wearing any of them. She took a deep breath and stood. She walked to the rail, letting her fingers trail across the fabric of the dresses as she went, "So which ones do you like?" Alice smiled. "They're all so...so beautiful. I don't think I can choose." "Oh come on Ness...humour me." Renesmee bit her lip and studied each of the dresses; she tried to decide which would look the least hideous on her. Her hand rested on a pale gold dress, the material, silk, was soft and delicate against her skin, she ran her fingers up and down its skirt, "Excellent choice," Alice smiled, "I was hoping that you'd pick that one, I mean any one of these would look stunning on you, but this is totally you...now we just have to figure out what to do with your hair." "Alice...do you ever feel trapped?" Renesmee asked tentatively as she watched her aunt. "Hmmm? Trapped? What do you mean?" Alice asked, jogged out of her potential plans for Renesmee's hair. "Nothing..." Renesmee said, deflated. Alice would never understand. None of her family would. They viewed Edward's gift as beneficial, you just had to consider the number of times that her father's gift had saved them all, "So, any ideas about the hair?" Alice regarded her carefully, she looked as if she were considering Renesmee's question, Renesmee quickly said, "I was thinking that I might just leave it down" It was enough to jar Alice's train of thought and bring it back to the safer topic of the party, "Leaving it down...that could work, but we'd have to define the curls..." Alice mused. Renesmee breathed an internal sigh of relief. Before long, Alice was satisfied with their decisions on a dress for the party and the 'look' they would try to create with Renesmee's hair. Released, Renesmee made her way down the stairs to the front door, but before she could reach it, her father appeared from the living room, "Hey Dad..." she said quietly. His topaz eyes were filled with pain and remorse. She felt guilt flood her entire system, "Renesmee..." he said brokenly. "It's ok Dad...look I'm sorry. I didn't mean any of what I said or I thought," she lied. "Yes, you did," he replied, coming towards her. She held her hand up before he could fully reach her, tears sprung to her eyes, "Please Dad, don't. I just...I just need to...I love you, but I have to..." He stood frozen and she knew that if he could have cried at that moment, he would have. She could not look at the tortured expression; she could not withstand the weight of the guilt that bore down on her, so she turned and fled out into the driveway and headed for her car. Edward winced as the front door slammed shut behind her. He heard Renesmee trudge in her boots to his old silver Volvo. He heard her slam the door and start the engine. Then, she tore out of the driveway. Renesmee turned up the heat in the car, gripping the wheel as she drove quickly away from the large isolated house that stood overlooking Medenhall Lake. She followed the curve of the driveway until she reached the fork in the road, signalling its end. She turned right and headed towards Auke Bay. She knew that she had been pretty hard on her Dad, but she had been embarrassed. She had been dreading the birthday party that her Aunt Alice was throwing for days – a trait that she had apparently picked up from her mother, much to