Tessa: June 3rd I had been catering this event for the past two hours. It was a wedding reception for a Sam and now Emily Uley. They had done a bunch of speeches and stuff and now I am almost done with running food to different tables, I was in charge of the tables on the left back side and I had just about finished those. There weren't many tables that I was in change of only six really. My sister Bethany was in charge of the ones on the left side with the same amount of tables plus two more in the front on the left and right side. Its finals week next week so no one was really able to work this gig, which means more work for me but also less time to study. I moved away from my last table and put the tray under my arms as the music played and people talked and laughed. Were people always supposed to be this happy? I noticed my sister Bethany was behind on serving so I grabbed a tray full of food and brought it over. "Do any of you guys have the cake and ice cream?" I asked as I came up to the table to receive all of them saying yes. "Alright sweet, well I have heard that is good but don't hold me to it." I said as I placed some of the plates down and spun the tray for more plates. "Sweet I'm still starving, thank…" One of the guys said as I placed the plate in front of him and just stared open eyed at me. He had brown eyes, black hair that was cropped short, high cheek bones and with out a doubt one of the hottest guy I have ever seen. Staring at him made me get this weird feeling in my chest, something like safety, joy, love, desire. "Anytime, its why I'm here." I said quickly turning my head and finished putting the plates down and getting away. I ran back to plate back up and saw there were no more plates left. "To slow kid." My sister Bethany said as she put down her trays. "I got them for you." I felt a tug at my chest and turned my head to see that guy that had stared at me kneeing by the grooming, both of them looking at me. I shook my head and looked back at my sister. "Hey I did just run a table for you but Thanks sis, I'll pick up the pace even though you have taken some of the tables for me. I'm just exhausted I was up all night trying to memorize all that I can about World War Two. I don't think I was successful plus I didn't even get to Precalc." I said to her. "You will do fine kid, you always do. Hey, why are those people staring at you?" I didn't even need to look behind me to know who she was referring to. "Hey guys, man can those guys drink. What are you looking at Beth?" Our coworker Julia said as she came up to us after doing a drink run. "Those hot guys who can't take their eyes off of Tess." Beth responded to her causing Julia to look over to. ""Dam Tessa nice hook." Julia said to me as I couldn't bear it anymore and looked over my shoulder at them. Of all the different guys staring at me I couldn't focus on any of them besides that one guy. That feeling in my chest, the one of safety of joy and longing returned. Making me want more and more to go over to him and know him. I just couldn't look away. "Tessa! Dam she is hooked as well." I was brought back from Julia as she snapped her fingers by my face. "Um sorry… can we just drop the topic." I replied as I shook my head and took the notes for my finals out from under the table. "No we can not sis, I'm glad you are wearing these black pants because they make your butt look good. Oh come on Tess put away the study guide." Beth said to me taking my notes away from me. "Hey come on I need to study and I got time since they are eating. Don't look at my butt either and going after guys is your thing not mine. I got too much on my plate." "No you don't Tessa." Julia said rolling her eyes, "You are about done with school, soccer doesn't start till late August and you are always the good girl. Now its time to be like your sister and do something… Though maybe not as crazy." "You know what guys, no." I said as I snatched the notes the back. "Get it out of your head. Here, what table are these drinks going to, I'll take them." I said to them as I grabbed Julia's carrier, which now had filled wine glasses on it. "Table two on the left side." She replied rolling her eyes as I balanced it on my hand and walked in that direction. I walked to the left side of the reception and up to the second table from the front. There were six seats and five glasses so everyone had a drink beside a tall kid sitting there, easily enough I put a glass in front of everyone. "Tessa? Tessa Cayton is that you?" I hear a man say as I place a drink down. "Paul?" I said looking over the man who spoke. "Holy shit! Look at you, where are the braids, soccer ball and violin?" He said getting up and giving me hug. "Your one to talk Rolling Paulieolie. Geez hey you know I read a book that talked about how taking drugs to make yourself buff is really bad for you." I said back. "Still sassy as always, are you still playing soccer?" He said sitting back down and shaking his head. "Yep, you are looking at the captain of varisity two years running." "That a girl, sorry everyone this is Tessa Cayton, a pain in the butt I used to babysit for." "Hi." I replied back to from a chorus of greetings. "Dam soccer captain? Does your boy friend get intimidated by you?" A kid two seats down from Paul said. "I don't have a boyfriend but the past ex was definately intimidated." "Hey Tessa did I hear correctly that you were in the hospital this year?" "Yeah I should be fine soon, I was a soccer accident. Slid to kick a ball in the same time another girl did and got her cleat right into my abdomen. After that I had some internal bleeding but it should be better now." I said shrugging. "Did you at least get a goal?" the same kid asked. "Is that even a question? Of course I did." "Well take it easy Tessa sweety, internal bleeding is not something that should be taken lightly." A woman on the other side of the table said. "Is Beth here? And how is your dad?" Paul said back to me. "Yeah she I over there getting into trouble, she will come over when I tell her you are here. And dad is away for business still. " I added the last bit about my parents in a rush. "So if you don't have a boyfriend ,wanna go out on a date?" I heard the table near by get really loud, "SETH STOP AND DUDE CALM DOWN." People now looked over to the table with Seth yelling, "What did I do?" I saw the guy that I had made eye contact grumbling to another guy but stop when he looked up at me, his body looked as if it was shaking. His eyes had a weird look in them like denial and fight. Get out this is getting weird…. "Well um," I started as I looked back at Paul, "I need to get back to work but we should catch up later." I headed backwards towards the back as he nodded his head with a look of curiosity on his face. "So what was that about?" Beth said to me as I returned to them. I responded with a shrug and looked in that direction to find the guy that I have been so interested, no where in sight. Instead I found Paul squatting next to guys at that table looking at me with his mischivuous grin on his face as he talked to the people at the table. I looked back over to the girls who were in the middle of some conversation but I couldn't get this weird feeling out of my chest. I longed for that guy, I felt constricted like I couldn't breath at all. His eyes stirring in my head, all I wanted was to see them again. "TESSA!" I looked up to see Beth staring at me with an annoyed face on, "did you hear what I said?" "Um no sorry… What's up?" "I asked if you are okay, you have just been standing there for thirty minutes, staring out into space… Its time to start clearing, they are already setting up for the dancing so we got to get done here. Is it your abdomen, does it hurt you?" She put on this worried look that is reserved for my injured, this whole thing has her really freaked. "Yeah I'm fine just got lost in thought I guess. I'll get started on clearing the tables." I replied as I started to move away with my carrier. "Oh wait Tess, we have been invited to the Lahola's for a cookout this week so we are going." I nodded my head as I went to the nearest table and took all of the plates of the table. Why are we invited let alone going to the Layohola's cookout? We haven't been in touch with them for at least 3 years. Even then we haven't been that close for a longer time now we are going to their cookout? This night is getting so weird. First that guy, next seeing Paul, then spacing out for thirty minutes thinking about that guy. What's next, is my dad showing up in a taco suit? Okay the last one is very, very unlikely and just a stupid idea to make my point. God why can't this feeling in my chest go away, its like a job trying to breath, in out in out in out in out. I wonder what that…! No don't finish that thought, you don't know the guy so just focus on working and not those eyes, or how amazing a bow tie looks on him or the fast that his muscles seems to be bulging out of it. Oh wow I'm done with my tables… I guess since Bethany is behind I will go help her out and take the tables in the front again…. That means the table where he was sitting earlier… I wonder if he is there again since last time I looked over he wasn't there. " Hey Tessa, I hear you coming to our cookout." I looked up as I cleared the table to see Paul still squatting next to some of the guys at the table; the one I have been attached to still no where in sight… "Yeah I guess?" I replied to him "When are you coming over?" "Um," I put the last plate on the carrier and looked back at him, "I don't know I haven't really been told anything." "Well it starts at 6 on Tuesday." "Don't you guys have finals?" "No we got out of school last week, didn't you?" One of the girls said. "Wednesday is my last day thankfully…" I looked over my shoulder from hearing my name and saw Julia motioning her hands for me to come to her.