The Moment I Knew Chapter One- Meeting the Dursleys I woke up that morning feeling incredibly excited and unable to keep any sort of smile off of my face. I could see the sun shining through my curtains and despite the fact that I wanted to curl back up in my duvet and go back to sleep, I knew I would be too excited to do that. So rolling onto my side (and falling off of my bed in the process), I stood up and made my way downstairs. I quickly buttered two slices of toast before hopping in the shower and getting dressed. Unfortunately for me, I'd put off packing until the very last minute; something I was now bitterly regretting. I was due to arrive at the Burrow at ten in the morning. It was currently quarter past nine and I'd only packed the things that I'd never actually taken out of my trunk in the first place. So keeping a keen eye on the time, I hastily hunted high and low in every corner of my room for everything I'd misplaced throughout the holidays- robes, books, shoes, clothes. I'd lost virtually everything somehow. I'd ended up stuffing most of it unfolded into my trunk, something I knew would give my mum a heart attack if she knew and I grinned slightly at the fact that she wouldn't know. My mum and dad were currently visiting my older brother James in Australia, who was studying foreign diseases as his work as a healer. Although I hadn't seen my brother in over a year, I'd had to stay at home while my parents left, opting instead to go to the Quidditch World Cup, an event I knew I could not decline. Especially not when I'd been invited by one of my favourite family's in the world: the Weasley's. Having to sit on top of my trunk to order to actually close it, I glanced at the clock again to see it was just after ten o'clock, for once I was actually running on time which was a bloody miracle. Dragging my trunk after me down the stairs (cursing loudly when it dropped on my foot), I struggled into the living room and pulled my trunk into the fireplace. Taking one more look around the room, I grabbed some floo powder, took a deep breath and shouted, "THE BURROW!" Floo powder was definitely not my favourite way to travel as I tumbled onto the worn rug in front of the Weasleys fireplace. Dust now covered my clothes and face, and my hair felt incredibly matted. Getting up onto my feet, I looked around expectantly trying to catch sight of someone while trying to rub myself free of dirt and make my hair look relatively reasonable. Catching sight of the Weasley's clock, I saw that everyone seemed to be home except Mr Weasley, who I assumed was at work. Which added to the mystery of why it seemed so quiet. I decided my best bet would be the kitchen; knowing the Weasleys, it was extremely likely that at least one of them would be in there. Immediately being proved right, I saw Mrs Weasley standing in front of the sink, using her wand to peel a large pile of potatoes. Clearing my throat quietly so as not to alarm her too much, I smiled widely as she turned around and clapped her hands together. "Maisie, dear! I was wondering when you would get here. I hope you've had a good summer so far." My smile turned into a fully blown grin upon hearing her speak. I'd missed this place far too much. "It's been great, Mrs Weasley." I replied, happily. "My parents are in Australia visiting James so I've been home alone for the last few days." "Oh, you should have said, dear! It would have been no trouble having you here a few days earlier. And I've told you multiple times to call me Molly." Laughing at her fake stern expression, I nodded. "Sorry Molly." "It's okay, dear. Fred and George are de-gnoming the garden if you're looking for them. Hermione arrived just a couple of hours before you did; her and Ron are up in his room if you'd rather see them." "Oh no, it's okay. I don't mind helping Fred and George. We don't get gnomes in our garden." The reason why was beyond me considering I couldn't remember the last time anyone in our family had actually done any gardening. It was the perfect place for gnomes, but they didn't seem to think so. "Would you like me to move my trunk?" "Oh, there's no need for you to do that, dear. I'll get Bill or Charlie to move it up to Ginny's room in a bit." "Okay, thanks Molly." I smiled, waving slightly as I walked out of the kitchen and into the garden, where, true to Molly's word, I saw Fred and George flinging multiple gnomes over the fence. "That was pitiful." I heard Fred say to his brother. "You barely got it past the stump." "You try getting it past that stump when the little git's holding onto your finger by its teeth." Snapped back George. Trying to be quiet and sneak up on them, I quickly lost the element of surprise as I tripped over a discarded bucket and fell flat on my face. Groaning, I raised my eyes to meet those of one of my best friends, George Weasley. "Why is it that every time I see you, you're tripping over something?" he laughed, helping me to my feet. "Because I am incredibly elegant and you just can't handle it." I replied, letting go of his hands to shove off Fred's arm which was now draped over my shoulders. "Of course, George. How could you not know that?" asked Fred, sending his brother a pointed look. Rolling his eyes, George grinned as we walked back towards where a line of gnomes were trying to sneak their way back into the garden. "So how long have you been here?" he asked, picking up a gnome and throwing it back over the fence. "About five minutes." I replied, grabbing my own gnome and twirling it over my head. "I was just talking to your mum." I frowned when I saw them stiffen at the mention of their mother. "What is it?" Fred mumbled something inaudibly. "What?" "We got into an argument." He said again, louder. "An argument?" I repeated, frowning. "Yeah. We'll tell you inside. It looks like mum's going to ask us to do more housework. Honestly, we've been doing it all morning…" Said George, grabbing my hand and pulling me quickly inside and upstairs to their room. I loved the twins' room. Filled with odd bits and bobs (most of which I had no idea what they even were), it was like an obstacle course to cross the floor without injuring yourself. Especially for me with my accident-prone self. Parts of the walls and floor were also covered with large, black burn marks from various accidents and explosions that had happened in the past, although I saw that a lot of them looked fairly recent. "So are you going to explain or what?" I asked, sitting myself down on George's bed. "We got our O.W.L results the other day." Started Fred, glumly. "And mum wasn't very impressed." Continued George. "Why?" I asked, half expecting the answer. "We only got three each." I nodded at his response. In all honesty, I knew the twins would not get a lot of O.W.L's. Not that I thought they that weren't smart- far from it- but they never focused on their school work as much as they did on other things. School work just didn't interest them; inventing their own joke-shop products did and it showed. "That's not too bad." I said, gently. "Try telling that to our mum." Muttered Fred, bitterly. "You'd have thought we'd have failed everything by the way she was going on about it." "She can't understand why we would want to open a joke shop." Explained George. "She wants us to work at the ministry like dad does and can't seem to get it into her head that we find it mind-numbingly boring." "What O.W.L's did you both get, anyway?" I asked, quite curious about the answer. "We both got defence and charms." Said George. "And I got transfiguration and George got herbology of all subjects…" said Fred, giving his twin an odd look. "No guesses to what you got though." He smirked, causing me to raise my eyebrows. "What is that supposed to mean?" I asked, cocking my head to the side. "Please." Scoffed George. "There is no doubt that you got all ten of your O.W.L's. At outstanding level." Trying to refrain from blushing, I smiled slightly while muttering, "I actually got exceeds expectations in history of magic and care of magical creatures…" "Whatever." Said Fred. "I seriously do not understand how you did that well. You barely did any more work than we did!" "Yeah, but I did listen in class." I countered. The twins merely glared at me. The next day, I was informed that Mr Weasley would be going to pick up Harry to bring him back to the Burrow. Upon asking who wanted to join him, me, Ron, Fred and George immediately walked over to where he was standing beside the fireplace because, you guessed it, we were going by floo powder. "This is going to be the perfect opportunity to try out one of our products." George whispered into my ear. I grinned up at him, highly aware of the faint blush covering my cheeks at his closeness. I'd always been a little closer to George than I had to Fred for reasons that eluded me. For some reason, I got along with George better, and he was always the one that I ended up going to when I needed any comfort of some sort. I confided in Fred too, of course, but I didn't think he understood me as well as George did. But I'd never blushed around him. "Which product?" I whispered back. "You'll see." Unfortunately for all of us, Mr Weasley had not planned our arrival very well. While he'd managed to connect Harry's fireplace to the Floo Network, he'd failed to realise that he didn't have an open fireplace, resulting in all of us piling up behind Harry's fireplace. Seeing as I was the one to follow Mr Weasley, I ended up squished up against his back as Fred appeared behind me. "Ouch!" shouted Mr Weasley, who was being pressed up against the fireplace. "Maisie, go back, oh! Fred, no- go back, go back, there's been some kind of mistake- tell George not to- OUCH! George, no, there's no room, go back quickly and tell Ron…" "Maybe Harry will hear us, dad- maybe he'll be able to let us out!" said Ron, who had flooed in before we could stop him. I was now beginning to feel very uncomfortable and I was pretty sure my foot was going numb. "Fred, seriously, you're elbowing me in the back!" I complained. "Are you sure it's my elbow, Maise?" he joked, causing me to try and move away while shouting (very loudly), "Ewww! Ew! Ew! Fred!" "I was joking! Geez…" "Harry! Harry! Let us out!" I yelled, with the others. "Get me out of here!" I let out a sigh of relief when I heard Harry on the other side of the fireplace. "Mr Weasley?" he called. "Can you hear me? Mr Weasley, it's Harry…the fireplace has been blocked up. You wont be able to get through here." "Damn!" said Mr Weasley, almost head butting me as he moved his head backwards. "What on earth did they want to block up the fireplace for?" "They've got an electric fire." "Really?" asked Mr Weasley, excitedly. I smiled at his enthusiasm. Despite being pure-blood myself,