Katniss tried to pretend that she was still asleep. It was when she was asleep that she would feel him wrap her in his arms, completely enveloping her in his embrace. He would press against her, and she would sometimes feel his longing for her. It both fascinated and terrified her and she never said anything about it, for he was sure to be mortified if she knew. But this morning she was so peaceful in his arms that she wanted to prolong it for as long as possible. So she kept her eyes shut and stayed till when he leaned up to check the time. "Ugh, already," she heard him whisper as he shook his head. "Can't time just freeze for us? Just this once?" She smiled in her "sleep", secretly agreeing. It was when they were awake that she felt the pull of feelings in all sorts of different ways and she didn't want to admit that she preferred when they slept, just lying together, completely oblivious of the world outside their train compartment. She felt him lie back down beside her and his breath on the back of her neck. "Katniss? Are you awake?" Oh. He knew. Perhaps he didn't. Perhaps she could go on pretending. "Katniss. We have to get up." He gave her a gentle shake and she let out a little moan. "I'm sorry to wake you but it's getting late. We need to get ready for the next district." "Mmm, it's ok. Has Effie been in yet?" "Not yet," he said quietly, watching her as she leaned up to stretch, her shirt rising just a little and revealing her bellybutton. She quickly pulled it down and turned to face him. His blazing blue eyes were full of adoration and sadness. "I'm glad you stayed," she whispered. He reached out, his hand shaking slightly, and brought it to her lips. He seemed to lose his nerve at the last minute and his hand fell to his side. "I have every night, haven't I?" "Yes. And I'm glad. Thank you." "It doesn't just help you, you know," he said, though he was smiling. "You keep those nightmares away quite well." "I'm glad we can help each other." He nodded. "Me too, Katniss." There was a knock at the door and he groaned. "Come on in." The door opened and Effie entered, her hand covering her eyes as her head was turned away. Peeta rolled his eyes. "Effie, we're decent. We haven't…we don't do anything but sleep!" "Oh yes yes dear, I know, but…well, right, on to it! Today is a big big day!" Peeta glanced sideways at Katniss, rolling his eyes and she smiled. "We finish up the speeches today and tomorrow we will be in the Capitol! Now, there is a slight change to the plans for tomorrow evening, after your engagement party. You have a…ahem, another engagement to attend after the party." "Ok," Peeta said, confused. Effie cleared her throat and seemed to be blushing. "Well, I mean…you'll both be…ah ha…" she let out a nervous giggle and both Peeta and Katniss raised their brows. Haymitch peered in and rolled his eyes. "Effie, go check on breakfast. Go on." Effie leaped to her feet and hurried out as fast as her ten inch heels would carry her. Haymitch cleared his throat. "Why don't you two, uh, get dressed and meet me in the dining car? There's something we need to discuss." "Haymitch?" Peeta's voice was laced with concern and when Haymitch's eyes met his, he was not comforted. Haymitch closed the door behind him and Katniss threw back the covers. "What do you think is wrong now?" "Could be Snow. Do you think we convinced him?" "I'm not sure what else we could do," Katniss said, shrugging. "But I guess we'll find out tomorrow night." He nodded. "I'll go get dressed. See you in a few minutes." She nodded and stayed very still as he leaned in and gently kissed her forehead. He gave her a sad smile before he left her compartment. She sighed and dressed quickly, feeling that spot on her forehead tingle. Why were feelings so complicated? Especially ones that involved Peeta? She entered the dining car so find Peeta already sitting, helping himself to a muffin. He smiled up at her and gestured toward the tray of pastries. "They're not as good as Dad's but they're alright." "Don't think I've ever had one of your dad's," she said, helping herself to a blueberry. "When we get back to 12, you'll have to come to the Bakery and try anything you want! I'll bake whatever you like." "I don't really know what I like," she said nervously. "I haven't had too many baked treats in my life." "I know. That's why I intend to fatten you up with sweets after we're married." She looked him in the eye and searched them for something to tell her she was making a mistake. But she could find none. He loved her as no one had ever loved her before. She felt so wrong and guilty of that love, for she could not for the life of her fathom her feelings for him. His eyes fell back down to the food but she kept her eyes on him. When Haymitch entered, he cleared his throat and sat across from them. "Look, I'm going to be straightforward with you kids. Your engagement party is to…well, show you off so to speak." Peeta frowned. "What's that supposed to mean?" "It means he is setting you up for bidders." Peeta went pale but Katniss looked baffled. "Bidders? For what?" "Haymitch," Peeta said nervously. "I've done everything I possibly can. The best I could do was make sure you two stay together." Peeta went even paler at this and he swallowed deeply. "Haymitch…I can't." "You have to, kid. For both your lives." "But-" "Will someone please tell me what is going on here," Katniss said crossly. Peeta couldn't look at her but Haymitch gave her a weak smile. "Always so pure," he said jokingly, which caused her to glare at him. "Alright sweetheart, it's like this. Capitol Victors are bought and sold in the Capitol. For one or two nights." Katniss's frown deepened. "What?" "That Odair kid you've heard so much about? He's their favorite Capitol darling. Snow sells the victors to the highest bidders." "You mean-?" "Most of the Victors are blackmailed or forced into this life. Some of us are lucky enough to avoid it." "They won't touch her," Peeta spat, finally speaking up. "I won't let it happen." " They won't," Haymitch said patiently. Peeta launched himself out of the chair and started to pace the room. Haymitch watched him for a moment before he turned back to Katniss. "Listen Katniss. You two are lucky. You don't have to be in this alone. Do you hear me, Peeta? You'll be together." "They can't make us do this," Peeta growled, his fists clenching by his side. "They can make you do pretty much anything they want, kid. I thought you'd learned that by now. If you want to keep your families safe, this is how it's going to be." "Haymitch," Katniss said quietly, bringing his attention back to her. "Peeta and I are being sold…to do what exactly?" Haymitch's face softened. "They want to watch the star-crossed lovers, sweetheart." Katniss felt sick to her stomach. She stumbled out of the chair and ran from the room, ignoring Haymitch's calls for her to come back. She slammed the door of her compartment behind her and sunk to the floor. She ignored Peeta's knocking and Effie calling her name. She somehow made it back to her bed and buried herself in the blankets. She'd be alright if she never made it out of that bed again. Several hours later, Effie was pounding on the door that she had to get ready for the District 1 Welcome Speech. Haymitch snapped at her to leave the girl alone and she later heard a gentler knocking. "Katniss please," Peeta pleaded through the door. "Talk to me!" When she did not answer, she heard his heavy sigh and a thud as if he had slammed his head against the door. "I'll find a way to fix this, Katniss. I swear it. I won't let this happen." And she heard his heavy footsteps trail away. She must have fallen asleep because she was jolted awake by a high-pitched scream and very angry yelling. She ran to the door and yanked it open. "You stupid idiot," Haymitch was yelling. "Are you insane? What the hell is the matter with you?" "Leave me the hell alone, Haymitch," came Peeta's angry reply. Katniss ran to his compartment and gripped the door tightly at the sight that met her. Peeta was lying flat on his back, his bleeding arm stretched out beside him. Haymitch hovered over the bed, looking poised to attack and Effie looked as if she was about to faint. "What's going on?" Haymitch turned to her and gave Peeta a disgusted look. "You try to talk some sense into the dumbass! I'm going to find a drink!" The door slammed behind him and Katniss winced. Peeta wouldn't look at her as he struggled to get up. Katniss's wide eyes traveled over him and took in a dull knife on the floor, specks of red on the carpet, and thick bandages that seemed to be stemming the gore coming from his wrist. Her stormy eyes met his and they darkened. "What did you do," she said in a dangerous whisper. "It was all I could think of," he said weakly. "They would have to report my death and that would null the contract for you. Since you would be in mourning for your fiancé, they wouldn't force you into anything anytime soon. Snow might even take pity on you and leave you alone-" SMACK. Katniss's palm stung and Peeta blinked his eyes as he massaged his jaw. "Ok. And that right there tells me I was doing the right thing." "First off, I want you to listen to yourself when you say SNOW will take pity on ME? That's laughable. Secondly, am I really understanding that you tried to kill yourself? After all that we went through in the Games? Is it really that easy?" "Katniss, if I had just eaten those berries, we wouldn't be here." His head hung low and he squeezed his eyes shut, blinking back tears. "No. WE wouldn't." He looked up at her, misery etched in every line of his handsome face. Katniss gave him a hard glare. "You're so concerned what happens to me but did you ever think about what that would have meant? To me, I mean? You leave me alone, I'd have no one to protect me like you have. No one to chase away my nightmares. No one to love me as fiercely as you have. No one to endure this hell with. I'd be all alone. I'd go crazy, like Annie Cresta. I'd be bought and sold all over the Capitol. Forced to be with one rich man after another. Thinking of you, crying out for you, while they use my body. Is that what you want? Is that how you want me to prove how much you mean to me? You can't-you don't-" Peeta pulled her shaking body into his arms and stroked her hair, his tears wetting her shirt. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, Katniss. I wasn't thinking-" "Damn you, Peeta," she gasped, holding him tightly. "I'm sorry. I just can't bear the thought of having to do this to you. I…I can't." "I cannot handle the idea of losing you," she said choking back a sob. "I won't." "You won't lose me. I'm right here. I'm with you, always." "Don't ever leave me." "I won't. I won't ever leave you." He held her until she had cried all her tears,