It's now been nearly 7 months since that terrible day in the Capitol. I keep tally with my blood. The pain I feel as the blade slices my skin is jarring but at least I know it's real and it keeps me in the present. It's how Peeta focused on staying with me. Peeta. I haven't seen or heard from him since that day. That day when I assassinated the new president of Panem and he stopped me from taking my life. I can still remember the way his fingers wrapped around the pill, the sight of his usually bright blue eyes, now dull and sad, gazing at me with something of shock and anger. I still can't figure out why he stopped me. That crazy therapist from 13, Dr. Aurelius, calls me at least twice a day, thinking I actually want to talk to him. I don't talk to anyone. Not Sae or Haymitch or my mom when she calls (which she doesn't really). I've slipped slowly into madness, sitting here in this chair in this empty house feeling the grief weigh down upon me like a stone city falling to ruin. My sister. The only person I had to live for, to protect, to fight for, is gone. It's all my fault. All of it is, really. That's why I haven't left the house either. I don't want to see the ashes of my district, burned because of me. The ashes of my neighbors and friends. Merchant Circle, where Peeta grew up, the bakery he worked in with his family, completely burned to the ground. It's my fault. It's all my fault. I glance to the side to the huge pile of mail that Sae brought when she came to cook breakfast. I see several from Annie Cresta, or Odair I remind myself, my mother, who has gone to District 4, Plutarch Heavensbee, one from President Paylor (wonder what she could want) and even one from Johanna Mason. None from Gale. None from Peeta. It's likely they've both forgotten about me. Gale went off to 2 with a fancy government job, Sae tells me. Peeta…I don't know what happened to Peeta. Haymitch said he stayed in the Capitol to get better but that was months ago. Surely he didn't want to stay there, where our lives were destroyed. The mail keeps piling up because I don't leave this chair. My hair is matted and at strange lengths; my body is destroyed, entwined by ribbons of scorching fire, the one that claimed my sister. I haven't bathed in weeks and I know I must smell worse than Haymitch now. My mouth feels like I have been chewing on cotton even though I managed to swallow a few bites of eggs and bread that Sae cooked this morning; it all tasted like sandpaper. If I sit in this chair long enough, I'll just die and then I can see my sister and my father again. Sae screamed at me when she first found me here; how I was wasting away and I needed to fight it. Trouble is, I have been fighting my entire life. I'm tired of fighting. I'm tired of it all. Just let me fade into peace. I hear a shoveling noise right outside my window and I perk up, my eyes narrowing in suspicion. I wrap the blanket around myself and trudge to the door. It can't be. I know that mop of blonde curls anywhere. He pauses to wipe the sweat from his bow and bends over, his shirt riding up and exposing his ribs. He looks healthy. Stronger. Healed. I push the door open and stand on my porch, watching him for a moment. His shoulders tense, as if he knows he is being watched, and he slowly rises to his feet. I see a shovel in one hand and some sort of plant in his other. He turns to face me and I feel his wide eyes on me. The blanket drags the ground as I climb down the steps and approach him. I need to see him closer. I need to be sure this isn't some kind of dream or vision. I need to be sure he is really here. I stop in front of him and his eyes travel me up and down. Suddenly I feel very self conscious and fight to smooth my hair down. "You're back," I finally speak, needing to break this awful silence between us. He nods. "Doctor Aurelius wouldn't let me leave the Capitol until I was fully healed. By the way, he said to tell you he can't keep pretending he's treating you forever. You have to pick up the phone." I nod and glance down at the plant in his hand. His eyes follow mine and he holds it up. "It's, uh, evening primrose. I found them by the forest and thought…we could plant them. Here. For her." I want to pull him into my arms and never let go. Instead, I take a step backwards. He grips the shovel and shifts from side to side. I wrap my arms around myself and stare at the ground. He doesn't speak or even move. The silence is too much for me and I turn and run back into the house. I don't look back to see if he is following but I seriously doubt it. I've run from him too many times in the past; I imagine he is as tired of it as I am. I run straight upstairs and jump into the shower. I feel so much better once the scalding water touches my skin and I scrub myself clean. My hair is a tragic mess, at different lengths from the fire but I do my best with it once it is dry. A glance out the window tells me Peeta is finished planting the primroses and is gone. I don't know when I'll see him again. If I'll see him again. He was trying to do something nice and I ran from him, as usual. I get the surprise of my life when I hear a knock on the door that night and I fling it open to find Peeta on my doorstep. He clutches a basket and grins sheepishly. "I hope you don't mind…Sae invited me over for dinner." "I don't mind," I stand aside to let him in and he stands in my doorway, looking tense. "Um, Sae might be a little late. She, uh, had to pick up her granddaughter." I nod and he fingers the basket. "OK. Um…well, come on inside. Sae has been doing the cooking so I don't-" "I can cook us something, if you like. In case she doesn't get here soon." He walks into my kitchen as if he owns the house and I remember the layouts of our houses are the same. He sets the basket down and opens the cabinets. "I, um…I don't have much," I say with a shrug. "I haven't really left the house." "I assumed that when I saw you this afternoon," he says quietly. I run my fingers through my hair and clear my throat. He cocks his head, as if he is studying me. "You look better." "I feel better." He gives me something of a smile and nudges the basket. "I brought these over. I remembered how much you like them." I move the towel aside and my eyes widen and then start to water. Cheesebuns. I made him make these for me so many times in the past and they quickly became my favorite food. My hand dives into the basket and I just now register my stomach growling loudly. His brow quirks up and he looks mildly amused. "That should tide you over while I make dinner." "I don't know what you'll find to make," I say, my mouth overflowing with cheesebun. "As far as I know, Sae just brings the food over." "We have a few things here. And you have lots in the fridge. How about spaghetti with this deer meat you have?" I don't know where the meat came from but I nod eagerly and he sets to work. I sit on the stool, chewing on a cheesebun and watching him move around my kitchen. His hair is longer, hanging in his face and his eyes are brighter than I remember. He rolls his sleeves up and I can see where the fire blazed across his skin. His scars aren't as bad as mine but they still look red and raw. He has a slight limp, due to his prosthetic and he hasn't regained the broad shoulders and chest from our training. Months in the Capitol, being starved and beaten and tortured, changed him. In more ways than one. I saw the physical and the mental torture and it killed me inside. So many times; I wished he had succeeding in murdering me. Peeta moves purposefully across the kitchen and opens more cabinets. He taps his chin and cocks his head. I study every movement closely. I've missed everything about him, I discover. The way he clicks his tongue when he is thinking, the unruly blonde curls, the way he whispers to himself when he cooks or bakes; I find myself missing other things, like the way his arms felt around me or the way his lips pressed against my forehead. The way his hands felt in my hair or his steady breathing when he slept. I shake myself and he glances at me from across the room. "You ok?" "Fine. You sure you don't need any help?" "I'm ok. It's nice to be able to make dinner for more than just me. I wonder when Sae will be here though. Should we make extra for her?" "I don't think she'll eat much. She really only comes to force me to…um, to cook for me and then she leaves." His lips tighten for a moment and I swallow. He goes back to the stove and I lean my elbows on the table. "When did you come back, Peeta?" "I've been home a few days," he says, his back turned to me. "I kind of holed myself up in kitchen, baking, until I felt ready to leave the house. I wasn't sure how to…I wasn't really sure if you would like to see me or not so I was trying to keep my distance and give you some space." He stirs the pasta and there is the silence again. I clear my throat and he glances over his shoulder but doesn't speak. "Thank you," I say quietly and he lifts the bowl off the stove. He flings the potholders aside and turns to face me. He sighs deeply and I chew my thumbnail for a moment, feeling his gaze boring into me. Finally I can't take it anymore. I jump up from the stool so quickly that it falls to the floor with a clang; I run to him and fling my arms around his neck, burying my face in his shirt. I feel his arms hover for a moment before they close around me. "I'm so sorry, Katniss," his voice is muffled by my shoulder. I don't know if he is saying it because of Prim or because he almost killed me or because of how we turned out. I don't care; I sob into his shirt and his arms tighten around me. It's warm and familiar; it feels like coming home. We hear the door snap behind us and we spring apart. Peeta rushes to the window and grunts. "Spy," he says as he shakes his head before he turns back to me. "I don't think Sae is joining us for dinner." "I'm sure she's grateful to someone else for cooking." He smiles and moves back to the stove. I join him, pulling plates out of the cabinet and our hands brush as he serves the food. We talk quietly