I shudder at the silence. Tense, awkward silence that I don't know how to banish or break. I glance sideways and see Peeta continue to quietly dry the dishes that I hand him. He insisted on helping me and after I refused several times, I just gave up and let him help. Greasy Sae left awhile ago. I guess she thought we would want to talk. But so far it's just been this. Silence. That's what greets me every morning, for several weeks since he has been back. I had hoped we could talk and start to heal. But all it is, is silence. I clear my throat and he starts but he still doesn't say anything. "Um," I finally choke out, my eyes on his still form. "Th-thank you. For the cheese buns." He nods slowly. "They're your favorite. Real or not real?" I close my eyes. I hate this game. We thought this up during the War, when we were in the Capitol and he was having trouble with what was real and what wasn't. Now he's here, in my kitchen, playing the same damn game. Because his mind is still torn apart. He still has trouble differentiating what's happened and what the Capitol planted in his mind. And I'm the only person who can help him piece it together but I'm just too damaged to actually do it. "Real," is all I say and he nods again. When I hand him the last plate, he carefully wipes it dry and returns it to the cabinet. I watch him wipe his hands on the towel and then he picks up his bag from the floor. "I should get home. I'll see you tomorrow, Katniss." I nod, my throat too dry to say anything. He doesn't even look at me as he opens the door and exits my house. I watch him through the window as he makes his way back to his own house, right across from mine, and I fight the tears that have been threatening to spill for days now. I hate this. Why am I not dead? I should be dead. It would be better for everyone if I were dead. No one needs me. The only person I was surviving for was Prim and now… Now the tears fall. I fall to the couch but miss it, and instead, hit the floor. I don't even wince as my kneecap shatters against the wood planks. I barely register the pain. The pain is welcome. It keeps me sane. Isn't that what Peeta told me once, in the Capitol? He insisted on being handcuffed and insisted that the pain helped him focus and stay in the present. But I don't want to stay in the present. I shouldn't even be alive. I should be dead, and my sister should be living the life I now have. My beautiful, brave, sweet little sister, whose life was robbed too soon. Whose life was possibly robbed by my best friend. The bombs that had murdered my sister were created by the man I had once called my only friend. I haven't seen that man in months. He moved to District 2, and hasn't once checked on me. I can't say I blame him. I doubt anyone truly cares if I live or die. If I die, it's just another story for Panem. The Mockingjay passes. The Girl on Fire is extinguished. What did Haymitch tell me when he brought me back to 12? "We all deal with grief in our own way, mockingjay, and you need to find your own way." What if I don't want to deal with it? What if it's too much to deal with? After hours of being here on the floor, I find that I don't want to be alone. I think about visiting my mentor but remember is probably passed out in a drunken slumber again. Sae is probably at the Hob. Hazelle is busy with her new job. That leaves one person. Struggling to my feet, I pick up my jacket and wrap it tightly around my thin frame. When I go outside, I shiver and pull it tighter around me. My father's warmth envelops me and I make my way over to Peeta's house. I knock on the door several times and hear nothing. I decide I should just return to my house and endure the loneliness but then I feel fear. What if something has happened to him? What if he went into a flashback and hurt himself? I try the knob and it creaks open. I step inside and look around. "Peeta?" I continue to call his name as I tentatively walk through his house. As I climb the stairs, I remember that I should not be here. This is not my house and I am invading on his privacy. Still, I want to make sure he is alright. When I get to the top of the stairs, I think I hear voices coming from the room across from me. The door is open and I peer inside. It is clearly Peeta's studio. There are easels and paints and thousands of pictures strewn around the room. An easel is set up in the middle of the room and Peeta sits in a chair, his arms wrapped around himself and rocking back and forth. His eyes are closed and he is muttering to himself. I don't want to surprise him so I knock on the door gently and say his name. His eyes shoot open and he looks taken aback but not angry. "Katniss. What are you doing here?" "I…I'm sorry. I knocked but you didn't answer…I just…I just wanted…" "What did you want?" He looks curious as he blinks his brilliant blue eyes up at me. They are much clearer than I remember. The anger and hatred are gone but there is still a sadness clouding them. "I just wanted to make sure you were ok." I see him exhale and he rises from his chair. "I'm fine. I didn't hear you knock, I'm sorry. But um, you should probably go." He glances quickly back at his painting and then back at me. I bite my lip and take a step back. From the looks of his flushed face and his damp curls, he is fighting a flashback. Who knows how long he has before he wants to rip out my throat? Should I insist on staying and just let him kill me? No, I chastise myself. If Peeta woke up to find that he had murdered me, he would not be able to live with himself. Even the Peeta who is filled with poison and hate could not bring himself to take my life. "Are you sure," I ask in a very meek voice. His brow raises and I shuffle my feet. "I mean, I was just…really lonely. I don't want you to be feeling the same." He cocks his head at me and looks considering but then he glances at his painting again and looks guilty. I frown at his reaction. "What are you working on?" "What I'm always working on. My nightmares." Before he can stop me, I move around to look. At first I'm horrified. But then, I sort of expected it. This is how he sees me. With red eyes, dripping fangs, beautiful but deadly. I think there is blood on my claws. Probably from ripping out a heart, maybe his. He stands there watching me, waiting for a reaction. I feel my heart falling out of my chest. I can't stop the heavy breathing or the damn tears. "Katniss?" "I…I should go." I move to leave but he grabs my hand. "Katniss, I just paint what I see. It's a nightmare but it's not how I see you anymore." "In your sleep you do," I say and I hate how weak my voice sounds. "In your dreams, I'm this heartless creature who will torment you and destroy you. The poison that floods through your veins will never let your heart beat like it once did for me. You will never be my Peeta again." His hand on mine shakes and his eyes well up with tears. Way to go, Katniss. Hurt him. Again. Just like you always do. "I'm…I'm trying, Katniss. But you know so much has changed-" "I know. That's why I don't blame you, Peeta. It's my fault. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry." Blinking back tears, I run from the room and the horrible paintings. I ignore his pleading voice as I run back to my own house. I half expect him to follow me but I am relieved when he isn't. And then once I'm inside, I remind myself that he is tired. He is exhausted from running after me, as he has always done. And why should he? Peeta was everything that's good and perfect in this messed up world and thanks to me, he has been destroyed. He has been changed. He can try, as he says he is, but he will never be the same. And it's that thought that makes me grab my hunting knife from my bag and go upstairs. I stand in front of my bathroom mirror and stare at my reflection. I stare for so long that my face becomes just a jumble of shapes. My hands go to my clothes and then they drop to the floor. I continue to stare at my naked form. A fire-mutt. That's what I am. The burn scars wrap around my body, which is thin and I see my ribs poking out. They travel up my arms and my neck and then make their way down my stomach and stop around my knees. My hair is starting to grow back but still too short for a braid. My eyes are grey and dull and even lifeless. Dark circles show underneath and my face looks thin and exhausted. My eyes travel over my form and I shake my head. What could Peeta ever see in me? What could anyone ever see in a fire-mutt like me? I pick up the knife and study the ridged blade. My father gave this knife to me, years ago. When I first learned how to hunt. I think of my father, and how he never made it out of that mine. I think of Prim, her sweet lovely face catching fire. I think of Finnick and the look in his sea-green eyes as the mutts decapitated him. I think of Rue, who was too young and too much like my sweet Prim. I think of Cinna and the beauty that he created with a piece of fabric, that ultimately ended him. I think of Annie, who is raising her son without a father. I think of Johanna, who is forever changed from the Capitol. I think of my mother, with a look of permanent grief etched on her face. I think of all of the ones I killed in the Games, all the people who stood by my side and died in the Capitol, all of the people who fought and lost their lives in the War. And lastly, I think of my boy with the bread. How haunted he looked when he first came to 13, how his hands felt around my throat, how my lips felt against his, how his hands shook in mine. How he stares at me from across the table every morning when he and Sae come for breakfast. How he looked at me just a few moments ago, when I saw the painting. He will never love me again. He will never be the same again. The boy with the bread is gone. And it's my fault. He would never have been taken, if weren't for me. I had the chance to marry him and be a good little wife. Maybe I would have eventually discovered what I now know. That I love him. That