A/N: Alright, here it is, the sequel to "Young Blood." If you are just coming across this fic and haven't read "Young Blood," then go to my page and find the link there. And for those of you who have read "Young Blood," this story starts roughly five years later. So enjoy! And as always, your feedback is appreciated. Review, comment, or message me what you think! In this part of the story I am the one who Dies, the only one, and I will die of love because I love you, Because I love you, Love, in fire and blood. - Pablo Neruda, Sonnet LXVI She crunched through the newly fallen snow softly, early on that winter morning. She was grateful that she'd let her hair grow long, as it – tucked into her down coat – warmed her back. She thought of how much Peeta enjoyed running his fingers through the long, dark strands. How his face would light up as she unbraided it, her hair cascading over her shoulders and nearing her waist now. She had it trimmed two or three times a year, Greasy Sae making her sit still on a tall kitchen stool while the older woman went to it with a pair of sharp scissors. She remembered how he had begged her to keep it long the first time she noticed the fraying, dry ends and mentioned needing it cut. So she gave in, as she was wont to do, and told Sae "just the ends." She couldn't resist his bright blue eyes, the smile that seemed to continually play on his lips even when he was upset. It comforted her to feel the weight of her hair – she'd left it unbraided that day, knowing she'd need the extra warmth – as she trekked through the snow-covered forest, thinking of him. Her breath ghosted around her face as she set a quick pace, despite her boots sinking a few inches into the snow with each step. Her pack wasn't heavy, nor her quiver of arrows, but the combination of her burdens, along with the layers she wore, weighed her down. But she wouldn't have traded the cold, silent world of the woods for the warmth of her hearth – unless he was there. But no, he was busy at the bakery, had left to start the fires before she even stirred. Marc was home with Anabel, who had a bad case of the flu after giving birth to their second child just weeks earlier. It was a girl, and they had named her Adelaide – or Addie, for short. While she was healthy, and strong, Anabel had quickly become weak, and then ill. Katniss thought of the young woman's happy laugh and sweet spirit and prayed silently that Anabel would recover. Peeta poured himself into his work in Marc's absence. He hadn't taken a day off in quite some time. She paused to study a set of paw prints in the snow. They were quite fresh, though she wasn't sure if it had been minutes or hours since the animal had passed that way. The snow had stopped falling sometime in the night, so there was no new precipitation to cover up the tracks. She studied them closely, noting the size and shape. Each paw print was the size of her palm, the four toe prints spread evenly around the pad. There were no visible claw marks, and Katniss knew they hadn't been made by some large dog. The tracks were solitary, so the chance that it was a wolf or wild dog further diminished, as they would have most likely been traveling in a pack. No, the tracks had been made by some large feline. They were too large to have been made by a bobcat, but were too small for a mountain lion. Katniss was suddenly thrust into a memory from long ago. She had been twelve at the time, trying to survive on the meager tesserae she had signed up for and her skill with a bow. Gale Hawthorne had run across her in the woods one day, and though they had met years earlier when both their fathers had been killed in the mine explosion, he had finally asked her name. It wasn't true shyness, more like reservation, her need to be alone, and the fact that she hadn't spoken to anyone in the woods since her father died that made her voice come out so soft. So soft that he – his voice already deep, despite the fact that he was only fourteen – laughed when he thought she said "Catnip." She had scowled at him, corrected him countless times, but the nickname stuck after a large lynx started following her around, mostly for handouts. The animal had come across her snares – the ones he had shown her how to set – and had made quick work of a few rabbits. She remembered how it would follow her, always close but hardly ever in sight, until she would climb a tree. She had been scared at first – though she would never admit it to Gale – the large, gray cat circling the tree, its bright gold eyes watching her. She had thrown it a squirrel, then a rabbit, until it picked up the game and slinked off happily. She had thought that would be the end of it, but the lynx would find her at least once a week after that, prowling after her until she was unable to catch any prey. She had been sad to kill the large cat, but had no other choice. Of course she had set the line of her mouth straight, kept her emotions in check around Gale, lest she be seen as weak. His gray eyes were hard and a sly smile spread across his face when he saw the predator, dead. He carried its heavy body for her until the woods gave way to more traveled paths. When she sold the pelt for a decent price, she had tried to split the money with him, but he had given her a steely look and refused. That had been nearly twelve years ago. Twelve years – half of her life. She wondered if the lynx that had made tracks in the snow was a descendant of the one she had killed all those years ago. She followed the tracks for some time, but the cat eluded her. She turned back once the sun was high in the sky, the snow sparkling around her. Her pack was still empty of game, but she didn't mind. The winter had been mild so far, and she had shot plenty of prey earlier in the season. More and more people had started hunting, so that Mayor Thom had been forced to implement stricter rules. That had been a few years back, as animal populations had begun to dwindle once more. Now, with people having to sign up and pay for licenses and facing hefty fines if they were caught hunting or selling game without one, the wild animal populations were bouncing back. She shot three squirrels that afternoon, and checked her snares. She smiled to herself when she thought about Thom, who was now serving his second consecutive term as mayor. His wedding to Leevy was less than two weeks away, and Katniss was glad that it was someone else's elaborate ceremony and not hers. Had it been any other couple in town, they might have had a quiet toasting and small reception. But because Thom was the mayor, he had been pressured into having a larger ceremony. Katniss was thankful that she and Peeta would merely be guests. There would be no film crews, no stylists or designers from the Capitol – though Leevy had ordered a very beautiful gown from there and had it tailored to fit. Katniss was happy for the couple and their winter wedding. She'd even accompanied Leevy to several dress fittings over the past few months. Peeta was going to make the couple's wedding cake, and Katniss was sure it would be as exquisite – and as delicious – as their own had been. She thought it odd, the way time passed now. Each year seemed to go by quicker than the last. Five and a half years had elapsed since she had walked down the aisle in front of hundreds. Since she and Peeta had exchanged vows and rings, eaten cake and danced under the large white tent. Five and a half years since she had last seen her mother, and Gale Hawthorne. She still kept in touch with the older woman over the phone, calling her at least once a week. Hazelle had started writing to her shortly after the wedding, and Katniss received letters from her every few months, telling of Rory and Vick and Posy's accomplishments. Sometimes she mentioned Gale, but Katniss would skim over those parts, her mind blocking out the words. Rory had finished school and was now the same age that Gale had been during the rebellion. She wondered if he had the same smoldering eyes, the same strong jaw. He was working with Gale now, she knew, but Hazelle had been vague about the specific nature of their work. Maybe she didn't know. Or maybe she purposefully left out the details, for Katniss's sake. Vick and Posy were still in school. Little Posy was thirteen, which Katniss could scarcely believe. Hazelle's only daughter was now the same age Prim had been when– Katniss shook the thought from her head. No length of time could ever heal that wound completely. It was not aching and raw anymore, no. Instead, it crept up on Katniss like the long claws of winter. At first it was a thought, like a mere nagging chill. Then it became a slow, seeping sadness – a deeper cold – until she was enveloped by it, some days crippled by the sorrow of her sister never living to see the end of the rebellion, the rebuilding of the district. It was like the true cold that went straight to the bone, that knocked the breath from her lungs the moment she tried to inhale. But Peeta was there to be the shining sun that brought warmth into her life, that pulled her out of the chasm of sorrow and loss. He had lost his entire family in the firebombing of District Twelve, but he dealt with that pain in his own way, finding refuge in his work. Whether it was baking or painting, he would throw himself into it completely, not emerging until he could do so with a smile on his face and a bright look in his eyes. He was stronger than she had ever imagined. She thought about the blond-haired boy she'd seen on Reaping Day, his face red and puffy and tear-stained after they had said their goodbyes. She had kept her emotions in check that day. But now she was Mrs. Mellark, who had days where it took every ounce of willpower just to get out of bed. But winter was a good season for Katniss. She enjoyed the quiet of the woods blanketed in snow. Enjoyed taking her time plodding through the thick substance. Despite the shorter days, there was something calming about a world covered in white, the feel of a warm cup of tea in her hands after hours in the cold. Peeta, on the other hand, struggled with the cold, his left leg throbbing when the temperature dropped. His prosthesis would grow so cold that he had to remove it some nights before slipping into bed beside her. He looked so damaged those nights, empty space where the rest of his leg should have been, pink and white scars swirling across his forehead, back, and shoulders. If the disfigurement bothered him, he never let on about it. He was still young and handsome, despite his marred skin and