"Hey, you ok?" I slowly opened my eyes to see that I was collapsed on the floor of the great hall with everyone staring at me. I lift my head up and a sharp pain shoots through the side which I landed on when I fell. I turn my head, gently, from side to side, to see the goblet of fire blazing with blue flames behind me and I'm reminded of what just happened. That's right! I was using my magic to chose the champions for the Tri Wizard Tournament from the goblet. I'd chosen the three champions but then, it went dark. I could hear a voice speaking parseltongue in my ear and I fell to my knees. I was unknowingly choosing a fourth champion. Shit! It was Harry! I entered Harry into the tournament! Fuck, he's not gonna be happy with me about that. The name was shot out of the flames and that's when the voice stopped and I collapsed. I wonder how long I've been passed out? It can't have been that long. Everyone but the three...four champions are still here in the hall looking at me with what? Concern? Fear? Confusion? Actually, it looks like a mix of all of them. I'm especially surprised to see Draco in front of me. The blonde extends a hand for me to take and he helps me stand but I'm so weak that I collapse again. He catches me this time and picks me up. I'd forgotten how strong he was; he did this the first time I fell off my broom. That wasn't long after we met in our first year at Hogwarts. It wasn't hard to tell that he felt something for me when we first looked at each other but until this day, I still can't tell what he feels for me. My eyes are closed in his comforting arms, I hear footsteps approach and a voice, that sounds like professor Snape, giving Draco some kind of instructions. It's too mixed up for me to determine what he says but before I can think about what's been said, I see Draco nod and he carries me out of the great hall toward the Slytherin common room. I'm not a Slytherin at all, I'm a Gryffindor. The other Slytherins won't be happy to see me in their common room. I hear Pansy Parkinson, a Slytherin and a admirer of Draco, protest in disgust that I'm here. Draco hisses something back in response and she says no more. He leads me up to one of the dorms, I think. But it's different. Most dorms have four or five beds but this room just has one. I realise now that this is probably a private bedroom that Draco has. He gently places me down on the deep green covers and he squats down next to the bed. He mumbles something in a soft, smooth voice. I try desperately to make out what he said but, all too soon, I'm passed out again on the bed. ~ I wake with a jolt from a nightmare I was having about Harry getting hurt in the tournament and that parseltongue voice telling me that it's all my fault. "Hey, hey, it's okay. You were just having a nightmare". I look to my side and see Draco kneeling next to the bed; he's removed his robes and shoes so he's only wearing a white shirt open at the collar, black jeans and a belt. His hair is slightly messier than usual but nonetheless blonde. He's carefully dabbing a wet towel on my forehead and speaking softly, as if to a child, telling me that it's okay and that he's here. "Draco?" I mumble as I try to sit up on the deep green duvet. "Hey sleepyhead" he smiles at me as I open my eyes fully and look around. "Here" he hands me an orange drink that I tentatively sip. Mmmmm pumpkin juice. I finish the rest of the drink quickly and smile in appreciation at the grinning blonde. He takes the empty glass from me and walks to the other side of the room to place it down. "You'll need these" he says to me. He places two towels and what looks like a set of pyjamas at the end of the bed. I look up at him in confusion. "The bathroom is through there, call when you've finished" he says whilst gesturing towards a door on the left side of me. I continue to look even more confused. Why is he telling me to shower here? Why didn't he bring me back to my own common room? I don't understand. "Professor Snape told me to look after you" he says gently, "so that's what I'm doing" he smiles and blushes slightly as he says this. I understand now. It seems reasonable I suppose. I decide not to argue and just look up at him and say "thank you". He blushes again and starts to move towards the room door. He looks back at me as I climb off the bed. "Remember, call when you're finished" I nod in agreement and with that, he leaves. I finish my shower and quickly wrap one of the pale green towels that Draco gave me around myself. God, does everything have to be green here? I decide to plait my wet hair to keep it out of the way and I change into the pyjamas that were also given to me by Draco. They're way too big for me but baggy clothing is better than going out there naked I guess. I walk out the bathroom and head towards the bedroom door. I can hear Draco breathing on the opposite side. I knock quietly on my side and say "I'm finished". He efficiently enters the room again, obvious concern etched on his face. I can tell it's from me fainting, so I try to reassure him. "Look, I'm fine ok? I just had a fall that's all" I say in a quiet but confident voice. He just sighs and says "is that why you're bleeding then?" What? Where am I bleeding from? I frantically pat myself down trying to find the source of the bleeding. I find the tender spot on the side of my head and I find that I've ripped the skin slightly. I'm only bleeding a little but Draco takes this opportunity to treat me like a patient who's dying. "I'm fine. Really, I've had much worse injuries than this", my mind travels back to my third year in Hogwarts and the scars that professor Lupin gave me on my arms and legs when he transformed, I shudder at the memory and I can tell that Draco is remembering the exact same event. His words come back to me when I was in the hospital, "you've done it now Potter! She'll have those scars for life now because of you", he always fought with Harry, but that was the first time it was on my behalf. That's when I properly knew that he felt something for me. "Hey! Earth to Katheryn?", I come back to the present and see Draco clicking his fingers whilst holding a small cotton bud in the other hand. "Antiseptic" he explains, he gently pats the cotton on my scrape and an involuntary giggle escapes me as I remember that I've come to think of him as my personal nurse because of how much he dotes on me. "What's so funny?", he asks, finally smiling, oh how I love that smile. "Nothing" I remark, "I just have to remember to be safe around Doctor Malfoy" I joke. "Doctor?", he says confused, "you mean my mother?", I burst out laughing at his remark, he always makes me laugh, if not always on purpose. "No I mean you Draco, you always look after me like my personal doctor". He gives me a very shy and embarrassed smile and continues to treat my graze, I love that smile on his. Draco finishes his handiwork and discards the used cotton bud in the nearby bin. "Bed" he instructs and tilts his chin towards the king sized bed in the middle of the room. "I can sleep in my own dorm Draco" I tell him, because it's true. There's no need for me to stay here when I'm perfectly capable of taking care of myself in my own dorm room. A fleeting look of disappointment crosses Darcos gentle face and realisation hits me like a dragon wing: he wants me to stay here so he can make sure I'm fine. I look up at him and my realisation is confirmed by his concerned eyes. "Please", he whispers gently and it's not a request but a plea. Woah, he really is worried about me. "Okay I'll sleep here tonight" I say with a gentle smile and I'm rewarded with his look of "thank merlin for that". "But", I say and his eyes dart to mine, "I want you to stay with me". Tonight, I've decided that I'm going to find out the feelings he has for me. With barely any hesitation he says in a clear voice, "I won't leave you unless you ask me to" and those words nearly knock me off balance. What? Where did that come from? Before he can say anything else I slip under the emerald green silk covers and leave one corner open as an invitation for him to lie down next to me. He does so quickly and switches off the main light so our only light source is the soft glow of a snake shaped lamp in the far corner of the room, great, that's gonna give me nightmares. I hear Darcos gentle breathing in front of me and I turn to face him. There is still so much worry etched on his sculptures face and in his deep green eyes. How do I make it leave? And inspiration hits me. I decide to take a leap and I slowly bring my hand up to his face to move some stray blonde hairs away from his eyes and then I let my hand rest on his cheek. His skin is so much softer than I would've thought and his cheekbones and jaw are so prominent. Slowly, I start to move my thumb up and down his cheek. Without me noticing, he brings his hand up to meet mine and holds my wrist whilst leaning his head into my hand. He closes his eyes as if absorbing the feeling and I'm even more confused. I'm about to ask the question that's been burning inside me ever since I fainted when he suddenly whispers "I've wanted you to touch me like this for so long Katy". I'm so thrown by his declaration that before I can process the words, I blurt out "what do you mean?". His eyes fly open but when he looks into mine, they soften again and he gives me his shy smile again. "You've been oblivious to my feelings for you for years haven't you?", he asks. I shake my head slowly, "I've always known that you had feelings for me, I just couldn't figure out what feelings they were" I inform him. He slowly pulls my hand away from his face and says in an oh-so gentle voice, "I love you Katy and I'm going to do this to prove it to you". Suddenly, he moves his face closer to mine and before I can anticipate what he's going to do, I feel his soft, warm lips on mine. What? WHAT? He's kissing me? Draco Malfoy, the moody heartthrob of Hogwarts is kissing ME? I decide to close my eyes quickly, trying to process this. Secretly, I've wanted to kiss those lips for years but it never seemed appropriate but now, now I don't know. He moves back when he's finished and I open my eyes to see him blushing with expectant