Hello my beloved readers. This is the first Harry Potter multi-chapter story that I have written, so go easy on me :P This is my very first Vampire!Harry story, and I've had it on my hard drive for so long that I felt it was time to really get back to it. As always, all Harry Potter names and places belong to the very talented JK Rowling, I merely borrow her wonderful characters for my own amusement. No copyright infringement is intended. Sumus Noctis Chapter One Harry danced around Hermione, serving the waiting witches and wizards their drinks in the nightclub they owned together: Sumus Noctis. For two years their nightclub had been thriving and with a huge capacity in space, they were still packed out most nights. Though it was a club that sold Muggle drinks, they catered purely to magical beings, not limited to witches and wizards. After the war had ended, Harry had really struggled to find something to do with himself, preparing for the war was all he had known. Even though no one had really started training him until his fifth year, he had been fighting Voldemort since his first year at Hogwarts. Well, before even then if you counted the night of Halloween in 1981 when Harry's parents had been murdered, with fifteen month old Harry to go the same way. Professor Quirrel had been their Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher, but he was hiding a deadly secret, for he had shared his body with Lord Voldemort's soul. Unable to take human form after Harry had defeated him at the age of one, he had no alternative but to join his soul with another's body. Going after the Philosopher's Stone; Harry, Ron and Hermione had gone after him. Though they had thought it was their potions professor, Severus Snape. Misguided though they were, Harry once again stopped Voldemort, halting his return to power. But not without suffering himself, the attack on him had left Harry weakened for several days. Harry smiled softly at the thought of his ex- potions professor. He had been so adamant that Snape had been on Voldemort's side all along that it had taken a botched Occlumency lesson, resulting in his delve into Snape's mind, for Harry to realise that the Professor was indeed on the side of the light. So much so, that he was lying daily to one of the darkest and most powerful wizards to ever live. The music pounded away, his chest vibrating with it and he couldn't help the satisfied smile that crossed his lips. The club was in full swing and everyone was apparently having a good time. He'd not had to throw anyone out yet, which was in itself a success. Seeing the bar clear of waiting patrons, their glasses full and cheeks flushed with fun and intoxication, Harry looked to Hermione and smiled. Pointing to the dance floor, he nodded and made a shooing motion for her to go have a little fun. She was going to do a quick floor walk, and maybe a dance or two, then collect the bottles and glasses. The customers all adored Hermione and the way she would always engage with them, dance, have fun, and also manage to keep a firm hand on the patrons who grew out of control after imbibing too much Fire Whiskey. Leaning against the counter with the spirit bottles behind him, Harry returned to his memories of fifth year. After realising Snape was on their side, and that his mother had been the best friend of the snarky Slytherin, he'd apologised and fled the dungeons, tears in his eyes after seeing how cruel and demeaning his own father had been to Snape. To have the image of his perfect father shattered was enough to send Harry into near hysterics. After a screaming match with his professor, Harry had been forced to see that even though James Potter had died trying to save his family, as a teenager, he was nothing more than a cruel bully. And nothing, not even his sacrifice to protect his only son, could redeem the fact that his father was a cruel child and in no way deserved to be forgiven for his actions. He'd ran the entire way to Dumbledore's office and practically screamed the password at the revolving staircase that would take him up to his office. As he'd approached the doors, magic had seeped from him, making everything in the near vicinity shake. "Why?" Harry had shouted, cheeks stained with his tears. "Harry? What in blazes is the meaning of this outburst?" Dumbledore gaped. "How could you? You knew she was his friend and you twisted it all, just so you would have someone on the inside! If she could see you now, she'd be ashamed and disgusted with you, making him risk his life day after day!" He'd screamed. "Who in the Gods names are you talking about, my boy?" "Lily. My mother- and I am not your boy!" Harry hissed. Blue eyes had flashed with something Harry couldn't identify. "Harry, I understand your pain, but you cannot shout the odds on something you do not have full knowledge on. Severus' love of your mother was as pure and real as any others." Harry snorted and pointed a finger at him. "Except he wasn't in love with her, she was close enough to be his sister. But you made it into some perverse form of unrequited love to suit your needs and manipulate Snape into doing your bidding for the next decade and a half!" Dumbledore had opened his mouth to respond but Harry had already stormed from the room, his office door closing with a slam so hard, the wood split down the centre. Harry was startled out of his reverie to the sound of smashing bottles as Hermione threw them into the bottle bank, despite how many times he told her that she could calmly place them into the bin, instead of making him jump out of his skin. "You okay, Harry?" Hermione asked softly. "Yeah, just remembering fifth year when I confronted Dumbledore," Harry sniggered. "Oh, Harry! You gave the castle quite the scare," Hermione chuckled. "All that shaking, half the school thought the entire castle was going to collapse." Laughing with her, Harry turned to whoever had approached the bar. Seeing Ron Weasley looking at him, his smile faltered before falling completely. Not a face that he wanted to find in his club. "What can I get you?" Harry asked neutrally, green eyes inexpressive. "Fire Whiskey, Ogden's if you have it," the red head asked softly. Harry nodded and turned to the optics behind him, he drew a single shot of Ogden's Finest, levitating it back to Ron as he rung it through the till that resembled one from a Muggle store, except it would only answer to his or Hermione's magical signature, so no-one could open the till and take the money from it. Not that he thought anyone would dare try it. "Ten sickles, please," Harry stated, still refusing to show any emotion to his once best friend. Handing over the coins, Ron asked, "Mate, can we talk, please?" "There's nothing to say, Ron." "Harry, please, I'm sorry," Ron pleaded. "It's not me you need to apologise to," Harry snarled. Looking over at Hermione, Ron sneered viciously, his entire face morphing from the pleading look it had just shown. "I have nothing to apologise for. She wanted it that night, she was all up for it, then suddenly went all shy and coy on me. She was asking for it the whole time." "It doesn't matter if a woman changes her mind, wants to slow down or take it easy. No means no, Ron. What you did was rape." "I didn't rape her! Don't be so melodramatic, I already told you- she was up for it. She's exaggerating." "Exaggerating! Really? That's amusing, Ron. Or have you forgotten the visit that I had to pay to you? It was my house that she turned up at; bloodied, beaten, bruised and sobbing. I had to take her to St. Mungo's to get her checked over, she was in such a state," Harry roared. Ron paled as he remembered when Harry had turned up at his flat, battering the door until he'd opened it. The argument that had ensued was finalised when Harry had punched Ron so hard, he'd broken three of the guy's ribs. Without another word, Ron took his drink, gulped it in one and disappeared into the throng of dancers. Seeing Hermione's tear stained face, Harry sighed. "Hermione, go take a break, I'll cover the bar." Harry stood back and watched her move through the dancers, heading to the bathrooms. He eyed the crowd and made sure that everything was in order and nothing untoward was happening. He rarely got any trouble in the club, but occasionally someone felt brave on too much alcohol and took something too far. Seeing a flash of red hair, Harry saw Ron leave the club. He breathed a soft sigh of relief. An hour passed and still Hermione didn't return, but it was fine. Harry was more than capable of locking the place up on his own if she had decided to go home. He really wouldn't blame her. Seeing Ron in their club, their haven, was nothing short of being stabbed in the heart all over again at his betrayal. Harry still felt sick when he recalled the events of what led to Hermione coming to live with him. They'd had the bar for two years, but she'd lived with him for six months now. It was actually rather pleasant having company all the time, instead of roaming around Grimmauld Place during the day like some ghost. He checked his watch and noticed the time. It was way beyond closing up, so he flipped the speakers to the automated message asking everyone to finish their drinks and leave for the night, wishing them a safe journey home and a 'hope to see you again'. He looked around for Hermione as revellers drifted toward the doors and the club became quiet. He saw neither hide nor hair of her. Figuring she was must have gone home after all, he began the tedious task of cleaning up the floor. He didn't keep bins anywhere other than behind the bar since he didn't want unsavoury objects being left in them. It may be a Wizarding club, but unfortunately, many of the patrons had a thing for Muggle narcotics and Harry refused to have anything like that in his club. Once he was done with the bottles, he went in search of Hermione. He looked through the gent's toilets first, making sure they were empty, then called out into the ladies that he was coming in. Finding them just as empty, he frowned. Leaving, he went out the side door exit and lit up a Mayfair, looking around to see if she was maybe outside instead. Hermione denied being a smoker, but occasionally lit up, especially if she was stressed. He blew out a stream of blue smoke and called her name into the night. Instead of getting a reply, his ears were met with a muffled yelp, scuffling and soft crying. Harry felt panic begin to well up in him and as he sniffed the air, he located Hermione's scent, among others, but she didn't smell the same. Following her scent around past the large bins, he was confronted with a very scared Hermione surrounded by Ron and several former Death Eaters. Harry's eyes narrowed coldly as Ron's fist hit Hermione, first in the stomach then her face. "Harry!" Hermione choked out, gasping for air, her hazel eyes wide and frightened. Ron turned quickly. Facing Harry, he paled significantly. He tried to recover with a self-satisfied smile, but failed. The growl that vibrated through Harry's chest was enough to frighten anyone,