Part I The curtains were drawn, so the midday light entering the room was dim. He sat on one of the armchairs, back against the door, barely touching the strings whilst struggling to find the right tune. And failing again and again. He sighed heavily and lit up a cigarette, looking disdainfully at all the pieces of paper that gathered around his chair. Remus was going to bury him alive. The thought almost made him get up and clean, but the taste of nicotine was sweeter than that of work, so he ended up cuddling harder against the soft pillow of the chair. He closed his eyes and continued to touch the strings, but each sound was either too rough or too delicate to match his liking, so he gave up and just allowed his fingers to linger there aimlessly some more. The door opened swiftly, but he didn't bother to open his eyes. He knew already that James wouldn't be back until dawn, probably with a hangover and very many hickeys and scratches, so it could only be Remus, returned from his mysterious disappearance. "I must inform you that I am a failure in the world of music, my friend" he announced, his voice bursting of dramatization. "And you're not allowed to yell at me about the mess until I recover from my suffering." The second boy mumbled some incoherent response and headed to the bathroom. He lingered in the chair some more, waiting for him to come out, but when minutes kept passing without any sign of him still being there, he jumped up and knocked at the door loudly. "Remus, what the bloody hell are you doing in there? Come out and comfort me!" he whined as he kept banging the door with his fist. "If you're not going to answer me within the next thirty seconds, I'll come in. No? Alright." "Don't do that!" "Too late." He burst the door open and entered, but he had no words for what he saw. The sink was covered in blood and on the floor lay a ripped sweater, muddy with red stains. He couldn't see Remus' face, but his back was covered in bruises and cuts and so was his chest, by what he could make up from the mirror reflection. When he found the words to speak, his voice was still baffled by the sight: "What the fuck happened to you?!" "I am fine, Sirius, just let me clean myself up. I'll be out in a bit." he responded, avoiding his face. "This isn't the answer to my question. What on earth did you do?!" he demanded again, approaching him and laying a hand on his shoulder. The other boy shuddered at the touch and backed away some more, looking at his feet. "Talk to me!" "I fell." "You fell." he repeated dumbly, staring at him. "In a dragon's mouth?!" "I fell in a precipice, and the ground was frozen so I bruised myself. I didn't die." "You honestly expect me to believe that?! And where the hell were you last night and all morning?! You missed all the fucking classes. YOU. What happened?" "I told you what happened. I was in the hospital area. Madam Pomfrey gave me some painkillers." he continued to clean his wounds and avoid his look, but his words seemed sincere enough, and Sirius couldn't find a reason for why Remus would lie to him, so he just sighed and decided to believe him. "Let me at least help." he said, approaching. "…Fine." He took another one of the wet cloths and started wiping away his blood, gently. The cuts went deep into his flesh and Sirius wondered again how he could've fallen like that, but he didn't let the words leave his lips. He tried his best not to hurt him more, but with each touch, Remus shivered and moaned in pain. His face was scarred and red from the cold, and his hair was filled with muddy knots, but there was something more there, something that Sirius made up as not only physical pain, but some sort of in-depth sorrow. He wanted to ask, but it didn't seem at all the right thing to say, so he continued in silence until all the blood was gone and all the cuts seemed at a lower risk of infection. "I could try a healing spell" Sirius suggested, as Remus was struggling to put on a clean sweater. "For goodness' sake, Sirius, do you want to kill me for good?" he joked. "I'm fine, don't worry so much." "Now you're just being a bitch, you're not the king of spells around here!" he exclaimed offended which made Remus chuckle a bit. They walked back into the room together and Sirius retook his place on the armchair and dragged the guitar back in his lap, but the mood for music didn't seem to come back to him as he kept looking at Remus' stunted face. The boy sat on the bed, trying to find a less uncomfortable position and smiled a mousy smile of his when he saw Sirius' concerned look. "You were saying something when I came in?" "…It wasn't important anyway. Are you going to tell me how you fell?" "I told you. I slipped while I was walking. Calm down, Sirius, if I were to die I would've done so when I was still in the ditch. Tell me." "I was trying to write a song" he sighed, kicking some of the paper balls. "It didn't work out, as you can see." "All that I see is that you're going to clean that up." he responded scowling at the mess that was the floor. "Let me hear what you have." Sirius grimaced and started playing some of the versions he had so far, whining about how terrible they were. "Shut your mouth already, they're fine" Remus said, right before the pillow landed in Sirius' face. "I'd return the kick, but you already look like a beaten up dog, so I'll have mercy." "I'd better get some sleep. I spent my night howling for dear life." Remus said, his face twisted with sadness. "James left me for girls, you leave me for sleep, I truly am a wreckage!" He laughed and turned away from him, stuffing his face in the pillow. He didn't want to talk, but he didn't want to sleep either, knowing that the nightmares would haunt him easier when he wasn't conscious. He kept staring blankly at the wall, trying to block out the images of the previous night, but soon enough he felt tears rising in his eyes. He blinked them away coldly and buried himself underneath the warm blankets. He wouldn't cry. Not again, and not with Sirius in the room. In fact, never again. Or so he tried to promise himself before being clutched by the black abyss of his nightmares. Part II His bruises healed faster than expected, but he still didn't get away from days of nicknames and whispering in the corners. He did his best to ignore everyone, but it was hardest when he saw Sirius and James fixing him with fearful or troubled faces. Their whispers never stopped, not even after the cuts were gone and the bruises turned to light yellow on his skin, but he appreciated that they never bugged him about it anymore. James tried to bring it up once or twice, but Sirius said nothing after the bathroom incident, which didn't exactly make it easier for him to live, knowing that he was still on their minds, but he still mentally thanked them every day. That winter was colder than any Remus had tasted before. Each time he got out, he could feel his bones freezing and his clothes caught frost even when he was crossing the yard from one building to another. Despite all this, James and Sirius insisted that they spent their last weekend before leaving for Christmas holiday at Hogsmeade, as they always have. And so they made their way through knee-high snow towards the Three Broomsticks, dreaming of warmth and hot drinks. The conversation was light, mostly school related, and James took advantage of their hidden spot to tell them about some new prank idea that he had come up with. Still, Remus couldn't make himself pay attention to any word they said, apart from the occasional times when they especially had to draw him back to the subject, and even then, it didn't last more than ten minutes at a time. He thought of the holidays. He always loved Christmas, ever since he was a little boy. He used to bake cookies with his mother then stay out late at night waiting for Santa, until he would eventually fall asleep by the fireplace only to wake up in his bed the next day, covered up in his favourite blankets. He missed the comfort of childhood. And most of all, he loathed the idea of how he was going to spend Christmas that year. The original plans involved staying at Hogwarts with Sirius and James and spending the holidays together, but now that he knew what that meant, he couldn't risk it. He dreaded the moment he would spoil their cheerfulness, but it couldn't be withheld any longer. "What's with you, Rem'?" James asked at some point. They had been eyeing him for the past five minutes, expecting some response, but it never came. "I was just…thinking" he replied. They waited for an explanation, so Remus cleared his throat and continued almost like a whisper. "I can't stay here for Christmas. My parents…called me home. It was something unexpected. I'm sorry." "Is everything alright?" Sirius asked with a note of concern in his voice. "Yeah, it's all fine. They just want me there, I guess. I'm sorry…" The two boys exchanged a defeated look and mentally agreed upon the answer: "It's alright, mate. No need to worry." James laughed. "Yeah, we'll just do it the next year. Or for Easter. As long as you're fine, it's all good." Their smiles were reassuring, yet Remus couldn't help feeling bad for spoiling everything yet again. It was something all of them had been looking out to, plans carefully set since the beginning of the school. If only he had known then. They tried to cheer him up for the rest of the evening, acting as though nothing had happened. Sirius and James mocked each other friendly, both of them crying out for Remus' comforting, and he tried his best to be a part of their game, in spite of the fact that he was feeling wretched. He couldn't take his mind off of all the times he worried them all, or got them into trouble. It was worse when they thought he couldn't hear them. It was not just once that he caught them discussing in hushed voices about him, and it was getting harder and harder to pretend he had no idea about those secret meetings. Or about them subtlety looking out for him when they thought he wasn't paying attention. It hurt him more than all the rest of it to have to lie to them, but they were the only good things that had happened to him in the past sixteen years of existence. "Do you think Peter would convince his parents to let him stay with us if we do that for Easter?" James asked cheerfully, trying to lighten up the mood. "Maybe. Or we'll just come up with some lie smarter than the one we tried to use for now." Sirius replied casting him a gloomy look. "Oh, shut your mouth, it was a perfectly acceptable lie, only he ruined it by being so…so… so Peter!" James exclaimed frustrated. "Stop picking on him, James." Remus intervened, with half a smile on his face. "Maybe we'll turn things around the next holiday…" "Praise Merlin you found your tongue at last, Remus!" Sirius