Author's notes: Standard disclaimer: It all belongs to JKR. Except where I might use some song lyrics which I will call out at the time and give proper credit. Thank you JKR for letting us play with your toys. Also, if you have not read my story, Harry Potter and the Muggles' Daughter, you are going to be lost. That is the prequel to this. But hey, if you haven't, BONUS! You've got a whole story you can go read before coming back here! And last, for those wondering where Ginny has been, Muggle's Daughter was only the first installment of eight. She's coming. In fact, well, read on. HARRY POTTER AND THE PHILOSOPHER'S STONE THE HOGWARTS' EXPRESS HPHPHP "You're joking," Mr Granger said. Harry thought even Mali – who was always up for anything magical that she could participate in – looked a bit skeptical. "Nope," Sirius answered. "It's all set up to allow non-magic parents across so they can see their children off. Just hit it at a quick walk and you'll go right through." Mr Granger eyed him dubiously. "Just so you know, if I break my nose trying to go through that wall, I'm going to tie you in a knot no amount of magic will be able to get you out of." Harry was only slightly less concerned than Mr Granger. The wall wasn't anything like the passage from the Leaky Cauldron into Diagon Alley. That one you tapped your wand on the bricks in the right pattern and the wall rearranged itself into an archway you could see and subsequently walk through. This wall, because it was out in the middle of a non-magic train station, needed to maintain the appearance of being solid… It was doing a very good job of it. He found he wished his mum or Mrs Tonks had been able to join the group seeing Hermione and he off. He could trust them. Remus and Sirius, they were still smarting from the final ambush Hermione and he had caught them in the day before during their paintball war. But with the desire to keep his mum, as well as any confirmation of a relationship with Mrs Tonks, hidden, it was only Hermione's parents, Sirius and Remus who had accompanied them to the station. Their goodbyes to his mum, Mrs Tonks, Mr Tonks and Tonks – that really was a lot of Tonkses – had occurred before leaving Bourton that morning. Harry was also feeling a bit tetchy towards Hermione because, while he was once again denied something that should have been his by rights, she got to have her parents come see her off. A hand slipping into his startled him. "I'm sorry," Hermione whispered. Harry stared at her. "You should be able to have your mum here." Harry blinked. She was no-where near good enough to use Legilimency on him without eye contact and even with it she was like a freight train compared to Mrs Tonks. "It took me a while to figure out why you were so quiet." Harry squeezed her hand. "Thanks." She smiled. "It's two minutes past, shall we give it a go?" she asked under her breath. Harry grinned. They'd arrived plenty early to the station. So much so that the portal hadn't been open yet. But with it now being 9:02, it should be. "Come on." He tugged her hand and they darted through. "Oi!" Sirius hollered. Harry and Hermione split to either side of the portal the instant they were through. They then each stuck a leg in front of it just in time to send Sirius sprawling as he hurried after them. "ARGHH!" he bellowed as he face planted. Before he could get out of the way, Remus came through with the trolley carrying their school trunks and ran it up on top of him, pinning him underneath. Harry and Hermione burst into laughter and crumpled to the floor. "Bril!" Harry gasped, holding his hand up. Hermione's parents came through just in time to see Hermione fist-bump him. "What in the world?" Mali gasped. "It would appear the twin terrors have struck again," Remus remarked dryly. "Shut up and get this thing off me," Sirius complained. Remus gave the trolley a tug. Mr Granger offered Sirius a hand up. "You could stop encouraging them," he suggested. Sirius glowered at the two miscreants who were still sitting on the floor in a heap chortling at him. "No worries," he said. He brushed himself off and pointedly straightened his jacket. "I've already set a few things in their trunks for when they open them later." Harry and Hermione stopped laughing and studied him. "Oi, knock that off!" Sirius bellowed. As he was expelled form Sirius' mind, Harry's head jerked like he'd been smacked. "Any luck?" Hermione asked. "No," Harry said morbidly. "Drat," Hermione muttered. "I guess I'll be doing an awful lot of Finite Incantatems later." "You better believe it, Girlie," Sirius said. "Come on, let's get you two loaded up," Remus urged. For the first time since coming onto the platform, Harry focused on his surroundings. The massive black and red Hogwarts Express locomotive belching steam sat before them. "Cool," he gushed softly. "Yeah," Hermione agreed. Mali sighed. "It's like stepping back into a bygone era." "Which is both good and bad," Remus observed. "The train is one of the good. You kids got everything you need out of your trunks?" "Yes," Hermione answered. Harry patted his bag. "Yep." "Alright then." Remus took his wand out and levitated their trunks into the baggage car where a purser took over packing them away. "Remind me to invite you over when I need those flagstones moved," Mr Granger said. "Happy to help," Remus answered. It'll just have to be when it's dark out." "Hmm, sit in my garden and have a beer with my mates till it gets dark or lug rock around for the day. Yeah, easy choice." "I'll bring the beer," Sirius said. "Can we go on the train?" Mali asked. "Sure," Remus said. "Let's get them settled." It was five to 11:00 when the second whistle sounded; announcing the train's imminent departure. Over the last two hours the train had filled with students heading off to school and most of them were now crowded at the windows so they could say a last goodbye to their families. "Make us proud," Mali said. "We will, Mum," Hermione answered. "Promise," Harry added. "And be good," Mr Granger said. "You especially," he added with a significant look at Harry. "Hey!" he protested. "I just come up with the ideas. She's the one who figures out how." Hermione elbowed him. "I do not!" "Do so!" "School will be lucky to be standing by the time those two get done with it," Sirius said under his breath. "Don't I know it," Remus agreed. He popped a piece of gum in his mouth. Harry and Hermione held their hands out. Remus sighed and gave them each a stick. "All I had to do was wait two minutes," he muttered. Harry popped the gum in his mouth and instantly knew they'd been had. "But then we'd have missed this," Sirius chortled. Hermione's parents just stared at them. Harry and Hermione took one look at each other, cried, "YOU HAVE MY HAIR!" and burst out laughing. The whistle blew and the train lurched. "WAIT, HOW DO WE FIX IT?" The train had already moved about five feet forward. "It'll wear off," Remus called. "Eventually!" Sirius added. "Bye! We love you!" Mali called. Hermione waved back. "Love you, Mum, Dad!" And then they were out of the station. Harry pushed the window up and they sat back on the bench. So far they hadn't been joined by anyone and had the compartment to themselves. They looked at each other and snorted. "You look ridiculous," Hermione teased. "You're not much better," Harry retorted. Hermione dug her mirror from her pocket and examined herself. Luckily Harry wore his hair long and she didn't look too bad. "How long do you think it will last?" Before he could reply, the door to their compartment slid open. Two girls stood in the passageway. "Hey, are you first-years as well?" one asked. "We are," Hermione piped up. "Would you like to join us?" "Oh, that would be lovely," the second girl said. "Everywhere else that isn't full is infested with nargles. Which is very strange as there is no mistletoe to be found anywhere." "Luna," the first girl hissed. "What?" she asked. The girl sighed. "Nothing." She pulled her friend in and slid the door shut. Harry pretty much missed everything of the exchange between the two girls and Hermione. He could do little but stare. The girl – yes, there were two of them, but that was beside the point – had flaming-red hair, her face and arms were covered with freckles and she looked almost exactly like the girl from the boat rental kiosk in Disney World… Only she was ten years younger. More shockingly, she was the last piece of the puzzle from his visions the night Kaa had bonded with him. She was the girl flying her broom while he watched from behind a tree. Hermione caught him staring while the two girls put their bags in the bin over their bench and elbowed him. Harry startled and finally registered that the second girl sported golden blonde hair. He glanced between Hermione, the girls and slouched over to whisper in her ear. "Dibs on the redhead." Hermione goggled at him. "Deal?" he asked. Hermione shot the girls in question a look and then back to Harry. "K," she squeaked. Harry sat up again just as the girls faced them and sat down. "Thanks for sharing," the redhead said. "I'm Ginny Weasley. And this is my friend Luna Lovegood." "Hermione Granger," she answered. She glanced at Harry when he didn't say anything. He was openly staring at Ginny once more. She elbowed him. Hard. He jumped and turned to her. "OW! Hermione, what was that for?" "You were staring," she hissed. "Staring?" Hermione jerked her head. "Staring," she said again, barely moving her lips. Harry glanced over and once again when his eyes landed on Ginny his brain jumped the tracks. "What?" Ginny demanded. "Never seen a girl with red hair before?" Harry finally snapped out of it. "Right. Sorry," he said turning a spectacular shade of red. "Erm, what were we talking about?" "Your name," Hermione hissed. "My name?" Harry asked. "Yes," Hermione growled. "Your name. You know. Like I'm Hermione Granger, she's Luna Lovegood and she's Ginny Weasley." "It appears he's suffering an infestation of wrackspurts," Luna said. "Wrackspurts?" Harry and Hermione asked. "Yes. They enter your head through your ears and make your mind go all fuzzy." The two stared at her. "Well," Hermione said airily, "I suppose it's as good an explanation as anything. Since he seems incapable of telling you himself, his name is Harry Potter." Harry had to force himself to pay attention to both girls' reactions and not just stare at Ginny. Other than the few adult witches and wizards he already knew, this was the first time someone from the wizarding world was meeting him. He'd been told to expect some odd reactions. Both girls' eyes widened and glanced to his forehead and the lightning bolt scar he sported. Harry blushed. "Well," Ginny said, "He certainly isn't the eloquent prince the story books make him out to be, is he? Or can he actually answer for himself?" "Not by a long shot," Hermione agreed, liking Ginny already. "Not if I were blessed of a thousand," Harry said, "nay, ten thousand, years in which to gaze upon the beauty of your visage would I find words to pen that might capture what mine eyes have beheld." All three girls stared at him with wide eyes. Harry smirked. "How's that for eloquence?" Ginny recovered first.