Author's notes: Standard disclaimer: It all belongs to JKR. Except where I might use some song lyrics which I will call out at the time and give proper credit. Thank you JKR for letting us play with your toys. I will continue to use the occasional song lyric in the story and will give credit at the time when needed. This is the fourth book in my Slytherin Harry series. Book 1: Harry Potter and the Muggle's Daughter Book 2: Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone Book 3: Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets Book 4: Harry Potter and the Blood Traitor's Daughter. If you haven't read books 1-3 you won't know what's going on. But the bonus is you've got three completed books before you even get to this one! And last, the disappointing bits. First, because the site gives me such difficulty uploading, I've adjusted my writing to make things easier and made chapters generally shorter than in the past I try to keep things at about 5000 words because it just works best. Second, to ensure I keep the production of new material ahead of the pace of my posting I'm afraid I have to go to every other week. I'm sorry, but I'm doing the best I can. HARRY POTTER AND THE BLOOD TRAITOR'S DAUGHTER CHAPTER I The Best of intentions Albus Dumbledore stood in his pensive within the memory he had taken from the mind of Neville Longbottom. As it wasn't his actual memory, but the memory he hadformed when he'd invaded Neville's mind, it was quite fragmented. He had spent a significant amount of time studying what had occurred and was very concerned about a great many things. He was and he wasn't surprised at the actions Minerva had taken. She had been the member of staff most opposed to the hiding of the Philosopher's Stone within the school. She took quite seriously her position and duties and he should have foreseen how affected she would have been by the dressing down Amelia had given them for the incident. He hadn't really realized that she had stopped confiding in him over the following year and if he were analyzing the current situation correctly her actions were going to lead to her being taken into Harry's inner circle. He would have to work to repair his relationship with her so that he might be able to take advantage of the development. Of course he knew Harry had an inner circle by now. Severus had performed his duties well. He'd attempted to perform Legilimency on Harry, Hermione, Ginevra and Luna many times over the last two years. It had become plainly evident Harry and Hermione had been extensively trained in the Mind Magics. They both feigned being sick or sudden headaches at the slightest signs of intrusion. Ginevra and Luna avoided eye contact at all costs. Severus had been able to confirm little from them other than they had some basic Occlumency skills that seemed to increase as time went along. It all pointed to Sirius and Harry having a closer relationship with Hermione than he'd initially been led to believe. Harry and Hermione were well trained and had taken it upon themselves to train Ginevra and Luna. He wasn't quite certain why they hadn't done the same with Neville. The boy's defenses were essentially nonexistent. But exactly who were Harry's inner circle? Sirius, obviously. Remus had confirmed a relationship with Andromeda Tonks, her husband and daughter. Remus believed the relationship was close and that Andromeda, at the very least, was training Harry and Hermione in the Mind Magics. He should have figured that long ago. She was Severus' equal in the arts and made much more sense as a teacher than did Sirius. Unfortunately Remus hadn't been able to provide much more information than that. He knew there was an inner circle but wasn't considered part of it. But now, thanks to this memory, there was something far more concerning. Just before Neville had stabbed the diary down on the basilisk fang – a stroke of genius to be certain – Tom Riddle had threatened to kill Harry's mother. That made no sense at all. Lily was dead. He had seen her body with his own eyes. He had watched as the funeral pyre had consumed the bodies of her and James. But Tom had believed she was alive and said the information had come from Ginevra's mind. Was it possible? Had Lily somehow faked her death? If Lily were alive things were far more out of control than he feared. But how? How could she possibly be alive? She had been struck by the Killing Curse. What had saved her? He thought he understood why Harry had survived. Lily had sacrificed herself for him, refusing to stand aside when offered the chance. That had set the Old Magic in motion. But if she hadn't actually been killed, then the Old Magic wouldn't have been in place and Harry should have died. The only possible explanation he could think that would have both Harry and Lily surviving was James having been offered the chance to live if he would stand aside. But he already knew that wasn't the case. He'd invaded Peter Pettigrew's mind many times since the man had been incarcerated. He had seen the altercation between James and Tom and he knew James had not been given the chance Lily was. So how? If she were truly alive, how? He knew she was brilliant. She had created the Wolfsbane Potion while still in school. Had she created something else that allowed her to save herself and Harry? She was a genius at Charms and one did not find themselves recruited to the ranks of the Unspeakables for nothing; especially when the one in question was a Muggle-born witch. She was far and away the most capable student to have come through Hogwarts since Tom Riddle and had only been matched since by Hermione Granger. Albus frowned. If he allowed himself to believe Lily were alive, what did it mean? What possible consequences did it create with regards to the prophecy and Harry's role as the one to bring Voldemort down? Was it possible the whole thing was invalidated…? No, he dismissed the idea. Twice in two years Harry and Tom had come face to face. There was little doubt their magic was diametrically opposed. The two would be continually drawn together till they were both dead. He wished that weren't the case, but there was simply no way for it to not be. A Horcrux could not be destroyed without the destruction of its host. It was really that simple. He had tried to mitigate the damage to the rest of the world by removing Harry's will to live. He had tried to ensure Harry would have no faith in himself, his abilities or worth so that when Tom came for him he would easily be killed. The power Harry had over Tom would be his willingness to die and allow the bit of Tom's soul he carried to die with him. With Harry's death all that would remain was to find the Horcruxes and then confront Tom in a final battle. But that was well and truly gone now. Harry was only too willing to fight and Albus was certain the battle would see far more come to harm than had things been the way he would have liked. He had tried to circumvent the prophecy and failed… Which meant there was nothing to do but see the rest came to fruition. The last two years were proof enough that in his current form Tom Riddle was not strong enough to see Harry Potter killed. He would need to return from his current state to that of the living. The question was, how? Perhaps the answer lay in Peter. It would even serve to blunt Amelia. She was getting far too powerful in her position. Yes, that would work well. HPHPHP Harry was sitting on his bed quietly picking at his guitar when his mum came in and sat down on the foot of the bed. "What are you playing?" Harry shrugged and kept playing. Mum sat and listened. The song was fairly long but, as always, the end eventually came. He sat for a second as the last echo faded away. "Did you know?" he asked. "Did I know what, Harry?" "Tom Riddle. Did you know he was Voldemort?" Mum stared back at him. "I found that diary." Mum blinked a number of times. "Ginny didn't know what it was, but she figured out there was something wrong with it. She tried to get rid of it and threw it in the fire. I found it the next morning. It was from 1943. Hermione and I had already found the stuff about the Chamber being opened back then. And I knew I'd seen the name Riddle before. But I forgot about it and just stuck it in my bag. Probably it was messing with my head. When Ginny had the fit in Defense, it was because she saw it in the pile on my desk…" Mum just stared at him. "Don't you think it might have been a good idea for me to know what his real name was?" "Harry, I swear, I never meant to hide that from you. I don't know why, but it just never occurred to me to tell you." Harry studied her for a few seconds. "I want to know what the prophecy says." She swallowed painfully. "Harry, please—" "You knew about Horcruxes, didn't you?" he cut her off. "I suspected, yes." "Hermione and I have spent a lot of time studying old prophecies and the sorcerers they related to, Mum. After the last two years, you can't think it's going to just go away. I'm not blaming you, but if I had known Tom Riddle was Voldemort, or about Horcruxes, Ginny wouldn't have been taken into the Chamber, I wouldn't have been bitten by a basilisk, Bill wouldn't have been hurt and Sandra wouldn't be dead." Mum closed her eyes tightly, shaking her head back and forth. "Harry—" "Is he gone for good this time?" Harry cut her off again. Mum sagged, and whispered, "I don't think so." "He made more of those things?" "My guess is three… or seven." "The most magically significant numbers," Harry said. "Yes." "I'm supposed to be the one who stops him, aren't I?" "Yes," she said in defeat. Harry frowned. "Is it a problem then that Neville is the one who destroyed the Horcrux?" "I don't know." "So it could be bad that he destroyed it instead of me?" "I don't know." "But it would be better if it had been me?" "Probably, yes. It's possible it doesn't matter, but it might." "Then I think my point is proved." A tear slid down Mum's cheek. "I only ever wanted to you to be a child, Baby; just like everyone else." "But I'm not, Mum. I'm a child of prophecy; whether it's true or not. By definition that makes me different." "That doesn't mean you're a weapon, Harry," she said vehemently. "I've seen this world. Magical people are the worst ostriches. They think if they stick their head in the sand deep enough the problems of the world will just go away. The moment someone knows you're fated to fight Voldemort, they'll be clamoring for a duel to settle things between you. Everything I've done is to prevent that. I've got a plan, Harry. I just need you to trust that." "I do trust you, Mum. But he's got a plan too and he's older and stronger and better than me. He might be better than you, because whatever plan you have, he's messing it up. I've fought him twice already. What happens if I can't win now because Neville destroyed the Horcrux instead of me…? I need to