Author's notes: Standard disclaimer: It all belongs to JKR. Except where I might use some song lyrics which I will call out at the time and give proper credit. Thank you JKR for letting us play with your toys. Also, if you have not read my stories, Harry Potter and the Muggles' Daughter and Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, you are going to be lost. They are the prequels to this. But hey, if you haven't, BONUS! You've got two whole stories you can go read before coming back here! Last, I've picked up a Beta, so you should be seeing an improvement in spelling, grammar and punctuation from this point onward. Thank you Wolf's Scream. HARRY POTTER AND THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS The Lost Summer: Part I HPHPHP A hand slipped through the cracked open door, leveling a wand on a sleeping body. " Cogeretur! " a voice whispered forcefully. The hand and wand were withdrawn and the door was softly closed. HPHPHP Lily slipped into Harry's room and silently padded to his bed. He was asleep, allowing her to watch him without fear of being caught. Tears slid silently down her face. No one ever told you the damage having children would do to your psyche before you had them. No one ever told you just seeing a skinned knee from an innocent fall would be a dagger to your heart. And if no one told you that, then, of course, no one told you what it would be like to find your son bathed in a pool of his own blood, hands and arms hideously burnt – in some places with the white of his bones visible – unconscious and sprawled across a young woman in as bad a state or worse and whom you strongly suspected would one day be your daughter-in-law… Provided they lived beyond the next half hour, never mind making it to at least sixteen and a somewhat reasonable age to actually marry. No. No one ever told you anything like that. Or what you would feel when you learnt he'd spent three hours running through the Forbidden Forest while a dragon stalked him. Or how you were to handle hearing he'd come face to face with the Shade of your husband's murderer twice in that same night and that it was in killing the possessed host of the murderer that your son and the young woman came to be in the state they were. No one told you your son would speak with serpents or have one bound to him as his familiar. No one said anything about him killing a mountain troll while protecting three young women, one of them the daughter of the woman you consider your sister. No one said your son would be friends with that same girl and you would come to love her so much there were days you were jealous Hermione wasn't actually your daughter. No one told you seeing her lying in a hospital bed because she had willingly sacrificed herself so that none of her friends, your son being one of them, would be hurt would fill you with equal amounts pride and horror such that you felt you were being torn in two. No. No one ever said anything like that. And not once were you told you would stand in your son's moonlit bedroom simply staring at him because after ten months of near constant ache at his absence you simply couldn't bear to be anywhere else now that he was back under your protective gaze. No one ever told you that in fewer than ten weeks you would somehow have to find the strength to let him go again and it would feel like you were cutting your heart out to do so. Never. A soft noise that took you a moment to place caused you to hold your breath. His wand had just moved from its holster to his hand. You blinked and his eyes were open. He was flat on his back and hadn't seen you yet. When did a child of eleven years learn to wake from terror without a sound? When did he learn to be still and not give away he'd discovered – if not you exactly, then something was amiss? When did he learn to wake like… a soldier? You make a little choking sound and his wand is on you. There's nothing extra in his movement. He hasn't rolled completely or tried to sit up. His arm has flopped over and his head is turned. Nothing more, nothing less; silent, efficient, he's as deadly as his deceased familiar. A fully-grown mountain troll is all the testimony needed to any who might doubt. "Mum?" "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to frighten you." His wand is gone as fast as it came and he's sitting up. "No. I just needed to see you. Go back to sleep." He stared for a second before he scooted back on the bed and opened the covers. Lily quickly crossed the room and climbed in with him. She lay down and pulled him back against her chest. He fidgeted for a bit before propping up on an elbow and pushing at her shoulder. "Roll over." "Why" "Because." Lily rolled to her other side and he spooned behind her, wrapping his bandaged hand up over her shoulder. "Love you, Mum." A silent tear slid down her cheek. When had it changed that he now chased away her nightmares, and not her his? Neither of them noticed a gentle hand coming to rest on their heads and the softly spoken command of, "Sleep." Lily dreamed. She knew that even when she was in the dream. It wasn't the first time she was self-aware while dreaming and she didn't expect it would be the last; though it wasn't exactly common either. What was different was not being in the dream per se, but to be watching it as an outside observer like she was watching a movie down at the cinema. It was odd, but one didn't make their own dreams, did they. Alright, it was very odd to watch yourself being made love to. Very odd indeed… and arousing. Her eyes widened in horror. Bloody Hell! She was sleeping in the same bed as her son! She could not have a dream like that in the same bed as her son! Her eyes snapped closed – could you do that in a dream – and mercifully the fact she was aware she was dreaming and that she was sleeping next to her son cooled her… Yes, that was more than enough… Cooled her. Perfect. "I am sorry," a voice spoke. "I meant the dream to be pleasant but did not expect that I should trigger a memory of that nature. Seriously messed up dream, Lily thought before opening her eyes. Thankfully the scene of her and James was gone. Replaced instead with a rather cliché, floor of all white clouds stretching as far as she could see in every direction. The cliché was completed by the requisite soft, all encompassing white light with no discernible source. About the only thing off was the woman across from her instead of James. Don't get her wrong, if she were ever going to 'Bat for the other team.' then the woman would win the lottery hands down. But if this were some kind of 'You're sort of dead, but not really dead and can go back to your life if that's what you want, scenes', then she'd rather have guessed it to be James here to greet her. "Erm, hello?" she ventured. The woman smiled, "Hello, Child." Oooookay, Lily thought, you look younger than me, but if I'm the child I won't argue with you… Just, would you be so kind as to pass me along a few of those genes? "No question as to why I am here, Child?" Lily shrugged. "You seem to be calling the shots. I imagine you'll tell me what's going on when you get around to it." "Indeed." The woman tipped her head, considering. "Ultimately, I am here because your son, and the Daughter of your Heart – a turn of phrase I find quite pleasing – owe their lives to me. I would offer you the chance to pay that debt." As her hackles rose Lily's eyes narrowed. "Who are you?" "I have known many names. You would be most familiar with The Lady of the Lake, or perhaps Nimue. Most recently a lovely child gifted me the name of Kai. I am rather fond of it. So, if you please?" Lily stared at her for some time before slowly sinking to her knees. "Please, just don't take me from him." Kai smiled. Rise, Child. And set you fear aside. I require nothing more than your assistance in taking possession of something that was stolen from me." Never having been slow on the uptake, Lily swallowed fearfully. Kai laughed softly. "Trust me, Child, nothing so arduous as the labors of Hercules. I merely ask your help in obtaining the Philosopher's Stone." Lily frowned. "But I already have the stone. If that is all you want, take it, it is yours." "Unfortunately it is not quite that simple. You see, a particularly difficult little whelp stole it from me. Sad to say there are some rather pesky rules I must follow in recovering it. One of which says that I am not allowed to touch it unless certain conditions are met." "What conditions?" "The first is that the stone must be under said whelp's direct protection. A problem solved simply by returning it to him." "Is that why he needed Gringotts and then Dumbledore to guard it?" "Those are but the two most recent examples of a devious little trick he has used over the years." "But if we return the stone to him won't he just arrange for someone else to keep it?" "Perhaps. I expect that stealing it from him the same night it is returned shall make that effort a bit difficult." "And I assume you want me to steal it?" "I do." "Why me? Why don't you just take it from him." "Because those pesky little rules come into play again. You see, my hand cannot directly be the one to divest him of the stone. It must be one acting on my behalf." "And I'm the thief you've chosen?" "You are." "Do you have a plan, or is it all on me?" "Oh, I have a plan. Honestly, I do not expect things to be too terribly difficult." "And if I do this, my son and daughter's debts are canceled; even if I fail?" Kai tipped her head slightly. "Agreed… I warn you though, Lily Potter, the wrath of a goddess, even one so insignificant as myself, is not to be trifled with." "I—" "You think to find an escape;" Kai cut her off, "concerned over what right you have to end someone's life. And make no mistake; the destruction of the stone will bring about the end of both Nicholas and Perenelle's lives. I promise you this, before this night is through you will be much less concerned for them than you presently are. And should that not be enough to bring you to action… remember this." The space they were in changed, instantly becoming the chamber under the school where Lily had found Harry and Ginny after they had stopped Quirrell/Voldemort from getting the stone. Only instead of Ginny, it was Hermione, bathed in blood and covered with hideous burns lying under Harry's crumpled body. Her heart stopped and her body began to shake as she looked down on the scene she couldn't tear her eyes from. Harry was far worse than he'd been and Hermione, she was obviously dead. The fact that her entire face was burnt away would have been enough to tell. But her skull was split