DISCLAIMER:I do not own LotR nor did I invent any of the characters. Professor Tolkien did it and I hope he can forgive me that I write about his lovely individuals. A/N: There is some additional material from the books included in this story, they can be recognized by them being written in italics. I could not help including a few sentences that were said, it seemed too important to me to leave them out. In fact this is my very first fanfiction in my life and I really would appreciate a few comments on it. The Uruk-hai "Frodo? Frodo!" Merry and Pippin had been running into the woods crying out their cousin's name. Boromir himself had told them that it might be an hour since he saw Frodo the last time. And his strange behaviour had also told them that there was something that he did not mention. They were worried for Frodo, for they knew he was alone and carried not only the burden of The One Ring but also the burden of choice of their further way. As they ran deeper and deeper into the very core of the forest searching and frantically screaming Frodo's name they were soon aware of another presence out in the forest: Orcs! They heard many growls and heavy foot tramps, and they came nearer into their direction. Impending death was upon them and they realized how folly it was running witless into the wild without anyone of the fellowship knowing their way. They turned, trying stealthily to fly from their foes that obviously were not aware of them yet, but not many paces had they run until they knew they were surrounded by them. No comparing horror they had yet to face before, for they knew they were on their own and could not win a fight with so many Orcs around them. But still they drew their little swords of Westernesse with shivering hands, and as the enemy were drawing nearer, they desperately tried to cut everything that snatched at them, for, to their scary surprise, the Orcs did not fight them back with their swords but tried to get a hold of them. Merry's angst-ridden mind swam and he did not thought while he cut several of the hands and arms that tried to get a grip of him and Pippin, but soon they were overcome, seized and held two feet over the ground. A tall Orc came in front of him and took the swords of Westernesse from him and Pippin; then, with a killing glance at him snarled sharply, and Merry was sure that this was his end and that he was going to be stabbed at last. He found himself wondering in an endless seeming moment how it would feel to die in such a way and wished it was short and painless; even more he wished it for he knew his younger cousin would not be spared of the same death. But the Orc suddenly threw away the swords and grimaced almost as if the touch of them had hurt him. Then he waved to the horde, signalizing to them to run into the direction of what Merry thought might be the west. Each hobbit was tucked under the stout arms of tall Orcs who also had begun to run, and they felt swirled around in terror. The fear of what was to come almost overwhelmed the shrieking hobbits while they desperately attempted to draw away from the grips of the strong Orc-claws around their waists and in the turbulence Merry could get a glimpse of Pippin who bit into the hairy arm holding him, but it's owner took no heed. Only a short time after being caught the group stopped and Merry could hear metal clangour and guessed it was a swordfight. He hoped the rest of the fellowship had found them and could get them free; he struggled to look what was going on where the sound came from. Suddenly just in front of him appeared Boromir and with a cry leaped forward and beheaded the Orc that held him tight. The headless body fell sideward on the ground where Merry finally managed to break free from the unmoving arm. He got to his feet and when he tried to stand next to Boromir who just begun to fight another Orc, stumbled over the head of another. Almost blinded from the swarthy blood from his dead captor, the terror that chilled to his bone amidst the fight, the stench that was all around him he whirled around to look for Pippin. Just then he saw him being dropped by the creature that had held him, for it had to fight Boromir now. Merry rushed directly to Pippin to help him up and just then they heard Boromir blow the horn of Gondor, and they both saw several of the Orcs run away. They saw none other of the fellowship and hoped they were not dead, hoped that Frodo and Sam and the others had escaped. Their short moment of worry was being cut off by Boromir, who suddenly appeared behind them and pushed them forward. "Run, little ones! Run!" he screamed. And that they did. They ran with all their speed and knew their lives depended on it. But not long after they were forced to a halt. That was it: Dozens over dozens of Orcs were in their way. Boromir blew into his horn anew and again, but though a few of the Orcs had retreated, the majority of the horde still drew nearer and even more seemed to come to join them. To flee into the other direction was useless; Orcs were all around them. "Gondor!" Boromir cried and the hobbits saw him brandishing his glittering sword with tremendous swiftness and finesse and slew a dozen of their foes within a few moments. Being weaponless after being subducted of their swords the hobbits had not much choice of helping their friend other than picking up stones from the ground and throwing them at their foes. Hobbits were always known to aim quite good with stones and they could knock out several of the approaching Orcs, but soon after they heard an arrow rush by. Boromir managed to smack it aside with his sword before it could hit him. Another flew by, then another followed and short after Merry heard many whistling arrows piercing the air. Not one of the arrows were aimed at the hobbits, they all passed them by to Boromir's position. First he seemed to be able to manage the rain of arrows, but not before long he was overcome. Horrified the hobbits heard a short cry and a following uneasy gasp, and as they looked at Boromir, to their very terror, saw an arrow stuck in his chest. The world grew still just as time stopped. Their bloods froze. Petrifaction took a hold of them. The man sank down and leaned to a tree with his back, then with disbelieving eyes he tried to unplug the arrow out of him. His horn lay next to him but now, like a broken heart, it was cloven in two. Merry was stunned for a moment at this sight, never had he seen such a thing. He had been witnessing Gandalf falling into the abyss while defending them in Moria, but he did not see him dieing, but now Boromir! And he died in such a horrible way! Merry's whole world resolved into fear and disbelief; he felt his heart being sucked into an icy undertow of nothingness. This could not be happening! But the gondorian man was not dead yet, he would not give in so easily, obviously focusing all his remaining strength to stand up and to stay on his feet. He gave a cry and he fought the evil beasts once more, the arrow still plugged in his mighty chest. Then another arrow hit him and forced him to his knees, his stifled cry knifed the hobbits ears. They recoiled in anguish and horror and scowled at the men's pierced body in pure gloom until their knees slumped. Boromir still kneed and had grown stiff at the last blow; he merely stared at the two arrows that were in his breast. His mission had failed - he had failed. For Gondor's sake he wanted to fulfil his task - wanted The One Ring to be brought to Minas Tirith to defend it from the shadows. That wish had destroyed everything - delusion had made him try to take The Ring from Frodo and had even wished death for him and the halflings. Now he wished so much to save at least these two from death. But he could not even save his own self now. All was lost. He should have stayed true to the honour of the quest. He should have stayed true to his own honour. Now darkness would shade the white city. A third arrow joined the others in a moment of frightening stillness and hit Boromir in the very middle of his chest. The pain of his wounds waned. In honest faithfulness he finally realized that this doom was appointed to him, that he had been judged about; a little smile appeared on his visage. He paid for his folly at last. He hung his head in humility. At the last strike Merry had run forward. He stood close in front of Boromir now and rested his hand on his shoulder, as if to remind him that he was not alone. Boromir looked up and at him. Death was about to prevail over their fellow and all Merry could do was to stare with tear-filling eyes at his friend. And Boromir looked back into the halfling's eyes for a moment. He seemed to have accepted his fate, for the endless length of a moment they exchanged gazes of farewell, then he grimaced and whispered: "You must not linger here, Meriadoc. Run!" Merry blinked at this and his lips started to jitter. His whole being resisted this suggestion. To leave now would mean to abandon his friend in the hour of death. He could not do that and he would not! The last thing he would remember of Boromir was the desperation in his eyes. Then a cold cry of dismay behind him forced Merry to turn quickly to get a sight of his cousin and his heart almost froze a second time at what his eyes saw: Pippin lay motionless on the ground, glazing, only a few paces away; a big Orc stooped over his limp form. Still he had a big stone in his hand and he threw it with all he got into the Orc's face and it fell backward. Just then he felt a rough clutch on his left shoulder, he turned in fright and saw a big Orc with a sword in his claws but it was reversed, and as the hilt came crashing down upon him there was naught he knew for a long time. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ A piercing agony in his head was the first feeling he could remember, then a burning sensation throbbed afterwards like aftershocks following the obliterative earthquake. He almost got distracted with pain; he cried out and struggled wildly. Vaguely he was aware of a tall form bending over him and it had its calloused hand on his brow, and it rubbed something on his temple, which seemed to be the center of the pain; a tang was crawling into his nose. Instinctively he tried to push away the hand that was hurting him. In the nebulous world were he was there was naught to conceive what was going on, let alone to feel afraid of his predicament. When he heard laughter in mockery and a few grunts, he slowly became aware they were Orcs and that they were all around him, and when he writhed he had noticed that his hands were bound tightly,