Hellix A CorruptedHeart production. Name: Hellix Rating: M Ship: Renesmee/Alec. Fandom: Twilight. Summary: In a world where vampire's and human's live side by side in harmony under the laws of Stefan and Vladimir, everything was tranquil. Except for Renesmee Cullen, who desired freedom from working the system of the Hellix Facility, a place where all vampire rule breakers go. In her quest for freedom, she comes to find just how tainted the system really is from an inmate who is supposedly part of a rebellion, known only to be a myth. Chapter one: 031095. Today was the day. I was finally going to do it. I was finally going to ask to work in the red zone. Not that I didn't like the yellow zone, I just wanted to see if the stories were true or not. There were rumours of course. But no one knew for certain other than the employee's that already worked there, and even then... They spoke to no one. They kept to themselves. Hell, I had only seen them three times in my two years of working here, and six years over all attending this facility. And even then, they were only visiting to drop off documents to someone working within the offices. Why did I have to come here? Well, that's pretty simple. By orders of Stefan and Vladimir, the rulers of practically all. They had been in power since the dawn of time, or so the legend says. Vampire's and humans had been living alongside one another since the beginning, and they were the ones behind that. In every state there was at least one facility that all vampire's dreaded being sent to. Some might call it a prison, others might call it a institution, but the real name given for it was the Hellix Facility. A place that once you entered, you rarely ever left. Not that anyone ever came here happily anyway. I, alongside the other employee's, were that of the rare few who did leave. Vampire's were sent here if they were a danger to themselves, or others. Alongside that, I had heard you were sent here if you tried to oppose Stefan and Vladimir's orders. I was pretty sure not even the highest of the human's rulers dared question their way of things. After all, they were older, superior and a lot more dangerous than your average Queen or King. This was how things were, and how they would forever be. The reason as to why I had to go to the facility was because of what I was. My father is a vampire. My mother is a vampire... Now. She had met my father when she had been human, and they had began like every immortal couple. That lustful, envious vampire/human relationship most teenage girls fantasise over. They would vow to stay together forever, and thus that human would join the vampire world. My parent's story went a little different when it came to that aspect. My mother had gotten pregnant, and it resulted in me. A half human, half vampire phenomenon. I wasn't the only one, however; and just like every other hybrid within the world... I had to come here. To my nearest Hellix facility and endure countless examinations, observations and a few tests. On my sixteenth birthday, to continue the deal on letting me stay at home with my family, I had to work at the facility. That was two years ago now. Day in, day out; I had to take paperwork from level to level, get signature after signature, shuffle coffee to people and from the moment I turned sixteen... Help in the yellow zone. When I turned seventeen, I was authorized to enter the blue zone. There were three types of Helix facilities. Yellow zones- where most 'residents' stay. They have all the privileges as any mental institution does. Examinations from 2 till 4. Then the remainder of the day, and night if they wish, in the social area. Their cells were all facing the social area anyhow, so it wasn't as if they would miss much by staying in their cells. Blue - They were a little more restricted when it came to things. They were allowed three hours pers day from their cells, endured countless examinations and perplexes counselling methods. The rest of the time, they were to stay in their cells. And then the red zone. The zone I wanted to work in most of all. There were countless blue and yellow facilities, but only one red. In Romania, overlooked by our leaders themselves. I wasn't sure what it took to be placed into the Red zone. Were the residents there monsters? Were they so dangerous that they had to be isolated off? Were... They mutants of some kind? All these questions could be answered, to me at least, if I could just get authorised to at least go there once. Even though it would mean I'd leave my family behind in Alaska, since we'd moved in with the Denali's when I was twelve, more so to be closer to a facility, rather than having to travel from Forks to Seattle. The Denali's only lived fifteen minutes car ride from the Alaskan yellow zone, and half an hour from the blue zone; meaning I could easily move between the two as I saw fit, or as I was told to. Plus.. Having the extra heads around the house made it feel a little more safer. And today was the day. I had a meeting with my superior to discuss issues and the monthly report on the yellow and blue zones. So, today had to be the day right? That I would finally be promoted to work within the most restricted and highly secretive of all zones within the whole facilities of Hellix. I was finally of age to see the things that had been hidden from me since I was first brought to this place. I had been hard working, after all! In front of me was a large TV screen, broadcasting the vampire news, announcing anything new towards Stefan and Vladimir or their coven, minor crimes here and there. Scrolling along the bottom was the room temperature within the many, many zones across the world. All blue and yellow were 28. The lone red... 19. I had no idea why, but that place was always kept colder than the others. I turned my eyes away from the screen, merely because the news reporters hair flick always got on my nerves after a while. Walking past me every now and then were a mixture of crimson, blue, brown and black eyes. Employee's here varied. Human to vampire. This place didn't take race into account, evidently. However... I'd noticed that not too many human's were permitted to go into the actual social area's within the zones. Be that because of their blood, and the fact the vampire's within the zones had a set diet, I didn't know. I couldn't say I was the only half-breed to enter the zones, since that would be a lie. A close friend of mine worked alongside me. Nahuel. He too had been the outcome of a vampire/human pregnancy. Alas, his mother died to the childbirth and he never got the chance to meet his father. Presumably, as to what Nahuel says his aunt told him, the loss of his mother caused his father to go insane and become a danger to society, thus being sent to a Hellix facility. It was part of the rules after all. We were to live side by side with the humans. Abide their laws as if they were given by Stefan and Vladmimir. They didn't want a war, they just wanted the world to know of our kind. Of course, you had those who disliked the vampire race; and we couldn't really blame them. After all, we did live off their blood supply. However, there were blood farms for that. A rule enforced by the Romanian's after a severe battle with the human race back in ancient times. We wished to live alongside the humans, like brethren, but if they were to discriminate against our race and take action... They were sent to a blood farm. They would live the rest of their lives on that farm while making donations to our blood supply. Alongside that, anyone who had ever murdered, raped or brutally harmed another being were sent to the blood farms also. The human crime rate was practically non-existent due to these farms. Although I personally saw it as vulgar and inhumane, it was how things worked. And so far, they worked perfectly. We did live alongside humans freely. It didn't mean we were accepted any more though. The dawning thought of a blood farm just stopped human's from doing anything. The deal that the Romanian's made with the humans was simple and effective. We would not harm them, if they did not harm us. If they mistreat us or break our laws, they are sent to a blood farm or if it is minor, they are sent to standard prison - though not many get that option. A few, but not many. If we mistreat them, or break any laws, we are sent to Hellix. I guess you could say there are a mixture of vampire's here, since vampire's can't be expected to serve time in a standard prison alongside humans. 25 years to life is nothing to a vampire, but to a human... Well, it would be pointless to sentence a vampire to that punishment. Sending them to a Hellix facility, however... That was the main reason as why Nahuel jumped to the offer of working for Hellix. I was more reluctant, obviously; but Nahuel wanted to move between the zones. He was looking for his father. For as long as he could remember, Nahuel had searched endlessly for his father through countless Hellix facilities. There was only one he hadn't been permitted into entering. The Red zone, and he was convinced that was where his father was; since he'd had no luck in finding his father so far. All that had changed now, however. Four months or so ago, Nahuel had finally been giving access into going to the Red Zone to work under our leaders. Now, I just hoped that it was my turn. I'd finally be able to see what this zone was all about, alongside working with my friend again. I shuffled in my seat again, eyes flicking to the woman sitting at the desk typing away; a headset around her bleach blonde hair. Her bright ruby eyes were straight ahead, almost like glaring at the screen as she typed with a terrifying and violent speed. I couldn't really say much about this woman, other than she was jaw droppingly stunning, scary fast at her work, and severely moody looking. Wearing usual white lab coats for most employee's, with her ID number plate on her left breast pocket. 031101. That was another thing about this place. Names weren't used most of the time. Identities were used in numbers. Mine was pretty simple to remember. 031095. Of course, I identified myself with my number and then my name. I found it a little... Intimidating the way they only named themselves by their numbers. Addressed one another by their identification numbers, and so on. I much prefered being called by my name, even if none of them did it anyway. By giving my name, the option was always there. I usually took it upon myself to get to know the receptionist of a certain zone, however... I rarely visited the Yellow zone anymore. The Blue zone was where I was send to more often. The times that I had been based at the yellow zone, I had always seen Sophie on the reception, or otherwise known as 031098. But my inner thoughts of wondering where she was were soon answered as the elevator