Destiny A CorruptedHeart Production Renesmee Cullen/ Alec of the Volturi. Name: Destiny. Fandom: Twilight. Ship: Alec/Renesmee. Rated: M. Summary: Renesmee Cullen has lived for fifteen years without any 'accidents.' Though, as she reaches a mature age, the Volturi send in their dangerous weapon to keep an eye on and make a report on the half-breeds progress, but was stealing the heart of Renesmee part of the mission in the first place and is it possible for a Volturi member to return that love? R&R. I do not own Twilight. If I did, Jacob wouldn't have sucked so much. —xXx— In every love story, the guy always gets the girl. They run off into the sunset and then they live happily ever after. They wander through life and marvel at the beautiful times. they grow old, live life side by side, watch their creations grow and then they die. Well, one dies first —obviously— and the other is just so... torn and lost without that person; that they slowly die too. That's the way life goes. Unless... You're like us. Immortal. Your life never ends and you can spend the rest of eternity with that one person you love so dearly. Well, that is if you're anyone but me. My name is Renesmee Carlie Cullen —I know, a mouthful. I think my mom was on crack or something— I am a freak of nature. Half vampire and half human and this is my story. —xXx— Chapter one: Unwanted Visitor. "Renesmee, you're going to be late for school." My mom called at the top of her voice. Obviously she couldn't remember the teenager ritual. We were never 'late' we just arrived in a fashionable manner. Puls, didn't she remember being a teenager? Or was her brain so wired into mom mode now it was too hard to even relate to me anymore? Evidently so. My ritual was probably the same as every other teenage girl. Ignore the first wake up call from your mother, get up at the second or third —depending on how late you had stayed up the night before— had a shower, got dressed, ate and then left. On the way to school, you complain about every guy you know. How they were jerks for not even noticing your hair being different or having a new outfit, just to impress them. Guys, they were typical, weren't they? Treat us like dirt and not know how important we are until we're gone. My mom obviously didn't have this trouble with dad. Considering he says 'I fell in love with her the moment I set eyes on her.' If only we all had it that darn easy. Dad was out; helping Granpa' Carlisle with hospital runs and crap. Mom was pestering me (or in her language; trying to have 'girl talk') while I rushed to eat the cereal within the bowl. Gotta' love those crunchy nut. I was meeting friends at school. Hopefully they would have something interesting to talk about other than 'beware of the sun.' See, I didn't have the problem my mom, dad or the rest of my family had. They sparkled. I know, funny right? Me... I sort of glowed. Not like the glow a woman gets when she's preggers or just applied new fake tan. I wasn't that lucky. Don't get me wrong, I didn't look like some weird freak that just stepped out of some nuclear experiment or something. It was just a faint glow of the skin. Noticeable if you're actually watching me like some freaky stalker. But still, in the sun; I'd make sure I had my hoodie, to hide all traces of arm glowing as possible. My face, I'd hide with the hood up; avoid all windows and keep my head down. In all fairness, I liked the rain so much better. No effort in having to put on hundreds of clothes just so you can spend the rest of the day sweating your ass off. Eventually, I was able to set off into the world. Leaving my mom and all my home problems behind me. School was like my heaven. Yes, I was a teenager; who hated school. But at times like these, hanging with friends was probably the best thing about it. After all, I had to cherish each and every moment I had with my friends. I'd be moving in a few years and none of them would hear from me again. My life story. My checkered hoodie clinged to my body, with my long — yes, I classed myself as tall, even though I really wasn't— black skinny jeans hiding my should be glowing legs. With my bag on my shoulder; I hurried at immortal speed towards the edge of the forest. The cottage wasn't that far a run from the main road I'd have to follow in need to get to school. As the road continued to wind and bend with me walking; the sound of laughter soon infiltrated my ears. Walking up the steps; leading to the large building of doom, I found my peace. "Can you believe it's prom in less than... a month away and we still don't have dates." Ah, yes. Prom. Every girls dream, right? The day you can dance the night away, wear a pretty dress, be the envy of every other girl and dance with your high school sweetheart. Well, that is if you had a sweetheart. For my group of friends, we didn't. My problem wasn't the same as theirs. Theirs were probably nerves from talking too boys, didn't know what to say or do or even think for that matter. Yes, I did get nervous; but they were just guys. My problem was my family. How could I bring a guy home to a family of vampires, willing to rip his head off if he was to hurt me —mainly my dad, Uncle Em and Uncle Jaz— and explain why they were all looking at his throat longingly? Ahaha, that conversation would be pretty darn hilarious. Never the less, I joined in with my friends. "Hey guys," I whispered. "Hey, Nessie;" Ivy — the one complaining about prom— said. "What'cha talkin about?" I asked, leaning against the car she was. "Prom is in less than a month away and I still don't have a date. Neither does Shannon or Suzannah or.. or you for crying out loud!" The girls looked down, sighing deeply. I shrugged it off and gave the best pity smile I could give. "Have we got like... a male repellent or something?" "No. Don't worry. If push comes to shove, I'll ask Jacob and his friends to take us." All eyes turned to me. Great. Younger, I loved attention. So god damn much I was stupid enough to dance across the living room naked to get it. Now? Not so much. "What?" I questioned. "Jacob—freaking—hot—with—a—capital—H—Black?" I rolled my eyes. Of course they thought he was hot. He was a werewolf. Meaning those pecks came with the package. To them, they'd drool at the sight of him in a tux, me? Not so much. Jacob was my friend. I loved him an' all but I just didn't see a romantic side to it... yet? "Oh, oh, oh! I call Paul!" Shannon squealed. "No, I call him." Suzannah sniped; folding her arms. "I'd call Jacob but I suppose Nessie will be his," Ivy in a way hissed? I suppose it was. What was wrong with going to the prom with a best friend anyway? There was nothing wrong with it, right? I mean... I used to dance with Jacob at home all the time. What harm was it in school... in front of my friends... dressed up? I shuddered at the thought for some reason. "Girls," I said flatly, putting my hands out as if to calm them with my motion. "there's plenty of the 'hotties' to go around. Besides, they are the last resort. If we can't get real dates, I'll ask them. Okay?" "Okay," the girls replied; nodding their heads. Just then, the bell hollered. "We better get to class," I said quickly. Once again, they agreed. We'd all meet again at Lunch. Then we'd be able to talk boys fully. Thankfully, I had double English first. Meaning I didn't have to changes classes all the way up to Lunch. Today, we were learning some dialogue from 'Romeo and Juliet.' Mr. Herd had something for Miss. Wood so he combined English work with Drama. We were to learn Romeo and Juliet in English; then perform it in Drama with a partner as part of an audition for the play Romeo and Juliet. Yeah, we didn't really get a choice in it. You were to pick out your partners at the end of the week; learn it over the following week and then perform it on the monday. Lets just say, I wasn't hyped about picking a partner. I was the only one in my class who didn't have a friend sitting beside me. I was alone, in the back, watching others pass notes, giggle and stare at boys. Okay, okay. I did my fair share of staring at a boy. But I wasn't the only one. Every girl stared at him at some point within the school year. Nathan Newton. Who knew my mom's old friends would end up having such a darn hot son, right? Jessica and Mike had married shortly after mom and dad. Apparently, Jessica ended up getting preggers the night of mom and dad's wedding and to stop people thinking they were a disgrace, they got married. Sweet, right? Yeah, right. Forced into marriage because of a kid. A kid who turned out to be one hot moth- "Miss Cullen." My head shook instantly, coming back into reality. "Huh?" Mr. Herd was glaring right at me. As was the rest of the class. Great. I instantly felt my cheeks begin to burn. "Well? What if Juliet saying to Romeo when she states 'Deny thy father and refuse thy name;'" I blinked. Oh crap. How long had I zoned out for? People must have been staring at me like I was some kind of nutjob, chewing on my pencil and ignoring the teacher! If the world could swallow me whole at any time, I wished it would right about... now. "Oh, uh... Well, uhm. Deny thy father, means ignore him basically and to ignore her name? Meaning... just because she's a Capulet doesn't mean their love should be forbidden..." Mr. Herd looked right at me for what seemed like forever. His eyes being magnified by those ancient glasses. Eventually, he nodded and closed the open book in his left hand with a loud 'bang'. "Good... now who ca-" Once again, I zoned out as he continued to talk. Everyone turned back around in their seats while I relaxed and tried to calm my blushing features. No doubt I'd be the laughing stalk of this classroom for a while. Soon, however; the bell went. Announcing my freedom. I slowly began to pick up my books. That was until a pair of feet appeared next to me; causing my eyes to look up and almost fall out their eye sockets. Nathan. Freaking. Newton. "Hey," he said; adjusting his own bag on his shoulder. He was wearing the typical jock wear. Tee-shirt with the football jacket, jeans and sneakers. Nathan was too hot to even compare to the usual jock. Hell, he made angels look like freaking dirt. Every move he did was like in slow motion, with some sexual song playing. He had the warmest green eyes I had ever set eyes on. They were like... oak leaves in the middle of summer. Just gone into bloom. His hair was cropped short, due to the football season. But he left it spiky but fluffy at the same time? Those blonde locks... Snap out of it, Renesmee! "H...Hi," I managed to stutter. "Renesmee, right?" Okay,