Boo! And Happy Halloween from your friendly neighborhood Happyghost! I just managed to finish this little story for you in time to post it for the holiday. I couldn't have done it with out the help and super pre-reading skills of ¨GeezerWench¨ I think she worked just as hard on this as I did. (There were that many errors) That's what happens when you try to write something really fast. AND she wrote my summary! I became inspired to write a Halloween themed story of my own after reading her one-shot ¨Tell-Tale Heart¨ (SPOOKY! CREEPY!) So go read that too and don't forget to review! It's like candy in the bag! "What in the hell do you have in your mouth?" Jasper bellowed. "Fangs. You like 'em? Char's got a pair, too." Peter gnashed his teeth and attempted to look as vampy as possible. "Yeah, but why? Isn't there some sort of rule against that? And those look real. Sort of like something you'd see in a movie." Jasper squinted. "There should be a rule against it if there isn't one." He scoffed and rearranged himself in his oversized La-Z-Boy recliner. Charlotte came in from the other room, put an arm around her husband's shoulder, and gave Jasper a sharp-tipped, toothy grin. Jasper's reaction was to pull a face, crane his neck around her, and change the channel, once again, on his big flat-screen TV. "Aren't you even the least bit curious about where we got them, or how much they cost?" Peter asked as he took a step over, placing his body directly between his best friend and the football game he had decided was more important than their visit. "I don't rightly care. Move your ass." "Well, I'll tell you anyway." Peter crossed his arms over his broad chest and widened his stance, attempting to block out the screen that flickered behind him. "We ran into Garrett last week." "Garrett? That old cuss?" Jasper quirked an eyebrow and flicked the off button on his remote. "Don't tell me he had something to do with those ugly dentures." Charlotte grabbed a hold of one of her fake, pointed incisors and tugged. It popped right off. "It's not a denture, old man, these were custom-molded to fit our teeth. I think they're cool." Jasper sighed, feeling a little disgruntled Peter and Charlotte hadn't let him know their old friend was in town. He tucked in the foot rest of his La-Z-Boy, and stood. "Why didn't you tell me Garrett was in town? You could've called. I'd have liked to seen him." "That's what I've been trying to tell you the whole time . . . if you'd listen." Peter scolded. "He was in the area for a party." "But he's gone now?" Jasper sank back into his chair dejectedly. "Yeah, but he'll be back. The company that runs these parties has them about twice a month, and the next one they're having will be on Halloween. Garrett will be there, and he said we should bring you next time." "Next time? So you went to a party with Garrett, and what the hell does that have to do with those fake teeth? Was it a costume party?" "Something like that." Charlotte chuckled. Peter held both of his hands out in front of his chest as if he were bracing himself for an attack. "Now, Jasper, hear me out. I know you really don't like parties, but I have a feelin' you should come with us on Halloween. After all, Garrett invited us and it would be rude not to go." Jasper didn't give a damn about being rude to Garrett. He growled in exasperation and gnashed out each word. " What kind of party is it?" Peter spoke so quickly his lips barely moved. "It's a fetish party." "You must've been torn apart and put back together one too many times, Peter Whitlock, if you think you're gonna get me to go to your weird, crazy, dress-up, sex party." Charlotte rolled her eyes as she tried to explain. "But it's not really a sex party . . . although . . ." A dreamy grin spread across her face and she began to nibble seductively on her full bottom lip. Peter turned to his wife, stared deeply into her ruby red eyes, and then filled both of his hands up with the ample denim-clad cheeks of her ass. He spoke to Jasper but never broke his lust-filled gaze with Charlotte. " We gotta go, but we'll be here on Halloween night to pick you up for the party." "Whatever." Jasper snorted and attempted to wave away the happy couple's gooey romantic feelings from his living room as he flicked the power button on the remote. The glow from the flat-screen lit up the brown, drab walls once again. Just before Peter pulled the front door closed, he poked his head around the side and crooned, "Be ready by midnight, and wear somethin' scary." Halloween night. Peter and Charlotte arrived at Jasper's a bit earlier than they had planned to on Halloween night. After careful consideration, they wanted to make sure the Major had fed before taking him into a dark nightclub full of scantily dressed, undulating humans. Jasper let them in his front door with a grunt of acknowledgment and little more. Peter was disappointed to find Jasper wearing regular looking clothes instead of a costume. He pressed his lips together into a straight line and scrutinized him as he put on his cowboy boots and hat. "You didn't dress up, and you're not going to fit in—" "You're not tryin' to tell me how to dress, are ya?" Jasper leveled Peter with his icy tone and murderous glare. "You remember what happened to the last person that tried that shit with me." "I think he looks fine," Charlotte soothed. He was dressed all in black, and she figured that Jasper had done it so that he could stand back and blend into the shadows. She knew that he didn't want any attention, and frankly, she was surprised that he had agreed to go out with with them at all. Jasper looked up at his friends and really focused on them for the first time since they had entered the room. They were a strange sight, dressed in long, black trench coats, but underneath, Charlotte had on some sort of shiny, red, skintight bodysuit, and her pale blonde hair was teased up high into a poof. She had little red devil horns on top of her head that were covered in glitter, and high-heeled shoes that matched. Glossy, scarlet lipstick and dark, smoky eye shadow completed her costume. Peter was wearing black leather pants and a vest. His shoulder-length blond hair was slicked back with some sort of goo that made it look wet. Neither of them hid their blood red eyes, and they both sported little pointy fangs in their mouths. "You look nice, too." His comment was purposely directed only towards Charlotte. "Don't ya think I look nice?" Peter grinned, took off his coat, and turned around. The sight made Jasper hiss in protest. The whole ass portion of Peter's pants were missing, and he thought Jasper's reaction was hilarious. "Just wait until we get there," Peter laughed. "You've never seen anythin' like it." "I'm not plannin' on stayin' long enough to see anythin', especially if it includes your ass. I'll just stop by to visit with Garrett for a minute, and then I'm gonna go have a look around downtown . . . alone ." "Oh, honey," Charlotte cajoled. "Don't count yourself out just yet. You never know. You might have lots of fun." Jasper seriously doubted it. He doubted it all the way downtown to the old abandoned warehouse-turned-club where the party was being held. There was a large sign lettered with bright, red neon, illuminated by flashing strobelights. " Sin? " "Yep. This is the place. They put on a hell of a soiree," Peter said as he ushered Charlotte up to two actual vampires, masquerading as humans and working as bouncers outside the club. They patted the trio down, just for show, then waved them all in. "Garrett is expecting you." The bald one smiled darkly. "I believe you'll find him in the VIP section." Jasper warily followed his friends up the narrow, black stairwell that led to the main entrance of the party. "How many of our kind might I expect to find in here?" The thought of a large gathering of unknown vampires unsettled him. "Last time we were here, it was only Garrett and the bouncers. The guy who owns this place and puts on these shows is a vampire, and one of Garrett's oldest friends, but he's on his honeymoon." Charlotte spoke quietly, but even if she hadn't, Jasper was sure that no mortal would have heard her voice over the extremely loud music pouring from the door at the top of the stairs. "Garrett's here to make sure everything runs smoothly," Peter explained. "That . . . and chase tail." Jasper shook his head. He'd never understood his old friend's penchant for bedding humans. To him they were all akin to cattle. They reached the entrance and checked their coats. Jasper kept his black felt Stetson on his head, to Peter's chagrin, but it was Jasper who felt most humiliated by the sight of his brother's lily white ass glowing luminescent under the blacklights. Neither of the two vampires' embarrassment lasted for very long, for there was much too much to see. They entered the VIP area. It was on the second level, overlooking the stage and dance floor below. Sweet smelling faux fog billowed up from the floor below, and the speaker's bass thumped so hard that Jasper almost remembered what it was like to have a heart beat . . . almost. There were throngs of half-naked bodies gyrating on the dance floor illuminated by strobe lights. Whatever the people down there were doing looked more like sex to Jasper than dancing, and the professional act going on across the stage might have been one of the strangest sights that he'd ever seen. In fact, he just stopped right in his tracks and stared at the four women on the stage. They wore little more than bikini bottoms and duct tape over their nipples, and were pouring blood all over each other. He lifted his nose and leaned forward to get a better sniff. "It's not real blood." Peter draped his arm around Jasper's shoulder to herd him back away from the railing. "But Garrett has some of the good stuff back behind the bar, if you feel like fallin' off the wagon tonight." Jasper considered the offer. His eyes were glued to the women below who rubbed crimson liquid across their chests, stomachs, and mouths, then writhed seductively against each other. "Enjoying our burlesque show?" The unmistakable tone of Garrett's smooth, deep voice broke Jasper's fascination with the performance. "Is that what you call it? Good to see you again, Gare." The old friends embraced, and then took a step back to look at each other. "Is the rodeo in town?" Garrett asked jokingly. "No, Peter told me to wear a scary costume, so I decided to come as myself." Jasper tilted his head a bit and looked sideways at Garrett, wondering what he was supposed to be dressed as. "What are you . . . some sort of goat?" Garrett threw his head back and laughed. "I'm a satyr . . . a mythical, insatiable sex beast." He wore a sizable rack of horns on his head, reminiscent of a Big Horn ram, and he had on furry looking pants with hooves attached to the bottom in place of shoes. The only real clothing he had on was an aged, worn black overcoat. His long, lean chest and abs were bare except for a smattering