TwiFic Wonkyward Contest Title: The Wonky Boy With A Crooked Smile Pen Name: Rating: M/ NC-17 Pairing: Edward/Bella Genre: Romance, Humor Word Count: 5,319 Story Summary: He was an awkward and geeky boy who had absolutely no brain-to-mouth filter. When why did I fall in love with him? Now, that is a good question. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The Wonky Boy With A Crooked Smile Opening my eyes, I looked at the clock on the bedside table and smiled. It was only about an hour before the clock struck twelve. Still smiling to myself, I closed my eyes and allowed the memories to flood my mind, memories of him . -Flashback- The first time I laid eyes on Edward Cullen, he pissed me off. It was my first day at the middle school, after our move to the weirdo-too-much-rain-all-the-time-town of Forks. There I was, standing with my mom and happily licking away at the ice cream in my hand when he decided to show up. I did not even see where the boy came from, but what I did see was that mean boy bumping into me, making me drop my ice cream, and running away. My cheeks flushed with anger, and I threw away the now empty cone, before chasing after that rude boy. The sound of my mother's voice calling me to come back didn't make a lick of difference, because it was a hot day and damn it, I loved my ice cream. When I managed to find the boy, he was standing partially hidden behind a woman—who, judging by her looks had to be his mother—and trying and failing miserably to look all nonchalant. Being the brave girl I was, I walked straight up to the duo and opened my mouth—already having my angry voice at the ready. But before I could utter a single word, I saw him mumble something to his mother, and then she turned to face me. She looked at me with a kind smile and said, "I am guessing you are the pretty girl?" She cast a glance at the coward peeking from behind her, and he nodded, all the while trying to communicate something to her with his eyes. I started to call him a coward and tattle on him when I saw her smile broaden as she again turned to face me. " Hello, I am Esme Cullen, Edward's mother. I think you know my son?" She gestured to the boy with her hand. I crossed my arms on my chest, like my Mom does when Dad makes her mad. Then I narrowed my eyes at him before replying to his mother. "I know that he made me drop my ice cream and ran away without a word." His big green eyes widened behind the glasses sitting on the bridge of his nose, and he opened his mouth as if to offer an explanation, but I shut him up. I glared at him and said, "Do you know how hot today is? How could you do that? That was very mean and rude." " Because you're pretty," he blurted out, before clamping his hand over his mouth. I was confused when I asked, this time perching my fists on my hips, "You are mean because I am pretty? That doesn't even make any sense." He quickly shook his head and tried to clarify, "No, no. I did that because you are pretty." Before I could say anything else to make him blurt out some other stupidity, Esme took charge. She smiled kindly at me and said, "I think what he is trying to say is that he saw that you were very pretty and wanted to tell me all about the new girl in his class when school let out. That is the reason behind his running." " MOM!" he let out a wail and glared at his mother. Then he stepped forward and gulped before saying to me, "It's just that you are the prettiest girl I have ever seen. And because I cannot walk straight for shit, I knocked your ice cream out of your hand and…" Rest of his justification got lost in the frustrated cry from his mother. "EDWARD ANTHONY CULLEN! How many times do I have to tell you? YOU DO NOT CURSE IN FRONT OF A LADY," she said while slapping her hand to her forehead. He abandoned his apology and rolled his eyes at his mother and started to argue that if his dad cusses in front of her then he could skip being a gentleman as well. I blushed, feeling awkward for starting a fight between them and for not really knowing what to say in response. When they stopped arguing, I looked up at the boy behind Esme—Edward. Once I had gotten my anger under control, my mind registered just how handsome Edward was. He probably was the most beautiful boy I had ever seen. He had super crazy copper-colored hair that stuck out at all angles and bright green eyes. He must have seen me staring at him because suddenly, his mouth stretched into a grin with the left side rising slightly higher than the right, making it look crooked. In a small voice, I said, "Thank you. I should probably get back to my mom," before turning and doing just that. I had no idea why, but suddenly, I didn't mind that he made me drop my ice cream anymore. ~*~*~* The Wonky Boy With A Crooked Smile *~*~*~ My smile broadened as my mind drifted off to the first days of our friendship. He was my first crush, and I think I was his as well. The memory of our first kiss still made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. That was how much control he had over me in those early days of us . -Flashback- After the initial shyness had worn off, Edward and I started to talk , and by the week after his fourteenth birthday I had come to realize a few things about him. First, Edward Cullen was the most beautiful boy I was ever going to see. Seriously, he was so good looking, it was ridiculous. Most girls at school always laughed at his lanky built or his nerd glasses. But to me, he was beautiful and not just physically. No, he had the most beautiful mind as well. Second, he was funny and smart at the same time. If you had grown up in a house with two brothers, you'd have known how rare it is to find a teenage boy with both of those qualities. Third, he could become my very best friend. When we had the time to chat after school and during lunch breaks, I found that I was craving more and more time to hang out with him. And scariest of all, I thought I was developing a crush on the said boy. It all started off as simple smile exchanges and stolen glances, but now as I watched him, hiding behind a bookshelf in our school library, I felt my heart beat a little faster. Was I developing my first crush? Before I could find the answer to my question, I found that my feet had made me walk right up to the corner table where he was sitting at. I took in the way he shook his legs constantly as he tried to bury his head into the book he was reading—upside down apparently. Checking to make sure that our conversation wouldn't piss off the old librarian, I took a deep breath and said softly, "Hi, Edward." He gasped, looked up from his book with his eyes looking like a grasshopper's, and moved his head back as if to get away from me. I was startled by his reaction. What happened to make him react like this? I was just thinking of blurting out some ridiculous line from those sci-fi movies he liked, like "I come in peace" or whatever, when he started relaxing and settled back in his seat. Pushing his glasses back on his nose, he smiled up at me and asked, "Bella, what are you doing here? I mean, hi. Uhh… how are you?" I laughed at his attempt to word his thoughts and said, "I'm fine. I was just wondering what you were reading. I was going to meet Alice in here for a study session, but I think she ditched me for Jasper." " Oh, that's good," he said, clearly not having his mind in our conversation. For a moment, I considered just letting him be, but a part of me was worried about his reaction from earlier. Friends can worry about friends, right? So, I pulled out a chair across from him and sat down. Then I asked, "Edward, what's wrong? Why did you jump out of your skin when I said hi earlier?" He ran his hand through his hair, making it stand up even more and started to shake his legs faster than before. After a few moments of silence, he blurted out, "Because I don't want to kiss Mallory." " What?" I asked. Now the normal reaction in such situation should have been confusion, but maybe I was not normal, or maybe his presence made my head go all scrambled because what I reacted with was anger. All I could think of was Edward's lips on Lauren Mallory's, and I felt like steam was going to come out of my ears. The anger in my voice made him look up at me, making his glasses slide down his nose. He used his index finger to push them back in place and then started to ramble. "I didn't kiss her, I swear. I pushed her away and hid here… I mean, came here to study. I don't want to kiss any girl but you, Bella. Trust me." Wait, what? Did he just…? My heart went crazy in my chest as I tried to make sense of what he just said. He must have realized what he had just said because his eyes suddenly widened even more, and he slapped his forehead. "Crap! I didn't mean to say it. Honestly, Bella. I am going to shut up now." I nodded, letting him know that it would probably be a good idea. Once I found my voice, I whispered, "You really want to kiss me?" His cheeks reddened, he touched his glasses unnecessarily trying to fix them, and then slowly, he nodded. A weird sensation started in my belly, like there were a thousand butterflies trapped in there. I started to rake my brain about what to say to him when he decided to start talking again. "I really do. I mean, I haven't kissed anyone other than my mom and aunts, but I really want to kiss you, Bella. I know it's probably going to be awkward but…" This time, I reached over and used my forefinger and thumb to pinch his lips closed. When I was sure he wouldn't start talking again, I stood up and walked around to stand up in front of him. I took a hold of his hand and pulled him up to make him stand up too. Then I smiled at him and asked, "Will you shut up and just kiss me already?" The beautiful smile of his—you know the lopsided one? Yeah, that one stretched over his lips and he brought his face impossibly closer to mine. I could feel his breath fanning over my face, and there was a hint of peppermint in it that made me want to raid his mints stash. But I didn't do that. Instead I leaned in and brushed my lips over his. A few brushes seemed to take him out of his daze, and he wrapped one arm around my waist while reaching up with his other hand to cup