TwiFic Wonkyward Contest Title: The Fourth Floor Pen name: Pairing: Edward and Bella Genre: Romance / Humor Summary: Twenty-five-year-oldBella gets far more than she bargained for after a visit to the fourth floor of her company's office. Can Edward show her that appearances can be deceiving? Word count: (not including header) 12,109 . "Ha! In your face, Swan!" Alice yells. Damnit, I drew the short straw… or short pencil, as it were. "Don't make me go up there, Alice," I whine. "Rules are rules," she replies with a smirk. "I hate you," I grumble, picking up the stack of contracts. With all of the anticipation of a condemned man walking toward the electric chair, I make my way to the elevator bank, pressing the UP button. When the doors open, I step inside and force my reluctant fingers to press the button for the fourth floor. Once the doors have opened again, I step out into the hallway and the atmosphere just feels… different. It's like my cool factor has dropped by ten notches just by being here. I head toward Rosalie's cubicle, wondering how in the heck she can stand to work up here in Geek Central. "Hey, Rose," I call. My stunning blonde friend smiles as she looks up from her computer. "Hi, Bella, what can I do for you?" "I need two officers to sign these so they can go out in today's mail," I reply, waving the stack of contracts. "Sure, let me see who's available." She turns back to her PC, probably checking everyone's Lync statuses. Her fingers fly over the keyboard and moments later, I hear the ping of a response. "Jasper will be over in a minute." I nod, smirking a little bit to myself. Alice hates coming up here as much as I do, except when she catches a glimpse of Jasper Whitlock. Just wait until I tell her. As I stand by Rose's cube, I see two guys whom I don't recognize step off the elevator and walk in our direction. They both try to appear like they're not looking, but they're so staring at my legs in my black pencil skirt. It ends just above the knee — not even that revealing. I imagine neither one has ever had a girlfriend — this is probably the most skin they've even seen. I shake my head as they disappear into a row of cubicles. "Hello, ladies," Jasper calls, a grin on his face as he steps out of his office. Even though he's one of… them, he seems more domesticated or something. Human. "These each need a couple of signatures," I inform him, thrusting the stack into his hands. Jasper nods, his floppy blond curls bouncing, then scribbles his name and title six times. "Should I take them to Alec for the second signature, Bella?" "Oh, um, yeah, that'd be great." "Be right back," he winks, walking away. "Sorry," Rose apologizes. "I forgot you said they needed two. I know you don't like being up here any longer than necessary." I smirk in response; she knows me well. "R-rose?" a voice calls softly. I look up at the tall, thin man walking toward us, unable to keep from staring. His pants are normal enough — tan khakis — but his white short-sleeved shirt, which is buttoned-up to the very top button, is covered in orange and tan flowers. Worse, his reddish brown hair looks like it was cut by someone who put a bowl over his head and trimmed around it. He stares at me through eyes that are hidden behind thick, black-framed glasses. "Yes, Edward?" He jumps, tearing his eyes away from me to focus on Rosalie. "C-could you make a dozen copies for our three o'clock meeting?" He hands her a thick stack of papers. "Please," he adds softly. "Sure," she replies, thumbing through the pages. "Color?" "Yes, please." He swallows thickly, staring at me again, then gazes at his feet when he realizes I'm watching him. My brow wrinkles as I take in the odd way his legs seem to be turned. Does he have, like, some kind of deformity? "I'll bring them to you when they're ready, Edward." He looks up as if startled. "Oh, right, yeah." He turns and lopes back to his cubicle, not the slightest bit gracefully. I frown, watching as he turns to look toward me one more time before disappearing behind the cubicle wall. "Here you go, Bella," Jasper says, walking up to us and handing me the signed contracts. I thank him, wave to Rose, and hurry back to the elevators. I press the DOWN arrow, dancing around like a little kid who needs to use the bathroom, until the doors finally open. "You owe me big time," I growl at Alice, sitting down at my own desk. I begin stuffing the contracts into the legal-sized envelopes I'd already prepared. "Shut it, Swan. It was a fair contest." I flip her the bird over the cubicle wall. . I'm just getting ready to leave for the day when my Lync pings with an incoming message. I click to open it, then stare at the box in shock. Edward Cullen: Will you go out with me tomorrow night? "Alice, who's Edward Cullen?" I call. "Beats me. Why?" Not really wanting to tell her, I bring up our company's intranet site and type the name into the People Search. When the photo pops up, I immediately recognize him as Wonky Legs from the fourth floor. "Oh my God," I snort. "What is it?" Alice asks, standing up and trying to peer over the short cubicle wall at my screen. This is so great, I have to tell someone. "One of the guys from the fourth floor," I explain. "He asked Rose to make some copies when I was standing by her desk earlier. He just IM'd me to ask me out," I chuckle. Alice quickly darts around the wall, looking over my shoulder at Edward's photo. "Oh my God, who cuts his hair?" "No kidding," I snicker. "He's kinda cute though." I whip my head around, staring at her. "You're kidding," I deadpan. "Where's your imagination, Bella? Picture him without those nerdy glasses. His eyes look like they might be green." I look closer at the screen, and while Alice may be right about his eye color, I'm having a hard time picturing him without the glasses. I immediately type out an IM to Rose, waiting on pins and needles until she replies that she'll be down in five minutes. "You should answer him, Bella," Alice says. "He can see your status is green; he knows you're at your desk and ignoring him." I flip her the bird again. I tap my fingers on my desk until Alice finally reaches out to still them. When Rose rounds the corner, I breathe a sigh of relief. "What is it?" she asks, setting her purse on my desk. "Look." I point to the IM box on the screen. Rose's eyes widen as she reads the message. " Edward asked you out? Wow… I can't believe he had the balls to do that." "What should I do, Rose? I don't want to hurt his feelings, but…" "Go out with him," she replies with a shrug. "You've got to be joking." "He's a nice guy, Bella," Rose insists. "I swear, the guys up there aren't nearly as bad as the two of you have made them out to be in your heads." I look at her skeptically. "I'm serious! I—" Rose stops, looking around before lowering her voice. "Do you guys know Emmett McCarty?" Both Alice and I shake our heads and she motions toward my screen. I quickly type his name into the People Search, examining the photo of the smiling man with huge dimples and curly dark hair. "Emmett and I have been, you know, sort of seeing each other on the sly for the last three months," Rose confesses. "He may have a near genius-level IQ, but he's also hung like a horse." "Damn," Alice gasps, staring at his picture. "Emmett sits in the cubicle next to Edward. The two of them are best friends, so I've spent a little bit of time with Edward over the past few months. He's really sweet… and sensitive. If he actually put himself on the line to send you that message, you will crush him if you say no, Bella," Rose implores. Sighing, I stare down at my lap. I'm not a bitch, really I'm not. I remember being the new girl my junior year in high school, feeling like an outcast. I remember what it was like having a crush on our school's star baseball player, only to find that his taste ran more toward the blonde and slutty. "It'll just be a few hours out of my life, right?" I try to joke. I click back on the message box then type out my reply. Yes. . Edward responded within seconds, and we quickly made arrangements for the oh-so-traditional dinner and a movie. I offered to meet him at the restaurant, but he insisted that the gentlemanly thing would be to pick me up at my apartment. I stand staring into my closet after work, trying to figure out what to wear for my… date. I suppose I could just leave my work outfit on, since it was Casual Friday, but normally I'd dress up at least a little bit for a date. I finally choose my cute khaki miniskirt and a dressy tank. Remembering that we're supposed to be going to a movie after dinner, I also grab my cropped denim jacket, anticipating that the temperature in the theater will be somewhere between Arctic and Subarctic. Edward said he'd pick me up at 6:30, and at exactly 6:29pm, my doorbell rings. I take a deep breath and smooth my skirt before walking to the door to answer it. I throw the door open and am nearly crushed when Edward, who must have been leaning against the door, basically falls into my apartment, barely catching himself before completely face planting. "Uh… hi," he mutters, standing to his full height and running his hand through his hair. I stare up at him, unable to believe I actually agreed to this. And then my eyes trail up and down his body. He's wearing low-slung jeans and a plaid button-down shirt… with at least the top three or four buttons undone. Is that… is that chest hair I see peeking out? "Did you, uh, forget a few buttons?" "What?" He looks down. "Oh… um, Emmett said I should try to look sexier." I snort in laughter. "Well, it's not the 1970s, and you're not John Travolta." He cocks his head to the side, looking at me strangely. Shaking my head, I take two steps closer then put my hands on his chest. Oh. Oh dear… his chest is actually… hard and toned. I hastily do up two of the buttons and yank my hands away before I do something stupid… like running my hands all over his pecs. "Thank you," Edward whispers, staring at his feet. I grab my purse and keys then lightly place my hand on his arm, turning him toward the door. Once I've locked up, I follow Edward down the stairs toward the parking lot. I'm shocked when he stops beside the passenger side of a silver Volvo, hitting the button on the keyfob then holding the door open for me. I smile tentatively at him as he shuts the door, then buckle my seatbelt as I wait for him to walk around to the driver's side. He sits on the shiny black leather, somehow folding his very long legs underneath the dash before turning the key. "Um, I thought we'd go downtown… is the Old Spaghetti Factory all right?" he asks as he backs out of the parking space. "Sure," I nod. "I