TwiFic Wonkyward Contest Title: The Crush Pen name: Pairing: Edward/Bella Genre: Romance/Comedy Summary: Awkward Edward has 9 months to make his move on perfect Bella. Can he overcome his own social drama and make the moves on the girl of his dreams before time runs out? Word Count: 9784 I'm Edward Cullen, and I'm an idiot. I have a crush. Not just any crush, but a crush of incredible magnitude. Bella Swan. She's my crush, has been for ten years now. Oh, no, I couldn't just have a crush on Angela 'Bookworm' Webber, Tanya 'Tell me lies to get in my pants' Denali or Jessica 'Do anybody' Stanley. Nope. I had to have a crush on Bella 'Too beautiful for words' Swan. The problem? First it was braces, then glasses, and finally, it was acne. Now it's just me. Wellll, let's just say clumsy and awkward don't win over beautiful and graceful. Ever. I've been in school with Bella since 2nd grade when my family moved to Forks. I still recall sitting next to her in Mrs. Henderson's class that first day, her glancing at me sideways as I fluttered around trying to get settled in. I was a mess then, just like I am now. I've had a crush on her since that very moment in second grade when she gave me the side eye that turned into a stink eye. Apparently she didn't enjoy Elmer's Glue on her dress, or pencil shavings on her side of the desk, or marker on her sleeve. I spilled, smattered and smeared shit everywhere. Her dramatic sigh and irritated, "EDWARD!" proved just that. Bella Swan is the best person I know. She is kind, sweet, funny and sexy. She hangs out with the popular kids, but never makes you feel like she's above you. She's approachable, always smiling and has a nice disposition. She treats everyone the same. Her popularity is a problem for me, it's as if she has this shield around her, making me crazy and irrationally stupid. She just makes me so nervous. All that supreme beauty wrapped up in a sweet, petite package. It's like when I'm around her, I forget how to perform basic functions. You know, like, walk- talk- or think. I'm starting to fear I may die a virgin. I've never dated anyone, never kissed anyone, never done anything but dream about Bella. We're seniors and about to begin our last year at Forks High. I've decided that since I'm only going to be in school for nine more months, I need to try and change her opinion of me and at the very least, get her to notice me before I go off to college in August of next year. I've got two weeks until classes start here in Forks. Plenty of time to get my ideas together and put my plan in motion. Right? Operation: Get Bella Swan to notice me and maybe, just maybe, date her. Or at the very least, don't make things worse. September: Well, this month went out with a dull roar. And I mean a roar. Or do I mean dull? I was walking to my locker with my one friend, Jasper Whitlock. To say he's my one friend sounds as though I'm making it up. I assure you, I'm not. He's in the car club. Get it now? He's the only one who doesn't care what I look or act like. We stuck together since we're a lot alike in most ways. I told him about my plan. He wasn't the least bit supportive either. "YOU WHAT?", Jasper blurted loudly, eyes bulging out of his head. This was after I told him I planned on making it my mission to get Bella Swan to notice me. And not in the "Oh my God, this guy is such a douchewaffle" kind of way. "Ed, my man," Jasper drawled, "Ain't no way, no how, Bella Swan and her band of sexy sistas gonna ever notice your ass. Unless a'course you fall on your ass or get shoved in a trash can again." Did I mention that Jasper wants to be the white Kanye? Yeah, he does. "Well why not? I mean, I've got a lot to offer someone like her, and, I've known her forever. At the very least we should be friends," I answered passionately, waving my hands around wildly after I pushed my wire rimmed glasses up my nose. "Dude, really? Are ya for reals here? Your current 'f riendship ' with Bella is as close as you're ever gonna get," he said, stopping to face me, his head tilted sideways. His face held a comical curiosity, like when your dog looks at you when you ask if it wants a treat. "I'm totally serious, Jaz. I mean, I've had this thing for her for so long now and I leave in August for college. I don't want my life to be one big 'what if?', ya know?" "If I don't try, I think I'll be filled with regret and wonder what might've have happened." "Well, my man, I wish ya da best, ya gonna need all da help you can get. If you wanna know what might'a happened, lemme know, I got the word for ya, man!" he said, chuckling to himself as he walked away shaking his head, his pants hanging past his ass crack with a dirty motocross t-shirt adorning his upper half. That was when I turned around and smashed right into the object of my desire. Did I mention the fact I was carrying a container of motor oil for car club? Did I also mention that said oil dropped on the floor, just the right way and shattered? Yeah, it did. Not only that, but, it managed to get all over one, Ms. Bella Swan. I also, may or may not have gotten a boner when I saw her boobs as she bent over to check the damage. At least I could carry that memory with me. Right? October: I had Bella in my Current Events class. We were discussing school bans all over the USA. Some were weird and some weren't. Mrs. Chandler let us debate them and talk about why we thought they worked or didn't. Who could've known Bella was a debater? I honestly felt like my argument for allowing yoga pants to be worn to school would be a very popular one. "Edward, yoga pants are not acceptable clothing for school. They're not sweats, they're not pants. They're glorified pajamas" she argued. Damn, passion looked so fucking good on her. Mmmm, her cheeks were rosy, her breaths were coming out staccato and her eyes were lit up like the brightest star. I wanted to see her in a pair of yoga pants. Bent over… doing yoga… bending... twisting...yeah. "I've always felt people should be comfortable in a learning environment, Bella," I said smoothly while I spun my pencil around my fingers in what I liked to call my, 's exy finger maneuvers '. I was so proud that I kept eye contact and gave a small smile while I was casually slouched down in my chair. I was pretty sure I looked confident and in control. I just knew those yoga pants fit her like a glove and she looked hot. "Ugh! Why is your face all twitchy? Are you messing with me, Edward Cullen?" she said fiercely, her hands on her hips, giving me that weird side eye thing as her eyes caught the motion of the pencil. I panicked. I totally panicked. She could tell I was picturing her in those fucking yoga pants! Abort mission, abort! "Um, yeah, I'm messing with you. Sorry," I said quickly, as I looked down at the desk, dropping the pencil like a hot poker and sitting up straighter in my chair. I heard Rose and Alice snicker behind me. Great, October was a bust too. November: I got some hope, some real hope. It sustained me, it kept my faith in my goal alive. We were in English class. Everyone was being lazy because Thanksgiving break was coming up. Even Mr. Olsen was being laid back. Everyone was shooting the shit. Someone started telling jokes. I should've left it up to them. But noooooo, I just had to chime in. "You know what one turkey said to the other don't you?" I said bravely, after clearing my throat a bit first. I hardly ever spoke in this class, but for Bella, I'd do it. "Is that your pop up timer or you just happy to see me?" I finished lamely. Everyone groaned, except Bella. She looked at me and for the first time in my life, she actually smiled. It was small, but fuck, I'd take it. Then, IT happened. Thanksgiving day, turkey, gravy, mashed potatoes and stuffing. Oh, and my cousin, Emmett came over for dinner. Or as he likes to call himself, my "Savior". Emmett was one of the self professed, "cool" people, at his school in Port Angeles. A jock, a ladies' man, a joker and an all around badass. He thought I was nothing. Barely a blip on his radar. Until this year for some reason. "Aunt Esme," he started during dinner, "Are you ever going to let poor Ed get some contacts? And what about a haircut and some new clothes too?" he questioned, his voice strangely sympathetic. I looked over at him, my face awash with confusion. What exactly was wrong with my glasses, clothes and hair? "I mean, come on, he's got to get laid sometime in his life. Give the poor guy some help," he snickered. My face flamed in shame and embarrassment. My parents both lifted their chins off the table as my Aunt and Uncle both admonished Emmett for his unkind comments. But, really, were they unkind? He didn't say another word about it, until later when he got me alone. "Ed, you need to seriously think about what I said at dinner," he asserted. "You need a style makeover and I think I'm just the one to school you on it, too." "What did you have in mind?" I asked cautiously, all the while staring at him like maybe he was my savior. "Well first off, get rid of the Costco jeans, you look like a tool," he ordered while rubbing his hands together forcefully. "You need to get some jeans your mom didn't buy and my God, what the fuck kind of shirts do you have? You need some new shit, man," he continued, the look of disgust on his face making me feel horrible as he rifled through my closet full of what he deemed to be, shitty clothes. "Well, how am I supposed to buy new clothes. I live in Forks, for fuck's sake. Newton's only has Wranglers or that weird off brand that look like the acid wash kind that rocked in the 80's!" I said hotly, defending my poor choices and my poor choices. "Dude, here's what we're gonna do. Tomorrow is black Friday. We'll ask to go with the moms and hit some stores for you," he blurted. "I can help you, I've got mad skills, you only need me to give you a shove in the right direction," he continued, excitedly. So that was what we did. We shopped. God help me, we shopped. And, I got a haircut, two new pair of jeans, a couple flannel shirts, some graphic tees and my God, I looked totally different. Emmett said the only thing I could keep were my Converse. He said I "rocked" the Chucks. He also sadly informed me that the glasses were troubling and that I needed to work on my parents to get contacts. I don't know… I liked my glasses. Did I mention I hate shopping? Waking up the Monday after the holiday for school, I was a bit nervous. Emmett had left me a list