"Courtly love was a medieval European conception of nobly and chivalrously expressing love and admiration. Generally, courtly love was secret and between members of the nobility. It was also generally not practiced between husband and wife." - Wikipedia. La Vita Nuova July 17, 1996 - I was asleep in my room when suddenly, there was a light tapping on my window. At first, I was scared. I thought it was a monster or someone trying to creep in. But then, I realized it was Eddie, the kid from across the street. I'd known him for a while and we always played together when I came to visit my daddy - but why was he outside in my tree, banging on my window this late at night in his pajamas? I got out of bed and walked to the window, opening it as quietly as I could so that I didn't wake Daddy. "What are you doing?" I whispered. He looked scared. I wondered if something bad had happened to his family. "Can I sleep in your room tonight?" "What?" I asked. I thought I didn't hear him right. "My parents - they're fighting. It woke me up and I can't go back to asleep because they're so loud. Can I stay here?" I looked behind me and listened for my Daddy's snore. If I could still hear it, he hadn't woken up when Eddie climbed the tree - which appeared to be the case. "Okay," I agreed. "I guess you can sleep on the floor." I turned around and walked back to my bed as he hurried in and took a few steps forward, glancing around anxiously. "Thanks," he finally muttered. I threw a blanket and a pillow on the floor next to my bed. "Don't mention it." I got comfortable again and laid down, fluffing the blankets around my legs. He followed suit on the carpet, rolling away from me to face the window. I thought about asking him why he didn't go to Tanya's or Jake's, but then I remembered the everyone else was away at camp for the next two weeks. I was the only other person home. "Goodnight," he murmured. "Goodnight," I said back to him. And that was the last we ever spoke of it. It happened a few more times that summer, more times than I really know. It got to a point where I just left the window open for him every night, a blanket and a pillow on the floor. I never brought it up and neither did he. It was our little secret. August 29, 2004 - It was a hot day at Forks High School, the hottest first day of school on record. We were all sitting outside under the large oak tree, which had become a habitual hang out spot since ninth grade. As usual, Rosalie was suntanning, Alice was doing her homework, Emmett and Jake were wrestling a couple of feet away, and Jasper was throwing Cheetos at them from his spot next to Alice. Edward was taking pictures of the chaos as Tanya, who sitting between his legs, sifted through a magazine. As for me? Well, my customary spot was leaning against said oak tree as I enjoyed the revery. I had been trying to get some of Dante's "La Vita Nuova" out of the way before English next period. The assigned reading had been due for homework over the summer, but the eight of us had wasted those days away partying on Alice's parents' yacht. Needless to say, none of us got our summer work done until the week before school started. Jake and I had been officially together almost as long as the rest of the couples, a little over two years now to be exact. And I must say, the boy was damn near insatiable. It's really a shame that men and women hit their sexual peak at different times. Sometimes, I literally couldn't move after a round with that boy. He was the light of my life, my best friend, the only person to ever truly know me inside and out. Jake pinned Emmett down for three seconds and was declared the winner by Jasper. He waltzed back over to his spot next to me, throwing his hands up in victory. "Did you see that, babe? I nailed him," Jake exclaimed, placing a sweet kiss on my cheek as he plopped down next to me with a thud. "Oh yeah? Did he take it like a champ or squeal like a pig?" I teased, not even bothering to look up from my book. Jake laughed and leaned back, tossing one of my chips in his mouth. "Emmett squeals like a pig anytime he loses," Edward announced with a chuckle, flashing his brilliant smile my way as he flashed his camera right in Emmett's face. I involuntarily blushed and gave him an awkward smile in return. Jake playfully hit Edward in the shoulder, agreeing with his joke and taunting Emmett further. "I wonder if he squeals like that when Rose does him in the ass with her dildo," Jake joked. Which only caused Rose to interject. "Hey!' she shouted. The look on her face suggested she was going to lash out at us all for fucking with Emmett. Instead, her mouth twisted into a devious little smirk as she proclaimed, "My man loves my dick, alright?" We all burst into hysterics. "Laugh it up," Emmet joked. "You can say whatever you want, but we all know Edward screeches like a hyena whenever you press -" Emmett leaned in an squeezed the tender part of Edward's arm under his armpit. "- right here." Edward squirmed away from him and, just like Emmett predicted, screeched like a hyena. Jake and I laughed harder, if that was possible, and Tanya stood, huffing her way towards Emmett. "Stop playing around, guys. I'm trying to read about Britney Spear's crotch over here," she joked, giving them a playful giggle. Suddenly, the bell rang which announced that our fun was over. We'd certainly lucked out when we found out we were all on the same lunch schedule. We hated being apart from each other for any length of time, and lunch gave us just enough to catch up before rushing off to class again. We were the best of friends. Ever since we were just little kids, we've all lived in the same cul-de-sac, with the exception of Alice and Jasper, who were two streets over and a house apart from each other. The seven of them went to school together since they were children, but I had been a part of the group every summer when I visited my dad. It was always like I never left. Our situation was perfect, like we had formed a new family when our original ones failed to sustain us any longer. Tanya and Edward had been a "couple" since elementary school, which seemed equally as cute as it was creepy. A kid shouldn't consider themselves "dating" another kid, especially so young, but they'd survived it somehow, even with annoying eight year olds screaming "Edward and Tanya sitting in a tree" at the top of their lungs. It was sweet, the way he was with her - like she was his best friend, the girl who knew everything about him and loved him anyway. He looked at her like she was the last thing he'd ever see, and she saw the same thing when her gaze fell on him. The sheer disgusting cuteness of it all was enough to make you sick to your stomach half the time. Both sets of their parents were divorced and Tanya's mother had since started a new family. A new baby was much more interesting than two teenager daughters. Tanya was tall, lanky and blond, her tiny frame resembling the boyish-qualities modeling agencies often look for - all skeleton, no ass, no tits. Her tan was infamous in this small town, and the horny old geezers literally counted down the days until she busted out that first pair of daisy dukes. Edward was a little taller than her, had bronze hair and emerald green eyes. Of course, he was gorgeous as well. The bone structure in his face seemed to channel Michelangelo's "David" if you really looked at him hard enough. Captain of our swim team, he was long and in incredible shape. In our cul-de-sac, Edward lived right across the street from me with Emmett and their father, Carlisle, who had taken to the life of a workaholic bachelor after his divorce. Tanya lived next door to them with her younger sisters, Carmen and baby Irina, and their mother, Maria. Alice and Jasper made their relationship official freshman year at lacrosse try outs, even though they'd been friends for years. She'd accidentally hit him in the back of the head with a ball at full speed. He went down like a sack of potatoes. (I was actually a witness to this event, which was a lot funnier after the fact.) When he woke up, she was leaning over him, incorrectly giving him mouth to mouth. He thought she was an angel, she thought he was going to kill her. Instead, he asked her to the movies the following weekend while he was being loaded into the back of the ambulance - to which, Alice's reply was "How hard did I throw that ball?" The rest is history. Alice's folks were cookie cutter suburban middle class. Mom was a stay at home drunk, Dad was all business except for when he was cheating on his wife - which she knew about, and didn't seem to care. (I secretly thought she was screwing the pool boy, but Alice insisted that it was the gardener.) Jasper's mom had dropped him off at her sister's house before skipping town. She comes around every so often, for Christmas' and such, but never stays for very long and her encounters are typically not very pleasant. His father was in jail for drugs. It was possible that Jasper had never even met him - I'd never worked up the balls to ask. Emmett and Rose were your typical high school class couple. Emmett was captain of - well - every sport he played. Football, Basketball, Lacrosse - he ran all of that shit. He and Edward were twins, fraternal, that is, and they couldn't have been more different. Where Edward was rather skinny, almost puny sometimes, Emmett looked like a steroid case. They were both incredibly intelligent, but Edward was driven and excelled by actually doing the four hours of homework at night required by Advanced Placement classes. Whereas Emmett was lazy, and knew he just had to keep a c-average to qualify for sport scholarships. Rose was the head cheerleader, all three seasons and all four years. Others would run, but Emmett and Rose would be named prom King and Queen no matter what. Emmett stood around six foot four with the same green eyes as Edward and dimples that could melt ice. Rose was just as beautiful, standing five eight with silky blond hair and a rack like Jenna Jameson - except Rose's were real (at least as far as I knew.) Tanya's tan was infamous, but not quite as infamous as Rose's ass. She lived at the center of it all, between Jake and Tanya, merely two doors down from mine. And that leaves my sexy piece of man meat, Jake. Black hair, gorgeous tan skin (all year round), a set of six pack abs that you could literally wash clothes against. Of course, I'd known Jake my entire life. He was part of the group every summer and lived right next door to me. Our fathers were best friends, and apparently we used to play together when we were both in diapers, though I don't remember much of it. But, as far back as I can remember, he was