Disclaimer: This is a work of fan fiction. The characters, settings, places, and languages used in this work are the property of the Tolkien Estate, Tolkien Enterprises, and (just to cover all the bases) New Line Cinema, except for certain original characters who belong to me. I will not receive any remuneration for presenting the work on this archive site. In addition, this work is my intellectual property, and may not be copied or redistributed without my express, written permission. Flames are not tolerated – I only go for constructive criticism. If you don't like OCs in Tolkien's sandbox, or AU Tenth Walker fics, stay away! This story is rated M for a reason: language, violence, and eventual sexual situations. The Light Within, Prologue: Passage by: Sherrywine People are like stained-glass windows: they sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is light from within. ~Elisabeth Kübler-Ross FO 63 The royal hall of Meduseld, the resplendent creation of great king Brego, was as silent and still as a tomb. Its occupants were ensconced in mourning, the ladies of the court shrouded in black, and the servants were somber as they went about their daily tasks. Despite the strong autumn sun and pleasant temperature outside, the sweet-tempered blue jays that made the outer parapets home were lacking in song, and the mead-hall lay similarly hushed. It was as if the entire place had fallen victim to a curse. Such was the result of a beloved king's passing. Deep inside the walls, Rohan's Queen grieved most strongly of all. "Milady...?" The soft voice of a servant girl, Elia, interrupted the quiet of the cool, August day, and the slip of a girl stepped tentatively into the Queen's private chamber. There was a wealth of uncertainty inside her words; the girl was unsure how she would be received. Even if she would be received, for the Queen had closed herself off from all but her own children. The servant scanned the shadowed room, unable to locate the woman who she sought at first. The Queen stood on the balcony. "My Queen… ?" Elia tried again, knowing her lady would need to hear the information she bore. Ignoring the servant in favor of drinking in the last vestiges of that warm day on her face, the elder woman breathed in the crisp air sweet with fresh grass and herbs as she stood stiffly on the balcony. The Queen could not bring herself to turn from the balcony and gaze into the girl's young, sweet face – not today of all days. A mourning day, indeed. The servant was a too-personal reminder of days gone by; with a face that, should she choose to look, would surely be as flushed with youthful life as her own face had once been, and never would be again. The years had passed for the Queen and her King all too quickly. Today was a day of deeply saddened reflection, and she could not shake that heavy specter named Grief. Sighing lightly, features carefully schooled after many years of practice, the Queen allowed her thoughts to carry her away. She was old, now; the years of her life had passed before her as steadily and swiftly and unrelenting as the coming of spring after a long winter. Those years had crawled so slowly, carrying both heavy sorrows and boundless joys. And yet, with one careful, long look back at the whole of her experiences, time seemed to have flashed away more quickly than she ever could have imagined. It was as if time had moved in a wave of experiences, there one second and receding the next. There was a time when she was as meek and unsure as the maid herself. Now she was an elder among her people. The Queen braved a look at her deeply veined hands, wincing at how they curved with arthritis and at how paper-thin skin layered over deep blue veins. Old, indeed. On this day of days, for the first time in her life, the Queen truly felt her age. Yet the mirror did not reflect the person she saw in her mind's eye. Had it only been days past that she and her husband had playfully bemoaned the failings of old age to one another? No longer had they been able to chase and run about with their grandchildren, and the hot flood of desire that had been ever present between them had lowered to a simmering awareness never to be forgotten, though rarely stirred. "You are as beautiful to me as you were when we met," he had said, big, bony hands cupping her wrinkled cheeks. He had to have been lying, but after these many years, he knew how to make her smile. That gentle side that so few ever saw.. He had never been a man of sweet words of comfort; Éomer was a warrior through and through, and the many years at his side had not blunted the sharp blade his words could wield in a battle of words, nor the wickedness of his intellect. Though he rarely scored her with his weapons of speech anymore, many a man had had the unfortunate experience of facing them. And then, sooner than she would ever be prepared for, he was gone. It was in these quiet moments that she struggled the most with his passing. It was an empty vacuum of space without him in it. She was left alone – a half of what once was whole. Without him, suffocating and dying a slow death herself. The grief could scarcely be managed. Tomorrow, she would bury the man her heart and her very future had been given to. The enormity of that task she could not face. Not yet. Only years of training had kept her tears from drowning her. Knowing the servant girl was waiting on her, albeit patiently, the Queen of Rohan finally turned, gracing the young woman with a small smile, the tremble in her lips barely discernible, and certainly not to the young girl in front of her. The gesture could not possibly reach her eyes, despite her efforts. It was enough that she was trying, and all of Edoras could see that, at least. "Elia," the queen murmured gently, gliding towards the youthful, small girl despite the age of her limbs, "You have news for me." It was not a question. The Queen already knew what information the girl had come to share with her. The servant met her clear gaze tentatively before sliding away, in awe and embarrassment. This was her Lady, a woman she knew to be many things: kind of heart, gentle and loving of spirit, delicate of bone and muscle, but strong and as enduring as the mountains in the distance. This woman had seen and done many things, weathered many hurts. But never, never, never had anyone seen that look upon her face. A soul shattered irrevocably. The Queen thought she knew what the servant saw as she looked into in her face. Deep grooves of time, marked there by so many years of laughter and love, now stamped clearly with grief. She was unaware of how transparent she had become, and saw only how there was pain mirrored in the young servant's eyes. All of Rohan was grieving just as she was, for its' good king lost to death's embracing sleep. It was all so unexpected. As a woman, the Queen wanted to lay down and die along with him, but as a Queen, she knew there was no other choice but to endure. So while Rohan grieved the loss of noble, prosperous, good years that had passed under Éomer's reign, his Queen could not afford to. Her husband would have expected no less from his consort. How would she get through the next day? Even now her mind strayed from duty. The Queen despaired and trembled inside, knowing all that would be expected of her in the coming weeks. Even as her spirit cried out in anguish, she could barely breathe for want of her man beside her. She had forgotten what life was like without him in it. Forgotten what it was like to mourn a life forever changed and gone from her sight. My love, I need you so. .. But so, too, did the whole of Rohan need her. They would need her strength and wisdom now more than ever. There was little choice. Squaring her shoulders, the queen drew herself up and took a deep breath, having all but forgotten the servant girl waiting nearby who watched her with questioning eyes. Yes, she would do this, because her husband would have wanted it – nay, more than that – he would have expected her to shoulder this as strongly as she was able. Her son would ask for her wisdom in his first days as King, of course. His advisers would continue to look to her for guidance even after his coronation. She was needed, now, more than ever. But how would she manage without the other half of her very being? It was a question she could not answer. She did not know, and perhaps never would. Truthfully, her old age and growing list of infirmities reminded her that the resiliency of youth had faded from her life with the passage of years. The Queen's thoughts ran away from her again, as they did more often of late, but the young servant's soft voice brought her back to the cruel present. "The King of Gondor has arrived, milady," the servant reminded her. Ah, yes. Aragorn and Lady Arwen had arrived. So, too, had a delegation from Ithilien who had come to mourn the King's passing, among them the King's own sister and brother-in-law. But the servant girl would not know outright that they were separate parties, given that for so long they had been one along the craggy roads of Rohan. The Queen inclined her head in acknowledgment of the announcement, the motion regal if stilted. She wondered how many others from the years past would come to grieve for Rohan's mighty king. "I will be there momentarily, thank you," she murmured, turning again to the balcony, drawing whatever comfort from the vision of the city below that she could. Though the Queen had lived in Rohan for many years, her voice carried a note of foreignness that the servant girl found no less odd than the first time she had heard it. It was faint and barely discernible above the reedy, thin quality grief had given to the Lady's speech, and it would be impolite to inquire about it. Knowing she had been dismissed, Elia curtsied deeply and backed out of the chamber as silently as she came, leaving the door slightly ajar without a word. Heavy silence descended within the room once more, save for the faint shouts of men and women and children going about their lives in the village below, that could be heard through the open balcony doors. The stillness and renewed quiet of the room no longer comforted the old Queen, but instead turned to suffocating loneliness. Her grief, it seemed, would not be assuaged today no matter what she tried. Never in her whole life had she felt this kind of crushing sadness. Even looking at her empty marriage bed, filled yet with many happy memories, brought pain. Her legs shook weakly within her stockings, wobbling and swaying under her slight weight. Unable to support herself any longer, the Queen took the few remaining steps toward her bed before collapsing within its soft folds. Heedless of her clothing or hair, she buried her face in the sheets. I could sleep for a thousand years. Life as she had known it was changed; those who knew her best would understand how difficult that would be for her. Never had she