REWRITTEN OUTFITS ARE ON POLYVORE I ONLY OWN TIA ODELL, JASMINE ODELL, ADAM ODELL, EMILY FAWCETT, ERIN FAWCETT AND GWEN ASHCROFT "Tia, can I see you downstairs? It's important!" I heard Uncle Adam exclaim. I have been living with Uncle Adam since I was born. From what I could gather, my mom had died when I was a baby and I don't know my dad that well, but I could figure out that he had left me with my uncle. My uncle used to be mother's brother before she died because yesterday on my birthday, I could hear him mutter about how much I look like my mother when she was young. I had made it downstairs and when I did, there was a giant man in my living room. "I don't want to be rude, but who are you?" I asked. "Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts. I hasn't seen you since you was a baby, Tia." he replied. How did he know my name? I gave a suspicious look to Uncle Adam. "Uncle Adam, what's going on?" I asked. "I never meant to let it out like this." Uncle Adam muttered as he gave me a letter. On the envelope, it says… Miss Tia Odell The Bedroom Upstairs 3 Ravendale Street Norwich, Norfolk, UK I sighed as I opened the letter. When I opened the letter, that's when I begin to question what was going on. On the top of the letter, it has a crest that consists of a lion, a badger, a snake and an eagle. On the bottom of the crest, it says Draco Dormiens Nunquam Titillandus. Underneath the crest in big lettering, it says HOGWARTS SCHOOL OF WITCHCRAFT AND WIZARDRY . Underneath the lettering, it says... Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump and International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Miss Odell, We are pleased to inform you that you have a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find an enclosed list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 September. We wait for your owl no later than 31 July. Yours Sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress "I don't want to be rude again, but what the bloody hell is all of this?" I asked. "You're a witch, Tia." Hagrid says. I couldn't believe my ears. "A what?" I asked. "Have you ever done something that you couldn't explain? Whether you're angry or scared? Didn't you ever wonder where your mum and dad learned at all?" Hagrid asked. Then realization hits me. "So, all of the times that I would get in trouble for school…" I started to say. "Yep. That's because why." Uncle Adam said. I turned to him. "You knew all this time, didn't you?" I asked. "I did. My sister got a letter from Hogwarts. I remember my mother and father being proud of her. Even I'll admit, there are some times that I wished I would go. Then, she met your father and they were in love by the first time I heard about him, with her hating him at first. And then she had you and I know that you're gonna look like her someday." Uncle Adam started to explain but then when he was continuing, he had tears in his eyes. "Then, she died...with your father disappearing out of thin air and the next thing I know, you were on my doorstep and here we are now." Uncle Adam continued to explain with a stray tear falling. After all of that, Hagrid broke the tension. "We best be going now." he said. Uncle Adam tucked a piece of hair behind my ear. "I know that you're gonna have a good time at Hogwarts as did your mother." Uncle Adam said as he kissed my forehead and I knew that I have to leave. Hagrid and I are on a boat going to a shack on the rocks. Because it's raining, I had a black raincoat. But, why we are going to a shack on the rocks, I don't know why. We made it to the shack and Hagrid knocked on the door a couple of times before fully knocking it down. Hagrid and I went inside the shack. In there is a beefy man who hardly has any neck and a thick mustache, a thin woman with blonde hair, a boy who is overweight with blonde hair and watery blue eyes and a boy with unruly jet black hair and almond green eyes with round glasses. "Couldn't make us a cup o' tea, could yeh? It's not been easy journey…" Hagrid said as he stepped towards the overweight boy, who is on the couch. "Budge up, yeh great lump." Hagrid said and that made the overweight boy to squeak and run over to the thin woman, whom I believe is his mother, who is hiding behind the beefy man who is holding a shotgun and I believe that the beefy man is the overweight boy's father. Hagrid walks over to the boy with the glasses. "An' here's Harry. Las' time I saw you, you was only a baby. "Yeh look a lot like yer dad but yeh've got yer mum's eyes. Like Tia 'ere. She looks a lot like 'er mum but I could see the mischief in 'er eyes, like 'er dad." Hagrid added. I gave the boy, who is named Harry, a shy smile and he gave me one back in return. "I demand that you two leave at once, sir! You're breaking and entering!" The beefy man said. "Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune." Hagrid said as he leans over the couch to grab the gun that the man was holding and bent the gun into a knot and threw it in a corner of the room. The man, Dursley, made an odd noise as Hagrid turns back to Harry. "Anyway-Harry, a very happy birthday to yeh. Got summat fer yeh here - I mighta sat on it at some point, but it'll taste all right." Hagrid said as he got something from the inside pocket of his overcoat and gave it to Harry. When Harry opened the gift, it was a large chocolate cake with Happy Birthday Harry written on with green icing. Harry looked up at Hagrid. "Who are you?" Harry asked, making Hagrid chuckle. "True, I haven't introduced meself. Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts." Hagrid said as he stuck out his hand for a handshake and once Harry accepted the handshake, it was kind of an armshake. "What about that tea then, eh? I'd not say no ter summat stronger if yeh've got it, mind." Hagrid said. I don't know what he was doing when he bent over the fireplace then when he came back and the fireplace was on fire, lighting the whole room with warmth. Hagrid sat back down on the couch and brewed up several things to make the tea. "Don't touch anything he gives you, Dudley." the beefy man said to the overweight boy, who's name is Dudley. When the beefy man said that, Hagrid chuckled, darkly. "Yer great puddin' of a son don' need fattenin' anymore, Dursley, don' worry." Hagrid said and when Hagrid said that I bit my lip to control my laughter. A few moments later, Harry spoke up. "I'm sorry, but I still don't really know who you are." Harry said. "Call me Hagrid, everyone does. An' like I told yeh, I'm the Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts - yeh'll know about Hogwarts, o' course." Hagrid said as if it were obvious that Harry knows what Hogwarts is. "Er - no. Sorry." Harry said, quickly. "Sorry? It's them as should be sorry! I knew yeh weren't gettin' yer letters but I never thought that yeh wouldn't even know abou' Hogwarts, fer cryin' out loud! Did yeh never wonder where yer parents learned at all?" Hagrid barked out. "All what?" Harry asked. I have a feeling that the family that Harry is staying with are asses and I feel sorry for him. "ALL WHAT?" Hagrid spoke loudly and then he turns to face the frightened family. "Do you mean ter tell me, that this boy - this boy! - knows nothin' abou' about ANYTHING?" Hagrid continues to speak loudly. "I know some things. I can, you know, do math and stuff." Harry said. "About our world, I mean. Your world. My world. Tia's world. Yer parents' world. " Hagrid said with a simple wave of the hand. "What world?" Harry asked. Hagrid looks like he was about to explode. "Uh-oh." I said, softly. "DURSLEY!" Hagrid boomed at the frightened man and whispered something that was unknown. Hagrid then stared Harry, incredulously. "But yeh must know about yer mum and dad, I mean, they're famous . You're famous ." Hagrid said. "What? My - my mum and dad weren't famous, were they?" Harry asked. "Yeh don' know...yeh don' know…yeh don' know what yeh are ?" Hagrid said, still staring at Harry, bewilderingly. The beefy man then spoke up. "Stop! Stop right there, sir! I forbid you to tell the boy anything!" the beefy man commanded, causing Hagrid to look at him, furiously. "You never told him? Never told him what was in the letter Dumbledore left fer him? I was there! I saw Dumbledore leave it, Dursley! An' you've kept it from him all these years?" Hagrid asked, every word dripping with rage. "Kept what from me?" Harry asked, wanting to know. "STOP! I FORBID YOU!" the man yelled and the woman gave out a gasp of horror. "Ah, go boil yer heads, both of yeh." Hagrid said then he looks over to Harry. "Harry - yer a wizard." Hagrid said. Silence has now flooded the lace. "I'm a what?" Harry asked after moments of silence. "A wizard, o' course. An' a thumpin' good'un' I'd say, once yeh've been trained up a bit. With a mum an' dad like yours, what else would yeh be? An' I reckon it's abou' time yeh read yer letter." Hagrid said as he handed the letter over to Harry. "What does it mean, they await my owl?" Harry asked. "Gallopin' Gorgons, that reminds me." Hagrid said as pulled out an owl,… Yes, an owl,... And a roll of parchment. From what I could read, it has said… Dear Professor Dumbledore, Given Harry and Tia their letters. Taking them to buy their things tomorrow. Weather's horrible. Hope you're well. Hagrid Hagrid rolled up the note, gave it to the owl and the owl clamped the letter in it's beak and threw the owl into the storm. "Where was I?" Hagrid said then the beefy man got angry. "He's not going." the man said, making Hagrid grunt. " I'd like to ter see a great Muggle like you stop him." Hagrid said. "A what?" Harry and I asked in unison. "A Muggle, it's what we call nonmagic folk like them. An' it's your bad luck you grew up in a family o' the biggest Muggles I ever laid eyes on." Hagrid said. "We swore when we took him in we'd put a stop to that rubbish, swore we stamp it out of him! Wizard indeed!" the man said. "You knew? You knew I'm a - a wizard?" Harry asked in disbelief. "Knew! Knew! Of course we knew! How could you not be, my dratted sister being what she was? Oh, she got a letter just like that and disappeared off to that - that school - and came home every vacation with her pockets full of frogspawn, turning teacups into rats. I was the only one who saw her for what she was - a freak! But for my mother and father, oh no, it was Lily this and Lily that, they were proud of having a witch in the family!" the woman shrieked in jealousy. "Then she met that Odell girl who