**I've had this idea for a while, but I've decided to put it down on paper now, so please review and tell me what you think so far! Thanks so much!** Chapter 1: The Reaping "Celeste Greenwich," Was I surprised? No. Was I sad? Yes. Was I terrified? Surprisingly no. Was I angry? Hell yes. Maybe anger is the wrong word to use in this situation. I wanted to slowly boil President Snow in a bath of hot oil and then rip out his intestines and carve my family name into his back and hang him up for all of Panem to see. Instead, I looked up and smirked as the camera landed on my face and the screens behind Secci changed from Panem's insignia to my smug features. There was a collective gasp from the audience, and I met their shocked and scared looks with a sardonic smile and a wave as I stepped out into the isle that separates the 12-18 year old boys from the 12-18 year old girls. A few people actually started choking out sobs and holding in wails; I wasn't one of those people. I was done playing Snow's game, and I was done being an innocent little girl who needs people to defend her. On a whim, I blew kisses to the camera and to the crowd of District 10; ironically, District 10 isn't even my real district, not that I had one to begin with. I was practically a victor already due to spending most of my childhood in the capital with the actual victors, who I would call my family, if I could really call anyone my family at this point. My sister had been a victor; she had been chosen much like I was being chosen now. The bowl full of names caught my eye, and I refused to let any of my rage and sadness show in my eyes or on my face. Celeste Greenwich. That was what the slip of paper that Secci held in her trembling fingers read; of course, every other slip of paper in that glass bowl would have read Celeste Greenwich as well. Just like every slip of paper had read Melody Greenwhich when my sister was reaped for the 53rd, but this isn't the 53rd Hunger Games; this is the 74th, and I'm not Melody. I'm Celeste, and I don't have a family waiting for me when I survive the Games, if I survive the Games. I'm alone. Those Games. The Capital. Snow. They took everything from me. Now it's time for me to return the favor. I reached the stage and ascended the steps with my chin up and a look like I was above the peacekeepers and the Capital and Snow and the Games, but when I turned around I met the gaze of the people with respect and defiance battling in my eyes. Then, I touched my forehead lightly with three fingers, then my chest and then my lips before holding my hand out to the people. The gesture was a symbol of respect among the people in any district; the forehead represented the mind, the chest represented the body, the lips represented the soul. Traditionally, the person you were extending the courtesy too repeated the gesture, but I didn't really expect anyone to. Three girls and four boys did. I knew all of them. I'd been sent to 10 two months ago and given a house in the Victor's village and some money. I'd gone to school; they farm in this district. Their job is to raise the livestock, so it was a bit interesting considering I've lived in almost every other district. I knew I was going to get reaped, so I didn't attempt to make any friends and, in fact, attempted to push them away, but it happened anyways. Two of the three girls were crying, not lightly either, Robin and Serena, but the other one, Rose was standing tall, saluting me with a determination and assurance in her eyes that made me stronger. None of the boys were crying, though they looked dismayed and terrified; all of my friends had tried to convince me I wouldn't be reaped. My eyes skimmed over Birch, Avon, and Richie to land on Jack's fearful, angry chocolate orbs. I slowly lowered my arm, and they followed suit after a moment. "Alright," Secci couched uncomfortably; I just gazed at her with what I hoped were cold and unforgiving baby blue orbs. And for the gentlemen," She fished around for a moment before finally fishing a name out of the bowl. She opened it up, and took it in before reading it out to the people of the square, who waited with baited breath. "Axel Steline." Instantly, there were shouts of protest and a boy started sobbing and shouting 'no' over and over again. It wasn't till they dragged him out from the crowd of young men that I realized what had gotten the crowd so worked up. He had a bad foot. They were sending a cripple into the games, and he was a young cripple. The boy couldn't have been older than fourteen. I was eighteen; there were more eighteen year olds that had gotten reaped and this poor boy was fourteen and a cripple. The boy was hauled on stage and was deposited on the other side of Secci (I could barely see him Secci's hair golden wig was teased so high). I could hear him though; his sobs echoed throughout the clearing and only worked to make me angrier. "You will now shake hands," Secci announced, her voice sounding pompously excited with a tinge of something I'd rarely heard from the voice of a capita's woman before: pity. He limped towards me and looked up to meet my gaze through tear filled topaz eyes; he was an average height for his age probably around five two, which meant he was a good four or five inches shorter than me, now that he was in front of me maybe closer to five. He held out his hand and I stepped passed it, instead choosing to wrap my arms around his thin, quivering frame. He responded to the hug almost immediately, choosing to hug me tightly back. I stroked his hair but didn't speak. What could I say? I wasn't going to lie; the kid had already gone through enough today. He didn't need my lies and false comfort; it would only make it that much worse when the reality sets in. "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, but you have to be brave. Okay? Your family is watching you; you have to be brave for them," I whispered the words to him; the only thing I could think of that wouldn't sound horrible or give him false hope. I felt his head nod against my shoulder and slowly released him, and he turned to face the crowd, his jaw set in determination. To my surprise, he repeated my gesture from earlier, and my friends responded again with a few other people. Before it could spread the peacekeepers were there, pushing us off the stage and ushering us towards the building where we would say our last goodbyes. The room was dank and depressing with plain wooden floors, walls, and ceiling, a plain wooden chair in the middle, and a plain wooden desk in the corner of the room that I'm assuming has never seen use. My friends all came in at once, couldn't wait to see me off I guess. Robin and Serena attacked me: hugging, kissing my cheeks, but mostly crying. "You're g-g-g-good with a bo-b-bow, r-right," Robin got out between sobs, looking at me desperately, searching for some sign to hope. "She's right," Rose fixed me with her calculating amber gaze. "You said your father trained you in defense and weapons. You can win. Then you can come back. I've seen you with knives and a whip, you won't miss. You can win." She repeated the phrase as if assuring herself as much as anyone that it was true. As soon as I untangled myself from Robin and Serena, I hugged her hard. "She's right," Birch agreed as I hugged him as well. "You can," "I told you when I came here that I was going to get reaped; I didn't tell you I was going to lay down and die. Oh, take care of Snap while I'm gone," I told them with a grin, embracing Avon next. "Figures, you were just reaped for the Hunger Games, facing death and you're worried about your dumb cat," He let out a choked laugh which made me hug him harder. "She's not dumb; you're dumb for not understanding her," I laughed lightly, trying to keep my rising emotions under control. I moved on to Richie, who wrapped his muscular arms around my petite waist. I was petite, which would work in my favor to deceive my enemies into thinking me helpless. If all of Panem didn't know me, I could've done well with the innocent act. Worked for Johanna. "You can't leave, Cel. Who's going to get me out of trouble?" I grinned into his shoulder. "I'm sure Rose can do it just fine," He glanced over and grinned at her. They were in love with each other. Had been forever, but both of them didn't want me to tell the other. "Do me a favor," I glanced over at Rose and then back to him. "Get together already, we all know you're in love with each other," Rose's mouth popped open and she blushed furiously, sending me a glare. The silence had only begun when a peacekeeper poked his head inside and told me I had one minute left. Richie glanced at Jack before hugging me tight again. "We'll leave you two alone," He told Jack and I, and I almost called them back as they disappeared through the doorway, each giving me one last look before they left. "Well, I for one am going to miss your jokes about our brown eyes," He smiled, but it was weak and shaky with only a crumb of real humor. "Everyone has them! There's not one person who is in District 10 that doesn't have brown eyes," I spoke vehemently causing him to laugh, but then frown. "They're right. You have to try to win, for us. I know about your past and your sister won, so maybe it runs in the family or something…" He trailed off hopefully, and I grinned and looked down because if I didn't grin or if I met his eye I would cry. "Do me a favor, JJ," I looked up at him, using the nickname I'd made up for him when I first met him. "Don't watch. If I-" I choked on the lump that had risen in my throat, but swallowed thickly and forced myself to continue. "None of them. If I'm dying. Don't watch. I don't want you to see-" My voice cracked, and I swallowed again, calming myself as Jack's arms were around me and I buried my head in his shoulder, breathing in his scent. It was musty and woodsy, but it was pleasant and gave me a twinge of nostalgia. I broke away from him and took a deep breath, meeting his chocolate orbs with my baby blues. "Time!" The peacekeeper called, and suddenly Jack grabbed my face and kissed me harshly. I stiffened in surprise and pulled away; I didn't like him, not like that. He just shook his head and laughed wryly. "I didn't think you would, but I had to try. I had to tell you," He pressed something into my hand, and I looked down to see a bracelet. It was made of leather that he had woven together and tied. When I looked up the peacekeepers were already grabbing him and dragging him across the floor despite his struggles. I took a step towards