Glorfindel and the Mearas chapter 1 This is a stand-alone story. But for those of you who enjoyed my story "A Prank on Glorfindel", this is the tale of how the magnificent Eirien Malloth came to be Glorfindel's horse. If you wonder what happened to Asfaloth: Asfaloth is Glorfindel's horse at the end of the Third Age, when Frodo comes to Rivendell. For those of my stories that take place when Elladan and Elrohir are little – early in the Third Age – I wanted to have a horse which would not be 'Asfaloth the Second', but which would nonetheless be worthy of the Balrog Slayer from Gondolin. This story takes place early in the Third Age, 25 years before the birth of Elladan and Elrohir. O-o-O-o-O Third Age 105. Evening came early on this side of the Misty Mountains. The sun had long ago stopped warming the skin of the golden-haired Elf, as it disappeared behind the snow-capped peaks of the Hithaeglir to sink into the Western Seas far away on the other side of Eriador. Glorfindel relaxed in his saddle as he prepared to ride on until dark. Tomorrow he would cross the River Rhimdath. Although he suspected no enemy activity this far south of the Orc Capital in Mount Gundabad, it would never hurt to take some extra care. But this evening his senses detected no danger, regardless how far he allowed them to stretch East, North, South and West. During the day eagles had flown high overhead, watching him, though never coming close. They had followed him ever since he had passed the latitude of their eyries, some fourty miles north of the Old Ford of Anduin. Three days earlier he had enjoyed the spectacle of the sun rising over the Greenwood as he had crested the High Pass above Rivendell. On the following evening he had camped in the foothills of the Misty Mountains, and by morning he had left the Old Road and turned northwards. Now he was about to cross into more dangerous lands. With the Hithaeglir on his left and the Anduin to his right, he was steadily approaching the Ered Mithrin, the Grey Mountains, a mountain range that bordered on the Northern Waste. If all went well, three more days would bring him to the lands between the rivers Langwell and Greylin, the sources of the Great River Anduin. He wondered what he would find there. More than a century had passed since Isildur had cut the Ring from Sauron's hand. The Dark Lord and his evil servants, the Nazgûl, had vanished altogether and darkness had fled from Middle Earth. Peace and joy were awakening once more into the hearts of Elves and Men as all the living creatures that breathed the air of Arda rejoiced in the renewed safety of their lands. Elrond had returned to Imladris, devastated by the loss of his dear friend and King, Gil-galad, and worn by the seven years of hardship on the plains of Gorgoroth. He had withdrawn into the silent inner chambers of his house, blind to all the joy and relief filling the Valley as families were reunited, blind to the needs of his advisors, who dealt with the numerous representatives of Gondor and Arnor flooding into the Valley to ask for the counsel of the Elves. Blind, even to the beautiful elleth who silently held her vigil outside his rooms, bringing him meals that he left untouched for days. It had been Círdan and Glorfindel who had eventually forced Elrond from his stupor and made him face his tasks, but it had been Celebrían who had eventually found a way to heal the ellon's heart. Glorfindel deeply respected the endless patience of the gentle daughter of Celeborn, who had spent weeks, months and even years tending to the broken heart of her beloved Elrond. Safe in the arms of his dear Celebrían, Elrond had returned to his duties as Lord of Imladris. When Isildur had been slain not three years after his victory on Sauron, Isildur's only remaining son and heir Valandil had to be made ready for the throne of Arnor. In seven intensive years Elrond had prepared the gangly youth for the enormous task that now lay upon his shoulders. During many years and decades after the young Adan had ascended the throne, Elrond had dispatched his Elven advisors to the city of Annúminas, and messengers ongoingly rode back and forth on the Great East Road and along the river Baranduin, carrying missives and long letters from Valandil to Elrond, and vice versa. When Valandil's wife had born him a healthy son, Valandil had requested that the child be fostered in Rivendell. So at fourteen years of age, a shy but playful Eldacar had ridden into the Hidden Valley by the side of his sire, the King. Peace prevailed in all the lands, north and south, east and west – or so it seemed. But Elrond had not yet forgotten about the Orc Lair of Mount Gundabad, the capital of Goblin breeding and activity. Far in the north, where the Grey Mountains intersected the Misty Mountains, the enormous, great mountain Gundabad pompously filled both land and sky: an enormous snow-capped monster, in whose belly – once in a far past – Durin, Father and first of all Dwarves, had been awoken by Aule himself. Long past were those days of renown: now the evil creatures of Morgoth infested the deep, dark places of the ancient mountain. After Sauron's Fall, his black-blooded followers had either been killed or had fled in the aftermath of the Big Defeat. But with the passing of a century, some of the revolting creatures might be coming out of hiding. Elrond wanted to be sure to keep an eye on them before they could again regroup in great numbers. By the time rumours would arise of sporadic orc-attacks on populated areas, it could already be too late, the Lord of Imladris had reasoned. It would be better to know what they were up to as long as the disgusting creatures were still hiding and abiding in their caves. Over the last one hundred years, Glorfindel had undertaken a journey north to the lands on the knees of Mount Gundabad about every five to seven years. And indeed, over the course of the last two and a half decades, orc-activity had gradually increased. It would be wise to monitor the development. O-o-O-o-O Two weeks later, in the land between the rivers Langwell and Greylin Slipping down from his high perch in the top of a tree, Glorfindel quietly made his way back to his camp as the first rays of Anor stained the snow on the top of Mount Gundabad with a pinkish hue. The orcs had once again been out in small companies during the night, foraging for the most part, satisfying their hunger and their beastly lust for cruelty. Glorfindel winced as he remembered the frightened screams of the doe that three orcs had been torturing to death when he had come upon them. His first arrow had released the poor deer from her agony. The next ones had hit the orcs neatly between the eyes as they had dumbly looked up to see where the unfamiliar arrow had come from. It had not been his intent to kill any orcs. He had long spoken with Elrond on the matter, and both Elf Lords had agreed that no good could be gained from alerting the orcs to the presence of an Elf, lest they suspect that their moves were being watched. Glorfindel had not, however, been able to watch the gentle-eyed animal suffer so needlessly. He had removed his arrows from the carcasses and had maimed the dead orcs sufficiently with their own weapons to make it seem as though they had fought amongst themselves over the meat. Then he had withdrawn into the trees, observing the movements of the orcs for the remainder of the night. Stopping at the banks of Greylin, Glorfindel quickly scanned the lands around him before he bent to wash his hands and face in the icy water. There were no orc dens or caves in this particular area: he had thoroughly scouted the surroundings before he had set up his little camp in a small patch of trees, a little further up-river. But his exploits were telling him that the orcs were moving ever further east of Mount Gundabad. He had even seen a small company of orcs to the east of the river Greylin last week, heading towards the eaves of Greenwood. Their numbers had been too few to pose a serious threat. 'Probably a mere bunch of rebels, eager to find some profit of their own,' he mused, as he dipped his hands in the clear water and drank thirstily. In the days of Sauron's rule the movements of the orcs had been planned and clever – and dangerous. With their master gone, the witless creatures lacked the insight to plan anything other than small, disorganized skirmishes, oft times killing their brethren on impuls, driven as they were by greed and a deeply rooted selfishness. The majority of the orcs lived deep in the heart of Mount Gundabad, never venturing out in the fresh night air, fearing not only the sun, but even the jewels of Elbereth that twinkled abundantly in the skies. However, the movements of the few that did travel under the night sky were a good indication for the situation underground. And these movements were increasing with each of his visits to the Northlands… O-o-O-o-O As Anor climbed steadily up into the clear blue of day, the wide grassy plains of the lands between Greylin and Langwell seemed to shine with white and golden light. For as far as the eye could see, the meadows had been sprinkled with more daisies than even an Elf would be able to count in the span of his life. Glorfindel rested beneath the trees where he had made his camp these past three days, his eyes slightly glazed over as he walked the paths of waking dreams, restoring his strength. Without a companion to keep watch, he only allowed himself brief spans of time for sleep. Although he had dipped below the surface of consciousness, his senses were still focused outward, and he would wake upon the slightest indication of a possible threat. But the sparkling, silver-white creature now approaching the copse of trees where the lone child of Ilúvatar rested, was of purest intent. She had no other aim than to satisfy her playful curiosity. She was a young mare of the Mearas, a breed of wild horses of which legends said that their ancestors had been brought to Arda by Oromë himself. Born in the 'Land Between The Two Rivers' not five years earlier, she had never before seen a two-legged creature as the one that was lying beside the silver birch tree on the grass. She whickered softly in greeting to the dark-haired stallion that had accompanied the slender being since he had first crossed the river Langwell into her lands. There, now the golden-haired wanderer stirred. She snorted and ventured a little closer, her ears turning forward to this miracle of creation. Glorfindel blinked as his eyes came back into focus. Feeling safe and serene as though he were still an infant in his mother's arms, he inwardly knew that there was not the slightest of threats in his immediate surroundings. Something had woken him, though… The soft, warm breath that touched the top of his head made him jump to his feet! The young mare, for it had been she who had carefully snuffled the golden braids, shied backwards and immediately left the copse of trees, returning to the grassy plain with an indignant flick of her tail. However, not far from the trees she halted and turned around, her interest still piqued by this two-footed newling. Glorfindel gazed at the