Disclaimer: Full credit for characters and any other intellectual property of Rick Riordan. I am merely building a foundation based on his work and do not claim possession of it. Perseus Hello, my name is Perseus Jackson and you may not call me Percy unless I explicitly say so. I am the son of Neptune, the Roman God of the Sea. As a child, I was raised by Sally Jackson who is my mother until I was ten years old. On my tenth birthday, my birthday party was crashed by a hellhound. I remember the memory as if it was yesterday. I was celebrating with my birthday with my friends and family at my house. My mother made me a cake that was blue inside and outside because she knew it was my favorite. I was about to blow out my ten birthday candles when the hellhound attacked. It seemed like they appeared out of nowhere because I did not notice their presence until the entire room went crazy. Everyone began to scream and panic. Some individuals were running for the exit while others were jumping through the window. To be quite honest with you, it was pretty funny as I watched my friends and family go crazy. I had completely forgotten about the hellhound as I immersed myself in the reactions of my friends and family. It was funny until I realize that the hellhound was ignoring everyone else and coming directly for me. As it pressed towards me, I began to step back slowly. Each step that it took forward was another step that I took backwards. "Percy!", my mother screamed as she moved towards me. As I observed my mother more closely, I realized that she showed no signs of fear. However, she wore a sad expression on her face. "Focus on the water, it shall save both of us my son. Follow your gut!", she added. I did not understand what she meant by use the water but I followed nonetheless as my mother has never led me down the wrong road before. I closed my eyes and thought about water but nothing happened. I began to get anxious as I opened my eyes. A couple seconds later, I was pinned to the ground by the hellhound. The hellhound opened his mouth to end my life and I closed my eyes preparing for the impact but it never came. I opened my eyes to see my mother throwing anything she could find at the hellhound. "Percy run!", she bellowed as she kept throwing objects at the beast. The beast was getting annoyed by my mother's action so he attacked her. He pinned her on the ground in the same positon as it had previously done to me but this time was different. It was different because the very thought of my mother being harmed triggered an impulsive need to protect her. It was at that point that I followed my gut as she had insisted before. I held out my hands similar to how a butterfly opens its wings and soon water began to flow from every direction. It was like there was a river in my apartment and my hands were the river mouths. As the water gathered at my fingertips, the hellhound noticed what was happening and attacked me once again. I looked at the beast defiantly and screamed, "No one touches my mother". I clapped both of my hands together and the water rushed towards the hellhound. The water hit the hellhound with such force that it disappeared on impact. The only thing that was left in its absence was golden dust. The water disappeared and I rushed towards my mother to see if she was okay. As I was inspecting her body for injuries, she smiled at me proudly before saying, "I knew that you could do it. You will be a great warrior one day Perseus, I believe in you". "Thank you mom but what exactly did I do?", I asked curiously. "You just successfully controlled your father's domain and killed your first monster my dear son", she replied happily. She stood up and dusted herself off. "You are the son of Neptune Perseus but now is not the time to talk. I must get you to the place that your father spoke off", she added. She went into her room to get something but I was still processing the bombshell that was just dropped on me. I am the son of Neptune. I am a half – god and a son of one of the most powerful gods as well. I guess that in a sense I was not very surprised. I had always had an inclination to water especially sea water. I even remember the time when a class of fishes called me 'lord'. I thought I was just suffering from a loss of oxygen but apparently it really happened. My mom returned with two envelops and a sea green ball. She stooped down on one knee so that she could look me in the eye. "I will always love you no matter what Perseus but it is time for you to become the hero that you were destined to be. In my hand, I have two envelopes and a transportation ball that your father left for this specific moment. One letter is for you and the other letter you will know what to do when you reach your destination. Do you understand what I have said so far?" she asked. "Yes, I do", I replied. "Good, now I want you to smash this ball at your feet when I say so and you will be on your way. I know everything must be confusing right now but it will make sense soon. I will contact you as soon as I can but until please remain safe and follow your gut instinct", she whispered as tears started to fall from her eyes. I immediately realized how hard this must be for her even though I did not fully understand what was happening. I pulled my mom into a hug and whispered, "Don't worry about me mom. I do not know what exactly is happening but whatever it is I promise that I will be the best that I can be". She wiped the tears from her eyes and said, "That is the least of my concerns Perseus, I know you will make me proud. She smiled after she finished speaking and I returned it wholeheartedly. She kissed my forehead and added, "Smash the ball when you are ready and be safe". "I won't let you down mom and I love you", I replied as I smashed the ball. Well that was my backstory and now it is time for me to catch you all up to date. After I smashed the ball, I reappeared in Lupa's wolf house. Lupa greeted me very harshly but I was strangely not afraid of her. She told me that my lack of fear was very impressive for my age and also unusual. Then she asked me why I was here and I gave her the other letter that my mother had given me. After she finished reading the paper, she gave me a pitiful look and began to explain her job. She told me about New Rome and the twelfth legion. She also told me that she would be giving the basic training and I would be on my way to New Rome. She told me to rest the night because I would have a hectic couple of weeks ahead of me. Later that night Later that night I opened the letter from my dad. When I opened the letter, I saw a pen with a Latin inscription that translated into Riptide. I took out the pen and began to read my dad's letter. Dear Percy, If you're reading this, then I guess that I am too late. I thought that I would be able to contact you personally when you were exposed to the godly world but alas I am too late. The purpose of this letter is to let you know that I have not forgotten about you. I may not be able to contact you or talk to you all the time because of divine rules but I am always watching over. At Camp Jupiter, you will experience hardships solely because you are my son. The Romans are not very fond of the sea and you will unfortunately bear the brunt of their dislike. I apologize for such a misfortune in advance but I know that you will overcome anything that constrains. After all, the sea cannot be constrained my son and I know that you will bring honor to my name. In this envelop, you will also find your birthday gift. I hope that you like it. Train hard and be honorable by son – Yours truly, Neptune. I closed the heartfelt letter from my dad with newfound motivation and determination. 'I will not let you down father. I will bring honor to your name', I prayed silently. Time skip: Two months later Narrator For the next two months, Percy trained ferociously under Lupa's guidance. She taught him the ways of Rome and how it operates. She told him what it meant to be a Roman and Percy took it all in. He was dedicated to bring honor to his father and his dedication was shown through his training. He practiced day and night with his sword and godly powers for two months. He was so dedicated that even Lupa was slightly impressed. However, Percy's time with Lupa was coming towards an end. It was time for Percy to go to Camp Jupiter. Lupa realizing this summoned Percy one day to talk to him. "You have done well Perseus Jackson. You are on the path of a great Roman general if you keep this up. Who knows, you might even be my next Remus", Lupa said. "Thank you my lady but surely you did not call me here to praise me", Percy replied sternly. Lupa looked at Percy from head to toe. She smiled inwardly as she saw the fine soldier he had morphed into in the timespan of two months. His body was more define and he was in tremendous shape. Even as a child, his body was that of a man. His face was very angular and his sea green eyes radiated power but demanded respect. They also possessed a pitch of rebellion but that was understandable as one cannot constrain the sea. The only thing that Lupa was dissatisfied with was Percy's refusal to comb his messy hair. Lupa had tried multiple times to get him to comb it but he refused on the basis that it was the only physical trait that he got from his mom and he would keep it. Lupa was brought out of her train of thought when Percy cleared his throat impatiently. "Patience my young one, you must learn patience", Lupa reprimanded him. "My apologies", Percy said. "But you were right. I did not call you here to praise you. I summoned you here because it is time for you to go to Camp Jupiter. It is time for you to start building your legacy. As a son of Neptune, you will not be well liked at camp. You will most likely be placed in the fifth cohort because of this dislike as well. If you truly want to honor your father, then you must not let this hold you down. You must work hard and show everyone that you are worthy of being respected. Do you understand Perseus?" Lupa asked. "Yes, I understand", Percy replied confidently. "Good, I have one last thing to give you before you leave for camp. Your father has asked me to give you another sword as he has been following your training", Lupa said. Percy smiled inwardly as he heard those words. "He sees