A/N: Hi everyone! This is my first Hunger Games fic ever, and I hope you like it! Of course I love (biggest understatement of the year) Peeta and Katniss together, but I just wanted to write something about Cato and Katniss together, because they're probably my favourite HG crackship (despite the obvious fact that they'd never get together). I just have this weird intuitive assumption that after the movie they're gonna be the new Dramione/ And I wasn't really into Clove's character nor did I buy into the whole ClovexCato conspiracy, but that's just me. Anyway, I hope you like it, updates may be infrequent as I have school coming up as well as have to attend to other fics and more pressing matters, so once again, enjoy, and please tell me what you think by hitting that cute little 'review' button at the bottom of the page :) Thanks, and I claim no ownership over the Hunger Games universe nor any of its characters or materials, unless stated otherwise explicitly. No intentions of earning money or profits are present in the writings of this story. Thankyou, and please review! torrid By the way; this is in third person perspective, simply because I don't particularly feel I like writing nor have the skills available for writing an effective first-person narration (it's mostly 'cause I feel like I'm writing myself into the story, and that just feels awkward to me). this is a horribly written chapter, my apologies. This was really hard to write, lol, and I may consider re-writing it. Broken by sweetlittlething x.x.x Chapter One - Anemone "You used to captivate me By your resonating light Now I'm bound by the life you left behind Your face it haunts My once pleasant dreams Your voice it chased away All the sanity in me These wounds won't seem to heal This pain is just too real There's just too much that time cannot erase" - My Immortal, Evanescence . . . It was just the three of them - she, the one who was once on fire, he, the boy with the ever-fading blue, blue eyes, and him. Their worst nightmare. But she wouldn't let him win. No, she wouldn't let him destroy what was so precious to her. Katniss Everdeen would not let Cato take Peeta away from her. Poised with hunter's muscles flexed and an arrow practically quaking to be released from its hold and into Cato's head, Katniss narrowed her eyes and gulped silently, trying her best to resist the temptation of trembling in front of everyone. She was scared, it was true. Scared of the pack of rabid Mutts beneath them, scared of what Cato was capable of, scared that the light would flicker out of Peeta's ever-fading eyes, scared of what she herself would do if Peeta was taken away from her. But she was determined not to let it show. She would not let her fear conquer her. Deciding to be strong, just as she was when she was 11 and had realised she needed to be the supporter of her family once it became clear her mother was going to do nothing to help them after her father's demise, Katniss shifted her stance slightly, but not enough to completely send Cato over the edge and into pushing Peeta into the pack of Mutts below. This was not a time for fear. Fear would get her nowhere, and right now fear would not be the saving light that would make sure Peeta was returned back to the safe zone (or whatever atleast somewhat resembled it, here in the arena). Calm yourself, Katniss, she told herself steadily, sweat tricking down her brow, now is not the time to go into hysterics. Peeta's life is hanging in the balance here. Focus! "What do you plan on doing now, Firegirl?" Cato taunted, his voice practically dripping with triumph and a certain sadistic glee that sent Katniss' mind spiralling with fear. Katniss loathed that tone of his voice. Victory, she thought glumly, her heart dropping with dread while she felt a chill of recognition run through her, he knows he's going to win either way and there's nothing I can do about it. "Shoot me and he goes down with me," the Tribute from District 2 called to her, his message clearly conveyed through his tone of delight and an expression likened only to that of Buttercup's when he had caught a new mouse as prey. I've won, and you can do absolutely nothing about it, his glinting eyes gloated at her. Right now, they were in a stalemate. Atop the golden Cornucopia, Cato had Peeta in a firm headlock, Peeta a despairing image with a gaunt, grey face and a mess of a bloody leg Katniss was sure would need to be amputated. Should he survive, that is, she noted with a very real hint of panic and terror. Currently, the baker's son of District 12 was fighting a very problematic and distressing battle: whether to attempt to keep breathing, a thing Cato's muscular arm prevented, or to reduce the amount of blood loss from his thigh wound. Either way, the odds were definitely not in his favour, and all Katniss could do was watch hopelessly, while Cato relished in their pain and agony. She wanted to do anything; anything at all to wipe that damned smirk off his lips and snuff out the flickers of amusement in his cool blue eyes. If there was one thing Katniss could be counted on it was definitely not going down without a fight. But now, she was helpless. If she shot Cato, he'd go down with Peeta with him. And if she didn't... Peeta... she didn't even want to think about it. It was idiotic, she knew. If she was viewing this from an entirely realistic and objective point of view, as Tribute of the Hunger Games and not Peeta's comrade (she wasn't sure what they were, anymore) then this would have been a good thing - allowing her competition to finish each other off, so that she wouldn't have the deed of killing Peeta himself hanging over her head. But she couldn't do it. Those moments in the cave... they changed everything. And, because of them, everything seemed to blur into one chaotic mess. For the odds were never very dependable in Katniss' favour. Stricken with both horror and awe at how much she had truly come to care for Peeta, a boy associated with a feeling she herself was unsure of, Katniss knew right then and there that she needed Peeta much more than she needed anything else in the world. She needed Peeta to survive. The gravity of their grave situation came falling down on her once more, and when she saw Peeta's eyes go blank momentarily, everything she had fought against let loose - the next thing she knew, tears pricked at her grey Seam eyes, while she heard a voice crying out, pleading and shrieking. It took her a few moments to realise it was her own. "Peeta, you can't - !" she screamed, logic and inner-calm flying out the window as she lunged forward, hand outstretched to grasp Peeta's own, close, so close, so close that she could almost - ! his hand was gone. It was all in slow-motion, like those horrible scenes one would see in the movies, the audience watching in horror, knowing the terrors that would unfurl yet remaining completely helpless, with nothing to do to stop it. For Katniss, watching Peeta flung to the side of the Cornucopia and into the sea of rabid Mutts was one of those moments now. At that moment, Katniss was sure the world was truly a hideous, cruel, rotting thing, snatching away the last thing that could convince her otherwise. At that moment, something shattered and fell apart. At that moment, Katniss Everdeen had lost all hope in the world. It can't be... no... it can't... Peeta... Peeta... PEETA! "PEETA!" Katniss screamed, Cato unsure whether it was she or Peeta's cries that were more pain-filled. All of a sudden, Katniss flung herself to the edge of the large, golden horn, her eyes wide with terror while her lungs burned with pain. She refused to stop calling for him, fists clenched as all hope slipped from them. Finally, after a few moments, all logic came flloding back into her as she felt her outstretched hand lower in defeat. "Peeta, no... " she whispered, heart literally bursting at the seams as she realised what she had to when his screams of despair finally sent her the message. Put me out of my misery. After a second of silence, Katniss picked herself up from the ground, Peeta's screams and whimpers still echoing throughout the battlefield as she pulled an arrow from her quiver, head downcast and eyes hard as flint whilst Cato stood on the golden surface, close yet so distant from her. All he could do was watch as her fingers tightened around the weapon that had once granted pain and death. Now, it only granted peace and a release from all the suffering. She had to do it. She had to kill the Boy with the Bread. The boy whom she had only realised just now, to her utter self-loathsomeness, she had grown to love. She had to kill Peeta. "Peeta..." Katniss whispered, words heavy with grief and pain , as she raised her arrow and bow, aim right and true, "I'm so... so sorry. .." a flick of the wrist - and it was done. The only confirmation of her deed accomplished was the mournful echoing of a cannon firing. He was dead. But she wouldn't allow herself to cry, or mourn or weep. Crying would do Peeta no good (now that he was dead ), and if the Hunger Games had taught her anything, it was that life and its harsh realities did not condone sentiments and mourning; rather it stepped right over it and kept moving forth. She could do it when her father had died, she'd done it when her mother literally allowed herself to waste away, she'd done it when she had been appointed the position as District 12 Tribute... of course, there had been instances when she'd wept, but those were rare and fleeting; one of the few being Rue's death. No, she would channel her emotions elsewhere. Into revenge. Into the need to live. If there was one thing she could do for Peeta, it would be to kill Cato. Cato, who had instigated this terrible turn of events; Cato, who had killed Thresh; Cato, who had taken Peeta away from her...! Instantly, Katniss felt her knees buckle slightly, but she wouldn't give in. Resisting the urge to simply pound her fists against the ground and cry out like an enraged animal, Katniss restrained herself. She wouldn't cry. Inwardly, she experienced a torrent of emotions, ranging from anguish to a blinding, destructive flame of hatred, but she wouldn't do it. She'd vowed she wouldn't to Peeta, and it was a promise she intended to keep. Trying to not completely let loose like a rampant animal, Katniss let out a choking sob, quaking from pure and simple unadulterated hatred. It was the best she could do for now, without appearing completely broken (even if she was) or far-gone to the rest of Panem. She'd been a survivor all her life, and she would keep carrying out that life-long mission to retain her life. Even if her only joy in living was seeing the face of a very much dead Cato. Katniss Everdeen. A Survivor, and now an Avenger. As Katniss felt the anger and adrenaline and pure hate course through her veins, she knew. All these emotions... yes, this was what she needed. Not the sadness and sorrow of Peeta's death, she needed a distraction - and slipping into the role of a Survivor and Avenger was