Hi guys! This is my first PJO story so be nice. I will explain more in the authors note at the bottom :p Chapter 1: Hooray I didn't get kicked out of school Percy's eyes fluttered open when he heard the gentle voice of his mother. "Percy... Percy wake up!" The teenage boy sat up straight very quickly, and bald his hands up into fists. There was drool dripping from his chin and his mother couldn't help but giggle when she saw the random pieces of hair sticking up on his head. "Are you okay mom! Is someone here?! Do I have to protect you?!" Sally Jackson gave her son a soft smile, and reached over running her fingers through his tangled hair. "No honey, no. Today is your first day of school, Annabeth will be here soon." Percy nodded slowly, as if he was just remembering this information. He pulled his blue comforter around him tighter and turned away from his mother. "I don't wanna go mom.'' He yawned. Sally leaned toward her son, that she raised on her own for the most part, and leaned her head on his shoulder. ''Please Percy. Lets not make this difficult" He turned his head toward his mother. He stared at her blue eyes and her soft dark hair pulled up into a bun. There were dark bags under her eyes from lack of sleep. She worked extra hours just to provide for them-just a family of two. He gave her a half smile. "Okay mom. For you I guess." Sally's eyes lit up as she leaned forward and kissed him on the forehead. She stood up and crossed the room to leave, but stopped at the door. "Percy, you better start getting ready. You can't leave a nice girl like Annabeth waiting." Then she left the room. He grinned. He loved his mom so much. She was the one who kept him going in life, besides Annabeth of course. He would do anything for her. Four years ago, she had gotten out of an abusive relationship. But it wasn't with his dad. For as much of a jerk his stepdad, Gabe, was to him, he was ten times worse to his mom. And that was not okay. They finally got away from Gabe, but Percy was always worried that one day Gabe would be back. That's why he was always ready to fight in his mothers defense. Those feelings aside, Percy thought of the day ahead. Although it was the first day of school, a place he despised, he had to admit he was excited. It was his first official school year with his new girlfriend. They got together this past July, although he had been crushing on her since age twelve. Of course he was excited to see his other friends too. Jason was his best bud, both having great leadership skills they clashed occasionally, but they always had each others backs.. Leo was like the pet of the group. He was the comic relief, and also very obnoxious. Percy's and Leo's sarcasm was similar to some degree, which is how they bonded. Then there was Piper, who was Annabeth's best friend. She was Jason's girlfriend, so they often went on double dates. Piper was Cherokee girl, who had a knack for giving people tips on their love lives, though she claimed she had no idea how she did it. In fact,.her and Jason got together not too long after Percy and Annabeth. Frank and Hazel were the last of the group. Frank was a very tall, and somewhat intimidating Asian kid. Most people take advantage of him though, because he is the most awkward kid you'll ever meet, and the exact opposite of what you'd think. That's why he and Hazel share such a bond. Hazel is an African-American girl, who shouldn't even be at their school. She should be attending the Jr. High that is a few miles away, but she is very intelligent so she skipped a grade and is currently a ninth grader. Every once in a while, Hazel would drag along her half-brother. He is a year older than her, but because she skipped, they are now in the same grade. His name was Nico, and he often got labeled as a 'loner'. He didn't say much, didn't like attention, and was often on his own. The thing that stumped Percy, was the fact that Nico and him used to be friends. Now a days, Nico avoided him at all costs. Percy shook his head at the thought. He rolled out of bed and only one name came to mind now: Annabeth. Today was their first day of school together, and he knew they would make an impression. Then again, people have been telling them to 'just kiss already' for years. He strided over to his closet and pulled out a light blue shirt and pulled on some jeans over his boxers. After combing his hair, brushing his teeth, and washing his face, he started for the kitchen. He felt a zip of vibration go up his leg, so he pulled his iPhone out of his pocket. When he saw who the message was from, he grinned. I have been out here for like five minutes. HURRY UP SEAWEED BRAIN! Not wanting to be late, he rushed into the kitchen, grabbed a blue muffin that was sitting on the counter, and kissed his mom goodbye. When he met up with her at her car, she was sitting with her arms crossed and a playful glare on her face. She was wearing a plain orange t-shirt, and blue skinny jeans. Her curly blonde hair fell around her shoulders, and her grey eyes sparkled. "Well what are you waiting for seaweed brain?" Percy's ears turned a shade of red when he realized he was staring. He climbed into the passenger seat and just laughed. He looked over at his girlfriends confused face and laughed even harder. "What?" she demanded, although she was smirking. Percy shook his head as he got comfortable in his seat. He stared at her for a few more seconds. Admiring the the twist and curls in her hair. How they framed her face perfectly. "Nothing, I just feel most comfortable with you more than anyone else I know. Remind me to thank Grover for forcing us to work together in Mr. Brunner's class." Grover was a dear friend of Percy's who sadly, already graduated. Fortunately, Grover did make it into the college he had applied for. Annabeth rolled her eyes. "Yeah I miss him. If it wasn't for him, I would never have found out that you're not as annoying as you let on." Percy shoved her in the shoulder gently, and she returned it with a kiss on the cheek. She then turned her attention back to the insane amount of Manhattan traffic. "We better go if we don't wanna be late for the first day." After a few minutes of hodge-podge talk, Percy shoved is hand into his pocket, fumbling for his phone. He loved taking random selfies with Annabeth when she was driving because her facial expressions were always priceless. He was switching his phone to camera mode when he noticed a picture hanging from the rear view mirror. It was a photo of Annabeth, she was maybe about ten, with a boy who had the same blonde hair and grey eyes. They looked like they could be brother and sister. But Percy knew better, she only had her step-brothers. "Who is that?" He asked, fingering the picture. Annabeth shifted her attention from the road and glanced at the picture. "Oh him?" She took a hand off the steering wheel and unhooked the photo. "That's my cousin Magnus. I don't get to see him much, but he's cool." The teen boy grabbed the picture from Annabeth and examined it. He smirked, "Not as cool as me though, right?" Annabeth rolled her eyes, while waving a thank you to the person who let her turn. "You actually remind me of him a lot." Percy cocked his head to the right and widened his eyes. "What? I thought I was one of a kind! How?" Annabeth pulled into her usual parking spot with a sharp turn. She took the key out and unbuckled her seat belt. She turned toward the pouty boy and cupped her hands around his face. She kissed him, which lasted about three seconds. She smiled at the dumbfounded boy and whispered, "You're both idiots." Hazel's gold eyes drooped as she walked down the halls of her new school. Although she loved being with her friends, being the youngest person in the school didn't raise her self-esteem. She dodged the skyscraper sized seniors and squeezed between the socializing cheerleaders. This was quite an adventurous morning, and having her trusty Hispanic friend with her made it all a little more bearable. For being a boy, and two years older than her, Leo was on the short side. He always referred to himself as "fun-sized", and claimed that ladies loved the way he looked. Hazel was pretty sure he hadn't ever been on a date in his life. "Dang that girls perfume smelt good!" Leo laughed as he hooked arms with Hazel and continued down the hall. The younger girl glanced over to who he was referring to. The girl was in a cheer uniform and her black hair fell to her mid back. She had striking blue eyes and she was insanely beautiful. She held hands with an African-American football player. He smiled at his girlfriend with gentle eyes. That's Charles Beckondorf so she had to be Silena, Hazel thought. Hazel had heard about them, they were some of the decent and nice popular kids. When Silena noticed them staring she waved. Her friend, who Hazel comprehended as Clarisse, rolled her eyes. Leo flirtily waved back. Beckondorf didn't looked concerned, so Hazel assumed Silena was quite faithful to her boyfriend. "Leo," Hazel started, loosening the tight lock between their arms, "its creepy that you smell girls." He shrugged, "Why do they wear such strong stuff if they don't expect charming men like me to smell it." Hazel laughed and shoved Leo's shoulder. "Yeah you're such a charmer. Jason's sister almost killed you when you hit on her!" Leo looked up at the ceiling as if he was lost in thought. Hazel watched him knock some curls out of his eyes. "Oh yeah Thalia! Haven't seen her in, like, forever!" She put hands to her temple and slightly smiled. "You are hopeless." They chuckled again and turned the corner, stopping when they almost crashed into another girl. She held up her hands to balance herself. "Sorry! Totally my fault!" She stood up straight, scanning Hazel and Leo up and down. Her eyes settled on their arms hooked together. "Oh you guys are together? You guys are a really cute couple!" She gushed. Her straight blonde hair hung loosely in a ponytail and she had a huge grin on her face. A huge blush appeared on Hazels face and she started stuttering, "Wha-No! Its..not-were not-!" "I know right? Were finally being public about it!" Leo announced with a mischievous smile. His ears were a light shade of pink, so Hazel knew he was flushed too. But, of course, Leo wasn't gonna announce that. She was about to respond by slapping Leo in the face when she heard a somewhat deep voice behind her. "Public about what?" Hazel's face became more red, and she awkwardly turned around. ''Hey Frank!" The blonde girls face immediately turned pale white and she squealed, "OH MY GOSH I'M SUCH A HOME WRECKER!" She then quickly scurried off. Leo was the first to react, with a fit of laughter. "HAHAH! Who was that girl!? She was too ridiculous!" Frank arched and eyebrow as if asking what the heck just happened? Hazel shook her head in response, "Nothing." The