It started off a pretty normal day. You know, up until our principle turned into a giant fleshy monster and tried to kill us. And now here I am, dragging my little brother through the woods as our classmate stands up ahead yelling in some sort of crazy language. Did I mention he has goat legs? I didn't? Well, our classmate has goat legs. Oh yeah, and he's yelling at us because, yet again, a monster is trying to kill us. Yes, yes, this is very confusing. I guess I'll just start from the beginning. xxx I stood at the end of the hall waiting for my younger brother Connor to hurry up so we could go home. I leaned against the wall watching the other kids walk by. Many of them-scratch that- all of them had their back packs on and things in their pockets, things I could so easily steal. Stealing has always been like second nature for me, even if has gotten me in trouble a few times. Only a few times though. My brother and I hardly ever get caught. After about another minute, I was very tempted to just leave Connor behind. He was smart he could make it home, right? It was just my luck I saw him coming around the corner, otherwise I would have to explain to my mom why my lil' bro wasn't with me. He walked next to another boy with baggy jeans and curly dirty-blond hair. The kid walked kind of weird, like, with a limp. I watched as my brother draped an arm around his shoulder. The kid seemed to tense, but tried to continue the conversation with Connor. After nearing closer to me my brother quickly retreated his hands to his pocket and grinned a goodbye at the kid. "What ya get?" I whispered and leaned closer him. He pulled his hands out of his pocket and held out his palms. "Some candy and a couple quarters." He popped a green jaw breaker in his mouth and stuck out his tongue. "Ew! What kind of candy does Harper eat?!" I scrunched up my eyebrows and shoved one in my mouth too. He was right, it tasted like dirt and grass. After wiping my tongue on my sleeve I asked, "Who's Harper?" My kid brother shoved the loot in his back pack and nearly shouted, "The kid I stole it from!" I threw a hand over his mouth, and he quickly placed his hand over my hand. We glanced around thoroughly and it seemed like no one noticed. That is, until my eyes fell on Harper at the end of the hallway looking directly at us. He wasn't being very subtle either, especially since he was wearing a big puffy camouflage coat. It wasn't even cold outside! The hall was almost empty, so I took my hand off Connors's mouth and pushed him along. "Go bro." We sped walked toward the door and got outside, just as Harper started limping toward us yelling Connor's name. We were walking through the front of the school yard when Connor turned to me and said, "I'm hungry." I shrugged. "Me too. Wanna raid the candy store or something?" My curly haired doppelganger looked as if he was about to say something, but a loud voice cut him off. "TRAVIS AND CONNOR STOLL!" We both turned our heads toward the front of the school. Our principle, Mr. Stein, stood there. The sun reflected off his balding head and it looked as if he spilled coffee on his suit again (compliment of the Stolls of course). He stuck out his big bony finger and motioned for us to come over. Most of the kids surrounding us sent smug looks our way, as if they knew we did something and we deserved punishment. Kids here didn't like us too much, and I can't say I blame them. Most of them are victims of mine and my brothers devious pranks. In fact, I took pride in how many people despised. Means I did something right. I exchange a glance with Connor, already considering running away. And by the look on his face, I could tell Connor was thinking the same thing. As if he could read our minds, Mr. Stein bellowed "If you run I'm expelling you!" We groaned simultaneously and trudged toward him. Not the first time the old bat threaten to expel us. He met us at the door and placed a hand on each of our shoulders. He steered us toward his office of West Bridge Elementary, as I tried shrugging his hand off my shoulder. It was cold and sent a sting up my neck. I noticed Connor sending me funny looks with his eyes. I raised my eyebrows at him and he mouthed something like 'What about his shoes?' . I glanced at Stein's shoes. Nothing seemed to be wrong with them, so I waved off Connor's stupid comment. Now was not the time to be worrying about an irritating principle's shoes. He sat us down on the chairs in front of his desk. The cushions were nice and soft on my butt. I was quite familiar with those chairs. Mr. Stein stood in the doorway for a few moments, staring us down, before turning around and walking out. I elbowed Connor. His curly brown hair was falling in his eyes, and I self consciously knocked some off of my own face. We definitely needed a haircut. "What did we do?" Connor shrugged and raised his eyebrows. "I dunno. That's what I was asking you!" I cocked my head. That made a lot more sense then 'what about his shoes?'. "Well, I did stick some gum in that cute ginger girl's hair." Connor pretended to gag on something. I know he didn't like that cute ginger girl. "And I put a bunch of fake bugs on the lunch trays." He added. When I grinned, he grinned, and didn't hesitate to give him a high five. ''Nice one." I said. The two of us continued going back and forth, sharing stories on the trouble we caused today at school. But I was still wondering where Principle Stein was. For as many times as we have been sent to the principle's office, he has never left us alone. Never. In fear of us vandalizing his desk or something. He rarely ever called our mother either. He would give us long lectures in his creepy monotone voice and make us do class chores. He was always hovering around, creeping his head over our shoulders, but he never once called our mother. Then again, our mother rarely touched us at home. She would cook our meals and make our beds, but she seemed to keep her distance. I could see the look of suspicion in her eye, like she feared if she got to close to us we would bite her or something. Which I can't say wouldn't happen. I'd seen Connor bite a few people in my day. When Principle Stein came back in, his skin looked a shade pinker. As if he was rolling in bubblegum and it got stuck to his flesh. He slowly walked to his desk and both Connor and I huffed in annoyance. I held up a hand and started, "Look, Mr. Stink-!" "Stein!" He snarled. Seriously, some people get offended way too easily. "Stein." I rolled my eyes. "We didn't do anything. So we can just go home right?" I knew for a fact we did a lot of things, but I thought maybe if I didn't act guilty, he wouldn't hold us to the consequences. "Yeah." Connor chimed in. "We just want some candy. Some that doesn't taste like grass and dirt." Mr. Stein pursed his lips and seemed to consider this. He reached into his drawer and pulled out a handful of red candies. At first glance they could be jelly beans. But as I looked closer, they had little neon yellow stripes and steam appeared to be coming off them. "No." Connor shook his head. I looked at him in agreement. Most older brothers would have to make the smart decisions for their younger siblings. But one of the rules of being a good thief was to always know the quality of items . And I had to give my kid brother some credit, he was a pretty darn good thief. Stein narrowed his eyes and lowered the candy onto his desk. "Anyway, about leaving-!" "Travis Stoll." His raspy voice cut me off again. "You are here because you left all the faucets running and clogged all the toilets in both the boys and girls bathroom!" My partner in crime turned to me and I shot him a smirk. "Okay. Guilty." I admitted. "And you!" He shot a dark glare at Connor who sat up straighter in his seat. The thing about the two of us, we don't shy away when people speak of our doings. No matter how off color they are-we are proud of everything we do. "You painted all the third grade teacher's-including your own teacher's- whiteboards green!'' Connor and I broke into fits of laughter as Stein rose form his seat. "Destruction of property!" He spat, his voice getting raspier by the second. We both looked up at about the same time. The laughing stopped immediately. Our principle wasn't there anymore-well actually, he was still there. But it sure as heck didn't look like him. He was now so tall he almost touched the ceiling, and his skin was now a dark cherry color. His eyes glowed yellow, and when he spoke, he had two tongues hanging out of his mouth. Though I was terrified for my life, I heard myself say, "Wow Mr. Stein. That look really suits you." Knowing Connor, he probably would have laughed. That is, if there weren't sparks coming out of our principle's ears. "You will learn respect!" He hissed, stomping his foot on his wooden desk. It instantly erupted in flames. I jumped in front of my little brother and shielded him from the smoke and debris flying all over the place. We backed toward the wall. "Travis! What do we do?" Connor cried. I could hear the quivering in his voice and my heart dropped. My brother always looked to me, and I had no idea what to do right now. "You demigods always make everything so difficult!" Stein roared. I still wasn't sure why he called us 'demigods', but my instincts told me to reach into my back pack. When I did, I checked every pouch and opening until I was satisfied with what I found. After discarding a couple dollars, a rubber chicken, and a screw driver, I pulled out a lighter. Sure, having a lighter in school could get me expelled. But that never stopped me. I didn't know what made this lighter so special but something did . Maybe it was the fact that Connor had one exactly like it too. Or maybe, it had something to do with how the UPS guy delivered them to our house with no return address. Connor had opened the door, where the UPS guy gave him an ''intense'' look and handed him the box. Our mother then snatched the box from Connor's grasp and slammed the door on the UPS man's face. She then said to never touch the lighters inside. Like that would stop us. It was a good thing it didn't too, otherwise we would be dead. Because about two seconds after I held down the button, a twelve inch blade shot out of it. It was now a silver sword that fit perfectly in my hand. Not knowing what to do, I simply held the sword out. And like the idiot he was, Stein sprang forward getting impaled in the process. A crackling sound, like pop rocks on your tongue, started spewing from his mouth. I was breathing heavily