To Never Feel Hunger Pairing: Katniss/Peeta Summary: While exploring the decrepit ruins of Panem, Katniss makes a confession to Peeta. Disclaimer: I do not own anything in relation to the Hunger Games, both in regards to the books and movies. AN: This is my first hunger games fic so please be kind! If you liked it, please leave a review to tell me how I went. - xxxxxx - There is a small rectangular window mounted in the door. It's tinted and lined with dust, but Katniss can almost see outside. She's holding on and bracing herself as the hovercraft drops steadily to solid ground. In the reflection of the small window, she can see her face as it passively regards the scenery. She hardly looks in a mirror these days so it's a relief to see that her face hasn't changed too much over the course of the months. Her cheeks seem fuller than she last remembered, but then she eats more now than she ever has. There are bags under her eyes, though. The marks of sleepless nights and stressful thoughts. As predicted, the door starts to swing upward and open, forcing her to break eye-contact with herself. Outside, the arrival of the aircraft has sent the dust and soil of the ground into the air. The debris stings her eyes and she turns her face to the side. The noise of the descending aircraft is almost deafening. Opening her eyes, the noonday sun is blinding and reflected in her direction by various rusted steel frames. Murmurs of birds twirl upwards into the sky, disturbed by their sudden appearance and offensive sound. A strange echo rebounds back to her, doubling the sound of the machine she stands within. Katniss waits patiently as the hovercraft audibly shuts off its engine and the ship shudders to a halt. Within just a few short seconds, it has neatly stabilized itself and she lets go of the handles above her, immediately clenching her fists to bring the blood back into them. A wave of nausea rolls over her and she breathes deeply, savouring the feeling of being stationary. The aircraft is an older model but she has no concern for flashy vehicles and constant weapon upgrades. Those ships instead sit in a far off compound, meticulously maintained for a day when they might be needed. All she needs is a machine that can fly and one that won't break down two hundred miles away from the closest town. Town , is the word for it, she reminds herself. They aren't districts anymore. They're towns, with free citizens that have all the rights they deserve to walk freely between each settlement. The notion is odd and she wonders whether the citizens stare at the sky when they walk, expecting at any point to be shot down and obliterated. It is absurd to think that freedom is unnatural to her people. Her favourite moment is stepping out of the hovercraft and feeling the solid earth beneath her boots. She crouches low to the earth, touching the rocks and the pebbles, so familiar yet part of an area she has never seen or visited. In front of her, the ruins loom. Giant, towering structures gleam in the daylight sun. The forest has only half claimed the ruins, its vines creeping ambitiously up the monstrous structures. Concrete seems to reign supreme and she imagines that they must have once been quite barren places, with little to no greenery in sight. And yet still, the rocks and solid walls have cracked, to reveal the spiny arm of a tree or the first growth of a weed. "Are you alright?" Peeta is looking at her with those eyes now, the ones that seem too caring and genuine for them to be real. She sometimes finds it hard to hold his gaze, especially after all that has been in the past. "I think so. It was a bit of a shaky landing." "Yeah, you looked a bit green," he admits, as he adjusts the strap of his backpack. "You don't need a rest or anything?" "No, I just need to walk it off. Are the other's coming?" Peeta doesn't answer, but looks back to the hovercraft. As if on cue, their Field Scientist clamours awkwardly off the plane, landing on the ground with a clumsy wobble. Katniss doesn't mind the girl, who seems to be all arms and legs and just a bit ditzy. Sometimes she craves the company of people who aren't built like oxen and trained to test their stamina. If she were any other woman, perhaps she'd feel threatened by the blonde scientist, whose precious façade hides a mind of brilliance and curiosity underneath. Perhaps she'd feel threatened at the thought of her lover and a blonde bombshell walking around an ancient ruin alone. But then, she's seen too much of the boy – no man- beside her and he's seen too much of her. They've been through too much for her to worry about cheating. The scientist, Elena, squints in the light when she walks over to them. Nazir follows her, his camera resting around his neck and his backpack filled with various notebooks. "This place is incredible," he says huskily, as he looks up at the ruins. "It looks like a deathtrap to me," says Katniss, her mind already exploring the crumbled foundations of the buildings or the precariously placed walls that look ripe for a collapse. "But there's no use delaying; let's go." It's ironic really, that after all of her years of running from battle, from all the nightmares she's woken up from, sweating and incoherent, she had voluntarily chosen to walk back into potential battle. It took a while for her to realize that a life of tedium was going to destroy her. She ignored the phone calls, the letters, the knocks on the door and even the outstretched handshakes. She didn't want to go back into it all, to test fate another time and watch as everything she loved died again and again and again. She just wanted things to be simple once more. Easy. Peeta had urged her into hunting and trading again, at least so that she could feel the breeze on her cheeks and the dirt beneath her toes. With the Peacekeeps no longer a problem, the underground trading market had become less 'underground' and more community focused than ever. She had a place to sell her wares and a set of customers who for the first time in their lives, had cash to spend. For the first time since the end of the war, she had felt normal. The townspeople no longer regarded her with a mixture of awe and sympathy and in turn, she no longer hid in the attic of her house, sorting through the old clothes of her sister that she had claimed from District 13. For a while, her new life had satisfied her. She had Peeta, she had her life and she had her bow. And then the refugees had started to trickle into town. She had watched as half starved, half mad families turned up in alleys, or in squares or simply at a stranger's door. The wild-game had started to creep further and further away, as the town had inflated beyond control and the roads started to be used more and more. New structures started to appear and great machines tore up streets to lay pipes and infrastructure for a further spreading metropolis. Buildings became taller, grander and safer. People seemed happy. So she started to delve deeper into the woods, trying desperately to hold onto a wilderness that was rapidly getting further away. No longer did she step out her door and into the tree line. Instead, she wandered through a maze of new shanti's, houses and the occasional tent. She would walk for hours, just to glimpse that fading tree-line and to melt into obscurity. It had been Gale, who had changed everything. He was always there, she realized, trying to atone for what had been done. She never told Peeta that it was him who she picked up the phone to. Nor that it was him who suggested the role that would soon change her life. She never mentioned that she didn't hang up when he said 'I love you' even though she should have screamed at him for daring to call the house of Peeta to say that. In all honesty, she didn't care enough to be angry. All she cared about was his suggestion, his gentle prod towards a role she knew she wanted. Prim would call her an adventurer. She would use that teasing tone and the corners of her eyes would wrinkle (just slightly) as she said the words. And her mother would have looked up from her work just long enough to smile along, before her eyes went distant once again and the expression slid away. And Katniss would have no longer doubted herself, because how could you question the opinion of Primrose, who is always wise and always trying to guide you to a better life? Instead, it was Peeta who said 'adventurer'. And his eyes did wrinkle at the sides, even though it was dark when she told him and only the moonlight illuminated his face. They had been in bed, exhausted and, she had mentioned the role absentmindedly. He had propped himself up on his elbow, gone silent for a while and then started to talk. By the time dawn came, they were ready. The technical term for their role was 'hired goon,' or some other name that she didn't care about. All that mattered to Katniss was that she was out in Panem and a few hundred miles away from any decaying arena. She protected the scientists and in turn, they paid her for the pleasure. She also suspected that the new government was using her and Peeta as a heart-warming story for the population. The two intrepid explorers as they quest to find new lands for towns and settlements. How utterly romantic it all was. Elena and Nazir, their thoughts on the task on hand, lead the way through the ruins. They pick their way over the boulders and stones that disrupt path, as well as the fallen trees and new streams that cut through the ruins. Occasionally, Nazir stops to photograph something, or to record a note in his little book. Katniss halts quickly as Elena gasps. The woman, noticing her reaction, blushes furiously. "Oh sorry, I just had a marvellous thought and it quite literally took the breath out of me." Sighing, slightly at the woman who has so quickly put her senses on edge, Katniss trieds not to glare daggers at her. Elena continues, "Why, I just had this realisation that the old sewerage system of these ruins might still be intact. If we had such a system all ready to be used, we could make a new civilisation here. Isn't that exciting? All those refugees could have their own land! And even if it isn't, we'd have a system to copy and the infrastructure to build around." The enthusiasm in her voice gives Katniss a small smile. "Are you wanting to find the sewerage plant then?" "If we can," says Elena before turning to Nazir, "the mission specified that we where to make notes of any key remaining infrastructure, so perhaps we should focus on that. I'm not sure, what do you think Nazir?" "Hm, well, I'm personally more interested in the industrial area. There must be some salvageable goods still lying around. I mean, the notes we found from the capitol indicated that this ruin hadn't been explored yet. So logically, there must be a gold-mine of metals and such still stored in their warehouses." Peeta, frowning in deep concentration, chimes in, "Sewerage plants usually have a large amount of run-off, don't they? So maybe the industrial area and the plant