I had been practicing with the children since early this afternoon when the air had been warm, but now grew cold with the oncoming night. The rest of the class had returned home to their guardians some time ago, while rubbing their bruises, however, this girl in particular, she wasn't ready to give in just yet and was standing in position, clasping a wooden sword in her hand, ready for my signal. Here at Clyro, we were a holdfast which took in girls from an early, whether because they were sent by their parents to allow them to achieve something, or because they were orphans. Either way our intentions with them were the same, and that was to train them to be formidable Shieldmaidens, that their country of Rohan could be proud of. It was a gruelling process, one which would take many years to accomplish. I remember when I had been in her shoes. In my case I had been one of the orphans who came to Clyro with hardly any meat on my bones and then told to swing a heavy sword without wavering. It took a while before I could manage and a lot of meals to make me strong, but once I proved to myself that this was something that I could do, without anyone taking it from me, I wanted not only just to be a Shieldmaiden, but the greatest that had ever lived. So I pushed myself harder and further than the rest dared. People used to say that when I trained, a fire burned in my eye and I never knew what they meant by that, until now. Looking at the girl before me, that same fire lurked in her eyes as well and it was fuelled by pure determination. I smiled, "it's getting late Brenna. If you haven't managed to hit me once yet, what makes you think you will now?" I could hear her grinding her teeth. She knew I was trying to ruffle her feathers, and was doing her best to ignore me, but I couldn't resist continuing. "Give up child; I am simply better than you will ever be." That last one got to her and she raised her arm high and charged straight towards me, screaming. I waited and didn't move, rolling my eyes when at the last second I stepped aside and she fell to the ground, scoffing as she got a mouthful of dirt. She coughed and threw the sword far away from her, turning over to lie flat on her back and stare at me. Even with her mistake, that fire only burned brighter. I sighed, "There see! You allowed me to get inside your head. You acted on anger, your wounded pride, and they are no just cause to fight. They end tragically, understand?" She knew I was right and her features cooled from resenting me, to taking my lesson into account. She nodded her answer and that was enough for me. "Good." I extended my hand and helped her off the ground, dusting off her shoulders and rubbing her head. She laughed at my teasing and swatted my hand away, leaving her red hair in a state but she didn't bother to fix it. "I say in another week or so, there will be no more lessons to teach and I will hit you." "Is that so?" I asked. She grinned at me and replied, "Yes." "Then don't disappoint me. Now come on, you have kept me from my dinner for long enough." I motioned for her to head for indoors, where candle light could be seen in the windows and the promise of wine and a cooked meal was waiting. As we walked along, I nodded to those on patrol, reminding them to keep their eyes peeled and to trust their gut if they thought something was amiss, conscious of Brenna who was listening to my every word and watched my every move. "Of course, Sonya" the last woman said, continuing to her post. When we stepped inside the armoury, Kya was already there counting the children's swords with confusion. "Don't panic Kya; Brenna's is the last sword," I assured taking it from the girl and placing it among the rack with all the others. Relief washed over her instantly and she put her arm around Brenna's shoulders to pull her in close and rub a thumb over some of the dirt staining her cheeks. Kya has always been like that, caring towards everyone and everything. At first I thought it was a weak attribute to her character, but anyone here would repay her kindness by laying down their lives for Kya and, as the more approachable Shieldmaiden, she did help in making the new recruits settle in better. I tended to scare them a little, so I've been told. "Well thank goodness, I thought we had lost it and we barely have enough to go around as it is." "You have a point there" I stared and assessed each one individually, picking out their faults; I wouldn't doubt that some were probably older than me. "I'll get on to making more." I'll need to gather some wood, but that wouldn't be hard, since there were trees everywhere. It would just take a long time, considering all the other obligations I had here. Brenna stroked the 'blade' of one and looked up at me, "Can I help?" Staring at her freckled face, teaching her would be a hassle, but in the long run I believed it would pay off. I shrugged, "I don't see why not, if you think you can handle some splinters." Kicking her legs up and examining her arms with their various cuts, grazes and bruises, she scoffed "At this point I think I'm immune to pain." Kya laughed and flipped her golden hair over her shoulder squeezing the child closer, but I was always so serious. "Never think that. It makes people stupid." Brenna was silent, wondering if I had intended my words to be so severe. The truth was I didn't. But the warrior in me had a quick and instructive tongue. Something I haven't been able to control. So every now and again, it will lash out at someone, even though I had just been jesting with them only minutes ago, as if to remind them of my authority. Or to prevent people from getting too close… Both she and Kya were staring at my back, I could feel it. I didn't bother to apologise though, because it would be as if I were retracting the wisdom behind my words and I didn't want that. It could save her life one day. Quietly, Kya whispered, "Brenna, why don't you go on ahead to the kitchens? Everyone has eaten, but I bet Gerdy has some leftovers for you, okay." She didn't say anything of the offer and then I heard her feet shuffling across the stone floor, telling me of her departure and I felt a twinge of guilt, which I would never admit to aloud. Kya was still in the room and I turned around to brace the accusing gaze, which no doubt was furrowing her brow. Her expression was as I expected and she crossed her arms as an added detail, to project her disappointment over me. Now she looked a fierce Shieldmaiden, rather than a coddling hen. I pushed her by being defiant, "What do you want from me Kya?" and grimaced from sounding like a spoilt child who knew they were wrong. Before she could answer, and she was more than ready to scold me, the lecture was left hanging on the tip of her tongue, as Alba marched down the staircase. She tilted her head slightly in acknowledgment of my presence, "Forgive me, but there was a messenger, Gora waits for you in the hall." That caught my attention. "A messenger?" She nodded. "From who?" I asked. No one bothered us with letters or messengers but the Golden Hall of Edoras, when they thought to check on our progress, since our soldiers were much better than their own. "She didn't say, only that I was to inform you." Her unusual deep tone carried as much curiosity as mine. "Very well, thank you Alba." Again she jerked her head and I left her and Kya behind, as I pushed past Alba and ascended the stairs two at a time, walked along the many corridors and burst through the doors where Gora was seated in light of the fireplace. "What is it?" I didn't bother with pleasantries. I was too distracted by the fruit bowl and wine, resting on the table beside her. She didn't bat an eyelid as I helped myself to her food. With a wrinkled hand, she lifted the fine piece of parchment for my inspection. "A message from Rivendell" she croaked. Licking the juice from my lips, I wiped my fingers clean on my trousers and took the paper from her, scanning it quickly. "Rivendell" I repeated, "what business would you have with the elves?" Stroking back a strand of wiry hair, which had come loose from its braid, she admitted "None. This comes on the behalf of Gandalf the Grey." Gandalf the Grey, I have heard stories of him since I was a girl. Apparently, I had met him once, but I couldn't remember such an instance and I hardly believe the wandering wizard would be hard to forget. "That is curious…" I remarked. With effort, the aging woman hoisted herself out of her chair and faltered on her feet, managing to catch her balance with a hand perched on the arch of her back. "Not particularly" she groaned through the pain, "sooner or later Gandalf would want something from us." I wasn't sure I liked where this was going and I refilled Gora's goblet. She looked like she could use the drink. "And what is that?" I asked, handing her the cup. She accepted and caught her breath before she took a sip, struggling to swallow. It was no secret. The woman was ailing. Her back was not as straight, her stance not as solid and her hands were constantly shaking, frail to the bone. She slept most of the time in this forsaken chair and proved to wake still tired, judging by the bags under eyes. However, the old bat refused to let us do anything about it. She refused to admit defeat and I swear she thought that at some point, she would rise again a vision of youth and health. For if she has feared anything in her whole life, it has been the short period a mortal being lived on this earth. When she had finished, I took the goblet back and placed it on the table again, waiting on her answer. "The letter is vague. It mentions only a gathering taking place, where all shall be revealed." We exchanged a glance, my icy blue eyes meeting her steel grey. The plot thickens. I still had the letter pinched between my fingers at my hip and brought it back into view. "If they haven't stated the reason for it, they obviously didn't want to risk the letter being intercepted." Gora slowly nodded her head, "Indeed." As she said, the letter was vague, but I reread the few sentences in any case, as if I were missing something, and a thought occurred. "Do you think Edoras has received one like it?" Tightening her fur cloak, she snorted, "No, and I don't intend to tell them neither." Sighing, I scanned the bowl once more and stole an apple with its bright red skin, tossing it in the air to catch, as I leaned my weight on the table. "I don't blame you. Our relationship with the monarchy has been shaky as of late." With the last catch, I blew my hot breath on the skin and admired the extra sheen before I broke it with my