that's right, it's an angsty life is strange inspired lesbian percabeth oneshot that nobody asked for! word count: 3657 pairings: female!percy and annabeth, implied thalia and annabeth warnings: swearing, character death, drugs Rays of sunlight woven like silk wound themselves around the group of young adults. Time itself seemed to stop, allowing them to bask in the rapidly-fading light that currently enveloped them. "Life is just fucking us all in the behind, huh." Piper's voice was low and smooth, her warm brown skin shining in the light. "Eloquently put. But yeah. It is." Annabeth's nimble fingers reached up and pulled her hair from its bonds, letting it tumble down her back. Nobody cried. The hour ticked on, priceless minutes of gold slowly slipping through their fingers. Then the golden hour was over, and the sun started disappearing beneath the sea, engulfing the academy in night. Annabeth was the first to stand, turning away from the burnished light and clenching her fists tightly at her side. Jason watched her, the scar on his lip bright white against the rosy pink. His eyes were misted with the ghost of tears; ones he had cried and ones he had yet to cry. In complete contrast, Annabeth's anger was dry like a desert – hard lines and stiffened resolves and face devoid of any expression. Her permanently scowling brow seemed almost frozen in place, with the only movement being the flutter of her eyelids as she blinked outwardly at the world. Jason stood up beside her. "What if...?" He started; thumb absent-mindedly resting on his bottom lip. "Shut the fuck up, Jason." Annabeth's tone was clipped, sharp and sure. Tentatively, he reached up to place a hand on her exposed shoulder. She pushed it off instantly, but he didn't miss the way she squeezed his hand first and the way her gaze locked with his before looking down at her feet. "Percy, you coming?" Annabeth said finally, her voice much more grave. She nodded, removing the blue snapback from her head and shaking out her long black hair with one lazy hand as she stood. Turning on her heel, Annabeth began to walk away, heading towards the dormitories in the dwindling light. "I...we'll see you guys tomorrow." Percy said weakly, tearing her eyes between the desperate faces of her friends and Annabeth's retreating back. She stood for a moment, as if she were going to say something else – then changed her mind and lumbered into an awkward half-run to catch up with Annabeth. "Jason's wrong." Annabeth said suddenly, fiery passion in her words. "I know it." The pair lapsed into silence. Percy wanted to agree with Annabeth, reassure her that Jason was wrong, but in all honesty everything was uncertain. For all they knew, Jason could be wrong. Or Annabeth could be wrong. Percy could tell it was driving her insane. With the sun finally gone and night settling upon them like a fresh layer of snow in winter, the only lights above them were the incandescent white glow of the streetlamps around campus that caused the air to become permeated with moths. Percy watched as Annabeth flicked one away from her with more strength than needed. She grasped the handle to the dormitories and opened it slowly in an effort to stop the tiresome moths from fluttering around, and stepped onto the worn blue carpet. Percy followed. The walk across the hallway was silent. Annabeth moved quickly, stopping outside her door and fumbling for her spare key. Percy approached quietly, reading the whiteboard that some poor caretaker had to fix onto the wall outside every door in every dormitory. Someone had left some graffiti on Annabeth's board, a perverted comment about her breasts and a provocative image scrawled beneath it, depicting Annabeth with very little clothing on and the pervert alongside her. Percy recognised the art style in a flash; she'd seen it in the academy newspaper on numerous occasions. With a surprising amount of disgust welling up inside her, Percy erased the message and made a mental note to tell Sherman to watch what he did with his hands before he lost them altogether. Annabeth didn't notice. She was gripping the key in her hand so tight that her knuckles had turned white, but she made no attempt to open the door. "Can..." She began, letting out a breath and turning to face Percy. "Can I stay at yours tonight? I, um, don't feel like being alone." As awful as it was, Percy loved it when she was like this. Alone, she was much more personal, much less guarded and uptight. At least, she was like that around her. "Sure," She responded, offering a smile. "I understand." Luckily for the pair, the parking lot was located at the back of Annabeth's dormitory, so the chances of them being caught out after curfew were minimal. Even so, they tiptoed down the steps of the rustic building and across the campus until they reached the relatively sheltered parking lot. It was empty of any vehicle except an official academy minibus, an old baby-blue pickup truck and a suspiciously new, sleek black car. Percy pulled the ring of keys from her back pocket and clicked the button. The lights on the pickup truck flashed momentarily, signalling that it was unlocked, and she ran forwards to get in, Annabeth following quickly behind her. Her truck really was a mess. Pages of magazines were strewn across the seats, old takeaway cups and smoked cigarettes littered the floor. Curious, Annabeth lifted one of the magazine pages as she sat down and looked at the picture. The nameless model looked shamefully American, stretching elaborately across and old western car, clad in a stars-and-stripes bikini and looking strangely shiny and oily. "Nice." Annabeth snorted, putting it back down. A laugh broke loose from Percy's throat. Just as she was about to turn the key in the ignition, Annabeth put her hand on top of Percy's. "Wait," She hissed, urgency creeping into her voice. "Look." She ducked down, motioning for Percy to do the same. They kneeled on the dirty floor of the truck, chairs pushed way back, so that they could see outwards but no one could see them. Before Percy could question what they were doing, Annabeth pressed a finger to her lips and pointed forwards. The black car was pulling out of its space. Percy couldn't see the driver, but she could see that they were wearing a dark purple jacket and clearly had a lot of money, to own such a car. The moment it drove out of the parking lot, Annabeth slid back into her seat with a face like thunder. "Who was that?" Percy wondered aloud, fastening her seatbelt. "Didn't you see?" Annabeth responded, jaw tight. "Luke Castellan." She spat, eyes flashing. "Turn the engine on," She ordered, her voice so commanding and full of anger that she obeyed immediately. "We're following that bastard." Percy's heart raced. She'd never spoken a word to Luke Castellan before, but she'd heard everything. He was rich, smart, and manipulative. He threw huge parties with endless supplies of alcohol and drugs, and he untouchable. The police and the school were in his back pocket. He was scary, and he was powerful. He could ruin them. "Annabeth..." She protested weakly. She knew Annabeth and Luke had been involved once. She'd been friends with him a while back – part of his incessant and scarily powerful group. No one asked her what had happened to be suddenly exiled, or whether she'd exiled herself, but she knew that Luke had been even more of a danger to Annabeth since then. She wasn't sure why, but the idea of driving Annabeth into danger made her feel nauseous. "Percy. Turn on the ignition. We are following Luke Castellan." Percy turned on the ignition and began to drive. They kept their distance. Slow, but keeping the black car in sight. Percy couldn't help the rising fear that bubbled away inside her. "Annabeth." She was staring intently at the car; eyes squinted, looking even angrier than usual. She blinked at the sound of her name but didn't tear her eyes from the moving vehicle. "What." It didn't sound like a question. "Annabeth, Luke Castellan is dangerous. We shouldn't be doing this." A dry, mirthless laugh came out of Annabeth's mouth, sounding like a harsh mix of a choke and a sob. "He's dangerous? When I get my hands on him, I'll be the dangerous one." "I'm serious, Annabeth. I'm scared. I don't like this." "You don't like this?" An air of terrifying calm echoed in Annabeth's words. " You don't like this? I know he's dangerous, Percy. I know what he's capable of, I've seen it. I know what he could do to me if I fuck up. I know. But god- fucking -dammit, we are following him." End of discussion. Annabeth breathed heavily, seething, and they kept following Luke Castellan's car. A few minutes later, Annabeth sprung back to life. "Pull over!" She hissed, yanking Percy's sports jersey. "Into that gas station!" She did as she was told, steering into the moth-infested gas station. Annabeth shifted forwards in her seat, looking purposeful and absolutely livid. "Stay here," She commanded. "I'm gonna hop out and fill this thing with gas. When I go in the store, I'm gonna ask to get some fuel bottled, too. Keep an eye out for Luke – he's just driven into that church - but I'll be watching anyway." Mind blown, Percy paused. "Wait, why do you need fuel?" The shadows on Annabeth's face were sharp in contrast to the bright gas station lights, giving her face a murderous, grim appearance. "I've got my lighter. You can never be too careful when you're dealing with Luke Castellan." She closed the door of the truck and walked out, heading into the seedy shop to buy gas. The reality of the situation sunk in, and a shiver ran all the way down Percy's spine. Why was she doing this? She would never risk her life like this with any of her other friends. The answer came into her head, but she didn't like it one bit. Because you love her , it taunted. But she couldn't. She'd had girlfriends and girl crushes before, but Annabeth was different. On a whole new level. She couldn't love Annabeth. But evidently, she did, which was the reason why she was in this situation in the first place. Fuck. Annabeth returned shortly, a large red bottle marked 'FLAMMABLE' in hand. She threw it carelessly into the back seat and then went to fill up the gas tank from the pump, pulling out her phone as she did so. Percy's let out a little noise, and as she checked it she saw Annabeth was texting her. Annabeth: Seen anything? Percy: No he must still be in that abandoned old church. I don't like this. Annabeth: I know. Keep an eye out, I'll be right in. True to her word, Annabeth climbed back in and leant against the worn brown leather of the seat, sighing. "No movement?" "Nothing. Annabeth, this is dumb. We shouldn't be here." She babbled, waves of fear washing over her stronger than those crashing on the beach far west of them. Once again, Annabeth's eyes flashed. "Dumb?! We're taking Luke Castellan down, Jackson. We're gonna find out what we need to know and then all the other dirty deeds he's done, then we're busting his ass." Percy sighed, running a hand through her hair in defeat. "Okay. What are we doing now?" A curl dangled in front of Annabeth's face, and Percy itched to tuck it behind her ear. "We're gonna wait him out." "Great. Is that gas in the back?" Annabeth nodded. "I think it's landed on your skateboard. Hold on, I'll move it." She leant over the back, her body arcing gracefully. Her t-shirt lifted up slightly, revealing the smooth, tan plain