The Hunger Games The day is bright, a beautiful clear sky with the puffiest clouds you could ever wish to dream of living on as a child. The sand beneath my 8-year-old self is warm, soft, and molding to my feet. I remember this day well. It was 10 years ago, when I was young and free without a care in the world. Before acting like an adult became a necessity. Before hunting for fish became a way of life. Before taking care of Jemmie because my parents were now gone became a reality. I know the only way I could be in this day, this wonderfully beautiful day, is because it's a dream. Normally, I would forbid myself these wonderful dreams of my life before, but now I all but welcome it. This one little glimpse of pleasure before the long arduous task of taking care of everyone takes over again. Before the bell rings, before I go off to work at the water's edge, and before I worry about school and homework and dinner… Just focus on the dream. I have to remind myself. Don't think just remember. And remember I do. I wiggle my toes around, searching…searching for something I can't really remember. But somehow I still know it's there. That's when my father comes. Strong and good-looking, he has hard features that define his face and character. Blonde hair, blue eyes, a broken nose, square jaw and clear porcelain skin. He's stunning, and his features light up when he smiles, erasing the face of the hardened young man forced to live in poverty in District 4, fishing everyday with the rest of the workers. But today, today my father is happy and he runs toward me, arms open and grabs me, dunking me in the water, into the vast and deep ocean. I scream, laughing, as I gasp for air in the undeniably cool water. Most parents would have their qualms about throwing an 8-year-old girl into the tempid waters of the sea, but not my father. My father trained me to move with the ocean, the sea. He taught me to love it, to savor it on my tongue, and feel it as I swam in the water. He taught me to breathe, to see with my hands and feet, and hear with the sounds of the fish and the mammals of the deep-water world. I come back up, laughing and running at my father, throwing sand at his feet. I am happy to see him. "Da-ddy!" I cry this as I go back to where my feet were, searching. "Daddy you made me loses my clam." "You're clam?" He asks this, smiling and rolling his sleeves up as he kneels to look with me. "Pumpkin, what would you need a clam for?" "For Mommy! It's her birthday and I found a pearl in a clam, and I wanted to give it to her." I cry, and then smile when it's suddenly there, placed in my hands by my father. I laugh and hug him, as he picks me up, and carries me back to our small house, one level with white cement and a red roof made of clay. It's small, and cool. And it's home. The sounds of the bells arouse me from the memory. As I shoot up in bed, I have to remind myself that it was only a dream, and that father wasn't around anymore. The asshole. I sighed, placing my head in my hands, not ready for the day. It was only 6 am, but that still was late for me. Usually I was up by 4 or 5. But I guess the town was being easy on their workers today. And then I remembered. The Reaping. Suddenly I find it hard to breath as I remember why the gongs were only going off now, why there was no bustling in the streets of merchants and bakers and entertainers. Why Finnick had not come running up the cobble pathway, worried why all the kids weren't at school and why I wasn't down at the docks, skipping school for work like always. Today was the day that was, once a year, different from any other day of my life in this world. Today was the mark of the 72nd Annual Hunger Games. A day, after my first reaping 6 years ago, that I was mostly used to. Get up. Get everybody ready, dressed and fed. Go to the town square, pray for someone else's name to be called, and then go home. I suddenly can't find any air, in my lungs, in my room. I push open the window beside my bed and stick my head out in relief. The cool morning air wet with the scent of the ocean calms my nerves. This is the scent that I am used to, that I wake up to every morning and the smell I breath in on my sheets before I go to sleep every night. As I hear the waves rock in and out as they pull on the sandy shore, I feel my muscles relaxing, and I feel calm, almost as calm as I had during my dream this morning. Which reminds me… "Zhane! Khor!" I scream, climbing back into my room, slamming the windowpane down and marching out of my room and down the hall to my twin brothers'. The two are just rousing from sleep on their low-lying beds, Zhane rubs his eyes while Khorr tries his hardest to act like he hasn't heard me and is still asleep. But having dealt with this for about 6 years now, I just sigh angrily and march to the covered window, yanking the curtains back and the light from the sandy shore floods in. Khorr shoots up and starts swearing his mouth off, which of course, does not bode well with me. "Seriously, Khor? You do realize if the peacekeepers ever heard you talking that way you'd be beaten for sure. Not to mention Eileana is in the next damn room. Do we honestly want her to repeat those words?" I ask him, hand on my hip, and an exasperated look on my face. I'm not even really mad at this point, Zhane and Khorr's constant attitudes have done nothing but made me tired, and fed up with dealing with them all the time. Now of course I know how my parents felt before they left. "Well maybe if we didn't have to get up at the crack of dawn because of your constant 'sneaking around' everyday I wouldn't be cussing so damn much." He says this as he scratches the hair in his armpits, and then wipes his nose on his arm. Right, I'm the problem here. "Just get your asses up and dress in something nice. It's reaping day for Christ's sake." The old saying passed through my lips unnoticed by the two, but I silently cringed as I said it. After father left, I was told never to say those things again. That people would take it the wrong way, take ME the wrong way should they hear me say something from the old countries of North America, before Panem. I guess now's the best time to explain myself. My name is Arielle Greene, I'm 18 years old and this is my last year of being reaped. It couldn't come sooner, the relief of knowing that I've made it this far without being chosen for the Games. I know what you're thinking, how can this girl possibly be from District 4? Well, don't let the kind demeanor and hard lifestyle fool you; I'm as true to the fishing district as President Snow is to the Capitol. Deep red hair in waves that reaches just below my shoulders, golden brown skin and wide spring green eyes, I match in with the rest of the crowd here. The only difference? My voluptuous body shape, I look like Christina Hendricks, a famous actress from North America, before Panem. My brother's are the same, Zhane and Khorr, at the ages of 16 are identical twins, both with long red manes of hair that are usually tied back, the same brown skin and eyes. They are brawny, with strong able-bodies that are ready to fight, just like my father was. Then there's Jemmie…sweet little Jemmie at 17, with freckles splashed across his face and with orange hair. But this is where my mother's District 4 traits end and my father's unknown traits begin. He has pale, porcelain skin just like him, and tiny blue eyes. His smile though, is the most radiant thing about him, and that's where he's like my father the most. And then of course theirs Eileana, only 14 and already she's absolutely beautiful. A short curvy girl with long blonde hair in ringlets, deep emerald-green eyes and pale skin. She's so sweet and lovely. And she's so terrified of the reaping, I am afraid it's my fault that she gets paralyzed at the thought of it. The though comes to me and rouses my panicking mother mode, and I run into my little sisters room, and sure enough there she is, just how I expected her to be. She's curled herself into a tiny ball, knees locked in and rocking herself. I wince at the sight of this girl, usually so headstrong and brave when it comes to the training they teach at the schools here in District 4. But my family has been taught to be scared of the reaping, of the Games themselves, and so it's my fault that she's stuck in her room curled up in a ball and having a panic attack. "Oh E!" I cry, and wrap my arms around her; my motherly instinct that I have honed over the years kicks in just when I need it to. At least this is better than Zhane and Khor were their first couple of years. The two idiots tried to escape the house through the window and run off in the woods, like the Peacekeepers wouldn't notice and they would get away to someplace like the Capitol. But this is still bad, how can my little sister put on a tough act so she'll be able to fit in with the other District 4 kids if this is how she reacts to the reaping every year? I can already see the torments, telling her to 'go back to District 12' just like they told me when I was younger in my first two years of being reaped. "Don't worry, it's just the reaping, it's not as bad as the games themselves. And besides, since we don't really need any tesserae this year, your name will only be in there 4 times. That's not bad at all! And you're great with scavenging for food, we know this. You stand a chance, and even if you get reaped I guarantee there will be someone else volunteering immediately after you. It's not your first year, you know how it is. It'll be fine." But from the horrified look she gives me I know I somehow got the story wrong. And I must admit, it did strike as odd why my sister, having not been reaped two years prior, would be in such hysterics now. And I know what's about to come out of her lips as soon as she says them, making me feel conceited and uncaring, even though I know that's not true. "I'm NOT crying because of the reaping Arielle. I'm crying because Jemmie got scared when he looked on the calendar this morning and actually remembered what today was for the first time." Eileana spits this in my face, angry that I could possible forget the sibling the needed me most, even if he was second oldest. Because in his head he still thinks and acts like a 5-year-old child. Because he's one of 10 kids in all of Panem with the disease