Chapter 1 Aftermath 2-May-1998. "I always knew you were mental!" said Ron in a feeble attempt to make them smile after Harry had put the the Elder Wand back in Dumbledore's tomb. Hermione, meanwhile, was trying not to cry, and her face was marred with dust, but she couldn't bring up the energy to care for it. "It's why we are friends, Ron," Harry said and went forward to hug his friend. Hermione joined them from the other side. "I guess...as Harry said, we had enough trouble for a lifetime," she said quietly, her head resting on Ron's shoulder and his cheek on her head. They stood there in silence staring at the White Tomb which contained their old mentor. Their old headmaster. "What's next?" asked Ron. "Honestly...I don't know..." mumbled Harry. "But Hermione does, don't you?"Harry looked past Ron at Hermione. Ron turned towards her too. She smiled. "Of course..." The Golden Trio went quiet again. Possibly wondering what they had to do now. There were many questions. Too many. One of them was: What now? So many had died, so many... Voldemort was gone; Harry had defeated him. He could live a normal life... He scoffed, chuckling inwardly. His life would be anything but normal. He just didn't know what his goal was. Hermione was of course going to complete her education, no matter what. She would know what to do. She always did. The brightest witch of their age...The relief Harry felt while standing here was beyond him. He was thinking about Hermione and her face when he refused to continue his education. Education had seemed like a faraway thing not long ago and now he was thinking about it. It was relief. He was relieved that he could now think about things without wondering whether his death was being plotted. Ron, like Harry, wouldn't know what to do. He had his goal settled on making the world a better place; never had he left Harry alone and had stuck with Harry no matter what, tangling himself in this Voldemort business even when he was afraid to say the name. Harry felt a sudden gratitude towards Ron; he was after all his best friend. Ron had taken half of the problems of an orphan who had too much resting on his shoulders, who knew nothing and was Voldemort's number one target. Never had Ron left him alone. "I met them..." Harry blurted out without even thinking, his eyes still on the White Tomb. Ron turned around to look at him. "Who?" "Sirius, Remus, Mum...Dad." Harry felt his insides crumpling. A painful reminder that he hadn't earned anything for himself but only for the world. Once again the noble prat, as Ginny liked to call him, was guilted by the world to save everyone and lose everything. "I was ready to die...and the Resurrection Stone, I think... resurrected their... spirits… It was like when Tom came out from the diary..." Ron looked directly at him for a second. Harry could see the question coming. Fred wasn't there. Harry didn't blink and Ron found his answer. Hermione looked between Ron and Harry. Both of them had a blank expression, heads bent down. Hermione moved a little to stand in front of them, one hand around Ron and another around Harry. They did the same and then they were standing in a circle, their heads pressed together. "They were there until the end...Mum was looking at me so... so eagerly...she looked so happy..." Harry mumbled. No response came from the other two. Neither of them needed to nod or say anything; Harry just knew they were listening. They knew they didn't need to talk to communicate. Harry felt his eyes watering as he thought about his mother now, how eager had she looked, how much love had shone from those eyes. "Dad..." Harry gulped, "he said he was proud." His insides churned at the thought of them. All of them, oh what would he give just to see them again. A part of him even wished that he had gone with them. "Sirius was happy though...I think he was happy to join Dad..." Ron patted him lightly. "He was always a bit mental," Ron said in a hoarse whisper. An attempt to lighten the mood. Hermione smiled sadly as a tear leaked out from her eyes. "Remus...he said he would be sorry that he wouldn't be able to know... Edward..." Harry finally let go. Tears leaked out one by one from his eyes. He had passed on his fate to someone. A orphan. He had made Edward a orphan, hadn't he? Edward would blame him. Harry just knew he would. Even if Edward didn't, Harry would still feel guilty. He remembered all the times he had the Weasleys around him. They were family but there was always something missing. Edward would feel that too and blame him. "Edward...he lost his father... because of..." Hermione patted him lightly trying not to just break the brave facade she had put on herself in these past days. Her heart was already thundering in her ribcage. She wanted to flee to Australia now but it wasn't the right time. She was feeling selfish but she didn't care. She just wanted to embrace her parents and bawl. "We will tell Edward...he would be so, so proud...so proud..." said Hermione, her head bent low as tear after tear cascaded down her cheeks. "I didn't want anyone... anyone to die for me..." Harry let out a harsh breath. "Ron, I never... I am sorry... Fred..." Ron closed his eyes and shook his head as if trying to just bury it all inside him. The thought of Fred not being here. The thought of his mother bawling in the Great Hall. The thought of George wandering like a inferi. It felt like his brain would bleed, and his stomach felt like it was empty, like a pitless hole."He knew...He knew what he was fighting for..." said Ron. Harry didn't need him whining right now. He should be supportive and so Ron coughed and tried to get rid of the feeling which made him feel like he was drowning, like his throat was closing. Silence claimed the scenario again as they stood there huddled together, heads bent low. Harsh breaths and tears mangled together. All of them, not ready to face the world. Not ready to face anything. Wars, fought for better or worse, brought a lot of pain. Neville looked around the hall. So many of them laid down their life for a better future and Neville was ready to make a difference. He just didn't know how. Should he fight? Help? Grieve? What should he do? Fight and not pay his respects or mourn, like he didn't care. Stop to mourn and give their murderers time to recover. What should he do? He couldn't let them die for nothing. Neville could still hear Peeves cackling outside the hall, taking revenge from Voldemort's body with anything he could find. I would like to throw in a kick too, Neville thought. The sword of Gryffindor lay behind Neville as he looked around at the bodies of the Fallen Fifty. Colin...his favorite pupil. Once the student who had roamed around chanting nothing but Harry, he had grown up to be a cherished warrior. Neville still could remember when Colin had blasted off five DA members in one attempt. He died a death of a warrior. His eyes then fell on Remus...his old professor, of whom once Neville had been so scared. He smiled at his own stupidity. A man so gentle, Neville couldn't even imagine him as a monster. He died fighting for people who hadn't spared him a second glance and Neville felt a sudden rage towards the Ministry, towards Greyback, towards everyone who had hurt a man like him. He could have just left but he fought for people who hated him. Who thought of him as a monster. Neville wiped his tears with the back of his hand. His left hand tightened around his thigh. Behind Remus was Tonks; she was truly the fierce one. Neville recalled some encounters he had with her. Professor Lupin would never have taken someone that close to him out of fear of hurting them, but Tonks was fierce. No wonder, she managed to get even Professor Lupin settled. For a minute Neville wondered if he could just trade his life for them. They were the ones who deserved to live more than anyone. They served without worrying about the outcome. They didn't need to fight. Neville had his reasons. None in the hall had deserved to die. He looked past Tonks and Lupin to where George was kneeling by his brother's body, pale as parchment, with Lee, Angelina and Wood all clustered behind him. Angelina was crying softly while others were urging him to let it all out but George was doing nothing except staring blankly at Fred. Never in his life had Neville seen them apart. The sight was too much to bear. He turned his head in another direction, towards Ernie. Ernie, who gave his life for his wife Susan and her child. His lieutenant. His best friend. He had promised to be the best man at his wedding. Neville could remember how nervous he was when the DA had hosted his wedding. Susan had flown with Neville's grandmother; she ought to be here. Neville took a hold of the table behind him. It was just too much to bear. A child abandoned. Orphaned. His throat closed. Parvati, the exotic beauty of Hogwarts, died the most ugliest death. Her half body was liquid already, and she was slowly melting in a dark puddle of water. Her face was marred with so many scars... Neville recalled the time when she and Lavender were whining about nothing but nail polish. In a span of six months she had turned into a woman none of them could have dreamed that Parvati Patil could be. Behind her was her twin, Padma. Whose body had been turned inside out... Their parents cried softly behind them. Neville felt numb. None of them deserved to die and then he felt guilty. As the leader, he should have died with them. Dean Thomas, Sally-Anne and so many...so, so many of them. Neville stopped breathing for a second. There was Lavender, drained totally. White as salt, the most horrible death claimed her. Neville and Ron had slaughtered Greyback. But it was too late. They had lost so much because of Greyback, and Neville had the sudden thought that he had led the first Wizarding War. He was the one acquainted with Bellatrix and he was the one who had killed Lavender. It was enough for Neville to strike. "They look peaceful, don't they?" asked someone softly. He turned around to find Hannah sitting behind him looking straight at her fellow friends. "Very much," mumbled Neville. "It looks...so empty. It doesn't feel like we have won..." she said. Neville didn't reply. They both just sat there, silently sharing the pain. Ginny couldn't stop her tears. She had lost one brother but it felt like Fred had taken George with him. So many memories, So many thoughts. Had she fought in vain? Her eyes drifted off to her family where her mother was crying softly on Percy's shoulder while her father was helping the other injured and calling someone to take Fred's body. She had never seen her father so drained. Ginny herself felt like she had been kissed by a Dementor. She tried to cover her sobs with her hands. "I am going to make a lot of life," Luna said suddenly. Ginny looked up to find the dreamy blonde throwing a sandwich at Grawp from the big wall which had been blasted off in the battle. Ginny didn't even have the energy to say anything. She just nodded a little. "I mean...we have lost so much..." The dreamy