All Was Well. 31st July. 8:45 pm. Longbottom's residence. There was nothing special about July thirty first but for some reason James Potter was finding it suspicious, like a bomb was going to be dropped today, like they will announce that Voldemort has won the war, like Sirius would suddenly turn into a traitor. Something...Anything... His intuition was alarming. Half of the Order was at the Longbottom's today for a celebratory dinner in honor for little Neville. Sort of a baby shower, one could say. It was a Sunday and somehow they had managed to extend the walls of the dining room to fit everyone as it was raining heavily and their original plan of having dinner outside was ruined. There was a storm, heavy rain and gusts of wind rattled the windows. As James looked outside, the lightning striked making the whole sky turn white from dark for a second. "James, don't just stand there! Go help Dorcas set the table." His wife bellowed as the air around her sharpened with magic. She was angry as both Alice and she had gotten pregnant at the same time and now even Neville had come out of his Mama's womb but Harry or Clemence refused to even let them see if it was a girl or boy. James was sure it was a girl. She was so shy about it. He was so sure that they were going to have a little Clemence soon but Sirius wouldn't budge; he bet he was going to have a godson. Son! Yeah a son would be fine too, James thought. He would love to have a son to play quidditch with but if it was a girl, then she would be daddy's girl. A junior Lily and god help him if he wanted more of Lily in this house than anything. With four already boys in the house, having one more would cause additional havoc for Lily to clean up after. He made his way to Dorcas Meadows who was setting up the cloth on the table but she wasn't able to put it properly as her hands were not long enough and didn't extend two foot to the other side of the table. and thus James picked it up from the other side. Dorcas looked up and gave an appreciative smile as he helped. He returned her smile. 9:45 pm. Once the dinner was over and Mad Eye had checked every other beverage for poison, they all stood up and waited for the desert. The Longbottom's were talking to thier guests, the Diggle's were chirping and Lily Potter was hexing Mad Eye Moody for startling her with 'Constant Viligance'. The storm was still as heavy as before and the Ministry had blocked the floo network and shut down the Knight Bus. Only apparition was allowed and even that wasn't possible as the Longbottom mansion was heavily guarded with anti aparrition ward's by Dumbledore's own wand and of course they couldn't risk it by removing it. Nor was it possible for Lily to Apparite as she was pregnant and likely to splinch herself and the baby if she tried. She sighed sadly and took a bite of the strawberry jelly she had just taken out of Alice's kitchen. She had a sudden craving for strawberry and that was the only thing close to it. Lily rubbed her stomach, her heavy round stomach which made her look like a waddling duck because he/she refused to come out of her. "Will you stop huffing? You are giving Mad Eye jitters." Alice teased as Lily looked sideways at Mad Eye who was doing a minor surgery of the cake he was given. She huffed again and saw his body going alert as he gave her a withering glare. Lily just rolled her eyes and looked back at Alice. "I dunno, but I am tired." "You are always tired. You are pregnant." Lily growled, "I don't even know why the hell I am angry? I am just angry." Alice laughed and slumped in her chair then put a hand to her heart, "relax. Repeat after me. All is well, all is well." "All is we–" but Lily stopped in mid sentence as the baby gave a hard kick which sent her in to a world of sweet pain. She took deep breaths and looked at Alice who was watching her quietly with a secretive smile, "kicked." "Yeah, I saw." "Mhmm...What was it? All is well–" and it kicked again. "Honestly!" Lily said frustrated and looked at her stomach. "We don't kick mommy. Do you understand? Bad, baby!," and she received another kick. Alice laughed as she saw Lily taking deep breaths to calm herself and to not to yell at the nearest person and reduce them to a puddle of tears. Last time Lily was angry she had made poor Peter cry. Alice, though, was brought out of her thoughts as she saw Lily's eyes going wide. She stopped breathing, her pale skin went white. Alice gripped her hand sensing something was wrong. "Lily? Lily? Hey..." Lily looked up at her, eyes wide, she breathed. "The water broke." Alice's eyebrows disappeared in her hairline as she heard the wind rattling the windows of her dining room and saw that the rain had nearly flooded her lawn. She looked back at Lily and they both, for entirely different reasons, let out a blood curling scream. 9: 50 pm. The shrill voice coming from the dining made James jump in fear as he recognized Lily's voice. He looked back at Sirius and they both were running towards it by the second. As they entered, found nothing but Lily screaming and crying at the same time. While Alice was screaming like a banshee clutching her both cheeks;looking wide eyed at Lily "What? What happened, girl? Why are ye screaming?" Mad Eye asked as his magical eye roamed around the house looking for intruders. "She is having the baby!" "I am having the baby!" Lily managed to choke out as she clutched her stomach while Alice jumped around in panick muttering "oh my god" constantly under her breath. James' wand left his hands and settled on the ground with a clatter making the whole room go silent. "There is no floo?" He asked, quietly. Alice shook her head. "No other means of transportation?" "No," Alice whispered. "No." Oh. James screamed which made Sirius scream which made Alice scream which made Lily break the table with accidental magic. Mad Eye stomped his foot and Frank tried to get everyone to calm down and Remus, he saw, automatically shuffled back so as to not get caught in the chaos while Peter was jumping with Alice in panic. James, since nor he or Sirius had an ounce of brain for these things, pulled Moony forward by the collor and asked "What should we do?" gripping both of Remus's cheek in his hands as he shook the poor guy. "How would I know?" Remus asked, wide eyed. "I don't know! You are the sensible one." James yelled. "But I am not a healer!" Remus yelled back. "Will you two stop it! She is having a motherfuckin baby!" Sirius yelled in between them. They all turned around to find Peter grasping Lily's hand and telling her to breathe, he looked startled and in very much pain. Remus noticed Lily practically breaking his hand in the process of breathing. He shuddered. "What do we do ? What do we do? What do we do?" James asked pushing Peter aside who looked relieved to go. "Get her here!" Dedalus shouted from the door and Mad Eye litterally blasted off the door before Remus, Sirius and Peter jumped him. "You don't use Magic around a pregnant woman, Alastor!" Remus screamed in Mad Eye's ear. Mad eye grumbled something but they hardly paid attention since they saw James and Frank carrying Lily out of the room as she screamed bloody murder. 10:25 pm. "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" "All is well, Lily. All is well." "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" "All is well. All is well." "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" "All is–" THWACK! Remus clutched his cheek with one hand as Lily slapped him right across the face. "It's not well!" she screamed and then clutched her pillow with one hand and nearly broke his hand with another. Remus spluttered and looked around to find half of them watching in horror. James had fainted on the sofa from shock while Sirius and Peter were trying to wake him up. The other woman running here and there sending patronuses while carrying things to help Lily breathe and all at the same time. Remus Lupin did not understand why he was sent for comforting her. It was the last thing he knew but the moment James had fainted from shock; Lily had clutched his hand tightly as he was the closest to her and he hadn't been able to run away after that. So he tried to comfort her. "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!" this time Remus heard the scream in capital letters as he searched his memory to see if he had ever accidentally read a book on the subject of child birth. "You!" Lily snarled looking at him then yelped in pain and then looked at him again with anger in her eyes. If her glares could murder people he would be a dead man. She looked like she was going to breathe fire soon. "It's all your fault!" His fault? "My fault?" Remus squeaked. "Yes!" she seized his tattered collar. "James never had been good at Romance. You are the one who taught him poetry, all MY favorites!" she screamed. Remus shuddered. "I noticed him, I liked him and married him and Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" She collapsed as tears leaked out from her eyes. Her eyes ablaze, she continued, "and then I got pregnant! and then Alice got pregnant and Neville came out and they had a party and I had to come and I had to endure this!" She seized him close to herself. Sweat broke on Remus' face from fear. "You are a dead man if I survive this." Lily left his collar and went back to screaming. Remus swore that he would never help anyone get pregnant. Or get a girl. Or even look at a girl. 10:30 pm. Sirius threw fire in the floo. "Healer Madison." No one. "Healer Elizabeth!" No one. "Healer Wolfson!" No one. "Healer motherfucker." Still no one. Sirius sighed and looked back to find Remus trying to calm Lily down while James still lay faint from shock He tried the name of one of the last people he wanted to see but he knew that she would be the only person who could help. "Malfoy Manor." He shouted. When no one responded he thought of closing it but then he heard Lily screaming. Peter shivering with nerves and Remus' white face. He went in. Sirius put his head in the fireplace; on the other side was Narcissa Malfoy nee Black pressing a wand to his nose."Hello, cousin." She smiled, sweetly. "Fancy seeing you here." "Indeed, Cissa," Sirius said, amused. "It is. I didn't expect it myself." Sirius noticed that there was no one around. Not even a wretched house elf and considering this was the living room and either Draco's nanny or Lucius were always here doing something. Sirius smirked, Narcissa wouldn't agree but she was never the one to choose a side properly. "I would ask you to tea but you wouldn't drink something from a pureblood, will you?" Narcissa asked, coyly. Always for the dramatics, this woman. Sirius' tone was almost saint-like,"for the love of Merlin's saggy left testicle–" "Don't use that kind of language in my house!" "I need help." Sirius quietly grumbled getting to the point and then added, very sourly, "please." For a minute he thought Cissa was going to laugh but then she opened her mouth. "From me? Why? Where are your itty-bitty friends?" "Itty-bitty? Merlin's beard. You sound like Trixie." Cissa grimaced,