Disclaimer- I own absolutely nothing. Funny enough, twilight belongs to someone called Stephenie Meyer. However the plot is mine! waaahaaay. AN- This little story has been running through my head for ages! I've already have everything planed out so updates should be quite frequent as all i have to do is flesh out the chapters. I have no Beta so please keep that it mind. I will try and catch all mistakes but a few will most likely slip through. Let me know if you enjoy this or not as I have no idea if anyone would. If you follow my other story A Blooming Rose, i am sorry for the long wait for an update but i have had a hectic year. Plus my muse has gone and died on me. I am working on it though and HOPEFULLY a new chapter should be up This week. Hope you enjoy, so read on! Chapter one- Meredith. Bella P.O.V Bella closed her eyes as she let the soft breeze whip through her hair. Being outside always refreshed her mind. The four walls of buildings felt like they where closing in on her when she was inside to long. Claustrophobia is what the doctor had told her mother. Bella just felt like she was more in tuned with nature. There was nothing that could beat being out when the sun was high in the sky and everything was painted in a soft light. Bella carried on walking across the deserted clearing she was in. The grass seemed greener today, mocking her. She was going to miss this place most of all. Bella was on her way back to her house in phoenix. She could walk the pathway blind with the amount of times she had visited this clearing in the last three years. That was going to change soon though. Renee had married a minor league baseball player about two months ago. Phil was a brilliant guy and he balanced her mother out. Renee and Phil just clicked like two puzzle pieces. A lot better then her father Charlie and her mother ever did. There was nothing wrong with her father or mother individually, they where just not right for each other. Toxic. It couldn't be helped. Bella dug her toes into the soft earth for a moment. She would have to put her shoes back on when she reached the road. Renee always had a stern comment or two when she spotted Bella without any shoes on, which was quite often. Bella didn't like the confined feeling shoes caused her feet. However social necessities wouldn't let her run around barefoot. She didn't want to rush back. This was likely the last time she would get to visit this place. Bella diverged from her pathway and stumbled down a small bank. She would only sit for a few minutes. She needed to soak up the fresh air if she was going to be on a plane for the next six to seven hours. It was Renees idea really. She was going to go live with Charlie in five months time when the league was back up and Phil had to travel. Renee said she would stay at home but Bella could tell she would miss Phil if she had to. She couldn't do that to Phil or Renee. She never knew, forks could be fantastic. Unlikely but still a possibility. Renee had sat her down and talked to her last week. She wanted her and Bella to spend some quality time together before she left. After a lot of talking she had finally gotten on to the point of going on a vacation out of the country. Sure, Bella and her mother had travelled before but never out of America. It was exciting. Renee was thinking of places like Brazil or The Caribbean but Bella was already adamant on the place she wanted to go. She had been since she was eight and first picked up a book about ancient civilisations. Egypt was there destination. Bella always dreamed of going and here was her chance. It was a bittersweet victory. The hovering of leaving her mother was thick in the air. She wouldn't be coming back here, no, she was going straight to forks so these would be her last moments to make memories. Of course she would visit but it wouldn't be the same. Bella was going to focus on the here and now. She was finally ticking off a bucket list number. Bella got up from her seat on the bank and began her walk home again. Renee and Phil where most probably cuddled up on the sofa, ignorant of the world outside of their bubble. The thought made her smile. She would be lucky if she found someone who... fit her like Phil did Renee. Bella had seen what had happened between her mother and father. She could look upon relationships without rose coloured glasses, not like the rest of girls her age. True love was not often and happily ever afters you had to fight for. Life was not a Shakespearian novel. So don't treat it like it was. It would only end in heartbreak for everyone involved. Bella spotted the road leading to her house up above. The heat made the image distort slightly. It was lucky she lived in a hot place even if she didn't look like it. Egypt was going to be boiling in the summer and she felt like she was prepared for the heat she knew was to come. Bella had no idea what she was going to do with her life. At seventeen, shouldn't she have an inkling of what she wanted to do when she left school? Bella knew she wanted to get into ancient history or literature but that was as far as she could get. Did she want the picket fence and apple pie life? Bella couldn't hold in the snort. Definitely not. She wanted flavour and spice! Something exciting, an adventure! That was unlikely. Bella wasn't the kind to get that kind of life. Too studious. She found the weirdest things fascinating, not to even mention her non existent grace. Real life was far from an adventure novel. As Bella reached the road she saw a fallen tree of to the edge. The leaves where darkening and falling of. Something big must of happened because it was a large tree and it was still standing perfectly fine two days ago. The end of the tree was jagged and ripped. It wasn't sawn down then. Bella shook her head and carried on walking. Why was she just standing there like an idiot wandering why the tree had been chopped down. She was running late as it was. She promised her mother she would be in by half two for dinner, it was pushing quarter past three. To be fair her mother was most likely pre-occupied and would not notice her late arrival. The old swing that sat in there front lawn came into view. The paint was cracked and flacked in places and you could see the metal from underneath shining through. Bella loved that swing. She had great memories of her mother and her sitting on that very thing, laughing about mundane things and gossip Renee had heard. Bella wondered if she could get Renee to send it down to forks. Renee couldn't take it with moving around from spot to spot with Phil, so why not her? She wondered if it would fit in with Charlie's house. After dinner She would have to check she had packed everything. Her and Renees flight left at four. Bella couldn't wait to see all the museums and stalls. Egypt was a mine field for the senses. The bright colours, cuisine, the music and the soft fabrics they used. Her senses were in for a feast. She needed to make sure she packed all three cameras. Bella was an organised being and she had different cameras for different things. One for art. One for architecture and the other for just being out and about. Walking through the door she greeted her mother with a kiss and Phil with a smile. Yes she was going to make the best out of this. She had been dreaming of this trip for far too long to let a storm cloud rise above it. "Are you looking forward to the trip Bells?" Renee asked her as she sat twirling her fork in her bolognaise. Bella rose an eyebrow at her mother. She knew the answer to that. Renee let a chuckle escape and Phil joined in with her. Bella ran through what she had to do in her head before they left. She had already drawn out on a map there destinations. The museums and markets they wanted to visit. She had packed all of her clothes. She needed to go over her mothers stuff. One fault of Renees, she was hair brained. She would forget her head if it wasn't attached to her body. Yeah, she would definitely have to go through that. Bella looked around the yellow kitchen she was eating her dinner in. This was the last time she was going to see the bright walls. The last time she was going to be eating in here. The walls seem to close in on her when she thought that. Her breathing came a little faster. She was going to be stepping into the unknown. She had no clue what might come hurtling her way. This could be the end of everything she knew. Bella took in a deep breath. She needed to calm down. She refused to have a panic attack over a plate of half eaten spaghetti. This wasn't the end of anything. This was a new beginning. Bella P.O.V The flight was a nightmare. Bella Didn't do well with keeping still and in confined spaces very well. Luckily She had fallen sleep hallway through. When Renee and Bella had final left the plane they both sported haggard looks. They couldn't wait to get to their hotel and just rest for the night. Bella was determined they would go out early tomorrow. The first stop was The Egyptian museum in Cairo. It housed the world most extensive collection of Pharaonic antiquities. Bella had bought two, thirty two GB SD cards for her camera just for the place. She wanted to kick off big and what other better way? So that was what she was up to right now. She was standing outside the massive building basically vibrating with excitement. Renee was next to her smiling at Bellas obvious happiness. Snatching up her mothers arm She dragged the taller woman to the entrance. "Did you know the original collection was established in late nineteenth century under Auguste Mariette and housed in Boulaq?" Renees eyes danced with mirth as she regarded her daughter. Most teenage daughters only got this excited over their parents buying them a knew car. Not her Bella though. "No, but now I do." Renee let her drag her around for a little bit but then told Bella she needed to sit down for a little while. Renee promised to meet her in half hours time in the little café outside. Bella hardly took notice of her when she left. There was too much to see! Bella refused to leave before she had a proper look at all she could. She would keep going until her feet dropped off if she had too. Every exhibit was magnificent and the layout was easy to follow. The Museum was filled to the brim With ancient artefacts. It was a treasure trove for any history fan. Everything in this building had a story to tell. Secrets to whisper. The past was literally in every little thing in here. Bella could feel her fingers tingle with the urge to touch. She wondered how many artefacts in this building the museum didn't know