Logan sighed heavily as he made his way down the girl's hallway, passing a hand through his jet black hair. After a good half hour of yelling, he had finally finished chewing out Cyclops with promises of a week of meal cleanup and with threats of X-Jet cleanup. He was tempted to turn around and continue the lecture, but he had other things to take care of. A certain person to see. Approaching the closed door, Wolverine rapped lightly on the dark brown wood with his knuckle, his brown eyes narrowing when he received no answer. He knocked again, placing his free hand on the shiny gold doorknob. "Doe?" he called in his gruff voice, "M'coming in, so ya better be decent, kid!" He waited a moment and then opened the door with caution, to make sure that the girl wasn't hiding somewhere ready to jump out and attack. Though he knew the girl would never hurt him, or anyone, without a defensive motive, she was in a weird state right now and he needed to be cautious. Scott had been trying to unlock another ability to branch out Meadow's empathy in order to make her powers more offensive and "useful" to the team, but it hadn't worked. Meadow wasn't ready and Scott had pushed too far. The results had been destructive, landing Evan in the Medbay when Meadow had another one of her 'temper tantrums' and caused Evan to feel so much distress that he passed out. It took both Jean and the Professor to calm Meadow down to the point where she wasn't at risk to hurt herself or others. Walking further into the room, he finally saw her. She was sitting in the very far corner of her single bedroom, her back against the wall. She was still in her Danger Room uniform, her curly brown hair still pulled into a French plait. Her knees were drawn up to her chest and her arms wrapped around them as she rocked back and forth, her eyes pinched shut and her breathing heavy. The tense atmosphere caused him discomfort, but he pushed past it and exhaled through his teeth, moving to kneel in front of the teenager. He reached out to place a hand on her shoulder, but thought better of it, allowing it to drop back down to his side. "Doe?" he uttered softly, "Meadow?" Meadow whimpered and shook her head, "I-I'm f-fine, Lo—g-give me a…m-minute," she rasped meekly. Her body trembled, "I-I…need a m-minute." "Look at me, Doe," Logan encouraged, "C'mon, kid, open your eyes. You're going to hurt yourself." It was a moment before Meadow was able to obey, but when she allowed her eyelids to flutter, she revealed large blue eyes with slightly dilated pupils. Logan nodded in approval, "There, good. Now, take a deep breath and focus on me. Keep eye contact and tell me what emotion I'm projecting." Meadow forced her eyes to remain open and locked on Logan's guarded brown orbs. She inhaled through her nose and exhaled shakily through her mouth, latching on to Logan's emotional signature. "S-safety," she whispered, after taking a second to concentrate, "And care." Logan nodded again. Besides Professor Xavier, he had spent the most time with Meadow when she had first arrived. In fact, he had been the one to literally drag her inside the mansion kicking and screaming when she was thirteen. She had even tried to bite him. Now Meadow was sixteen and much more stable. She was thin, but muscular with the body of an athlete. She had large blue eyes, and curly brown hair that fell in ringlets to her lower back, when she allowed it. She had a widows peak and stood at 5'2 with moderately pale skin and full lips. A perfect mix of her parents from the family photo he had seen when Cerebro had first tracked her to Phoenix, Arizona. He watched as she broke eye contact with him and leaned her head against the wall, still taking deep breaths. "How's Evan?" she asked quietly, her voice still weak. Logan smirked, "Conscious. Don't worry, he's fine. He was very impressed..." he grumbled incoherently, "Stupid kid." Meadow snorted, the faintest of smiles twitching her lips, "I bet he was. That's so Evan." Logan made a sound of agreement and his facial expression turned more serious, "Do you want to talk about it?" Her body tensed and she shook her head, "No thank you." He sighed again and scrubbed a hand over his face, "Doe…" "Stop!" Meadow cried, slapping her hands over her ears. A large wave of anguish caused Logan to grit his teeth and he resisted the urge to unsheathe his metal claws. He clenched his fist when his hand started to shake and took a deep breath of his own, speaking though clenched teeth. "You want to hurt your family, kid?" he ground out, "That's what you wanna do, then? Hurt them?" Meadow flinched at Wolverine's bluntness and she opened her eyes to look at a spot on the glossy hardwood floor, giving a small shake of her head. "Then control yourself," Logan demanded, "'Cause your sister, your father, and whomever else you run into, ain't gonna be able to withstand your powers like we can. Especially if you have a tantrum or start projecting too much. Do ya' understand me?" When Meadow didn't answer, Logan grasped her wrists and ripped them away from her ears. "Do you understand me!?" he growled. "Yes!" she cried, "Yes, okay, I understand. I get it." "Okay," Logan relaxed and let go of Meadow's hands, "Yer gonna have to use everything you've ever learned here to maintain that type of control, unless you want your father and sister- "Stop saying that," Meadow interrupted harshly, "She's not my sister and he's not my father. Don't say that." Logan made a sound of annoyance deep in his broad chest. This was not in the job description of being an X-Men and he was not in the mood to deal with any more pestering problems. He was already planning to escape on his bike. Maybe he'd pummel a few boulders or hunt down Sabertooth. Go for a drink, probably. "Fine, kid, whatever," he finally said, climbing to his feet, "Now, do you want to mope around and keep wallowing around in denial or do you want to come outside and join the others by the pool?" She frowned, "The pool?" "After that disaster, Chuc—Prof thought you kids could use a break," Logan told her, "But that means double sessions, tomorrow. Even for you. So rest easy, tonight." "Great," she bit her lip "Lemme change first and I'll be right down." Logan nodded and ruffled Meadow's hair, "See ya' downstairs." Her eyes remained on his retreating form and she hesitated before she called out, "Logan?" He didn't turn all the way around, but he did turn his head, flicking his eyebrows up to indicate that he was listening. "Thanks," she said with a gentle smile, "I appreciate it…you." Logan raised an eyebrow, muttered something under his breath that Meadow couldn't hear, then left, shutting the door with a little more force than necessary. Meadow giggled at the look of awe she swore had been on the gruff man's face and she waited for his footsteps to fade before she rose from her corner, steadying herself by leaning a hand against the wall. She was still drained. She closed her eyes for a second, then walked over to her wardrobe and opened the doors, standing on her tiptoes to reach the top shelf. The swimsuit she pulled off the self consisted of a pair of black boy shorts and a dark emerald bikini top that looked more like a sports bra. Tears welled up in her bright eyes as she stripped off her uniform. It had been a bad idea for the Professor to tell her that she would be moving to Forks, Washington right before a Danger Room session. Though the room itself was almost indestructible, the students and machines were not. "I already hate Forks," she rumbled to herself angrily, "I hate Bella, I hate Charlie, and I hate this whole stupid thing!" Soon, the tears in her eyes made it impossible to change and with her uniform still around her ankles, she managed to stumble over to her four-poster bed and flop down face first. She reached out blindly in front of her, until her hands brushed against something soft. It was a simple dark brown and tan teddy bear and she squeezed it tightly, feeling comforted by its presence. She was a little old for toys, but the plush animal had been a gift from Storm her second day at the mutant school and it was something Meadow cherished greatly. Meadow rolled onto her side and hugged the bear to her chest. "I don't want to go," she whispered to the bear. She squeezed her eyes shut, a tear escaping, "God, this is awful." Flashback: A thirteen year old Meadow was curled up on the light magenta couch, her hands over her ears as she sobbed brokenly and screamed until her throat was raw , drowning out the sounds of her mother's shouts . " I don't know what's wrong with her ," Renee shrieked into the mouthpiece of the phone , " If I knew -" she turned suddenly to see her other daughter peering around the corner, her brown eyes wide and frightful . " Mom ?" Bella choked out , bursting into tears at the sight of her sister , " W - what's going on ?" Renee ignored the other voice on the phone and blinked once before she started screaming again through her own sobs , " Charlie , what did I say !? Take Bella upstairs and make sure she stays there !" Charlie rushed down the stairs and as soon as he got close enough , tears welled up in his chocolate brown eyes . Renee had called him two days ago , saying that he needed to get on the first flight to Phoenix . Something was wrong with Meadow , but when he arrived … this had been the last thing he was expecting . He had figured something like pneumonia or possibly even cancer , but not … insanity . Charlie grabbed Bella's hand, his grip slick with sweat ," Come on , Bell ," he tried to keep his voice from shaking , " Let's go upstairs , honey ." Just as Charlie began to lead Bella from the room , he stopped dead in his tracks , his hand falling limp in hers . A peaceful expression appeared on his face , a content sigh bursting from his lips . Bella wasn't in a much better state , her eyes dull with the same amount of contentment and harmony . Through her tears , Meadow could see the same thing happening to her mother . Renee's entire body relaxed and the phone fell from her fingers to land on the hardwood floor , the battery falling out in the process, disconnecting the call . Meadow opened her mouth to let out another scream , but when she did so , the overwhelming pain in her head seemed to lessen until it was nonexistent and she lay in the same position , stunned . She had suffered from the same migraine for over a year and nothing ever made it stop . She had been subjected to shots in her head and every type of medication available . Doctors had started becoming desperate , throwing around words that didn't even sound part o f any human language . She lowered her hands and sat up , her body still wracked with hiccups as she struggled to catch her breath . She pulled her disarray of curls into a messy ponytail and wiped her nose on her sleeve , as she got