" Mutants. Since the discovery of their existence they have been regarded with fear, suspicion, often hatred. Across the planet, debate rages. Are mutants the next link in the evolutionary chain or simply a new species of humanity fighting for their share of the world? Either way it is a historical fact: Sharing the world has never been humanity's defining attribute ." ~ Professor X Rosalie Hale was always adamant that she had been blessed with half of her happy ending when she happened upon Emmett McCarty, being mauled by a bear in Gatlinburg, Tennessee. She had quickly intervened and with her breath held, carried him home over a hundred miles in order for Carlisle to change him and once it was complete; it had been love at first sight. What had prompted her to save him was exactly what she was forever aching for: a child. With Emmett's childlike features, he had reminded her painfully of her friend Veera's baby boy, Henry. Rosalie was sure they were both dead now…another thing she envied, but that was beside the point. Even as the years passed and while she was sure that she had previously grieved the loss of her period, she couldn't let her need for children go; no matter how hard she tried. It was too painful and no one understood. Her adoptive mother Esme was satisfied with her and her other siblings as her makeshift children and Alice didn't remember, so she didn't miss it, but Rosalie did. There were many times when she felt bad for Emmett. When she got in these moods or whenever he caught her inconspicuously flipping through a baby magazine, he felt just as terrible as she did. He was devastated at the fact that he couldn't bless her with children. He could bestow upon her everything in the world if she so desired, but the one thing he would never ever be able to give her were babies and that was the only thing she really wanted. He wished he could give her that. Eventually, it became so painful that Rosalie began to spend all her spare time researching adoption. It was simply something that had nagged at the back of her mind. It wasn't a sure thing and of course, there was the issue of a human child having to be raised around vampires. Rosalie was enamored as she scrolled through the photolisting boards online and for once when it came to their secret, Rosalie was selfish and couldn't find it in her to care. Then, there was the matter of the Volturi. Being the second largest coven with not only an odd lifestyle, but three amazingly gifted vampires; they had to be more careful than any other coven. The idea of bringing a human child into their home was not being careful. She and Emmett could always move away from the coven if needed. There had been a time, when they were unable to control their desires for each other; Esme and Carlisle had kicked Rosalie and Emmett out of the house for awhile and they had been fine. The Volturi didn't come around often, and because time passed so differently for them, Rosalie's child could be fully grown before they even found out; let alone intervene. She had scrolled and scrolled, imagining that if she were human, her heart would have surely burst from her chest by now. Was it really possible that she could get away with this? Having fully convinced herself, and trying not to get her hopes up, one day, Rosalie approached Emmett with her held head high. She blurted out why she had been so secretive over these past months and admitted that she was looking into adoption. She had almost fallen over when Emmett agreed with no hesitation, though Rosalie could tell that he was nervous and unsure if he was the fatherly type. But his agreement was enough for Rosalie and she had been happy. That was the easy part. The hardest part would be the family meeting. Any kind of family changes, especially one as huge as this, was a must discuss that would take place at the rarely used long oval mahogany table that sat, rarely used in the large house the seven vampires occupied. Both Alice and Esme had swayed to Rosalie's side easily, knowing how much she ached for children and trusting that she had thought this through. Alice in particular, having seen her sister's decisions. Because Esme was fine with it, Carlisle had agreed with slight caution. Jasper had been irked and untrustworthy of both himself and bringing an outsider into a coven of vampires—not only an outsider, but a human one at that. Even if they were 'vegetarians', there was still a great risk. There was a matter of blood and their secret, but he couldn't go against Alice and he had reluctantly fallen silent at his wife's soothing reassurances. Edward was the worst and Rosalie would have ripped his head off if it weren't for Emmett holding her back. "No," Edward had said automatically, upon reading his sister's thoughts, "Absolutely not, it's too dangerous," he had folded his arms across his chest as though he had the final word. To say that Rosalie had been furious was an understatement. She loved her brother, of course, but Edward Cullen had irritated her since the very first moment she had heard him speak. She wasn't sure why she had waited for him to voice his opinion. Maybe it was to show her respect for her father and the coven he had worked so hard to build—not a coven, a family and it was one that valued each other and their morals; but this was something Rosalie had her heart set on and she was going to do it. Majority rules, she supposed. After Alice had proudly declared that this was going to be a great thing and that everything would be perfect, it was then the matter of Jasper easily hacking into certain systems in order to keep the agency and Social Services from trying to pry too deeply into their pasts and lives. Especially with the adoptive home study and surprise visits from a social worker. Carlisle had taken care of all the medical forms and Emmett and Rosalie had taken their required training classes outside of their current residence to avoid rumors. They had even decided to adopt out of state. One more family meeting had been held. A very lengthy, and at times, heated, discussing precautions and worries; but after days of debating, it had all been taken care of. Now, with their paperwork cleared, Rosalie currently sat in the passenger seat of Carlisle's Mercedes while Emmett drove. They were in Alaska on their way to an adoption matching event and as they got closer to their destination, Rosalie began to get choked up with tears she couldn't shed. "Emmett," Rosalie whispered, voice clogged, "Thank you. Thank you so much. I can't even," she cut herself off, "This is more than—with this life, I never thought- She was interrupted from her stammers, when Emmett, keeping one large hand on the wheel, reached over and intertwined their fingers, bringing the back of her hand to press it firmly to his lips. "I know," he said quietly, "I know, Rose. You've wanted this for a long time." In the same quiet tone, she asked, "Are you scared?" "Yeah," he said with a laugh, "I am." While he had memorized every single parenting book that Rosalie had forced him to read and had paid the upmost attention in the classes he was required to take, that didn't automatically disengage his magnified strength or other vampire qualities. All the same, he appeared to handle other fragile things pretty well: blankets, plates, helping Rosalie pick a few leaves out of her hair when she got too carried away with hunting. If he could handle leaves, then he could handle small children, right? As a human, growing up, he had an extremely wild adolescence. Gambling, drinking and womanizing. He had been a hunter and a woodsman for his family, never picturing settling down and starting a family like his human mother had wanted. Now, in this new and forever-existing life, he was married and had gotten married several times to the most beautiful girl in the universe. He loved his wife more than life itself and again, would do anything to make her happy. Rosalie was a mother at heart, pumped full of those kinds of instincts that both she and Esme shared, but wasn't sure he possessed. He was a naturally cheerful character and hardly took anything seriously, but this was something he needed to take seriously. He was cut off from his own anxious thoughts, when he felt the comforting pressure of Rosalie squeezing his hand. "You can do this, Em," Rosalie glanced at him with a smile, "It's going to be okay. Who knows, this might not be the event where we find someone that connects with us. It could take a very long time." "How do you think we'll know?" Emmett asked, "What are we doing, picking out a dog?" Rosalie's smile turned sad, "It appears that way, doesn't it?" she sighed and turned to watch the road, "It's almost disgusting, the way these people dress them up to put them on display, but…if that's what it takes to find them a family…" she trailed off just as Emmett pulled into a parking spot. "They just want homes," she finished with a whisper, squeezing his hand again, "And the social worker says the kids know what to expect. Overall, it's supposed to be fun." The event was held at a very large and colorful playground in Anchorage. There was a large deck area, a pond that rippled in the slight breezy air, walking paths, a garden and picnic tables. There was music playing and all sorts of games and activities set up so that the adults and families could easily interact with the children and other families. They exited the car and the out of state caseworker that they had been in touch with, checked the couple into the event. After being assured that they had no questions or concerns and with a quick briefing of the event, Rosalie and Emmett were free to roam. "I hope some of these people got the memo that we're not up for adoption?" Emmett hissed, wrapping a protective arm around Rosalie's waist. He didn't appreciate how some of the adults and volunteers eyed his wife. "Oh, hush," Rosalie smacked his chest lightly, not minding the attention. She flipped her hair for good measure, "And focus." Children of all types and ages were scattered around the park. Some playing, some speaking with adults, some doing cartwheels or somersaults on the grass in hopes to get someone's attention and some of the older children were isolated from the younger kids, looking like they couldn't care less, though they cared more than they would ever admit. After heavily weighing her options and speaking with the family, Rosalie had decided that it would be best to adopt a small child from the foster system, not a baby. While a baby was what she ached for, she worried how her cold skin would affect him or her. She couldn't breastfeed or anything of the sort and the process of getting a baby was much harder and much more complicated. She had also constantly pictured her fist child as a girl. Someone with Emmett's hair and the violet eyes she had as a human, but of course, that wasn't really attainable, especially now with their perfect appearance. " Don't try and push it ," Esme had said, " Don't force anything and enjoy yourself . These events are supposed to be fun for the children . It's not like picking out a new shirt or getting a dog , it's not a business . Relax ."