Chapter 1 The memory haunts my dream, the torture, the capitol, they made me watch Finnick die over and over again, till I went insane again, so they could get the information about the rebel forces I didn't have, I now lie on the hospital bed in district 13, waiting to be able to leave, I lie wearing nothing but a bed sheet. It's horrible. Waiting to be told I can leave, so I can be sure Finnick is ok. I don't believe the doctors. Suddenly somebody enters. "Hello Annie, how are you feeling" the doctor asks, I look at his eyes; he seems worried "I'm fine" I reply "Can I leave now" I ask eager to see Finnick, I miss him and love him and couldn't stand to see him be hurt in a way they showed me in the capitol, his limbed slowly being ripped apart, ripping the skin, the tenements, the muscles then slowly decapitating the bone blood staining the soft yellow glow of the sand on the beach in the Quell. The thought makes me scream with agony the picture goes through my head again and again, I try to block it out with the happy thoughts of him, at the dock where we fell in love, when we made the traditional district 4 bread together and when we collected sea shells on the beach but it doesn't work, the doctor, the memory still slaps my brain like a truck but I hide it out of desperation to see that Finnick is ok and not dead. The doctor sits down in the chair opposite my hospital bed "we decided it would be better for your mental health for you to see Finnick but" I cut him off by running out of the room, still wearing the sheet and running down halls, I run and run, down endless corridors and through what seems like thousands of doors and then I see him. Safe and sound, talking to Katniss. He turns around and his face bounces with happiness at the sight of me, I run to him and give him a big hug, feel his arms embrace me and I feel for just a second, safe. Safe from the capitol. Safe from the war. Safe from everything. I look at him longingly knowing the footage they showed me in the capitol was a lie. He is alright and he still loves me. Chapter 2 We are just getting ready to go to bed in the apartment place we were assigned, since they think not being near Finnick will put me into a series or paranoia when Finnick looks at me "They didn't hurt you did they?" Finnick looks at me, worried I'm sick of everyone being worried about me but at the thought of what they did in the capitol I am bound to the floor in a ball curled up trying to escape the grim reality that happened to me. He reaches down to help me up, he used to take care of me in district 4 when I struggled to cope, we would stay up all night and tie knots in rope until our hands bled, it sounds unusual but it was a distraction from my past, from his past, from every murder we have had to witness. "It's ok, you don't have to say Annie, it's alright you're safe here, they won't hurt you again!" he wraps his arms around me and I put my head to his chest and wrap my arms around him, I can hear his heartbeat. "Did they hurt you?" I ask being reminded of the video they showed me in the capitol, before I can think of what they showed me in the capitol Finnick tells me the "I got a knife in the thigh saving Peeta and got emotionally scarred with the jabberejays" he admits, he knows just by me asking how they tortured me in the capitol "What did the jabberejays say?" I ask curious, words don't hurt him and I have never even seen him cry. He looks tortured by the thought "It was a scream, your scream, was it your scream?" he asks hands trembling, I tell the truth "yes". "when I thought the games were over and you were dead" Chapter 3 I am haunted by another nightmare; this one is the games I won, my district partner being beheaded and being left alone, then the flood and the bodies. All the bodies, pale with the blood flow gone. Decapitated, a limb floating in the water and then Finnick is there only…. He is trying to kill me, he has the trident he uses at home to fish, he is swimming after me like a shark gliding through the water, I swim away, but the water level seems to be rising and I'm struggling to keep up but I can swim fine in reality so this dream seems unlikely but it feels real, it feels like it has happened before, Finnick is getting closer and closer until he drags me under and stabs me with the trident in the back, blood flows out into the light blue water presenting a red dye, Finnick swims away leaving me to bleed to death and drown but then, sharks come blood thirsty they begin to rip the limbs from my body chewing at my limbs are drinking my blood, the water goes lighter and lighter until it is so light I awake, but I'm outside wearing a flowing sea blue dress the colour of the flood in my dream before the blood dyed it another colour. It's the dress I wore in district 4 to special events. The dress is beautiful, I sit up and I'm at home in district 4, the place where I fell in love with Finnick, the docks were we fish for oysters I'm on the dock and before me is Finnick wearing his fishing uniform, on one knee "I love you, I always will I can't explain how happy I am to have you back it was torture listening to you scream of torture in the arena and I love you so much, will you marry me?" Finnick asks tears in his eyes, he is going to kill me, he is, I grab the closest weapon I can find; a knife and go to stab him, as I approach, knife tightly locked in grip he drops the ring and tackles me to the ground, as I hit the floor I slash his wrist and blood stains my dress and the wooden docks. He tosses the knife in the water looks me in the eye and gently presses his lips against mine and I am through back into reality, the Finnick in my dream was something the capitol had put in my head, "Bad dream baby?" he asks still pinning me to the floor and still blood flowing from his wrist I begin to cry "yes" I swallow "to both" I finish my sentence, he shreds a tear and lets me sit up, I feel the urge to grab the knife again and kill him but I know I have become a mutt, made by the capitol for their benefit against the rebels so instead I grab my dress and rip of 5 inches to make a bandage for him "I'm so sorry Finnick, it was, you were trying to kill me and I was in the games and…" The blood doesn't stop. "HELP, HELP, MY FIANCEE IS BLEEDING TO DEATH HELP, HELP ME" the blood multiplies and next thing I know I'm back in the hospital in District 13 "FINNICK" I cry into my pillow regretting the fact that I killed the man that I love the one person who I love more than anything in the world; but I am locked in the room no way out I grab my hair and pull it trying to pull away from this place a clump of black curls falls into my hands. Suddenly a voice appears "Annie? Annie?" Its Finnick, he's alive and safe "FINNICK! You're alive! I'm so sorry" I gasp I'm so happy the drip inserted into my hand was almost yanked out of my hand but just as that happened I'm knocked out. And I awake a few hours later in a normal hospital room "I'm sorry Annie" Finnick is sat in the bed next to mine but the curtains are drawn back "They wanted to see if you hated me, to make sure you didn't try to kill me" I get up, drag the pole that holds my drip and go to sit on the end of his bed "You mean try to kill you, again" I look at him, "It wasn't your fault it was the capitol" I know it was the capitol and I hate how they have turned me into one of their mutts. "So that proposal," I say "is it still valid, I mean not many wifes try to kill their husbands…" "Yes it's still valid" he sits up and reaches for a thin golden ring encrusted with Sapphires that was sat on his bed side table. He slips it on my ring finger and from that moment I am engaged. "Come on, let's go get some lunch" I helps me up, one hand holding the drop that is feeding me an endless supply of medicine to send me back to sanity and one hand gripping Finnick's hand, he takes me back to the apartment that we call home and I change out of my bed sheet and put on the uniform that we are supposed to where daily. We sit at a table with Katniss, Peeta and Johanna, there are only 4 chairs so I eat my lunch sat on Finnick's lap still holding his hand, I haven't let go of his hand since we were at the hospital. Lunch is awkward because of the trackerjacker venom they hijacked Peeta with was taking affect "I could hear your crying" I tell him "in the capitol, when they fed you false information about Katniss and told you they had decapitated her and used her limbs in a stew" I say the memory sparks back to him and it's too much, he crouches to the ground, rolls into a ball screaming agonisingly just as he did in the capitol, "you know Annie if you tell us we won't kill Finnick" president Snow's voice slices through me like a knife so I realise Finnick's hand and cover my ears trying to stop it, it isn't going away; his voice is getting sharper then he repeats "KILL FINNICK, KILL FINNICK, KILL FINNICK" on a constant loop, as I pick up a butter knife it stops, I scream and throw it into the wall but then it starts again "KILL FINNICK, Annie, he's going to die anyway make it less painful, if you really love him or do you?" I reach for a bowl and smash it on the floor, it cuts all my hands and spills broth all over the cream carpet. Finnick notices that my drip has been cut off so he scoops me off my feet and takes me to the hospital. Chapter 4 "Annie, um we have been running some tests" the doctors voice comes through speakers, I awake in a room with no windows, no doors, foam for walls and my hands have multiple stitches in, "did you know you were pregnant?" he asks, I look up and around, "Yes" I say "For the last 4 months?" "Yes" I look at the floor "Why didn't you tell anyone" the doctor asks, I didn't want anyone but Finnick to know, but I guess since I keep almost killing him he isn't interested in marrying me anymore. I shrug my shoulders and then one of the panels on the door opens and Finnick walks in. "Sorry I didn't tell you" I apologise, looking at the blood stained