AN: Okay, so here is the first chapter of my longer Harry Potter story, "A Marauder's Choice". I'm not gonna set an update timetable as it's summertime, I work 40 hours a week, and am going to take a summer class. I'll try to update every two-three weeks, but no promises! This is a Grey!Harry story with Slytherin!Harry. There are several OC characters as you can only rehash the story so many times with the same characters. I hope you enjoy. This story will go through all 7 years and maybe a bit after. Pairings: Harry Potter and Daphne Greengrass (3rd/4th year), James LeStrange and Astoria Greengrass (4th/3rd Year), Draco Malfoy and Hermione Granger (beginning 5th year), Sebastian Nott and Tracey Davis (6th year) Prologue: A Marauder's Choice – Operation: Give Pronglet a Childhood Late Night, October 31 st , 1981 – Godric's Hollow There was a soft pop as Sirius Black apparated to the front steps of the Potter's Residence in Godric's Hollow. It was eerily quiet, only punctuated by the muffled wails of a small child. The cold wind brushed against the twenty year-old's face, causing his hair to stand on end and his dark black locks to swish behind him. It was October 31st, 1981. Halloween as the muggles, and some wizards, called it. To Sirius, it would be the night he would remember as the night his whole world fell apart. As he entered the humble home, the signs of battle were evident. The front door stood wide open and his best friend, James Charlus Potter, lay on the floor; his life extinguished by what looked to be a Killing curse. The man who he had spent the last ten years of his life with, spent numerous hours pranking, laughing, and scheming with to get Lily's heart, was now dead. His life snuffed out by Dark Forces unknown, but Sirius knew it had to have been the Dark Lord himself. As he rubbed his eyes, Sirius knelt down and passed his hand over his friend's eyes, closing them slowly. He looked one last time before standing and solemnly walking up the stairs… Sirius reached the top of the stairs and the cries of the child became louder. The cries were overshadowed, however, by a cry of a man's voice. It was a deep voice, not unlike his own. James is dead! Who else could be here? Sirius thought as his wand shot from his wrist holster into his hand. He slowly walked down the hall towards Harry's room. The results of the Dark Lord's attack were apparent. Debris was everywhere with pictures on the ground and ash about. The walls, which once were adorned with family pictures of Harry, James and Lily with their friends, were now scorched which looked like battle damage. Sirius would have to come back and grab some of these things if Harry was indeed alive… He reached entrance of Harry's room, its door blown off its hinges. He could see right inside and was shocked by what he saw: a black clad man holding the body of Lily Potter. "SEVERUS! HOW DARE YOU!" Sirius screamed at the sobbing man, his wand already aimed right at him, "HOW DARE YOU HOLD HER!" Severus Snape, the Death Eater turned spy for the Order of the Phoenix and Albus Dumbledore, didn't have enough time to react before a Bone crushing cruse slammed into his head. He slumped to the ground, his skulled having been caved in and bleeding. Sirius looked at the body before using his foot to push Snape's now mostly dead body off Lily. He looked at his best friend's wife, desperately trying not to cry. The woman who had become his sister, his confidant, and his friend. Her face was just as pretty as he remembered it and he slowly pushed her red hair off her face. "Lily, please come back! I don't think I can live without you and James, Lily. Please, I'm begging you…" Sirius said as he fell to his knees and picked up her body, cradling it in his arms. Tears were now streaming down his face as he finally allowed what had happened to affect him. His best friends were dead. "I'm so sorry Lily. I'm sorry I couldn't stop him. I should have been here!" he slammed his fist onto the floor as he cradled her body. A soft wind blew through the house almost whispering to him. He felt as if there were two hands on each of his shoulders. As he turned around however, the feeling was gone. He looked to where the he had felt the Potters, and saw their son. Harry Potter… The one year-old had stopped crying and was staring at his Uncle Padfoot. Sirius smiled as he looked into the eyes of his godson. "Did anyone ever tell you that you have your mother's eyes?" He smiled as he rubbed across his eyes with his right sleeve, removing the tears that had been streaming down his face. Sirius gently laid Lily back onto the floor of the nursery before standing and making his way over to the cradle. He picked up the small child and cradled him in his arms. "It's okay Pronglet, Uncle Padfoot is here. I'll take care of you, I promise." Sirius sat down in ornate rocking chair that he had seen James and Lily use to rock Harry to sleep time and time again. Memories flooded back to him as he sat. The day Lily had brought Harry back from St. Mungo's, his first words, his first steps… He was still holding the little boy and began rocking with him, singing a song he had heard Lily sing once before. Leaves from the vine, falling so slow, like fragile tiny shells, drifting through the foam. Little auror boy, come marching home, brave auror boy, come marching home. As he looked down at Pronglet, who was fast asleep, Sirius again let himself go. He began to sob for everything that had happened. His best friends were dead. Peter had betrayed them all. He would get revenge, on everyone who had ever stood against him, but not that night. Tonight, he had to ensure Harry's safety. Suddenly, he heard a loud bang from below him on the first floor followed by an "Ouch". Hagrid. Merlin help me. He continued to rock back and forth with Harry in his arms as he heard the oaf creak his way up the stairs. It seemed that the Half-Giant was attempting to be sneaky, but was failing miserably. Kind of hard to be sneaky when you weigh 30 stone, Sirius laughed lightly as Hagrid made his way into the room that contained Padfoot and Pronglet. "Oh, Sirius. Wasn't expectin' you being 'ere." Hagrid said in his heavy accent (which Sirius barely could understand) as he looked from Sirius to the body of Snape and Lily, "Oh Dumbledore isn't gonna be happy about that. Not in the slightest." "Is that all you're worried about? Dumbledore's response?" said Sirius, venom coming off his tongue. "Two of my closest friends are dead, dying to protect their only son. Another of my 'friends' betrayed them, leaving them in the hands of the Dark Lord! How dare you!" "Sirius, I 'ave orders from Dumbledore to take Harry to 'im. 'e must be protected." Spoke the half-giant as he reached for Harry. "You're not taking him anywhere! This is all Dumbledore's fault!" His voice could barely croak out the words, barely holding back his tears, "I am his Godfather! I will protect him!" Hagrid was taken aback by the refusal but pushed harder, "Dumbledore knows what's best Sirius, you of all people should know this." He reached for the child once again, but this time was met with a wand aimed at his throat. "You. Will. Not. Touch. Him." Sirius spit out as he held Harry close to his chest. "Sirius. You must trust 'im. It's for the greater good." Hagrid said as he almost lunged at Sirius. " STUPEFY! " Sirius screamed and pushed all of his magical power into the spell. The spell slammed into the chest of the half-giant, bringing him down. Sirius swore under his breath as he panted for a moment. Why do giants have to be so big? He thought as he kicked Hagrid, ensuring he was knocked out. "Well Pronglet, looks like Dumbledore knows we're here. We better get out of here before more of his friends show." Sirius said as he poked the tip of Harry's nose with his index finger, "I know the perfect place for us to go lay low for a bit." He walked out the room, leaving the two dead bodies and the unconscious half-giant behind, and walked down the stairs. As they neared James' body, Harry cooed out a "Dada!" as he looked at his father. "Yeah, Pronglet, we'll avenge them. Don't you worry." He said as he walked out the front door. As they reached the street, Sirius looked back at the house, "I'll protect him until my dying breath. Don't you worry." He smiled as he apparated away… Early Morning, November 1 st , 1981 – Potter Manor Sirius arrived at the old Potter Manor, a house he had fled to a mere five years ago. It seemed like home to him, much more than the Black Manor at 12 Grimmauld Place. The Potters had allowed him to seek refuge from his evil mother, Walburga Black, and had took him in when he was sixteen. They did it with no questions asked, however he did tell them about what had happened. Charlus Potter about marched over the Black Manor himself, before Mrs. Potter had stopped him. It was the greatest summer of Sirius' life. The Potters were the greatest people ever; Sirius had thought at the time. They didn't judge him, berate him about getting sorted into Gryffindor, or even yell. They seemed like the perfect family. As he walked towards the gate, he could feel the power of the wards. They were some of the most powerful he had ever seen, barring those at Hogwarts. Some were as Ancient as the house itself (and lethal), while others were much newer and protective. He stopped at the gate. I should still be keyed into the wards, plus I have Pronglet with me! He thought as he gently placed his hand on the gate. When he did so, the hand print slowly turned a bright gold before disappearing. The gate slowly began to open to Sirius and the little Lord Potter. "Welcome home Harry, welcome home…" he trailed off as the pair made their way up to the Manor. A short walk later… "Geez, Harry. When did you get so big?" Sirius said as he adjusted the one year-old for the fifth time, "And since when was Potter Manor so far away from the gates? Merlin. I'm getting old." The manor slowly loomed into view as he had walked the quarter-mile from the gate to the house. It was even grander than Sirius had remembered… It was a beautiful dark red brick color with massive white-circular pillars lining the front of it. It stood an impressive three stories tall with a few towers jutting into the sky. It was truly a sight to be seen. As he neared the front door, a small house elf appeared with a pop. "Misters Black has returned! Oh, Nibby is being very happy!" Nibby, the young house elf said as he smiled up at Sirius. The little elf wore the traditional garb of a House of Potter elf, a green shirt with green pants. Sirius had once remarked to James that they looked like fatigues from the Muggle military. James had just laughed and transfigured a nametag onto the front of the uniforms so they would look even more like it. "Hello Nibby, you remember Harry Potter right? Say hi Harry!" Sirius said as he leaned Harry