Ancient Runes is for Dummies Written by AlexL61 Author's Note: Not epilogue compliant. This story is about Harry and Daphne Potter (formerly Greengrass)'s relationship at Hogwarts. I shed the overly common "Ice Princess" Daphne for a more fun-loving and bubbly Daphne, hope you enjoy. Harry Potter was suddenly woken up by a cry coming from the down the hall. He slowly rolled out of bed, trying to keep from waking Daphne. That obviously failed as she started moving and stretching. "Is it mornin' already?", she muttered as she laid her head face down on Harry's pillow. "It's four thirty in the morning Honey. James is just crying, go back to sleep…" Harry responded as he placed a kiss on her forehead and slid the rest of the way out of the bed. Daphne smiled softly as Harry kissed her head, "Alright… Night…" she responded as she slipped back into her slumber. Now, you might be wondering how Harry Potter, the Man-Who-Won and Savior of the British Wizarding World, ended up in love with Daphne Greengrass. Well, it all goes back to a moment a few weeks after the first task in fourth year… " Anyway Hermione, I just need some help understanding the Egyptian Runes. I don't get them…" a girly voice said as Harry rounded the corner into the hallway in front of the Library from his Charms class. " Okay, Daphne. I can help… Are you sure the Slytherins will be okay with you getting help from me?" Hermione asked, obviously concerned for the blonde-haired girl who Harry now knew as Daphne. He kept walking towards them as they were talking, Hermione saw him and waved. " Don't worry about it, I just need a good grade on the next exam. As long as I don't marry a muggleborn, my parents don't care who I study with." She smiled, "Anyway, got to go. Wednesday at 8 in the library?" " Sounds good, see you then!" Hermione responded. Harry watched as Daphne smiled brightly at the muggleborn witch and turned right towards him to walk back to the Slytherin dorms. As she passed him, she smiled again as she pushed some of her hair that had fallen in front of her eyes behind her ear, "Hiya, Harry. You did great at the first task." She didn't wait for a response, but kept walking with a slight spring in her step. Harry turned to watch as she walked off and turned the corner. He turned back to his friend, "Hermione, who was that? She's really pretty." he asked. " That was Daphne Greengrass, Harry. She's a Slytherin in our year." Hermione rolled her eyes, "You would think you would know people in your own year." She cuffed the back of his head and they both walked into the library to work on some charms homework… " I'm telling you Harry, she'll say no." Hermione said as she sat in the Library with Harry, waiting to Daphne to arrive for their tutoring session. Over the past five weeks, Harry had decided that he needed to widen his friend group beyond just Ron and Hermione. So, in pursuit of that, he had decided to attend the tutoring sessions with Daphne. Not that he paid attention or anything, to be honest he just did his Transfiguration homework while Hermione rambled on about this rune or that rune, but he wanted to get to know Daphne. " But what if she says yes? She shouldn't have a date yet, they just announced it yesterday." Harry asked, shifting his eyes towards the door to the library. Harry had gotten to know Daphne pretty well. It started out as just him asking her questions about Transfiguration, something he found out she loved. Then he would ask questions about her family, finding out her sister Astoria was a few years younger than her was also a Slytherin. Her parents were from the neutral Greengrass house but her Grandfather had given some money to Lord Voldemort when he was just a revolutionary rather than a mass murderer. She wasn't ashamed of it, but rather would say that, 'That's what all the purebloods did. He wanted more power for us, why would be against that?' Maybe she was right… " Then you have a date to the Yule Ball. But she's going to say no." Hermione stated matter of factly. While Harry had become better friends with Daphne and she would laugh and giggle at his jokes, Hermione just didn't believe that Daphne wasn't just being her regular bubbly self. Hermione really didn't know anything about relationships or even girls for that matter, so she couldn't really tell if Daphne was flirting or not. " Shhhh. She's coming." Harry whispered to Hermione as the large doors to the library opened, letting through a short, blonde-haired beauty named Daphne Greengrass. She quickly scanned the room before spotting Harry and Hermione. She smiled a small smile before waving, to which Harry returned emphatically. She giggled and made her way over to the table. " Hey guys, sorry I'm late. I've been having boys stop me in the halls for HOURS!" Daphne said exasperated, "They just don't get it that I'm not just some pretty face…" " Too right." Hermione said, shifting her eyes to Harry who had taken to looking at his Transfiguration book, trying not to look guilty or anything, "Do you have a date yet?" " Nope, I don't really want to go if I'm just going to be arm candy. You know?" Daphne said, looking at both Hermione and Harry, "Either of you have a date yet?" Harry's eyes shot up at that last comment, "Well, I was hoping that youwouldgowithmeDaphne." Daphne scrunched her eyes at what Harry had just asked, "Pardon?" ' Great, botched it.' Harry thought, he fumbled with his words for a second before looking at Hermione for help. Hermione rolled her eyes before trying to help, "He wants to know if you will go with him…" " oh." Daphne said in a small voice, "uhhhhh. You're a Half-blood, right?" ' Great, she's gonna turn me down because I'm not a pureblood…' Harry thought as he nodded in the affirmative to her question. " Great! I'll go with you on one condition! My Daddy is on the Board of Directors for Hogwarts and is coming this weekend. You have to meet him!" Daphne said as she ruffed his hair, "You were worried I was going to say no because you're a half-blood, weren't you?" " Kind of. I mean, you're a pureblood Slytherin so I just thought…" Harry said, he was excited to go now but… " I'm not Malfoy, Harry." She smiled, "My Dad doesn't like Muggleborns, no offense Hermione, but I don't only look at blood status." Hermione slightly frowned but Daphne didn't notice, "Thanks for inviting me Harry." " I'm glad you too found dates to the ball, but we need to work on Ancient Runes." Hermione said as she cleared her throat. Daphne turned back to her tutor and put on a polite smile before continuing their tutoring. " Ah, Mister Potter. I have heard much about you from my Daughter", Christopher Greengrass said as he walked up behind Harry, who was waiting for Daphne. He extended his hand to the raven-haired boy who had jumped slightly and turned around, "Is it true you defeated a Basilisk in your second year?" Harry quickly took the man's hand, shaking it with a firm enough grip to not look weak, "Yes sir, I found the Chamber of Secrets after a student was kidnapped and taken down there." " Fascinating, you'll have to tell me more over lunch Mr. Potter." Christopher smiled as he talked, "I believe Daphne will be accompanying us to "The Ivy", a muggle restaurant near Diagon Alley. I have heard from my wife that they have good food there, though I have never been myself." " Sounds good, Lord Greengrass." Harry said with a curt nod. " No need for the Lord shite son, that's my father. Oh, almost forgot, he will be joining us as well. Not to interrogate you", Christopher laughed getting a chuckle from Harry as well, "He just wants to see Daphne. And here comes the beauty herself!" The dinner went well, with Lord and Mr. Greengrass asking Harry all about his time at Hogwarts and Harry telling them his stories animatedly. By the time it was over, Lord Greengrass was questioning whether Dumbledore should oversee children, though he kept his concerns to himself. The weeks before the Ball flew by and soon it was Christmas day, with the dance quickly approaching. Harry was standing near the door to the Great Hall, anxiously waiting for his date to arrive. He had managed to keep who he was taking to the Ball a secret, but everyone knew it wasn't a Gryffindor. Ron had asked four girls before getting Pavarti Patil to go with him. He had wanted Harry to go with Padma, but Harry said he already had a date, which surprised Ron who had decided Harry was hopeless with girls. As Harry stood there, he checked his watch again, "Five minutes late… Where is she?" Harry muttered to himself and he fidgeted with the watch. Daphne was almost never late to anything, beyond Potions where she was late everyday. Snape never said anything though, quickly eying her from the front of the classroom. As he thought about that Greasy Git of a Potions Professor, Professor McGonagall turned to Harry, "Mr. Potter, I do hope you have a date? I will be extremely disappointed if you do not." " I do, Professor. She's just a little late." Harry said, almost unsure of his own words. Professor McGonagall just nodded at returned to waiting. They waited a few more minutes before they heard the clicks of running heels. Harry stood there as the clicks got closer and closer before they turned and saw a jogging blonde turn the corner, "I'm so sorry I'm late, my dad called me on my mirror and I had to talk to him." She smiled as Harry as he just looked dumbstruck at her. " Wow Daphne, you look beautiful." Harry said as Ron stared at his best mate's date. " You don't look too bad yourself, Harry." She winked at him as she extended her arm for him to grab. As they joined arms, Professor McGonagall just smiled at them. " Glad you finally showed up, Ms. Greengrass. I was afraid I might have to dance with Mr. Potter." Harry looked at her scandalized but Daphne just laughed. As they were lead into the hall to have the first dance, a muffled, "HE WENT WITH A SLYTHERIN! THEY'RE EVIL!" could have been heard from Ron but luckily Harry was too busy worrying about looking stupid while dancing. When they reached the dance floor, Daphne shifted to his front and looked at Harry expectantly. When he stood there confused, she slowly smiled and stood on her tiptoes to whisper in his ear, "Put your right hand in the crook of my back and left had in my right hand, Harry." He did as she asked and they slowly began dancing to the first song. When Harry stepped on one of her feet, she shifted her body and whispered, "Stop looking at your feet Harry, close your eyes." Harry once again followed her advice and soon she was leading them around the dance floor. As they were dancing, Daphne lowered her head onto Harry's shoulder. If Harry was paying more attention to his surroundings and not so much the smell of Daphne's hair, he would have felt Daphne pushing some of her magic into him causing him to be able to match her in dancing skill. As they danced across the floor of the Great Hall, they melted into each other. With Daphne slithering her hands up around Harry's neck while Harry's hands found