Playlist - June Time - 1 hour 60 minutes (2 hours) # of songs - 32 50 Ways to Say Goodbye - Train As You Turn Away - Lady Antebellum Bartender - Lady Antebellum Battlefield - Jordin Sparks Because of You - Kelly Clarkson Before He Cheats - Carrie Underwood Behind These Hazel Eyes - Kelly Clarkson Best Days Of Your Life - Kellie Pickler Bird Set Free - Sia Break The Rules [Explicit] - Charli XCX Broken [feat. Amy Lee] - Seether Church Bells - Carrie Underwood Dear Future Husband - Meghan Trainor Don't You Wanna Stay - Jason Aldean With Kelly Clarkson Going Out Like That - Reba McEntire Heart Of The World - Lady Antebellum I Knew You Were Trouble - Taylor Swift Into the Night - Santana feat. Chad Kroeger Just A Fool - Christina Aguilera Blake Shelton Like I'm Gonna Lose You - Meghan Trainor feat. John Legend Like We Never Loved At All - Tim McGraw [feat. Faith Hill] Never Again - Kelly Clarkson No Air - Jordin Sparks feat. Chris Brown Remind Me - Carrie Underwood feat. Brad Paisley Set Fire to the Rain - Adele Shake It Off - Taylor Swift Since U Been Gone - Kelly Clarkson So What [Explicit] - P!nk Sober - P!ink Stitches - Shawn Mendes We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together - Taylor Swift Wouldn't Change a Thing - Demi Lovato Joe Jonas ~~July~~ Percy never knew it would end like this. He imagined some monster would triumph over him, or he'd die of old age/a certain goddess not liking him. Maybe he'd get his leg stuck in a vending machine and the firemen had to amputate him and he died of bloodloss. That was much better than what he was going to do now. He took a shaky breath in. Hundreds of feet below was dry land, hidden by a layer of fog. The wind was cold, which was to be expected for an early February morning. Sleet pelted his face, making him more numb than he already was. As he took a step closer to the edge, the memories from only hours before filled his vision. ~~July~~ 30 more minutes. Percy couldn't believe it. He was getting married in 30 minutes to the woman of his dreams. He was head over heels, making sure everything was perfect for her. The flowers had to be a certain way and a certain colour, the guests were too be happy and merry. Jason kept pestering him. " Dude, everything is good." the son of Jupiter sat on the counter, watching Percy with his sky blue eyes. " Good isn't enough." Percy paced the room in a mild panic. "It has to be perfect. Athena AND Poseidon will be here!" Jason sighed. "Percy, you're starting to sound like Malcolm." Percy turned on his heel to glare at his ring-bearer. "That was cold." Jason chuckled, slipping Percy's future wedding band into its holder. "Why don't you go check up on Annabeth. She might be able to calm you down." Percy thought for a minute. "Yeah, I guess so." Jason closed the box. "Great, I'm gonna go and make sure Leo doesn't accidently set fire to the cake." Percy's eyes grew to the size of dishes, causing Jason to erupt into giggles. " I'm just joking." Percy scowled. "Imma make you eat your own bolt next time you do that." With that, the groom-to-be exited the bathroom and made his way to see the bride-to-be. It didn't take long for him to find her - she was supposed to be in the dressing room. After all, the dress the Aphrodite Cabin made for her had to be assembled in person and fitted onto her body - the silver and red silk dress was to be as perfect as Percy's grey and green suit. He didn't think to knock. He's seen Annabeth undressed many-a-time before. He never expected to walk in on his wedding planner and his fiancee halfway undressed and sucking face. The scene was worse than anything he has ever seen, and he's seen a lot of stuff. Annabeth's hair was halfway undone from its wedding bun. Her dress was hastily unzipped and the torso pulled inside out over itself so her chest was exposed, which had no bra. There was clothes flung all across the room, some of which were not Percy's nor Annabeth's. The wedding planner, a guy in his mid 30's, was being pressed against the chair by the blonde, his shirt missing and jeans unzipped, arms wrapped around Annabeth's neck. Percy's mind went blank. According to the news report, there was an earthquake reported to have only affected that building, the walls crumbling down and the water pipes bursting from as far as 100 feet below the building. No one was dead, miraculously, but there were a few injuries like broken bones and broken hearts. He couldn't look at her, he couldn't look at anyone. Athena probably despised him for acting in such a manner, probably not knowing about Annabeth's affair that had apparently been going on since she was legal , about a year ago. Poseidon might have been held responsible for the building's destruction. All Percy could see when he closed his eyes was the look of guilt in Annabeth's eyes when she turned around and saw the witness to her affair. All he could hear inside was the girl trying to justify what she did, to belittle it and promise that 'it was nothing serious'. All he could feel was numb. ~~July~~ The girl who he loved with his entire heart had cheated on him. He couldn't believe it was only a month ago, it felt like just yesterday He took another step towards the edge. He did all his calculations right - it was tall enough to catch some attention. Once his feet left the ground, the sky god would feel his presence in his domain and smite him down to Hades. Percy planned on staying at DOA Recording Studios for life… er, death. He rid himself of any money, made sure all his magical items were somewhere he couldn't get to… or, more accurately, somewhere that they couldn't get to him. Anything valuable was gone, lost forever the moment he dies. Elysium was not his goal anymore, how could it be? He knew he would automatically go there once he crossed the Styx. But he didn't want paradise - not one without a loyal Annabeth. His one true love, the one that made him whole, the one who apparently didn't love him back. His toes were dangling off the edge now. He took a deep breath, closed his eyes, and leaned forward. He spread his arms out wide, preparing himself for the stomach drop he'd feel. He never left the ground. ~~July~~ When Percy's eyes opened again, he wasn't in DOA Studies. He sat up, rubbing his eyes. The sun had barely moved in the sky, or maybe it was a different day? Something poked his forearm gently. As his vision came into focus, he found himself face to face with the most beautiful girl he'd ever seen. Her face was dotted with faint freckles which were more prominent across the bridge of her button nose. Although her greenish/light brown eyes radiated with a midst of wisdom, her face held youth and brightness. She had flowing blonde hair which cascaded just past her petite shoulders. When the sun shone, it caught the colour of her hair just right, turning it into beautiful golden strands which appeared too precious to even touch. She was small, but had an athletic frame, one which might of been built by a lot of running or sport in her younger years. Her skin, a light golden brown, was bright with joy. Her choice in clothes complimented her small frame - a tunic made from a pastel yellow silk fabric and mid-thigh shorts that were pure white. Her shoes were gladiator style, the white and gold weaving rising up to just an inch below her knees, golden hairs barely visible on her copper-like skin. She wore a thin gold and silver choker, small pearl charm dangling in the very center. It was obvious that she had no makeup on, but she looked so perfect that no one would even notice. Percy must have been staring, because the girl frowned. "Um, hello? I'm talking to you." Percy shook his head. "Uh, wha?" The girl's frown got deeper, causing little dimples to appear. "I said are you okay?" Percy opened his mouth to say something, but nothing came out. Holy Hera this girl is cute. The girl snorted. "Well of course I'm cute." Percy's eyes widen. Did I say that out loud? "No," The girl tilted her head, her curls rustling and shimmering as they fell to the left. "But you might as well have been." Percy was officially creeped out. Was he that easy to read? The gears turned in his head. There was only one person he knew with greenish-brown eyes. ~~July~~ "...Hera?" The goddess smiled at the name. "Yup." "Why are you here?" "To ask you why would you try to commit suicide." Hera sat down in front of Percy. The demigod looked down at his lap and playing with his thumbs. "Annabeth…" The goddess scowled. "Yes, where is that good for nothing blonde? Shouldn't she be preventing you from doing something like this?" Percy broke down right then and there. His sobs echoed across the cliffside, startling the goddess. Hera couldn't understand why his reaction was so harsh towards this girl. She thought he loved her. Did she die? Percy did something unexpected. He leaned forward and rested against her chest, sobbing softer now. She didn't know what to do; she held him there for what seemed like hours to him and eons to her. When Percy sobered up, Hera gingerly wiped his face with a silk handkerchief that had been a gift from Psyche. She feared that he would break down again if she mentioned the blonde, but she needed to figure out what was wrong. "Did she die?" Percy stayed silent for a few minutes. "She cheated on me." His voice was small, broken. Hera's rage boiled in her chest. She silently vowed to herself that this daughter of wisdom will pay for a crime like this. Percy choked a little. "30 minutes before our wedding ceremony." Hera's eyes widened dramatically. "She did what?!" Percy flinched at the pitch of her voice. Hera mentally reminded me herself that screeching was not the right thing to do when someone's ear is near her mouth. "I found her, in the changing room, with the f*king wedding planner. " He sounded angrier now. Hera was fairly certain that was a mortal curse word, but she didn't know for sure. "I will personally wreck my wrath upon her." Percy shook his head, sitting up. "No." Hera blinked in confusion. The rest of her being did too, even the one sitting at a marriage counselor room helping a couple. "No? Why do you say no to this?" "Nothing good comes out of wrecking wrath upon someone." Percy holded his hands on his lap. "I just… I want to stop feeling this pain." Hera looked down at ther handkerchief. She only knew two people who could help the pain, they've helped her before. "How about we take a trip back to Greece?" Percy half glared at the goddess. "And have me die there? You just saved me from suicide, going back to Greece is suicide ." She waved her hand, dismissing the comment. "I'll be there with you. Besides, you need to get out of America, at least for now." Percy seemed to ponder this, then nodded. "If you say so…" She took his hand and pulled him up to his feet. He stood much taller than her, easily 6 feet and 2 inches. Hera had decided to