Look, I didn't ask to be like this. I didn't walk into Wal-Mart and buy what kind of life I wanted. I wish it worked like that. It doesn't. If you're reading this because you think it's some fantasy world made up in the mind of an author: good. Don't believe in a word I say. But, if you feel something inside you wake up… Run. Run far away from this book and don't turn back. Believe whatever your mom or dad told you about your birth. Believe them when they say your other parent, the one you never met, is dead or left. It's only a matter of time before they feel it too, and then you are a fugitive, on the run forever. Don't say I didn't warn you. Ȣ My name is Percy Jackson, and my life is an absolute trainwreck. Sure, I could start anywhere in my life to prove it: the fact my father had left me and my mom behind to fend for ourselves, the bottomless list of school's I've been to, the weird things that happen in my life… But, it all went downhill a few months before I turned 13, back at Yancy Academy for Troubled Students. Am I troubled? Apparently so. In all honesty, most things that happen to me wasn't all my fault, but of course the blame gets put on me, so… It was a cool May morning, which would have looked nice if I wasn't on a neon yellow school bus with 50 other kids that were also troubled. And, above it all, I was sitting right behind my arch nemesis – Nancy Bobofit. Bobofit was this midget of a girl with a temper as fiery as her hair. She had bright orange freckles dotting her cheekbones and nose, papery-white skin, crooked yellow-and-brown teeth, and the sickliest green-brown eyes to ever exist. On top of that, she was a kleptomaniac girl who adored picking on my best friend Grover. At that moment, Nancy decided that she was going to throw pieces of cauliflower and ketchup peanut-butter sandwich at Grover's hair, where it got stuck in his chocolate locks. "I'm going to kill her." I grumbled and went to get up, but Grover pushed me back down with his crutch. "Perce, it's okay. I like peanut butter." Without looking back, he dodged another piece of flying doomsday sandwich. "That's it." I went to turn around, but Grover put his hand on my shoulder. "Percy, you know what'll happen if anything goes wrong on this trip." This 'trip' was the school's idea to get us out of the halls of the boarding school by sending us 50 miles away to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in Manhattan, New York. Brilliant idea, I know. Of course, I'm infamous for things going wrong on field trips. In 5th grade, last year, I had accidentally blown up our school bus at Saratoga Battlefield. I wasn't aiming at the bus, but with my luck I hit it anyways. And the year before that, in 4th grade, I accidentally leaned against the lever of the catwalk at Marine World's shark tank. Needless to say, we all went swimming with some very shocked sharks. And the year before that… Well, you get my point by now. But still, Grover was the most picked on kid at school (other than me, of course). He was a crippled kid who constantly limped when he walked (but don't let that fool you. He can put up quite a run when it came down to enchiladas for lunch). He always wore jeans that were two sizes too big, and shoes that obviously were too loose. His face was littered with acne, which hinted he must have been held back a few times. A mustache and beard was creeping onto his face in patches, but the school didn't allow razors so there was nothing he could do about it. He had this weird nervous laugh, almost like bleating if you cup your hands around your ears enough, and he cried easily. Naturally, I was his only friend. Because of this, everyone picked on me too. I was fine with being picked on – I looked strange in the first place. My hair was pitch black with a deep red hue to it when it was in the light, odd eyes that weren't quite green, but also not quite blue – almost a sweet-green with hints of mint. I was tiny for my age, under the 'Recommended BMI scale', whatever that means. I also had both Attention Deficit Hyperactive Disorder, ADHD for short, and Dyslexia. I spoke with a slight British accent – though I've never left New England. I barely made a 'decent' score in almost any give class. I didn't even have a father for the sake of sanity. 'Lost at sea' my mom told me every-time. 'Left before you were born.' I love my mom, really, but I never believed her when she said that. But I never had the heart to ask any further because she'd get all misty eyed and stare off into the distance. "That still doesn't mean she can pick on you like that." I sighed. "It's not fair that the headmaster threatened me with detention if anything happened on this trip. Nancy should be getting detention for this." "Percy, I'm fine, really. It's just a sandwich." "You'll have food stuck in your hair all day." I gingerly picked a piece of white-brown-and-red goop out of his curls and wrinkled my nose. "Who even likes this combination?" Grover laughed and shrugged in response, another piece making its way into his hair. I was about to get up to punch Nancy in the face, when the bus screeched to a halt in front of the museum. The bus driver announced we had arrived, and that we all must calmly leave the bus. Nancy stuck her tongue out at me and got up, leaving in the crowd. Looking back on it, I wish I had decked her in her crooked teeth. It was much better than the mess I was about to get myself into. ȣ My Latin teacher, Mr. Brunner, led the tour. He didn't seem like much, at least for a guy in a wheelchair – thinning brown hair the shade of coffee beans, a thin brown jacket 3 shades lighter than his hair, white undershirt, a fedora that matched his brown eyes, all complete with an African tribal blanket over his legs. He had Middle-Eastern toned skin, much like a creamy mocha colour, and he looked around 45. He smelled like sweet cinnamon and hot chocolate, though I've never seen him around either of those things. He was a very strange man. You'd also wouldn't expect him to own a ton of Roman and Greek style weapons and armour hanging up in a classroom filled with trouble-makers. He was the only teacher I enjoyed. He had tournament days where he carried around this glowing bronze sword and said, "What Ho!" while he waved it around. It's rather silly, a man in a wheelchair the same length as his sword, but he was always so happy and content with it. He guided us through the maze of a museum, discussing each display in the Greek exhibit. It blew my mind that this stuff had lasted 2 thousand - 3 thousand years, just to be put in a Pine-Sol smelling museum. The orange and black pots, or what's left of them, collecting dust while the modern world learned little of its rich history. Gosh, am I really that depressing? Right now, Brunner was going on about the images on the grave marker, a stele , which typically told the stories of Greek myths. The stele was dedicated to a girl around our age who had died giving birth to a child. It was quite interesting to learn about, but I could barely hear what he was saying over the snickering crowd of fifty 12-to-13 year olds. Every time I snapped at them to 'shut up', I'd get a glare from the other chaperone and math teacher, Mrs. Dodds. Mrs. Dodds was a 50 year old widow from Georgia who looked mean enough to ride a Harley right into your locker. She wasn't tall, maybe 5 feet max, but her black eyes were those of a hungry wolf – devilish and ready to strike out at a moment's notice. She always had her thinning blonde hair in corn rows or in weaves, even though her scalp was littered with peeling white skin. She always wore black-hued, brown leather jackets and beige jeans (even when those two things do not match at all), and she had this tendency to call anyone in trouble, "Sweetheart". There were times I doubted she was even human. It all began at the beginning of the term, when our old teacher, Miss Reatherite, had a seizure and was forced into full time medical care. Mrs. Dodds was her newest replacement, and assumed Nancy was a pure angel whilst I was the spawn of Satan himself. She'd point a crooked, pale white finger at me and say "Now, Sweetheart," anytime I spoke in class, and I knew I was going to be up all night with detention. The worst I ever had was erasing answers written in workbooks by the thousands of other student who had previously used the books. I told Grover right then and there: "I don't think Mrs. Dodds is even human." "You're absolutely right," was his reply. Instead, I tried to listen to what Mr. Brunner was explaining, until Nancy snickered something about the naked guy on the stone, which was when my patience popped like a bubble. "Will you just shut up ?" That came out louder than I thought it would. Silence rained down thickly amongst the group and Mr. Brunner wheeled around to face us. "Is there something you'd like to say, Mr. Jackson?" I felt flushed, my cheeks probably bright red. "No sir." I grumbled. Mr. Brunner smiled softly. "Could you humour me by telling me what this picture is?" My heart fell. He gestured with his pen to a carving that was dead centre on the stele. I blinked, my mind filled with lottery-sounds. I actually knew what this one was "That's Kronos. The titan who ate his children." I stood up a little straighter. Mr. Brunner nodded. If he wasn't paralyzed from the waist down, he would probably of been tapping his foot in impatience for a longer answer. "And why did he eat his children?" I frowned and wracked my brain for the answer. "Well, he was king god-" "God?" I cursed myself silently, then corrected, "Titan, not god." Mr Brunner nodded in approval. "He was king titan, after overthrowing his father for the throne… His father told him that one day he would fall at the hands of his own children. Kronos became paranoid and ate his children to prevent this from happening. When his wife, Rhea, gave birth to baby Zeus, she gave Kronos a rock to eat instead. Zeus was, like, her 6th child and she wasn't too happy about her husband eating her children." Snickers had arisen in the group, but I was on a roll. "When Zeus grew up, he decided his father was ruling unfairly and that he should be overthrown. He fed Kronos a mixture of mustard and grape juice, which caused him to throw up-" "Ewwwww." The girls cringed and scooted away from me. "-the other 5 children in order from youngest to oldest. A big fight between the titans and gods erupted, the gods won and casted the titans to Tartarus. They sliced Kronos into a million pieces with his own weapon as punishment for the unfair judgement of his children." "Oh please, as if we'd ever need to know all that in real life." Nancy whispered to her friend. "No one's going to