Hi People of Earth Wiseone13 here with another story. The stories well have some similarities as the cartoon Sleeping Beauty. I was looking around and saw no one made a Sleeping beauty PJO and finished it and if you find some let me know. Also I got Maleficent and it was cool. Now bear with me I know my grammar isn't the best but I really want to do this so here it goes. Third Person Prologue Decades after the dark ages of Greece. The many kingdoms throughout the land were at peace with each other. Though, peace never lasted for long. The fates had foreseen a great enemy, with excessive power; a mere mortal would die before its first step into battle. The three wise women had created a prophecy, although she only gave them the first half. " A princess born from a curse shall bring peace to the land And a hero shall slay the beast that harms his hand." These two simple lines gave a great a burden to princesses and warriors throughout Greece. Year by year the kingdoms of Greece, began to think of the 'prophecy' as bedtime stories for children. Soon worry and fear for this new threat vanished. Our story begins in a beautiful kingdom called Olympia. The kingdom was known for victorious battles against enemies. Born on July 12th, the daughter of King Franklin and Queen Athena was born. The king and Queen named their child Annabeth. On the day she was born, the kingdom cheered at the sound of her name. It had been many years since a baby girl was born in the royal line. A year later, the king and Queen wanted to celebrate their child's first birthday. Also to insure their kingdoms safety, they invited King Poseidon and Queen Sally of Atlantis. To seal a deal between the two kingdoms they promised the hands of their children. Prince Perseus, the youngest child of King Poseidon, was only 3 years old about to walk in to an unknown kingdom where his adventure begins. The noble citizens who attended the party gave gifts to the princesses and danced around having a swell of a time. The laughter dialed down as the royal guards blew the horn and spoke, "I present to you the King and Queen of Atlantis". The doors opened and walking in were King Poseidon and Queen Sally with their child Perseus in Sally hands. The King and Queen of Olympia rose from their thrones and welcomed their guest. "Shall we," Poseidon said. The four walked to the front of the thrones. Athena raised her hand silencing the room "Now I am honor to introduce Queens Sally, King Poseidon and their youngest son Prince Perseus". The kingdom clapped for the royals of Atlantis. "I am happy to announce our new partner in trade with the kingdom Atlantis. However we need to seal the deal". King Fredrick looked at the child Perseus by his mother's side "When my daughter reaches the age 18. Peruses and Annabeth well unite us in holy matrimony". The people cheered for the prince and princess the future king and queen. Sally looked down at her son, with a smile she said, "Our gift to the new Princess is a golden charm bracelet". Sally handed the small black silk box to her son. Queen Athena guided the prince to where her daughter slept. At his first sight of his bride Perseus smiled, she had little blonde hair on her head, and her lips were bright red. Perseus jumped when Annabeth's gray eyes open. Grey met Green for the first time that day. Perseus liked her grey eyes and mumbled "pretty". Athena put Perseus down. He gave queen Athena a quick bow and ran back to his mother's arms. Three glowing lights entering the room, interrupting the kings next announcement. Everyone looked towards the King and Queen expected the king and queen to panic at the new arrivals. However that wasn't the case. Queen Athena smiled at the three lights in the room, knowing who they were. The three lights stopped in front of the thrones and created a flash of bright gold light. Behind the light was three young fairies. A young female in a beautiful white gown stood on the right side of the kingdom. Her hair is short chocolate brown in thin braided strands on the sides of her face. Her eyes changed like a kaleidoscope: to green to blue or to brown. She wore no makeup, her beauty was natural. Standing in the center of the kingdom was a male man with curly brown hair and brown eyes. He wore mischievous smile on his face. His attire was unique, a green v-shirt with brown jeans. Standing on the left was another young female. She had brown hair curly and long brown. Her skin was brown and her eyes were hazel gold. Looking into her eyes you saw the riches you desire. They all had little white wands and on their back were shinny little wings. "Hello Your Highness as you know I am Piper the charmer, of Fairies" the women on the right announced and bowed. "As you know I am Leo the user of elements, of the Fairies," the male said with his signature grin "And I am Hazel, collector of treasures for the fairies" the female on the left said and bowed as well. "We have come today to give gifts to the child as we did to you your majesty" Piper told Athena. Athena smiled "Of course this way". She rose from her throne and walked towards her daughter. They gathered around the crib admiring her beauty. "Oh she is so cute" Hazel said. Leo nodded "yeah she's cute remind me again why I had to come" Piper smacked his head, "Because Athena is our friend, and she needs all the support now than ever, so stop whining you know what to give her". The two nodded, "Good" Piper said, really excited "Let's do this". The three grabbed their wands backing form the crib. They faced the audience "We have come here today to give the young Princesses gifts that we'll be with her all her life", Hazel said. Piper went up to the crib to cast the first gift. " My gift to the child is the gift of beauty," Piper said loud enough for everyone in the crowd to hear. At the end of her wand pink mist spread around the baby making her giggle a little. "She will be loved by everyone in her reach even her voice will have beauty like the dove" and with her last word a white dove appeared over Annabeth's head then vanished. Piper bowed to the King and Queen and head back to Leo and Hazel. Who were arguing on who goes next? Piper rolled her eyes. She was going to drag Leo up but Hazel yelled, "Fine I'll go" she said a bit too loud. Everyone laughed which made Hazel blush as she walked to the baby. Hazel brought up her wand " My gift to the princess is the gift of wisdom" Hazel said it just as Piper did but, gold mist came out of the end of her wand around the child. Annabeth look amazed at the color admiring its beauty. "For she will always have a plan and the knowledge as the owl itself " Athena smiled at the gift her daughter was getting. The chase crest showed above the princess, a gold owl vanished at Hazel's last word. Hazel stepped back bowed to the king and queen and went to Piper and Leo. Leo steps up grinning like a mad man he cracks his knuckles "Get ready to be amazed". He earned a smack form Piper "Ow ok ok gee what got you all cranky". He rubbed his head, which really hurts. Athena and Frederick smiled at their old friends bickering. Leo stepped up to the child he brought up his wand. At the end of his wand fire blue lit. " My gift to the child is the gift of crou—" , but before he could finish a dark glowing light appeared at the front of the doors. A figure appeared in the black mist, it was a woman a little older then Queen Athena. She wore a black sleeveless gown that dragged behind her. She has her blonde hair pull back in a high ponytail, the ancient Greek style making her black eyes pop. She had golden skin just like Athena and on her shoulder was a small polecat. 'No it couldn't be' Athena thought, she raised form her throne with her husband at side. Poseidon and Sally pulled Perseus a few meters away. Leo, Hazel, and Piper stood around Annabeth's crib hoping she didn't come to harm the princess. Athena was full of fear on the person walking up towards her and her husband. The women kept walking and pitting her polecat. No one dare attack her knowing that it was suicide. When she smiled at Athena and eyed the direction of her daughter, Athena found the courage and anger to say "Hecate". Hecate smiled at Athena "Hello Athena How is my little sister". Athena tried to hold her anger she would not let her sister hurt her family and kingdom. "I see no sister of mine here now leave Hecate" Hecate laughed at her sisters attempt to get her out "I will" she said now walking in front of Athena "I never planned on coming back here, but when I found out about my nieces 1st birthday, I couldn't miss giving her a gift as will" she said with an evil smile. Frederick was now ticked she was not going to hurt his baby girl "No!" he said full of anger "Leave NOW! Hecate". Hecate laughed and put her polecat on the ground. "Oh Frederick always trying to be brave, I hope you're treating my little sister right" She gave him a wink. Frederick did not react to what she had said, but kept an eye on her. "Hecate please just go now, you have no business here" Athena said Hecate ignored her and started walking, smiled at Poseidon and Sally. Sally tighten her grip on her baby 'This witch won't hurt him' Poseidon thought angrily. Hecate saw the prince in Queen Sally's arms and smiled. "Aww this is the boy the fates declare a hero" She looked at the crib where Annabeth was sleeping. "I see" Hecate said "A marriage Oh how cute". Hecate waved her hand and green mist appeared in her hand going to Perseus. The prince was frightened at the green mist coming towards him he hugged his mother's leg. "Hecate" Athena said full of fear for the young Prince. Poseidon was to slow to react, the green mist touched Perseus. He grew pale and motionless and fell asleep. Sally yelled as her son clasp on the floor. "Oh Poseidon don't worry he's just sleeping" Hecate said grinning "Perseus Jackson don't worry we'll meet again and what I will do to your soon to be wife won't be bad compared on what is in store for you" and with that threat Hecate started to walk to her nieces. "Hecate Please I know you are mad at me but Please" Athena said so close to breaking into tears "Don't do this to Annabeth she has done nothing". She laughed at Athena's plead. "Come any farther Hecate and you'll have the fight of your life" Leo said full of rage and sadness. He had hoped to see guilt in her eyes, but just he saw was darkness. "Leo, Piper, Hazel my old friends how are you doing" Hecate said looking at Leo. He couldn't look at her again it hurt too much. "Leave Hecate" Piper said using her power over her. "Silly friend you can't charm me" and with a wave of Hecate's hand the three flew to the