I always planned to have a bit of romance in this fic, but it feels like cheating if I give the pairing away. I like to keep you all guessing. So, I just got a guest review saying that I stole this work from OpalVampire. Let me clear things up to say that I am OpalVampire. I had that username back when I was thirteen and loved vampires. I don't anymore and in fact am quite sick of vampires. So I finally decided to change my username to one that still contained Opal but got rid of the vampire. Hopefully whoever thinks that I'm stealing won't try to report me because this is indeed my creation . OctoberOpal is OpalVampire. One and the same. ~~**I**~~ Light Before Darkness In the Shire, oddities were not common. But when they came, they were never forgotten. When young Bilbo Baggins left Bag End and disappeared for a year, that was an oddity. When he returned with heaps of gold - though that was little more than a rumor, it was just a small chest - hidden in Bag End, that was an oddity. When dwarves came along around tea time at Bag End, that was an oddity as well. And the wizard, Gandalf, still showed up from time to time. He was an odd one, as most older folk of the Shire believed. Another oddity was when Gandalf began to bring a little girl around Bag End. She was about nine years of age and just over the height of a full grown hobbit. Her hair was red sprinkled with golden honey tones and she had a sweet, pretty face. She'd ridden in a cart next to the wizard and gazed in slight wonder at the little hobbits. Many of the hobbits thought that the young girl was Gandalf's daughter, even though they looked next to nothing alike. They didn't know whether this girl would be the same oddity in which the wizard was, or not. When the two of them first came to the Shire, the first thing to go out the window was her name. It wasn't so hard to pronounce, but the hobbits just seemed to have a bit of trouble remembering the full of it. Bilbo was perfectly able, but when it came to introducing her throughout Hobbiton, that's where the trouble began. She'd been strolling along with Bilbo in the marketplace. Bilbo was getting some fish for dinner and now had a little rascal to watch over. Gandalf was still at Bag End smoking his pipeweed outside. He wanted a bit of relaxation from his journey while the girl was eager to see a new place. Bilbo had began introducing the young girl to the hobbits. "This is Elaniel," he introduced her to old Ruby Bramble. Had the last of her dark hair finally gone grey? It seemed so. "And this is Ruby Bramble, Elaniel." Young Elaniel gave a little curtsy in her pale yellow sundress. Small boots could been seen from where her skirts fell just above her ankles. "Pleasure to meet you, Ruby Bramble," she greeted the elderly hobbit lady. "How do you do, Elanel?" Ruby Bramble stumbled over the young girl's name. "Elaniel," Bilbo corrected. Perhaps her hearing was getting bad. "Yes, Elanel," Ruby nodded. Ruby was one of the few to get the girl's name wrong, but the others began to simply forget it. Elaniel and Gandalf had been staying in Bag End for a few days and already Bilbo or Elaniel had to patiently tell the hobbits her name again. It wasn't until the end of the first week that Bilbo came up with a solution. "My dear hobbits," Bilbo would say, "this is Ella." That was much easier for the hobbits to remember. All around everyone became familiar with the name Ella immediately and its association with the young girl who was Gandalf's daughter. The hobbits simply began to refer to her by that as she never came to the Shire without the wizard. Ella was endeared in the Shire a bit more than Gandalf was. She would chase the little hobbit children through the streets and fields, spinning them in the air as she caught them and grinning madly as the little ones shrieked in excitement. She also had a flare for magic like the wizard and showed plenty of little tricks to the hobbitfolk. It was a lot like the wizard's fireworks in fact, which again was why the hobbits were so keen in believing Ella was Gandalf's daughter. With several hobbits gathered around her, Ella would cup her hands in front of her as if concealing some great secret. Slowly opening up her hands, fire would shoot from her hands in the shapes of birds and they would fly around in graceful arcs until they shot up to the sky in a shower of sparks. A different time, she would light a fireball in her hand the size of an apple - the hobbits always amazed that she didn't burn herself - and tossed it back and forth until she created another one and passed them from hand to hand. She added another fireball and another and another until she had five fireballs and juggled them. As for Ella, no matter how dark the outside world could get, there was always happiness to be found within the Shire. It was to be a party of special magnificence. The one hundred and eleventh birthday of Bilbo Baggins. Unlike his last few birthdays, which were rather quiet affairs, this one would include most the Shire - if not all and it would include fireworks the likes of which the hobbits have not seen in decades. Gandalf had outdone himself this time. Especially on the last one. Oh, Elaniel couldn't wait to see it. The two of them sat in a horse-drawn wagon, so much like the time Elaniel had first come to the Shire. That had been the day. Just at the passing of summer, though it still seemed to cling to the season in the Shire. The leaves were still green and attatched to the trees and the grass was lush. It had been such a comfort to Elaniel at the time to be in such a quaint and happy place. Gandalf had been right to bring her here year after year in her youth. Those happy memories were always something nice to cling to in dark times. The two rode slowly along the path, singing lightly. " The Road goes ever on and on. Down from the door where it began. " They were just passing the Eastfarthing woods. " Now far ahead the Road has gone, and I must follow if I can. " "You're late." Gandalf stopped the cart and Elaniel gave him a sideways glance, a small twinkle in her eye. "A wizard is never late, Frodo Baggins," Gandalf said. "Nor is he early. He arrives precisely when he means to." But Frodo Baggins stared them down, hard and unblinking for several moments until a grin began to spread across his face and the three of them burst into small fits of laughter. Then Frodo leaped into their cart, landing an embrace on both of them. Carefully, they squeezed into the cart, Frodo between Gandalf and Elaniel, and continued on. "You didn't think we'd miss this day, did you?" Gandalf asked. From the other side, Elaniel wrapped an arm around Frodo and gave him a side hug. His first one had pretty much been flopped over her with the hobbit's arms around Gandalf's neck. Not the best execution. "I see you're doing well," Gandalf added. "But how is the old rascal? I hear it's going to be a party of special magnificence." "You know Bilbo," Frodo chuckled. "He's got half the place in an uproar." That sounded like Bilbo. One day he's a hermit, and others he's the social gossip of the town. The first day Elaniel arrived in the Shire, he'd gone around Hobbiton and introduced her to half the town. Just as they'd forgotten her name, she'd forgotten half of theirs. The next couple days Elaniel had been sitting on the porch or in front of the hearth and listening to Bilbo's grand adventure. Then there was a good dinner party with about ten hobbits among Bilbo, Ella, and Gandalf the next week. And as the two of them left the Shire after three weeks, Bilbo was back to being a hermit. He was odd like that. Gandalf seemed to find it amusing too. "Well, that should please him." "Half the Shire's been invited," Frodo told them. That seemed about right. "The rest of them are turning up anyway." Even more so. The three of them shared a good laugh about that. No doubt that was the situation for the Sackville-Bagginses. Hobbits could be seen off the road, tending to fields covered in yellow wild flowers still left over from the summer. Elaniel could see the town across the river and they rolled over the bridge and made their way. Children were running through the streets chasing chickens, while parents made busy at the market square. Green hills spread about a mile with spots of ponies and cows, goats and sheep, as well as fields full of harvest. Yes, it was going to be a fine day. And an even better night. Several hobbits waved as the cart passed by, calling out to Gandalf and Elaniel - of course, calling her Ella. Bilbo's little nickname. She was always amused at the situation of her name. Sometimes she wondered that if she were to ask around for what her full name was, the hobbitfolk would state, "Why, Ella, of course." It had been more amusing than annoying in the beginning. Elaniel was bad at remembering names as well. When you meet more than fifty people in one day, names begin to go in one ear and fall out the other. Still, things were unchanging in the Shire. The little holes in the ground where hobbits made their homes, the ales they brewed, food they made, the pipeweed they smoked - Gandalf had just lit his pipe and smoked as well - it was all the same. And it would always be beautiful. "To tell you the truth," Frodo said after a few moments of silence. "Bilbo's been a bit odd lately." Elaniel quirked an eyebrow. A bit odd? Bilbo? Really? Gandalf seemed to think the same as he sent an amused glance over Frodo's head. Frodo did as well. "Well, more than usual," he added. "How so?" Elaniel asked. "He's taken to locking himself up in his study," Frodo explained. "He spends hours and hours pouring over old maps when he thinks I'm not looking. He's up to something." Gandalf hummed slightly, smoke whisping out of his mouth and a considering look in his eye. Did he know something? But when Frodo looked his way, he faced front again, nonchalant. Frodo scoffed bemusedly. "Fine then. Keep your secrets." Gandalf blustered slightly, feeling accused. Elaniel shook her head, smiling. Of course he would have something to do with something, or at least know about it. "But I know you have something to do with it." "Good gracious me..." Gandalf muttered. "Before you came along, we Bagginses were well thought of," Frodo said. "Never went on any adventures or did anything unexpected." "You have to admit, Gandalf," Elaniel added. "You bring trouble wherever you go." "Don't you go accusing me of bringing trouble, Elaniel," Gandalf chided. "You bring far more of it than I do, especially with that tongue of yours." Elaniel stuck out her tongue to him in a light-mannered way. "Maybe the hobbits are right and I am your daughter. In spirit, anyway," she said. "You have no need for my reputation, my dear. You make a good enough one on your own," Gandalf told her. "Besides Frodo, if you're referring to the incident with