Hello and thank you for reading. This is something I wrote with three facts in mind: 1) I need practice writing multiple POVs, 2) I won't get any better without feedback of some sort, and 3) this was an idea with no real plot so I could do whatever with it. So, just keep in mind this was written for practice, so it's pretty rough. And incomplete. I meant to finish, but I short-circuited...so this will be like a drabble where I add things as they come to mind. There are dates to inform you when I wrote something out of chronological order. I've never written any of these people before, by the way, so OOC, I guess. Also, I come up with completely random (and unnecessary) ideas...you will definitely see some. Weird things come to mind when I'm bored. Almost forgot to mention this, but I removed around half of what I wrote under Nov. 1st, so there is a bit of a leap in events I'm not sure if I should clarify. Enjoy! And maybe review! (I know there's a lot of mistakes.) {PROPHECY} The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches...Born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the third month dies...And the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not...The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches, born as the third month dies... {SACRIFICE} November 1st, 1981, St. Mungo's Hospital, Private Ward Tears burned in Lily Potter's emerald green eyes as she stared down at her two babies, one sleeping soundly in her arms and the other cocooned within a magical infant care unit. After fighting for four years, hunted and hidden away for two of those, the Second Wizarding War had finally ended. While all other inhabitants of the hospital celebrated and cheered for its end, Lily cried silently for the cost - in lament and relief. She had been able to save her baby, but only at the concession of her soul mate and husband, James. Voldemort was finally dead, but now she wasn't sure what to do in this time of reprieve. When she and James had learned of the prophecy, she had combed through the Potter's ancestral home library and found the most powerful blood wards that guaranteed protection simply for the price of a single life given. Being far better at the charms and ancient runic denotations required to set up the ward, Lily had originally intended to be the sacrifice, but when she attempted to activate them, she nearly lost the baby she didn't know she had. Because of this, she was forced to transfer the ward over to James while she went to St. Mungo's. She had hoped they would never need to use the ward, it was mere insurance that, while draining to the sacrifice and surroundings, could remain dormant for a lifetime and be activated at any time, but they did. And she was left to care for James' and her children, Charlus and Harry, who would now have to live a difficult life with no father and their own individual complications. Lily had felt the exact moment the blood wards were activated. She had known the exact instant her husband's magical core was willingly given to Magic herself in order to eradicate the Dark Lord and disperse the remaining miasma of magic after death. Her heart had broken, but she knew she had to remain strong for her remaining family, especially when her baby Charlus was now being accredited with the defeat of Voldemort. The Boy Who Lived, they called him. Lily had wanted to obliviate the title from existence immediately when she heard it. Not only was it spreading through the entirety of Magical Britain, and no doubt neighboring countries, but the person who started the unnecessary and unwarranted title was Albus Dumbledore himself. Her old headmaster was a kind and wise man, far more powerful and benevolent than most, but he acted without consulting others far too often and without consideration for those his actions concerned. The old wizard had mistaken the rune she'd drawn on Charlus's forehead as a link to the ritual for the mark stated in the prophecy, which was partially understandable since the ward had carved it into his skin as it took affect and absorbed ambient Dark magic. She suspected there may be more to that, but that did not give Dumbledore the choice to tell the entire world Voldemort was defeated by Charlus. She would never tell him the truth however. He had been lenient during the war with the Grey and borderline Dark spells they used to incapacitate their enemies, but he would never accept the blood ward they purposefully erected, regardless of the results. While not wholly biased towards the Dark, he would attempt her to persuade her to let go of the magic now that the war had ended. Even if she did give up the magic she learned, he would still keep an eye on her, just in case she ever fell for the temptress Dark magic was. How he'd even gotten ahold of Charlus was a question that went unanswered. All the normal wards around the cottage in Godric's Hollow hadn't fallen even when the structure had, and as Dumbledore hadn't been keyed to any, he should not have been able to go inside and get Charlus. Only Sirius, Remus, and Peter were, since they were also the only ones allowed in when they'd locked down, but like she and James, they weren't blindly devoted to Dumbledore. Had one of them given Charlus to Dumbledore despite that? But nothing short of life-threatening would cause any of the 'Marauders' to go against their mutual distrust. Had something happened to one them? None of them had contacted her despite all three knowing she had remained in St. Mungo's since Harry's birth three months before. The ward she was in was under heavy protections meant to keep high status or at risk patients away from prying eyes, but they wouldn't have much trouble reaching her since they were listed as trusted contacts. The fact that none of them had come immediately after the news of Voldemort's demise had become common knowledge was worrying. She knew for certain that Sirius would only need a single moment to hear of his best friend's, practically his brother's death to race to his godsons. Yet none of them had. Something else was happening. She looked to the burning fireplace in her room thoughtfully. The Floo was open just in case she wanted to call the cottage in Godric's Hollow or anyone else. Perhaps her best friend Alice would know what was going on. {TRIALS} November 2nd, 1981, Ministry of Magic, Courtroom 1 "Sirius Black is hereby found innocent in the case of betraying the Potter's as their Secret Keeper and mirder of twelve Muggles civilians. He is however charged a fine of two hundred galleons for the endangerment of exposure of magic. So shall it be. Release him! This case is dismissed." Lily stood from her seat as the magically binding chains fell limply from her friend's body and he launched forward to her. "I'm so sorry, Lily! James died because of me," Sirius Black sobbed, hugging the wife of his best friend desperately. "And I couldn't even kill that traitorous rat!" "It's okay. Come, let's sit, Sirius. There are more trials to go," Lily said gently, leading him to where she was seated amongst the Wizengamot. After contacting her friend Alice Longbottom and learning what happened between Sirius and Peter, she had claimed the empty seat left for a Potter scion, a right she received when she became dowager to the Potter House at James' death. It was the only way she could be allowed to attend the trial. Normally, it would have been impossible for a Muggleborn, but she had the endorsement of Augustus Longbottom and unexpected support from Arcturus Black, the current Lord Black. The former was to be expected since she was the mother of one of her closest friends and an ally to the Potter family, but for Arcturus to involve himself despite Sirius being disowned was shocking. Sirius had been the most shocked in the room when his grandfather had stood up to allow him a trial and later permitted the use of Veritaserum. He had been abandoned by all but his uncle when he ran away at fifteen, after all. Lily couldn't blame him for the skepticism he held as they took their place between Arcturus and Augustus, he closer to his relative. Arcturus wore a severe expression on his aged, deathly pale features. "Such displays shall wait for when we are in private," he said sternly. "I expect better of you, Sirius, from here on." Sirius visibly bristled at his words but didn't make a biting remark as Lily placed a calming hand on his shoulder, silently reminding him with a look where they were. He grimaced and settled down reluctantly. "Of course, honourable Grandfather," he murmured sarcastically in acquiescence. Lily knew better than to expect more and remained peripherally focused on the next trials of the day - Sewayn, Wareroot, Harbein, Worple, etcetera - people used as fodder to boost numbers. Most of her mind was on the trials of what was obviously Voldemort's inner circle and more valued Death Eaters that had occured right before Sirius'. Almost none of them had been sentenced to little more than a substantial fee and a demand for their services without charge. She was disgusted but unsurprised by the claims of being under the Imperius Curse, compulsions, or threat to join. Some were probably true, but many - i.e. Malfoy, Parkinson, Goyle, Avery, the first of whom she personally met wands with during the war - were far from forced. And then there was Severus. How he was detained despite his unmatched ability to disappear whenever he wanted to and his far from sub-par dueling abilities was a mystery to her. That was, until Dumbledore, Chief Warlock and one of the highest figures in the trial, stood up and defended him, claiming he had been his spy and pivotal in many decisive battles. In other words, he lied. He lied for Severus whom likely had never attempted to aid the Light - as far as she knew; he was thoroughly Dark, and there was little that could urge him to he suddenly seek a change in affiliation - but did not even stand in protest for Sirius. Even if he hadn't been aware they'd switched the Secret Keeper from Sirius to Peter, he shouldn't have remained so silent. Dumbledore had seemed to have thought the same since he was so shocked and regretful when the truth came out though, so she didn't entirely grudge him. She was overall happy that her old childhood friend was finally free from Voldemort. She'd lost him to the Dark Lord when they were teenagers and she hadn't seen anything more than dubious glimpses of him during the war. She was surprised to see he hadn't changed much more than he had from the Severus she used to know. When he had spotted her during his trial, she had seen the familiar concern and relief that flashed across his face before a mask of calculated blankness covered it and he looked away. More mature and observant than she was before taking part in the war, she had the feeling she might not have entirely lost him when she ended their friendship like she thought she had. Maybe they could put everything that happened behind them one day and mend their friendship. The most publicized trials, however, was among those who were unable to escape imprisonment. Specifically, the trials of Bartemius Crouch Jr. and the Lestranges, who had all participated in the attempted murder of the Longbottoms. She was a bit torn