The P.K. and the Punk Health and Biology were Will's favorite classes, he discovered at an early age. He was 8 years old by the time he began watching the Health and Fitness channel, admiring the doctors on screen. Once when he was playing on the monkey bars in the third grade, he had fallen and earned a broken ankle. He had to be carried to the school nurse, his hands scraped and his face was a mess of tears. The nurse had kept him calm and stayed with him until the ambulance arrived, cooing sweet phrases of comfort. Will could've sworn he saw a white glowing gas around her head, and had the impression she was an angel. Once he was old enough, he wrote it off as a hallucination. It was because of her he came to a firm conclusion that he wanted to become a doctor. For now, however, he must make it through senior year and refrain from attacking the new kid in the least saintly way possible. Nico Di Angelo transferred to small town Delphi from Italy. He arrived in all his spunky and obnoxious glory, taking the reserved town by storm. No one was sure why he came here of all places, because who ever heard of Delphi? On his third day of being at residence, rumors began to spread. Some were reasonable guesses and others were outrageously unbelievable. ' I heard his father is a mafia boss' and ' he's so bad, the country kicked him out.' The most asinine of all was ' he was sent by the devil himself to wreck the town and seduce the women.' Will doubted Nico was a demon, but he did get irritated with him. Currently, Will sat behind the new kid in class, trying to focus on the Health teacher. For this unit, everyone had to learn about home situations and early child development, which Will was eager to learn about. Despite that eager anticipation, he couldn't focus, he couldn't wrap his mind around the material. His eyes kept drifting to the 17 year old in front of him. Even now, Nico was grating on Will's nerves. The foreigner was leaning back in his chair, arm slung across the back nonchalantly. He had an air about him, a mood that said he couldn't care less. His GPA was at stake, his scholarship even. Will was certain Nico didn't care about his future from the way he picked at his nails and doodled in his notebook. His dark clothing was a stain, obscuring the picture of classroom perfection. No one dressed the way he did. Will scrutinized Nico's clothing, eyes traveling from the aviator jacket, to his too tight skinny jeans, to the combat boots scuffing the tile. What really promotes the demon conspiracy was the amount of death symbols the Italian accessorized himself with. A skull ring could always be found adorning his slender right hand. He often wore skeleton themed t-shirts and his common color scheme was almost always black. To a town built on Christian faith, he looked as though he was constantly mourning or summoning evil spirits, possibly both. Will knew he shouldn't care whether or not Nico became successful, but he did. The blond then decided to do something about it. Will ripped a piece of paper from his notebook and began scrawling Pay Attention To The Teacher in neat handwriting. When the teacher had her back to the class, he tossed the crumpled paper onto the boy's desk. Nico jerked to attention, startled from the paper's sudden appearance. A couple kids tossed Will odd glances, wondering what he wanted from the school's notorious bad boy. Of course, Will didn't notice. He was too enveloped with trying to get the boy's attention. Discreetly and quietly, Nico unraveled the paper under his desk. Will couldn't see his expression, but he assumed it was something akin to apathy or annoyance. Nico took a moment to search for his pencil before scrawling something short. The boy crumpled the paper before tossing it onto Will's desk over his shoulder. Curiously, the blond unraveled the paper. To his horror, Nico hadn't used words. Instead, the boy had drawn a lewd image that virtually anyone from every nationality could understand. Will burned in embarrassment, quickly stuffing the paper in his hoodie pocket before anyone could see by some off chance. Will glared holes into the back of Nico's head, officially becoming pissed. Will was too distracted, but had heard the teacher say his name at the end of a sentence. He looked up, startled. "Would you repeat that please?" He asked, sitting up attentively. The older woman glanced up from the clipboard she was reading off of. Clearing her throat, she pushed her thick glasses up her nose. "For this project, a boy and girl must play the role as parents. Each pairing will be given a doll, which both designated parents will care for. I apologize for the unorthodox pairing, but there was an uneven ratio between girls and boys. You and Nico Di Angelo will be paired, but one of you must decide who the mother must be." She said. "Why?" Nico spoke, catching the teacher off guard. "Why what?" She asked, perplexed. "Why does one of us have to be the mother?" Nico clarified, his accent thick. "Because two men cannot produce children." She explained simply. "Can't we just pretend we adopted?" The Italian pressed. "No, because that sort of relationship is not school appropriate." The teacher was curt, an edge of warning in her voice. "You mean you're homophobic." Nico corrected her. The whole class held their breath. No one brought up these sorts of things in school, much less talk back to the teacher. "As men, we will become fathers, not mothers. I would prefer you to train us as such." The teacher's face turned pink, her ears burning and her stance rigid. She looked as though she was about to burst, but Will quickly intervened. "I'll be the mother. Really, it's no issue." He cut through the tension. The teacher stood in place for a solid few moments, debating on what she should do or say, if it was even worth sending her student to the principal's office. "Thank you, Will. There's a bin of dolls on my desk, please choose one and sit with your partner." She said, articulating her words choppily. Surprisingly, Nico was off the hook. She began reading off more names to be partnered as the blond made his way to the bin. He took the first doll he saw and held it to himself as though it were a breathing sentient being. He walked briskly towards his desk so that he could push it next to Nico's. Awkwardly, he avoids eye contact with the other. "These dolls have timers in them, so they'll cry after random time frames. The only way you get them to stop is to bounce them lightly or feed them with the bottles I'm passing out now. For two weeks, you and your spouse will take turns taking home the baby. You will both have to come up with a name for it and treat as though it were real, do you understand?" She said, placing a milk bottle especially forcefully in front of Nico. In return, she received a collective 'yes ma'am's from the classroom. "Needless to say, if you return your child in a less than perfect condition, your score will drop." She concluded, resting her hands on her hips. Then, the bell rang signaling the end of class. Before Will could say anything, Nico was up and out of the classroom. Will fumbled around with his backpack, trying to collect his things and catch up with his partner without dropping his doll- um, child. Will had items practically toppling out of his bag because he couldn't bother to zip it closed. His partner was moving way too fast for him. "Nico!" Will called at the boy's back. He was certain he dropped a notebook or two while struggling through the throng of students brushing past him. Unsurprisingly, Nico only seemed to pick up his speed. Will followed him until they were at the top of the school steps, then he decided to call for the Italian one last time. "Nico Di Angelo you are NOT walking out on this family. Turn your skinny jean butt around this instant!" The boy in black paused, as if contemplating facing his partner or just keep walking. He jammed his fists into his jacket pockets before turning around with a smirk playing his lips. "So you admit to looking at my ass?" He was only a foot away from Will's face now, his lips upturned in a smirk. Will's breathing constricted, the other boy invading his personal space bubble. "What- no, that's not the point." The blond said, becoming flustered. "We should actually plan things out, you know, get things organized. We haven't even named the doll yet." The raven haired boy raised an eyebrow. "It's just a doll, there's not much to it. I'm sure you can handle that much by yourself." He looked down at the smaller boy, a frown tugging at his lips slightly. "I don't care if you don't want to participate, you will earn the grade we get." Will tried to level his voice so the other could understand the seriousness of the situation. "I have a proposition for you, Solace. How about you take care of our sweet little angel, tidy up the house, and put up that white picket fence. Meanwhile, I go on a two week business trip. Does that sound good to you sweetheart?" Will clenched his jaw, his rising blood pressure practically palpable. What Nico proposed was all too familiar, hitting close to home. "No, that doesn't sound good to me at all, babe ," Will spat, "We're in this together, like it or not. So you better take a two week vacation from work or else I'll strap you to the bed because I will not be abandoned again." Will seethed, staring the boy down despite the Italian being significantly taller. Nico had actually stepped down a step or two in amazement, making the blond taller for once. "Strap me down to the bed? I didn't take you for the type, William." Nico teased. "You're avoiding the subject." Will deadpanned. "Alright, I'll help with the whole parenting thing," Nico conceded, "but on one condition." The raven haired boy grinned maliciously, throwing the blond off for a moment. Will was adamant to not let his partner slip out of his grasp. For the first several months of school, he had to watch Nico act as though he was above the lessons, as though he was "too cool for school" and it was the most irritating act of rebellion Will had to witness. He was not going to let the other boy slither out of this one. "What is it?" He asked, wary of the others' conditions. "Treat me as though I'm your legitimate husband. That means date nights and kisses." The Italian said in all seriousness, his teasing demeanor dropped. Will's jaw unhinged, rendering him speechless. The other boy looked away, shifting his weight from one foot to the other in uncomfortable silence. Regardless, he still managed to pull off the apathetic facade. For Will, his brain functioned like a pending webpage. Metaphorically speaking, he was slower than Internet Explorer on a good day. Nico, having had enough of the lack of conversation, began to walk away, but was jerked back by a hand clasping his shoulder. "I agree to your terms." Will said, words tumbling out before he could process them. Was he going to risk an eternity of Hell just to pass a class? Apparently the answer is yes. A look of surprise flickered across Nico's eyes before he eased back into his cocky conduct. "But this will stay a secret