wow, long time no speak everyone! i decided to write this after the overwhelming support i received from Percy Jackson, The Olympian and am quite pleased with how it turned out. because i don't really frequent much anymore, please check out my profile for some forwarding addresses :) cheers! Nico first meets Percy on a Thursday afternoon. It's raining, even though it's the middle of summer, and the Starbucks is overflowing with people and Nico thinks he's had enough angry customers to last him the rest of the week when he locks eyes with the boy across the counter. He's cute, with sea green eyes and dark, dark hair, and Nico can tell he's not the only person who's noticed. Behind the boy there is a girl who is not-so-subtly trying to get his attention. "Um, grande toffee mocha with skim milk and light whipped cream for Percy," Nico calls out, placing the drink on the counter. He's already turning towards the espresso machine again when he hears the boy with the bright green eyes say, "Thank-you." Nico turns around again and gets a smile for his efforts, but then the boy is jostled out of the way by someone else picking up a drink from Nico's co-worker Piper and Nico is plunged back into the craziness that is his job. xx Nico's not exactly sure how he stays afloat in New York City. Sure, he works full-time at the Starbucks and doesn't go to school, but it doesn't make the rent cost less or his need to eat diminish. He's also pretty sure Piper and her boyfriend Jason help him out quite a bit financially but they never say anything so Nico never asks. The longer he can make this arrangement work, the better. Which doesn't appear to be very long. "I think we need another person for the rent," Piper says, settling down at the kitchen table across from where Nico is playing a game of solitaire with the deck of cards from the drawer beside the fridge. "Yeah?" he asks, arching an eyebrow at her as he flips over another card. "Yeah," Piper echoes. "I talked to Jason about it and he agrees." "We only have two bedrooms," Nico points out diplomatically, setting down the draw pile and staring Piper down across the table. She's so clearly in charge of their home even though Jason is pretty much the most leader-like person Nico's ever met and he hates how persuasive she is sometimes. "Well," Piper begins, twisting a strand of her ever-changing hair between her fingers. Today it is the colour of the coffee they pour for people at Starbucks, but Nico suspects next week it will be a different style and colour. "We were thinking maybe you could sleep on the pull-out bed? We'll put an extra set of drawers in our bedroom for your clothes and you can share the bathroom with the other tenant." "Right, okay," Nico says, dubious. "Look, Nico, Jason and I didn't want to tell you but-" "I know, it's fair considering I pay less rent than you guys," Nico says, picking up the draw pile again and flipping cards. "It's fine. Don't worry about it. Just give me a few days' notice if you find someone." He knows Piper is looking at him with mixed emotions running across her face, but he doesn't care. It was a long time coming, but Nico always knew his past would catch up with him. If sleeping on the couch means that he can stave off that meeting a little longer, that's fine with him. "Okay," is all Piper says before she gets up and disappears into her and Jason's bedroom. xx Nico is opening the store the next time Percy comes in. "What can I grab you?" Nico asks, his hand hovering over the different cups. "A grande toffee mocha with skim milk and extra whipped cream, please," Percy replies. He's got a huge backpack slung across his shoulders and he's trying to fish in his pockets for money and read something on his iPhone at the same time. "Sure, that'll be four twenty-five," Nico says, scribbling the order onto the cup and then punching it into the computer. Percy finally pulls a crumpled five dollar bill from his pocket and tosses it at Nico. "Keep the change," he says with a smile, his green eyes flashing in the lights overhead and Nico has to roll his eyes in order to keep himself from doing something stupid. Like swooning. "Thanks," he says, popping open the till and dropping the change in their tip jar. "Have a great day." "Thanks, man," Percy replies as his drink slides across the counter from Nico's co-worker. "You too." xx "I think we have a new regular," Nico overhears Piper say to Jason when he gets home from a wander around their neighbourhood. "Yeah?" Jason asks. He's sitting at the kitchen table when Nico kicks off his shoes and walks in. There are books everywhere and Nico's eyes scan the textbook covers and flashcards that Jason's spread out. Apparently pre-law is very stressful. "His name is Percy. He comes in pretty often," Piper says. She's got her back turned to Nico while she stands at the stove so she misses the way Nico's body spasms with … something at the mention of Percy's name. "Have you weaseled all his personal information out of him yet?" Jason asks absently. "Like how you manage to do with all your other regulars?" "No," Piper says, placing her spoon on the spoon rest and turning around, her hands on her hips. "He's unusually tight lipped. Have you met him, Nico?" It takes a moment for Nico's brain to catch up with the question. "Um, Percy?" he asks. "Yeah, twice." Piper nods, as if Nico's said something profound and interesting. "He's been in a few times while I've been at work too. Hasn't mentioned anything about himself." "Not all people are as friendly as Jason was," Nico points out. Jason and Piper met at the Starbucks and eventually Piper had written her number on his cup and told him to call her. Two years later and now they live in a cozy little Manhattan apartment. With Nico. "Yeah, well, I'm determined to learn about this boy," Piper says. "No one can resist my charm for that long." "Amen to that," Jason says and Nico smiles faintly. xx The next time Percy comes into Starbucks it is a Saturday and Nico and Piper are both working. "Oh my gosh, there he is!" Piper whispers furiously, pouring someone's frappacuino into a cup. Nico glances up from the coffee he's crafting and spots Percy in the lineup of people. His hair looks windswept and he's thumbing at something on his iPhone again, but Nico thinks he still looks pretty great, which is unfair. "Calm down," he says to Piper, wishing his heart could listen to his advice. He tells himself it's the espresso he drank earlier, but Nico suspects it's something else. "I need to be on cash like, yesterday," Piper says, elbowing her way through the other baristas to get to the front. Nico watches her charm Leo into switching positions with her before turning back to his drink orders. "Hey again," a voice says when Nico turns from the blenders to the espresso machines. Percy is glancing at Nico over the top of the counter, smiling in what Nico thinks is a bit of a shy manner. "Hey," Nico replies, dumping the contents of a steamer into a cup and sliding it across the counter, calling, "One white chocolate mocha for Rachel." One of their regulars bobs in between Percy and someone else to grab her drink. She waves at Nico before taking off, leaving Nico with just Percy again while the other customers fiddle with their phones. "You work a lot of hours," Percy points out. "You're literally always here when I am." Nico shrugs. "Gotta make a living," he says, fiddling with a new drink order. Percy nods absently, shifting his backpack on his shoulders. "I'm Percy, by the way." Nico pushes the grande toffee mocha with skim milk and no whipped cream towards Percy pointedly. "I know," he says with a smirk. "I'm Nico." Percy grabs the drink and plucks a lid out of the holders, snapping it into place. He nods at the name tag pinned to Nico's apron and says, "I know," with a smirk of his own before he turns around and heads out the door. Nico thinks that maybe he could get used to seeing Percy around. xx "We're interviewing potential housemates this afternoon," Jason announces when Nico walks through the door with three coffees from the shop down the street. "Um, okay?" Nico replies. He hands out the coffees and watches the changing expressions shift across his friends' faces. "We'll pick up a set of drawers for you tomorrow and you can start moving stuff around and we'll make sure you're totally comfortable before the other tenant moves in," Piper affirms, glancing over the notepad on her lap. "Okay," Nico says again, sinking down onto the end of the couch – his future bed, he reminds himself. "Should I, like, be here then this afternoon?" Piper shoots him a frown. "Of course!" "Dude, you live here too," Jason points out. "You get a say in who else we bring into this tiny little apartment." Nico can't blame Piper and Jason for wanting someone else to pay their ridiculously high rent, but Jason wasn't kidding when he said the apartment was tiny. Their kitchen is hard enough to navigate as it is; Nico can't imagine having to manoeuvre around a third person too. Nico chances a glance over at Piper and Jason again and frowns. He knows he's a burden on them but he can't go home and his half-sister Hazel lives out in Vancouver now with a boy Nico's met once, and Bianca's gone … Nico shakes his head. If staying with Piper and Jason means sleeping on the pullout bed, Nico doesn't really mind. He's had worse places to sleep. "Just tell me when I need to be here," he says absently before scooping up the remote from its spot on the coffee table and flicking on the Discovery Channel. xx Naturally, because fate hates Nico or something, their new roommate ends up being the very last person they interview. "Hi, I'm Annabeth," the girl says. Nico thinks she looks older than him and his friends, judging by the way her blazer actually fits in all the right places and her long blonde hair is tied up in a sophisticated knot that suggests she has a better paying job than a Starbucks barista. "Nice to meet you," Piper says with an astonishing amount of enthusiasm considering all the deadbeats that had come in before this girl. "I'm Piper and this is my boyfriend Jason and our friend and other roommate, Nico." Annabeth nods at each of them in turn before sitting down on the kitchen chair stationed opposite the couch. Her grey eyes scan them each, careful and calculating, which makes Nico shiver a little. Selfishly, he hopes that she'll be a bust just like the others but as the interview goes on, Nico can tell that she's the one. "What do you do?" "I'm currently a student at Columbia, fourth year geography student hoping to get a master's in architecture. I'm interning down at the mayor's office for urban planning at the moment though." "Are you okay with the occasional party we throw here?" "Only if you don't mind if I do the same." "Nico and I sometimes have to get up extremely early to go to work. Is that alright with you?" "I like to go for runs in the morning anyway. It'll motivate me to get out of bed." "We don't have a 'no pets allowed' policy, but you have to check