DISCLAMIER: I do not own the Hunger Games or any of its characters. All the rights belong to Suzanne Collins Chapter 1: I am roused from a sleep by a loud noise, a noise whose source is not much of a mystery. I ball my hand into a fist, and bring it down hard and fast on the alarm clock resting on my bedside table, and I grin as the incessant beeping is replaced by a shattering sound, and that, too, is soon replaced by the sound of little pieces of metal clanging against wood. I open my eye a little and see that I have damaged the clock beyond repair, but I do not care. I will have a new one the next time I come home. For the next time I return home, it will be a different house, a grand one, residing in the prestigious Victor's Village. Yes, this year is my year. This is the year I volunteer. This year is the year I win the Hunger Games. My grin widens, and I swing my legs off the mattress, my feet sinking into the carpeting below. I stretch my arms out in front of me, and quickly realize how stiff my neck is. In response, I bring my left hand to my chin, the other to the side of my head. I turn my head, slowly, and am satisfied at the series of cracking noises accompanied by the relief of tension. I rise from my seat on the bed and cross my room, my destination being the closet opposite my bed. I fling the doors open, not even flinching as the doors smash loudly against the wall and make an attempt to hit me as they bounce back. I rifle through my closet to find something to wear. Really, I could wear anything from dress shirts to basic cotton t-shirts or khakis to athletic shorts. I have always had a dislike to fancy clothes, and I know my mom would reprimand me even in her delusional state if I went to the Reaping in clothes I usually wear to training, so I try to find something slightly dressy that looks basic, so my mother is pleased when she inspects me, but it looks as if I just didn't care for the people who look upon me from a distance. I grab simple blue dress pants, because they will pass for jeans, and a solid black t-shirt. I quickly pull the shirt over my head and put on the pants and some sneakers before I exit my bedroom. The long, peach colored hallway stretches from my room to the large staircase that spirals from the easternmost wall to the edge of our seating area. My brother's room as well as my mother's room are located along this hall, my mother's nearest the stairs. I begin my journey to the kitchen, traveling at a leisurely pace, until I hear light footsteps approaching from my side, and I reflexively raise my arm to block the blow I instinctively realized was coming. "Oof!" a high pitched voice cries, and I turn to see a young boy laying on the ground, a look of pure hate and annoyance on his face. "Hey Bryan," I greet, my tone positively void of emotion, but if anything it was completely bored. "How'd you know?" Bryan whines, totally betraying his resolution to get people to believe he was really and truly his actual age: 9. "You were very loud. You need to learn to be stealthy." "Well, you're not stealthy!" Bryan accuses, arms crossed over his chest in an angry manner. "True," I admit, "But I'm big, so I can still take people down without the element of surprise." I start to walk down the hall once more, when I hear Bryan call after me, "Well, thanks for that!" I turn and nod at the boy who could pass for 6 years old, smirk on my face. I thunder down the hardwood stairs, and swing into the seating area, which is complete with several couches, chairs, side tables, a fireplace, and, hanging above the aforementioned fireplace, a large, flat-screen television. I remember watching the Hunger Games on this television in years past. I remember seeing 24 kids, a boy and a girl from each district, fght until only one is left standing while my mother lying on the couch, my brother placing bets of little value on what tributes scared him the most, my older sister calling her friends to gush about the most attractive tribute. But there was never a fire in the grand fireplace. We used to, back in Victor's Village, but that was something my father did... and mother prohibited anyone else doing so after he passed. Out of respect or something, I wouldn't really know. Respect is really something I do not have, because my mother said she had gained respect for my father because all he had done for her and helped her through, something I would not appreciate. I can do it all myself, and I do not need or want any help from anyone. I walk through my home, cutting through my dining room before bursting into my kitchen. I grab a piece of bread to toast from the walnut wooded cupboards, and cram it into the high speed toaster. I look to the stove to see the time, and just can see 8:07 being displayed in neon on the stovetop. I curse under my breath, because I needed to meet Ashen and Brad in a minute, or 3 to be exact, and I can't exactly just leave my mother all alone with my 9 year old brother to take care of her without preparing him and informing her. I sigh, and run a hand through my blonde hair, spiked up in the front, and immediately hurry back to the base of the steps, soon after beginning my quick ascent. "Ma, you all set?" I ask her tentatively through the door. "Yes, yes. Of course." comes a less than steady response. I push the door open, and my eyes immediately land on the frail, bony figure that is Alexandra King. My mother married my father years ago, a year after he won the 53rd Games. She used to be elegant and rosy, always cheery, and she somehow shined even brighter with her husband by her side. But somehow, my father took all the light with him when he passed 6 years back, leaving us with a hollow shell of a woman. My mother has fallen gravely ill, and I tell no one. I say to everyone that I'm volunteering because I know I can win, and I don't want to have to wait; but truth is I can't wait. I need to get the money to save my mother soon because I doubt she will even live out the summer. "Mom?" I whisper, looking into her glazed over eyes. The usual dull brown color gets a new spark, her whole personality becoming as animated as her eyes. I'm surprised beyond words. What... what just happened? My mother smiles, years of aging due to stress being erased, and she murmurs, "Jacob!" I'm taken aback. "Jacob...?" I question. My mother struggles to get up, reaching her arms out towards me. Then it hits me. Jacob King, my father. "No ma, it's me, Cato." My mother is still struggling towards me, murmuring, "Jake, oh Jake! I've waited so long for you to come! Or, have I come to you? Oh Jake, tell me, is my suffering over?" "Dammit, ma! I'm not Jake! My name is Cato, I'm your son!" I shout, but my mother only titters, "Oh Jake, how I've missed you!" My blood boils for no reason I can place, but with every word my mother says I get angrier. I consider screaming again, but decide against it, so instead I turn on my heel and stalk out the door, trying desperately to ignore my mother's desperate shrieks, "No! Jake! You can't leave me! Not again! Jake!" I stomp down the stairs, and at the landing come face to face with a portrait of my family. I ball my hand into a fist and punch it straight into the glass, and let it shatter over my hand. I shake my hand, dripping with blood, before I storm out my front door, slamming it behind me. I emerge into the street, shocked slightly by the cold, but am not willing to let anyone know. I live in the upper class, a place for people who are related to now passed victor's and just plain rich people. I make my way down the sidewalk, because even though it is early and a holiday as important the Reaping, cars are already crowding the streets. Yes, we have cars. Only the rich, inner city folks though, it is not so common in the middle class, and completely absent in the poor areas like 59th Street. It's almost laughable how poor and unfortunate the gutter rats are, in fact, my best friends and I have often had a laugh over them when we hear about some outbreak of some contagious disease that blows through the 59th Street area that never contaminated even the lower sections of the middle class. But then we see some of the people who died because of it, sometimes 3 year old, starving children or withering widows who appear so desperate for their life to end, and, though none of us acknowledge any feeling of remorse, we do not find it all that funny anymore. I run towards downtown, knowing I'm to meet Brad and Ashen just outside of Victor's Village, where they both live. The side walks too are becoming crowded, but I just push through the crowd, using my terrifying reputation I built at the Training Center to scare people out of my way. I pass the bakery, clothing stores, and several other shops before I hit the path to Victor's Village, and lay eyes on two very angry teenagers. I meet their glares and glowers with my trademark smirk. "Where the hell have you been!" cried the red-headed, fair skinned girl. Her thin frame was clothed by an white dress, her sleek legs probably being longer than the fabric, as her dress cuts off mid-thigh. Her brown eyes glint maliciously, as do the girls in training, but one good look at Ashen Marshall tells you she's never done any manual labor. The boy next to her has dusty, brown hair that falls across his forehead but is cut short. He wears a white dress shirt and black slacks, and even though he is glowering, you can tell that Brad Fowler does not mind wearing it, which totally confirms the fact that there is no way the 17 year old has ever set foot in the Training Center. "I was late, okay?" I try to calm my friends. "No, not okay!" Ashen shrieks. She grabs the hem of her dress, and gestures to it with her other hand, "If I had known that you'd be 15 minutes late, I could've found a more attractive dress than this that would better compliment my hair!" "I-I think you look, look great in that white dress." Brad mumbles, but tries desperately to keep it even. I smirk at how desperately in love Brad is with our best friend, and try to help him out, "Yes, it's a very nice." Brad looks grateful, but Ashen seems spiteful, for she gives Brad the same glower she just gave me, and spits, "It's ivory." Brad looks taken aback by the venom in her voice, "Umm... wh-what?" "It's ivory, not white! Oh, if I had known how ignorant and inattentive you guys are I wouldn't have spent 300 dollars extra to get something better than white, but of course you just had to be so..." "Why don't we grab some breakfast?" I interrupt Ashen's screams, and