A/N: Hey you guys! I just wanted to say thank you so, so, so much for checking out my new fan fiction. I also wanted to warn you about something. In this story Nico and Bianca aren't Hades' son and daughter. I know they are in the really Percy Jackson series, but to make this fan fiction work better I made it to where Bianca and Nico are Maria di Angelo's children and they are Hades' stepchildren. I just thought I would clear that up and i hope it doesn't bother anyone. I just did it to make the story work a lot better. Anyways, thank you once again for checking out my fan fiction and I would love it if you guys could leave a favorite on this story or a comment. Have a wonderful, amazing, beautiful day, my friends! :3 Summary: Percy knows that love is a weird concept. Look at his parents for example: remarried after seven years of divorce. No one could have counted on it. As far as weird love stories go he is no stranger. In fact he is the main star in a twisted attraction of his own. With his uncle Hades remarried and two new cousins he never expected to fall for one of them. He never expected the temptation of Nico di Angelo. Rating: M for mature. Sexual content and mature language. Pairing: Percy Jackson and Nico di Angelo Welcome To Temptation Percy's POV Chapter 1: You Might Be So Lucky I was sure of one thing and one thing alone: A family reunion is always depressing as hell. The hours spent recollecting old stories that you've heard for the thousandth time, eating those random foods made by family members who you barely knew, having to worry about poison in the punch because most of the people who showed up would rather kill you than hear you whine- Yeah, it's not the most practical way to spend a Sunday evening. It's almost worse than those stupid assembles they do at school- You know those ones were everyone sits around for a couple hours, blocking out every word, and using the "Drugs Are For Fools" booklets as makeshift hand fans. Almost as bad. Or it could be compared to group therapy sessions that they do on Thursdays in the school's science lab. If you have never been to one then I say kudos to you, sir. Almost 97% of our school district either has mental issues, anger problems, a drug addiction, obsessions with another person, or they are just messed up in general. I probably fit into the mental/emotional issues category. Most people stop dead in their tracks when they hear that prince Percy Jackson has problems. Everyone has similar reactions: Wow, Jackson really does have mental issues. I figured it was just a joke. Being one of the lowest on our school's food chain brings upon a lot of harassment or rumors, but when word gets around that some of them are actually true- Well, it's just a field day for those who have nothing better to do than fuck up someone else's life. The group of us in therapy hasn't changed in a while rather than expanded. There are the Stoll brothers who were placed there after rigging the girl's bathroom with smoke bombs. Principle D. (Short of Dysious) automatically made a decision after that: They had an obvious behavior problem which resulted in them being placed in our history teacher Chiron's therapy group. Next there was Clarisse who had anger issues. We've lost count of how many times she's broken desks, dented lockers, and tried to drown someone in the public restrooms. There's also Grover (who smokes recreation weed way more than he should), Juniper (a nervous wreck caused by her boyfriend A.K.A. Grover's weed smoking), Selina (OCD over her appearance), and last but not least me. I'd be joking if I said I was the normal one in our group. For the past few years my step father Gabe (or smelly Gabe considering on who you ask) has been abusive to me and my mother both. No one will ever know how much I laughed when our neighbors called the police over domestic violence and had his ass thrown in jail. I just wished someone would have done it sooner. Either way, a few years of curses and slaps finally got my biological father named Poseidon's attention. He left my mother about seven years ago around my tenth birthday because the two of them couldn't get along. In my opinion if they would have calmed down and stopped fighting over trivial things their marriage would have been smooth sailing, but that's beside the point. He came to visit us over one weekend and two months later I was hearing wedding bells and we once again had a perfect family. It's been like that for three months now. Funny how life turns out. Along with my father's return came the family reunions again. If my memory hasn't failed me I still have vivid images of the gathering when I was a young child. There was always a long table set up in whoever's front lawn, piled with different foods that mainly consisted of something that you would find at a picnic (don't you hate it when you have to eat picnic food, but you're not at a picnic. What's the point?). The place was always crawling with relatives that I didn't remember or talk too often. Usually there were only two or three people that I really knew. Let's just say the ones I did know wished they didn't know me. If they (by some miracle) happened to like me than I usually didn't bother with them or talk to them often because I dion't like them. Once again, it's funny how life turns out. My dad pulled into the long driveway in front of my Uncle Hades' house at 3:24. I pretended to fiddle with my loose shirt button to kill time. I wish that I could have found a more clever way to put this off, but who can deny one of the classic responses. Everyone gives it a try every once in a while, so why shouldn't I? My father caught on to this immediately before turn towards my mother. "Sally….Can you get him?" "Huh," My mother said as she clambered from the front seat. She stopped ruffling through her purse as she glanced back at me. "Percy, come on. Get out of the car." "Fine…" I claimed with an unyielding nod and toss of my hair. God, I hate having bangs. I shifted from side to side, the thick seat covers squeaking as I climbed out of the backseat. God, I hate leather seat covers. "Come on, Percy. Let's get moving!" My father called as he led me forward. God, I hate it when he acts like I can't take care of myself. I hate it when he tells me what to do. I hate coming to visit people. I hate family reunions. I hate everything! "Do I have to go? Can't I just stay in the car?" I questioned innocently, masking my aggravation behind a façade of fake optimism. I was cut off by the gentle, low grumble of my stomach. Have you ever been getting ready for a Christmas dinner or a Thanksgiving dinner or something along those lines? Have you ever gotten ready, been dressed, ready to move when suddenly your stomach starts yelling at you like a dying Humpback Whale? Yeah, I hate it when that happens. The worst part of the situation is that if you have a mother like mine then you know they won't let you eat anything before you leave. It all like "You'll spoil your dinner." Or "We'll be eating in a few minutes. You don't need anything now." I guess those phrases aren't just for holidays anymore. Seems like adults are expending the market on when it is wrong to stuff your face. Apparently it's not appropriate timing to chow down before a family reunion either so I didn't get any breakfast or lunch. Thanks so much, mom. "Well, if you stay in the car then you won't get any food. It sounds like you're awfully hungry." My mother came up beside me, placing a tender hand on my shoulder as she let me forward. With a sigh of resignation I followed. Walking through the gate into the back yard I immediately headed towards the snack table. Of course it was the usual wooden tables pulled together in a line and plastic table cloth with a floral pattern. I don't know why I expected anything different from Uncle Hades considering he's divorced and can barely make a burrito by himself. When I was seven my uncle married a woman named Persephone, and by the time I was eight they were divorced. Of course it was expected. My uncle was a hot head and his wife was a pampered princess. It wouldn't have worked out very well and the whole family knew it, but we just didn't voice our opinions. Who were we to throw in our claims in his love life? Moving on from the crappy attempt at a picnic atmosphere, the food actually threw me for a loop. Dancing away from the usual plates of egg salad, hot dogs, hamburgers, and sandwiches poorly cut into flowers, there was actual food lying out like a buffet. It was plates and plates of expertly made barbecue, strange noodles that I didn't know what it was, fresh fruit, and more and more things that I didn't know what they were. I'm not a culinary expert, but…Hell, I didn't have any idea what the fuck most of the food was! It definitely wasn't made by my uncle. Of course the dinner looked a little strange, but I wasn't going to refuse it before taste testing. I grabbed a strange looking fruit popsicle…thing and poured some juice into a Dixie cup before turning away from the table and entering the crowd before me. I could identify a few people who whisked around the back yard, trampling over the newly cut grass and strewing clumps of unattached plants everywhere, but most of them looked pretty different than seven years prior. Names whirled around in my mind like a mini tornado: Apollo, Artemis, Aphrodite, Hephaestus, Ares, Hermes, Athena, Thalia, Jason, Zeus, Hera, and a few more. The moment I realized my cousins were at the reunion, they noticed me as well. I knew I was off to a good start when the first person I talked to was the only one who partially liked me or maybe my day was peaking early and the rest would be a living hell. Either way, oh well. Since my mother and father got divorced I haven't really seen any family member on my father's side. In fact I was completely cut out considering dad never bothered to tell me when they were coming over or took me to visit them or…I don't know…bothered to come see me himself. Nope, nothing bitter there, but…still i missed my cousins and, to some extent, both my uncles. So seeing Thalia for the first time in seven years was like a breath of fresh air. "Hey, Dumbass! Long time no see! You haven't changed at all, have you?" Thalia came up, ruffling my hair with one hand as though I was a child. Well, technically the last time I saw her I was a child, but nether less I was still offended. "Hey, Bitch! Long time no see to you, too!" I countered. "Wow," The amusement her voice was nearly consuming. Looking Thalia up and down I couldn't believe how much she had changed. Instead of being the little girl running around in jeans and Hello Kitty t-shirts, long hair tied up in pigtails, she looked like she was caught somewhere between Goth and emo. I expected jeans