A/n: Hello everyone! I just wanted to welcome you to a new fan fiction. I hope you enjoy and please leave a comment if you like and want more. Please enjoy my writing and have a fantastic day. See you later, my friends! :D Summary: Percy isn't too ecstatic when he finds out his father is shipping him to Rome for the Summer. What's there for him? No friends, no family, no anything. But all that changes when he meets a local boy named Nico di Angelo. And what happens in Rome stays in Rome. But what repercussions will his actions have when he returns home? Genre: Romance Rating: M for mature (Warning: Sexual content, cursing, and possible drug use) Pairing: Percy and Nico When In Rome Chapter 1: Times Change Italy is officially known as the Italian Republic. Rome is the capital city of Italy. Italian cuisine is popular all around the world. The most popular sport in Italy is football (soccer depending on where you are from). They have architecture and Lamborghini cars. Building such as the Colosseum, Pantheon, and the Leaning Tower of Pisa are all examples of Italian architecture. Leonardo Da Vinci, Galileo Galilei, Alessandro Volta. Verona is the city of love. And that's all I know about Italy. Nothing else. And here I am, in Italy, lost as fuck. But could you expect? A few months prior, when my father first insisted that I sign up for the school's new over-seas group program (pretty much like studying abroad), I instantly knew that I would get lost immediately when arriving in Italy. I warned him countless times that this would be a major failure, but he insisted a d when my father insists something, you listen. Just like I listened when he called me on the phone from California, claiming that my mother sent him the pamphlets from the school (which I know she didn't), and demanding that I filled out the paperwork for the program. Usually I would have rejected the idea for one simple fact: Money. Traveling costs and my mother and I….well, we're not the wealthiest people. But my father sure as hell is. Rich and wishing to impress his personnel at work. I can hear him now: "Look here at my son, the great Percy Jackson, traveling to Italy to broaden his education. Look how smart my genes made my son!" Honestly, my father is smart. A genius really. Most people don't figure out how to escape from New York, from the bustle and crowded subway cars, to branch out into their own world. My mother still hasn't gotten it down pat yet, but my father knew what he was doing. He divorced my mother after three years of marriage (I was two at the time), moved down to California, began working as some big shot lawyer, and pretty much forgot about us until my fourteenth birthday. By then he was running his own business, winning huge court cases, and writing his own books. Of course everyone love his business, and his winning streak, and his books, and his damn near perfect looks, his beach blown black hair, his tan, his crisp suits, his white smile, and practically everything else. And then the word got out. Seems that people are less supportive of you once they learn that you left a son and wife up in New York were they were barely struggling by. Yeah, that threw off his game for a while and then he started sending me letters every month, saying he's sorry for leaving us and how much he wants to see his son again. I burned every damn page. I'm bitter as hell and I know that, but I can't help it. So, I suppose in his freakish mind everything will be alright if he spends a few thousand dollars to drop his son off in Italy with a bunch of strangers for three weeks. Yeah, thanks dad. I hope I don't sound too bitchy though. It's not that I'm upset or anything. I mean what kid wouldn't want to go to Italy? It's practically a vacation with a little bit of studying throw in the mix, however, homesickness is the worst disease I've ever had. It hurts. Somewhere deep down in my chest, it hurts like hell. And it's only day one. And I'm still on the plane. And we haven't even taken off yet. You get the picture though. I don't know what I'm doing and it already feels like I'm in Italy, roaming the street on my own. The plush airplane seat cradles me like a blanket, reminding me of those cold days in New York when I would wake up only to burrow deeper into my bed with the wavering smell of my mother's cooking filling the apartment. It makes the ach even more vicious. Flight attendants walk up and down the aisles to check seat belts and a woman asks me if I'm alright. I can feel the sweat pour down my face as I shake my head no. The look of sympathy tells all as the pilot comes over the intercom, announcing that we are ready for take-off. Pale fingers curl into the armrest as I feel the plane beginning to ascend down the runway. I can hear the engine as we clamber down the airstrip quickly, wobbling as we move. I am going to puke. I am literally going to puke. "Hey…. You alright?" I ram backwards into the plane seat hard enough to give me whiplash. The girl beside me sniggers gently, her laugh sounding similar to the noise of a church bell: bright, airy, and alert. The simple fact of her voice being so spectacular is enough to startle anyone; however, I got an extra shock plainly because I wasn't prepared to strike up a conversation with anyone. I guess being so conserved in a new place and less open really can get you into trouble. At least, if I had talked to someone prior to now I might've still had a neck that isn't broken. "Your first time flying." She guessed, pointing a persecuting finger in my direction. With her other hand she begins rutting her hand through her hair, managing all the tangles out of the sea of gold that she locks. With a flicker of her aqua eyes, her lips purse into a quaint smile, obviously amused by my little worrying act. A chilled, laidback demeanor automatically clambered over my body as she pressed a tan hand flat against my chest. She was listening to my heart beat. The panicked, out of control, completely deranged beat of my heart. "Your chest is fluttering like a hummingbird." The beautiful, poetic simile flowed from her lips like a trail of silk, making me feel like I was in the presence of a goddess. The way she presented herself, so high and so mighty, it made her seem like one of those actors on TV, valiantly heading out to vanquish a dragon in their shinning suits of armor. Before I can manage to utter another word she is patting my hand temperamentally, poking my tightly clenched fingers on the arm rest and assessing my current state of distress. "You realize there is no need for so much worry, right?" The girl continues to grill me on my over hyped sense of horror about flying, "The chances of dying in an airplane crash are one in eleven million. It's fact. I remember reading about it in a magazine a couple years ago that they figure the chance of both a plane and car crash. You're more likely to crash into a tree and go flying through a windshield then die in a blaze of fire while on a plane. The charts for a car are a one in five thousand chance. Guess you won't be driving anytime soon." "Just close your eyes and take a deep breath and then….take the plunge. You look like one of those guys that would be a risk taker so just go for it" My solemn nod doesn't reassure either of us. With a light agitated sigh, like I've been a burden, she closes her eyes and leans back, following her own advice. The way she props herself up, the way she speaks and moves, you can feel the intelligence radiating off her and I know the best choice of action would be to follow her advice. With my eyes closed and lips pursed I can feel the slight jerking of the plane. I can hear the whirl of the engine and the chatter of other kids over the noise. And for the first time since I stepped foot out of my house this morning, out of my New York apartment while sharing hugs with my mother and father who flew up from California, I feel at peace. Suddenly, my ears are popping and it hurts like hell to say the least. Clenching my teeth I try my best to plainly block out the feeling. My stomach drops as the plane shuffles slightly, causing it to feel like I'm clambering upwards on a roller coaster. The silence of the entire situation is consuming. However the hush lasts only for a moment as the woman beside me flicks me in the neck, my eyes opening jaggedly as the breath squeezes from my lungs in shock. "Ow!" I hiss, holding my neck bitterly. So manly…. "Look, dumbass, we're off the ground." She interrupts my string of personal insults towards me as she points towards the window. I choke down a harsh breath as I realize the ground is no longer under me. I'm flying. I'm actually flying on an airplane. It's one of those holy shit moments. "Thanks for the alert." I murmur sarcastically under my breath. "You're welcome." She proceeds with a look of complete and utter inner pride. Shooting me an award winning smile she simply turns back towards the wind and stairs out mystified by the view. It is a pretty sight. But, to be honest, I think I would rather have solid ground under my heels. Just as a safety measure. I don't know how much time has pasted between when we left the airport and when they announce that we are close to Rome, but if feels like a hell of a lot longer that what I was told. Nine hours. They said it would take nine hour to get there via plane, but if feels damn near close to twenty. Me and the girl I sat next to on the plane were sharing an itinerary when the pilot announced over the intercom that we would be beginning our descend. She simply flashed me a brief smile before looking back at the list, noting the way I already tensed up with the man's words. I swallowed harshly before looking back at the list as the nine hours from New York to Rome I had learned quite a bit about the girl. Her name was Annabeth Chase, a seventeen year old senior from Rochester, New York. She lived with her two step brothers, her step mother, and her father. From her I had learned that the program had spawned interest in students across New York, thirty-seven of them actually applying and gaining entrance. The only reason she had signed up for this program was to study the agriculture of Rome and get away from her family for a while. She had nearly cried from laughter when I admitted that the only reason I was here was because my father wanted to impress his work buddies. "So, your father literally said go to Italy so I can impress my friends and you did it?" She asked indignity. I liked the cute little snort in her voice as she laughed. "Yeah, I mean what was I supposed to do?" "Say no!" Once again Annabeth laughed, loudly and bluntly. Nodding my head, feeling the choke in