Author note I own nothing but my two OC characters and their familiars. Bold italicized words are Severus' thoughts Bold italicized underlined words are Wolf's thoughts Bold underlined words are Onyx's thoughts Their real names will be revealed in later chapters. If you would like Thier background before hand, pm me and I will tell you. Until then, it's the waiting game . The Wolf and the Raven The school year had ended once again for the students and staff of Hogwarts. With another eventful year of near death experiences, this time the Chamber of Secrets was opened and closed by the boy who lived. Stress was an understatement, with the amount of shit that Severus Snape was put through. Dumbledore once again gave his precious Gryffindors blind royal treatment with breaking the rules and points for their house cup. 'They're children' the old man says. No, you're acting like one , Severus thought to himself during that conversation. The house heads were always in charge of escorting their respected houses out and off to the train. No one knew they had a celebratory round of drinks in the teachers lounge afterwards. Or that the house heads always placed a wager of last one to get the kids out brings the bottle. Severus didn't know how Flitwick and Sprout did it year after year of coming in first and second but he and McGonagall always came out last. He would be damned if he lost again this year. She won last year by transfiguring the last Gryffindors trunk to have legs and sat him on it as he rushed off to the carriages. He'd never seen her move that fast as he himself was searching for a cat with a third year that had already been on the train the whole damn time. He brought a bottle of elf wine from his personal stores as he cursed her name under his breath. After that they ruled no magic assistance allowed. He had more incentive to get the annoying cretin out of the castle this year. He had planned a much-needed vacation for the first time in his life. After Potter's first year and the stress, chaos and aftermath of Quirrell. Then this past year of the Chamber of Secrets turning into being a pet cage for Salazar Slytherins' Basilisk. Kids almost dying, house elves running around unattended, a sham of a DADA teacher. No, he was done. He was tapping out for a few months to drink himself stupid and relaxing properly. He was surprised that Dumbledore fully backed his decision to take his summer duties off and take time for himself. He didn't tell anyone where he was going, he wanted absolute uninterrupted peace. He was thinking of ditching the celebratory drinks and heading straight to his rooms to pack. His port key to Japan was scheduled for 2pm. He planned to stay at a nice quiet hotel, visit some well-known apothecaries, hike some known forests for specific rare ingredients. And of course, get completely hammered. He had a hell of a day do far rounding up the Slytherins and missed breakfast completely. Several hours later it came down to him and Minerva again. He had two Slytherin first years by the scruff of their neck racing out of the courtyard with Minerva hot on his heels with Longbottom in tow. "Jenkins if you and Mr. Cole don't get your arses in gear and on that train, I'm going to have you in detention with Filtch your whole second year." He said with a low voice. They looked shocked and got the hint. They took off running to the train faster than a Thestral on crack. He was waiting for her at the train. He looked back at Minerva and smirked. She lost this year. She rolled her eyes at him and threw Longbottom on the train and huffed. He decided to stay for the drinks. No way he was going to miss seeing the loss of her precious fire whiskey. He quickly made his way to the teachers lounge to wait for his victory drink. Flitwick and Sprout were already there playing chess. "So, Minerva lost this year…. didn't see that one coming." Sprout said as she started to put the game away and make room for Severus. When Minerva arrived, they poured their drinks and went over the hell of the year they just went through. "Severus, I hear you're going on vacation. About time, you need to relax and unwind." Sprout said. "Oh, where are you going? Somewhere tropical I hope?" Flitwick said. "Tropical? I can't picture him on a beach catching a tan. I imagine him visiting Venice for the library. Or perhaps Germany for the 'herbs'" She smirked. "None of your business. I want complete uninterrupted silence while I'm gone. If you think I'm telling you lot anything- "He said "Find yourself a nice woman. Lord knows you need more to unwind and relax. Settle down." Minerva interrupted. "Settle down? These are his prime years! He should be out partying and playing the field. But yes, find yourself a nice woman. And another and another." Flitwick said laughing into his drink. "Now Filius. Just because you were quite the stag back in the day doesn't mean Severus is the same. He seems like the romantic type." Sprout said. "Alright, I'm done. You're all out of your minds. I'll see you in September." He sneered and made his exit before they could embarrass him further. "Bring us back a bottle, will you? None of us travel anymore!" Minerva called out as he slammed the door behind him. He practically ran to his rooms, he had an hour to pack and get to his port key which was scheduled for him just outside of Hogsmead. He'd floo over to the Hog's Head and walk from there. He packed damn near all his clothes. He didn't want to forget anything at all so he set an undetectable extension charm on his trunk. He kept his muggle credentials on his person just in case. He had already converted his currency via owl the week before. He packed a few books to pass the time if he decided to stay in for a night or two. He didn't have a hotel booked, he planned to walk around and see which part of Tokyo he liked best. He heard his Floo activate behind him and knew instantly it was the Headmaster. "If you've come here to delay me or talk me out of this, you're sadly mistaken." He said without turning around. "No, no. I came to see you off! I hope you have a pleasant time in…. where did you say you're going?" He said. Severus could feel the twinkle of his eyes behind his back. "I didn't. I've finished my duties, I've got my lesson plans turned in and we are stocked for next year. I'll see you September 1st." He said firmly as he shrunk his luggage and put it in his pocket. Dumbledore looked displeased, "Well then, don't let me keep you. Have a nice trip. Don't forget to owl us!" He didn't even say goodbye, he stepped into the floo and left Dumbledore alone in his sitting room. He stepped out of Hog's Head moments later. He found a quiet corner of Hogsmead and set untraceable spells on himself. No post, floo or tracking charms would be able to find him. It was going to be the best first vacation he ever had and probably will have. His port key location was set to an old stump just south of where he was and he had five minutes to get there. He mentally checked the list in his head of everything he needed. At this point, even if you did forget something, you're not going back. He found an empty tin can sitting on the assigned stump and pulled his pocket watch out. Less than a minute. You should have eaten something. Port key travel across the world with a belly full of whiskey. Bright. Shit. The shaving kit. You can buy one there. Or don't shave this summer. It's vacation. But my shaving cream. Like they don't have shaving cream anywhere else in the world. 3….2….1 He felt the gut pull of the port key. He spun what felt like forever until his feet landed firmly on concrete. Then he felt wet. Extremely wet. You didn't check the weather before to left. Good job. And it's dark out. Didn't even check the time. What kind of wizard are you? Dry yourself and move. He grumbled under his breath and conjured an umbrella and dried himself. He started making his way towards the lights of the city. He took a deep breath in and took in the smells of Tokyo. Food first, then wander around. He cast a tempus charm discretely while making his way through the crowds and traffic. Tokyo was truly a city that never slept. It was 11pm local time. He wandered around a bit more until he found a bright neon sign that caught his eye. He couldn't read Japanese but the crude movement of the neon girl on a pole was a dead giveaway. Lucky for him she was wearing a witches hat, that meant he found a magical community at least. If they didn't serve food at least he could get a drink and out of the rain. He knew Tokyo was a magic/muggle mixed city but had no idea where which one ended or started. Luckily, he transfigured his travelling cloak into a black wool coat that went down to his mid-thigh before he started into the city. He was wearing black slacks and a white button up shirt, his black vest and his dragon hide boots. He stepped into the strip club that was playing some electronic music, luckily it wasn't too loud since it was a week day. All the booths were taken and leaving only the bar or the seats by the stage. Having a Japanese stripper watching him eat wasn't how he wanted to start this vacation. He took a seat at the bar that put the main stage to his right, if he wanted to watch all he had to do was turn. He signaled the bartender as he took off his coat to hang over the back of his stool. "Anata wa nani o motte imasu ka?" he said while walking over to him. "Sorry, English. Do you serve food?" Severus asked. "American or British?" the man said with a thick deep accent. "British." "Good, we no like Americans here. Cause too much trouble. Here menu. What you drinking?" he said and pulled his wand from his sleeve and translated it for him. "Whiskey." he asked as he looked at the menu. Everything looked good but he knew sushi at a strip club while drinking was a bad, bad idea. "Pleasure or business?" he asked while smirking. Severus' brows came together in contemplation. Why was he here? Pleasure sure as hell wasn't it, pleasure to him was hiding in his rooms for eternity. Definitely not business. He was here to get away from Dumbledore, the school, the kids, the stress. "I'm running away from my problems." He said simply. The bartender laughed and said "Ganbarou." He bowed his head a bit and set a empty glass in front of him, poured what looked like whiskey into it and scooted it towards him. "Ganbarou?" he asked with a terrible accent. He bowed his head in return. "Good luck!" the bartender laughed. He placed his order and the bartender nodded then went to the back. Severus took his time to look around a bit more, the girl on stage was lazily spinning and walking up and down to a mellow song, some men were throwing their yen. It was calm and laid back, the tension in his shoulders eased a bit when he realized