I will be working on this along with my other ongoing story. Please review. My Severus is not the cuddly closet romantic who pines after Lily. You will HATE my Dumbledore and Sirius. This fic will be dark….with some humor because I can never help myself. This fic will have triggers. There will be rape, torture, verbal and physical abuse. There will also be a lot of possesiveness from Severus and pure submissive behavior from my OC. She will not fight or question any of his demands or orders. August 1995 Grimmauld Place Severus Snape sat in the library of 12 Grimmauld Place in a large wingback chair reading the Daily Prophet. He didn't want to be there, of course, he had a million of other locations in mind than to be spending his summer. But no, his orders were to stay there where he was needed. Albus insisted he would be needed to stay close. He'd almost talked his way out of it until they got news of Potter using magic in front of muggles yesterday. Then he was trapped. His job was to find out what he could about the dementors that were sent, keep an ear to the ground for death eater activity. Keep up with the Dark Lord's activity. It was barely after breakfast when he and Black had gotten into another argument, resulting in wands drawn. Of course, Albus jumped in to take the mutt's side. He was ordered to wait in the library until he was ready to be debriefed and given his next order. He pulled out his pocket watch and opened it, he read the time then hit a button on the top and it flipped to another clock. He stared at it longingly. It was no ordinary pocket watch, it not only told time, but it had a timer. It was a countdown. 12 days, 288 hours, 17280 minutes, 1036800 seconds The inside had an engraving on it's casing. His thumb rubbed over it gently. April 19 th , 1978 11:45 am August 19 th , 1995 11:45 pm His heart fluttered in his chest, a little more than a week and time would be up. His train of thought was cut short when he heard Black in the hallway and the sound of a female voice. He snapped the pocket watch shut and tucked it away safely. He silently got up and made his way closer to the cracked door. "My, my, aren't you a pretty little thing." He heard Black say. "Um…thank you, Sirius. I should go find Harry and Ron." Hermione said. He could hear the tension and panic in her voice. "You've grown so much since I last saw you. We should really catch up. You're such a precious little thing." Black said. Severus cracked the door quietly and saw Black cornering the young girl in the hallway. His arms on either side of her against the wall breathing down on her. He had a flashback to when they were in school. A young Black trapping a fellow sixth year in the same manner. Her books clutched to her chest, trying to hide behind her black wavy hair. Shaking her head 'no' violently as he reached out to touch her face and push the books aside. "Aren't you a pretty little thing?" he said to the girl. He grabbed her chin and forced her to look at him. His lips almost to hers as tears streaked down her face. Her hand coming up to try and push him away. Young Severus snapped and drew his wand, he saw red. A loud bang echoed the empty hallway and Black went flying away from the girl. She dropped her books and ran straight to Severus. Before he knew what was happening she threw her arms around him, burying her face in his shirt and neck while silently crying. He wrapped his free arm around her protectively as he kept his wand pointed at Black. The flashback ended, he saw the current Black reach up to Hermione's face and Severus instantly saw the girl with black hair. He snapped into action and threw the door open. The loud bang from his wand sent the other man skidding down the hallway on his back. Hermione froze in fear staring at Severus. "I- I didn't do anything Professor. I swear." She said and threw her hands up. "Miss Granger, get out of here. And make sure you lock your door at night. Same with Miss Weasley." He ordered her. She nodded her head and stared open mouth at him and looked back to Black. "Now, Granger." He snapped with a deep voice. She almost tripped on the rug in the hall as she made for the stairs going up to the next floor. He could hear the sound of hurried feet stomping up the stairs. Black slowly got up to his feet and drew his wand. "Always gotta stick your big nose where it's not wanted." Black said and got into dueling stance. "Its you who shouldn't be sniffing things that don't belong to you." He countered. Lupin was first to arrive on the landing, Tonks and Arthur right behind him. "What the bloody hell is going on?! Albus put and end to this earlier this morning!" "Black is up to his old school tricks. Cornering defenseless girls and shoving his tongue down their throats." Severus sneered. "He's lying! I was just talking to Hermione and he rushed out attacking me!" Sirius yelled back. "Severus, what was he doing with Hermione?" Arthur asked seriously as he took out his wand. "Cornering her in the hall and telling her sweet little whispers. I stopped him before he could touch her." He explained. His want and his eyes still trained on the other man. "Sirius!" Tonks gasped and took stance by Severus. "Oh come on! You're gonna believe this Death Eater ? We were just talking! You saw what happened this morning- he's just making up shit to attack me." He said while looking to Remus for help. "Tonks, if you'd go check on Hermione please." Arthur said and nodded to the stairs. She gave Sirius a cautious look then to find the young girl. "You were the same back in school and you never changed. You like them young and innocent don't you? So they can't fight back." Severus sneered. He was trying to taunt him into making the first move. "Oh, this is about little Miss Ollivander….you're jealous of me aren't you? Always have been. You were jealous of James when Lily chose him and you couldn't keep Ollivander-" Sirius was cut off by Severus sending a nonverbal curse. He blocked and deflected it to the side, it scorched the wall next to him. He threw his own in return and then the duel really began. "Hit a sore spot have I?! Why did she leave again? Oh that's right. Some made up story of her travelling through time!" Sirius let out a mocking laugh at Severus until a he's hit his shoulder and he felt the burn. "What's your excuse for trying to touch innocent defenseless women? I've known Death Eaters who wouldn't even sink that low. I think you were in a cell next to one of them though." Severus shot back. Arthur and Remus doing their best to stay out of the way and somehow stop the madness blowing up in the hallway. Arthur yelled down to Molly to get Dumbledore and keep the children down stairs. Spells were flying everywhere, Sirius was panting trying to keep up with Severus who wasn't even sweating. "Tell me what really happened. Come on. Tell me how she broke up with you. Tell me how she was disgusted with your greasy self and went to find a real man." Sirius was on thin ice now. "Sectums-" Severus started to cast but was immediately stopped by the thundering sound of Dumbledore's voice. "ENOUGH!" Both men were staring each other down. The tall pale wizard stepped in between them and towered over them. "Severus, you will not attack a man in his own home. He has graciously opened it to us as headquarters." he said seriously. Severus clenched his wand tighter but stayed silent. Dumbledore looked to Sirius and said "And I'm sure this is a big misunderstanding. There was nothing happening between you and Miss Granger." His tone and firm look gave the first and only warning that was needed to get the point across. "Of course, Albus." Sirius said after he gulped. "Good. Now, Severus you and I have a things to discuss." He said and passed by both men and headed into the library Severus was in. He followed his mentor and firmly shut the door behind him. He felt the old man's wards around them as he set the privacy for the room. Being a spy for so long, he set his own as well. Fear nothing, trust no one. "Please sit. Tea?" "No thank you. I'd rather get this over with so I may leave this Gryffindor infested house." He said and sat across from him by the fire. "You mustn't fight Sirius like that, it's putting a strain on the people here at headquarters." Severus clenched his fists and shut his eyes for a few seconds before answering as calm as he could. "When you forced me into this role as your spy, you made it clear my job was to protect people. People I don't care about. I could give a damn if these fools lived or died and you know that. But you made it my duty to protect them. So what did you mean by that? Hmm? Protection from the acts of war? From themselves and each other? Or protect Potter from drowning when he looks up in the rain? Because if that's the case I can always look the other way and let them all eradicate their own bloodlines and each other." He vented and his voice was deep and forceful. "You care for none of them, Severus? Not even the boy-" "Especially the boy." Albus chuckled and set his teacup down. "So you only care about yourself preservation in all of this? After a decade of service I'd hope you would have come around." "We both know I don't give a damn about myself either. I've got the scars and liver damage to prove it. Was there a point to this meeting?" he said sarcastically and pursed his lips. "Ah, so it is still all about her. How much longer now? A month?" the older man asked while cleaning his spectacles. "Next week." "Are you excited?" Albus smiled. Severus huffed and made a face "Is that why you brought me here? To gossip like fifth year girls?" "Calm down, my boy. I only asked since you've been waiting for her all this time." He explained. "What are you getting at old man?" he said impatiently and sat up straighter. There was no way he was going to take another bullshit excuse as to why the date was moved back. He spent the last seventeen years in the service of two egomaniac wizards for one purpose and he wasn't about to be told 'no' after all this time. "The girl, I need her when she arrives. She will have something I need." He said seriously. "The timeline doesn't change? Is that why you sent her in the first place? To hide whatever it is you've needed for the war?" Severus' voice was even lower and he was leaning forward. Any information he could get about her, he took in like a dying man gasping for air. A junkie looking for the next high. "She will arrive at the time and date I last gave you. It hasn't changed. When she arrives I will need her immediately. Collect her and bring her here. I will be travelling the next few weeks before term starts. If