A/N: Hello everybody! So, here it is, the next story. I have successfully replenished my energies, have managed to find a flat and a flatmate, have moved, selected my courses, managed to find my way back into our kind of university system, battled the Erasmus bureaucracy and painted my room - meaning that I am ready to once again start a story! And here is the first bit! I am trying to post once a week (Tuesdays for now), and promise to do my best to keep to that schedule as long as possible. There might be a pause over Christmas since I will be spending the holidays in Portugal with my mother, but I should be back home before New Year, so don't worry. I won't be too long either way. Other than that, I will give no promises or guarantees - I have learned my lesson! •g• So, without any further ado, I give you this newest piece of madness! Thank you all for your support and your reviews, they did mean a lot to me! Visions of Betrayal By: Nili Rating: Well, what do you think? Hmm? Yes, of course it's another PG-13, or T or whatever is the equivalent in FF-net's little code. Surprise, surprise. •g• Spoilers: As always, there are some spoilers for my previous stories, especially for the last big one, "A Sea of Troubles". There might be some more for some previous stories, most likely "To Walk in Night" and perhaps minor ones for "An Eye For An Eye" and "The Heart of Men" - those are usually the culprits. They really would be minor, and I am always trying to explain everything as well as possible while I go along. It would probably help to have read "A Sea of Troubles", but I do not think it is necessary. You should be fine either way. Oh, and there are of course the usual spoilers for "The Fellowship of the Ring", "The Two Towers", "The Return of the King" and "The Silmarillion". But those really are unavoidable, I am afraid. Hey, we are using Tolkien's playground . Disclaimer: I own nothing in Middle-earth, to my never-ending regret. Any recognisable character, setting, place, event and so on belongs to J.R.R. Tolkien and his heirs. I do not have anyone's permission to use any of the above, but I do so anyway. I am a wicked, evil person, don't tell me. The rest, however (places, characters, crazy wood-elves, demon horses etc.) belongs to me, so please don't kidnap any of my characters. They might be rather happy to get away from me, but I wouldn't like it all that much. Besides, my alter ego would have a fit, and I am afraid of her, so... And, finally, this story was written just for fun, and I will most certainly not receive any money for it. It would be a wonderful way to earn my living, but you can't have everything, I guess, least of all vast sums of money. Please do not use any of my original characters (or horses or bats) without asking me first. Thank you. Summary: Peace has once again returned to Rivendell, and all Legolas, Aragorn and the twins have to deal with are terrified elven captains with pre-wedding jitters and insane wood-elves and their pets. As always, however, that rare time of rest and relaxation is cut short when a message reaches the Last Homely House: There is something amiss in the camps of the Dúnedain. Rangers are disappearing, and fear and suspicion are beginning to rear their ugly heads. Aragorn, his brothers and Legolas decide to join the young ranger's people to discover what it going on, but they quickly realise that the disappearances are by far not their only problem. And while they struggle to keep the darkness at bay that the Rangers have been fighting for so many long years, it becomes clear that, this time, the enemy might be closer to them than they might think - and that treachery could be lurking around every corner. Series: This story is, just like all the others, part of my ever-growing mini series that is actually beginning to outgrow the "mini" part. I am not quite sure whether to count "A Taste of Disaster" - or where to count it if I do - but I have decided to include it in the list. My other stories are (in more or less chronological order): Straight Paths Everlasting An Eye For An Eye The Heart of Men To Walk in Night A Sea of Troubles & A Taste of Disaster This newest proof of me being a disturbed and thoroughly weird person takes place in the summer of III, 2954, roughly two months after the end of "A Sea of Troubles" . Additional Notes: So, this is my first story including the rangers. I am really nervous about that, mostly because Tolkien said so little about them, or rather left us with so little "real" information to work with. I will explain my theories concerning their culture, way of life, location of their settlements and so on later on, when it becomes relevant to the story. Since I am always trying to stay true to canon (or as much as possible), I would, as always, be happy about any comments or helpful information. If you spot a mistake or have just found Tolkien's lost letter where he unanimously stated just how many rangers there were or what their organisational structure looked like, please don't hesitate to send me an email. Oh, and I am also firmly determined to finish this story in less than 25 chapters - stop laughing back there! I am really trying this time - the last story really got out of hand. Universe-like: A long time ago I decided to follow Cassia and Sio's lead and pretend that Gilraen was killed with Arathorn, something that I sometimes regret by now since I try to stick as closely to canon as I can. It wasn't because I don't like her though, no; I started this way because it was easiest. I still think it's hard to integrate her into Rivendell-life realistically, and she's such a complex character that I only now feel confident enough to have a go at writing her. Now it's too late, though. •g• I hope you - and her - will forgive me for this not so little detail. Because of this and some other smaller things some people have told me that my whole concept is an AU, and I think they are correct, in a way. I totally ignore the fact that Aragorn's supposed to have met Arwen just after he had been told of his heritage (even though, in general, I have nothing against Aragorn/Arwen romances), and I must state here and now that I am aware of the fact that I am not Tolkien and therefore do not even begin to sound like him, something that can only be commented with "Duh!" in my opinion. I could never write as well as he does, which means that you will have to bear with me. The whole Arwen dilemma I intend to solve at the end of this story. A small note concerning the Elvish used in this story, or, more specifically, the Sindarin: I am a follower of the "mellon nín" variety. If you like the undoubtedly equally correct "mellonen" better, bear with me. As far as I know, you can use both versions. And, last but not least: It is no secret that English is not my first language. It is, in fact, my third, but that's beside the point. •g• So please, let me know when you find a blatant and horrible mistake somewhere. You will, trust me - I usually spot them right after I have posted a chapter and I would have to upload the whole thing again to correct them. Some always manage to sneak their way into my stories no matter how hard I try. Pointing them out to me doesn't bother me at all and really helps to improve my English. Thank you! Chapter 1 It was a beautiful morning that had dawned bright and clear over the quiet and reasonably peaceful valley of Rivendell. The sun was a blinding, pure golden circle in the azure blue sky, there was a slight breeze ruffling the lush, green foliage of the trees and the soft sound of crystal clear water that trickled from rock to rock only accentuated the perfection of the day. It wasn't anything particularly surprising or noteworthy, mind you; for one, it was the middle of July, which more or less guaranteed bright and beautiful days around these parts, and besides, this was Rivendell . No one openly speculated about why the valley was usually spared the worst storms and ravages of the weather that sometimes plagued the rest of this part of Eriador, but more than one elf harboured his or her suspicions. None of this, however, was on Isál's mind at the moment. That was partly because he had always been a firm supporter of the theory that one shouldn't poke one's nose into things that were none of one's business – especially in Rivendell. Here non-compliance with that very simple rule could get you into more trouble than you could imagine, even if you were one of the people with an active and healthy imagination. For him, the only exception to that rule was Elvynd's business; he simply loved poking his nose into his friend's business, and the fact that the other captain hated it when he did it only served to make it more enjoyable. But no, it was also because he was having more than his fair share of troubles, and he was far too experienced (or jaded and disillusioned, as other slightly ill-meaning people would say) to be lulled into a false sense of security by something as trivial as a beautiful day. The only positive aspect of all this was that, for once, the reason for said troubles was not his lord's sons and their friends. Well, that was not completely true, of course, since they were always causing some sort of mischief or other, but they weren't more bothersome than usual – which, truthfully, didn't mean a whole lot. But Isál was nothing if not a fair elf, and so he had to admit that the past few weeks had been fairly quiet. At first, it had been because Estel had still been recuperating from the injuries he had sustained during their last little expedition which most people would call a full-blown catastrophe. It hadn't been the young man's fault, though, or at least not exclusively. Isál had in fact spent quite a bit of time trying to figure out whose fault all of this had been, and still, almost two months after they had returned to Rivendell, he hadn't found a definite answer. After all, if Lord Erestor hadn't been sent to Aberon, the insane Lady of Donrag wouldn't have felt threatened by Rivendell's apparent close ties to the rivalling city of her town. Maybe then she wouldn't have sent her insane captain (who just happened to be an old enemy of Estel and Prince Legolas who had been out for their blood for months) to ambush Lord Elrond's chief councillor and his escort, even though Isál secretly doubted it – the woman had been as mad as a hatter, after all. Maybe their warriors wouldn't have been slaughtered to the last man – or almost the last man, considering that Elvynd had narrowly survived – and Lord Erestor wouldn't have been taken captive and they wouldn't have thought all of them dead. Isál shook his head. Maybes and what-if-onlys could be fun, but they were also highly futile. It didn't matter, after all; all of it had happened, and then, when a messenger of Aberon had arrived in Rivendell