LOST LOVE OF A DÚNADAN In the eerie quiet ofthe morning two groups of people conversed together on the sparse, scrubby patch of ground while the wind gusted around them. The Battle of the Hornburg was over, and the group of Dúnedain Rangers calling themselves the Grey Company who had long been seeking Aragorn, had caught up with him here in Rohan. Legolas stood talking with Gimli and Merry, looking askance at the group of Men gathered around Aragorn. Merry's words, "I am getting hungry", did not register on his keen Elvish ears. Gimli watched Legolas curiously before replying to Merry that he, too, could use a meal. "Are you coming with us, Legolas?" Gimli asked. "I say, Legolas!" The Elf nodded. "I am sorry, Gimli, for not paying attention. Yes, I will come," and he followed his two friends back toward the Hornburg. Dead leaves blew across their path in a sudden gust of wind. "Today, my thoughts are as scattered as those leaves," said the Elf. "The arrival of the Rangers of the North and the Sons of Elrond has unsettled me." "Why is that, Legolas? Are you not relieved? They look like doughty men and they should be of some help to us, at least," said Gimli. "I know not why I should feel more saddened by their arrival than feel a sense of relief from it, but I do," Legolas said. "Perhaps it is because their number is so few to add to our strength against so many of the enemy. Something has driven home to me the realization of the hopelessness of our Quest." "Shh," warned Gimli, glancing pointedly toward Merry. The hobbit was uncharacteristically quiet. His chin was pressed to his chest, his once lively feet shuffling in the dirt. Legolas looked long at his friends and stopped walking. "I have changed my mind," he said. "My company will do you no good. I feel that I am not fit to comfort you at present and I am not hungry. Please do go on, though. Eat, refresh yourselves, and I will see you anon, my good friends." With that, he left them, making an abrupt turn, and he walked back along the rock-strewn path to join the group of Rangers and two Elves. Halbarad stood a little apart from the others, but he remained in conversation with Elladan and Elrohir, who had removed their bright helms and were paying Halbarad rapt attention as the tall Man spoke. Legolas was intrigued by the apparent earnestness of their conversation and sauntered up to the sons of Elrond, whom he knew from years of hunting and riding together. His keen glance swept over the tall Ranger with dark brown hair and eyes who stood with one knee bent, his long spear held in his hand as he tapped it on the ground in a low, staccato rhythm. The man was very thin, his face drawn and haggard, but his eyes were sharp and clear. Halbarad noticed the Elf with the shining hair and bright eyes approaching and he stopped talking. An expression in Legolas' eyes, the stoop of his shoulders, his slow gait, both intrigued and frightened him. "Hail, Legolas," the sons of Elrond greeted him. "Tales of your brave deeds in this recent battle have reached our ears." Legolas smiled. "Mae govannen, Elladan and Elrohir, yn-Elrond," he said. "I did not fight our battle alone, as you make it sound. And you are a welcome sight. That you and your brother have decided to join the rangers is encouraging." "You can drop your veil of reassurance, Legolas," said Elladan. "I detect in the inflection of your voice that you feel as defeated as everyone else." Legolas looked startled, and he chose to say nothing in response to that. Instead, he turned to Halbarad and held out a hand to shake the Man's in greeting. "Welcome, Halbarad Dúnadan, friend of Aragorn," he said with as much of a smile as he could muster. "It is a relief to see you, nevertheless." The group of Elves and Rangers talked a while longer, Aragorn and Legolas giving the others a brief description of the land of Rohan, the Rohirrim and their recent battle at Helm's Deep. Halbarad turned to Legolas after several minutes had gone by and the conversation had turned away from them, and asked him, "Would you walk with me, Legolas?" The Elf did not appear surprised by this request, nodded his head in agreement and the two left the band of men and began to stroll along the rocky pathway that led down the hillside to the main road. They walked past the burial mounds of the fallen, some of which had been only freshly dug that day. The wind came up and stirred little dust clouds that swirled in the air above the mounds, looking like miniature maelstroms. "These are probably the worst times through which we will ever have to live," said the Elf after several minutes of silence. His despair showed in the tightness of the skin stretched over his cheekbones and the clenched muscles in his jaw. Halbarad was surprised by his words. "Has your Elvish prescience told you anything about the upcoming war against Sauron?" asked the Ranger. "Halbarad," replied Legolas. "I am armed with so much real information that leads me naturally to certain conclusions. I do not need prescience to tell me of our probable doom. There is hope, of course, but it is as slim as the first appearance of a crack in a wall. What made you decide to come here when you did not know what you would find, nor whether you would ever return home again?" "To give our assistance to Estel, of course," said Halbarad, taken aback by Legolas' despairing attitude and his negativity. "You could not know," said Legolas, "what would befall you when you left your home. Did you not give thought to staying there and continuing to protect those who have come to depend on you?" "Of course," said Halbarad, "but there are many others who are able to do that. We have spared only thirty Rangers from a much larger group to come here." He was shaken. Legolas' words had stirred up not only fear, but a realization of what was left behind to lose if they should fail. "Do you have any loved ones who would have preferred that you remain at home?" asked Legolas. Halbarad was silent for a moment. "I won't say no," the tall Man replied, a shadow of sadness flickering across his dark gaze. "In Bree there is a lady, a miller's daughter, whom I – I –" His voice trailed off in his hesitance to speak more of her to the Elf, who was a virtual stranger to him. Legolas stopped walking and placed a hand upon Halbarad's arm. "Nay, you can speak of her to me," he said softly. "Come, let us sit. I want you to tell me everything that you can remember. Talk to me about those pleasant memories that you have, and try to relive all of the tender moments that you spent with your lady. What is her name?" And Legolas found a comfortable place for them to sit, and he began to gather twigs and branches from the fallen trees in order to build a small fire that would keep them warm as they talked. "Her name was Veronica. Like the flower," said Halbarad in wistful reminiscence. "My times with her, though they were few in number, were more than mere moments." He smiled, a wan, sad smile. "Were they? Please tell me about them," urged Legolas, leaning forward, his elbows resting on his knees, his legs in crossed position. Halbarad gazed at the Elf with a faraway look in his eyes. Already he was beginning to feel comforted by the attention that Legolas was paying him. The Elf was strange, at first doom-filled and inspiring fear, but the next minute he was comforting and he distracted Halbard from his private terrors. "We first met when the other Rangers and I were passing through Bree – Veronica and I were both walking through the streets and literally bumped into each other. I was trying to find the inn where I could get a meal, and she was on her way to meet her father's sister. She had dropped a parcel she was carrying, and I picked it up for her. The instant our eyes met, I knew that we were destined to be together. Do you know that feeling, Legolas? When you first meet a stranger who does not feel like such, but more like someone you have known before and perhaps have not seen in a long time. That is how I felt when I first saw Veronica." "I do know what you are saying," Legolas said. "Please go on." Halbarad looked past Legolas' shoulder at the hills rolling away to the south. He saw patches of green and gold, dotted with scruffy shrubs, their wayward branches a tangle of brown, red, gray and green in the early spring. "We met when we could, whenever I was traveling through Bree, and that was not often. Her father did not approve of me because of my occupation, the fact that I was always on the move and never stayed in one place for more than a day or two. Of course, there was no way to explain to them that we were protecting their lands and people, and we were not sinister strangers who should be feared by the citizens of Bree or any other settlement in the north." "Veronica told me that when it became too difficult for us to see each other she planned to leave her parents' home and start working at the inn so that she could see me more often." "That sounds like too drastic a solution. For her to leave home to move to an inn would surely place her in the midst of strangers who may not be friendly. Do not tell me that that is what she did." Halbarad nodded, looking sad, his brow furrowed and shoulders hunched. "Yes, she did move there eventually. You see, by then we desired each other greatly, and could not bear the long intervals when all we did was think of each other, but could never be together." Halbarad broke off, his face flushed with self-consciousness, this putting a halt to his ability to speak freely. "Halbarad, tell me what it was like when you were together," said the Elf. "There is a reason that I am asking this of you, and it is not because my interest is prurient." Halbarad looked at Legolas closely. The Elf smiled back at him with a farsighted and benevolent look of wisdom in his eyes, and Halbarad trusted him. Or perhaps it was the time to unburden himself. Telling someone else of his innermost feelings felt cathartic, and it was also taking a welcome load off of his shoulders. Halbarad gave a deep sigh and hunkered down across the fire from Legolas. "Before Veronica moved into the Prancing Pony, she and I would meet in her uncle's barn. Her aunt and uncle were more sympathetic to our plight than her parents. Her uncle would leave the door unlatched for us, and her aunt would lay out blankets upon the straw and set out food and wine for our refreshment. The first time I lay with Veronica it was in that barn, and I will always remember the sounds and smells of that place. Though we shared the space with pigs and horses, it smelled of life, fresh as flowers or otherwise. And that sensation of being alive excited us. Desperate and eager we were, and we made love with much joy. I will never forget the feel and taste of her. Her skin so soft and alive it was like liquid silk. Her hair smelling of fresh-mown