Prologue: Leaving Middle-earth Frodo, Bilbo, Gandalf, Galadriel and Elrond arrive on the shores of Tol Eressea. Frodo leaned against the wooden rail of the great white ship leading him away from his old life. Tears started to flow only as he looked back toward the Grey Havens. He had not cried up to that point, as he had wanted to remain strong in front of the others aboard ship. His friends, Samwise, Merry and Pippin, were becoming small dots, withdrawing before his eyes upon the dove-grey wharf, and slowly became invisible as a fine grey mist enveloped all that Frodo could finally see of Middle-earth. One by one, each ultimate piece of scenery disappeared as if blinked away, and his friends' faces appeared for the final time, frozen in his memory. Then he saw the majestic, flowing architecture of the Grey Havens beyond the wharf, the grey stone walls etched indelibly in his mind. The definitive thing he saw was the clear, still water of the harbour, pooled outward toward him like a looking glass, mirroring for his eyes the last sight of Middle-earth, and then all was gone. Gandalf's strong voice fell upon the weary Frodo's ears. "Frodo, you are full of sorrow", the wizard said, "but all sorrow is not bad, and in time you will feel better about having to leave your friends behind. Remember that there is an entire new world that awaits you ahead, and do not forget that Samwise will be joining you in the Undying Lands, in his own time." Frodo heard all that Gandalf said, but his tears would not stop falling. He felt pain at that moment, pain in many ways, both physical and psychological. It would be a long time before he would be able to think back upon his past life without feeling that pain, so profound it was. With a sigh, he turned away from the view of the receding land where Middle-earth lay, and his gaze fell upon his uncle Bilbo. The old hobbit was making the trip to the Undying Lands with Frodo and the others and was now dozing on a tiny bench upholstered in soft, grey silk, which looked as puffy as a cloud. Frodo's heart leapt at the sight of Bilbo. "All of my friends have not been left behind, after all", he thought. His loving gaze turned from Bilbo to the Lady Galadriel, who was passing by on the other side of the ship. She turned to smile at Frodo. She looked fragile and ethereal as she floated along the ship's deck, her feet barely touching the ground. Frodo noticed with great interest how, in that moment, Galadriel and Bilbo looked alike, with a remote haziness, as if they were almost not really there. Frodo wondered if he, himself, appeared that way to others. "Are we actually dead or dying?" he thought. "Bilbo and Galadriel look like people you dream about after they have passed away. When you wake up from dreaming about them, you realize with a start that they are gone, yet there is a fleeting moment where you feel you can still reach out and touch them and hear the echo of their voice." Elrond came to stand beside Frodo. "You are in the company of friends, Frodo", he said. "We are going to a better place". The elf drew back his grey mantle, and smiled. "Let me sing a song to soothe your weary spirit along the way", and brought forth his silver harp. He began to play a soft melody on it, and accompanied his playing with a song, in elvish, which had the effect of helping Frodo to forget his sorrows for the moment. It was a song that Frodo had heard before, in Rivendell, that told of Eärendil the Mariner. Frodo knew that Eärendil was Elrond's father, and the sweet song caused him to smile as he gazed up at the Elf-lord. Frodo began then to forget his own sadness and he thought of Elrond's father as he listened to the wonderful words. "Eärendil was a mariner That tarried in Arvernien; He built a boat of timber felled In Nimbrethil to journey in; Her sails he wove of silver fair, Of silver were her lanterns made, Her prow was fashioned like a swan, And light upon her banners laid." After he had finished, Elrond said: "I go to Valinor in hope of meeting again with my parents, Earendil and Elwing, although I do not hold much hope in my heart that we will be reunited. They are both doomed to fly the skies and light the way for others, and cannot live a normal life, as normal as life can be in the Undying Lands. I understand your mourning for those you have left behind, Frodo, but I mourn also, for those who lie ahead. It sounds odd to say, I know, but that is the truth". He turned and went away to the front of the ship, and Frodo's gaze followed him with a puzzled look in his eyes. A warm, refreshing breeze was on the air. A gust of wind from the sea suddenly arose and the gently cleansing air uplifted the heavy feeling in Frodo's heart. He felt as if it were trying to sweep away his sadness. The white ship was moving swiftly now, onwards and upwards into the western sky. A grey mist rose up with it, arising out of the sea, and enveloped the ship in its shroud. Frodo found himself drifting slowly away, from all thought, all consciousness, and finally, all of his life. Everyone on board the ship fell into a deep, replenishing sleep. During the voyage, everyone dreamt profoundly of the past, of the people and places they once knew. Gandalf's dreams reflected upon the fragility of Middle-earth and how close it had come to being altogether destroyed. Now he was able to leave that world behind because it was about to bask in the dawning spring of its new age and was coming to a time when it would no longer need the ancient people of the Eldar to guide it. They had not done such a good job anyway, he thought. Memories of the strong and heroic people left behind, flooded into Gandalf's thoughts. King Elessar, with his benevolence, his healing powers and his love of all the peoples, flora and fauna of Middle-earth, would be the perfect ruler for the beginning of this new age. He would be joined in his endeavours by many friends, all working together for the common purpose of rebuilding their various countries and lands torn apart by wars and battles. King Eomer of Rohan possessed the strength and fairness to lead his people to prosperity. His sister Eowyn, now married to Prince Faramir, was gentle, kind and intelligent, as was her husband, and together should make wonderful ambassadors to go forward into distant lands and attempt to bring them together with the alliance of Rohan and Gondor. The hobbits of the Shire, Merry and Pippin, indomitable of spirit, should also make fine goodwill ambassadors. As did all hobbits, they possessed a love of history and geography and a love of people of all kinds, even though it was not in the hobbit nature to wish to venture forward to discover new places or people. Samwise Gamgee, loyal and steadfast, while still living on Middle-earth, would thrive as mayor of Hobbiton for many years to come, and sire a huge, loving family. Gimli, the dwarf, a great warrior, proved he had the strength of mind to overcome his bigotry and stubbornness in order to befriend people of other races. He had truly grown enough that he could become a fine leader of his own realm. And lastly, Gandalf reflected upon Gimli's friend Legolas, an elf-warrior of skill, grace and beauty, who was so beloved by his friends that they prevented him from leaving Middle-earth when he had heard the call of the sea. He had been left behind for the time being, torn as he was between his elvishness and the humanity that he embraced. With evil banished finally from Middle-earth, there was no need for the protection any longer of more than one Maiar spirit. In fact, two had been left behind to watch over Middle-earth now. Iarwin Ben-Adar and his wife Goldberry had moved from Eriador to the forests among the far western mountain ranges. After an unknown length of time had passed, Gandalf awakened from his dreams in time to announce that land was in sight. "Behold! The golden shores of Tol Eressea!" he called out joyously. Frodo and Bilbo awoke too, and joined him at the ship's bow, and looked out upon the welcoming shoreline, which was bathed in a golden light. Then, the white ship descended, and touched down softly upon the outlying waters of Tol Eressea, the Lonely Isle. All of the ship's passengers gathered at the bow and held hands, and looked out with wonder at the unknown future, which lay ahead of them. Chapter One Legolas Greenleaf In the year 1480 by the Shire Reckoning or Year 58 of the Fourth Age, Legolas Greenleaf, previously of Mirkwood Forest, dismounted at his stables in Ithilien, gliding off his horse, Arod, and patting its neck as he did so. "Go now, Arod", he whispered to this very special horse, a gift to him from King Eomer of Rohan, to reward his assistance and valour during the War of the Ring. "Please return to Edoras for now, then come back to me in a fortnight". Arod neighed at him, and with a swish of his white tail, he galloped off. This horse had been through many battles and adventures with Legolas and the two could not remain parted for long. Arod had come originally from Rohan, and every now and then he would return to the stables of the King in Edoras for a short while. Then he would always return to the home of his real master, who was now the new elven-king of the realm of Ithilorien, a land that he had been awarded by King Elessar of Gondor within the forest of Ithilien. Legolas and Aragorn had fought long about this. The Elf did not wish to have any title or special privilege of royalty bestowed on him. While he cherished the idea of, and was instrumental in bringing Elves from the war-battered realms of Mirkwood, Rivendell and Lothlorien to establish a new realm in Ithilien, he did not like to be called "King", or "Your Majesty", or any other royal title by anyone. These Elves had worked hard to turn that part of the forest into a beautiful colony such as had existed in Lothlorien and Rivendell of old. King Elessar had given him a glade in which to live within the forest of Ithilien, so that he and his colony of elves could rebuild and restore it to its former splendour. Legolas named the area Ithilorien, in order to pay tribute to the golden realm of Lothlorien, which had all but been destroyed during the War of the Ring by Sauron's forces. It was now a deserted place, with its ruler, the Lady Galadriel, having gone herself to the Undying Lands and her husband, Lord Celeborn, had moved his rule to East Lorien in a part of Mirkwood. King Elessar had awarded the rule of the lands of Ithilien, surrounding Ithilorien, to Prince Faramir, who was now the steward of Gondor. Legolas had been born in the city of Gondolin in Beleriand, a land that was no more. He and his father, Thranduil, had escaped from Gondolin during its siege, before it fell to the forces of the evil Vala Morgoth. Legolas was gifted with night vision, and had led the exiles from Gondolin to Mirkwood Forest, where his father established a new realm of woodland elves. King Thranduil had long now departed Middle-earth, leaving his son Legolas to