A/N: I've been wanting to write a Frodo romance for a long time now. I hope you all enjoy this! Cover photo © the super talented SapphireGamgee on dA. Lost to the Wind Zinnia How does it feel to be the last of one's kind? After my grandmother died, I knew. The feeling is not one that any hobbit, man, elf, or dwarf should have to go through. I buried my grandmother as far away from the Anduin as I could possibly carry her. I could not bear to be alone but for a week; I was driving myself mad. My parents and relatives departed from the Gladden Fields when I was young and left me to care for my grandmother, whose line had been cursed with long life. She was frail and unable to make the journey. With no money and no contacts, I set off westward. My parents hoped to join the rest of my kin who had traveled there long ago, so I decided to go, armed with only a small haversack and a flicker of hope that I would ever see another of my people. The rumours concerning plagues of old weighed heavy on my mind. Through rough terrain I traveled, thinking of my lonely but beloved home every step of the way. Somehow, by some means of Providence, I made it across the Misty Mountains unscathed save for a few bumps and bruises. I knew nothing of the world outside those mountains. My weary feet protested but I hardly camped during my long journey. The foreign night wilderness frightened me to no end. Usually I foraged for food, like I was used to doing my entire life. Occasionally, traveling parties left scraps. I stayed out of sight until they moved on, and scrambled to eat and drink their remains. How I desperately wanted to talk to them! But there was no way to tell who was dangerous and who wasn't. It seemed there were other poor folk about, because one night, I fell asleep with my haversack by my side, and when I arose it was no longer there. Throughout my journey, I tried to travel in a straight line due west. I vaguely remembered my father telling me that if I just followed the sunset, he would be there. He told me I would someday join him in a civilization where hobbits had lived in peace for centuries. That was over ten years ago, when I was just a wee twenty years old. My heart burned within me as I hoped the promise was still good. When I felt like I could hardly carry on, an amazing thing happened. The trees began to thin and the sky brightened over a grassy land. Although I had no idea what I was looking for, my heart could sense that my destination was near. The hobbit footprints I passed and the smell of the air were promising evidence. I came to a wide river and rejoiced. How I longed to swim and bathe again in the cool clear water. During my repose, I became quite content with the prospect of living out my days on that riverbank, but vowed to continue on. Yesterday, I came to a smaller river that parted and rejoined to form an island, and have been recuperating here ever since. Night has fallen, and I am feeling rather well, but fear that I must do something about my clothing. I wore a pair of my father's breeches and a shirt for the journey, the only tokens of him I had left. But now, they stink of death and travel. In the shade of the shrubs, I wake to the sound of voices. Peering through the trees, I see two hobbits at the riverbank, talking intently: an older one with greying curly hair, and a slightly taller, thin one with dark matted locks. For that matter, they both appear thinner than any hobbit I've seen back home, including myself. I look down at my bony arms. After what I estimate to be two months of grueling travel, I have lost nearly a quarter of my weight. My heart nearly explodes…so this is hobbit country! I knew my intuition hadn't deceived me. I ached to run down there and have a proper conversation with them, and especially inquire about my family. But they are talking intently and I don't want to interrupt. What's more, my stench might drive them away all on its own. I keep extremely quiet and still, letting their words drift up to me from the water below. "Why can't I, uncle?" the younger one says agitatedly. "You'd be right here in the event of an accident." I decide to take advantage of their minor tussle. Sitting upstream from the hobbits I spy blankets, pots and pans, and two haversacks of belongings: camping supplies. Scuttling silently through the trees, I reach the sacks, my eyes remaining on the hobbits all the while. The older one places a hand on who I now assume is his nephew's shoulder. "You're forgetting something, my lad. Though I have scurried up a tree or two in my day, I'm afraid I don't know how to swim either." "I know that," replies his nephew. "But you could throw me a line if I start to drown." At that, uncle playfully shoves nephew away from the water. "Come on now, let's head home before Lobelia decides it's alright to make off with more of my silverware." The younger hobbit chuckles and starts to retreat from the riverbank. Grabbing something that resembled clothing, I tuck it underneath my arm. I had hoped to steal more, but the uncomfortable silence tells me that the pair are finished speaking. Carefully closing the satchel, I dive behind the trees without a moment to spare. Frodo I see a ten-year-old version of myself close his eyes and drink in gentle zephyr skimming off the water. I am standing at the bow of a wooden boat. My father is with me, but I cannot see his face. He holds an oar in his hand as we scour the river, which is blurry but appears to be the Brandywine. What are we looking for? Where is my mother? My father looks up and I discover that this man with the little boy is not Drogo Baggins at all. I am staring into my own eyes. "Frodo!" Uncle Bilbo's voice awakens me from my dream. I cannot decide if it should be classified as a nightmare, but the image was rather unsettling. "Frodo!" He comes sauntering into my chambers, with only one brace fastened, toting a thick book in one hand. Typical Uncle Bilbo. "Yes?" I say, rubbing my eyes. Sunlight streams in through the window. I welcome its presence on my face but nonetheless feel distressed. Have I overslept again? "Have you seen my old pair of breeches? The one with the patch on the knee?" He places a hand on his furrowed brow. "I could have sworn I brought them on our excursion." "You know I didn't take them," I tell him. "The waistband is far too wide for me." Uncle Bilbo knocks me on top of the head with his heavy book. Suddenly I have an idea. "But I'll go look for them for you!" I exclaim, perhaps a bit too excitedly. "Back to the Water? You'd do that for your old uncle?" He is already growing suspicious of me as I rise and dress to meet the day. I hurry to the pantry and grab some portable breakfast and second breakfast edibles, primarily fruit. Uncle Bilbo follows me, still behaving like a nervous wreck. "There's no rush!" he calls. "Stay and eat! It will take you hours to get to the island." "Exactly right," I reply. "That is why I must leave now." I am out the door of Bag End before Uncle Bilbo can utter another word. The Gaffer is already at work planting a splendid new array of blooms to celebrate the commencement of summer. A giggle and the sound of a child falling tell me that he has brought Sam with him today. "Hi, Mr. Frodo!" Sam stands up, popping out behind some bushes. "Where are you off to in such a hurry?" Despite my rush, it is only polite that I take a brief moment to compliment our gardener. "What dazzling choices, Gaffer!" I say. In fact, upon inspecting his arrangement, I realize that this particular variety of flower is altogether unfamiliar. "No time to explain now, Sam! I'll tell you all about it later," I yell over my shoulder, already forming a fictitious reason for my sudden departure should he hold me to that promise. Bounding down the stairs, I am on my way. As I walk through town, I greet the few relatives and friends who are awake and out of doors. I consider asking a friend to come along but think better of it; if I am to do this at all, it must be alone. Along my journey through the fields, I consume my first and second breakfasts consecutively (really I have only brought enough nutriments for one and a half breakfasts). When I am finished, I still have nearly an hour to travel, which leaves me alone with nothing but my thoughts. The real reason I came all the way out here was not to satisfy my uncle but was based in a more selfish motivation. Lately I have been having recurring thoughts and longings towards my parents that intensify whenever I spend time near water. My mind and heart have long accepted their deaths, but I fear there is no closure until I can accomplish something. I am going to learn how to swim, and if I do not succeed at least my attempt will not be in vain. Finally, I come to the long bridge over the Water, leading to the island where Uncle Bilbo and I camped a few days ago. It was a surprise to me when he suggested the outing, but I was obliged to take him up on it. I love Bag End dearly, but time immersed in nature draws me nearer to the written word, to Uncle Bilbo, and to my own soul. I cross the bridge in anticipation, and in little time I find the spot where my uncle and I visited. The river rolls along quietly here; minimal rocks and rapids make it the ideal place for beginners like myself. Before setting foot in the water, I scan around for the breeches if only to tell uncle that I endeavored to find them. No, they aren't behind these bushes. No, not buried in the sand. All right, I will search the roots of a tree he slept under but then it is time to swim . I offer the ground beneath the tree no more than a passing glance. Two glowing green eyes stare back at me in an expression of shock, which much mirror my own visage at the moment. Upon meeting my gaze the young lass immediately stands up. The top of her head reaches my eye level; the tallest female hobbit I have encountered, not to say I pay much attention to such matters. She smiles, looking travel-weary and slightly bruised but clean and refreshed. Her clothes look awfully familiar as well, complete with patched breeches, worn braces, and a splotchy brown shirt. It is quite uncommon to see a girl dressed like this. For some odd reason, I think of what to tell my uncle. Yes, I have found your breeches Uncle Bilbo, would you also like the lass who came with them? I suppose I have been staring for longer than I realize because all of a sudden she has extended her hand to me in greeting. "Hello, sir," she says meekly. "My name is Zinnia Riverbottom." "Frodo Baggins," I say, returning the gesture. "But I'm not sure I