So this is a one shot made by yours truly. No the plot aint mine...but i have permission to use it. So just review, so yeah! Disclaimer: I own nothing at all. Stephanie Meyer owns Twilight, all of it, even Edward (sobs quietly)All I do is simply play around with her characters, as though they are my puppets. (its actually quite fun!) I only own Old Woman and Old man. You will meet them later in the book. No copy right or fragment intended. All rights reserved. " Edward!" Alice calls out. I was playing a Debussy Sonata. I groaned but replied. " What?" I said. "Look what I found!" I got up and walked towards her. She was holding two very old and rusty looking books. I pried open the first page. It said 'property of Bella Swan, 1912'. "Put it back. Let's respect her privacy." "But she's dead," Alice complained. "Fine." She squealed out in joy. "Guys come in." They have already heard everything, due to their vampire hearing. It was almost impossible to keep a secret. Well, not for Edward. he was a mind reader. That actually helped alot, so he can escape when Alice plans another shopping trip. Oh dear god help us. "Let's read it!" Rosalie said. "I'll read first!" Alice complied. She cleared her throat and began. Hello Diary, My name is Isabella Swan, but I prefer to be called Bella. I am 10 years old. "So very young." Esme murmured. Alice continued. My best friends names are Angela and Edward. "Oooooh." Emmet yelled. Rosalie slapped the back of his head. "There are more then one Edward's in the world, smart one!" Emmet crossed his arms and pushed out his bottom lip. Oh no, not the puppy dog eyes. We all looked away. " Can I read now?" Rosalie said. Alice handed her the diary. Angela Webber is a smart and very fun person, when she wasn't shy. Edward Anthony Masen is very polite and but fun. He always nows how to make me laugh. "Edward hooks up at age 10!" Emmett laughed. He patted his back. Rosalie hit Emmett in the back of his head to silence him and he hissed out in pain. Esme took the book. Edward is coming over today and I can't wait. Now instead of that fuzzy felling I get when I'm around him, I get this weird tingling feeling and I suddenly am very shy. Do I like him? I don't know. Does he like me? I highly doubt it. Emmett wolf whistled. Carlisle was rubbing his chin in anticipation, while Esme played with her wedding ring. Jasper sat by Alice, with his hand intertwined in hers. Rosalie looked curious. Emmet was being just plain stupid. But Edward, well, he was still trying to remember who she was. "How do I forget?" He thought out loud. "Don't worry, I don't remember anything either." Alice reassured him. Jasper took the book from his hands and began to read. Today was a bad day. I came home from the Mistress's and tripped on my way into the house. "Walk like a lady." Her mother said. "You think I'm trying to trip." I asked. She shook her head. "Nonsense child. Stop sticking your head in a book all day and come help me." " I finished all my chores." I reminded her. She slapped me hard across my face. I went upstairs. I'll just wait till Edward gets here. As I remembered this, all my worries were gone. I would take a nap until Edward comes, then I will tell him what happened. My candle is running out. Good bye diary. I'll come back and tell you how it went with Edward tomorrow. Everyone was quiet. "How awful. Who hits there children?" Esme said. "I don't like the mom." Rosalie said. "Me either." Then everyone burst out laughing. Alice POV: We continued to read, but not without Edward trying to stop us. "Ok!" I yelled, trying to get their attention. "All in favor of continuing raise your hand." Everyone raised their hands except Edward. "Haha 6 to 1, Edward. Let's read! "Dear Diary, Today is my birthday; I am finally closer to Edward's age! But unfortunately, I came down with the sniffles (cold) and had to stay in bed. My loyal friend Angela had got me another diary, which was light blue, cased in leather and studded with artificial jewelry. I loved it! By the end of the day though I thought Edward wouldn't come. Again I had to go over to my window and close it; the cold wind air was always coming up. My mother didn't like Edward, she knew he was very polite, but thought that one day he would just burst. I knew differently. I would have to turn in soon and blow out my candle, looking up at my ceiling I noticed how torn up my old ceiling was. It was then I heard three rasps at my window. I expected it to be tree branch thumping against my window like usual so I ignored it. Then I heard a soft voice calling my name. What? I originally thought That voice belonged to someone- Edward! I ran to the window and opened it, he tumbled it. I tried to close the window but a gust of wind entered. Oh, I was really tired, but Edward came to me. He told me how my mother wouldn't let him in. Excuse my French, but oh dang it mother! Why must you ruin everything? He held something behind his back. I had gone to sit on my bed. He told me to close my eyes. "OOOOOO" Emmett yelled everyone shushed him. I firmly believe that Emmett was dropped on his head as a baby, which was the only logical excuse. I handed the book to Carlisle, whose turn it was to read. I remember closing my eyes and feeling something creamy but mushy, then opening my eyes. Oh! Edward had brought me a slice of cake. "This is delicious Edward!" I quote He simply nodded his head. He puts down the platter. I felt a little upset how he didn't take my thanks at first but let me quote our conversation to you. '"That wasn't your birthday present silly Bella."' He was twelve and I only eleven he seemed to forget that '"Then why did you bring the cake." I asked. "I heard you were sick." "And…." "I didn't want you to taste bad when I give you your birthday present. Now, close your eyes."' There, done how sweet is this of him I silently obeyed. Laying down on the bed, waiting for my present, peeked a little obviously. I felt a quick peck on my lips, and then he was gone. If he left, did that mean he didn't like me? I began to tear up a bit. Why did I cry over this? Edward appeared next to me; he wrapped his arms around me and shushed me. We both sat on the bed, I will quote again or I will do Edward Injustice. '"Now silly girl, why are you crying?" "I thought y-you left b-because you didn't l-like me." "Why would I do that?" "Because I am silly and as plain as sod. You should look at all the other girls." "Now, now silly Bella. Are you blind? At church, you basically have all the boys just drooling at you!" "So...still best friends?" "Forever and ever." ' When he intertwined his pinkie with mine and I felt complete again for a strange reason. The whole family laughed at Edward. "You were such a good boy Edward." Esme said. "Still don't remember?" I asked and he shook his head. Suddenly I had a vision, I saw a brunette girl, who looked a little like the girl on the diary cover. I looked at her eyes, what? They weren't brown as she described in the diary so beautifully, they were golden. I gasped aloud. The whole family looked at me. "What?" Esme said "Guys, I have something to say." Everyone perked up. "Bella." "Bella? What about Bella?" Edward asked curiosity evident in his eyes. "Bella's still alive." I said. "So, what it she? Like 95 years old?" Emmett boomed and he confirmed my 'dropped on the head suspicions.' "No, no, no." Edward looked at me in disbelief; he understood what I was going at. "Bella's a vampire." I finished. Everyone stared at me with their mouths open in shock. "And, she's moving to Forks." I said. "When?" Rosalie said. I checked back. "In around two months." Dear Diary, It has been 2 years since my birthday! I am now 13. Edward acted like he never even kissed me. Maybe he was to embarrassed? I am sorry I didn't right for so long. Mother took my book away. When she left the house, which she rarely does, I snuck back in and took the diary. My wretched mother, Renée had hit me many times with a wire rope. Today, I had went past the limits! But, it was worth it! I had barely seen Edward. Maybe once a month or so. One day it began pouring outside and Edward and I decided to play in the rain. We splashed each other for an hour. I had even gotten some mud in his mouth. With this, he pushed me to the ground. Gently, of course. When I got home, My mother was to disgusted to even slap me. So, she waited until I was done. I went downstairs and she waited with the rope. My father never knew about this of course. She began to whack my back, hard. From the window, I saw Edward approaching the house. Please don't come in, I thought, as my silent tears streaked my face. He did. "Get your filthy hands off of her!" He yelled. "How dare y-" She was interrupted as he took the rope from her hand and threw it to the side. He grabbed my hand and we ran out of the house. We entered his home, but no one was home. He was now 14 and I 13. Was it undignified to be alone? Oh well. When did I ever care? We sat down. There was nothing to do. He sat on the ground, and I sat across from him. I went into the kitchen to find something to eat for him. I heard his stomach growl. He came in. "What are you going to do?" He asked. "Make you some food." I replied. "Wait a second." "Yes,?" "What's tomorrow?" "The 25th of May. Why do you ask?" "Your birthday!" "Oh ya! I completely forgot! Wait, where are your folks?" "Oh um they went to Chicago. They will be there for about 2 months. My Father's an abolitionist. Any way, it's almost 11 pm! You need help cooking? "No thanks!" With that, I could only find bread and cheese. This will do for now. Till midnight I laughed at all his jokes, and we imitated the other kids. Around 11:55 I asked him where I would be sleeping. He said he would take the couch and I the bed. I got up and went up the stairs. We would be sleeping in the same room. Me, in the same room as a boy? Well... I got out of the rest room and tripped. I waited for the floor to hit my head. It never did. Edward had caught me. "Guess what time is it?" "Ummmmm" "12:00! It's your birthday and I have a gift for you!" "You know I don't like g-" M My voice was muffled as Edward kissed me. It wasn't like the one 2 years ago. This one was nice and slow and romantic. I almost melted in his arms. When we stopped, I noticed I was still in his lap. I was quiet. I didn't know what to say. "So..." I tried to think of