Summary: Hermione knows the rules better than anyone. She knows some things are better left unsaid— better left the way they are. She knows it is best not to over-think things like destiny, or the meaning of life. Or the reason Dumbledore left her this book full of children's tales. She knows all the bad things that happen to witches who meddle with time. Knows it's never a good idea to get involved with a teacher. Hermione knows the rules. The Invisibility Cloak: Chapter One It was just a dusty old tome. It did not have that familiar library scent most books had. It smelled like it had been sitting on the same, grimy shelf, for the past hundred years. The pages were worn, and the corners were bent. The binding was loose. It looked to be nothing special; just a collection of children's tales. Silly. Useless. And it drove her mad . There was a reason Hermione had not been sorted into Ravenclaw. She did not lack the drive; she lacked the imagination. She rejoiced in reality. Facts. She did not thrive on solving riddles the way she thrived on being able to recall text verbatim. She did not lack intuition, but it was not among her strengths. But this ? She tossed down the sodding lump of paper and ink with a huff. It landed with a soft thud on her sleeping bag as she threw her head back, cradling her aching brain between two delicate hands. This ? This was some next-level hell. What was the meaning? She knew Professor Dumbledore intended her to utilize this tool he left her. She was able to infer that much, at least. She stared at the ceiling of the Great Hall, trying to drown out the hundreds of sleeping people around her; trying to drown out the sight of the castle in ruins in her peripheral vision. Wishing she could move past this book, and just be glad Voldemort was finally defeated. But she could not. Clearing images of the dead from her mind, once more she recalled the story of the Deathly Hallows—the story of the three brothers and their three gifts from Death. She tried to imagine if she had not known of their existence, and came to the quick realization that it would not have made a bit of difference in the war. Professor Dumbledore left her this book for a reason though. He sketched that symbol for a reason. He meant for them to know of the Hallows, but for what purpose? He could have never known his wand would take up allegiance with Draco Malfoy. Could have never guessed Harry would disarm Malfoy, therefore becoming the owner of the Elder Wand. Did he only leave Harry with the Resurrection Stone as a fail-safe? Just on the off-chance that Harry really did wield the Elder Wand? Hermione shook her head. No . Dumbledore did not work on possibilities. He was meticulous and precise, and she knew there had to be more to it than that. Her heart stopped for a beat. Two. Three. Air filled her lungs as she bolted up right, her eyes wide as a long-forgotten memory filled her mind: It had been yet another wild year at Hogwarts. She had hoped to go home and not have to lie about how much danger she faced this term, but was beginning to think that being friends with Harry and Ron meant constant trouble. Nevertheless, she was ready to go home for the summer, and leave out all the details about almost being eaten by a werewolf, and freeing a most-wanted criminal. She would tell them it was a great term, and she had excelled at academics once again. Top of her class. Barely, she thought. She glanced down at the time turner in her palm as she approached the great gargoyle, outside Professor Dumbledore's office. She certainly was not going to do another year of classes with the time turner. It was too much to keep track of, and she had already aged a year beyond her classmates. If she kept it up, she would be in her twenties when she finished school at Hogwarts. She knew she would be better off to focus more energy on fewer classes anyway, and was more than happy to hand the time turner over. She climbed the stairs, only to see the door was already open for her. "Ah, Miss Granger," blue eyes peered across half-moon spectacles, "Come in. Sit. Lemon drop?" He gestured to the high-backed chair across from his desk. "No, thank you, Headmaster," she took her seat with a smile. Professor Dumbledore was always so warm and welcoming. She glanced past his shoulder to take a peek at Fawkes. She had read more about Phoenixes after Harry told her how Fawkes saved him in the Chamber of Secrets. Professor Dumbledore noticed her interest and said, "His feathers are a bit thin at the moment. He's nearing the end of this life. It usually happens around this time of year." She took a closer look, noticing he did look a bit frail, "I read they're quite rare. It's just incredible to be able to see him up close." Professor Dumbledore gave Fawkes an affectionate scratch under his chin. "Do I detect an interest in Care of Magical Creatures?" He inquired. She gave Fawkes one last look and then turned her full attention back to the Headmaster. "Actually, Sir, that's what I came to talk to you about. I don't think I can take as many classes next term." He nodded in understanding, almost as if he had expected as much. "I daresay, none of the other students at Hogwarts possess the integrity and drive to manage a similar course load and earn the marks you did. Well done, my dear." "Thank you, Sir," she gently pushed the time turner across his desk. She was surprised, however, when he pushed the tiny gold device back to her. "Keep it," he insisted, turning back to Fawkes, who burst into flames, "There may come a day you wish to go back and change something in the past." She hesitated, but accepted the offer, and placed it back in her pocket. "Thank you, Sir." She wanted to ask if he was sure, but he was Professor Dumbledore. Of course he was sure. "Life," he mused just as baby Fawkes began to crawl from the ashes, "Is such a mysterious phenomenon." He shot her a mischievous wink. The memory faded, and she struggled to breathe through the sudden adrenaline rush. Thoughts raced through her mind. Who was it that pulled her into his office, at a mere twelve years old, to discuss the possibility of using a time turner to take a full load of third-year classes? Who was it that insisted she sit hours upon hours that summer, learning all there was to know about time travel? Who, at the end of a year of practice using said time turner, told her to keep it? Was that why he had left the Resurrection Stone hidden in Harry's golden snitch? Had he wanted them simply to know that he was in possession of two Deathly Hallows, at the time of his death? If Professor Dumbledore was one invisibility cloak away from being alive, was it not her duty to go back in time and fix it? Hermione had never believed in destiny. She never believed in a greater purpose. But she had to wonder: was this what she was meant to do? Had Professor Dumbledore given her the tools and the experience necessary to take on this task? Bad things happen to witches who meddle with time. She knew that. She knew the rules. Was she willing risk it? If it meant saving so many others? Faces quickly flashed through her mind. Fred. Remus. Tonks. The list went on and on. There were so many factors to consider, and she carefully but quickly went through each one. She knew she would have to lay low, so as not to be seen by herself in the past, or anyone else. That was the number one rule of time travel. Don't be seen in two places at once. She knew her journey to the past had to remain secret, so she would have to find a way to sneak Harry's invisibility cloak to Professor Dumbledore. Sharing details about the future with him, or anyone else, could severely alter the future. A wave of anxiety rushed over her. She was risking everything they had accomplished, to save Professor Dumbledore. And everyone else, hopefully , she reminded herself. She knew Harry needed his invisibility cloak, and she would have a hard time getting it from him in the past. It played such a crucial role in the timeline; she could not take it from him. She decided the best plan was to take Harry's invisibility cloak now, in the present, and simply have it on her person when she used the time turner. That way Harry in the past would have his cloak, and she would have it too. With Professor Dumbledore in possession of all three Deathly Hallows, he would survive the curse on his hand. He would no longer require Professor Snape to prove his allegiance to the Dark, by pretending to murder him. She imagined Professor Snape and Professor Dumbledore could protect Hogwarts, and the students inside. And since Professor Snape would not have to appear to be on Voldemort's side, and would not have possession of the Elder Wand, he would not be killed by Voldemort for it. There's two lives saved , she thought. Voldemort would not have control of Hogwarts, so the final battle would not happen there. It would happen on their own terms: away from the children, and when they were prepared. She could drop subtle hints to Harry about where to find Horcruxes, if she needed to, but would otherwise lay low until the time turner caught back up to the present. She knew it was a risk. She knew anything could go wrong. But it felt worth it. It felt right. She went over it all once more in her head. She thought of the difficulty of the task; the impossibility of avoiding herself in the past, and the risk of going mad if she was to see herself on accident. She weighed the pros and the cons, and she knew, with certainty, that her entire life had been leading up to this moment. She reached for her beaded bag, quietly, so as not to disturb the others sleeping in the Great Hall. She whispered, " Accio time turner." She carefully crawled out of her sleeping bag, and gathered her things. She found Harry sleeping next to Ron and Ginny, and held her breath while she snuck his invisibility cloak from his pocket. The silvery material caught under his arm, and she gave it a gentle tug. He stirred in his sleep, and she froze. Her heart pounded in her chest as she gave it another gentle tug. He rolled to his side, and she dropped it on the ground in an instant. Ready to pretend like this never happened, and just climb back into her sleeping bag, to form a new plan. But he did not wake, and the cloak was no longer stuck under his arm. She collected the material, and made her way out of the Great Hall. She found an unlocked broom cupboard, close to where the stairs to the dungeons used to be. She stepped in, accidentally walking through a spider web. Normally, the feathery feeling of a spider web across her skin would give her uncomfortable chills, but she was too focused on her mission to care. She closed the door behind her and stood in the middle of the tiny room. She had her beaded bag on her hip, and her wand in her hand. She draped