P.O.V. Aangela I awoke to the sound of my iphone blaring Blank Space.I started to sing as I crossed my arms, and pulled my body downwards to a toe touch. Right when I was about to reach, a searing pain started from my back to my neck. "Wow, I'm stupid, I forgot I have Scoliosis" I muttered. I stood up, my back straight and my pain went away immediately.I took my phone set it down next the bathroom mirror and looked at myself in the mirror. My messy blonde hair was disheveled and my grey eyes sparkled with intelligence as I smoothed down my hair. I picked out a Purple sleeveless tee with jeans and a hoodie slipped over it.I took my phone out of the bathroom and saw a text from Jake. Fbaall_is_life:Hi Aangela, WISE GIRL:Hi, My sister being lazy this morning can u walk to school with me? I don't want to go alone :), Wow, I thought as I descended the stairs, Wonder why me, why not Blake or someone? I slipped my iphone in my pocket as I reached the kitchen and grabbed an apple and granola bar. " I'll walk to school, dad." I called out. I set off to school under normal circumstances . First I stopped at Jake's house to walk to school with him. I knocked on the door and his sister opened it. "Hi Justice, where's Jake" I asked. "Jake!" She hollered, " Aangela's here to see you". Jake came rushing down, clutching his backpack and shoes in each hand. "Hey, Aangela!" He grinned. His blond hair was a mess and his jersey was all crumbled up and wrinkled. "Don't you have football practice today" I asked, raising my eyebrows. "Nope!" He said "Mom, I'm going with Aangela to school!" "K HUN" Miss. Prestin called from the kitchen. I rolled my eyes, and grabbed his arm and sprinted for the school. "What's the rush" Jake said, panting "What's wrong, 'football player'" I asked "Touche'" Jake said. We made it to school, just as Paris' limo pulled into the curb. "Mean girls, 1:00" I snickered to Jake. Alissa,Alexia, and Paris came strolling out of their limo. Destiny and used to be part of their squad, but luckily, they turned over to us before harm could be ,Emily, Angelina, Destiny, ,,Blake ,Elijah,Austin,Joe ,and Nigel came barreling toward us. ,Blake,Austin, Elijah ,Joe and Nigel headed for Jake, while Hannah, Destiny, Angelina and Emily came toward me. "Soooo. What's with you and Jake? I saw a picture of you and Jake on Instagram " Emily,Alaina and Destiny asked in unison. "Nothing, we were just out for a concert with my dad and Jake suggested we take a selfie and he stole it from my hands to post it on instagram!" I said. I snuck a glance at Jake, and he caught my eyes and smiled back. Ahhhh. I like the ways his sea-green eyes and teeth sparkled when he smiled. I guess I looked at him too long and my friends started to get suspicious. "I knew it" Emily exclaimed." You" she lowered her voice to whisper so only all of us could hear and her blue eyes sparkled like purified water, "Like Jake!" "Yeah!" exclaimed. Everyone in the front of school stopped talking and stared at her. "What you staring at!" yelled. Everyone hesitated and went back to what they were doing. Emily slipped out her phone and her eyes changed from blue to friends an I took a step back and held our breath. But instead of getting mad, she ran over to me and sobbed into my shoulder. We surrounded her and asked her what was wrong. I snuck a glance at Blake and Jake, who looked at us with confused faces. "He-he-he, likes another girl,now I'll never have my chance!" She wailed into my shoulder. I had the feeling to go smack whoever that was in the face, as if she told me to do it and I would do it. I quickly shook that feeling away. I had to be there for my friend. "Who… Blake?" I asked, confused "What, he would never do that!" "Look-look at the picture on his Instagram!" She cried. We crowded around her phone. There was Blake, looking about to kiss another girl with blonde hair and blue eyes under a mistletoe. Paris! rolled up her sleeves. "Let me have a piece of him, Aangela!" "Not 'till I say go, Okay?" I whispered yelled at her, holding her back. "Fine" wailed at me. We huddled together. starts yelling "We should pound him!" "Lets take it slow," Destiny said, " Lets kick him in the gut then celebrate with donuts!" placed a hand on her shoulder. "We have to beat him up FULLY first! Then we'll get donuts!" "You" Angelina said, pointing at me. "Distract Jake, so he doesn't come to Blake's rescue." "Uhhh. Fine." I wanted to punch Blake!" I cried. Angelina stayed behind to comfort and Alaina stomped over Jake was and pulled him aside and held out my phone. "Whats this about?" I said through gritted teeth showing him the picture of Paris and Blake. "Yeah!" Alaina said. "Uhhh. thats his ex-girlfriend!" He said to me "Thats from thanksgiving party, they broke up over the weekend! Read the caption!" I read it. Oh No. She's not his now girlfriend! I rubbed my , I don't want to make Emily look dumb. "You" I said, pointing at Jake, " Go tell that, or, Blake's gonna have a black eye along with many other bruises that will not make him pretty." Jake finally glances at Blake,and his eyes widen and he pushes me aside. I scoff. What's wrong with him?I follow him and stop at where was telling off Blake. "You mess with Emily, you mess with me, Pretty Boy!" was said before swinging her arm and taking an aim for his . Blake crumbled down. "What did I do!" Blake wailed. I pulled aside. While Alaina tried to explain the situation to Blake and Jake "That picture on instagram, yeah, It was from a Thanksgiving party last week and they broke up over the weekend" I said, "Look at the caption, it says "Me and my girlfriend,Paris about to kiss under a mistletoe!" Then it says "Paris posted that when I wasn't looking and anyway, we broke up during the weekend" "I should probably say sorry to him." said looking up at the sky. "Uh, ya think!" I yelled at her She went over there and apologized to Blake and helped him up. "Uhh sorry about making you nose crooked." stuttered. Blake suddenly realizes that his nose is crooked and bleeding and Jake took him to the nurse. We headed back and stared at the floor Emily's eyes were color coded like- blue was really happy, green was normal, grey was sad, brown was on the verge of getting mad and black was pure rage. And right now, her eyes were angry brown, and I took a step back because anybody in the right mind would step away from eyes like that . "I told you, I take care of my own problems!" Emily said. "I don't butt in when you guys have problems" "Remember when Noah broke up with me?" Destiny and Alaina said. "That was different!" Emily said, sticking out her tongue. "Uhh no that wasn't"I said, sticking my tongue back at her. "Give me a second with Paris" said. She stepped out of our little 'circle' and headed over to where Paris my position, I saw Paris looking scared for her life and I snickered. Our principal, came up behind her and said, " What's going on here, and ?" I grabbed my friends wrists and ran up beside . "She's yelling at me!" Paris in My friends shook their heads. " Witnesses!, I need witnesses to prove you right" Mrs Robin hollered. No one, not even her evil posse stepped up to say the 'truth'.They just stared at her designer high heels, no doubt bought by Alissa. I looked at Jake, who flashed me and encouraging smile. "Paris,you are redeemed as a liar and shall stay for detention today" Mrs. Robin announced. Paris stood there, horrified, the whole time, as that 'secret' was announced to the my friends clapped for me as Alissa walked off in a huff. The bell rang so we headed for the school and each went for our lockers. Emily's, Mine, Angelina's,Destiny's and Paris's were stuck together. I silently groaned as Paris came walking over here. "Well, well, if it isn't miss know it all" She said. I stuffed all my stuff in my locker and fast-walked to my homeroom with Emily and Angelina, who are in homeroom with me, trailing behind. "Bye" I called to Destiny as I hid myself under my hoodie. I was heading to lunch with Angelina behind me when I heard a chorus of screams. I knew all those screams. They were my friends. " Angie! thats our friends!" I whispered-yelled at her. P.O.V. Jake All was well until a big black dog pounced at me and my friends from behind. Me and all my friends were standing at the cafe` waiting for Aangela. I heard a scream as an enormous black dog came barreling down the hallway. Two seniors came barreling after it, one a girl and the other a boy. The girl was cute, in a intelligent way, with startling grey eyes, like Aangela, and blond hair, pulled back into a ponytail. The boy on the other hand, had black,glossy hair and sea-green eyes with a bronze sword in one hand and both were wearing identical orange shirts with jeans and clay beads strung through a leather string on their necks. We ran for cover behind the girl and the boy and they fought on without us. The boy at one point lost his sword and was fighting hand in hand with the dog until, mysteriously, it appeared in the air and he grabbed and with one more slash at the neck, the black dog burst into gold dust and the boy crumpled from exhaustion and the girl called out " In my bag there's a canteen full of a thick,yellow liquid, and squares of what looks like brownies, can you get that for me?" Out of nowhere, Aangela popped out and grabbed the canteen and the brownies before we even had the chance to. "Thanks" the girl said to Aangela. "In case you were wondering, My names Annabeth Chase and this is Percy Jackson." Sophia said Annabeth poured the thick,yellow liquid in Percy's mouth. Then she fed him the brownies. He coughed and stirred. "What's going on?" Percy asked "Wait hold on a second" Annabeth began. "Well,how do I say this" she began rubbing her neck, " You're a demigod." She said, calm and collected. "Wait,I learned about this in class!" Aangela exclaimed. "A demigod is half-human and half-god,right?" "Aangela!" Emily,Destiny ,Angelina ,Tobey ,Hannah ,Blake, Joe, Nigel , and me said in unision. "Good, but we prefer half-blood" Annabeth said-all intelligent-like "How do know who our parentage is?" I asked. "You get claimed by them in a hearth" She answered. "You were supposed to get claimed when you were 13, because Jackson here told the Gods to promise to claim their children at 13." She said. We all stared at Percy. He just shrugged. "Well, if you want to know you godly parentage, come with me to Camp Half-Blood, where greek demigods get claimed." She said "Don't roman gods have kids too?" Blake asked. "Yes and they go to Camp Jupiter! no more questions okay, I need to bring you to Camp H-B" Annabeth yelled, clearly exasperated. "What about our stuff? last question!" Destiny said, backing away. "You'll get it, just not now" Percy sputtered. Just then, My mom and Angela's dad bolted from the entrance. " Jake, here's all your stuff, I packed it for you" My