- Prologue - A fortnight after the Final Battle, Harry received a cryptically worded summons for an audience at Gringotts: Dear Mr Potter, Your presence is requested for a secret and private reading of the last will and testament of someone who wishes to remain anonymous until the reading of the will. You are to tell no one about it, as the identity of your benefactor is an extremely sensitive matter. The deceased has made you the heir and sole beneficiary of their estate. This is a confidential matter which is to remain confidential even after the reading of the will. To attend the reading, you must accept these terms. If you accept, please sign below and come to Gringotts tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock. At the bottom of the page was a space for Harry's signature, along with the addendum that upon signing the letter, he would henceforth be bound to a magical contract that would prevent him from revealing the information contained within. Harry stared at the parchment in his hand and frowned. Who would name him as their heir and the sole beneficiary of their estate? And who would want him to keep that information confidential? Dumbledore would probably have been the most likely candidate but his will had already been read and executed. Was it someone from the Order? Not Lupin, surely. Remus would have made Teddy his heir, not Harry. Mad-Eye? Maybe. He didn't have any children and he had cared about Harry, to the point of being overprotective even. Or ... could it be ... Snape? It was possible, Harry thought, as he scanned the contents of the Gringott's letter again. Unlikely, but possible. Snape was exactly the sort of person who would leave such mysterious and meticulously calculated instructions about the reading of his will. And who else but Severus Snape would insist on such secretive measures? Harry deliberated for a while, leery of signing anything that would constitute a binding magical contract. But in the end he knew there wasn't really a choice. It would just be another secret he'd have to keep. He grimaced at the thought of the other secret, the one he knew he could never tell to another living soul: he was once again in possession of the three Deathly Hallows. After the Final Battle, he had fully intended to return the Elder Wand to its previous resting place and to leave the Resurrection Stone in the Forbidden Forest where he'd dropped it. But after thinking about it further, he realised the disastrous consequences that could happen if he left two of the Hallows in places where they could easily be found. He certainly hadn't asked for it but there was no getting around the fact that he was the one who had successfully united the Hallows, and like it or not, he was now the master of Death. As such, it was his responsibility to keep the Hallows safe. And so it was that the evening after the Battle, Harry slipped on his Invisibility Cloak and returned to the Forbidden Forest, Elder Wand in hand, and used a Point Me spell to find the Resurrection Stone. Ron and Hermione had gone to the Burrow with the Weasleys, but he'd begged off, telling them he was going to return the wand then go to Grimmauld Place to get some much-needed sleep. It didn't take him long to find the stone, which only seemed to confirm that he was right to get it back. Once he'd retrieved it, he walked to Hogsmeade and Apparated straight to London, then put the wand and the stone in a box and warded it with every protection spell and enchantment he could think of. As a final safeguard, he spelled it so it could only be opened with a command in Parseltongue. And that was another secret. He was still a Parselmouth. Apparently not all of Dumbledore's theories were correct. Perhaps it was a natural gift and Harry had been born with the ability to speak the language of serpents, or if he did indeed gain the ability to speak it because he had been Voldemort's horcrux, maybe it was a language that once learned, couldn't be forgotten. In any case, it wasn't something Harry wanted anyone to know - not even Ron and Hermione. He just wanted to be normal for a change ... or at least pretend to be. Besides, there was a far bigger issue to take into account. Now that Dumbledore and Voldemort were both dead, the wizarding world would likely consider Harry to be the most powerful wizard in Britain, if not the world. Whether it was a deserved assumption or not, it was what people were going to think, and Harry knew it. He would have to be very careful about the public's perception of him, more than he ever had before. He knew all too well that public opinion changed fast and swung from one extreme to the other, particularly when it came to him. Harry might be a hero again right now, but he knew it would just be a matter of time before people would begin focusing less on the fact that he defeated Voldemort and more on the assumption that he was the most powerful wizard in Britain, and therefore, a wizard to be feared. When things settled down, he was sure it wouldn't be long before the public started watching him with mistrust and suspicion, looking for any sign that he might be the next Dark Lord in the making. Being a known Parselmouth would only cause trouble for him. So Harry lied and told his friends that he lost the ability to speak Parseltongue when Voldemort cast the killing curse on him and destroyed the soul fragment that gave him the aptitude in the first place. That first night at Grimmauld Place was the hardest. Thankfully, the house was intact and unharmed - Harry had spoken to Kreacher at Hogwarts after the Battle and had been surprised to learn that the house was still safely protected under the Fidelius Charm; when asked what happened with Yaxley, Kreacher explained that he had been at the house when the Death Eater appeared, and he had Apparated Yaxley out immediately and Obliviated him of the memory of its location, therefore keeping the location of number twelve a secret. Harry was glad to be home again, but he'd just seen Sirius in the Forest only hours before and the pain of losing him all over again was overwhelming. He couldn't bear the thought of staying in his godfather's old room so he decided to take Regulus' bedroom as his own. Despite being exhausted, he couldn't sleep. His mind kept replaying memories of the Battle, over and over; and he couldn't stop thinking about his parents, and Sirius, and Lupin and Tonks, and Fred, and Snape, and all the others who'd died in the battle. When he did sleep he had strange, restless dreams about the younger Tom Riddle at Hogwarts and Voldemort in the graveyard at Little Hangleton. It was a long night. Hermione showed up the next morning, looking pale and drawn, and asked if she could stay with him for a few days. Though she and Harry were considered honourary members of the Weasley clan, neither wanted to intrude on the privacy of the grieving family who were only just beginning to mourn the devastating loss of Fred. Guilt had taken a firm hold of Harry by that point and he confided to Hermione that he wasn't sure he could bear to face anyone, especially the Weasleys. After all, it was his fault that Fred died in the first place. It was his fault that Lupin and Tonks were dead and that Teddy was now an orphan. "How can you think that?" Hermione had said, aghast. "It was Voldemort's fault, not yours!" Harry responded by whispering the words that Voldemort had spoken, the words that would be forever imprinted on his soul: "You have permitted your friends to die for you rather than face me yourself ." "No, Harry! It was war, and death is an inevitable part of war," she'd said. "You can't save everyone. It's not possible. You couldn't have saved Fred or Lupin or Tonks ... or any of them. And it wasn't up to you, don't you see? They all chose to fight, and they knew what they were getting themselves into. We all did. It was their choice. Don't take that away from them. To blame yourself is to dishonour their bravery and their sacrifice." He'd nodded, not wanting to argue. Intellectually, he understood what she was saying. But he felt like he had failed. Yes, he'd defeated Voldemort in the end, but the cost was so unbearably high. He didn't think he would ever be able to forgive himself. Ron and Ginny came over a few hours after that conversation. The moment Harry saw them, whatever control he'd had up until then shattered. Hermione must have seen it because she immediately stepped in, quietly explaining that Harry needed time to process everything that had happened. "He died," she reminded them, her voice grim. "No one can understand what he went through, not even us." Both Ron and Ginny tried to approach Harry then, but all he could do was shake his head and cover his face with his hands, unable to speak or even look at them. Distantly, he could hear Hermione whispering words like "survivor's guilt" and "post traumatic stress" but he barely registered what she was saying. At that moment, he felt like the worst kind of coward. Immobilised by the torrent of emotions that had taken possession of him, he could only sit there, frozen, as Hermione went on: "I think it's all just caught up with him now. Considering what he's been through, I'm sure he must be suffering from the after-effects of physical, emotional and magical shock. We have to protect him. He needs quiet, and time and space to recuperate. Everyone is going to want to bombard him with questions that he isn't ready to answer. They'll expect too much from him and you know how he is when it comes to that. He'd wear himself out trying to be what they want him to be." The whispers grew quieter then he heard her say, "No, you two should be with your family. Your mum and dad need you. George needs you. I'll stay here and look after him." Harry felt a steady hand on his shoulder a moment later. "Mate," Ron said softly. "I understand. You take all the time you need and don't you dare for one second blame yourself for anything. Fred - " Ron's voice broke suddenly but then he cleared his throat and continued, "Fred would never forgive you if he knew you were blaming yourself." Ginny was next. "Harry?" she whispered. He tried to look at her but couldn't. "Don't worry about anything right now," she said. Harry wanted to wince at her overly bright tone. He had lost a friend, but they had lost their beloved brother. Neither should have to burden themselves with trying to comfort him. "You just take care of yourself, all right?" He managed to nod in response. Then Hermione led them away. Hermione was a godsend, helping him get through those first few terrible days. When the surviving Order members came to check on him, she held them off, telling them that he was recovering from a curse inflicted during the Final Battle and that the private Healer who was looking after him had issued the strict decree that he was not to be disturbed under any circumstances. She made it her mission to take care of all the practical matters that most needed to be addressed: first, a public statement of hope and reassurance from Harry to the wizarding world and second, two interviews, for The Quibbler and