Chapter 1 I didn't ask for any of this to happen to me. I never expected to be someone special. I stopped dreaming of happy endings and where life would take me years ago. Those kinds of thoughts were reserved for my sister. With such a kind, warm heart, she deserved everything she wished for. The only thing I dreamed about was being able to give her that opportunity. My name is Katniss Everdeen. I live in a small house in Minnesota not too far from the borders with the Dakotas. I am Dakota – as in, an enrolled member of the Sioux Nation. I don't live on a reservation. My family left the rez when my mother was a teenager. My father grew up in poverty on the Rosebud reservation in South Dakota. He was the bravest, strongest, kindest man I ever knew. He left the rez when he turned 18 to join the military so that he could afford an education at NDSU. He worked as a pilot and cartographer, and enjoyed the chance to travel to new and exciting places and learn about different people and their cultures. He met my mother when he was 29 years old at a powwow in Minneapolis, and when she saw him dance and heard him sing, she knew she was a goner. They married about a year later, and a few years after that, they had me. My sister Prim came 4 years later. I know some kids become jealous when they have to welcome a new baby brother or sister and share the attention, but I couldn't be happier. My sister was my best friend before she could sit up or even rollover. As she grew, my opinion of her only increased. She looked more Indian than me – beautiful dark brown almond eyes and soft, straight hair that she always wore in two braids, perfect smooth skin. Our mother was a halfbreed – her father was a white man with pale skin, pale eyes, and dusty blond hair. My mother didn't look much like him except for her skin that was a couple shades lighter than most of ours. The thing that made me stand out, that I used to wish away all the time as a young girl, were my big grey eyes. Against my dark hair and skin, they stood out easily, they gave away that I wasn't fully native; I wanted brown eyes like the rest of my family. I expressed this once when I was about 9 years old to my sister while she was braiding my hair before bed, and she spent the next half hour talking about how much she admired my unique eyes. After that, I slowly learned to accept all of myself, just as I am. And perhaps the biggest part of me was my connection with nature – wakan Tanka – the creator. From a young age, my father would wake me up early on Sundays and we would drive to the lake to pick up my grandpa. My grandpa would begin the day by telling me a story or a joke, or a mix of both, that didn't always make sense to me and that he'd never explain when I asked. He'd quiz me on the different trees and animals and what they could do. Most times, we would go fishing until Grandpa started nodding off in the boat and snoring (loudly). I would always whistle really loud and he would wake with a start, all confused, and my father and I would laugh and laugh as we headed back to the shore. These were some of my favorite childhood memories. The best day though, was when it was starting to get cold out the year of my 8th birthday. Grandpa said he had a surprise for me, and when I asked what it was he responded with some kind of riddle about a snake and an eagle that I didn't understand. It turns out, they were taking me hunting – hunting! – with a bow and arrow. They said before I could actually hunt, I needed to learn how to handle the weapon and practice on my aim. They taught me the meaning of the activity that our people had thrived on for generations before the wasicu came and tried to kill all of the buffalo. Over the next several weeks I grew more comfortable with the bow and Grandpa and Father decided they'd take me hunting for real. When my father shot down a deer, we carried it back to the truck and off to an old man they called Ripper to "dress" it. It turns out, that meant skinning it, preparing all the meat and making us a big bag of jerky that a salty snack we enjoyed throughout each winter. My first encounter with racism was when my school friend, Madge, invited me to her birthday party. Madge had beautiful curly blonde hair and eyes as blue as the summer sky. She had invited all the girls from our class to her house to play games in her backyard jungle gym and have cake and ice cream. The other girls started to play a game where one girl, Maddie, proclaimed herself the queen of the jungle gym and dubbed Madge and another girl her beautiful princesses. She started handing out titles to all the other girls, and when she got to me she said "slave." I didn't understand why I had to be the slave, and I said so. Maddie turned to me and said "my mama says dirty Injuns aren't smart enough to do anything more than drinkin' and causin' trouble. Savages don't get to be princesses." I stood there shocked; no one had ever so blatantly made me feel different, had told called me a savage just because I looked different from them. Madge then spoke up saying this was her party and she wants me to be a princess with her. Maddie scoffed and whispered (loud enough for me to hear) that Madge was too good to be friends with a redskin . After that I didn't try to fit in with the other white girls at school. Madge stayed persistent and refused to stop being my friend no matter what Maddie or her friends said about it. And we grew up like that, slowly weaning away from the other girls our age and just being us, best friends. Madge was different from me – girlier, afraid of bugs and snakes and stuff, but I didn't mind just as she didn't mind about who I was. She helped keep me from getting too resentful of the other more fortunate kids all around us. My other best friend was a boy I met on the rez named Gale. Gale's father was on some kind of committee and knew my father from when they were young. Sometimes my father, grandpa, and I would join him and his father on Sundays to fish or hunt. Afterwards, grandpa would insist that we go to Denny's for a big breakfast and let me get a big stack of pancakes. Gale's father and mine would discuss the current goings-on of the tribe while Grandpa would tell Gale and me stories that never seemed to have real endings. He would always stop in what seemed like the middle and nod to himself like he'd spoken something profound while Gale would roll his eyes and I would pester him that there must be more. He would just laugh at me and say I was just like my Grandmother. I never met her, so I didn't know if that was supposed to be a good thing. Once, when we were 15, I brought Madge with me to a spring powwow where they were making lots of frybread and buffalo chili and even had a whole tray of peanut butter cookies. When we got there, Gale looked at Madge like she had just kicked his grandmother. I shrugged it off and led Madge to the cookies. A little while later, Gale pulled me aside and asked me "why the hell" I brought a white girl to the rez. I explained to him that she was my friend and I didn't care if she was white and he snapped at me white people were only nice to Indians out of pity. He said they'd pretend to be nice and then when you trusted them they'd take everything from you. I told him Madge wasn't like that and he called me naïve. He rolled his eyes and ran away to play basketball with the other boys while I stood there wondering how Gale could say those things about her when he didn't even know her. A few months later, my dad was out bartending at a little place a couple miles away that was mostly frequented by other Indians and a few friendly white locals. Around this time, the fracking industry was really taking off in our area in the northern plains. This mean a lot of white folks from places like Texas and Louisiana were moving to our town to work for the oil and gas companies looking to make a lot of money off of the resources. On this particular night, a group of these guys decided to check out the restaurant where my dad was working. They sat down at the bar with a haughty air about them and started shooting whiskey. Somehow a fight began between them and my father suffered a blow to the head the killed him. At least that's what the police told us a few days later when my mother was worried sick waiting by the phone for Dad to call. I was devastated. My dad seemed unbreakable to me. I couldn't believe he had died from a fight – or that he would even be in a fight like that. I missed school for two weeks after that, spending most of it crying, not even bringing myself to go outside to my favorite tree or sit by the creek. My mother took it even worse. When Prim asked questions about how and why this happened, she would give vague answers or not respond at all. She spent most of the time lying in bed, staring at the empty space beside her and not moving. I grew worried that she was sick too; Prim and I tried to coax her out to eat something but she wouldn't budge. Prim just kept bringing her peanut butter sandwiches and crackers and tea and fed them to her while she stared blankly at nothing in particular. I started to grow angry with her. Why wouldn't she get up? Why didn't she try to take care of us? Why did she act like she didn't hear me? One afternoon I snapped and started yelling at her until there were tears in my eyes. I ran out of the house and to the abandoned barn that was near the tree I loved to climb. I slumped to the ground and cried with my head tucked into my knees. I don't know how much time had passed when I heard something moving next to me. I immediately looked up and saw what had to be the world's ugliest, dirtiest cat sitting there. I scoffed and made to shoo it away when a thought came to me; Prim adored animals and if I brought one home it just might give her something to do to cheer her up. So I took off my sweatshirt and snatched the thing up in it and brought it home to her. She squealed and a few tears came to her eyes as she whisked him away to wash him. Within a week she had that thing looking like a picture of health. Prim had a gift that way. With time my mother started coming out of her room to eat more. One afternoon, we were all