hysteria (n.) exaggerated or uncontrollable emotion or excitement, especially among a group of people. "District Two is always allied with One and Four," Enobaria warns her as Clove's getting ready for the day, pulling her hair back into a tight ponytail and shoveling food in her mouth in a way that has her escort wincing. "And?" she asks around a mouthful. Their escort shudders and excuses herself hastily. Enobaria fixes her with a cold glare. "So even though you despise the girl from One, you need to play nice." "At least until you're in the arena," Brutus adds. "Once you've dispatched the weaker tributes, you can go ahead and kill her. Make it long. The audience loves to see the packs split apart." He's clearly thrilled at the idea, licking his lips unconsciously, and Clove grimaces. "If you even last that long, Clove," Cato chimes in with a sneer. "You won't be able to keep up. Don't expect us to wait for you." "Who's this 'us', Cato? You'll die first just for being obnoxious," Clove snaps back. Before he can retort, Enobaria snarls in a way that reveals the pointed edges of her teeth. They were doing this sort of back-and-forth even at the Reaping, and it's obvious they're old friends, but Enobaria's grown quite capable at halting the arguments before anything truly nasty can be said. The tributes are silenced and Enobaria speaks. "Work together with your allies, then turn on them. It's a well-known recipe because it works . Individually, what are you?" She eyes Clove's quick yet diminutive frame, Cato's brawn-in-place-of-brain. "Weak. Average. Forgettable. By providing the audience with some drama, you will become beloved once you win." "Worked for me," Brutus interjects from his place on the couch. "Have you seen those Capitol women? They go crazy for true victors." He grins lasciviously at nothing in particular and Clove fervently hopes he doesn't begin reminiscing. Enobaria rolls her eyes but keeps her attention on the tributes. "It also worked for me. In case you haven't noticed, I'm somewhat of a celebrity in the Capitol, as opposed to a spectacle ." She glares at Brutus, but he doesn't seem to notice. "If you truly want to win the Games, you'll follow my advice. After all, I've already lived through this." Clove bristles but is otherwise silent. She wants to win, craves it like morphling. Victory isn't sweet, not to her. Victory tastes like dying screams and the light from long-dead stars and blood boiled in the sun until it's just a metallic residue in her mouth. She looks at Cato. He'd taste like victory, she thinks, and licks her lips. A few hours later, they're in the Training Center, and Clove has never been more annoyed. She's used to Cato's needling, but there's something intangibly irritating about the giggly, gorgeous tribute from One- seriously, what kind of a name is Glimmer? Maybe it's the way Glimmer is clinging to Cato's arm and blushing in a manner that has to be forced because she's certain no one can smile that prettily while embarrassed unless they've practiced the action. Perhaps it's the way Glimmer's partner, the equally-poorly-named Marvel, alternates between watching Glimmer gloomily and utterly failing at any of the stations he's tried, besides spears. Or possibly it's the way her own District partner is smirking as Glimmer flirts outrageously with him and tells him one stale anecdote after another. He laughs at all of them. Clove scowls, sets down her spear (Marvel was beating her anyway), and storms over. "Hey, Cato," Clove calls. He turns around, only reluctantly tearing his gaze away from Glimmer's not-quite-regulation top. She's about ready to start bantering with him again, to remind him who his best friend since grade school is, when Glimmer lays a territorial hand on his chest and smiles sweetly. "Oh, forgive me," she says in a voice apparently meant to be seductive. "Have we met? I'm Glimmer." "Clove. I met you this morning." Her voice is high, cold, flat unlike Glimmer's lilting purrs. "Gosh, I'm sorry. I guess I forgot." There's no apology in her tone, and her beam is a little jagged around the edges. Clove bristles at the insinuation- you're not important enough for me to remember. "No, I wouldn't expect you to," Clove replies in a voice perhaps a touch too dry to be the politeness it masquerades as. "Cato, come on. We've been at this station for an hour already. Don't you want to get to the wrestling station in time?" Before Cato can answer, his eyes narrowed as he glances between the females, Glimmer responds. "Oh, wrestling?" she chirps. "That's my talent! Come on, Cato, let's go!" She pulls at his arm, and he shrugs and follows her. Clove trails behind them, wondering crassly if Glimmer could find a more sexual talent. Glimmer wasn't lying about being talented at wrestling, and that alone is enough to make Clove scowl. She isn't terrible herself, but her own lack of height and muscle means she's lacking compared to bulky Cato and tall, curvy Glimmer. She's forced to admit Glimmer isn't quite as ornamental as she'd thought when the blonde manages to flip Cato onto his back and pin him down within minutes, a feat Clove can't even contemplate. She's realized that Glimmer isn't stupid because she's pretty, just as Clove's not weak because she's small. "How do you get your makeup so perfect?" Clove asks Glimmer one day. She's set down her beloved knives for once and leans against the wrestling arena, watching as Glimmer leaps down, barely breathing hard as her opponent wheezes and chokes on something vile behind her. For once, her voice is curious, maybe envious, rather than the bitter, snippy tones she's directed towards the blonde lately. Maybe that's because Glimmer's stopped hanging around Cato and instead has been working with her own partner. Glimmer takes the towel handed to her by a shaky trainer and dabs delicately at her face. She hasn't even broken a sweat. There's a pause as she evaluates the girl, perhaps two years her younger, measures the sincerity of the olive branch. "I can show you, if you'd like," she finally responds. "It isn't very complicated. You just need to have quality makeup- and the Capitol has the best." She tosses away the towel and holds out an arm. Clove tentatively links arms with Glimmer and the two begin to walk blatantly out of the Training Center, leaving Cato and Marvel bemused in their wake. They return twenty minutes later, and now they're both giggling, Clove so hard she's pulling on Glimmer's arm as Glimmer talks breathlessly about some anecdote. Finally Clove composes herself and wipes away a tear, and Cato stares. She's still Clove, still pale and freckled and small, but there's a flush to her cheeks that certainly wasn't there before and her eyes are huge and impossibly dark and her lips are bloodred as she smirks when she catches his eye. That sets the two of them off again, and this time it's Glimmer who nearly pulls Clove down with her, shoulders hunching as she laughs. Some of the other tributes turn at the sound, a lightness that permeates the dim Training Center, and Marvel glares at them and they blanch and turn away. "Clove, what…" Cato can't find any words to express her transformation into the starlit creature that blinks at him. Glimmer answers for her. "I helped Clove with her makeup, and now she's going to teach me how to throw a knife." She waves cheerfully as they stroll away. Clove's known for being overprotective at best when it comes to her favorite weapon, but somehow she's patient and generous with Glimmer as she shoos away the assigned trainer and begins to instruct her herself. She's more than a little horrified to hear that in One, trainees are taught how to master one specific style of fighting and nothing else. Glimmer's unbeatable in hand-to-hand combat, but give her a distance weapon and she's clueless. Clove counts herself lucky that she was in Two, that she at least knows how to handle a sword and a trident. Several hours pass, and whatever strange truce they've formed still hasn't ended in passive-aggressive comments like Cato had bet Marvel. Glimmer can hit the target consistently and the bullseye often, and she's just started working on moving targets when it's time for lunch. Clove and Glimmer look at each other, shrug, and eschew eating in favor of more knife throwing. Marvel only shakes his head. "Crazy bitches, the both of them. Hate each other right up until they're best friends," he tells Cato as he fills his tray with delicious Capitol food. Cato, his thoughts consumed by crimson grins and fierce green eyes, is silent. It's time for interviews and Clove is quietly nervous. If Enobaria hadn't drilled into her the importance of appearing collected, she'd be pacing like some of the weaker-willed tributes as they wait for their name to be called. Glimmer is first to go. She gives Clove a hug, not even caring if her curls are rumpled, then flashes a dazzling grin as she strides onto the stage. She's stunning in a sheer gold gown that glistens off her tanned skin, and the crowd goes wild as she waves and blows a kiss. Caesar seats her, and the interview begins. Clove can barely focus on it, only noticing that Glimmer's angle is flirtatiously charming. Marvel goes, and she watches as he bumbles through his amiable angle with a grin on his face. She prays she doesn't freeze, hopes someone shoots her if she does. Then Marvel leaves the stage looking all too relieved to be done and it's her turn. She stands on shaking legs and, after a glance to Cato, follows her guide until she's on the stage. Clove drowns beneath the bright lights. Her dress is orange and shimmers playfully with every step she takes, all girlish ruffles and a strange contrast to the heels she's too young for. She blinks a few times, feeling how heavy her lids are beneath layers of bone-colored eyeshadow and enough false lashes to create a light breeze. She smiles beneath a layer of pale pink lipstick, remembers how gorgeous she looked in red, and plots to kill her stylist even as Caesar welcomes her to the stage. Her interview is a blaze of small talk, to which she responds honestly if not with interest. Clove is sweet and sarcastic and just a tiny bit arrogant as soon as the questions ramp up, and she can feel the crowd's excitement ramp up the more biting comments she makes. Finally Caesar lets her leave. Her legs shake, but she forces herself forwards in her ridiculous heels anyway. She finds Glimmer and sits beside her, noticing how pale the other girl is beneath her makeup. The heel of her stiletto taps out a beat that's uneven and rapid against the tiled floor even though she's outwardly calm. But before Clove can offer sympathy, receive some of her own, Cato's walking on the stage. She watches with her heart in her throat as he's bloodthirsty, brutal on the stage. The audience loves it, loves him. She lets out a breath she hadn't realized she was holding as he shakes Caesar's hand, leaves the stage. Glimmer gives her a reassuring smile and a knowing wink as Clove slumps against her chair. Killing should be much easier than this, she decides as Cato joins them and Marvel leans forward to start the discussion about the other tributes. Together they decide that the tributes from Four will be included just as a cursory acknowledgement of the traditional alliances. They're both utterly forgettable, miserable people without even the slightest trace of charm or skill. Glimmer, who has both, wrinkles her nose when Marvel suggests keeping them around as human shields a little longer. Clove can't help but agree with her. Three