A/N: This is fluffy and ridiculous and probably the crackiest thing I've ever written and I'm not ashamed of it, not at all. Italics are Glimmer's texts and normal is Clove's. Canon ages for pretty much everyone are changed to fit. No, the second pairing in the summary is not a misclick of Marvel. I'm nearly positive this is the first Glimmer/Madge fic, like, ever , and I never ever thought it would work at all but I'll defend it to the death if need be because they're absolutely precious. When Clove was a bold little girl with all of four years to her name, she stole the toy of another little girl with a quick smile and quicker fists. That's the best mistake she ever made. - ok so - last night - i met a boy - Glim you don't even like boys - not like that - but anyway - we were talking - hes a year below us - and apparently hes dating katniss's little sister's bff - Wait, how old is he? - Isn't her sister, like, eight? - nooooo - she's sixteen - katniss just thinks shes still a baby - which shes not - remember how awful we were when we were sixteen ? - How could I forget - You spent half the year dating some boy who always tried to look down your shirt because his older brother gave him booze - Cheap booze - yeah - that was a mistake - That was also only two years ago - You're not old and wise or something now - stop interrupting - Sorry - no ur not - but i love u anyway - Love you too - so anyway - im talking to this kid - hes foreign - from missouri or something - idk - Missouri is a state - That isn't foreign - Did you even pass geography? - shhh - but hes coming to finnicks party this friday - and hes bringing his cousin down from missouri - hes gonna be a transfer student next yr - he showed me a pic of him - Is there a point to this story - just let me finish - Fine - anyway - let me tell you clove - this boy is HOT - I don't believe you - You don't have a great track record with guys - girls are easier - but anyway - REALLY HOT - u have to meet him in person - im making u go to that party - I hate parties - i dont care - REALLY HOT Glimmer smears some sort of paste on Clove's face as she squirms and tries to pull away. "That stuff is vile , Glim," she complains loudly, wrinkling her nose and thrashing helplessly as the blonde pins her against the mirror. "If you'd just stop struggling, it would already be over," the other girl retorts, wrapping an arm around Clove in a headlock while she reaches blindly back for the dresser with the other. Her fingers close on a tube, and Clove immediately redoubles her efforts to escape once she sees what it is. "Oh my god, calm down! A little mascara isn't going to kill you!" "You say that," she wheezes, scrabbling at Glimmer's arm- god , she needs to work out more; this is pathetic. "It looks like a carcinogen." Glimmer snorts. "You say that about everything . It's like you enjoy ruining my life." She pitches her voice so high Clove tries to clamp her hands over her ears. "'Don't eat that steak, Glim!' 'Stay pale forever, Glim!' 'Don't sniff that asbestos, Glim!'" "I sound nothing like that," she protests. Glimmer just laughs. While Clove was cringing at her imitation, she finished her makeup. "So, tell me about this supposedly gorgeous boy," Clove says a few minutes later, leaning against the base of the bed as Glimmer leans in close to the mirror to draw on thick wings of kohl. She's holding a bottle of sky blue nail polish and carefully applying it to her toes with a surgeon's precision, tongue poking out the side of her mouth as she concentrates. Glimmer squeals and caps the wand quickly, whirling around so that the pale pink petals of her dress flutter up around her thighs. "He's so cute, Clo, you're just going to die when you see him! I mean, from what I saw in the picture Marv showed me, he's super tall and really built. I know you're particular about hair-" "That's an understatement," Clove sniffs. "Good hair is important." "- but I don't think you'll be disappointed with him. At all. " - clo - clooooooveeee - i met someoneeeeee - omgggg - im rlly excited - I couldn't tell - shes super cute - and sweet - and shes wearing this goddamn white dress - like - its weird and shapeless and totally out of season - it shouldnt look good at all - BUT IT DOES - I'm really happy for you, Glim - and she likes strawberries - like really likes them - its kinda weird - but kinda cute - speaking of cute - i saw u and that boy - whatd u think ? - I think he's an asshole - didnt go so great then - Not really - Pro tip: Any sentence that starts off with "You're cute, but" probably shouldn't be said aloud - but? - "but you're a total bitch" - I think he said something else after that but I'd already thrown my drink at him - oh - want me to go fight him for u? - i will u know - even tho hes like twice my size and looks like he nvr leaves the gym - That's okay - I have something better in mind She looks down at the pale blue nail polish peeping through her open-toed heels and scowls. She should have gone with a different color. Maybe a red as dark as the blood she wants to see staining the floor. Cato's-blood-red, not Cato's-eyes-blue. Clove entertains the idea of killing him as she unstraps those shoes and flings them one by one across the room. They make a faint thump as they hit the floor, but it's not satisfying enough. She wants to throw something heavier, wants to break something, wants to be broken. How dare he? The soothing sea-green fabric of her dress does nothing to calm her as she peels it over her head and tosses it beside the shoes. It's pitch black outside, and she hasn't slept all night, but she feels alive . She's thrumming with energy, electricity coursing through her veins, anger sharpening her vision into that famed Fuhrman focus. She's competitive, always has been, and she hates to lose. She won't let this- this giant from Missouri , of all places- get the best of her. She'll show him. She'll show everyone. God , if only he could see the way she's smiling. - so whats ur plan - u cant keep a secret from me forever clove - cloverrrr - ill find out someday u know - Don't call me Clover - i wont stop unless u tell me The Plan - clover - Oh my god - First of all, we're not some spy team - "The Plan" is not capitalized like a secret mission - ur no fun - Second, I don't really have a plan yet - what happened to hving something better in mind? - Didn't work out - Did you know the TSA won't just put people on the no-fly list for you? - What a wild world - thats a dumb plan - then hed be stuck here - Cars are a thing that exist, you know - like anybody with that body would deprive an entire airline full of people of the experience - speaking of - u never said if he was hot or not - ? - He called me a bitch - thats not an answer - Sorry, I guess I was too distracted by his douchebag polo to notice what his face looked like - so u saw his body then? - rate out of 10 - You're insane - thank u - Not really a compliment - ur evading the question - Ughh - You were right - HAH - I TOLD U HE WAS HOT - DID I NOT SAY HOW HOT HE WAS - RLLY RLLY HOT - AND I DONT EVEN LIKE BOYS BUT ID DO HIM - That's actually really gross - I WAS RIGHT - I TOLD U SO - Yeah - It's unfair how someone can look that good and be that much of an ass - tell me about it - how is marv even friends with somebody like that - hes such a nice guy too - Marv? - marvel - remember i introduced him to u at the start of the party - he made a joke about u being a spice girl - and u said "wow ur parents really had their hopes crushed with u didnt they" - Oh yeah - I remember that now - I guess I kind of am a bitch - but ur hot so its ok - So is Cato - u learned his name? - weird - no one usually makes that much of an impression on u - No one usually calls me a bitch either - tru She spends a few days moping around the mall with Glimmer and making some vicious comments about Cato as they try on shoes and jewelry. One afternoon, as she's in the middle of describing in excruciating detail just how the liquid of her drink struck him right in the center of his crisp white shirt, Glimmer sighs and cuts her off. "Clove, I don't think you hate Cato." Her jaw drops, and for a minute all she can do is gape at the ridiculous idea- was she not just gleefully recounting the way she'd thrown her drink at him? When her mouth can finally work again, she says, "Are you high or something? Because you're not making any sense." Glimmer frowns and corrects herself. "Well, I don't think you want to hate him." Clove immediately starts protesting, loudly , and Glimmer just talks louder. "I mean, really? The no-fly list? That's lame , Clo. When you were twelve , you put black hair dye in that Marina girl's shampoo because she called you stupid, and you had three other plans ready if that one didn't work. You could've made a career out of ruining lives, but now you're just going through the motions. Face it: your heart's just not in it any more." Clove closes her gaping mouth, chest heaving and face flushing. That can't be true. Can it? She swallows hard. "Maybe he's just not worth the effort," she finally says, but neither of them is convinced. - clo - clove - u going to the party tonite - ? - Probably not - u should - u can watch that peeta kid try to flirt w katniss - u always like to watch him suffer - That's true - and annie will be there - i know u guys have that weird friendship going on where u act like ur not friends but u r - Annie's going? - She doesn't really like parties - finnick insisted - hes totally crazy for her - its rly cute - plus youll get to see thresh and that redhead chick be all quiet and awkward - and gales bringing some girl that katniss HATES so therell prob be a huge catfight - its gonna be a lot of fun - You're trying really hard to get me to go - What's the catch? - well - i think cato might be there too - Of course he is -