When Clove first discovers her soulmate, she is eleven and he is fourteen. It is the first day of real training, now that she and the others in her age division are considered mature enough to handle more than wooden swords and ropes courses. She's waiting in line for the knives when he slumps down in the middle of the path, eyes closed as he drinks from a bottle of water. She curls her lip at his stunning lack of manners but doesn't say anything. She's picked up quickly enough that this boy, Cato, is the trainers' pet, arrogant and entitled and privileged. If he wants to sprawl in everybody's way after a treadmill session, nobody will challenge him, and if they do, they'll get punished. So instead of her usual actions toward someone irritating (usually a good kick to the side, maybe a flash of her knife if they're obstinate), she gingerly picks her way around him. But she must have been careless, for the side of her leg accidentally brushes against his arm. Her world instantly morphs into one filled with color, from the startling scarlet of the training uniforms to the misleadingly soft blue of the walls, and in her shock she jerks away from him. The color vanishes, and her heart plummets with it. For as long as there have been stories, humans have had soulmates, perfect other halves designed to complement and complete themselves. Direct physical contact is the only way to ever find one's soulmate, and it's only evident when both develop color vision. The color is short-lived, lasting barely as long as the physical contact itself, but its presence or absence can destroy lives. The soulmate phenomenon is just one of the many reasons why the Districts are so strictly segregated. Soulmates are legally required to have the option to live together, so the Capitol decided long ago that it was preferable to keep everyone from finding their soulmates in a separate District. It turns out that Clove doesn't have to look that far. There's no sign he's noticed anything, though she can't imagine he would have, with the way his arm is flung across his eyes as if to ward off the light. Her hands are shaking too badly to throw a knife, so instead she leaves the line and splashes some water on her face. What can I do? There's only one option for her, if she wants to live a normal life. The next time Cato meets her gaze, she feigns total indifference. Clove accustoms herself to a life of silent solitude at the utter lack of hurt on his face. She means nothing to him. She'll make him mean nothing to her. Her tactics work well for a few years. Avoid eye contact , stab the dummy, switch stations when he approaches , lift weights, duck around him , throw the knife. It's a routine as soothing as it is safe. It lulls her into a false sense of security, one that envelopes her through most of their training. She thinks she's nearly forgotten about him, but sometimes she can't help but stare at him. He's so strikingly powerful, this bulky, brooding man who wields a sword like an extension of his arm. She thinks sometimes, when her gaze is inexorably dragged to him, that he looks rather like she does with her knives: cold, efficient, chillingly competent. She wonders what they'd look like as a team, how they'd turn on one another in a glorious finale, and shivers. They're so evenly matched, speed against strength and wit against brute force. Sometimes she takes him by surprise and slits his throat, sometimes he pins her down and snaps her neck. No one ever wins in her dreams. No one ever backs down. She's met her match at last, and he doesn't even know who she is. (When she looks away, his gaze follows her.) Four years after that fateful day, the escort sings her name to the crowd. She's been Reaped. She makes her way slowly up the stairs, assuming that this year's female tribute will rush up and volunteer as she's been told to do. Fifteen is certainly not too young to compete in the Games, but the odds are much more in her favor if she's closer to seventeen or eighteen, long enough to bulk up and take instruction on how to flirt or charm or posture so that she's fully prepared for the rigor of interviews. Clove reaches the top of the stairs, flicks a glance over the motionless audience, not rippling with the movement of a tribute pushing her way to the front, and slinks over to the podium. Cato's already waiting for her, smirking at the cameras and seemingly unfazed by this turn of events. The escort, a giggling tower of feathers and glitter with cheeks painted white, gestures for them to shake hands. He sticks his hand out, and, reluctantly, she curls hers inside of his. Even though she's braced for it, she still flinches at the sudden onslaught of color that bursts to life before her eyes. He drops her hand like he's been burned and stares at her, all that nonchalance gone, but she doesn't meet his eyes. (His eyes are blue like the sky.) When they get on the train, he barely waits for the doors to close before he grabs her hand. She jumps at the shock, a jolt of electricity coursing through her as the train turns all sorts of colors- pale green walls, scarlet carpets, bowls of fruit so vivid it hurts to look at them. "I knew it," he breathes, and she knows that he's seeing the same beautiful, terrible world. Clove snatches her arm away and immediately misses the dizzying array of color she's so quickly become attached to. "I don't know what you're talking about," she snaps, holding her chin haughtily and narrowing her eyes like she's looking down on him even though he's easily a foot taller. "I've always known." He's not even listening to her, his eyes dazed as he repeats himself, tasting the words. "I've always known." "Known what, boy?" Brutus shoulders his way into the room, then notices their proximity and curses. "Oh, fuck no. Please tell me you're joking." Clove takes a step away, unnoticed as their voices begin to rise. She tunes out most of the yelling and concentrates on slipping out of the room, but Enobaria is already blocking the door with no small amount of amusement baring her fangs in a grin. "Don't leave just yet," the Victor drawls, snickering to herself. "I can already tell this is going to be a fun year." After Brutus has yelled himself hoarse, he snaps for all of them to gather around the table so they can "discuss this ill-timed abomination". He's surprisingly articulate for a man she's always regarded as all brawn and no brain. She leans back against the solid wooden frame of her chair and watches the conversation through lidded eyes until it turns to her. "Well, the secret's out. What are we to do about it?" She keeps her eyes firmly averted from where Cato sits at the opposite end of the table. He's watching her. Brutus rubs at his forehead. "Keep it quiet, I guess," he says. "We can't present you as bloodthirsty and romantic at the same- too much conflict. The Capitol focuses best on single-faceted tributes, and you're expected to fulfill the vicious trait, what with your skills. We don't want to confuse them by presenting you as dynamic during your interviews." "They're going to love you," Enobaria singsongs. "So strong and brutal, both of you, and you have that hint of madness about you. Killers. Winners. They love what they can relate to." Oh, and they do. Her prep team bustles about her, gasping with fluttering excitement as they dab cream on her face, paint patterns on her eyes. One knowing smirk and they'd been completely entranced by the girl from Two: So beautiful. So fierce. So dangerous. They trace the lines of her muscle almost enviously, chattering all the while about her dress, her training score, her lithe frame. "We're betting on you!" one of them trills as they forcibly shove her back into the main room, where a massive mirror catches her eye. She's so fixated on whatever creature is reflected back at her that she barely even notices when Cato slips over to her. She is striking in the world without color, such a tiny thing with her freckles stark against the paleness of her skin, framed by the near-black of her hair. She knows she turns heads for more reasons than sheer curiosity of the fragile, deadly tribute. But she is unprepared for the girl she sees when Cato takes her hand. The first thing she notices is her dress, a slash of clinging scarlet with a gauzy gray bow around her waist. Her legs are visible from nearly the tops of her thighs down, ending in a massive pair of heels that are silver like the liner curling around her eyes. And her eyes- oh, she's always wanted light eyes, but there's a ring of gold around her pupils she's never seen before, and it makes her look almost feral. Clove stares into the mirror beyond any semblance of self-control as Cato smiles softly at her reflection. "You're beautiful," he murmurs, and for once, there's no sarcastic mask clouding his words. She tears her gaze away to look at him. He's even more handsome in color, all golden hair and pale blue eyes, dressed in a blue suit so dark it's nearly black. He looks down at her, grins to catch her staring, and winks. "Let's go light this Capitol on fire." When they return to their rooms hours later, Clove can't sleep. She's still thrumming with energy absorbed from the fervor of the crowds humming in her veins. So, restless, she starts to climb the stairs. Exercise has always helped to clear her mind before, and the night before the Games, she needs all of the peace she can get. She runs up and up and up until she finds herself on the roof. She's miraculously alone, at least until the door opens behind her. She whips around only to find Cato staring at the sky. She pretends not to notice when he moves to stand closer to her, restraining her jolt when he brushes against her arm and the city becomes a whirlwind of color. The sun clings to the edges of the horizon, bleeding pink and orange as it is slowly but surely overcome by the night. She watches it in silent awe when he finally begins to speak. "I never wanted this, you know." She shouldn't be crushed at this, but she is. How can she already regret losing something she never had? "The soulmate thing, I mean," he clarifies. "It's… messy. Attachments aren't good to have in the Games." Suddenly unable to listen to him any longer, she shifts away so that the world reverts to gray. "I didn't exactly ask for any of this, either," she snaps. "I wasn't supposed to be Reaped. You weren't supposed to be my… No one was supposed to be my soulmate. We're Careers; we're not supposed to love." Her throat is tight as she forces out the words. She can tell by the stiffness of his shoulders that he's hurt but trying to conceal it. All those lessons on suppressing their emotions might work wonders on the other tributes, but they leave certain tells that anyone who's been through the program can easily pick up on. He makes as if to respond, then turns away from her and continues to watch the skyline, resolutely ignoring her. She bites her lip. Is this unfamiliar feeling regret? Now would be the best time to slip away, while he's so clearly offering her an opportunity to do