CHAPTER 1 Alice sat silently at her desk at the back of the transfiguration classroom. Today was yet another day of irritation for her. Many people would be quite shocked if she were ever to say anything bad about the infamous Harry Potter. She knew all too well how every girl in her classes fawned over him. Not to mention the fact that she a Hufflepuff was known for being the very essence of kindness. However, Harry Potter caused her constant pain, she couldn't stand the sight of him. Harry Potter, or how she referred to him his majesty the King of Hogwarts sat only two seats in front of her. For three whole years their relationship had been nothing but teasing from him, he made sure she suffered immensely. Though others in their classes saw it as light bickering, that was not the case. Though this year they had even fewer classes together and to be honest she felt relieved. Her best friend Milly sat next to her and have been going on and on about his majesty all morning, "I heard Susan telling Hannah that a third year actually saw Harry adding his name to the goblet. Do you think he did it?" Alice looked at her best friend Milly a dark haired rosy cheeked witch. She smiled trying to hide her irritation on the subject. Before she could give a response Milly continued. "I think he didn't enter himself, but perhaps someone else did it perhaps a teacher wanted to see him compete," Milly whispered and looked in Harry's direction. "Come on then, if you like him so much, should I go ask him if he has a girlfriend?" "What…." Milly exclaimed, "Are you mad?" "Well, you're always the one going on and on about him. You should go for it." Milly thought for a moment, and a smile grew around the edges of her mouth. She agreed, "well I guess there is no point in not asking him." "Well, yes. All you have to lose is your dignity I guess." Milly hit her arm, "can you at least pretend that you're my friend. This is my life we're talking about." "Yeah, sure. So, what do you want me to say to him, then?" Alice said rolling her eyes. Milly thought about it for a while, however, before should could continue class started and the two girls could not finish their conversation. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Several hours later Alice walked through the front courtyard in front of the castle. She was searching for his majesty. She and Milly had planned exactly what she should say and even rehearsed the speech several times. Milly seemed very stressed that she would say the wrong thing. Alice very quickly regretted her decision to help her friend. "Why was she always getting herself involved in these situations?" she thought to herself. She never considered that Milly would actually want to go through with such a scheme, she should have come herself. As Alice was walking towards where a second year said they saw Harry she saw Hagrid the ground keepers hut. Harry seemed to have some connection with the half giant which seemed like an odd friendship to her. He was always talking to Hagrid and his friends Ron Weasley and Hermoine Granger also seemed to be close to him. When she finally got near the hut she saw Harry walking towards her, "this is it" she thought. She walked right up to him. "Hi, there." was all she could say. "Hi," Harry said looking slightly confused but as arrogant as always. "So, Harry. I'll get straight to my point. Do you have a girlfriend?" Suddenly, a big grin was on Harry's face and he looked at her in a way that made her feel extremely uncomfortable. "Why do ask? Are you volunteering?" Alice stood there quite shocked, he was teasing her. "Excuse me, Harry. I'm definitely not asking for myself. Like I would ever go out with you." she snorted. She realised that he was looking at her with those eyes, he probably saw the awful person that she hid so well from everybody else. She quickly tried to correct her mistake, "sorry, I got a bit carried away." He moved closer to her and she felt the space between him and her get smaller until his face was very close to hers. "Who likes me, then?" was all he said. It took her a moment to get her voice back and she finally stepped away from him to say, "actually it is my friend, Milly. she really likes you." xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx A week had passed since she had the talk with Harry Potter. The whole saga has been eating at her now for the last few days and she is finding it rather difficult to forget. "Why did I get involved?" she thought. In the end, she had to break the news to her best friend that there was probably no chance between her and Harry. In fact, she was certain of it since he had plainly said so himself. "I'm sorry to say no to your friend but I already have someone I like." that was his entire reply. This she had to convey to her best friend who of course was crushed. Milly had been sulking all week since then and Alice couldn't find any possible way to cure her friends melancholy Luckily the weekend came rather quickly that week. Friday Alice and Milly were at the back of their transfiguration class again. This week Professor McGonagall had decided that the fourth years should start studying for the OWL's in some areas already. "Urgh," sighed Milly, "I'm too depressed to get this spell right. And now I have to see Harry here for an entire hour." "I'm sorry, Milly, I should never have suggested to help you out." Her best friend smiled at her lovingly and Alice felt relieved that she wasn't looking too low today compared to the previous days. In all honesty, she was getting more irritated by his majesty by the day. Since, the incident she was just seeing him everywhere, which is probably why she has been in such a foul mood all day. The day before the first challenge of the Triwizard Tournament had arrived and every student, professor and elf alike were talking about it. Many bets were going around the castle betting on Harry Potter's success. After Transfiguration Milly went to her afternoon classes and Alice found her way to the library for self-study. The library was her sanctuary for getting school work done, she always did her best studying here. Luckily, she didn't live in the library, she never understood how Hermoine Granger could be there all the time. She had just found an open table at the back of the library and settled in when a figure sat down across from her. When she looked up to argue she looked straight into the shining green eyes of Harry. He spoke first, "how are things going?" "Fine," was all she said, the anger was suddenly bubbling inside of her. She couldn't believe he had the audacity to talk to her. They sat there in silence, until finally, she said, "so do you know what the first challenge is yet." He appeared rather excited when he answered, "yes, I've heard and I'm terrified. Do you want to know what it is?" She hesitated for a few seconds, then nodded. Harry came slightly forward, leaning over the table towards her as if to share some incredible secret, "the first challenge is… dragons." "DRAGONS…" she was completely shocked, he Harry Potter had to fight a dragon. "Don't say that so loud, you never know who is listening," Harry said in a low voice. "Sorry. I didn't mean it. I'm just so shocked, can't you still get out of this. Dragons are some of the most vicious magical creatures out there," she whispered Harry folded his arms and leaned back in his chair, "So you think I can't do it?" There it was again and she remembered for a moment why she always despised the guy so much. His arrogance astonished her sometimes. He continued before she could give a reply, "or… are you perhaps worried about me then?" he was leaning forward towards her again. He was teasing her, she let out a sigh. "Do really think I'm worried because of you? There is a reason the ministry of magic placed an age restriction on this tournament. I'd be worried if any other fourth was competing as well." Harry's face fell as she finished speaking, "so. you think I entered myself?" "Well if you say you didn't I'll believe you, but ... "she stopped before she said anything else. She knew there was no way for Harry to get out of the Tournament now, so she decided to wish him well. "Well good luck for tomorrow, Harry. I'm sure you'll survive." she smiled at him before getting continuing her studies. Harry never did any work, he only stared at her for a few minutes before excusing himself. Alice sat slightly confused, thinking about him for a while. Why didn't he engage an argument with her so much this year? Normally they would've had some sort of disagreement by now. This year was different. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx "Look at him, Alice. Isn't he just the most gorgeous man you have ever seen." Alice looked at the podium where all the Triwizard Tournament champions stood awaiting the first challenge. Harry looked worried, but she knew all too well that he wouldn't back down that easily. "I know you think Harry is the hottest guy in our school, Milly, but most gorgeous man ever... have you hit your head recently." Milly looked right at her, "Harry Potter, I'm quite over him now. I can't believe I was so blind when the handsome Viktor Krum was in front of me all along." "Mill, yesterday you were still sad and depressed about Harry? You can't have moved on so quickly." "Why not? Why should I care about a guy that doesn't like me? Besides, Viktor is foreign. There is no other man as sexy as him." Alice felt relief that her friend was feeling better, she couldn't stand seeing her suffering. Milly was the shining light in her rather dull miserable life. She never said anything bad about others. She was gentle and kind without being overbearing. The first challenge began half an hour later and the crowds were cheering. Alice was all nerves and wondered how one Harry Potter was feeling while waiting. Cedric Diggory was the first to participate and Alice immediately found that he was still the most handsome Hufflepuff she'd ever seen. She started blushing as she saw him standing getting ready for the dragon, she was absolutely dreading what was about to happen. Cedric definitely lived up to his name, he was well known as a very intelligent guy throughout the school. Recently most of Hogwarts was on his side thinking that Harry Potter had taken his shining moment. Cedric rather quickly found a way to outsmart the dragon though he didn't quite make it out of the arena without a scratch. After two more champions successfully completed the challenge it was Harry Potters turn. As he entered the whole arena went silent, and Alice found her heart had nearly stopped. She suddenly didn't want to watch, she was so afraid that something was going to happen to him. The boy she hated for over three years, the one person she couldn't stand. She couldn't stand the idea of him getting hurt. Her chest ached as she saw the first flame nearly take out Harry Potter. Suddenly, she found herself out of the arena. She stood next to a pillar and tried to compose herself. She knew that she couldn't possibly go back there now. She could hear the roar of the dragon as it made the