AN: This is the result of browsing Tumblr for too long. I blame everyone who ever posted beautiful graphics of Gale and Katniss together. I'm pretty sure I looked at all of them, and then found a prompt for a countdown and this suddenly happened. There goes my Saturday. I regret nothing. Disclaimer: Suzanne Collins owns the characters and the world. Countdown X. Coins "Miss Everdeen, I am so sorry for your loss." Mayor Undersee murmurs as he puts a medal over my head and hands me some money. When a miner dies in District 12 the families receive a medal and the Widow's Fund. According to the Capitol, ten coins is the worth of one man's life. My father who hunted, who sang, who struggled to stay up to read his children bedtime stories and spend time with his wife was only worth ten coins. I want to throw them in the Mayor's face as he presses them into my hand but I can't. These ten coins are the only money we will have until my mother finds a job and that doesn't seem like it is going to happen soon. The mayor goes down the line, giving coins to crying widows until he gets to the only other child on stage. I didn't catch his name when it was announced earlier, but I hear his reply to the Mayor's hollow regrets. "He was worth more than you'd ever know." IX. Lynx "I can't believe he's still following us," Gale says, glancing over my shoulder and into the woods behind me. I don't have to look,I know what he sees. That damn lynx has been following us all day - again. It has caused us some kills and we are left with what was in the snare line. Luckily it's spring which means that there is plenty of game available so we still have a decent hull. It has been nine days since the I fed the lynx. When I first saw the creature it was still scrawny from the winter and was walking with a limp. I know I shouldn't have, but looking at it eye our kills reminded me of myself, not one year ago, sitting behind the baker's house. Gale hadn't said anything when I threw the cat the squirrel I had been cleaning, but that didn't mean he didn't have anything to say when it started following us around. "He just wants food," I grumble. I hadn't fed the cat since, but that hadn't stopped it from coming back every day. "Are you sure it's not you, Catnip?" He drawls, leaning closer to me with that teasing smirk of his. I glower at him. Gale is two years older than me and a whole head taller. I know he is looking down on me: Gale is a better tracker, a better trap maker, and he walks like a ghost in the woods. I knew from the second I saw his snare that I would need him if I wanted to earn enough money to support my family, but that doesn't mean I have to like it or him. I don't like relying on anyone. They could be taken away from you in a heartbeat leaving you off worse than you started. Relationships like that were crutches and I didn't want them in my life. "What? Nothing to say?" I shrug. "I wasn't sure you were talking to me." He laughs loudly and the lynx runs off. "You're the only one here worth talking to Catnip." I groan. I hate the nickname, but somehow I know that like Gale, it isn't going anywhere soon. VIII. Dogs A howl. This one is closer than the last. My heart is racing and I can't seem to catch my breath. Gale's not in any better shape, but he seems determined not to let it slow him down. "We've got to keep going." He growls, pushing me forward but even with the rush of adrenaline my body is too exhausted to move. It had been a hard winter and we were both underfed. Apparently so were the wood's predators. We had seen signs of wild dog packs closer to the fence than usual and had taken precautions to stay out of their way but apparently we weren't careful enough. "I can't." I wheeze, barely able to get the words out as my knees buckle. I hated my weakness at the moment but no matter how much I willed them, my legs wouldn't get up out of the snow. I think of Prim and my mother, hoping that they will make it without me and knowing that they won't. Gale curses and pulled me up by the arm. "Can you climb?" He asks, eyeing the trees around us. They are covered in snow and missing all their leaves, but most are still large and strong. I nod and Gale immediately pushes me up the nearest. When I'm high enough, he tosses me his gear, our hull from the day, and our bows. He had been carrying it all while I had just been trying to keep up. He scrambles up clumsily as the first dog breaks through the trees. "Gale!" I cry out as it jumps and almost catches his heel. It misses and slams down hard into a rock with a whimper. The rest of the pack emerges and a few more try to climb the tree, one actually succeeding to make it to the first branch before they finally, thankfully, give up. They don't leave though and I wonder how long it's been since they've eaten. To chase us as long as they have and to stick around means that they are desperate. The pack is large, eight to be precise, and smart. They settle in to wait us out, growling softly as they watch us. "I guess we'll be here a while." Gale mumbles. He looks up past the trees and tries to gauge how much daylight we have left. It's probably around noon, which means we only have five hours until sunset. Neither of us are wearing enough clothes to make it through the night and the sweat soaking my shirt is already making me cold. Gale seems to realize this and settles in on the large branch next to me. He wraps his arms around me and pulls me in close. I tense at first since this is the first real human contact I've had with anyone but Prim since my father died. It feels strange at first but then I start feeling his body heat through my thick wool sweater and relax. He is warm and I find myself turning into him. "Comfortable Catnip?" He jokes. I feel like I should reply with something biting, but I don't because I actually am. He smells like wood smoke and mint, and his arms are strong around me. It stirs something in me, something comforting and I think about my father and how he used to hold me when I was younger. VII. Blackberries "Keep your eyes closed," Gale says, pulling me along. I do obediently even though I've almost fallen three times already. "Gale," I grumble. "If I keep them closed any longer then I going to break my ankle." "We're almost there. Have some patience Catnip." I can hear the laughter in his voice and I almost open my eyes just to spite him. A few minutes later we finally stop and Gale drops my hand. I can feel the summer sun full on my face and smell the heady scent of wildflowers. "Now can I open them?" "Not yet." He says, but he's farther away from me. I hadn't even felt him move away. There is a rustling and then I feel him take my hands again. He sits me down on a large rock and turns me so that I am facing whatever he wants to show me. "Alright. Now." I blink against the brightness of the afternoon but the discomfort falls away as my gaze falls on the sight in front of me: rolling green hills as far as the eye can see. When I turn, I see Gale against the backdrop of a meadow filled with flowers. His smile is as bright as the sun as he stares at my gaping mouth. "Do you like it?" He asks and I can only nod since I haven't found the words yet. He settles in on the rock next to me. I have to shift over since the rock is barely big enough for both of us but we still fit even though we are pressed together from shoulder to knee. He pulls out his hand which I hadn't realized was behind his back and presents me with seven perfect blackberries. "Happy birthday Catnip." I take the fruit and eagerly toss one into my mouth. It is juicy and explodes with sweetness as I chew on it. We sell most of the berries we find out here, but I can never bring myself to sell these. Blackberries are my secret weakness. "Where did you find these?" I ask and Gale reaches behind him and plucks another plump berry from the thorny bushes that tangle on the ground next to the rock. He smirks at me with a cheeky grin and I almost shove him into the bushes. Instead, I throw one of the berries at him, intending to wipe the smile off his face but he catches it in his mouth. "Thanks." He says and I roll my eyes. I can't keep the smile from my face as I watch him pick more berries. He talks as he works, telling me about how he stumbled onto this place when I was stuck at home helping my mother and Prim deal with a flu outbreak. He had been saving it for today and I know I should be mad because we agreed not to do anything for each other's birthdays, but I am too happy and warm to care. VI. Sundays "So, what's the plan now?" Gale asks me as we sit on the couch. Our mothers are busy in the kitchen, both happier than I've seen them in a while. They are practically flying around the kitchen and I don't blame them. I feel like I could fly away now that the weight of the Reaping is off my shoulders. Gale and I both made it through. Him with his 42 slips and me with my 21 somehow escaped the Capitol's grasp. "Hunt." I shrug. It's my only real option since the last time I went down into the mines I almost had a panic attack. I still have dreams of my father being blown to bits. I don't know how Gale does it. Now that I don't have school anymore I can hunt all day every day. I'll have to be smart about how I sell the extra meat, but most of the Peacekeepers are clients of mine so I'm sure that as long as I don't flaunt my chosen career there won't be a problem. Gale nods like he already knew the answer. "So hunting six days a week. I'm jealous." "Gale," I say patiently. "There are seven days in a week." "I know Catnip, but you need to take a day off." I roll my eyes. "Why?" Gale copies me. "So you can spend it with me." I'm still confused since we already spend our Sundays together, usually hunting, but I decide it's not worth questioning his strange logic. So many things will change in my life starting tomorrow but I am glad that, at least, that won't. V. Fingers I catch myself looking at Gale's hands again, his beautiful capable fingers. They are as scared as mine, testaments to our life in the woods. They are stronger than they used to be just like the rest of him is now that he works in the mines. It's hard not