AN: I blame plot bunnies. I love the relationship between Katniss and Finnick in the books and went hunting for stories of the two of them together as friends and/or lovers. I found some interesting ones, but they did nothing but fuel my imagination. I had wanted this to be a one-shot, but the more I wrote, the more I wanted to write. So this is going to come in three parts and follow their growth as friends then lovers as they fight in the rebellion. And they are going to fight because that is what they do. Now I know that they are both OOC, but I tried to keep the heart of their characters. Katniss is still family oriented, protective and fierce but still unsure about her own feelings and future. Finnick is still sincere, strong and caring. I also messed around with the ages, so here's a quick break down so that people don't get confused: Ages at 63rd Hunger games: Katniss, 16. Finnick, 11. Gale, 18. Prim, 10. Rory, 11. Vick, 5. Posy, 4. Ages at 66th Hunger games: Katniss, 19. Finnick, 14. Prim, 16. Rory, 17. Vic. 11. Posy 10. Ages at 74th Hunger games: Katniss, 27. Finnick 22. Prim, 21. Rory, 22. Vic, 16. Posy, 15. I hope you all enjoy this as much I enjoyed writing it! Premise: Katniss won the 63rd Hunger Games and become the most popular tribute ever. Now she must mentor the next up and coming star, Finnick Odair. Disclaimer: Suzanne Collins owns everything. Put Me Back Together: Part I Katniss Everdeen took the 63rd Hunger Games by storm. No one in the Capitol had thought much of her when she was reaped - a small, skinny girl from a small, insignificant district. Thier eyes and their bets were initially drawn to the Careers from the wealthier district who had dominated the Hunger Games in the last 10 years. Then Katniss Everdeen rode out on a chariot of fire. All eyes were drawn to her and with every new exposure, the Capitol fell more and more in love with the Girl on Fire. She was strongest of the tributes, but no one knew why. She was enigmatic and coy in her interview. Then she went into the arena and the Capitol watched as Katniss Everdeen became a predator. The first night is traditionally brutal thanks to the bloodthirsty Careers but it was Katniss that did the hunting. She slinked through the night with a bow and arrow from the Cornucopia and on silent feet she took down the Careers one by one. By the morning, only half of the Careers the remained. Over the next week she captured and killed with an effortless grace. The only chink in her impenetrable armor came in the form of a young girl from District 11 - Rue. Katniss had taken the small child under her wing, protecting her as fiercely as a mother bear does her cub. When the girl died, Katniss cried angry tears and the Capitol cried with her. Then, where there were only a handful of tributes left, the Gamemakers put forth a feast. It was to bring the tributes together to fight, but there was no fight. Katniss sat in a tree and took out the last three tributes with terrifying precision and speed. With that, Katniss went from being a tribute to a victor and she was forever etched into the hearts of the Capitol. Finnick Odair was tired of being cleaned, polished, and dressed. He missed his small house that was close enough to the sea that you could smell the salt on the wind. He missed fishing at the crack of dawn and the sound of the waves crashing on the side of the boat. The Capitol was too quiet, too clean and too perfect . He pulled at the neck of the suit - a clear blue that mirrored the sea at sunset and brought out the green in his eyes. He wasn't looking forward to the interview, especially since Mags hadn't given him much advice. She had been helpful in training and dealing with the other tributes, but the old woman had just shrugged when he asked about the televised interview. Perhaps he could ask her again. He walked out of his room, heading towards the living room with every intention on making Mags help him and finding some food. He didn't expect much, but he didn't expect what he found. Mags was sitting on the couch talking with someone new. It was a woman, with long brown hair and olive skin. She was wearing a loose shirt that was so sedate that he knew instantly she wasn't from the Capitol. He realized he had been staring when Mags waved him over. The woman stood, turned and Finnick felt his heart stop. Chatting and laughing with Mags was Katniss Everdeen - the most famous tribute in the history of the games. He swallowed hard. Everything he had seen about this woman on the television was contradictory. She was an enigma and the Capitol loved her that way. Mags mumbled an introduction and Katniss held out her hand. Finnick reached out and took it, surprised at how soft the skin was even though her grip was strong. "Please sit down." Katniss said, gesturing to the small couch across from her and Mags. Finnick obeyed immediately. He knew Katniss was not someone to just drop in for a social visit. Katniss didn't say anything else for a long moment, just looking him over. It wasn't the appraising look he had seen in many people's eyes in the Capitol. There was a hunger in his Prep team's eyes and a wanting gleam in his stylists. It was like everyone here was just waiting to eat him up. The look in her eyes was calculative, thoughtful, and just slightly sad. "Finnick. Mags tells me that you need help with your interview." Katniss says, straight to the point. "I don't know why. I am pretty sure you could say anything up there and the Capitol would fawn all over you." She looks back over at Mags. "Are you sure about this?" Mags smiles back sadly as she stands and reaches over to Finnick. Slowly she strokes his cheek, and then she's gone. Finnick blinks, more confused than ever. "What is going on?" He asks. Katniss, who had been watching the old woman leave, turns back to him. Her eyes are dark pools, more intense than the darkest storms that ravage the coast. "She loves you very much. You know that right?" Finnick's eyes soften. "Yes." He says. He loves her too. The woman practically raised him. His father was always so busy between running his fishing skiff and drinking that he ignored Finnick. Not that he minded; Mags had done good by him and he loved her for that. "That's why she called me. For better or worse she wants me to help you win." "What about your own tributes? Aren't you the District 12 mentor?" He asks, his head starting to spin with the information. "Haymitch is handling their interviews. I will be getting them allies and sponsors. Do not mistake me, they are my first priority and if it comes to them or you I will put the full weight of my influence behind my tributes." She leans forward in her seat and Finnick instinctively leans back. "But if you are as good as Mags says you are..." She trails off, her eyes becoming sad again. Finnick squirms, uncomfortable with the dramatic shifts in her personality. "So right now, you are my mentor but that will change in the arena. I understand. Can we-" He coughs. "Should we talk about what I am supposed to do? I do have to leave in less than 30 minutes." Katniss smiles at him then, a bitter, hard smile. "You, Finnick Odair are going to charm the Capitol. They are already in love with you - the handsome boy with the sea-green eyes - but you are going to make them ravenous. I want you to smile, wink and flirt. I want women to be dreaming about you tonight so that they call Mags in the morning because they want to throw obscene amounts of money at you, just for the pleasure of looking at you one more day." "I - what?" Finnick asks. "I don't know how to do that!" "Do you have a girlfriend back home?" Finnick shook his head. Katniss frowns. "A girl you are interested in?" Again, Finnick shakes his head. "Have you ever been kissed?" This gets a blush and only a blush. Katniss sighs, stands and holds out her hand to his. Finnick, red and embarrassed beyond belief follows her. She walks him into the bathroom and places him in front of the mirror. "You at least know you are handsome, right?" She asks. Finnick shrugs. "I suppose." "No. You are, and it is your greatest weapon. Even if you don't know the right words to say, just smile." She looks in the mirror expectantly. "That, was your cue to smile." She says when Finnick doesn't move. He does, but it is small and shy, which clearly annoys her. "Larger. Larger. Larg-oh." She stops, and he finds her staring at him in the mirror. "What?" Finnick says. "Dimples." Is all she says. Finnick doesn't really understand, but he thinks it's a good thing. Before he can really question it, Katniss tells him to smile again and this time he smiles broadly, showing some teeth and he is surprised to find Katniss smiling back at him. "That. Just smile like that and Caesar will handle the rest. If he could make me look good, then you will be a show stopper." With that she walks out the door. Finnick drops the smile and follows her. She had tried to hide it, but he had noticed the frown on her face. He wants to ask her about it, but Katniss is out the door before he gets the chance to. Finnick Odair had won the 66th Hunger games. At the age of 14 he was the youngest victor in the history of the games. He had won handily. It hadn't been hard once the net and golden trident had fallen from the sky. He knew that the longer the games had progressed, the more expensive items were. Most tributes got things like food and medication, but he had received a weapon, and not just a weapon; the perfect weapon. He had thanked Mags, amazed that she had gotten so many sponsors for him, but she had just shaken her head and said "Katniss." It had shocked him because when he had gotten the trident, there had still been one tribute left from District 12. He didn't see Katniss again until the Victory Tour but her words and her actions had lingered with him as surely as the memories of the games. He really didn't understand that woman, but he was sure she understood him. She had known what having that weapon had meant and how it would affect the games. She also knew what would happen after the games. For better or worse . That is what she had said. He hadn't really had time to think the whirlwind of emotions that she had demonstrated during that visit, but he was beginning to get an idea of why she had looked so sad. Winning the games wasn't really a victory. It sapped the victor of everything that made them human. He had locked away his compassion and emotions in the arena. He had to survive, but when the threat of death had been stripped away, all the locked up guilt and self-hatred had come pouring out. Each night was worse than the one before. He couldn't remember the last time he slept through the night. His prep team had been horrified when they found the state