Author's Note: Hello brand new fandom! I know, a bit late to the party, but better late than never I guess. Anyways, this is my first Hunger Games story, so if there characters are too far off, than please let me know. I'll try to make adjustments to keep them going in the right direction. Just remember that this is an AU, so I am going to play with some of their characteristics since I am messing with their backgrounds as well. Please enjoy! PS: I have no beta. If anyone would like to help out or could suggest someone, I am all ears! Dislcaimer: The Hunger Games and all the characters belong to Suzanne Collins. The Song of the Mockingjay - Chapter 1 Katniss Everdeen stared out over the clear water of the lake. It was beautiful summer day. It was early enough that the humidity hadn't settled it making the day was pleasantly warm. She dangled her feet in the water of the lake as she sat on a large rock. Her father, John Everdeen, was fishing. He said he wanted to catch enough for dinner and to sell. Fish isn't something that you get often in District 12, so it goes for a higher price than the three rabbits they had caught earlier in the day. It was getting late in the day, and she knew that they would have to leave soon. It was a long walk from their lake back to the fence, but she had gotten good at it. The first time her father had brought her here she had to be carried part of the way. That had been almost a year ago. She was eight now and had a bit more muscle on her. Running around the forest would do that. "Come on Katniss." Her father called out. "We should be heading home." "Alright." Katniss said, standing and pulling on her boots. "Grab some plants before we go." He said, pulling up all the fishing lines. "Your mom loves katniss root with fish." Katniss nodded and began hunting around the edge of the lake. The Katniss plant, for which she was named, was fairly abundant in the area. It was tall with arrow shaped leaves and pretty white flowers. She picked the flowers, saving them for her mother and dug out the bulbous edible roots that grew in the mud around the lake. When she had an armful, she ran back to her father. "Is that good?" She asked. He nodded and put them into his game bag. "You're getting good at finding them." He said. She beamed. Over the last year her father had been teaching her all about edible plants and where to find them. It was hard to remember, but he often would make songs about them. Katniss could remember anything if it was sung to her. She wondered if that was because of the beat or because she loved listening to her father sing. Her father had such a beautiful voice. It was so lovely that even the birds stopped to listen when he sung. Every night, when he returned from the mines, Katniss and her sister Prim demanded a song before bed. They refused to go to sleep without one, even if he was coming home late due to an extended shift. Prim often would still drift off, but Katniss would stay up. There was something soothing about knowing he would always be there to start her dreams with his songs. Sometimes, she even heard him singing to her mom. Once she snuck out of bed and say them wrapped in each other by the fire, swaying softly to a song that her father was singing. It was the only time she ever saw her mother completely at ease. They stopped by the small concrete cottage by the lake to pick up a few things and quench the fire before they left. The little house was their secret, just like the lake, and just like the path to get here. She knew other people hunted in the woods, but there were only a handful since it was so dangerous. Some plants were dangerous to eat. Some animals were dangerous to touch. Some trees were dangerous to climb. Danger, danger, danger. Her father never let her forget that there were reasons that the district was separated from the woods. But he also showed her all the beautiful things in the woods too. He got the birds singing. He found berries as sweet as her little sister. He found her meadows of wildflowers that she took home and braided into her mother's bright blonde hair. She never did as good a job as her mother, but the woman never denied her messy attempts, rewarding her with a kiss and hug. Sometimes Katniss wanted to bring her mother out here, to show her all the pretty flowers and tasty berries, but she knew her mother wouldn't like it - not like she and her father did. From her dark hair to grey eyes, Katniss was her father's daughter through and through - and she loved it that way. Prim, her younger sister was the spitting image of her mother with straight, golden hair and blue eyes. She was also quiet and shy where Katniss was often doing something that got her in trouble. And almost every time she came home dirty and bruised from an adventure, her father would smile at her and say "That's my girl." He said it was why he brought her to the forest. "You're just like me Katniss. You need some place to be free for a while." And here she was free. There was no soot, no strict teachers, no stupid boys who pulled on her braid - just her and her father. "Dad," Katniss said as they walked home through the forest. It would be mid afternoon when they got back which gave her mother plenty of time to cook the fish while they went and bartered the rest of the game. "Sing me a song?" Her father smiled at her. "Only if you sing with me." "Alright." She said, blushing. Her father said she sang as sweetly as he did, but she didn't believe him. "What do you want to sing?" He asked. Katniss thought about this for a moment. "The Trees in Winter." She said. It was one of her favorite, especially the simple tune that is easily echoed by the Mockingjays. Her father laughed. "How did I know you were going to choose that one?" Katniss blushed but looked at him pointedly. He sighed, over dramatically, but started to sing anyways. The trees in spring, they blossom and bloom The trees in spring, they blossom and bloom They smell so sweet and they look it too They blossom and bloom and all too soon The trees in spring have gone to ruin My love is like the trees in spring He makes me glow like a diamond ring He makes my smile blossom and bloom Shaking off my darkest gloom My love is like the trees in spring. The trees in summer, they grow so high The trees in summer, they grow so high Reaching out to towards the sun They grow so high to touch the sky The trees in summer, why do they try? My love is like the trees in summer He makes my heart beat like a drummer He makes me stand so up so tall That I can see above it all My love is like the trees in summer The trees in fall, they never stay The trees in fall, they never stay They catch the light and burn so bright Then their colors fade and they slip away The trees in fall they turn to gray My love is like the trees in fall He makes me want to give up my all He makes me blush just like the rush My love is like the trees in fall The trees in winter, they rest their soul The trees in winter, they rest their soul They close their eyes against the world Sleeping through the nights as dark as coal The trees in winter, they rest their soul My love is like the trees in winter He makes my heart want to splinter He makes me wait through the cold dark night My love is like the trees in winter. When he started, Katniss and the birds hushed to hear him sing, but by the second verse she had been unable to hold back her own voice and by the fourth the birds had joined in as well. Even after they stopped birds continued, sending the tune farther and farther out through the forest. She couldn't keep the smile from her lips and the forest sang for her and she reached up for her father's hand. This, here with him and the woods full of song she was completely happy. They dropped half the fish back at the house with the katniss roots and a few other edible herbs they had picked up at Katniss' mother's request. She wasn't running low but she liked to stay stocked up. Camille Everdeen was the closest thing that the Seam had to a doctor and she had to be ready a moment's notice. Katniss was proud of her mother. She had seen her mother helping out a poor man with a broken leg. She heard the loud pop as her mother set the leg and bolted from the room, looking as green as the man did. Her mother however just soothed the man and gave him food and special herbs for the pain. Katniss couldn't do that, and somehow she thought that most people couldn't. "Anything you need from the Hob Cami?" John asked as he kissed her cheek. Camille smiled at him as she looked at the two large fish and roots. Camille shook her head. "No, but I will need a few things from town if you could swing by the shops afterwards." "Of course. What do you need." "A loaf of bread and some more bandages. I ran out this morning. One of Mrs. Klinnens kids was helping her cook and cut herself with a knife pretty bad. I stitched her up, but she ran through the bandages." John kissed his wife again, the look on his face was as proud as Katniss' whenever her mother talked about her work. Not only was it a necessity for the Seam, but her mother refused to take one coin in payment. People would sometimes bring them food or other small items as payment, but her mother only accepted them if she knew her clients could afford to give them away. Katniss leaned down to hug Prim, "Our parents are good people." She whispered into the toddler's downy hair. "Don't ever forget that." "Let's go Katniss." Her father called. Katniss squeezed her sister one more time, kissed her mother's cheek and ran out the door behind her father. The Hob was technically the black market of the District, but for many is was the only market they could afford. The Market in town sold many lovely things, but the only people who could shop there were the other people from town. Compared to the miners in the Seam, they lived in relative luxury. Katniss didn't hate them for this because while they had dresses and ribbons, she had freedom and the woods. Most of the kids in town start working in their parents shops when they are young. The baker for example has three sons, the youngest, a blond haired blue eyed boy, was her age. She has seen him learning to work the counter with his brothers when she has come to trade squirrell with her father. Technically that was illegal, but the baker loved squirrell so much that he gave them a loaf anyways. While the Market relied on coin, the Hob relied on