AN: Hey guys, this is just a little something that I couldn't get out of my head. It's a bit rough around the edges since I'm not used to writing such emotional pieces. Any input you have would be greatly appreciated. Oh, the title and the inspiration for the story came from the new Goo Goo Dolls song "So Alive". I highly recommend it! Disclaimer: Suzanna Collins owns everything. So Alive The world was too much and Katniss was done with it. It was brutal and unfair and empty. Everything that made it beautiful was lost to fire and war. Prim - her smile, her compassion, her good heart - all destroyed in a moment. The flames had consumed her and continued to eat away at Katniss' mind. The final image of Prim reaching out to Katniss was seared into her eyelids and haunted her every time she closed her eyes. Even when she opened her eyes, Katniss was sure that Prim would still be there, blaming her for letting her die. Prim wasn't the only one, but she was worst. Cinna, Finnick, Rue - they were all there, constantly whispering Katniss' failures to her over and over again. She tried to hide from them. She buried herself under blankets, hid in the back of closets and curled into corners, hoping their ghosts would finally pass her by but they remained. Her mind was as scared as her body - blotchy and red where they had replaced her skin. It was strange, much of the sensation had been lost when they replaced her skin. The scar tissue was hard, but not like the knot on her wrist where Johanna had cut out her tracker. Still, it felt like someone else was touching her when Katniss hugged herself, making her jump and look for the intruder. Sometimes she would try to fight off the demon, and sometimes she just hoped they would end her quickly. How was this life? How was this living? It wasn't, but she didn't want to try. Trying meant embracing the pain and those moments were the hardest. She preferred the numb haze that fell over her like a shroud of comfort. Those days were the easiest and she would sit in her chair and stare out the window - alone with nothing but her own, blissfully silent thoughts. Haymitch had come by a few times to visit her, but Katniss hadn't said anything to him. She hadn't said anything to anyone since her failed suicide attempts. Now she didn't even have the energy to try to take her own life. That took a strength and bravery that she didn't have anymore. Her only companion was Greasy Sae. She came once a day to cook for Katniss. She would place the bowl close to her door, but most days Katniss couldn't bring herself to eat. The times she would eat were those when Sae got her to come to the kitchen, and the old woman would tell her news about the district. People were coming back and rebuilding. Sae's granddaughter was helping her out and the two were providing food for the workers in the afternoons. With the rations coming in from the new government, Sae had provisions to make hearty stews with real vegetables and beef. Today, Katniss had made it to the kitchen with some coaxing from the old woman and she listened to the chatter. It took three attempts but Sae finally got Katniss to swallow a spoonful of stew. The effect was instantaneous. Katniss was transported to a small home perpetually covered with a layer of coal dust. It was lit by candlelight and smelt of herbs and goat cheese. Abruptly Katniss turned her head and looked into the corner, hoping to see Prim there, but she wasn't. Katniss wasn't at her home in the Seam, but the one in the Victory Village - too big and too empty. Tears streamed down her face and Sae was at her side in an instant. "There, there Katniss. Let it out. I didn't think that rabbit stew would set you off. It used to be your favorite." Sae said, holding the girl close. She didn't recoil from the tears and snot and smell that Katniss knew she exuded these days and she appreciated it. She had forgotten what it was like to have someone hold her. It was so comforting that she couldn't stop and she clung to the woman even as she wished her build was smaller and her voice lighter. "Maybe I'll ask for some wild turkey tomorrow." Sae said, trying to sooth Katniss. "It's a good time of year for that." It took a while for her words to seep in, and Sae was gone by the time they really pierced the fog of Katniss' mind, but it left her wondering - where was Sae getting rabbit and wild turkey? All the foods that Sae cooked were her favorites: roasted turkey, rabbit stew, stuffed squirrel. Some of the recipes were ones that Sae wouldn't have known. They were filled with herbs and plants from the woods - all recently gathered - and served up with boiled katniss roots or bread and cheese. This wasn't the only mystery in her life. Bit by bit Katniss found treasures around her house that hadn't been there before. Small gifts of berries in a bowl in her sitting room where she spent most of her days and her father's hunting jacket cleaned and conditioned, hung by the door with care. Her bow was freashly oiled as wrapped and her hunting knife was sharpened. Bit by bit her house was cleaned and she never saw her caretaker, but she knew who it was. It was hard not to. The meticulous, thoughtful nature of it screamed Gale and she didn't know how to deal with it. Part of her missed him - missed him so much that the void he had left in her life was almost as painful as Prim's - and part of her hated him and wanted him to leave. Thinking of him always lead to thinking of Prim's death and the bomb that took her from Katniss. It hurt and she hated the pain so she also hated Gale. It was easier to hate him and to avoid thinking about him, but here he was inserting himself back into her life. Sae didn't talk about him and Katniss didn't ask, but she saw the way Sae looked at her every time Katniss found one of Gale's small gestures. It was such a hopeful look, but Katniss didn't share her excitement. Every day, every gift made it harder for her to hide away in the numb miasma that Katniss had buried herself in. It made her feel and think and face things she wasn't ready to face - things she probably would never be able to face. It wasn't until the small vase of primroses appeared in the kitchen one morning that Katniss lost it. She sprinted from the small home, running all the way to the woods. Her lungs burnt and her legs gave out from disuse multiple times, but she still moved forward. The fence was gone and there was nothing between her and the Meadow - a beautiful, flowering mass grave. She passed over it, fighting each and every ghost that threatened to drag her down with them. Her feet moved unconsciously until she reached her and Gale's spot. The berry bushes were gone - pulled up and each root system was wrapped in burlap. Instead the hidden rock was surrounded by freshly planted primroses. They were in full bloom, their yellow flowers and delicate scent blocking out everything else. Katniss fell into an exhausted heap by her stone, staring at the view across the woods. She was angry - angry and happy and thankful and bitter. Emotions whirled through her, making her dizzy and it was almost impossible to sit up. She felt the body next to her, sinking into his usual spot. Katniss didn't look at him, didn't speak to him, but she also didn't run. She didn't have the energy at the moment. When Gale finally spoke, it wasn't words of comfort or repentance just a simple "It's getting late Katniss. We should probably head back." Katniss. Not Catnip. It hurt, but it was also probably for the best. It would drawn him in closer to her bleeding heart and she couldn't take more damage today. Slowly she got up, and for the first time she looked at him. While she had withered, he had grown. His shoulders looked broader, his hands stronger - but his eyes were just like hers: weak and broken. She didn't know how she had the energy, but she reached out and slapped him. His head whipped to the side and stayed there as she walked away and Katniss was glad that he didn't follow her home. The next morning she saw the berry bushes planted in her small garden. A fresh vase of primroses were in her sitting room and the message was clear to her. "I am not going away." They said and Katniss didn't know if she was relieved or not. Gale started coming by the house and letting her know he was there. He stopped sneaking around and she watched him as he diligently took care of her hunting supplies, made her food and cleaned her home. She still refused to speak with him, and some days she refused to see him. She could tell this frustrated him more than anything. She was a pendulum swinging back and forth between too many emotions - despair, anger, bitterness - and none whatsoever. Gale knew what to do with her when she was raging at him, throwing things and hitting him - but when she went quiet was when he went mad. It was a month after the woods. She was in her sitting room - had been for two days - in a daze. The world was turning slowly and her mind was lost in sound of bird's wings and Rue's melody. It was the closest she came these days to peacefulness. She didn't eat and had been able to block out Gale's presence until he forced himself into her little world. In one movement he had her over his shoulder and up the stairs. Once the reality of the situation set in she became a beast, clawing at his skin and cutting deep gashes along his shoulders, arms and neck. He didn't relent though and he tossed her in the shower. He turned on the water and he said to her with a fire in his eyes that she hadn't seen in ages "Clean yourself up or I'm going to do it for you." Katniss glared right back, but when she glanced at herself in the mirror over his shoulder she was shocked by what she saw. There was no girl, only a wild animal who had been cornered. Her hair was a matted mess, her bones were easily seen and her eyes were hollow and fearful. There was nothing human there. "Get out." She hissed. They were hoarse from disuse and Katniss realized they were the first words she had said in almost six months but they were perfect. "Get OUT!" She said, her voice gaining strength. Gale threw his hands in the air and left, slamming the door on the way out. She left the shower running, falling onto her bed in a wet heap. With the water drenching her skin, she could smell herself now, making her stench more potent. The sight of herself in the mirror haunted her until she finally got up, returning to the running water and washed herself. Gale didn't say anything the next morning when he came by with rabbit and bread for breakfast and Katniss didn't either, but for the first time in months she felt more human and it was