Hello my lovelies, I'm so sorry for the crazy long hiatus. It's been insane between my junior year of college and newlywed bliss. Now that I have more time to write, I'll hopefully update soon. This is an outtake from UYC, but you can read it independently. The sequel to UYC will contain lemons, however this outtake is strictly T. Note about the song choice: it's supposed to be about Jesus' love for the world, however I chose a different interpretation. Not everyone is religious, so I set it as a wedding song instead of a spiritual. I hope y'all enjoy :) Love of my life Deep in my eyes There you will find what you need Give me your life Lust and the lies The past you're afraid I might see You've been running away from me You're my beloved Lover I'm yours Death shall not part us It's you I died for For better or worse Forever we'll be My love it unites us And it binds you to me It's a mystery - Beloved, Tenth Avenue North "ISABELLA MARIE SWAN!" Alice nearly screamed. I flung my arm on my face as I felt light hit my face. "Alice," I seethed, my voice still groggy from sleeping. "You better wake up or so help me God!" Alice threatened, her voice lowering. "What is so damn important?" I queried as I shifted so my face was in the pillow. "It's your wedding day, you're getting married!" Alice informed. Then, it hit me. Oh shit, I had to be presentable when I walked down the aisle to my own Greek god. I ripped the sheets off my body and shivered as I felt the cold air hit my skin. "I knew that would do it," Alice admitted smugly. "What time is it?" I asked, scared to know the answer. "It's eight," Alice replied. The wedding was in less than eight hours. I muttered a few curse words under my breath as I wobbled into the bathroom. My hair and make up stylist was going to have her work cut out for her. My hair was in complete disarray along with the fact I had bluish bruises under my eyes from lack of sleep. I splashed some water on my face before I ran a brush through my tangled hair. After I finished my morning routine, I stumbled and stubbed my foot against the door. I cursed under my breath. "If that causes a bruise, I will kill you. Edward made me promise to get you there in perfect condition," Alice said menancingly. "He had to know that was impossible, just blame it on me," I shrugged. After the rehearsal dinner, Edward was dismal as he watched me walk to Alice's SUV. "Don't be sad, it's only for one night," I murmured, taking his face in my hands. "I won't sleep at all tonight, I've been spoiled by sleeping next to the most beautiful woman on the planet," Edward pouted. "After tomorrow, we won't have to say goodbye anymore," I reminded. I was rewarded by a crooked smile spreading across Edward's lips. "I'll see you tomorrow at four, don't be late," I chatsied. "I won't be," Edward promised. "I'll see you tomorrow," I smiled before I pressed a chaste kiss to Edward's cheek as I turned away. "That wasn't a proper goodbye," Edward complained as he spun me around so I was facing him. "What is your definition of a proper goodbye?" I questioned teasingly. He chuckled before he pulled me into his arms and kissed me passionately. When I pulled away, I was breathless. "That's a proper goodbye, Mrs. soon to be Cullen," Edward answered, his deep green eyes melting with mine. "I can't wait for more goodbyes then," I muttered, still catching my breath. I ran around my hotel room like a chicken with its head cut off trying to find a decent shirt to wear. Alice gave me specific instructions to wear a button down shirt for hair and make up. Somehow in the mess, I found a blue button down shirt and shoved on a pair of jeans. "Bella, don't tell me you're already dressed," Alice said from the couch. "Sorry," I apologized. "You need to go take a shower first, it's the only time you have to take a shower before the wedding," Alice reminded. I smacked my hand against my forehead as I realized my stupidity. After my shower I finally dressed and got ready for the day. Alice had my breakfast on the table as I walked out into the main part of the suite. "You should make sure to get a good breakfast, Edward doesn't want a fainting bride," Alice instructed. "Thank you for the breakfast," I murmured. She smirked before she walked over so she was across from me. "I didn't make it," she admitted, biting her lip. I looked at Rosalie, who was watching the news on the couch. She shook her head, answering my unasked question. I peered down at the omelet in front of me. I knitted my eye brows together in confusion as I met Alice's gaze. "Look under your plate," Alice suggested. I looked down and sure enough under the plate was an envelope addressed to Mrs. Cullen. I opened the envelope and out fell a note. "Bella, You always make me breakfast every morning, no matter how early it is. Now, since you'll be my wife, I find it important that I make you many breakfasts in return. You are my sunshine. This is a promise for many breakfasts to come. I can't wait to be your husband and spend the rest of my mornings with you." -Edward" I nearly teared up as I read his note. "He came when you were taking a shower to make you breakfast. I had to tear him away in order to not break the tradition," Alice remarked. I was blown away at his kindness. "How did I get so lucky?" I questioned, shaking my head. "Trust me, he's the lucky one," Rosalie piped up as I began to eat my breakfast. "So I have a schedule so we're on track for today," Alice said as she fished out a list from her pocket. "Okay," I said, urging for her to continue. "Hair and make up is at ten, and then we run to the reception hall to finish getting ready and take pre-wedding pictures," Alice informed as she read of the list. Alice had a huge role in organizing and planning for my wedding. I had to reign her in a few times, however. Edward and I wanted a simple wedding. The wedding ceremony itself was in a simple church right outside New York City. The reception was where Edward and I first met. The dress, however, proved to be the place I had to reign her in. My main goal was to not look like a cup cake in an over the top wedding dress. However, we did finally find a compromise. Alice scheduled appointments left and right in order for me to find the perfect wedding dress. After a month went by, I was terrified I wouldn't find a dress. With Alice's reassurance and hope, we eventually found a perfect dress. It was a ball gown, but was not as extravagent or gaudy as I feared. Instead, it was a lace dress with crystal detail along the bust and a crystal belt at the waist. Like Alice had predicted, I started crying as soon as I put it on. After I finished my breakfast and drew myself out of my reverie, Alice and Rosalie began to prepare to leave. "Are you ready to leave for the salon?" Alice questioned as I sprinted into the hotel bedroom and grabbed my bag. "Yep!" I answered as they shut the door behind me. "Are you nervous?" Rosalie questioned as we walked down to the parking garage. "It still feels so surreal," I admitted. "That today is here?" Rosalie asked. "No, that I'm getting married," I clarified. A few years ago, I thought I was going to move in with a guy who wasn't worth my time. He never cared, or did half the things Edward did. I was going to move in with a guy who I didn't love. I loved Jacob, but the feeling wasn't comparable to what I had with Edward. Comparing the love I had for Jacob against the love I had for Edward was like comparing a river to a whole ocean. "You never thought you'd get married?" Rosalie asked, shock evident in her voice. "After my Charlie and Renee divorced, I thought marriage was a waste," I replied. Marriage looked desirable when it was potrayed in the movies and in every Disney movie, but the reality was different. Marriage almost seemed like an idea, nice to think about, but impossible to execute. "And I'm not the girl that gets married," I added. "A girl like you can't stay single," Rosalie refuted. "Jake always talked about how he didn't believe in marriage. Instead, he promised to be with me and stay with me forever," I explained. "And after he broke up with me, I thought relationships and marriage were a waste of time, or they just wouldn't happen to me." I continued. "But they did," Rosalie argued. "And the funny thing was I thought I was in love with him. But looking back, I wasn't. I was settling, and the feelings I have for Edward are unlike anything I've ever had," I confessed. "I thought Edward would run away screaming and be like every other guy that I've met and leave. But he didn't. He stayed when it would have been easier to just give up and every single day I fall a little harder for him," I smiled. Alice was nearly in tears. "Bella, Edward is the luckiest man on the planet to have a woman like you," Alice said as she manuavered into the driver seat of her SUV. "I never thought he'd get married because he was so isolated. He seemed like a hermit, and bound to a life of misery and emptiness after his fiancee left him," Alice added. "But when he met you, it was like he changed completely. He was suddenly happier, and you made him a better person. And there's only one person who has been able to make him a better person, and that's you. So thank you, for making him into a man I never though he could be," Alice smiled at me. I felt my heart inflate in my chest. "It's true, Edward was the biggest asshole I've ever met before he met you," Rosalie agreed. The ride to the salon from there consisted of Alice calling the reception and Jasper to make sure the men were on track. As soon as I walked into the salon, Esme embraced me. "How is the bride doing?" Esme questioned as she smiled warmly. "I'm wonderful," I admitted. "Bella Swan?" The receptionist called out. I waved and she brought me to the nail part of the salon. It was almost calming as I had my nails done. I settled on simple French tips for my finger nails, and a crimson on my toes. After my manicure and pedicure were finished, I was hustled into the hair salon. Rosalie and Alice already had their hair half way done once I arrived. Of course, they had a bottle of wine opened as well. "Bella, do you want a glass?" Rosalie questioned. "I'll pass," I said. I did not want to be drunk on my wedding day. "Hey Bella," Angela greeted. I smiled at her while my stylist curled my hair. I had chose three bridesmaids: Alice, Rosalie, and Angela. "Angela, how are you?" I asked. "I'm doing great, how are you?" Angela questioned as she sipped her glass of wine. "I'm doing well, how is Ben?" I asked. Angela's eyes lit