MoD - Master of Defense Ch.1 Harry James Potter, Boy-Who-Lived, Man-Who-Won, Chosen One and all that tripe was perfectly happy living his life as it was, thank you very much! He had won the war, defeated Tom Riddle, got the girl and the job, his friends were finally together and had finally stopped their sexually repressed sniping that had been going on since third year… well, at least they toned it down a bit. The world wasn't perfect, there were still bigots, yes, and many other criminals who took advantage of the chaos at the end of the war to slip away, but it was more or less peaceful! He and Ginny were together! It all crashed down on his twenty-fifth birthday, when Hermione noticed a little detail while going thorough the photo album she had compiled for him for his twenty-third. He hadn't changed in a couple of years. Not only hadn't his hair, height or face changed, his weight was exactly the same. He hadn't aged a day for two years. Harry should have known that it was too good to last, typical Potter luck. Still, they didn't panic, for the love of Merlin, they went through much worse things. It was Ron who found the answer, it took him only a couple of minutes. "Mate, Harry, do you remember the day after the Battle of Hogwarts, when we took the Hallows and hid them, and they glowed for a bit?" he asked hesitantly. "Of course, we were afraid it would affect me somehow" Harry answered, thinking back at the days after the Battle of Hogwarts " but we know that nothing changed, apart from me having fewer problems with magic" he reminisced, flopping on a chair. Hermione continued cautiously, having understood where Ron was going " We thought that was the horcrux being removed, it was perfectly normal, even Professor Dumbledore's portrait agreed that it could have taken a toll on Harry's magic" Ron shook his head " I just remembered something that Aunt Muriel explained to us, when she was still trying to make a Prewett out of us" he explained with a laugh in his voice, trying to remember the exact words "It was something like 'the magical majority is not something always fixed, it depends on the bloodline and case too, but it is when the body adapts completely to the magic coursing through it and may have a few strange effects' more or less" he said, not noticing the pallor slowly overcoming Hermione's face. Harry licked his lips, cursing his luck again, and took a sip of butterbeer, trying to calm his furiously beating heart. " Like what?" he asked, hoping against hope. "I remember something about Uncle Lancelot, the one who worked at St. Mungo's; I think he had to change his wand as it wasn't working well for him during his first year as a Healer, something about an Erkling shooting him a dart when he was a fourth year and it having an effect later on, during in the magical maturity, as its foreign magic that should have killed him instead mixed with his" He recounted, scratching his head. They let the silence lull them, each thinking about what that could mean. A few minutes later, Ginny broke the calm, asking the question that was on the tip of everyone's tongue "So, what does that mean for Harry? What happens from now on?" Hermione shook herself slightly and answered " I still don't think it is possible for him to be the actual Master of Death, but in the Department there are records of the Peverell brothers being necromancers of the highest order" she took a breath, steeling herself "and it is perfectly possible that the three artifacts were lending their powers while receiving a bit of the life energy of their wielder, especially if he or she died early, and bringing them together, having accepted death and having Peverell blood in you may have granted you an extremely long life" she replied, torn between the need for knowledge that characterized the Researcher Unspeakable and worry about her friend. Harry ran a hand through his hair and on his face, shoulders slumping in defeat. He thought back on the last few years, on the rebuilding effort, auror training, his first assignments, the time spent with his brother and sister in all but blood, Ron and Hermione, and his girlfriend Ginny. Harry sighed again before regaining a bit of composure. He squared his shoulders and decided to take this new challenge on, like he did everything in his life. " If that is how the Hallows works, does is mean that I'll live like Nicholas Flamel for a while? You did say they took only a bit out of the wielder." he argued, trying to understand his new condition. "Oh Harry, I say that because otherwise we would have felt the constant stream of energy getting sucked out of us while using the cloak, but it doesn't mean that it will be a short time before you'll start moving in time again" Hermione explained. "It's probably a similar mechanism to the diary horcrux" she said, more excitedly, getting into her role, oblivious to the discomfort her words caused to Ginny, who took Harry's hands in hers, squeezing it to gather some comfort. "If a sixteen years old with only five years of magical training could do it, it was probably a piece of cake for the might of the Peverells. It is, after all, known that they were the most powerful wizards of the XII century" she cleared her throat, before resuming her explanation as more and more clues started to paint a clear image in her head "it was probably a very good thing that you didn't destroy it in one hit, but in multiple ones, otherwise the life energy sucked out of Ginny would have probably dispersed in an explosion, or even just dissipated instead of slowly returning to ginny as the strongest one in the link in those moments, otherwise she could have been left as a cripple, or a squib, or even aged prematurely" she reported offhandedly, before noticing the trembling of her friend. "Oh Ginny, I'm so sorry, you know how I am, I get excited and babble too much…" she panicked, before flunging herself at the redhead and hugging her tightly. Harry and Ron exchanged a look, silently passing understanding that only best mates who went through the hormonal years together know how to do. Once the two girls got themselves in order, they resumed their position and Hermione started her lecture again " I think that the Hallows form a bond with their wielder, and throughout it they slowly absorb life energy, and at the moment of the death of the wielder they take everything that can! This is why the youngest brother is considered the wisest, because he made his in such a way that it wouldn't damage the family, unlike the other two". She stopped for a bit, taking a stray bit of parchment and a pen and started writing a few calculations. The other three busied themselves making tea and preparing a tray with crumpets and jams, with the unspoken understanding that it was best to leave Hermione to her Arithmancy. After the break the smartest witch of her generation took a deep, fortifying breath and opened her mouth to report her findings, and Harry already felt a profound weariness, directly from his very soul, as if it already knew that it wouldn't like the results " I've made a few calculations, and considering a margin of +/- 10% the Hallows will give you a bit less than two thousand years to live, one thousand nine hundred and thirteen, exactly" she read, looking directly at Harry. Hermione then gave a small smile, that would have looked completely out of place to anyone else, but to Harry it meant a small new hope, and with that rekindled flame he asked her, almost pleadingly " I sense a but" then corrected himself "Please tell me there is a but!" Ginny and Ron leaned forward, still stunned by the sheer magnitude of the bomb just dropped, but willing to trust their bushy-haired friend. "There are a couple of ways I can think of" Hermione started, leaning back on the sofa "the first one would be sacrificial rituals, the one to increase the virility, is one I can think of on the top of my head". She shook her head seeing their disbelieving looks " Guys, do remember that magic is magic, it's a tool to be used carefully, but its not intrinsically good or evil" Harry nodded his head, having experienced the many facets of magic in his years as an Auror. "These kinds of rituals sacrifice a part of your living energy to obtain immediate benefits; the most obvious problem is the taint they leave on the soul" Hermione explained, noticing the disgusted looks and nodding in agreement with their assessment. "There are obviously purifying rituals that you could undertake, but in the long term it would all take its toll on you" she continued, sipping her by now lukewarm tea. When Harry made to speak she raised her hand, stopping any objections. "I know you wouldn't do it Harry, I told you about it to be thorough. There is another method, and while it's still in the experimental stage I'm pretty sure that it is what you are looking for." Hermione calmly explained, taking a little bite of a crumpet to loosen the knot in her stomach. "I can talk about this only because I'm the leader of the research group, and deem this situation to warrant it" She stated formally, resulting in a brief flash of magic, in acknowledgment of her decision. "Since our fifth year, when we destroyed every time turner at the Department, the Unspeakables have been trying various new methods to replicate the effects. One of these ended up being a way to move across parallel dimensions." She made eye contact with Harry, knowing that it was a crucial moment of his life and willing herself to give him all the help he might need. "In the last few years we have made few breakthroughs, but we have noticed that in various dimensions time seems to warp and both the travel and the stay would have an ageing effect on the body." Hermione sipped her tea a bit more, to hydrate her parched throat. "Normally travel between the dimensions is impractical and extremely difficult, as the traveler would age prematurely, possibly even arriving dead on the other side, and the few who could survive would be unable to return and report anything, so while the study of such dimensions is extremely fascinating, it never has fruited too much" she explained, noticing the understanding slowly dawning on Harry. He smiled at her, having got her meaning "And while anyone else would be unable to survive and return, I have both years to squander and an anchor to use" Then, thinking on it a bit more, he continued, this time more surely " And while I would still spend many years traveling around, I would still return here without too much time having passed, and while there I could even help the alternate versions of me!" he exclaimed, smiling brightly. Ginny and Ron looked at each other and sighed, knowing that little could stop those two now that they had started, Hermione on the many things that Harry's travels could mean for her research and Harry on how many people he could save and how he would prevent any other him to experience what he had. In the end it was decided that Harry would indeed travel around a bit, stopping in their original dimension after each leap to report and spend a bit of time with his friends and girlfriend to relax. o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o All in all, it would take