Tales of the Ghosts of the Future Chapter 1: The New Pilgrims "You say you never had planned to fly over Panem territory." Romulus Thread viewed the small girl sitting in the creaky wooden chair with a good deal of xenophobic suspicion. "You claim you were shot down and had no choice but to make a landing here given the weather." Romulus Thread never had much of an imagination and the fairy like creature sitting in front of his desk demanded the utmost from his ability to cope. The girl and the boy pilots had come from the outside world and were 'artificial humans' or as he knew it: cyborgs. Both of them had small slender, fit bodies, dark brown hair and amber eyes. The Capitol had its share of oddities; they would fit in had that been the only thing odd about them. As Thread questioned the female pilot, she flexed a set of fine, yellow wings with black borders made up of black diamond shaped yellow spots. "We weren't planning to land here but we had no choice." The little pilot sitting in the uncomfortable wooden chair sternly objected. "We were flying well over two hundred knots off the coast when a missile struck us and took out our starboard engine and damaged the wing. We had no choice but to try to find a place to land because our plane sustained too much damage to make it back to Reykjavik or to fly on to Kingston." "We found a good deal of equipment on your aircraft perfectly suited for spying." Thread sat back in his throne like wooden chair and tapped his black wooden desk. Thread watched her for a moment. She looked harmless but no one had any idea of her full capability. Both of them could fly and flew very well – a creature with flight made the best pilot. He had seen her unfold her butterfly like wings: a single flap held enough power to send papers and files flying. Her wings remained folded and behind her over the back of the chair. "The Caribbean Republic ordered a weather observation plane and my colleague and I had the contract to deliver it!" The little pilot banged her hands on the desk in protest. "The Caribbean weather office needed the equipment for forecasting tropical storms and hurricanes." Thread gave her a long thoughtful look. She had curious amber eyes, a uniform consisting of a gold and red trimmed black tunic that came to just below her knees and a sturdy set of boots with loose fitting red pants. She wore her dark brown hair in a delicate bun held up with a gold hair pin. She proved hard to read except for a certain dislike of him and District 12. "So you and your friend Karo are ferry pilots?" He said unemotionally. "You fly aircraft to customers around the world for The Sukhoi Aerospace Group ?" "I have explained that. We're ferry pilots." The young girl moved her long bangs out of her face. "You took all of our papers in your looting." Thread took out a thin blue book from his desk. "You are a cyborg? A Hyperdine Model GF450 Pilot Series ? You and your co – pilot are the same series and were brought online fourteen years ago? You two look a good deal alike." He leafed through the book. "I understand the Sukhoi Corporation holds your current ferry contract." The girl nodded as she prepared to leave. "I have sent off copies of the documents on the plane for translation." Thread leaned forward in his large leather chair. "I trust your word and the words of the translators will agree in all but the most trivial respects?" "If you have proficient Japanese translators then they should." Romulus Thread put the blue book back into the drawer of his desk and it locked as he slid it shut. "Well...we have spoken with both you and your friend Karo." Thread motioned with his hand for the girl to remain. "He told us much the same story; in fact he told us everything you have down to the last details. For now, I'll attribute this to your perfect electronic brains and picture perfect memories." He motioned again and two guards appeared from the hall outside. "We've decided to put you up in a place called Victor's Village as we don't want you talking to the locals. You will stay away from the fence around District 12: we have it electrified around the clock for security purposes." The guards approached slowly. "You will go with these two gentlemen." He waved and pulled out a tablet computer from his desk. He had ruffled the pride of the girl which was a good start. Thread began a report as soon as the doors had closed. Cybernetic technologies in the outside world had surged ahead as Karo and Azula – the two pilots showed. They were a full head shorter than the teenagers their age but this made sense – a small pilot weighed less. He had a coup with these two: President Snow and his scientists owed him for bringing them such fine examples of high technology. He began to dictate into his computer. She had a Peacekeeper on either side of her and their automatic weapons meant business. They didn't look like trained law enforcement and she was new to the District; perceived as a threat by their boss. She wanted to flex her wings as the cold air soaked them but she feared she might hit one of them. Her wings could lift her off the ground and had the power to break open a human skull. The Peacekeepers must have understood this. They waited for her to comply and never used force as they led her to her new home. They trudged through the deep snow. The Peacekeepers found it knee high although Azula found it came up to her belly and her wings dragged along in the fresh snow making them even colder. If Thread wanted her to stay in one house, the snow served to imprison her quite well. Karo had made the same trip prior in the day and Azula saw him resting on a ruddy red couch as the Peacekeepers led her into the house. "I love this place." Karo helped Azula to the musty smelling couch. "We have been made to feel most welcome and the police ensure we won't have any parking violations." Karo had felt the cold and the snow. He had dragged his wings through the cold stuff and now felt completely chilled. He could stand the cold but the snow had worked its wet way into his clothes and he felt completely chilled. He had the reaction of someone thrown into cold water and he still had not managed to quit shivering and his brain worked slowly and kept taking time to find words. He understood full well he couldn't leave the house for long in the deep snow: if he fell and got stuck, he'd die. He had an ugly pink comforter for Azula. "They think we're a joke." Azula stuttered as she grabbed the blanket. "We're machines to them. How do we prove them wrong and get out of this?" Karo had never thought about this. He had always had a certain purpose in his life, the instincts engineered into him to carry out his duties and whether by design or because of a personality quirk; he had never thought too much about being a machine. Technology had made genetic engineering sophisticated enough to make humans to order and millions of people had acquired partly artificial brains and would have died or been crippled in horrid ways without them. He viewed himself as a human with modifications. Karo stood up and paced the room and in his quiet manner stated: "I haven't got an answer for that." "You saw the gallows." Karo felt the room grow dark in spite of the bright light of the midwinter afternoon. "Harsh conditions make for harsh people." Karo looked out of the window of the aging house. "At least we haven't seen it put to use." "They will take us apart." Azula had begun to shiver less. They had been provisioned with a fine old wood stove and some sensitive soul had stoked it to drive off the cold he found so horrible. He decided to suppress the image of the gallows as best he could and let the wood heat warm him up. "What they won't find is what makes us – us." Karo watched a pumpkin orange cat run across the yard between their house and the neighbor's. The television offered gruesome reruns of previous Hunger Games which deeply offended Karo and Azula's tastes. The forty two inch screen up on the wall had nothing else on offer – nothing other than one channel run by the state and one prime time show – reruns of the Hunger Games . Karo and Azula agreed no to ever turn it on and hoped the authorities couldn't force them to watch. The Peacekeepers under the command Romulus Thread had confiscated everything they could carry off the plane. Karo and Azula had their clothing and harmless personal items returned but the authorities kept anything that looked advanced or suspect and Karo already imagined they had plans to take the plane apart and ship it to their engineers. The day made him feel a bit better. He could feel the warmth of the sun through the living room window and despite the banks of snow in the front yard; he wanted to go out. "We're we expecting to be arrested?" Karo asked Azula as she tried to make tea on the wood stove. "Someone's knocking at the door." Karo had stared out of the living room window all morning and even an arrest or another one of Thread's interrogations would break the boredom. "Yes?" Karo opened the door without hesitation. A blond haired boy with blue eyes and blond hair stood in the doorway with a wicker basket. "I'm Peeta. I live next door." He smiled. Karo had never had seen anyone in District 12 smile at him. Peeta had seen these odd little people that morning struggling in the snow trying to walk. They didn't belong. Karo's amber colored eyes had a strange look in them – amber eyes weren't uncommon in the Capitol. Unlike people from the Capitol working their way into debt with cosmetic lenses, Karo didn't blink like a human. He had never seen a person with butterfly wings outside of children's books and it him time to collect his wits. "I brought some bread for you." Peeta announced and pulled a white towel off the basket showing two well made loaves. "Welcome to District 12 – you may not feel welcome." "I've met Thread..." Azula said sadly as she waited for the kettle to boil. "We're not suppose to mix with the locals." "The Peacekeepers give those in Victor's Village a few liberties." Peeta answered back. "You can't expect to arrive in the neighborhood and not be welcomed." Karo motioned the young man inside as the cold air wafted into the house. "Can you get us past the electric fence?" The answer was no. Peeta carried Karo on his shoulder. The distance from Victor's Village to the town square was under a kilometer but Karo and his friend Azula were not at all able to cope in the snow without looking pathetic as their wings dragged, they strggled and fell over or got stuck. They looked like pathetic little children as they struggled to keep their footing and they getting trapped in drifts. Peeta offered to carry Karo to the town square expecting the little pilot to weigh as much as a twelve year old child. Karo was freakishly light; far lighter than he ought to be. Karo was freakishly strong as well. He