Steven Hawking was at the IJLSA headquarters. It was a secret cave thousands of miles under the earth. There were many strange machines present and shelves with exotic or even supernatural weapons. In the middle of the room, there was a elliptic table with people. They were all looking at an giant monitor in which was a guy that looked like Jörg Haider except not dead. "Three of our agents, the Dursleys, are dead." said the guy in the monitor, their boss. The agents mumbled. The boss said "They were murdered by the evil wizard Harry Potter, the worlds most notorious Cthulhu cultist. Agent Hawkings, I choose you to stop him!" "Alright, I will not fail you! For the fate of humanity!" said Steven Hawking as he went to the time machine and teleported himself. Harry Potter was in his room in the Gryffindor tower. There were skellingtons nailed to the wall, everything was in a red and black color scheme and everyone whore black robes with pentagrams and arabic. Harry, Hermine and Ron were performing a satanic ritual. "Thank you, o Satan for helping me escape from Azerkaban", said Harry. "Your welcome", said Satan. Harry was planning on summoning Cthulhu again, so he needed a sacrifice. Stephen Hawking appeared from an blue portal in the albanian forest. Lord Voldemaart, Professor Snape and Draco were congratulating themselves for their past victories. "I am Stephen Hawkings and I came to help you to prevent the evil Harry Potter from summoning Cthulhu. "Oh, good", said Volemort. Meanwhile in the Gryffnindoor tower: Harry said "Our last attempt at summoning Cthulhu failed, so we need a new plan!" "We can make a demon clone lab to clone Voldemord and sacrifice him to summon Cthulhu." said Heroin. "So you are an agent of the International Justice League of Super Acquaintances and you want to defeat Harry Potter onece and for all?" said Snape. "Yes", said Stephen Hawking, "I have the technology to find an eternal prison for him". "What are you talking about?" said Drago Malfoy the rebel. "I speak of nothing but... throwing him into a black hole!" The albanian forest was a pretty forest with many beutuful trees. There was a river next to which the Death Eaters had their camp. Voldemord said to Stephen Hawking "Good. You are out ally now. Me and you and Draco and Professor Sniper must go to Hogwarts to obduct him!" Snape said: "But how are we supposed to get there? We are in the middle of nowhere!" "Don't worry! I am Cosmos and I am Stephen Hawkings laptop and I can open portals" said Stephen Hawkings laptop. "That's conveniant" said Snape. Meanwhile Harry and Ron and Hermine finnished building their demon clone lab. "Now we just need some of Voldemords DNA to clone him" said Hermione. "Already done" said Harry while holding Voldemaarts nose, "This nose was in my parents house when Voldemords nose fell off" The clone machine looked like the clone machine in the first Pokémon movie. Harry put the nose in. The heroes were travelling through a wormhole. "Holy shit" said Draco, "How does this work?" "Easy", said Stephen Hawking while rolling his wheelchair through the wormhole, "we are travelling from one point of 3-dimensional space to another by biting a tunnel through 4-dimensional space, like a worm reaches the other side of an apple by tunelling through it." "So, what is our plan again?" said Snape. "We infiltrate their castle, then I force Harry into space to fall into a black hole. You sneak through the air wents, I can't since I'm in a wheelchair so I just roll through the halls and zap everyone who sees me." While Voldemoort and Drago and Snape were crawling through the vents, Stephen Hawkings was driving through the hallways. It was night, so no students were there. Suddenly, Dumbledore while humming rap music! Steven Hawking hoped that he would be too senile to notice him, but suddenly Dumbledore noticed him and said "Walking in the hallways is forbidden... wait a minute! You are Stephen Hawking, an allie of Voldemord! Uhh, now we must fight... although since I'm a wizard and your not and also you are paralyzed... let's instead have a rap battle!" "I may be paralyzed, but I could build new legs with my alien technology, but you can't improve yourself in any way, since you are stupid, and stupid is forever!" and ran Dumbledore over with his wheelchair, then he reversed it and ran him over again until he was 200% dead. Meanwhile Voldemord and Snape and Drago the rebel finished going through the vents. Steven Hawking reached the elevator and elevated into the basement where the Gryffingdoor tower was. While he was riding elevator, the other heroes came from the vents into the elevator. "Oh, good, we are reunited" said Snape. Meanwhile in Harrys clone lab: The Voldemord clone was finally ready. Harry pressed a button and the machine opened, with a guy without nose and hair came out. Harry said "Let's bring him to the satanic sacrifice room!" Suddenly, Voldemord, Draco, Sniper and Stephen Hawking zapped a hole into the cieling and fell! "Voldemord, my archnemesis! Die!" said Harry Potter. Harry Potter fought Voldemaart and Draco and Snape fought Hermione and Ron. Meanwhile Stephen Hawking sneaked with his wheelchair to the self destruct button. But suddenly, the Voldemort clone came to Stephen Hawkings and asked "Who am I?" and accidentally destroyed the self destruct botton with magic. "Oh, look! I always knew human cloning was possible but they didn't believe me! You are a Voldemort clone." "Oh my god" said the clone. Meanwhile Voldemoord and his minions defeated the evil Cthulhu cultists. Stephen Hawking asked Voldemaart: "There is a clone of you, you beter talk to him." "Oh look, my own clone." said Voldemord, "now neither of us will be virgins". He then put his wand to his head and pulled memory from his brain and put it to the clone. "Oh look! I now remember everything you remember!" said the clone. Stephen Hawking said "Finally! Harry is unconcous" and went to him. "Cosmos, teleport him to the black hole!" The computer made a countdown of 5 minutes. Suddenly, Satan! "I will never be defeated! My son Cthulhu must be summoned!" said he. Out of Stephen Hawkings wheelchair came a minigun which shot at him and Waldemar and Drago and Sniper zapped him with spells. 3 minutes. Satan shot hellfire at the good guys. Drago was hit on the arm and collapsed. Voldemord ran slowly of of power, Sniper droppes his wand so he used his rifle instead. It was a hard battle, but Satan was winning. Suddenly, a arm came out of Stephen Hawkings wheelchair which held a steak and hit it against the devil. "NOOO! Steaks!", said the devil, "my only weakness!" and he went back to hell. 15 seconds. Finally, a portal opened and Harry Potter, Hermione and Ron Stoppiple were sucked in. Harry Potter woke up in outer space. "Wake up!" he said to Ron and Hermine. "We are in space!" Harry put a magic air bubble around himself and the other wizards so they won't explode. Suddenly, Ron noticed a anomality in space. There was a black hole present and it warped the space and light around it. Its gravity caused Harry, Ron and Hermione to fall into it. Harry looked at Ron and Hermine and fell and fell and fell and fell and fell. He fell and fell and fell and fell and faded out. Harry woke up in a pretty city with many beutiful buildings. "Where are we?" said Ron. "You insolvent fool!" said Hermine, "the machine I just built since Im a nerd says that we went to a paralell dimension when we fell through the black hole." Suddenly, some bald guy fell from the sky. "Oh look, it's Satama from One Punch Man!", said Hermine. "I watch that anime because Im a nerd." "Don't you know anime is a sin? Here, it says so in the bible." said Harry while showing Hermine the section of the bible. "I'm a satanist yet I still agree." "Fuck you, anime man!" said Harry and he poked Saitama with a finger and he instantly exploded. The entire thing happened in the night, but then the sun rose but it was black and warped the space and light around it. Harry said "Wait a minute! The sun in the One Punch Man world is a black hole?" "Yes", said Hermine, "I know that because I'm a nerd." The black hole started to suck in Ron, Hermine, Harry and cars and people and buildings and they fell and fell and fell and fell and fell. Harry and Hermine and Ron were back in London. "Oh look!" said Harry, "We are back home!" But suddenly, another Harry, Hermine and Ron appeared. Those were dressed normally and not satanistically. The new Harry said "Let's kill the evil Voldemort!" The old Harry said "Wait, we are evil and Voldemaart is good and we know it, we do everything for the fun of killing" "Wait, you look like me!" "You must be a fake version of me!" "Why are you dressed so weird?" "I don't know. Why are YOU so dressed weird?" "We always dressed like that. Why do you have insane world views." "Uhm, I don't want to interrupt you" said Hermione, "but since I'm a nerd I know that when people meet their alternate reality versions of themselves, a reality breaking paradox occurs." Suddenly, a time paradox came! Out of it came a black hole and it sucked both versions of the Harry Potter main cast up and they fell and fell and fell and fell. The people appeared in Hogwarts. "Oh look!" said both versions of Harry Potter, "we are finally back!" But it was another alternate reality. A girl appeared. "My name is TaEnoby Dementia Dank'ness and I am a goff." Another Harry, Hermine and Drago the rebel appeared and they looked goffik and there were scars on their wrists from the cutting. "Greet Satan, my name is..." said Harry, "Uhm, ooh, what the fuck is going on?" said the goffik Harry Potter. "We are the Gryffingdoor gang, the most notorious Satanists and Cthulhu cultists in our world!" said Harry. "We are Dumbledores army and we fight for good and against the evil Lord Voldemort!" said Harry. "We are XBloodXTearsX and we are the most goffik Satanists in the world! We worship Satan by hearing edgy music every day!" said Harry "Vampire" Potter. "That's not how you worship Satan though. You worship Satan by sacrificing cats and virgins. Also, you should worship Cthulhu on top of Satan so you become twice as demonic" "Hm, good idea" said the goffik Harry, also called Vampire, "Hermine is a nerd so she's a virgin, right? Let's worship the canon version of her since she's not a Satanist so she's useless." "Wait, noooo..." said Hermine as the two satanist versions of the Harry Potter main cast forced her into a pentagram and avada kedavra'd her. "You know what" said Harry, "Let's sacrifice the others of the canon cast too, they are moral apostolates." and they got zapped too. Satan was pleased with the many human sacrifices, so he summoned a black hole. "Oh no, not again" said everyone as they fell and fell and fell and fell. You might be confused on how many versions of the Harry Potter characters are currently travelling, so let me list them: Harry the Satanist Harry "Vampire" the goffik Satanist Ron the Satanist Ron "Diabolo" the goffik Satanist Drago the rebel the goffik Satanist Hermine the Satanist Hermine "Bloody Mary" the goffik Satanist TaEnoby the goffik Satanist The black hole lead them straight to hell. Hell was an upside down beehive in a sea of lava. Some demons appeared. "Oh, you must be the villains of the prophecy" said the demons and high-fived everyone. "The prophecy?"