June 2006 Riley lunged at Edward in hopes to distract him just for a second. That was all the time Victoria needed to get her hands on Bella. The sound of rock clashing rang through the clearing as Riley got to Edward. Fear and disbelief flashed in Edward's tawny eyes as Riley collided with him, taking his attention away from Bella. She was unprotected. Victoria wrapped her cold, stoney hand around Bella's neck, her nails digging into the soft flesh. Triumph filled the vampire's face as Bella quivered in fear, her hands gripping Victoria's wrist. A feral growl erupted as Seth leapt at Riley and took him off of Edward. Edward was on Victoria, ripping her away from his mate, gripping her head in his hands and snapping her neck, working to pull her body apart. But the damage was done. As Victoria was pulled from Bella, her nails sliced deep, rupturing an artery. Bella gasped and fell to her knees, her hands at her neck as tears flowed freely from her eyes. Seth continued to drag Riley into the forest where he ripped the vampire apart, changing to set the remains a flame. Edward turned to Bella and agony took hold of him as he saw the blood spilling from her neck like a waterfall. She was dying. He yelled and lunged at her, grabbing her shoulders to pull her close. He sank his teeth into her flesh along her shoulder, letting the venom enter her bloodstream and move through her body. Fearing that it wouldn't be enough due to the gaping wound in her neck, he took her right wrist and bit the soft flesh, letting more venom enter her body. Bella's transformation took two and a half days. After which the Cullen's knew they had to leave. While it had been done to save her life, Edward still changed a human. This was something that went against the La Push Treaty. They caused a gas leak in the house, resulting in a small explosion and the house burning down. What little remains were left of the newborns and Victoria were used to act as the Cullen family and Bella in order to fake their deaths. It pained Bella greatly to do this to her father, but she knew it was better this way. With the house still burning, the Cullen family left Forks forever. Ten Years Later It was a particularly nice day in Forks, Washington. It took a while for things to return to normal after the newborn battle and the "death" of the Cullens and Bella, but eventually it happened and the town resumed being a small town where nothing happened. At least, until someone bought the Cullen property and construction started. It took nearly three months to get the new house built, and no one knew when the new owner would be arriving. Though, everyone was interested. Including some of the La Push residents. A ruby red Ford Focus Electric with tinted windows entered Forks as the sun began to rise, not that anyone would be able to watch a sunrise with the overcast weather. The car continued on the highway, pulling off before continuing towards La Push. The driver slowed the car, looking for the right street, turning and entering a road with no distinct streets. The driver slammed on the brakes after a little while and reversed, having barely missed the desired turn. The car turned onto a lane that wound through trees for a short time before opening up to a fairly clear opening where a house stood at the end. The car stopped in front of the house as the driver stared through the tinted windows at the two story house in front of them. It was a two story house with a garage port to the right. While the original house had once had windows for walls, this house seemed fairly normal, with the addition of large windows to allow light in on sunny days, however few. The outside of the house had grey bricks in two different shades, a light grey for most of the exterior, but a darker grey encompassed two feet high on the bottom of the house. This house was built specifically at the new owner's request with three bedrooms, three bathrooms, a spacious living room, a large kitchen, a dining room, as well as a dance studio attached to the house. After a few moments, the car pulled around the right side of the house where the double garage door was opening and it pulled into the farthest spot before its engine was cut. The car door opened and a woman stepped out. Even in a pair of skinny jeans tucked into heeled boots, one would use the term "legs for days" for her. She stood at five feet ten inches with a slim build that matched her height. No one could say she was tall and lanky. Her caramel brown hair fell in waves down to the middle of her back. Along with the dark skinny jeans and brown heeled boots, she wore a brown round neck sweater that hugged her curves, accentuating her breasts. Almond shaped eyes looked around the currently empty garage. Anyone who saw her eyes would stare for the longest time, amazed at the mixture of emerald green and cognac. Every day she was around people she heard just how beautiful her eyes were. The two colors blended together in a burst from the pupil with the cognac around the pupil, mixing together but still managing to be separate from one another. She had high cheekbones, with a straight nose that rounded a little at the tip. Her full lips were naturally a deep pink, one would describe them as kissable. Her hair framed her face in a tapered layered effect, though not giving her bangs of any sort. Something about her seemed radiant. Maybe it was her soft, sun kissed skin. It was that perfectly tanned color that some pale women killed for. Though, anyone could tell it was something more than just healthy skin, even if they couldn't name it. The tall, vibrant woman shifted the purse she was holding to her shoulder and took the special charging cable from the wall in front of the car and plugged it into the port on the driver's side about the front tire. She stepped over the cord and walked in front of the car to the door that would lead into the house. Pulling the silver key from among her key ring, she unlocked the door and stepped inside. Everything was dark due to the lack of sunlight. She felt along the wall, knowing there should be a light switch to her left. Sure enough there was a light switch and she flicked it on. Light filled the short hallway. Straight ahead of her the glass door allowed her to see the dance studio she had requested. A small smile pulled at her lips as she saw the studio. She was already itching to dance. Almost immediately to her right was a door that lead to a bathroom. The door next to that revealed a closet that could be used as storage. It would probably remain empty for the time being. She looked at the studio again, fighting the urge to dance. She had to get ready for the moving truck. She continued to move through the house, turning on lights as she went and inspecting the new building. With a couple of hours until the moving truck arrived, she retrieved a few boxes from her car and put them on the counters in the kitchen. She began to unpack them, one box containing bottles red and white wine that she put in a built in wine fridge under the counter. A small cubby was built in next to the wine fridge that she slid wine glasses from another box into the built in groves. Eight wine glasses fit just under the counter and she put more stemless wine glasses on a shelf that was just below the hanging wine glasses. The other two boxes were more kitchen items that she unpacked before sitting on the stairs in the foyer to wait for the movers. When they finally arrived after eight in the morning, a moving crew quickly began making work of moving the items in the truck into the house. The woman instructed the movers where everything would be going, her expression neutral as she tried to stay out of the way. Due to the fact that she was alone, the moving crew stayed until all of the furniture was where she wanted it and the boxes, what few there were, were placed in their respective rooms. When the moving crew left it was well past noon. She stood in the entryway to the living room, staring at a box on top of the round table in the breakfast room to the right that was attached to the kitchen. It was one of the last boxes to have been brought in from the truck. The delicate and foreign script almost made her heart stop. Aidan's Pictures. She didn't have any pictures, everything had been burned to a crisp in the fire a decade ago. Sadness gripped her heart as she walked over to the table and peeled the tape off of the box. She slowly opened the flaps of the box to see a silver looking envelope with her name in the same script as on the box sitting on top of what looked to be photo albums. She lifted it and turned it over to see a wax seal with a crescent moon keeping the letter closed. Breaking the seal, Aidan pulled out the letter and began to read it, her eyes beginning to shine with tears. Our Little Flame, We have been unable to protect you from those that wish to do you harm, for that we are all sorry. We have all seen our fair share of children come and go, but you have become more than just another child, you have stolen our hearts and we regret that we can not keep you safe. While your life is your own and you must live it on your own, we want to do what we can for you. Ensuring that your family's estate rests in your hands once again, giving you all the material possessions we could, and pointing you in the right direction is all that we can do. Returning to you the past you lost because of us. Finding a place where you could settle down and call home. This is all that we can do for you, little flame. Your mother, her soul happy within the Elysian Fields, wanted you to live and be happy. We cannot use our divine powers to ensure your safety, but we can use them to help make you happy. The past is just that, the past. Stop running, accept what happened and work towards a new future. Remember who you are, where you came from, and think about where you want to go. It's okay to let yourself be happy. We hope that these memories will help you remember that you could be happy, that you were happy once. With love, Artemis P.S. Should you need us, you have the woods surrounding you and the ocean close by. We will come when you call. Aidan rubbed the tears from her eyes as her body began to glow softly. She shook her head and the glow disappeared. Setting the letter on the table she took out the first album and sat down. She only had to open it to the first page to feel the sadness grip at her heart and a lump form in her throat as she fought tears again. Aidan Hallowell: Birth - 5 years, was written on the front page in a cursive that she recognized as her mother's. A sonogram picture