Falling Inside the Black Summary: " She has Edward. That's who she loves! Not you!" He gripped her wrists and she looked up at him, her eyes were begging him, pleading for him not to leave her. "You're not my imprint, Nozomi." Pairings: Jacob/OC Paul/OC Leah/OC Note: I hope you'll enjoy this fanfiction, I've decided to take a crack at this genre so be gentle alright? S/N: Story is based around the song Victim of Love by Cash Cash " What does she have that I don't! She's a human! A helpless human who can't even protect herself from a motorcycle accident much less anything else! I'm your imprint Jake! All the stolen kisses, hugs and talks? Do they mean nothing to you?!" A ninja like her had been taught to never show her emotions but she couldn't help it. She had enough of him fawning over a woman who didn't love him the way she did. She was a skilled warrior, always had been, always will be. A woman who would slaughter newborns or whatever target she was given without hesitation. And anything else if he wished for it. She would do /anything/ for him, all he had to do was ask! She felt the tears sliding down her cheeks before she looked up at him. She banged on his chest and her voice was filled with sobs. Standing in her special place in the forest, she was not ready for his response! Why was he being so foolish!? " She needs me, Nozomi." Her heart shattered. No. No. No. "She has Edward. That's who she loves! Not you! Please believe me! I heard her!" He gripped her wrists and she looked up at him, her eyes were begging him, pleading for him not to leave her. For him to see the truth and understand her own plight! "She needs me. She will understand that. She loves me!" He said with finalization. She shook her head and tugged her wrists from his hands. " I'm your imprint! Jake, please!" "You're not." It was so low she almost missed it. " What?" Her voice spoke softly. " You're not my imprint, Nozomi. I'm renouncing our bond. It means nothing." He confessed. She couldn't feel anything. It hurt. Everything hurt. Like it was crumbling all around her. She lifted her hand, and her palm connected to his cheek with a mighty smack. Her heart had shattered and reformed into a stone. A small piece of her, the loving piece had wanted him to take it back. Tell her he lied, tell her he loved her like he did when he made love to her beneath the sheets and under her soft hands. " Leave." Was her last word she said to him. And he turned and left her in the field without a word. A Few Weeks Earlier: The sun peeked over the horizon and the young girl was awoken by it rays. She rubbed her eyes and sat up in the plastic palace that was called a tent. She looked over to the plastic zipper and unzipped it before peeking out. It was super rainy outside. An umbrella would be needed for the day. That's good. Rainiest place in the world, but it gave her a good excuse to use all her beautiful parasols and chunky boots. Her heels, her leotards, all of it would be of use. Especially if the rumors are true. She turned and zipped up her sleeping bag and pulled out her clothing for today. She would be starting school at a place called La Push high. It was strange but this was where they sent her and she had to obey. High school would be strange but she was sure she'd do okay. Hopefully. She walked to the river in her white sleeping yukata. Stepping into the water; a shiver seized her body, nothing would beat a hot shower but she had to wait until the renovations were done. As of two weeks ago, she was staying with an old man and woman who ran a small dojo for martial arts. She had been one of their students for a while and she still was. Though for now she had to be patient while the renovations were being done to the house. They had to fly in someone to fix up the house, since it was Japanese styled and the girl in question was pretty sure no one in La Push knew how to fix Shogi doors. She mused about it during her bath before she stepped out the river and dried herself. A hum passed her lips as she dressed for the day. A leotard was wrapped in her body as she slipped on her black jeans. Her hips were exposed, along with her tattoo of her village, the black dragons. The leotard was tied behind her neck with a little bow in the front. She slipped on a pair of chunky boots. She tugged a brush through her short red hair and she smiled at herself in the mirror. After quickly brushing her teeth she grabbed her school bag, closed her tent and ran out the forest. She was excited for school here! She had never been to a real high school with other people. In her own village, she was trained to be a ninja and other stuff she needed to now but it was strict, with no room for complaint or freedom. But here, it was such a nice place, a little rainy but she didn't mind, it was a nice change! She could hear the pitters of the rain falling on the plastic of her parasol. She stopped in front of the school and her eyes widened. Wow! How interesting, did they not change shoes or anything? She shook her head before walking in ignoring the whispers of the student body. Apparently it was rare that they got new students and it didn't help that she was from out of the country it seemed. She could hear their whispers of her unusual red hair. If they thought that to be strange then they should meet the clan leader's daughter. Her hair was white! The young girl made her way to the office and opened the door. "Hello I'm the new student? Watashi...Nozomi." She spoke. The woman looked up at her and chuckled before handing her a schedule and shooing her out the office. Wow, how strange. Nozomi shrugged and read the paper before walking the crowded halls, dancing in between people so she wouldn't bump into them. She didn't like people enough to touch them, like so. Especially since they kept giving her those dirty looks. She made her way to the door and it opened letting out that cold air conditioning. Nervous, something she rarely felt but she did this time. Walking in, the teacher's eyes widened. "Nzomee." The woman spoke. Nozomi raised an eyebrow as the woman incorrectly butchered her name. She looked at the chalkboard and picked up the chalk before writing it. NOZOMI TSUBASA. "Ah Nozomi, Please introduce yourself." The teacher spoke warmly. "I am Nozomi Tsubasa, I come from Hiroshima Japan, in the Hayabusa village. I hope you'll take care of me." The tent-using girl dipped her head and the class stared in wonderment. She looked up and made her way to an empty desk; which happened to be next to a chocolate-eyed male. A strong looking one at that, she ignored the stares of disbelief as she sat there without making eye contact to the male. Most people were a little frightened to sit next to Jacob. He glared at her and she took a seat next to him before looking ahead and taking out a notebook and a pen. She wanted to take good notes, learning English was a tad difficult for her but she would be diligent and study hard. She had no time for glaring boys. She didn't look at him not once and that unnerved him. He eyed the piece of metal in her ear, a blue tooth? She had one in school? What for? Listening to music? His heightened sense of hearing didn't hear anything from it, so it couldn't be music. He was thinking to hard about it. He shook his head. It didn't matter. She wasn't important. =w= The day went by quickly and she stood before grabbing her bag before she turned and looked at her partner. It was the same guy from that morning the one she sat by. Time had stopped. Everything had ceased to be, he was beautiful to look at and in turn, she couldn't stop looking. It was like the world stopped turning just to allow her to look at him. She shivered before breaking eye contact with him. A blush crossed her face before turning her head. He grabbed her wrist and she turned to look up at him. "Can I help you?" She asked softly, her own red eyes meeting his molten brown ones once more. "I'm Jacob, Jacob Black." "Nozomi Tsubasa." She murmured gently, taking her hand back before turning. "See you around, Zomi." He told her. She nodded making her way to her locker. The younger girl opened the metal and sighed softly as she placed her notebook within it and snagged her other one instead. She wondered if she would find /her/ here. Her and a girl named Leah Clearwater had been pen pals for a year or so but recently, she'd never get a reply back from her letters. It was little worrisome especially with all the strange attacks going on. She didn't wish for anything to happen to the female. She could always tell how brash Leah was from how she spoke in her letter's. The female had a brother, a male named Seth Clearwater, Nozomi knew if she could find him, she could find Leah. Thinking about it, she could easily find him if she went looking for him. She grabbed a book from her locker and turned before closing it and walking out of the school into the much brighter day. Her parasol swung on her hip as she stepped into the damp grass. The small girl didn't notice a group of females glaring at her. If she did, she didn't care. Nozomi waited it out on a bench at the edge of the school eying the male who was with a group of other attractive men. Her heart raced seeing Jacob even from this distance. A part of her wanted to know why she felt this way and the other part didn't mind it too much. She opened her bento box and pulled out chopsticks before placing rice in her mouth. She was a very small eater, for good reason. Even though she lived in a tent, she had resources to make sure she would have food for the next day. The small portion chicken, the rice balls and the wieners vanished as she ate. Her red eyes looked up at the males before a young lady joined them. She was quite cute. Nozomi's gaze was the stolen by a female who stood in the way of her observation. She looked up at a girl who was quite pretty, blonde hair green eyes. "You're the new girl who sat next to Jacob so boldly." She sneered. The new girl took it back, this female in front of her was ugly now. Nozomi rolled her eyes at her, she had heard of these kinds of people. Bullies right? More like a nuisance. "And if I am?" The ninja asked with a raised eyebrow. "If you know what's good for you, you'll stay far away from Jacob." She warned. Nozomi didn't bat an eyelash at this girl but she did raise an eyebrow as this blatant threat. "Look here girl." "Its Keira!" "Keira, I will sit by Jacob if I please. I will befriend who ever I please and you and your little