"Steady," Jasper warned, his voice carried by the breeze. I dug my fingers into the bark of the tree. My muscles tensed as I prepared to spring from the branch. "Steady," Jasper repeated. Our gazes were trained on the young mountain lion that crept through the undergrowth; the lion's target was a deer that grazed a couple hundred yards away. I inhaled, taking in the heady scents of the forest, of the wind and the promise of rain. I watched as the cat crept forward, his fur rippling over his muscles. I knew he was warm, and his blood would be tart with adrenaline. I let out a low growl and slid my stare over to my uncle, who sat perched in the neighboring tree. He watched me with a smirk. Hunting with Jasper was different than with my other uncle, Emmett. Jasper was lean and wiry; Emmett was shaped like a star linebacker. Where Emmett would have crashed through the forest with the subtlety of a tank, Jasper insisted on finesse. He had decades more of fighting experience, with the scars to prove it, and so my physical training often fell to him. Jasper was also the one who understood my cravings the most. I respected him as a teacher, but I was hungry. "Ready," I hissed. Jasper shook his head, and I stifled the urge to snarl. "Wait until he leaps for the deer. He will be too focused to sense your attack. A few seconds more." Jasper glanced down at the cat, then looked up at me slyly. "Or," he suggested, "wait until he decides to jump. Anticipate his decision before he moves. Can you?" I shook my head but watched the cat intently. The animal stilled. Without waiting for Jasper, I leapt. I cut through the air silently, but the cat dodged to the left as my feet skittered along a branch. The startled deer bounded back into the thick of the trees. I cursed and followed the cat, running along the branches above the animal. The mountain lion was fast, but I kept up. I needed to get just ahead of it before I attacked. If it dodged again I'd hit the ground empty handed. Jasper suddenly appeared just ahead of the mountain lion. He winked up at me. With a frustrated cry I pushed off the trunk of the tree and landed on the animal's back. It reared back as I sunk my teeth into its neck. The animal writhed and rolled onto its back, but I held fast. When it struggled upright again I snapped its neck and fell onto its limp body, sucking greedily. When I was sated, I sat back in the dirt and wiped my mouth. "Well," Jasper drawled, "that's not exactly what I had in mind." I rolled my eyes up at him, but accepted the hand he offered and stood up. "Sorry," I muttered. "Don't be. You would have gotten it eventually. It takes time to improve." He glanced up at the sun, which dipped closer to the horizon. "But we are unfortunately short on time. Alice will insist you change before your parents arrive." I looked down. My clothes were torn and I had several cuts from my frantic flight through the trees. My ponytail had come loose and I was filthy from rolling around in the dirt with mountain lion. My aunt Alice was fastidious, to say the least. I could imagine her reaction when she saw me. "Don't worry," Jasper said, amusement in his voice as he sensed my mood - literally. Jasper's many talents included an extreme empathy which allowed him to share in, and manipulate, others emotions. "She's probably seen us coming. No point in putting off the inevitable, right?" It wasn't exactly true. Alice could see the future - or rather, she could see the outcome of the decisions made by humans and vampires. But her power was thwarted by other supernatural creatures, rendering it nothing more than a kind of telepathic static. Shapeshifters weren't clear to her, but I wasn't a shapeshifter. Luckily for me, I was a vampire/human hybrid. Which, in addition to many other complications in life, meant that Alice had difficulty reading my fate. I grinned at Jasper, allowing him to lift my mood. It wasn't the first time I'd fallen a bit short in a hunt. Being half-mortal in a family of supernaturals tempered your ego. "Let's not keep her waiting then. Race?" Jasper graciously waved a hand, allowing me the head start. I took off immediately. I needed the head start. He was behind me in a fraction of a second. I could hear the rapid whirr of his footfalls as I sprinted through the undergrowth. But he didn't overtake me, not yet. He was taunting me. I rolled my eyes but pushed harder. Taunting me was something my uncles had in common. In a matter of seconds, the house loomed before us in the clearing, a large modern mansion with more windows than walls. Instead of springing towards the porch, like Jasper expected, I flipped backwards through the air. Jasper skidded to a stop. Before he could fully turn I ducked and swept my leg at his feet. He flipped to avoid it, but I knew he would. I twisted up through the air and slammed my other leg across his shins before he could complete the move. We landed in a heap, laughing. "What is going on out here?" Alice appeared on the balcony and frowned down at us. I lifted my face from the dirt but I was giggling too much to reply. Jasper crossed his ankles and reclined on his elbows. He looked like a dandy in a Monet painting. "Just hurrying home to you, ma'am," Jasper drawled. Alice's mouth twitched, but when her amber eyes landed on me they went wide. "You." She commanded, "Inside. Now. Everyone will be home imminently. Your parents will go crazy if they see this is how we take care of you while they're away. Is that – did you? You ripped your new clothes!" I exchanged an amused glance with Jasper and leaped onto the balcony. "I win!" I called out as Alice bundled me inside. A shower and a new set of clothes – laid out on the bed, of course – and I was ready. I let Alice brush out my hair. It was calming after the trek through the forest, but my mind kept returning to the hunt with Jasper. After years of training I was still slower than my vampire family. Granted, they had decades on me, even centuries. I was impatient, though. It had been nearly five years since my birth, so everything else about my development was accelerated. Seven years, Netanyahu had said. It took only seven years for our kind to grow into adulthood. After that, there was no apparent sign of aging. Netanyahu claimed to be over a century and a half old. That meant I had two years before I was an adult. Before stasis set in. What if it was too late after that? Forever young, and forever slow. Forever in need of protection. "Stop frowning, Nessie. We're almost done." Alice smiled at me in the mirror. She shaped my curls with her hands. Obediently, I produced a smile. Confiding in Alice would only bring reassurances, and I wasn't looking for that. I had a bevy of protectors surrounding me at all times, anyway. Why should I wish to improve? There was no need, remember? Six vampires here, vampire cousins in Alaska, and two wolf packs. I couldn't ask for more. I was sure I couldn't. "There," Alice said, satisfied. I looked up. My face was framed by dark, loose ringlets, carefully arranged over my shoulders. A bobby pin swept my hair off my forehead. I grinned at her, knowing it would all bounce out of place as soon as I moved down the stairs. "Thank you." I said, rising to give her a hug. She beamed, then grimaced good-naturedly. "It appears your Jacob is arriving first. I saw Edward and Bella's path but now it's clouded by shapeshifter. You better go down and greet him before he storms up here with muddy footprints." My heart leapt. I gave Alice a peck on the cheek before flinging myself through the window and past the treeline outside. I inhaled, searching his scent. My family always complained that the Quileute packs smelled like wet dog, but to me Jacob smelled like the beach, like saltwater and sun and fresh sweat. "Exactly," my mother had laughed when I told her. "Wet dog." He stepped through the trees as I turned, a pair of sweatpants pulled up to his hips. Jacob was easily 6'7 and his russet skin rippled with muscle. He probably looked intimidating to most people, but he was simply the best friend I had in the world. He grinned at me, and we embraced. "Nessie," he said simply, his face buried in my hair. "I missed you." "Missed you, too, sparrow." "It was a long day and night," I said. "I know," he said gruffly. "How is the pack? How is Sam?" Sam was the alpha of the La Push pack. Jake had been a member of Sam's group before he left to form his own tiny pack, consisting of just two other members. Leah was the only female shapeshifter I knew. She was living up north, near the border, and her younger brother Seth attended university nearby. "Sam is well. Emily insists the baby looks just like him," he smiled faintly, and I understood he didn't consider this a compliment. "The boys seem content with patrolling La Push, but he's trying to get a few on the track to college. Leah is fine. Better." He slung an arm around my shoulders and we continued back towards the house. "Seth has a girlfriend." "What?!" I stopped and gaped up at him. Seth was a goofy, lanky kid who seemed more into video games than women. "When did that happen?" "A few weeks ago, apparently." He grinned down at me. "What? Jealous?" "No," I elbowed him. "Just surprised, is all. Good for him." "Yeah, well, we'll see if it lasts." The grim tone in his voice startled me. "Why's that?" I asked, "She doesn't like Call of Duty?" "No, it's not that," he chuckled. But he didn't say any more, as we had reached the house. It was afternoon already. My parents would be returning from their week away in Canada at any moment. We strolled inside. Jacob went straight for the fridge. My grandmother Esme had anticipated him. A large pot of stew bubbled on the stove. The breadmaker Jacob had given her - as a very unsubtle birthday present - was already at work. The scents of meat and fresh bread mingled so deliciously that even my stomach growled. "She's amazing," Jake murmured. He pulled out a bag of chips from the cupboard and watched the stew's progress. Vampires didn't eat, but the shapeshifters' prodigious appetites had inspired Esme's motherly instincts. She delighted in the challenge of filling Jake's stomach, and he rewarded her efforts with drooling reverence. She must have prepped the stew and bread as soon as she returned, which couldn't have been more than a few minutes earlier. Vampire speed had its advantages. I sat at the island opposite him and shook my head at the bag he offered. He watched me and munched. I stared back at him, a half smile playing on my lips. If there was anything I wasn't in doubt about, it was Jacob Black. He was my best friend. I had known Jake as long as I could remember. Which, incidentally, included my birth. He had stuck with my family when it was safer to leave. When the Volturi arrived to execute us, they were under the mistaken impression that I was an immortal child, or a