Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson A/N: this is JaydenJackson14 here with just an idea for a story. This is just so I have the idea out of my head and I don't have to worry about losing it and forgetting about it. Tell me how you'd like it. Warning: There are lemons in this chapter! I'll warn you. DATE: August 1st, 2015 TIME: 12:42 PM Percy stood on the ledge looking down upon the monsters and Giants walking toward Olympus. They were still about five kilometers out and the Seven still had no reinforcements. As far as Percy know from what Annabeth told him was that they built multiple other ships and he left Jake Mason in charge of completing the ships while Leo and the others came to retrieve him. Percy didn't know if they completed but he hoped so because they were going to need all the help they could get. The Gods were still useless as they were still having their multiple personality disorder. Only Poseidon, Hades, Aphrodite, Hephaestus, Hera, and the minor gods were all the godly help they would get unless the other gods came to their senses. Percy looked at the hordes of monsters and saw they were closer only about two and a half kilometers out of their reach. Percy closed his eyes and prayed to the Fates and Tyche that they would defeat Gaea and her children. He hoped the four goddesses would be nice and help Percy out for once because he knew the four goddesses loved causing his life to be hell since he was born. He looked at the nearby skies coming from the West and was happy to see about fifteen smaller versions of the Argo II heading towards him. HE wanted to cheer but he knew he had to tell the others. He raced off the ledge and ran looking for the others. He found them inside an old temple of Zeus talking brandishing their weapons. "They're coming! The other demigods are coming!" Percy said catching their attention. "Seriously?" Leo said eyes wide looking at the Son of Poseidon. "Yeah, come on the army is getting closer." Percy said grabbing Anaklusmos out of it's sheath on his right side. The seven demigods rushed outside and saw the fifteen ships landing on the ruined city of Olympus as hundreds of able-bodied demigods rushed off the ships to the seven demigods. What surprised Percy was the fact there were both Greeks and Romans combined. The demigods now ready to fight looked to Percy and Jason as Nico made his way up to the other two teenagers, Percy stood taller as he looked at the Greek and Roman demigods that stood together ready to fight for their parents and their lives to save the world. "Demigods, today we are not enemies, today we stand as one group, one family, one race of demigods to defeat Gaea and her children. Today, we end the Greek and Roman feud, today is a new day, today we stand as children of the gods, we stand as the Heroes of Olympus!" Percy shouted to the cheering demigods as several hundred flashes appeared as the Olympians along with the minor gods stood in their full glory. They all were dressed in the finest armor, each with their symbol of powers ready to crush the Gaea and her children. "Demigods, we are here to help!" Zeus shouted. More cheers were heard as the gods gathered their children giving them their advice and love before the battle. Poseidon walked to Percy who embraced as soon as Poseidon was in reach. "I missed you dad." was Percy said as he squeezed his dad. "As did I Percy." Poseidon said as he responded to the hug with equal force. Percy felt like the luckiest demigod as he stood with his father. Percy let go of Poseidon and assumed his position again. He looked at the gods and demigods as they embraced for what most thought was their last time. Percy then remembered that the monster army was only two kilometers out when the ships arrived. He stopped and looked at the distance at where he last saw the army and they were gone. He ran to the ledge he was at before and saw hundreds…no thousands of monsters climbing Olympus looking forward to destroying it. Percy ran back to the gathering and screamed, "They're here assume positions!" The gods and demigods alike did what Percy said as he screamed orders. "I want archers on the edges pick off any monsters that get you can, cover the ground. Any flying monsters I want dead before they reached the ground!" The archers complied and did what Percy said running to the edge of Olympus with their bows aiming at the monsters. "Everyone else do what you know how." "Prepare for the longest battle of your life." Percy said seriously looking at the beings surrounding him as he took Anaklusmos out and held it above his head. "FOR OLYMPUS!" Percy screamed as they other demigods and gods screamed in agreement as the demigods and gods charged the monster army. For two hours there was non stop fighting as the archers picked off monsters left right with the help Artemis and Apollo they killed most of the drakons. For two hours, only twelve people were injured, three of the twelve were fatal and the other nine critically injured. Festus protected the injured as he blew fire on any monsters that wanted to finish the job. Soon, Annabeth got attacked by Gration. Percy tried to help her before the giant could make her bleed on to the sacrificial stand which they were curently fighting on, but he was surrounded by hellhounds and cyclopes. Gration with his grace managed to shoot the girl with his bow in her leg. The arrow was stuck in her leg as blood began to slide down the arrow in a single drop, the fire burned highly as it turned a shade of pink symbolizing the female blood. Percy growled as he saw what and he killed the remaining monsters before he was encased in a dark aura and he yelled as his true power was released and he thrusts his hands up and the giant was thrown in the air. He then made a choking motion and he snapped his wrist as he killed the giant with a broken neck. He looked at Artemis expectantly as she shot an arrow causing the giant to become a large amount of golden dust. Every being looked at Percy in awe as he killed the giant without touching physically. He turned and looked at Annabeth and saw her face was filled with fear. He looked away as Zeus appeared in full battle regalia as he wielded his Master Bolt in a spear form. "Gigantes! For your crimes against Olympus, you will be executed!" "Please milord! We didn't know it was you! Please have mercy!" They begged in unison, which sounded weird for fifty foot tall humanoid figures. "No! You will be executed!" Exclaimed Zeus, not catching that they weren't looking at him at all, but the son of Poseidon that was glaring at the giants. "Not you, you arrogant sky god! The son of Poseidon!" Polybotes said as Percy charged the giant with Anaklusmos in his hands as Poseidon followed behind him wielding his trident. Poseidon and Percy appeared behind the Giant with their weapons as Poseidon grabbed his trident he created an overhead storm over him and Percy to help with their strength as they began to rain hell on the giant. Percy having mastered the art of poison on the Argo was able to use Polybotes only defense against him. The Giant was slowly dying but he was alive that was until a large piece of the ground was thrown at him and he was crushed, however he was still alive dying, but still alive which annoyed Percy and Poseidon so both grabbed their respective weapons and stabbed down on the giant's stomach and he disappeared as dark green poison. "Rain hell on them! Teach them that Olympus isn't going dwon without a fight!" Percy yelled as the battle continued as the demigods and Gods yelled in agreement as they fought the remaining Giants. All of the minor Giants were defeated within an hour and a half. The only major giants on the battlefield were Gration, Leon, and Pelorus. Pelorus was defeated in twenty minutes as Ares and Frank razed the Giant of War to death as Frank blast the Giant in fire and Ares constantly stabbing and shooting the Giant. Leon was killed by Apollo and his children. Apollo and Will, his eldest son shot the lion headed Giant into Lion pin cushion before he became monster dust. Gration was killed by Artemis, Percy, and Thalia as the Hunters shot numerous arrows into the giant as Percy rain hell on the Giant of the Hunt impaling the Giant with numerous deep wounds that would leave scars on the Giant. He like his brothers dissipated into dust but not before cursing the Son of Poseidon. Gaea had sent more of her children out into the battlefield. Each of them falling to the might of the gods and demigods. Alcyoneus stood on the side of Mount Olympus constantly punching it shaking the foundations of the mountain. The mountain shook as the demigods on the mountain screamed in panic. Nico and Hades raced towards the eldest giant as Hades' form flickered into Pluto. Pluto stood about an even six feet with honey gold eyes and black hair with an small but noticeable tan unlike Hades was paler than well pale. Pluto summoned Hades' Sword, the same one the Greek children of the Big Three retrieved not even three years ago. Pluto swung the sword in a downward arc as Nico swung at his leg. Both swords connected with the giant who momentarily was shock he was hurt when he thrown in the air by an unseen force. He felt several hundred sharp cold icicles pierce him. He yelled in frustration as he knew his death was close as the Sword of Hades and Nico's Stygian Iron sword pierce his back. He became oil again as he once again within a two month span was defeated and killed by a child of Hades and Pluto. Porphyrion watched both of his elder brethren's defeat and initially wanted to retreat and gather more strength to crush them by himself. His mother forced him to watch the gruesome deaths of his brothers and was forced to fight Zeus and Jason Grace. Jason Grace irritated Porphyrion to his core. As did Percy Jackson. Unlike Jason, Percy was the real reason he hated demigods. He was the perfect version of the Gods, Titans, hell even the Primordials. Porphyrion took out his own Master Bolt and began to send lightning and thunder on the battlefield killing nearby demigods. A boy was all they needed to sacrifice to awaken his mother. He watched gleefully as the blood seeped into the ground and the rock and dirt start to form a woman. The woman medium height maybe about 5'11 with brown hair and black and forest green eyes. "Yes!" Porphyrion said happily as his mother was alive once again. That was until the rock and dirt figurine collapsed and a forest green mist seeped out of the collapsed figure right into Porphyrion. Porphyrion, now Gaea stood at ninety feet tall. "Today, the new age begins with all you gods and demigods dead!" screamed Gaea as she command the rocks and dirt to attack the Heroes. In minutes about 1/4 of the demigods and minor gods were dead. The others that survived the attack retreated onto the mountain. "We have to come up with something to defeat her!" Annabeth screamed as the Olympians and the Seven looked around asking for suggestions as Gaea and her monsters walked towards them. "How