BPOV I cracked my eyes open and I saw the sun streaming in through the windows, but that's not what woke me up. I heard a creak and then a snicker. "Shhh" followed by muffled giggles I smiled softly and kept my eyes close. I heard shuffling then I sprang up. "AHH! Auntie Bella!" I heard cried out as I grabbed both me my niece and nephew. Laughing I started tickling both monsters. "NOOOO Auntie Bella… I have to pee" cried out Garrett. I let go of him and he ran off to the toilet. I sat up and hugged Lottie to my chest "Good morning sweet girl how'd you sleep?" I asked as she nuzzled into my neck. Yawning she said " m'kay I was having a tea party with you and Unkle Ewarr". "Unkle Ewarr?" I asked . "Mhm, Unkle Ewarr", she said as I heard her softly snoring, I smiled and held on a little tighter. Riley's brother, Edward Cullen or as Lottie calls him Unkle Ewarr, I swear that man irks me to no end but he loves Lottie and Garett as much as I do. He has the most unruly hair ever, its bronze gold and it's the epitome of 'Sex hair'. He also has these piercing green eyes that bore into my soul whenever he looks at me. He gives you that pantie dropping smirk and he's got the trifecta of me making any coherent thoughts disappear. I was pulled out of my musing when Garrett came barreling back into the room. "Did you wash your hands?" I asked and he spun around and ran straight to the bathroom yelling " Yes" . Laughing I gently woke up Lottie, "Come on sweet girl let's make some breakfast". Her eyes popped open and she whispered " Pantakes?" I laughed and said " Yes sweet girl, Pantakes". She took off for the kitchen, I climbed out of bed looking at the clock 7:15.. Ugh… Walking into the Kitchen I flip on the radio and found the kids with their noses in their coloring books and coloring away . I grabbed the pancake mix out of the cabinet along with a bowl from the island and a whisk. " Kiddos would you like Chocolate chips or strawberries?" "CHOCOLATE!" yelled Garrett as he never looked away from his book, Lottie shrugged " Can you give them smiles?" she asked "Of course I can sweet girl" , " OK" she said as she went back to coloring. I grabbed eggs, oil ,water, and the chocolate chips out of the fridge. I got busy whipping up the mix and started singing and dancing to the song on the radio, I sang out the last of the song loudly as I started cooking the pancakes. I was still swaying and humming the song when I heard a chuckle. I spun around, spatula in hand, to find a smirking Edward. I rolled my eyes and turned back to the stove , but I was very aware of my state of attire at the moment. I was wearing one of his old shirts he leaves here to sleep in when he babysits. I felt him more than heard him come up behind me . Still swaying to the music playing on the radio I heard a sharp intake of breath and then felt warm air beside my ear. "Swan, I like seeing you in my clothes, with my name on you". I shook my head and flipped the batch of pancakes I was working on. I spun around only to be face to face with him and I lost all thoughts all I saw were those soft kissable lips and he was right there all I had to do was lean forward. "Auntieeeeee Belllllaaaa" Garrett whined and snapped me back to reality. "Almost done bud I promise" I spun back to the stove standing on my tip toes as I opened the cabinet and pulled out plates. I heard another sharp intake of breath as my laced covered ass came into view. I knew I was 50 shades of red so I busied myself getting the fruit and whipped cream out to make smiles. I sliced bananas for the eyes and gave them a strawberry mouth with a whipped cream nose. I platted them and carried them over to the kids and went back to get some juice for them. "Eat up kids Uncle Eddie is here to take you to the park , we got to get you guys dressed and ready. Oh Edward would you like some pancakes also? They are Chocolate chip." I glanced up at him and he gave me that smirk. " I'd love some pancakes, as long as they have faces also" he stepped closer to me and whispered " I have other ideas what we could do with that cream" I blushed and dropped some batter in the pan. I heard a chuckle and then he was gone. I calmed myself and went back to making the pancakes when I heard Edward ask " Bells did you make any coffee yet?" "Nope, I hadn't got to that yet, If you'd like some you can make it" I said as I heard Lottie squeal . I spun around to see Edward tickling her and stealing her pancakes. "NOOOOO Unkle EWARR! Those are mine" Lottie pouted as he chewed the stolen piece while I gave him an incredulous look. "Really Edward, you had to steal her food?" he gave me a sheepish look . "Sorry Lottie I'll make it up to you at the park, how does Ice Cream sound?" he asked her her eyes lit up "OH yes! Unkle edwarr I love you , im not mad anymore" she said as she picked up her crayons and colored again . I laughed and gave him his pancakes. I looked over at Garrett and told him to finish breakfast and head up to get changed, once he finished I took their plates and placed them in the sink. I walked over and picked up Lottie making sure she had her bunny, Harold . I looked down at Edward shoveling food in his mouth" I'm going to dress Miss Lottie , will you help Garrett? " . " Sure Bells" he mumbled around his food . I shook my head and asked Lottie if she was excited about the park. " Oh yes, I'm gonna make Ewarr push me on the swings and play hide and go seek with Garrett maybe you will be there too? " she asked. " Oh no sweetie I've got to clean the house and go to the store before Mommy gets home" her eyes lit up" Mommy is coming home?" I smiled and nodded, " Yep sweet girl and in a few days Daddy will be home for a while". Bree is a fashion designer and she just opened a new store in Waco, TX, truthfully I'm not sure why Waco but she and Riley love it there so she has a reason to be there now. I grabbed Lottie some soft jeans then was unsure of a shirt so I asked her, " Lottie which Princess would you like to wear today?" "Can I wear Belle?" she asked. "Of course you can" I grabbed two shirts and brought over her clothes, quickly I stripped her of her pjs and dressed her. I grabbed her brush and asked her how we should do her hair today "Auntie Bella can you give me Elsa hair?" "You want Elsa's bun or her braid?" I asked "Braid!" she shouted, clapping her hands. I laughed and had her sit down in her chair so I could braid her hair. Lottie has her daddy's and uncle's coppery bronze locks with gray-blue eyes from her mother. I quickly braid her hair and tell her to put her socks and shoes on. I grab her another pair of socks, jeans, and other Belle shirt after she's got her shoes tied I feel her slip her little hand in mine and we head downstairs. She runs off to the living room where I hear the SpongeBob theme song playing. I roll my eyes and head towards the front hall grabbing the small travel bag throw in her extra clothes and head back upstairs where I grab an extra set of clothes for Garrett because just in case. I walk back into Lottie's room grabbing her beloved Harold. I head back downstairs place Garrett's clothes and Harold in the bag and head in to the living room. As I get closer I hear squeals from both kids, I lean against the doorway and watch as Edward tickles Lottie on the couch and Garrett jumping on his back laughing. "Looks like ya'll could use some help" I hear a chorus of yes and Lottie's laugher getting louder as Edward tickles harder. I walk behind the couch getting right behind Edward and I shove my fingers into his ribs and wiggle them all of a sudden I'm thrown on the couch and I'm laughing from Edward attacking me. I try to push away but I squeal and wriggle on the couch as he tickles harder. "Stapp" I squeal-yell. "Never Swan, this is what you get for trying to tickle me" he says as he tickles me. "Ahh" he says as all of a sudden he's pushed down on top of me from the weight of the other two Cullen's. I look up into his eyes, as his hands have stopped their attack on my ribs; I feel his hot breath against my cheek and see his eyes darken. All too soon we are brought back to reality by the kids jumping on him. He slowly grabs all four little feet and sits up on his knees as the kids hang off him, he releases Garrett's feet first allowing him to fall onto the couch with a bounce and a laugh. Garrett Climbs off the couch and then he lets go of Lottie's feet letting her fall back onto the couch also. She jumps off and goes over to Garrett where they are seated on the floor watching SpongeBob, ignoring us completely. I wiggle out from under Edward and sit back on the couch, glancing over I see Edward still sitting on his knees raking his hand through his already messy hair. " You Ok?" I ask him. His head snaps up and his eyes are burning into mine, He slowly nods his head giving me his signature Edward Cullen smirk. I roll my eyes and throw a pillow at him as I get off the couch. " Alright Kiddo's you ready for the park?" I ask and hear them both yell yes. I switch off the TV as they get up. " Alright get your coats on and Garrett you need shoes bud. I've got extra clothes in their bag along with Harold", I tell Edward as we walk to the front door. Lottie is waiting on the bench holding onto Harold as she waits for her brother to come back downstairs. I dropped a kiss on her head and straightened her braid, " Thank you Auntie Bella" she says as I zip up her jacket. " You're welcome Sweet girl" we hear little feet running down the stairs and Edward yells " No running" up to Garrett who appears with a sheepish smile " Sorry" he says. I shake my head and grab Garrett's Jacket handing it over to him. I make sure the first aid kit is in the bag and zip up the small bag handing it over to Edward. I walk over to Garrett and kiss his forehead whispering " be good" to him. " Alright is everyone ready now?" Edward asks. They yell yes and throw open the front door , running out to Edward's car. He's still in the hall with me, looks down at me and asks