| Rose | Nobody noticed their abrupt arrival. The family emerged from the depths of the dark alley into the busy city life of London with not one second glance. Everyone was used the strange people here. The two younger girls pushed their trolleys behind their parents as they ducked into King's Cross station. People bustled around them, each rushing to catch their train or meet up with a loved one. Someone jostled Rose Taylor's side for the umpteenth time that day, and she found herself once again thinking how different things were from back home. She was too busy peering at the throngs of never ending people that encircled her family to notice that her father had stopped ahead of her, and she almost ran him over with her cart. Grace Taylor's hand clamped firmly on Rose's arm to stop her from barreling into their dad. The former smirked at the latter, who rolled her eyes in response and muttered an "I would have had it." Stuart Taylor looked back at his daughters and huffed a laugh. "Obviously it is too early for you two to be functioning, and I'd rather not be smooshed today. I'll grab us some caffeine and meet you guys at the platform." He turned towards the small coffee shop, then back around. "Want anything, darling?" he asked his wife. Kara Taylor shook her head and placed a kiss on his cheek. "No thanks. But please hurry back, I don't want to be stuck too long with these two grumps." "Hey!" The sisters yelled together and pouted at their parents. The family laughed before parting ways. The walk to platforms nine and ten was slow and silent. They kept having to swerve out of the way of hurrying crowds of people, and fighting for trolley space. The three were relieved, to say the least, when platforms nine and ten came into sight. But it was short lived. "Um, where the hell is the platform?" Grace shrieked, stopping Rose in her tracks. They both scoured the place, but no platform nine and three-quarters could be seen. People bumped into the shocked group and hissed mean things in beautiful accents. "Ok cool. Awesome. Great. Maybe this is all a trick. Maybe there is no Hogwarts. I mean, what kind of name is Hogwarts anyway?" "Honey, the school is real, your father went there, remember?" "Yes, yes, but –" "Rose, it's ok. C'mon, let's go sit over there and wait for dad. He'll know what to do," Grace said, leading the other two to a wall not far from the platforms. Rose pulled her trolley to the side and fashioned herself a seat on her trunk, putting her head in her hands and running her fingers frantically through the strands of deep auburn hair. Ten minutes or so passed in silence and there was no sign of their dad. "What if he doesn't come back in time and we miss the train? Or what if he comes back and he doesn't know the entrance? Or what if he doesn't come back at all because he got abducted by aliens and now we have no father? Or even –" "Calm down Rose, your dad's fine. There's probably just a big line at the shop. If it'll make you feel better though, I'll go look for him." Rose nodded at her mum and slumped even farther into her hands. Kara kissed her daughters' heads before disappearing into a sea of people. Grace plopped down beside her sister who seemed to be pulling out tufts of hair now. She grabbed Rose's hands in her own, noticing the chipped blue nail polish compared to her own sleek black "It's ok, we still have at least ten years before the train leaves, we'll figure it out before then ok? Don't worry, or you're going to go bald much sooner than anticipated. Your hairline is already receding." Rose looked up from her lap to scan the area around them. Nobody seemed to pay the two any attention, for which she was thankful. Everyone knew how much Rose hated attention. "At least I can actually run my fingers through my hair. Yours would suffer in there forever," Rose teased, pulling her hands out of Grace's to tug on one of her curls. Grace was the only one who knew how to calm down Rose, no matter what the situation. The two could read each other perfectly and seemed to always know exactly what the other needed. Their friends seemed to think it was some kind of twin telepathy thing, but Rose and Grace just thought it was because they were each other's best friend. They were twins, fraternal twins, though most people still couldn't tell the difference between the sisters in any case. Only in their subtleties could one tell them apart. Where Rose's face was narrower, Grace's was round. Rose was slightly taller, though they were both fairly short; however, what Grace lacked in inches, she made up for in hair. Her hair was a huge, curly mane, not unlike a lion's. It was a shade lighter than Rose's auburn, though both preferred to dye it dark brown. The only real difference between the two –if you don't count the hair –was their eyes. Rose had eyes that seemed to change colour the more you looked. At first glance, they were an emerald green, piercing and wild. Upon closer inspection, the green unfolded into specks of sea blue, forest green and even a brilliant gold nearing the pupil. Depending on her mood, her eyes shifted in colour, from deep blue to vivid green. No one could deny they were beautiful. Grace's however, seemed to have taken the colours of the forest and swirled them into an intense iris. The deep greens tangled up with the chocolate brown, cozy and dangerous, pulled in the onlooker. They were as captivating as they were intriguing, and no one would argue their splendour. That was one of the only ways to tell the two apart; their eyes. Rose continued tugging on Grace's ringlets, watching them boing back into perfection. The two sat in silence, observing their surroundings whilst waiting for their parents to come back. Time ticked by, and Rose became fidgety again. She had just opened her mouth to voice her concerns when a huge group of people walked by. They were mostly red-heads, but there was one lady with bright pink hair (which the twins looked at longingly, wishing they could pull off something like that) and a disfigured man with a weird-looking eye that stared at the two suspiciously. Although, none of these people caught their attention. It was the two males leading the procession that made Rose do a double take. "Holy shit, Rose, they're going top speed at the brick wall." Grace pointed towards two figures who were hunched over their own trolleys, racing towards the bricks between nine and ten. Rose stared at them in horror. "What are they doing? They're not slowing down. Oh my god, they're going to die. What the fuck! Grace, what the fuck!" Rose didn't know what to do. They were going much too quickly for her to stop them, she knew that, even as she stood up and reached out towards the pair. No one else seemed concerned for their safety, especially not the group of gingers who seemed to become rowdier the closer they got to the wall. She covered her mouth in one hand, eyes fixated on the two who were surely about to crash. Even though she didn't want to watch it happen, she couldn't bring herself to look away. Grace was muttering swear words under her breath beside her, still sitting on the trunk. It was going to happen. Any second now. She didn't want to see the bodies crumple, hear the smack, the screams – And she didn't. "What the fuck." Rose could hardly believe her eyes. The two were gone. They were just about to hit the wall when they disappeared. One second they were there, the next they weren't. It was almost like it was – magic. Grace was still looking at the wall in disbelief when Rose pushed her off the trunk. "Hey! I was sitting there." She scrambled to her feet, glaring after her sister who had already forgotten the incident and was maneuvering the trolley towards the odd brick wall. Rose looked slightly demented in her determination to get there, a fact that was not lost on the rowdy group who quieted dramatically with her nearing presence. Rose's mind was racing with possibilities, she hardly even noticed her approach or the quietness that ensued. Nine and three-quarters. Wall between nine and ten. Two boys disappearing. It's a freaking magic school! Of course there's going to be a magical kind of entrance. How could they be so stupid! Everyone else was going about their day normally, paying no mind to the small girl stalking towards an unobtrusive wall and the group watching her apprehensively. Rose abandoned her trolley and took cautious steps towards the wall between platforms nine and ten. Her hand came up of its own accord, hovering in the space between her body and the bricks. Hesitantly, slowly, she reached out and prodded the barrier. Rose's first thought was if anyone was watching her at the moment, they must think her completely crazy. Then, she herself thought she was losing it. Her hand felt no resistance. It simply disappeared into the wall. A muffled shriek escaped her lips as she recoiled her hand. She could hear laughter from the group behind her and made a conscious effort not to turn around. Not wanting to cause a scene, she took a couple calming breaths before tentatively sticking her entire arm through the wall and wiggling it around. She could not see it, but she could still feel the air rushing around it. This time Rose shouted in awe and delight. Yes, she'd been a witch for a while now and yes, she'd seen magic up close and personal, but it still managed to surprise her every time she was faced with it. "What the devil do you think you're doing? Do you want the muggles to notice you with your arm in a wall? Constant vigilance! Either go through or step away." Rose whipped around at the gruff voice, face red in embarrassment at both being called out and in fright at the stranger. Her wide eyes took in her audience. The group of red-heads were staring at her in amusement, but it was the distorted man from before that was right in front of her now. She opened her mouth for a retort or an apology –she hadn't quite figured out which one was best suited at the moment, but instead took in the appearance of the grisly man and hastily closed it. Up close, he was much more frightening. One of his eyes was normal, staring straight at her, while the bright blue of the fake one whizzed around its socket. His face was scarred and had chunks missing here and there. One of his legs was fake. The way he stood and carried himself oozed power and confidence. Overall, he appeared to either be some kind of badass pirate, or on the wrong end of some gang fights. "I um, I – I didn't know, I uh, I didn't mean to, like, um," Rose stuttered over an explanation, not really getting anywhere. She frantically looked around for Grace or her mum or her dad or someone that seemed more willing to help than this weird man growing more impatient by the "um". She finally spotted Grace, who was of course, talking to a group of cute boys. Typical. A hand grabbed Rose's arm, tightly, and alarm bells started ringing. The man was dragging her away from the wall, quite forcefully, toward the red-heads. She panicked and reacted instinctively. Grabbing a hold of the