Disclaimer Borrowed Middle Earth for the weekend. Time to play. Warnings. Non-canon, OOC Elves. Possible language. Multiple OCs. AN Right! Entering Mirkwood/Greenwood. Wanted to try my hand at the ongoings in the Elvenking's Halls and this idea came to me. Not really that original, but hopefully entertaining enough. There might be some out of characterness with some of the characters. Background. In this fic, elves come of age at 50, so that makes Legolas slightly under 400, the whole idea being that Thranduil married and had Legolas before being crowned king, thus ensuring the lines survival before riding out to Dagorlad. Setting is around T.A 300. The Royal family is not only limited to Thranduil and Legolas, a bit of AU. Hopefully, it will all straighten out as the story runs along. Critique or questions are welcome! DR .oOo. The Other Side .oOo. A low humming resonated down the hall. The tone was familiar, an old lay popular among the serving staff that had caught on to her unwittingly. A slipper clad foot swayed the wooden bucket in pace to the music as potato peels fell one after another into it. The container was no more than half full, meaning that there was still two sacks left to be scrubbed and peeled before dinner. Checking the time once again by examining the long candle, Lona wondered how long it would be until her kitchen aides would come to work. Tossing another finished potato into the large pot used for boiling she sighed, abandoning her knife as she wiped her hands off on her apron. There was work to be done and she would be damned if dinner was served late just because the kitchen staff decided that sleeping in was more important than seeing to it that the King's table was laid at the proper time. Moving over to the large stove, she stirred the pots already boiling and checked the roasts in the oven for a second time in the last half hour. Lona did not like disruption of her routine, and this certainly caused her nerves to strain. Another half hour passed before the first hurried steps rushed down the corridor. The sound of them told her it was her youngest aid, and probably the one most frightened of her temper. "I am so sorry, Lona!" the elleth burst out as she stumbled in through the door. Her hair barely pinned up and her dress a wrinkled mess. "I overslept! I did not mean to, it was an accident! It's just!" "You were enjoying yourself too much dancing with the guard yesterday and forgot the time. I know, I know." The dark-haired Silvan flushed as she heard the words. She wrung her hands, uncomfortable at the lack of the scolding gaze that was so common when any of the kitchen staff made a blunder. "You know?" she asked tentatively. Lona huffed, her green eyes eyeing the younger one, "Half of my employees are missing. Either all of you have managed to get yourself poisoned on the same night, something that would at least give me a just cause for delaying dinner. Or last night's merry-making was a little too successful." "I am sorry," the girl said dejectedly. Lona sighed, "No idea in worrying over spilt milk, is there now, Faelwen?" She continued to measure up the flour for the desert she was making, her eyes taking in the ratio between butter and flour with practiced ease. "At least tell me he asked you for a dance?" Faelwen, who stood tying a clean apron around her middle blossomed a nice red color at the question. "He did.." she said and distracted herself by tying a cloth over her hair to keep it from the dough she was expected to knead. "Though, I do not think it mattered to him. The prince danced with many an elleth, many fairer than myself." Lona nodded, "He is high in demand. Though being the king's son would push him to interact with as many different subjects as possible." The words did nothing to cheer up her aid, and once again, Lona despaired over the fact that another heart would be left unanswered due to the strict class differences in the Greenwood population. As far as Lonawas concerned, an elf was an elf, no matter who you were born to, or what culture you belonged to. Faelwen's voice gained a little amusement when she disclosed the next bit of information, "Tanna, on the other hand, did get to dance with Calanon." Lona looked up, amused, "Oh, did she now?" "It looked utterly scandalous," Faelwen whispered, her eyes showing her delight. "I was sure they would kiss right then and there on the dance floor, but fortunately he pulled back in the last minute." "They have been pining for each other for years! It would not surprise me if they scurried off together just to get some privacy." Lona said absent-minded as she poured the batter into one of the baking trays. These youths were sometimes too blind to notice things that stood directly in front of them. It had taken more than a little push from Lona to get them to admit their feelings for each other, and it continued to amuse her to no ends how shy they were around each other. But in the end, her months of careful planning had finally paid off. She was glad that the pair had at last tried to take the next, logical step. The sudden silence brought her out of her musings, and she turned to Faelwen to see her grinning so much it almost split her face in two. Lona's eyes widened, "They did not!" Faelwen simply nodded, knowing that saying anything more would put her friend in trouble. The elleth was well aware that although Lona was in favor of romance, and actually actively encouraged it, the woman was very conservative. She probably thought they had eloped or something equally scandalous. It was better Tanna explained herself, if she decided to show up today at all. "What happened to small steps?" Lona mumbled to herself, her mind kept spinning and she couldn't help but think that maybe her actions had worked a little too well. Pushing the tray into one of the empty ovens, Lona pulled off her head cloth, allowing her auburn braid to slip back down her back. She wiped at her temple, the kitchen was sweltering at this time of day and she only hoped that the dinner would be done in time. Clearly, there was no knowing when the rest of her aides would turn up. "You did only dance with the prince?" she asked, her eyes measuring the girl in front of her. The wild but attractive features were sure to catch more than the prince's eyes, but the girl was stubborn. She had a hard time believing Faelwen would entertain the idea of any of the other ellon at the gathering. The girl did have a terrible crush on the Prince, as many other of the young Silvan maids. "Yes. Only the prince." Faelwen answered flatly. "Good, at least I have one sensible girl in the lot." .oOo. The last of the serving staff had left and only a pile of dishes remained. Lona was thankful that the dinner had gone as planned, for she did not like disappointing the king. The kitchen was silent now at the end of the day, and a cool breeze was let in from one of the windows that had been left open. Lona sighed as the tickle of cold air ran along her skin, this was the last time she made oven roasts and baked at the same time. The warm summer air provided little relief even without having all ovens on full burn for most of the day. She looked up when another presence settled beside her. A longhaired, blonde elleth joined in on scrubbing plates. Her blue eyes not leaving the soapy suds. "You don't have to be here. I gave the rest of the girls time off." Lona pointed out softly, her hands carefully handling the silverware. The elleth glanced at Lona for a moment, blue eyes gazing at her guiltily. "I had more time off than the others. Let me help." "I do not blame you, or any of the others for enjoying yourself now and then, Tanna. Even though the timing could have been better." Lona tried to explain, but watching the normally silent elleth try to make up for her mistakes made a hint of pride fill her. Tanna had been left in her care at a very young age, a favor to her mother, and it made her feel almost maternal around the elleth she had come to count as family. "Thank you." Tanna worked in silence for another moment, her face conflicted. "You once told me to trust my heart. That it would know when I met the right one." Lona nodded, she remembered the advise she had once given the troubled elleth. Was this about Calanon? She frowned as she considered the captain. They were both inexperienced in the ways of love, but Lona had thought that the ellonwould have a little more sense in the matter than Tanna. The elleth could be naïve about even the simplest of things. "I think.." Tanna shook her head, causing some of her blonde strands to shift forward over her shoulders. "I think he is the one." Lona raised a brow. Tanna did not sound that convinced. "Is he?" "I.. It is hard to explain." Tanna moved to set some of the washed plates in the stand for drying. "I feel happy around him. He makes me smile... I long for him." Lona smiled, she knew that feeling well. "It is only natural." "Is it?" Tanna questioned, surprised. Lona nodded, her green eyes shimmering. "You long for him. You cannot bring yourself to part from him, and before you know it, you cannot live without him. He becomes the very air you breathe. The sun that lights your day.." She watched the dreamy expression overtake Tanna's face as she spoke and it made Lona feel young again. Like the last two millennia was simply a dream and she too was a girl experiencing the age-old magic of love. But the truth was much more dark, and she wished it upon no other. All she could do was hope that Tanna would be spared that burn that could follow in love's wake. Lona's eyes saddened a fraction as she added, "Then one day, you realize there is color in the world. A vibrance that you had never imagined existed. All due to him." "Have you ever been in love, Lona?" Tanna asked, her eyes hopeful and bright at the stunningly accurate description of her own feelings. A small smile curled the corners of her lips. "I have once. A long time ago." The tint of longing in Lona's voice did not pass unnoticed. "Once? What happened?" Lona gazed down into the soapy depths of the wash basin. Her voice sounded far off even to her own ears as she contemplated her own fate. The true reason behind years and years of unanswered longing. "We lost sight of one another.. We have never met since." .oOo. "How much longer for those onions!?" Lona called angrily. "Coming!" Faelwen rushed across the kitchen, her eyes red and swollen, carrying a bowl of finely chopped onions. "Hmm.." Lona said as she ran her fingers through the mixture. "Nicely done.. Keep this up and you will get to help me with tomorrow's dessert." The girl beamed back at her, her blue eyes shining. "Yes!" Lona shook her head at the girl. "No point in rejoicing now! You still have another batch waiting for you," she scanned the girls face again, "and pour some hot water into the sink. It will keep your eyes from stinging so much." "Ah, yes!" she