Disclaimer Nothing of Tolkien's property belongs to me, but I tend to borrow his characters a lot.. Warning! Implied male/male relationships , Mpreg. Non-canon AU Pairing Glorfindel/Erestor, mentions of Elrond/Celebrian AN A sort of follow up on my other oneshot ' The Waiting Game '. -oOo- Endgame's Reward -oOo- There were a few times in his long life where Erestor simply wanted to just screw it all and ignore the world around him. True, those instances were few and far between as the elf owned a patience made of gold and a rational mind to accompany it. But right now, in the dead of night, came the third such instance. Erestor groaned and tried valiantly to hide beneath his thick covers, but not even the feather filled material managed to block out the shrill wail that resonated from the adjoining room. Irritated and dead tired, he shot a swift kick at the dead weight beside him. The force of the blow hurt his foot but did not even stir the sleeping elf. "Glorfindel!" He hissed at the male, urging the golden haired elf to answer to his pleads. The lump shifted a bit, but soon settled back into reverie; his eyes unfocused and his strong warrior body relaxed as if the house was not reverberating with the calls of an infant. Sighing loudly and privately cursing his choice of mate, he dragged himself out of bed for – he made a quick mental count – the third time that night. Taking care to make as much noise as possible on his short route to the nursery, if only to spite the sleeping blonde who remained oblivious of his current predicament, he closed in on the neatly carved cradle, a gift from his lord on the birth of their firstborn. Peeking down at the still alien but strangely familiar bundle of soft blanket and pink skin, Erestor wondered how such a small thing of perfection could be made in a single night of passion. He pondered the thought for a moment before shaking his head. No. Since it had involved Glorfindel, everything was possible. Reaching out a finger to the squirming but thankfully now quiet bundle, he let the small pink fingers wrap around his large one. The irony behind it all made him release a short laugh heavy with a mix of exhaustion and happiness. "What am I to do with you?" he asked while shaking his head at those large blue eyes that seemed like the very essence of innocence and purity in the world. His mind quickly reminded him that he had singlehandedly achieved a miracle, because innocence was something he did not expect to find in any of Glorfindel's hypothetical offspring. It was just too unbelievable that Glorfindel would have an inkling of innocence to pass on through his genes. Glorfindel was a blond ball of mischief and sly seduction, cleverly packaged in the form of a legendary balrog slayer Erestor had come to know over the centuries. He did not have a single innocent bone in him. There was simply no way it had come from him. Seeing the infant start to get bored with his finger, Erestor gently scooped the small form up. Slender hands carefully supported the fragile neck and even more fragile weight of his son. The sheer vulnerability to this new life still scared him and it had taken days until either of them felt comfortable with picking the infant up for a simple cuddle and not treat him like glass – though Glorfindel had a hard time letting the bundle go once he finally managed to get a firm hold of him... Glorfindel was a true doting parent, which was lucky for Erestor because then he could count on the balrog slayer to take over caring for the child during the daytime hours, thankfully it left Erestor a few precious hours to retake his lost hours of sleep. Though, it still rattled some deep conscious part in his mind that shouted warnings of spoiled and utterly uncontrollable elflings, but at the moment he could not care less whether or not Glorfindel was ruining Erestor's carefully laid child rearing plans. Moving through their apartment with his arms doing a smooth continuous rocking motion, he located the necessary flask of supplementary milk acquired from their live in wet nurse down the hall. For although Erestor had developed what could have classified as swollen mammary tissue able to produce the milky substance needed, his stores quickly dried once the overall effects of pregnancy filtered out of his system. He was eternally thankful for Elrond's wisdom in readying a wet nurse beforehand. Seating himself in the rocking chair by the window cradled by soft pillows, Erestor shifted the now fussy infant into the appropriate position to receive his bottle. "Are you hungry, Laurië?" he asked softly as he tried to maneuver the bottle so that the boy would not choke on his first hurried gulp. A small smacking sound was his answer and Erestor chuckled softly, forever amused by the likeness of the gesture. He could already see the child becoming very much like his father. It was both a source of despair and amusement, on Erestor's part, since fate had played them until the end of their game. Glorfindel had, of course, been right in his prediction of the babe being a boy. His proud voice had loudly proclaimed Laurië his son all over Rivendell as soon as he received the news, with a strong rush of fatherly pride towards his newborn offspring Glorfindel had literally glowed for hours after the birth. The name was another fixation that the blonde had set on during the last long months of waiting, and for all the pain in the world Erestor did not have the heart to deny him the pleasure of naming his first born. Despite the fact that our precious Laurië does not have a single blond strand atop of his tiny little head , Erestor thought knowingly, smiling down at the suckling babe. The twins collapsed in a pile of laughter once that particular bit of information managed to worm itself out of the closed doors of the labour room. The still beaming Glorfindel, however, took it all in stride. It seemed he was not in the least deterred by the revelation. Privately Erestor thought Glorfindel was, in reality, deluding himself that the boy might actually sprout golden tresses once he had grown a bit. Though the soft midnight fuzz that already covered said head dared to contradict that premonition with a stark accuracy. "Well at least you have Glorfindel's eyes," he murmured with a strange warming in his heart. The feeling only intensified as Erestor searched out other features gained from his golden haired husband. The nose, the shape of his chin even the pointy tips of his ears, all resembled Glorfindel. He held the infant tighter against his chest, feeling a teary flush overtake his features. You are still running high on emotions even a week afterwards , thought Erestor as he forced a smile on his face to calm the babe as Laurië was strangely perceptive of his emotional upheaval. His small hand rested against Erestor's larger one where it held the bottle. The gesture comforting, no matter that there probably was no thought behind it. His logical mind reminded him that newborns are merely bundles of instincts and desires at that point and not fully functional beings with full mental awareness. They still had much to learn of how it was to be an elf. But Erestor knew Laurië would grow to know them soon enough. There is no hurry. Erestor could still feel his connection to the babe, to the life he had once held within himself. It was what gave Erestor strength to wake up every hour of the night at the slightest sound. What moved him to soothe, cuddle and care for the child. This undeniable pull that said they had once been part of one and the same. A single entity with two souls within. He blinked away the tears, lifting Laurië against his shoulder so that the excess air could be released. The child could be fussy if he didn't get burped properly. Patting his back softly, Erestor stared out of the high windows, noticing the calm that lay over Rivendell. A luminous white shine glowed all around the tall buildings and structures as they bathed in moonlight. The occasional golden glow dotted the landscape. A wayward elf enjoying the night's pleasures and visiting the stars. A soft wave of motion shook the babe and Erestor raised an eyebrow at the satisfied smile on the now burped infant. A soft breath blew on his skin and his small face nuzzled closer to Erestor's neck. As Laurië seemed to settle in for the night again, Erestor contemplated his options. Without thought, he stopped by the doorway to the bedroom, hesitating for a moment as his mind went over the pros and cons of bringing the child into their bed. It went against his rules, but another glance at the large expanse of warm bed swayed him. "We won't make a habit of this. It is just this one time.." He whispered to the child as if the babe would understand his reasoning. Padding across the floor, he climbed up in the bed. His brow furrowing before adjusting his hold and using his other hand to make a small barrier between himself and Glorfindel. The blonde could be quite the lively sleeper after all when he set his mind to it. Settling himself on the far edge of the bed, Laurië carefully nestled near him in an improvised cocoon of blankets, he wrapped his arm around him. Satisfied that the babe was safe enough from harm. He stared at the small form. Taking in the small yawn and the tiny hand curling up against tiny lips. A light golden glow surrounding him as starlight filtered over them from the window. "Goodnight, Laurië." he whispered with a smile and a light kiss on his sleeping head. His own eyes blurring slowly, the familiar haze of sleep drawing him in and replacing reality with a sprouting boy, smiling and mischievous, running down the corridors in what could only be counted as improper behavior. But that did not anger or scare Erestor, nor did the other adventures Laurië found himself in that night. No, it all faded because Erestor had been right in the end and he felt a bit of satisfaction knowing it. Long onyx hair sweeping behind the child in a wavy curtain as he twirled and giggled playfully. Large blue eyes reassuring him that everything was as it should. He had Glorfindel and Laurië, his little family in his larger extended one. A happy bubble that he wouldn't break for all the gold in the world. And as he drifted, a soft smile settled on his lips. Because he was home. .oOo. He bent down and pressed a soft kiss to the smooth cheek, a hand running down the long midnight hair of his husband. Seeing the deeply sleeping male curl in further, he snaked his arms into the small nest and lifted the blinking elfling from its hold. Cradling the babe in the crook of his arm, Glorfindel smoothed over his downy dark hair, blue eyes dancing down at larger ones. "What do you say to coming up with me and letting Erestor sleep?" he asked softly, knowing the sensitive sleep the dark elf usually slept. Those big pools stared back at him with what could only be amusement, one hand reaching out to grasp a long golden tress. His son's fascination with his hair never stopped to amaze Glorfindel. He did not play nearly as much with Erestor's, something the blonde was often teased for. Entering the nursery, he quickly changed and dressed the babe, making them both ready to meet the dawn. The