Disclaimer means that I technically don't own anything but the poor plotlines of this story. The original Lord of the Rings is far beyond my skill and imagination... Warning! Meaning more references to mpreg , male/male relationships, non-canon and other stuff others might find offending. Like twisting characters to your own preferences... So take the hint. The fic is M-rated for minor sexual content. Paring Glorfindel/Erestor Summary Babies don't remain babies forever. Glorfindel and Erestor learn it the hard way. Sort of a short sequel to The Waiting Game and Endgame's Reward setting . -oOo- Willfull Ponies and Growing Elflings -oOo- "Please-!" "No." "Pleeease!" "I said no. " The tiny nose scrunched up, cheeks puffed out in dismay. The boy barely reached all they way up to touch the top of the desk, but that did not stop him from trying. Erestor turned away and back to the stack of papers loaded on his overfull desk. He could feel eyes boring into him, but knew better than to look at them. It was the undoing of many an elf, something he had learned the hard way. "Fine," Laurië huffed. The boy stomped off, leaving Erestor to sigh in relief. He winced as the door shut audibly behind him. Dismayed, Laurië walked down the sedate corridor. Not many were about this time of day, but the few that were almost always had smiles or praise for him. Not all were stubborn enough to keep things from him. Especially not when he really wanted something. "Ada..." Wide shoulders jolted, before the tall blonde swivelled around in his seat. His handsome face was alight with warmth as he stared down at his son. "Laurië." Immediately, the boy was swept up in a comfortable lap. Laurië tried not to pout at the treatment, knowing that indulging his father was the best course of action if he wanted to achieve his goal. Glorfindel's fingers started combing through loose dark strands. As always fascinated by its shiny onyx color. "What brings you here, little one? You're not due here for another three hours." What he received in response made his stomach twist uncomfortably. Glorfindel's face stiffening in an attempt to carefully control his expression. "Ada, can I have a pony?" Glorfindel could already tell where this conversation was going from the tone in the elfling's voice. Inwardly, he steeled himself for what was to come next. "A pony?" Glorfindel laughed nervously. One hand finding the tiny waist to keep the boy from squirming. He winced, heart clenching as he was met by impossibly large blue eyes. The orbs stared pleadingly into his own. Small fingers sneaked up to latch onto the front of Glorfindel's shirt. The secure hold anchored the boy enough to prevent the renown balrog slayer's escape. "Yes, a pony . 'Dan said he saw the prettiest little foal in Alderon's paddock." Laurië leaned in, bringing those deadly twin weapons even closer. "And guess what, Ada! It's one exactly like Dan's!" Glorfindel gave a subtle cringe. Everyone in Rivendell knew how much his son loved the eldest peredhel's old stallion. When the horse suddenly passed away last autumn out of grand old age, Elladan refrained from taking a new horse. The twins barely travelled abroad these days and mostly used the valley's stalled horses on the short journeys they took around the area. They travelled less and less South through the years, since they could barely stand seeing the slow withering of Arwen and Aragorn. Glorfindel understood the feeling, as he himself found it hard watching the once splendant city hidden in the valley fade over the years. "...It has the same speckles and everything." "Does it, now?" "Mm!" The elfling exclaimed eagerly. "Can I have one, Ada? I want one!" Feeling a sigh bubbling up, Glorfindel steeled himself to hold his ground. Something he found hard enough when the boy was not using his famed puppy eyes on him. Knowing his son, the reason he was here was because Erestor had refused him flat out. It made it extra hard for Glorfindel, for it put him in a bad position no matter what action he took. "What did Adar say about getting a pony?" Laurië decended into a thorough pout. "No ponies." "And why is that?" "Because we can't bring them with us." Water made his eyes shine and ever so slightly that lower lip started to tremble. "It's not fair. Asfaloth gets to come, why can't mine." Ah, the famed argument, Glorfindel thought as he brushed the budding tears away from his son's face. "You know Asfaloth is a special kind of horse. I told you so, remember?" The boy nodded and Glorfindel rubbed his back comfortingly. But Glorfindel knew the boy still had a hard time comprehending eternal life and the longevity of Aman. "Asfaloth has been my faithful friend for a very long time and protected me through many dangers. I would be very sad to lose his company now." "Asfaloth is a good horse," Laurië agreedonly to give a small giggle seconds later. "Even if he blows funnily at my face - " "He does love to do that." " And tickles me." "Really?" The boy gave a stubborn look. " All the time ." A mischevious look came over the blonde's face. "Like this?" Laurië laughed and squirmed as his father bent his head down, nuzzling the boy's neck and puffing air there while wiggling his fingers over all the tickelish places along the boy's sides. Gasps of protests came between almost incessant giggling, Glorfindel's smile growing ridiculously wide at the joyful sound. "Stop! Stop! Stop!" "Why should I?" Glorfindel asked with a challenging look, feeling his playful side awaken at the chance to tease his son. "Because you like me-!" The boy shot back. Glorfindel grinned. "But I love tickling you more!" .oOo. "Ah, the first ride." "Wonderful memories, right, Elladan?" The elder nodded, causing the younger to grin before he sneakily continued: "Especially the way you fell off your p-" The peredhel slapped a hand over his twin's mouth, stopping the embarrassing tale. They had gone out in search for their favorite elfling after realizing he wasn't lurking about their office. It was strange indeed for the ten-year-old. Both agreed that the occurance required investigation, but what they found was unexpected. "Ah, 'Dan! 'Ro!" "Laurië, don't drop your hold." The boy's hands quickly snapped back in place over the worn horn of the saddle. The shift in weight the small move caused made Asfaloth throw his head in annoyance, ruffling that magnificent white mane in the progress. Thankfully, Glorfindel knew better than to make more sudden movements around the horse. Though the white stallion was trained diligently to not throw his rider at every little startle. Laurië resorted to smiling instead of his previous waving. A look of concentration on his face as Asfaloth took a side step to compensate for a dent in the paddock ground. Glorfindel patiently let the stallion steer. Only holding a hand on that muscled neck to keep him close. Elladan leaned on the white fence, allowing it to bear his weight. Laurië looked good on horseback. Even if the horse was ridiculously oversized for the boy. He suspected Elrohir had rubbed off on the boy more than he knew. A sting of jealousy shot through him at the thought. It was no secret that Elladan fancied himself Laurië's favorite uncle. "Straighten your back!" Elrohir called from behind him. His face bearing a smile as he watched the elfling adjust in his seat. Glorfindel only shook his head in response. He had spent the last two hours trying to teach the boy proper form in the saddle, but the restlessness in the young elf's body had put a stop to his careful teaching. Yet, a single word from one of the twins was all that was needed to get him to adhere to his previous teachings... He gazed sideways, watching the way Laurië practically glowed with pride once the twins appeared within vision. Had he lost his charm? Or was it simply no fun anymore to try and impress his old Ada ? Asfaloth seemed to pick up on his strange mood and gave a sympathetic nudge on his thigh, which in turn earned him a rub behind his ears. Thank you, old friend. "So. Riding, huh?" "Never thought they would let you." "We are starting small," Glorfindel insisted, not yet ready to admit that the whole 'riding Asfaloth' affair was more of a compromise than a conscious choice on Glorfindel's part. He still feared what he should tell Erestor. For it was inevitible that the advisor would find out eventually. He always did. Still , Glorfindel argued, It is better than a pony. Glorfindel was painfully aware that he would have had to sleep in the guest room for days if Erestor found out he had caved on that point. Now, he could keep both his son and his husband reasonably happy. Hopefully. He ordered the horse into a stop with a low rumble. Asfaloth immediately stretched over the fence to nibble at the dark hairs within reach. "Hey!" Laughs erupted at Elladan's expense. But Glorfindel did not even bother to point out the obvious misbehaviour. He knew the stallion expected some leeway for his patience shown today. Instead, Glorfindel set about easing his son off the high horse's back before stripping the saddle and halter with efficient movements. Asfaloth barely tolerated the thing during wartime, so being forced to wear one now had taken some persuation on Glorfindel's part. Thankfully, the horse was susceptible to flattery... And a promised massage or two. "I did good, right, 'Dan?" "Yes, yes. Little one. No one ever rode as well as you on their first time." "Especially on such a big horse!" Glorfindel watched Laurië climb the fence, only to demand being put up on the elder twin's shoulders. Elladan did not seem to care about the smell of horse clinging to the child. The peredhil falling back into their old routine of conversation, Lauriës head snapping this way and that to follow the exchange. Sighing, Glorfindel went to return the saddle and other equipment, his horse strutting behind him. "You are not helping." Asfaloth poked him in the back in response. Regally leaning his head over Glorfindel's shoulder. A pointed look in his big dark eye. "Right, I did promise, didn't I?" Elrohir watched the pair file in the direction of the stable. "So, how about we check what the cook made for dessert today?" Blue eyes widened with delight. "Yay!" .oOo. The bed bounced as Glorfindel threw himself down on it. "Ah, tired!" He allowed the cool of the covers to seep into his skin for a moment, slowly taking in the silence of their bedroom. He frowned. "Erestor?" Lazily propping himself up on his elbows he perked his pointed ears. Swish, swish. Sighing, he dragged himself up again, shivering as his naked feet hit the floor. Padding through the dimly lit room he soon arrived at the other end of the apartment. The stream of yellow light from the crack in the door confirmed his suspicions. "Erestor." Dark eyes looked up, taking in Glorfindel's half-clad form where he leaned in the doorway. "What is is? Is Laurië up again?" Glorfindel pouted, watching those hands as they continued to sift through pages and stacks of documents. He loved the ardour Erestor had towards his duties. He too was proud of playing his part in Rivendell. But was it wrong to wish for a bit of time spent with his love? "Do you still have much left?" Erestor froze for a moment, setting down the contract he had been skimming through. Eyes fastened on Glorfindel's face. "I have a few things to settle before bed..." "Ah, right." Glorfindel rubbed his arm, feeling strangely in the way. "Well... Shall I wait up for you? It is late..." "I'll be over in a