Warnings: Slash . Male/Male relationships. Swearwords. AU. Pairings: Glorfindel/Erestor, Elrond/Celebrian, Celeborn/Galadriel AN: Spawned from my epic desire to see some snow. Can't wait for Christmas! Enjoy ~ DR Summary Snowflakes and Christmas cheer. The magic of the season does not only bring snow, but also things you did not dare hope for... .oOo. Christmas Bells .oOo. A glow of ambient light filled the kitchen as a flurry of people moved through the cramped space. Flavors of the season spread through the warm air, wrapping each and every one in the house in its mouth-watering smells. "Mmm. Looks lovely." A long finger dipped into the softly whipped cream of the winter dessert, swiping a piece of it quickly before returning for another taste. "Ow!" "No tasting, Glorfindel." Celebrian did not drop her stern stare, an incriminating spoon in her grip. The blond could make puppy eyes all he want, she knew if she gave in once before she turned next half the bowl would be gone. "No fair," Glorfindel protested, eying all other goodies that stood on the great kitchen island. Sweet and savory pies. A hefty smell of caramelized apple and carrots. A faint whiff of black currant sauce mixing in heavily with the scent of resting turkey, from where it lay in its pan beside the oven. Celebrian raised her spoon again, threatening. "Alright, alright!" Grabbing the bottle he came for Glorfindel swiftly left the estrogen dominated domain, leaving the fierce Celebrian and a silently giggling Arwen behind. The livingroom was full of activity. A great Christmas tree lit up the enclosed space, creating streams of color where light bounced off the colorful ornaments hanging in it. Little Estel lay waiting beneath the tree, his big grey eyes stared longingly through its green branches. The boy's barely 3 feet tall form stretched out amongst the myriad of presents that lay in heaps beneath it. Though it was not hard for Glorfindel to notice the way the boy kept an eye on a particularly big present, guarding it like a dragon would a treasure. "Up to no good again, Glorfindel?" The blonde grinned sheepishly, unable to hide a smile at the accusation. "Guilty as charged." "He never learns, our Glorfindel." Elrond moved to stir the heating mulled wine some more, exchanging a look with the third party of the group. Celeborn smiled in return, his face serene but hiding secretive glee. "He will learn," Celeborn said knowingly. "We all do, once we get married. Never interfere with females and their kitchen. Especially not during the big holidays when everything is balanced on the edge of their carving knife. When their reputation is on the line, that is when we males step back and let the professionals handle things." Glorfindel gave a wry look. "Luckily, there is no need for me to take such precautions." "If you say so, my friend." Elrond scooped some wine into their cups, adding a heavy amount of sliced almonds and raisins into his own. The warmth of the wine was heavenly and Elrond could happily crawl up in one of his armchairs and let the evening creep forwards at its own slow pace. Unfortunately, that rarely happened. "Ada! Ada!" Elrond quickly balanced his glass cup while desperately trying to withstand the fierce pull on his pant leg. "I'm hungry. Can I eat?" Elrond, giving his best diplomatical smile, tried to placate his son. "Soon, Estel. Soon. Why don't you go see what your brothers are doing?" Estel frowned, his face scrunching up in displeasure. "But they're boring! They just wanna play their games." "Well," Elrond began, "why don't you join them?" Glorfindel smiled seeing Estel's face go from sour to a thorough pout. The boy was really too dramatic for his own good. Yet, Glorfindel would not have Estel any other way. He loved seeing him so alive, but he loved his smiles the most. They always managed to brighten anyone's day for the better. "But 'Dan won't let me play!" he whined. "He says I'm too little, that it's a game for big boys." Elrond rolled his eyes out of careful view of his son, causing Glorfindel to almost burst into laughter. But no, laughing at Estel was not something he could do. Tease him, yes. But laugh at him? No, not today. Clamping his mouth shut, he tried to reign in his bubbling laughter. Celeborn, always the grandfather when best needed, decided to take pity on his son-in-law. He quickly distracted the boy and steered Estel's attention towards his growing toy collection. The four-year-old eagerly jumped into action at the promise of being able to show off his new 'friends'. Glorfindel sipped on his wine, watching Elrond breathe a sigh of relief. "So much energy. Were Elladan and Elrohir ever this intense?" The blonde raised a brow at the questioning look Elrond sent his way. Grinning, Glorfindel said, "They are all your sons. I think all of them would turn out to be a bit wild, considering your genes." "Ha ha. Let's see if you have such a happy face when you stand in my shoes, Glorfindel." Elrond swept a look over his children spread out over the room. The twins stuffed comfortably in chairs around a chess table. Estel talking animatedly with Celeborn by the Christmas tree, speculating about what presents he would get this year. Elrond sighed, "Sometimes, I almost wish we had more girls. They are much less trouble to deal with." "Do not be so sure," came the calm reply from behind them, somewhere closer to the fireplace. Elrond swiveled around, meeting light blue eyes glittering with mirth and knowledge. "Ah, of course. You should know best, Galadriel." Elrond had never grown comfortable around his mother-in-law. Her powerful presence always seemed to rub him the wrong way. Celeborn was much easier to deal with. When it came to family gatherings such as these, Elrond was more then content leaving Celebrian to entertain the golden haired woman. Galadriel gave him her typical mysterious smile, her eyes gleaming as she shut the book she was reading. She set it aside on the small table by the armchair. His armchair, thought Elrond bitterly. Rising to her full height, Galadriel's pale dress glittered like the snow that fell outside. Her hair held up in an elegant twist of gold, a few tresses framing her face. "I only say so out of experience. Arwen is still young... I think, in a couple of years, you will come to change your opinion about which is easier. Boys or girls." Glorfindel could not help chuckling at the stumped expression of his friend. Galadriel always found just the right words to make even Elrond's famed countenance crack at its carefully controlled seams. Glorfindel was, however, unprepared for Galadriel bypassing them altogether. The woman instead head towards the front of the house. Confused, Glorfindel blinked. "Galadriel?" "He is here." Glorfindel was about to ask what she was talking about when a strong flash of headlights hit the large windows. The twins both looked up from their game of chess, Elrohir sweeping out of his seat in a fluid motion. "Erestor's here!" Elrohir called as he rushed towards the door. But Galadriel was already there, pulling the door open. A flurry of snowflakes burst into the room with the powerful gust of wind that forced its way inside. "Erestor." "Galadriel," Erestor greeted in turn, his smiling face barely showing from behind his great red muffler. The male, slighter in build than his peers, looked like a snowman, covered in snowflakes despite his heavy winter clothing. Bright red cheeks spoke of the winter's chill. His dark eyes deep as he scanned the room. "Estel!" he shouted, waving in the boy's direction. "'Restor!" Estel bounded off the sofa, his stubby legs carrying him like a deer over newly fallen snow through the room. Elegantly dodging obstacles and legs that blocked his path. Estel flew into the waiting arms of his favorite uncle without hesitation, burying his face into the crook of his neck. "Ha ha," Erestor laughed, as he held the boy tight. The cold quickly melting away as Estel hugged him. Estel pulled away, eyes scanning the dark featured male. "You look... tired, 'Restor. Ada, we must put 'Restor in bed." Elrond chuckled, deep and rich. "Oh? Estel has a point, my friend. You do look exhausted. I hope you did not drive all the way here directly from work?" Erestor flushed, being caught in the act. "I slept in the doctor's lounge, so no, I'm not technically straight off work." From the way Elrond's face screwed into a dismayed expression, Erestor knew that was not what the male wanted to hear. Elrond was overprotective of his family, but having grown up together always made him look out for Erestor more than his other friends. They were much like brothers, even more so after his twin died in a car-crash at sixteen. "Pulling a night shift and sleeping on an uncomfortable sofa in the lounge does not qualify as appropriate rest before long-distance driving." Elrond tugged Estel off him, holding the boy in his arms to let Erestor hang his thick wool coat away. Elrond's medically trained eyes hastily picked out the thinned form dressed in a dark red shirt and fitted black pants. Elrond observed in a cleverly hidden whisper, "You've lost weight." "Not now, Elrond. Can we for once let my health be for a moment?" Dark eyes pleaded with him, and Elrond knew that bringing the subject up further would only cause an argument none of them had the energy for today. "Oh, before I forget." Those pale hands fished up a big plastic bag situated by his feet. He dangled it in front of Estel, grinning, "Another present to put under the tree." Those grey eyes grew wide, excitement flooding them as Estel eyed the colorful paper hidden inside the bag. "For me?" Erestor smiled. "Of course." A quick kiss on the cheek later and Estel, with present in tow, scrambled away towards the tree. Determined to guard it well knowing that there would be no opening of presents until later that eve. "What? I don't get one?" Elrohir said, looking like a child waiting for a treat. Erestor rolled his eyes, ruffling the male's hair much to Elrohir's dismay. "They're already under the tree. I sent them ahead of time. Estel's was much harder to find." He turned to Elrond. "I searched six hours for that present. Through ten stores. Every last one of them were sold out until I found one in the next town over." Elrond's face turned shocked, mouth agape. "You didn't? You mean it is...?" "Uhuh." Erestor looked smug. "I said I'd get it." Glorfindel watched the interaction with some reserve. Still wearing his customary smile, but afraid to let his joy out fully. Erestor looked like a vision; dressed casual, but tastefully in his sleek black pants. That wonderful shade of wine-red with the almost unnoticeable pattern on the shirt accenting his pale skin further. Erestor had a no-nonsense personality, which often showed in his outfits. Yet, no matter how practical or simple he dressed, it always seemed to draw out his beauty to the fullest. Their eyes met over Elrond's shoulder and Glorfindel had to turn away. Those deep eyes were too potent to look at without anything to hold on to. His knees felt awfully weak at the moment. A shift in the arched doorway to the kitchen told him he was not the only one admiring the newly minted pediatric oncologist. Arwen's dark form stood shadowed against the light of the kitchen. But Glorfindel could see her penetrating gaze. The way she dissected Erestor's form and seemed to almost undress him with her eyes made Glorfindel uneasy. The girl was barely twenty. Did Elrond know of Arwen's growing interest in his friend? Did Glorfindel wish for another to fight with over Erestor's attention? Erestor was an old