I wheeled my horse, Celam, to face the Orc I heard behind me. While it wasn't as bad as some wars, the carnage around me would sicken someone not used to battle and death. Orcs fought on wargs, men on horses. Both side's dead lay scattered on the ground, and the scent of their blood filled the air. The ground was soaked in it, mud and blood mixing in a foul blend. Blood coated Celam's coppery chestnut coat, most of it that of orcs. He was a faithful horse, Celam. A nice stride and courage when facing down wargs. I had raised him from a foal, and he as was dear to me as any horse ever was. An orc sat astride a black warg in front of you. The warg's teeth were bared, ready to rip flesh from bone. The orc was as foul a creature as the rest of it's race, and it held a shoddy, poorly made axe. It heeled it's warg after you, axe outstretched. You gave Celam a quick tap of the spurs and he was off. At first, you went to meet the orc head on. You veered to the left, then wheeled your horse around to get at the orc's now open side. You spurred Celam hard and leaned low over his neck, urging speed. He rammed the warg as it slowed to turn and face you. You brought your sword down on the orc, missing it's head by a few inches. You blade sliced across it's back, causing it to fall off of its dying warg. The warg's spine crunched under Celam's hooves, and it gave a sharp cry of pain. You trotted Celam in a tight arc around the wounded orc. It stood facing you, making no move to attack. It would wait for you to attack, then try and dismount you. That was the way of orcs, dirty tricks and foul tactics. You picked up a canter, Celam tossing his head in anticipation. He was a warhorse, and he knew your fighting style as well as you did. You turned sharply and charged the orc, blade outstretched. It tried to lunge at Celam as you knew it would, but was stopped when your sword seperated its head from its neck. Celam gave a wicker of pain, the orc's blade probably connected with his leg. It would be simple enough to heal, Bloran would have spare herbs for the horses. You turned around to see that the battle was almost over. No less then four Rangers lay dead. A few of the other Rangers were chasing down the last few orcs, who were turned around on their wargs to fire bows at them. Aragorn and the others had met in the middle of the field, discussing. You gave Celam a well earned pat and started to trot him over, when an arrow slammed you to the ground. It had pierced your light leather armor, landing in your left shoulder. You gasped at the blazing pain in your shoulder, and in your back from the fall from your tall horse. The arrow was long and shabby, oily black flecthing not in good shape. How it had flown, you didn't know. It must have been aimed at the Rangers chasing the last few orcs. You tried to sit up, to get help, but you only worsened it. Your whole shoulder screamed in defiance of the arrow lodged in it. You must have given a cry, because Aragorn and Rhaemyr, a Ranger you had only heard of, were kneeling over you. Aragorn looked worried, grey eyes wide. He had a few cuts and scrapes on his face, as well as dried blood that wasn't his. Even dirty and bloodied as he was, the sight of him made you smile internally. He had confessed his feelings for you months ago, and you still couldn't believe it. "Easy, meleth. Easy." His voice was soothing, calming. Rhaemyr eyed his chieftain oddly. It wasn't widespread knowledge the two of you were lovers yet, but it would be now. You coughed harshly, your whole shoulder screaming in pain. Aragorn took your head in his lap and you could feel your muscles ease at his touch. How long you had watched him from afar, dreaming and wishing. Aragorn turned to Rhaemyr, "Go get me some herbs from Bloran. Tell him its an serious arrow wound, he'll know what I need." He ran a hand through your messy hair. He softly murmured comforting words in Elvish. It soothed you, and you lost yourself in his voice. You focused solely on that, able to push the pain away for a few moments. Rhaemyr returned soon after, running. He held a pouch of herbs and a long strip of cloth to use as a bandage. He handed them off to Aragorn, who nodded his thanks. Aragorn took off his leather belt and laid it on the ground. He proceeded to sort through the herbs, eventually finding the one he was looking for. He rolled a few leaves in his fingers and then chewed them into a paste. "This will hurt, meleth. Bit on this, it will help." He placed his belt into your mouth after you gave a faint nod. The leather tasted of oil and dirt, but smelled comfortingly like Aragorn. "Rhaemyr, come here," he said, motioning to where he sat with your head in his lap. "I want you to kneel right here and press your hand on the wound after I pull the arrow out, okay?" He didn't wait for Rhaemyr's affirmative. Aragorn went about put the paste onto the bandage, adding a few leaves here and there. "Ready?" Both you and Rhaemyr nodded. You bit down into the belt, preparing yourself. Aragorn gave your hand a squeeze and placed his hands on the arrow's shaft. He yanked it free in one swift motion, grimacing. You screamed around the belt, on which you bit down hard. The pain was fire searing through you, but it faded quickly. You felt Rhaemyr's hand press to stop the bleeding, adding to the pain. You groaned and squeezed your eyes shut, spitting out the belt. After a few minutes, Rhaemyr's hand was replaced with the stinging herbs and bandage. Rhaemyr gently pushed you up to a sitting position. You grunted, as the motion set your shoulder afire. Aragorn lifted your arm and wrapped the bandage in an intricate pattern around your shoulder and midsection. He tied it tightly to hold off any bleeding. "Rhaemyr? Would you go find her horse? Its the chestnut with white feet. Celam." Rhaemyr nodded and walked away, sighing at being used like a servant. You bit your lip. Your shoulder was blazing with pain. It was ebbing slowly, though. You leaned against Aragorn to hold yourself up, feeling feeble. He wrapped an arm around your midsection. Aragorn rested his head on your right shoulder, stubble brushing roughly on your check. "You have a talent for making me worry, meleth." He said softly, his voice sweet as honey. "Oh? I wasn't trying." You said a bit sarcastically. Though the fact that he did worry made you smile. He kissed your neck delicately, momentarily banishing all thoughts of the searing pain in your shoulder. All you could think of was his lips on your neck, moving slowly up to your ear. He was interupped when Rhaemyr returned, holding Celam's reins. He thrust the horse's reins at Aragorn, who stood to take them. Rhaemyr looked a little disgusted, his rugged features twisted. He walked away stiffly before Aragorn dismissed him, a bold move considering Aragorn was the Chieftain of Dunedain. But Aragorn didn't really mind, as long as people respected him and did what was right. "Can you stand?" Aragorn asked, offering his hand. "Maybe." You said dubiously as you took his hand. You pulled yourself up, ignoring the protests of your body. You winced as you straightened, and Aragorn's hand found the small of your back to give support. You took a few steps to the horse, slipping a foot into the stirrup. Aragorn stood off to the side, obviously concerned. "Need any help, (name)?" He laid a hand on your bent leg gently. "I can do this." You grimaced and swung into the saddle with a swear at the swift movement. "Suit yourself, meleth." He gave an amused chuckle and walked over to get his horse. You turned Celam and followed, firmly ignoring your shoulder's protests. You wouldn't give the Rangers who disapproved of you anything to use angaisnt you. Being a women and a warrior always earned you scorn, but you didn't want to spend your life tending a house, stuck in one corner of the world when there was so much to see. So much to defend. Aragorn swung himself onto his horse, a great black gelding. He trotted over to where Bloran, Rhaemyr and some other Rangers were gathering. You nudged Celam after him, trying not to cringe at the little shocks the horse's movement sent up your shoulder. "-it's not right!" Rhaemyr said furiously to Bloran. He face was twisted in anger, but Bloran wasn't having it. "It doesn't matter if it's right or not. It's not your place to question." His older, rough face looked exasperated. He was getting old by the standards of the Dunedain. Still young enough to fight, and his skill with herbs was unprecedented. "What's not right?" Aragorn said questioningly as he trotted up to the circle. Some of the Rangers parted for the two of you to join, so you did. Rhaemyr stammered and bowed his head reluctantly. He took interest in fiddling with his reins. His older face was tinted red. Bloran spoke up in annoyed tones. "Rhaemyr here doesn't believe it's right for you to be calling her your meleth." The elvish word rolled off his tongue naturally. Aragorn gave him a threatening glare. He didn't say anything at first, just gave Rhaemyr that cold, icy glare filled with rage. Rhaemyr's eyes darted to you, then back at Aragorn. There was jealousy in his eyes when he looked at Aragorn, and a flicker of affection when he looked at you. Deep set, well hidden, but you could see it. You knew the look, and had seen it before. Being the only woman among large groups of men, it was familiar. You laid a hand on Aragorn's arm and murmured quietly, for his ears only. "Aragorn, not now." He looked at you, the anger in his eyes replaced with confusion. His eyes pierced yours, demanding answer. "Why? I cannot defend your character, as any man should?" Aragorn spoke just as softly as you had. "I didn't say that. I said not now. " "As you wish." He sounded disbelieving and a little disapointed. He turned to Bloran, "Can you prepare salves for the injured within the hour? The horses may need some as well. I'd like to make it back to the rest of the group by tonight, but there is a place nearby we can camp if need be." "I should be able to manage, Chieftan." Bloran nodded and pointed to Celam. "That horse will need a salve for the slice on its shoulder." You nodded and dismounted with a grimace. The pain shot through your shoulder, but was gone as soon as you were steady on your feet. Luckily you were facing Aragorn as you got off, so he was the only one to see it. He frowned at your pain, obviously worried. You handed Celam's reins to Bloran, who took them and rode off to tend to the horse and the few wounded men. There weren't many injured that you could see, and those you could had injuries similar to yours. Aragorn nodded to the others. "Care for your mounts, when you are done, burn the orc corpses. Dismissed." He dismounted to walk besides you. Aragorn offered a hand, and you took it gratefully. He looked