Disclaimer: The Twilight Saga and all characters associated with it are the property of Stephenie Meyer. The poem used at the beginning of this chapter is the property of the Trustees of the E. E. Cummings Trust. Neither belong to me. I my heart)i am never without it(anywhere i go you go,my dear;and whatever is done by only me is your doing, my darling) i fear no fare(for you are my fate,my sweet)i want no world(for beautiful you are my world, my true) and it's you are whatever a moon has always meant and whatever a sun will always sing is you here is the deepest secret nobody knows (here is the root of the root and the bud of the bud and the sky of the sky of a tree called life; which grows higher than the soul can hope or mind can hide) and this is the wonder that's keeping the stars apart i carry your heart with me (i carry it in by e. e. cummings January, 1921 The thin sheet of black ice that shrouded the ground like clockwork every January, although the most visually stunning, was the hidden enemy of those who walked upon it, Carlisle concluded. Full of equal amounts of merriment and whisky, the humans who walked upon the glass-like layer believed themselves to be immune to its assault until they found themselves sprawled upon it. It was in this light that the hospital was brought into a monotonous routine. The winter, filled with injuries sustained from falls or the chill, the summer, a vast majority of cases being sunstroke or burns of the extreme variety. They were punctuated by other cases that differed, automobile accidents seeing a paticular rise with the technological advancements of the decade, but Carlisle remained surprised at how utterally against humans the world seemed to be. This was very much the case tonight. Carlisle turned and walked back to the shared office, finding it empty as he entered and filed the paper file he carried in the aluminium cabinet. Footsteps approached from behind, those that he wouldn't have heard from had he been human. He purposely fumbled over the cabinet for a few more seconds, only turning when he was sure that Doctor Williams was leaning on the cabinet behind him, propped up on his elbow. "A body has just been brought into the morgue. I'm sorry to ask, yet again, but would you mind?" Both had often been on the long night shifts at the understaffed hospital. The dark circles under Carlisle's eyes and his pale skin gave the impression of fatigue. Doctor Williams' similar circles and slump as he stood demonstrated his very much real fatigue. "No, not at all," Carlisle said as he held up one hand to stop the other doctor. "Were they pronounced at the scene?" Doctor Williams shook his head. "They brought her in, but I pronounced the death. It would be near to impossible for anyone to survive the multitude or severity of the damage she suffered," He said, shrugging. "From what neighbours have said, she had a fondness for evening walks upon the pathways near the cliff; there's a lot of fog out there at the moment, the fishermen who found her are pretty sure she fell," Carlisle nodded. "Have any family been in contact?" Again, he shook his head. "She lived on her own, and had no known family, not that anyone knew of at least. I think she stayed quite distant from the community, they hadn't seen much of her at all," He sighed. "It's a shame, she wasn't much older than my own daughter." "You should go home to your family," Carlisle said. He couldn't help but see some of his own experiences in this isolated Jane Doe, but he didn't like to dwell on the similarities. As callous as it may have felt, if he were to dwell on every pitied past, he would remain trapped in the same cycle of thoughts. He pulled on his coat for appearances, picked up his briefcase and he left the office, "I'll fill in the paperwork on my way out," He heard a final thanks as he left the office and walked in the direction of the morgue. The blood, now much less of a pull to Carlisle, was a common scent throughout the veins of the hospital. It surrounded him but no longer taunted him. He wasn't surprised by the earthy undertones, the scents of lake water, plant life and dirt. As he walked closer to the morgue the scent so inconsiderably hidden beneath all of this sprung on him, like a cat waiting to pounce. Sandalwood and ginger, so distinctive that it couldn't be. Underneath all of the aromas intermingling with each other in their complex dance, one thing struggled for his attention. A struggling thump of a heart beat was being smothered beneath everything that originally fought for his attention. Oh, this was no corpse. This was so certainly, so undeniably and inherently her that it broke him. His marble hard exterior cracked as easily as glass. He wondered, for a short second, whether he should have turned that very minute and ran faster than he should have in the presence of any human, like he had ten years ago in 1911. He was pulled forwards and this time he allowed that invisible pull to have its wicked way with him. There she lay, her whole body covered by a sheet of pure white stained crimson. Her heart beat on, the slow and faint thumps pulling him closer and closer. Carlisle willingly let it do so. The heavy metal door slammed behind him as he reached out to grab the edge of the sheet covering her. A wave of the boldest but purest caramel hair, closed eyelids which he knew hid eyes the colour of dry bark, and a wonderfully heart-shaped face. "Oh, Esme, what happened to you?" The once vibrant sixteen year old lay before him; her face was slightly more angular than it had been, her body remained slim, but was much softer. She had recently given birth, he could see that as clear as day, but the rest of how she had wound up in this situation was as unclear as fog, muddled and hazed. Her limbs protruded from her torso at abnormal language, contorted in a fashion unfixable for even the most precise handy work. Her lips, pink with undertones of a vile grey, were parted to reveal the blood pooled in her mouth, trickling from the corner in one long winding path. The lone path ran over her chin, between the valley of her breasts and pooled in the shallow dip of her naval. The rest of her body was covered in blood and dirt from where she must have landed. Her skin, which he once remembered to hold a natural tan, had turned to a sickly shade of grey. Not one surface of her skin remained untouched by the horrors she must have seen. Her own blood had wrecked havoc over her body, and her slowing heartbeat reminded him of that. She had moved from the little farm in the outskirts of Ohio, something which she had spoke of ten years ago, but he could tell this wasn't all that had happened in the last ten years. Apart from the wounds she had received from her fall, there were others; there was a scar on her forehead and eyebrow, Carlisle could feel the poorly healed bones in her wrist. There were other poorly healed breaks as well to her ribs and nose when he looked closer. What had Esme been through to get here? "Oh, Esme," he repeated, dumbfounded but only able to pity her. He thought of Edward. Edward was young, too young for this life perhaps. He had been angry consistently throughout his newborn year, and slowly, in the two years his energy hadn't diminished, but he had begun to accept the life Carlisle had given him. He became happier in his new found strength and indestructibleness, despite remaining a teenager through and through. He revelled in his gift and his inhuman strength and this brought Carlisle joy. He missed his parents, particularly his mother. It would have been bizarre for him not to. Carlisle couldn't imagine how Edward would react if he were to bring Esme home. He may accuse him of being selfish, subjecting another to our existence. He may resent him, and believe this was an attempt of Carlisle's to replace his mother. He may even become hostile. But what would happen if Carlisle were to leave her? He and Edward had been reasonably content for the last three years, the addition of Esme to their group would change their situation entirely. Carlisle doubted whether he could be content knowing that he had left Esme in the morgue while the glimmer of life within her trickled through his hands like sand. The situation was entirely in his hands, but slowly slipping through as her heart beat grew slower and more feeble. His brain said to run, but his own still heart screamed the opposite. His proverbial heart conquered in an easy victory. Reluctantly he moved from where he knelt at the side of her gurney, and turned to the paperwork he had abandoned on the table. Faster than he would have done so in any other situation, he filled out the necessary information, and at the bottom, scrawled one last messy note. Cadaver donated to University of Wisconsin Medical School With no known family, there would be no suspicion around the donation, and by the time another ventured into the morgue, they would merely suspect that she had already been transported to the medical school. He filed the paperwork and turned back to Esme, where she still fought feebly on. "Hold on, Esme," He didn't know if she could hear him, and if she could, he still didn't know if she would be able to make any sense of his whispered reassurances. He couldn't deny that they weren't even for his own gain, as he repeated her name like a prayer. In order to protect body her modesty and shield her from the cold, he took off his coat and wrapped it around Esme, pulling it so that it lay snugly around her, holding her within it as he would wrap a glass ornament in newspaper. Her heart still thumped, although growing slower and slower with every beat, on the verge of collapse from exhaustion. He gathered her into his arms with ease, but cringed at how loosely she lay in his arms. Knowing that the trail behind the hospital was relatively unlit, and that it would eventually lead him to the house that he and Edward shared in the most deserted section of forest, he took this route, abandoning the recently brought car at the hospital. Carlisle ran, much faster than he believed he ever had before, but this movement still seemed so painstakingly slow as he listened Esme's heartbeat, and practically felt the heat leaving her body. He held her close to his own body, and was all too aware of her blood seeping through the thick wool of his coat and onto his jumper and shirt. This only prompted him to hold her tighter than him, as if under the impression that world was waiting to take her away from him again. For a split second he wondered if this was a sick game that fate was playing with him. They had been brought back together through a random series of events, but was fate only dangling her in front of him, just to take her away again? If he slept, he would have thought he was dreaming. Esme's head hung back and her climbs hung limply at her side; another reminder of her life slowly trickling away, a reason for Carlisle to truly use every resource in his possession to save