Hi, thanks for clicking on this story! A few things that you might (?) want to know about it/me: -I know next to nothing about English culture, Russian culture, Ukrainian culture, etc. I'm a Canadian uni student, and while I'm studying history, I won't claim that everything in here is representative of the realities of the Cold War. -Basically all I know about spy stuff comes from James Bond, Covert Affairs, and Atomic Blonde. Other than that, I'm really just making it up. -If you want a good soundtrack to go with the story, listen to the Atomic Blonde soundtrack. It's all absolutely amazing, best 80's hits playlist I've ever seen. -This story is going to be 5 chapters long, and I've already finished 3. I'll keep to my schedule of writing and post the chapters pretty often. I might do a bit of a prologue-type piece afterward, just because I have some solid ideas for it that I'd like to use. -This is going to be a SHORT story. I have a history of starting really ambitious plans and then never finishing them, so my goal is to just get it done, and be proud of it. I would like to thank my friend Amanda for reading the story and giving me the confidence to post it, the bands Chastity Belt, Cherry Glazerr, and The Beaches for being just loud enough to drown out my non-writing related thoughts, and all other Jily fanfiction writers for writing about one of the most amazing love stories ever. xxx, Alexandra Chapter 1 " Good evening, Ms. Evans. Did you sleep well?" " Yes, sir, thank you." " Very good. I do hope you are comfortable. Are you ready to begin?" " Yes, sir." " Very well. Let's start with you explaining how the bloody hell you managed to escape from the Soviets after four months of being held captive." " To be precise, sir, it was three months, two weeks, and five days..." James woke up with a start, his alarm blaring in his ear. Once again hungover (had he really gotten drunk by himself? He had to stop doing that...), He stumbled to the bathroom, and started getting ready for work. This mostly consisted of shaving his stubbled face, trying to comb his hair (with little success), and brushing his teeth (with, thankfully, more success). He groaned as the sun began rising through the small window, his head pounding. James looked at the time, and noticing he was quite late, he quickly got dressed, wearing his usual unremarkable suit, which had been designed specifically with his particular job in mind. He grabbed half a muffin, which he considered to be a fairly decent breakfast, all things considered, and headed off to work, satisfied that he would at least be presentable, if not well-groomed. After pulling into his usual parking space in the underground lot, James turned off the gorgeous Aston Martin he'd been able to borrow for the past few months, and put the key fob back into his briefcase. He was about to open the door when he remembered his now-daily ritual, and, opening the glove box, took out a grainy picture of him with his arm slung around the shoulders of a tall redheaded girl, who was grinning ear-to-ear at the camera. Lily. James silently promised, as he had every day for months, to find her and bring her home, no matter the cost. She wasn't dead. That much he knew. If Lily were dead, the world wouldn't be spinning, the seasons wouldn't be changing, the trees wouldn't be growing. No, Lily was out there, alive, and James was going to find her. At the thought of where she could be at the moment came to him, he involuntarily shuddered, and blocked the possibilities from his mind. James stared intently at the photo for a few seconds, before determinedly putting the photo back into the glove compartment, getting out of the car, and heading inside to get to work. " I'm afraid, Ms. Evans, that we simply cannot accept the idea that you were just grabbed while taking a late night stroll. You've always been able to detect enemy agents coming up behind you in the field, and you have already said that you had your gun on you at the time. How was it that you not only got separated from your partner, but that you were captured so easily?" " I was foolish, sir, and careless as anything that night. We had thought we were coming home the next morning, we had gotten the hard drive from the ambassador's office and had avoided all detection. It was suggested we go out for a drink, which was completely idiotic in itself, but my partner and I were feeling the need to celebrate. That area of St. Petersburg was supposed to be relatively safe, and our location was supposed to be secure. I let my guard down, went out for a smoke around 1 in the morning, and was so preoccupied with- well, with things, that I didn't notice them until they had already disarmed me." " What was it, that you were preoccupied with, Ms. Evans?" " Sir?" " You said that you were preoccupied with 'things' while you were smoking. It is important we know what it was you were thinking about. That is, if you remember." " Y-Yes sir. I was thinking about… my partner. We had just, um, slept together and I had romantic... feelings toward him. I'm not proud of this, and I can assure you that I would not make the mistake again." " Were you in a relationship with him?" " No, sir, it was not so formal as to be considered a relationship. We hardly ever acknowledged that part of our partnership." " Very well. I see no reason why this should affect your future work, the agency has always permitted intra-agency relationships. And I suppose that suffices to explain how it was that the Soviets were able to grab you. Please, proceed with the story." Security could be a bitch at this time in the mornings, which is why James had always preferred to come in late. He didn't mind the occasional half-assed reprimand from his boss, and it was worth it not to have to stand in line for half an hour. But James had a mission, a deeply rooted reason for showing up to work on time these days, and nothing, not even a lineup, was going to stop him from his work. First came the metal detectors. James was permitted to go around those, for obvious reasons, but he had to show his ID to two burly security guards before he was permitted to do so. The worst part about that was that he knew that both Mitchell and Grant, who were always on duty at the metal detectors when he came in, knew who he was, and they still insisted on running his ID through the scanner anyway. Bloody wankers, James thought, as Mitchell again insisted he wait to the side while he double-checked his ID, as if he didn't recognise James from every other morning. Then came the retinal scan, which could be right awful if he was hungover, as the light that the machine shon in his eye was so bright as to cause his headache to intensify. As today was one of those days, James had to do the retinal scanner three times before he was able to keep his eyes open long enough for the machine to register his identity. Finally, there was the worst part of security; Kelly the receptionist. While absolutely kind and always helpful, Kelly was something of a talker, which James could usually work with, but at 6:30 in the morning, without the aid of caffeine, chatting with Kelly about her weekend plans was an absolute nightmare. James managed to dodge that one today, however, as Kelly was strangely absent from her desk in the foyer of the Covert Operations office. Noting her absence, James swiped his access card and the door to the generally shitty agent bullpen opened, the dullness of the office only offset by the odd volume of noise being emitted from agents who usually weren't around for another hour. Completely strange, to see this many agents at work this early, these days, James was used to being at work before everyone else, and leaving far after everyone else. James saw the two things he needed most at the moment; coffee and answers. Coffee he immediately went for, grabbing a mug from the little corner kitchen and filling it to the brim. How he managed to walk around with a mug filled up with hot coffee without spilling any was a trick he could thank his unusual schooling for. He then went to get his answers, in the form of two of his closest co-workers and friends, Sirius Black and Remus Lupin. They were, as everyone seemed to be, chatting away in not-so-hushed tones, both with bright looks on their faces. Smiles like the ones they now wore hadn't been seen for months (to be precise, four months, and three days). "Hey, mate, you heard the news? Bloody hell, what a relief, eh?" Sirius pat James on the back warmly, but Remus raised an eyebrow. "You have heard, right, James?" As the two men saw James's confused expression, they looked at each other, alarmed. "I would've thought they'd've told you the second they got her!" "The second she came back you should've known! They're saying she's been in the UK for weeks, at a facility in Bristol." James couldn't believe what he was hearing. There could only be one 'she' that they could be talking about, only one 'her' that he cared about. "Remus, mate, no bollocks, is it true? Is she…" "Yeah, James. It's true. Lily's coming home." With that, though he had always denied being a crier, James began to silently weep. He'd later go on to claim that it had been a very manly affair, but Sirius and Remus would always attest to there being tissues involved. "Excuse me, ma'am, may I have a word?" James peered into the office of his boss, and one of the most fearsome people in all of the British Isles, Minerva McGonagall. Known for her strict demeanor and the legends of her past missions, she was a brilliant boss and a cracking head of MI6's Covert Operations office. James had always had a close relationship with her, due to his parent's involvement in the agency before their retirement. James had grown up around people like McGonagall, and had the skill to prove it. "Certainly, Potter, please sit. Could I offer you some tea?" That was the other thing McGonagall was known for; her impeccable manners. "No, thank you, Ma'am. I was just made aware that agent Evans would be returning to the Covert Ops office today, is this correct?" "Well, Potter, if she passes her final psych evaluations and physical today, then yes, she will be here no later than 6 PM tonight." James abruptly stood up from his seat in the chair across from his boss. "Why wasn't I notified the very second she was back on British soil? You know all I've been doing for weeks is trying to find her and organize an extraction team!" "Please, do sit down Mr. Potter. I can understand your outrage, but I assure you I am not the person for you to express it to." James sat down, slightly calmer. "I was only notified myself last night, that agent Evans had been recovered and had passed her preliminary debriefings and assessments. I was shocked to find out she had been back in Britain for a while, and I can tell you that I expressed this shock to my superiors in a timely fashion." "Do you know where she was? What happened, how did she get caught?" "All