AN: This fanfiction begins at the end of The Last Olympian book, with slight changes to the ending and the battle against Kronos. I really hope you enjoy this and that I can keep myself motivated enough to continue writing the story. Feel free to ask whatever in the reviews, though I might not answer everything for the sake of , I have already ideas of all main character's pairings, but many won't come in until later in the fanfic. Chapter 1-A Legend Falls He was resting in Apollo's temple, the infirmary of Olympus and couldn't sleep. Many said that he wasn't smart and that he wasn't a thinker. None the less, the events of the last day were plaguing his mind. He knew that he was finally free of the Great Prophecy and that he should be happy. He didn't have to worry about Kronos or the Gods and he was hoping, that he would be finally left alone. Of course, he was sure, that such a fate would never befall him. While the demigods won the war, mist of them were scarred. After losing their friends, siblings and lovers, plus the sheer brutality of a war, they would never be the same again. But Perseus Jackson, he was the most affected. Especially after what had happened yesterday. 24 hours before "Jackson, face your death! Finally Olympus will fall, and you, boy, failed. Your friends are dead, because YOU can't save them. What are you, a kid with some sword, against the King of the Titans!" Kronos was raging, his voice booming through the throne room of the gods. Olympus was already thrashed, statues were cleaved and temples were broken down. The Titan King was on his was to victory and noone could stop him. Nobody was on the streets, an eery silence befallen the City of Immortals, only disturbed by more destruction and the voice of Kronos screaming words of more revenge and chaos. Percy Jackson, Annabeth Chase and Grover Underwood were finding their way through the now destroyed streets of Olympus, finally going in themselves in the grand Throne room of the Olympians, where Kronos was wondering whose throne would be the first to fall. "And alas, our final encounter, with me as victor and destroyer of Olympus. Face it, boy, you never had a chance." Kronos' voice brought the heroes from their silent daze, and they focused on their enemy. The demigod son of Poseidon drew his blade, a Celestial bronze xiphos, named 'Riptide', though usual feeling of balance in the blade didn't calm him down, like it had before. At that moment, Kronos threw himself with inhumane speed, his blade slashing at his opponent. Percy was having trouble keeping up and a sense of dread filled his hearth, because he knew he was no match for the King of Titans. At that time, Annabeth, with her cap of invisibility, was searching for an opportunity to attack. When she thought she saw an opening at the Titan's sword arm, she tried to disarm him. The problem was, that Kronos had already anticipated the attack and had faked an opening. He slammed the back of his blade at the demigoddess and she flew a few meters off. At that time, Luke took control for a split second, too stunned to think what he had done and Percy was able to smash the flat of his blade at the Titan's knees, making him almost crumble. At that moment, Kronos took control again and with a Titan-enchanced hit, disarmed the demigod. But a voice stopped him from continuing. "Luke, stop, listen to me. Listen to my voice, you can control him." Said Annabeth, while slightly dazed, she had noticed the flash of blue in the Kronos' eyes. "Foolish mortal, you think a lowly son of Hermes could keep me from my true form! I AM THE KING OF THE TITANS GIRL, NOONE CONTROLS ME!" Kronos was screaming bloody murder, but that didn't stop the daughter of Athena. "You wouldn't hurt me Luke, Luke you promised." Annabeth breathed, but it was clear to all, while Grover was helping her, she would soon feint. Kronos' eyes started flashing between golden and blue, before he heard Annabeth's voice again. "You promised to be a family promised." Luke' eyes settled at blue and he looked at the daughter of Athena in pain. "He's too close, he will take his divine form any second now, we have no time." At that moment, something happeded, that made Percy look at the demigoddess as if she had grown a new head. She gave her knife to Luke. Luke started quickly unbuckling his armor, until he found the spot under his then started glowing golden. "For all it's worth, I'm sorry."He was getting ready to cut his flesh. Luke's eyes began flickering to gold again and just when he was about to cut his Achilles Heel, somethink he didn't expect happened Luke's neck snapped. One minute before Percy was watching the encounter. While he trusted Annabeth, he hadn't known Luke for more then a few days. He had no faith in Annabeth gave him her knife and he started glowing golden, he knew he had to make a choice. Should he trust Luke, someone who had betrayed the Gods, and was now under impression to be betraying Kronos or his own instincts. Luke was at best a double agend, or at worst the soon to be Titan Lord. His own body was screaming at him to act. He had always trusted his instincs first. He knew what to do now too. Percy creeped behind Luke and as the son of Hermes was getting ready, he did the final blow. He broke his neck. Then the son of Poseidon fell unconscious. Now Percy had woken up in a room, that was such a bright gold, that he couldn't open his eyes as he woke up. After a few minutes, he had looked around and found a shelf with ambrosia, nectar, a change of clothes and a few drachmas. Percy was sure Annabeth would be upset. Hades, she probably hated him. The son of Poseidon knew, that she had loved Luke. He hoped, that Annabeth would love him too, but the war had changed him. Luke's death had shown his newfound brutality the best. He didn't know how he would face her right now. He hadn't heard from any if the gods yet, and had just rested for the whole day, zoning out from and out of short naps. He wanted to hear of his Father, his friends and from Annabeth. Oh, but how he also dreaded his encounter with the daughter of Athena. But oh well, he coudn't really do anything about it right now. The Rewarding Ceremony All demigods, minor gods ans some of the satyrs and cyclops were in the Throne Room of the Olympian Gods. Almost all demigods had their eyes as wide as dinner plates. This was their first visit to Olympus, and most of them coudn't form full sentences. Of course though, there were the children of Athena, who were asking enough questions for all of them. This was the first time most halfbloods meet their godly parent. But something else got Percy's attention when the demigods looked at the son of Poseidon. They were stepping out of his way and looking at him with one very specific emotion, that he recognised easily. Fear. They had seen him in battle and had also heard how he had disposed of Luke in the final battle. If Percy wasn't as tired, he would probably run somewhere and throw up, then cry himself to sleep. As if he wasn't the odd ball enough in his life. Most monsters, except the few most powerful ones, feared him. Those few and the Titans hated him. Many gods despised him for simply being the son of Poseidon and others for being a slight bit disrespectful to them. But come on, who would be respectful to the god wine, who he was pretty sure he could beat in combat. But now even his own friends in Camp Half-Blood didn't recognise him as their comrade. They were afraid of him, and not without reason. The only people that truly loved him were only his Mother, Father and Paul. Maybe Rachel too. But even his best friend now was disgusted with him. He soon found out he was zoning out in his own misery and listen to the Zeus' booming voice "Tyson of the Cyclops! For your bravery and leadership of your brethren we the Gods will make you General of the Army of Atlantis, to serve your Father until you perish in battle. We also wish to grant you a weapon of your choice, crafted by Hephasteus himself." Tyson looked giddy, but composed himself and suprised everyone with his weapon of choice. "A stick!" Said the cyclops son of Poseidon entusiasticly, causing most spectators to chuckle at his antics. Zeus was a little bit dumfounded, but answered nontheless "Of course, .. the best uh, stick will be presented to you soon. Now join your bretheren." Tyson looked so happy with the cyclops chanting his name, a small smile creeped on Percy's face, knowing his half-brother was happy. He coudn't brake his heart with his own cursed existance. He waited for the next annoucment "Grover Underwood of the Satyrs!" Called Dyonisus and a very pale and sweating satyr limped his way until the God of Wine's throne. "For you heroic deeds and bla bla, we offer you the newly freed spot on the council of Cloven Elders. Yoy would be the new Lord of The Wild." After the God if Wine finished, Grover fainted. "Great, now bring him out of there before he starts snoring about food." As Dyonisus saud that, a few nymphs grabbed the new Lord of the Wild as he started whining about food again. Then Athena, the Goddess of Wisdom and Battle strategy, spoke next. "Annabeth Chase, my daughter." The daughter of Athena walked in the circle, bowing to Zeus, then going in front of her mother's throne and kneeling. "Rise, daughter, for your great acts we, the Olympians, declare you as a Heroine of Olympus and make you an offer. As all can see, Olympus is thrashed. The Titan Lord has destroyed most of it. And we offer you a chance to design the new City of Immortals. Who better, than a Heroine of Olympus and the greatest daughter of the Wisdom Goddess." At the end of the statment, Annabeth's eyes were wide and she was slightly dazed. After about 30 seconds to contol the eide array of ideas, that had befallen her, she just nodded and went back to the crown. Until the Sea God's voice thundered. "PERSEUS JACKSON!" At that proclamation, everybody's whispers quickly shut up and all looked at the son of Poseidon as he throtted his way in the middle of the 12 Olympian Gods and Goddesses and bowed in front of Zeus before kneeling before his Father. "Does anybody deny that my son is worthy?" After a few grumbles from the gods that didn't like him as much, everybody quited down. The next god who spoke was the King of The Gods, Zeus. "Then we offer you the greatest gift to a mortal." At Percy's raised eyebrow, the Lord of the Skies continued. "Godhood. You would be your Father's leutinent forever, you would never feel sick or perish." Ignoring the gasps of the demigods watching, Percy looked at the options. He didnt have anyone right now, except his Father and Mother and living forever isn't half bad. But he had seen himself in battle and knew what to expect. He would probably be another War God, feared by most. Ares will try to murder h every moment, knowing that he won't really die. Amphitrite and Triton would hate him for eternity, and he would probably have to serve them as a minor