Author's Note: My first one-shot. For the Ceasar's Palace September challenge. The darkness of the night consumed him, sending a jolt of fear through his body. Haymitch gripped the knife in his hands as his eyes popped open, sending his vision into a blur of colors. The cool, smoothness of the knife felt like his only clutch to sanity. His breathing was rapid and erratic, heart violently pounding within his chest. He leaned over the bed and reached out until he found the rigid edge of the switch and twisted it. With a soft click, light filled the room around him. He hunched over, head in his hands and ran his rough fingers through his oiled hair. The nightmares hadn't failed to continue. The loud boom of another cannon would forever haunt him, indicating another tribute had fallen, dead. There had been 47 cannons shot by the end of the second Quarter Quell of the Hunger Games. Forty-seven faces burned into his head and etched into his closed eyelids. Forty seven obstacles in his way until he could be home once more, with her. That was three weeks ago. Haymitch groaned from deep in his throat, a sound so low and rough it might be from an animal. He saw the dried blood that had stained his carpet red flash through his mind. He had walked through the front door and there she was, spread-eagle and unmoving, her eyes absent of light. A small bullet hole had pierced through her forehead, where the blood had spilled out in a large puddle surrounding her body. A rush of terror had washed through his body like a wave crashing upon the shoreline, and bound him into the depths of agony like a feeble grain of sand. His breath hitched in his throat, his face drained of color until he trembled where he stood. How long he stood, paralyzed of shock, immobile and unsure if he was even breathing, he wasn't certain. He felt his feet carry him a few paces forward and his knees buckle and bend until he crashed to the ground beside her. He couldn't think, he couldn't breath. He was only capable of lifting his arm and extending his hand out to her. He caressed her face as if she was a delicate flower and began tracing the contours of her face, to burn it into his memory. He had scooped her limp body into his arms and began heaving heavily, like there would never be enough air in the world to fill his lungs. The tears sprang to his eyes so suddenly, he couldn't control them as they slid down his face. Through every painful sob that racked his body and desperate cries that overwhelmed him, he thought he might drown of sorrow. He felt empty. Haymitch ripped the sheets covering his body and tossed them aside. He walked down the stairs and made his way to the kitchen. Yanking open the freezer door, he reached inside and snatched a half-empty bottle of whiskey. The Capitol's finest, they had assured him when he bought it. On the counter lay an untouched blueberry pie, still in the plastic container he had bought it in. It had been his little brother's favorite since the day he tried it during Haymitch's Victory party at the mayor's house. Haymitch could barely bring himself to look at it, let alone toss it. His brother would never get the chance to eat it. He swept his arm through the air until it collided with the container and it fell to the ground with a crash. The container broke open, the pie smashed, and the blue filling spilled out onto the ground. It reminded Haymitch of a cracked skull, blood seeping out. He angrily kicked it, cursing loud enough to wake the neighbors, if he had any. He passed his mother's worn, gray slippers in the hall by the kitchen. Haymitch had insisted on buying her new ones but she had told him not to make a fuss over her. He knew his father had bought them for her long ago. He imagined his mother might suddenly appear from her bedroom and slip them on before making her way to the kitchen and begin bustling around. Never again would he hear pots and pans clanking together or a knife chopping food as she prepared their meals. He decided he never wanted to again. It would only remind him of everything the Capitol had taken away from him. He continued stomping his way to the couch as half anger, half unbearable pain threatened to devour him. He clicked the light switch up on his way. Hurling himself onto the couch, he slouched back into the cushions and twisted the cap until it fell onto his lap. He lifted the bottle to his lips and swallowed a big gulp. His nose scrunched together in disgust. It seemed to burn through his body the whole way down. He looked ahead at the front door. The door that he watched his mom, brother and fiance walk through a week ago, the excited chatter spilling through the girls' lips as they discussed the wedding plans. Haymitch closed his eyes and downed another gulp from his bottle greedily. He opened his eyes and his gaze fell to the carpet a few feet ahead of him. He could still see the faint traces of the blood stain, slightly pinkish against the white carpet. He had scrubbed that area until his knees ached and the joints in his hands strained, but still he could see it. He turned his head and welcomed his eyes glazing over and his vision blurring. He tilted his head back slightly and swallowed more of the harsh alcohol by the mouthful. The memories were beginning to resurface, fresh in his mind once more. He clutched the bottle, wishing it to numb him from the harsh reality. His mother stood on the station platform, holding Holly's hand and his brother's in the other. He never thought he'd see the outside of the arena again, let alone her beautiful face. In spite of himself, his lips curved upward into a wide grin. He stepped off the train and onto the platform, the cameras surrounding him. Before he could walk any further, he saw Holly running forward. She flung herself into his arms so enthusiastically, he stumbled back slightly. He hugged her close to him and spun her around, a small chuckle sounding from him. She embraced him, crashing their lips together. When they broke apart for air, he gently set her down to the ground. She planted her head in the crook of his neck and placed a small peck there. " I knew you'd make it back home to us," she whispered into his neck. " Woman like you," he said under his breath, only wanting her to be the one to hear his words. "I had to. Couldn't let you get away from me." She raised her head and lifted herself to her tiptoes. "I love you," she whispered into his ear. "Promise we'll always be together now." He pulled her closer, blocking out the camera flashes in his face. "I promise," he whispered back. "Marry me?" She responded with another kiss to his lips and small shriek of excitement. Haymitch brought the bottle to his lips once more and gulped it as if it was water. The bottle was empty in his hands when he brought it down from his face. He wiped his lips with the back of his hand, where drops of liquor had spilled. He felt sick to his stomach, but chose to ignore this. He squinted at the bottle and chucked it at the wall. It shattered on contact, the pieces falling all across the carpet. He felt numb, and to him, it was better than feeling anything at all. Mrs. Everdeen sat in the old wooden chair that scraped the worn wood of her small house. It creaked whenever she moved, so she stayed as still as possible. She twisted the simple wedding band on her ring finger around and around, hoping it would plummet her back into reality. She waited until the day she would see him walk through the door again and he would hold her in his arms. She felt outside of her own body and mind, as if watching helplessly from above. It seemed impossible that only a month ago, she had stood in front of the mayor, receiving a medal in honor for her husband's death. She felt all the life slowly leave her day by day. The colors of the sky seemed less blue, and the air harsher. Most days she hadn't been able to muster the strength to get out of bed. Instead she lay on her side, her fingers resting on the other side of the bed where she could see the mattress dip where her husband should lay. She longed for it to be warm from his body again. The tears wet her pillow and stuck her hair to her face. She hugged the pillow to her chest while the sobs shook her body. After days of that, the tears stopped and she could only lay there, numb to the world. "Mom, look at me!" Katniss yelled, shaking her violently into reality. Before, she would look at her daughter and it would only bring a smile to her face. She would fill up with pride at her strength and cleverness. But everything from her gray eyes, to her dark hair, and the way she walked reminded her of her husband. If she looked at her, she'd break even more. She didn't want her daughter to see her cry, so weak and helpless, above everything else. "Mom!" Her voice was cracking. "We need you now. Please ," she begged. Mrs. Everdeen brought her head up, forcing herself to look her daughter in the eyes. When she did, she wished she hadn't. Tears threatened her eyes and they looked filled with fright. Her face was paler than she last saw her, her face slightly gaunt. She heard the door open quietly and light footsteps growing louder. Prim came into her view, her tiny body and bulging blue eyes full of life. "Mommy," she said, wrapping her small arms around her in a hug. "I miss daddy, too." "Prim, go to your room," Katniss said calmly. Prim released her mom and turned to look at Kaniss, her lip quivering just slightly. "But mom-" "Now, Prim," Katniss said, a harshness to her tone. "Mom will be fine," she spat, directing her words at her mom. Prim reluctantly walked to the bedroom. "Mom," she started in a demanding tone. "Listen to me. The money's run out. We're out of food." Her soft face looked hardened, the innocence melting from her. It was hard to remember that she was only eleven, carrying the burden of the family on her shoulders. "Say something!" She spat in a low whisper. "I'm sorry, honey," Mrs. Everdeen said, her face welled up in distraught. "Don't call me that," she hissed back. When her mother didn't speak again or make any attempt to move, Katniss spun around, hard on her heel, and stomped away from her. She didn't miss the look on her face before she turned. Hurt or hate, she couldn't be sure, but all she knew is that she couldn't blame her. She hated herself, too. Katniss pulled herself up onto the counter and began searching the cabinets, her small arm extending all the way in but finding nothing. She was fuming and slammed the cabinets shut. She boiled water with old mint leaves. Mrs. Everdeen tried to remember the things that made her happy before. The way her daughters smiled at her. Her husband kicking off his boots after a long day at the mines. A patient thanking her when she returned them to good health. But all the good, happy