This is a re-post of a story I posted around 5-6 years ago under a different name. I'm starting a new profile and wanted to collate all of my works on one page, which is why I've re-posted it. Hope you enjoy! Strolling around the castle at midnight was fast becoming a nightly ritual, Harry pondered as he made his way to the fourth floor. He ignored the biting chill of the night air on his arms as he made his way along the corridor, staring out of the windows. Harry was particularly fond of this corridor at night. The large windows decorating the expanse of one wall gave an unobstructed view of the lake. He found it calming to simply walk to this spot and watch the moon's reflection on the glassy surface, occasionally fractured by winds or the giant squid. Harry paused and let out a soft sigh, stopping to rest against a windowsill and vaguely listening for Peeves, Filch or Mrs. Norris. Ever since he had returned to Hogwarts for his makeshift seventh year, sleep had been a distant dream. Too many memories that lingered within the repaired castle came to haunt him in his dreams, leaving him wary of falling into a slumber. He had found that a late-night walk while his fellow dormmates were sleeping calmed him and tired him out enough to allow for virtually dreamless nights. This was made decidedly easier by the 'eighth-year rules', which were in place to give the oldest students some freedom because, really, they shouldn't be there. These included the lack of a curfew at night; so long as you didn't make too much noise and remained pretty inconspicuous, you could roam to modified corridors right though the night. Something that Harry now took advantage of very often. Letting out another quiet sigh Harry moved from his position and walked further down the corridor until he reached a stone bench that sat opposite the windows, and offered a comfortable (ish) view of the lake without standing. Sitting down, his mind wandered back to what lay waiting for him in Gryffindor tower, and he quickly banished the thoughts with a shake of his head. The small room he now shared with Ron and Dean Thomas bore only bad memories for the Saviour. Everytime Harry looked at his freckled best friend (only back at Hogwarts due to his bushy-haired girlfriend's constant nagging), he saw Fred's death in his eyes and the pain he had inadvertently caused by dragging the Weasley family into the war even more. Thinking of Ron also brought forth thoughts of Ginny. Poor, sweet Ginny who's heartbroken expression would remain with Harry forever as he clumsily tried to explain his feelings, or lack thereof, when it came to the ginger-haired young woman. And looking at Dean Thomas only reminded Harry of the events at Malfoy Manor, and the bloodstained memories that were linked to that. This linked to Draco Malfoy, who- No. Thinking about what lay back at Gryffindor Tower was not a thought process he wished to take. Deciding that he had spent long enough in the draughty castle corridor Harry stood and turned back, walking along the moon-lit corridor and out onto the grand staircase. Trying not to think about the influx of memories that assaulted him just by walking through a corridor, he didn't notice when the staircase he usually took to get back to the Tower had moved, and was facing in the opposite direction. Unknowingly Harry walked on up the stairs and was about to take the next staircase when he realised that there wasn't one there. Confused, he did a double take and realised what he had done. Harry turned around, prepared to take the set of stairs back down when an incredibly hard something hit him from behind, pitching him forwards. Grabbing onto the banister to stop him from falling to his death Harry used the momentum to push himself backwards. Unfortunately, he didn't plan on there being a person right behind him. Harry's head turned in time to see a flash of platinum blond before he overbalanced and went tumbling into said person, pushing them both backwards and down. There was a crash as they fell, then a slam, followed by a small click and the dim light of the staircase was replaced by a gloomy looking darkness. Stunned momentarily, Harry didn't notice that the floor was particularly bony until it moved and started cursing him. "Potter, you oaf! Get off me this instant!" A high, aristocratic voice yelled in his ear, coupled by a sharp shove of an elbow to Harry's throat. Choking slightly, he moved backwards quickly until he felt cold stone at his back and sat down, panting slightly and massaging his sore throat. "Merlin, Malfoy, there's no need to bloody attack me!" Harry said, glaring at the Slytherin through the darkness. Though he couldn't see the blonde's face, the dark-haired teenager could recognise that voice anywhere, despite not having heard it for four months as the Slytherin was very skilled at avoiding Harry. "I have every right to attack you if you push me into a broom cupboard and then land on top of me!" Came the snarky reply. Harry rolled his eyes. "I didn't push you into a broom cupboard Malfoy, I fell over. You were just in the way. Anyway, you're the one who hit me first!" Harry retaliated. " Hit you? Not likely, Potter. You were the one stood in front of the door as I opened it." Harry couldn't see it, but he imagined the familiar sneer ruining the blonde's pale face. Harry opened his mouth to let loose another barbed retort when he paused for a moment, thinking. Malfoy was obviously waiting for a reply and was surprised at the lack of one. "What?" He almost hissed. "What in the name of Merlin were you doing in a broom cupboard at one in the morning, Malfoy?" Harry questioned, genuinely curious. There was no reply as the Slytherin suddenly stood up and began shaking the door in front of them. When nothing appeared to work, Malfoy growled and kicked the door viciously. "Stupid bloody thing! Why won't you open you-" His ranting was cut off by a fiendish giggle. Harry's heart sank. "Is silly little baby Malfoy stuck inside his broom cupboard? Maybe he shouldn't have spent so much time in there! Wee Peevsie knows what's been happening here and now he's locked you in!" Peeves' delighted laughter slowly faded as he went away, no doubt to terrorise some sleeping first years or something equally Peeves-like. "Bugger!" Malfoy cursed, sliding down the door until he was sat opposite Harry. "That little bastard will pay when I get out of here! You just wa-" Harry cut him off. "When will we get out of here, Malfoy? Not that I don't love the prospect of spending time with you in a cupboard, but my bed is missing me and I don't like to keep it waiting." His voice dripped with sarcasm and the rolling of Malfoy's eyes could practically be heard through the darkness. "I don't know, Potty. Sometime in the morning, probably. People will notice you're missing and Peeves will say something and the whole damn school will get off their arses to go and find the fucking saviour ." Malfoy's voice turned bitter towards the end. Harry, now infinitely pissed off at the thought of spending the night in a cupboard with Malfoy, clenched his fists so he wouldn't do anything stupid. His knuckles cracked. "What, aren't you going to say something back? About how no-one will bother to look for a scum-bag Death Eater who-" "Shut up, Malfoy." Harry said, trying to keep his voice calm. "The war is over. I've accepted that. Everyone else in the fucking school has accepted that. I think it's time that you did too." He was met with a stony silence. "Come on, Malfoy. I've given up on this stupid animosity between us. Can't you?" " No. " Was the quickly given reply. "Why?" "I- I don't know." A sigh. Harry waited. "It's just- I've spent my whole life being forced to believe that you were the bad one, that I should hate you, and then there's always been all that tension between us and-" He cut off suddenly. Harry was in slight shock. He hadn't actually expected the blond to open up to him."You don't have to any more, Malfoy. Voldemort's dead; he's gone and he-" "You think I don't realise that!" Malfoy hissed, interrupting him. A pause. "Sorry. I guess it's just old habits die hard. And turning over a new leaf has never exactly been my strong point." "It's okay," Harry replied, not knowing what else to say. There was an awkward silence that lasted for a few minutes. Harry suddenly heard a strange noise, and soon realised that Malfoy shivering against the wooden door. "Are you cold?" he asked. "One tends to become cold when wearing only a pair of pyjama trousers whilst in a stone castle, Potter." Harry ignored the strange feeling that shot through his lower belly at the revelation that Malfoy was only half dressed. "Why don't you cast a heating charm then?" The Gryffindor questioned. "I don't have my wand with me." Malfoy sighed. Great, the both of them were stuck in here, wandless. Harry wished he'd listened to Hermione when she told him he should always have his wand with him. "Hey, you never answered my question! What were you doing in a cupboard?!" Harry asked accusingly. He heard the Slytherin opposite him sigh, probably accepting that he could no longer escape the question. "I often have trouble sleeping, and I find that sitting somewhere away from everyone else allows me to order my thoughts." Was the emotionless reply. Harry, surprisingly, felt a small smile lift the corners of his mouth at the revelation that he wasn't the only one plagues with memories of the war. "Me too." He said. "What?" "I don't sit in cupboards, but I tend to walk along the fourth floor corridor. The view from the windows helps to calm me." Harry had no idea why he was telling Malfoy all of this; he hadn't even told Ron. Then again, he wasn't locked in a broom cupboard with Ron now, was he? Silence fell over the unlikely duo once more, before the Gryffindor decided to break it. "So, what do you want to do?" "What?" For someone usually so aristocratic and composed, Malfoy certainly seemed to say 'What?' an awful lot. "Well, we're stuck in here for the foreseeable future, and I don't know about you but I certainly don't feel like sleeping right now. Might as well do something entertaining, right?" Harry reasoned. "I suppose..." Malfoy sounded unsure. "Just what did you have in mind?" Shocked that the Slytherin seemed to be humouring him, Harry didn't wait for long. "I dunno, we could play Truths or something? Now that we're no longer mortal enemies we could always get to know each other, right?" Harry could hardly believe what he was saying. Another pause. "I guess... though does it have to be through such an infernally mundane method?" A hint of disdain was evident in Malfoy's voice. "Please, tell me your suggestions." "Truths it is then." "Great." Harry smirked into the darkness victoriously. "Who wants to go first?" He questioned. "You can," the blond answered. "It was your idea to play, after all." "True. Right, okay then," Harry thought for a moment. "Why did you come back to Hogwarts?" "I figured that even if I couldn't get a job I might as well do something worthwhile and finish my education." Harry couldn't hear any emotion in the reply. "Why wouldn't you get a job?" He asked on impulse. "I was under the impression that this game worked on take turns. In which case, it is my turn to ask the question,"