Once upon a time… In a land far, far away. There is little ol' Katie Gardner, but instead of a palace in a land far away. It's a farmhouse outside of the hustle and bustle of the big apple. In fact it's more like a farm, than just a house. Every little girl dreams of living in a palace, being a princess. Being waited on, hand and foot. And maybe even meeting their prince charming, or knight in shining armor. Well my life was reality, no living in dream land of princesses and princes. More like a tragic reality. 10 years ago, it started, the downward spiral of tragedy. But I guess you could say I had it coming, and it really started the day I was born. My mother left when I was just a baby leaving my father to raise me, and when I was 6, everything changed. He remarried, and we moved. Moved from our large farmhouse to the hustle and bustle of New York City. My step-mother was actually okay when she first arrived, she was no real mom, but good enough. Sadly, she had brought along Shayna and Emma, her two spoiled brats. 2 years after they joined the family, my life hit its lowest point. My father had died in a fatal car accident. I never got that last chance to say I love him, but I think he knew, and there was no reason to have to say it. He knew I loved him, but still my life turned upside down. It was like something snapped in my step-mother, she was nastier after my father died, and so were my step-sisters. My father and I had always had a love of animals. I guess that is why we used to live on a 5 acre farm. I remember on my sixth birthday, before the step-family joined the family, my father gave me beautiful black as midnight horse. He had a long soft crimped mane, which also happened to be the same dark color as the rest of him. I named him Argo, the best name for a strong horse like him. We spent the whole day riding around the property, quite possibly the best day of my life. "But that was back then, when we still lived on that beautiful large property. Once the step family joined our family we moved. No longer getting to wake up to country life but the the hustle and bustle of New York. The constant noise of cars and the streets filled with rude people. Lets just say the city wasn't my favorite place. We moved from a farm to a 3 story town house. You could say that I liked the house. This house wasn't brand new, it still had it's old charm to it. Once father died, 'mother' moved me to the third floor, which was basically our junk room. I wasn't terribly sad when I moved upstairs. I was far away from my family, but most of all, it reminded me of home. The old wood, rustic floors. The ceiling was beautiful though. You could see all of the beams, leaning to onto one center point. There was barely any windows, but the few cracks here and there lit up the room, like a barn. So you could say that I actually like my new house, although it is in no way comparable to my farm. My home life wasn't the only thing messed up, so was my school life. I wasn't anything close to popular, in fact I'm pretty sure no one knew I existed. Other than my best friend in the entire world, Miranda. She was the closest thing I had to a family. I guess I liked school, I was pretty smart, probably got some of the best grades in school, the real problem was having to wake up so early, and then walk to school. Well now that you know my life story. What I guess that I'm trying to say, is that even though my life in a living hell hole sometimes. I should be lucky with what I have. There are worst lives to live after all. I wake up at 5 in the morning, which is 2 hours before school starts. I take care of the animals. Did I forget to mention we have two dogs and a cat. Clean, cook, get ready for school, all in 1 hour. And then I start my 1 hour walk to school. It probably wouldn't actually take 1 hour to walk to school each and every day, but I take detours every now and then. There are some days where I go to central park to admire the many different flowers. Then there are other days where I go through the richer neighborhood, thinking about the families who live in each house. The kids who have a mother and father, with not a care in the world. But those kids will never know what it feels like to be me, the heartache, and hard work I put in each and every day. Today I took a stroll through central park. Flowers were my mother's favorite thing, at least that is what my father used to tell me. Instinctively my hand went to my flower shaped locket that belonged to my mother. This morning the park was fairly empty, only the occasional dog walker or jogger. I guess I was too wrapped up in my own thoughts to notice someone jogging, cause at that instance I collided with someone. We both ended up on the ground. My bag and books strewn on the ground, the person's phone and headphones thrown in another direction. My hand went to where my locket should be around my neck, but instead of being met with cold silver, I was met with just skin. Scanning the ground around me to see if it had fallen any where near me, but returned with no locket. I scrambled over to a patch of grass, and started to pick through the grass in search of my locket. There was a tap on my shoulder, I looked up to see my locket hanging in my face. "I'm guessing this is yours," I didn't even seem to notice the boy who had my locket in his hand. I went to snatch my locket away from the boy, but he pulled it back before I could get it. "No. No. No. Haven't your parents ever taught you manners, what do you say?" The boy said in a mocking tone, clearly enjoying this situation. I didn't even bother to look at the face of the boy, just keeping my eyes on the prize. "Thanks," I replied dryly. "But if you don't mind, I will gladly take my locket back and be on my way" "Uh, no. I would like an apology." "An apology. An apology for what?" "For crashing into me" "Yeah no. That was your fault. But could I please have my necklace back so I could be on my way." "Since you asked so nicely, here." He held out my necklace, and held out his hand to shake. "Travis Stoll" "Thank you. I will be on my way." I ignored his stretched out hand proceeded to pick up my things. "Are you normally this pleasant," he said in a joking manner, but also completely serious at the same time. "Well are you normally this annoying." "If you have to know. Then, yes I am usually annoying. So what's your name flower," he said gesturing towards my clothes. I was wearing an old jacket with flowers, with a white tree hugger t-shirt underneath it. With ripped jeans, that had a floral pattern on them too. I guess you could say that I'm obsessed with flowers. "My name is none of your concern." I finally actually looked up to see the face of this strange boy. I was met with gleaming dark blue eyes. I was staring at frickin Travis Stoll. Wait, didn't he say his name before. Uhhh I guess I didn't hear, I figured that it would just be some annoying kid, not Travis Stoll, one of the most popular boys in school. "Enjoying the view Flower," he smirked. Ok, this boy is seriously getting on my nerves. "First of all my name is not flower. Secondly I was not enjoying the view. It was quite a disappointing view, actually," I said quite smugly. "Well I'll be on my way now. Thanks for finding my locket. Seeya Travis." I started to walk away, but I turned and gave him a small smile and wave before getting back on my route to school. I checked my watch. Oh crap. I'm gonna be late. I started to run to school. "Hey Flower! Wait up, you forgot something." Just then I felt someone grasp my arm, pulling me to a stop. I looked up see Travis holding my book. "Thanks Travis," I thanked and then grabbed my book. "But I really have to be going, or else I'm going to be late." I walked away from him, picking up my pace in order to get to school on time. "Flower, you have 30 minutes until school starts. You go to Goode High School, right?" I gave a quick nod. "So no need to rush, school is only like a 10 minute ride from here, plus traffic." "Yeah sure, only a 10 minute ride for you. But for me it's a 25 minute run, cause if I don't run I'm gonna be late. Not everybody is lucky enough to have a car. So if you excuse me, I have to run, literally." This time I made sure not to look back, or stop for that matter. I ran as fast as my legs could go, stopping every now and then to catch my breath to start running again. 15 minutes latter, I made it to school "I guess I was faster than I thought," I muttered. The halls were pretty empty, only a few students and teachers lingered in the hallways, though in 5 minutes these hallways are going to be cramped with students. I made my way through the halls, towards my locker. I quickly shoved my books into my locker and made my way to started to fill the hallways. They jostled each other, trying to make it past one another. I kept my head done, and because of my small stature, I was able to slip through the crowd. Usually I wouldn't have to bother with anyone talking to me in the morning, I would normally be able to slip through the crowds unnoticed. But today just wasn't my day. "Hey watch… Oh hey there Flower." Once again I was on the ground with my stuff scattered, due to the one and only Travis Stoll. Only this time I was lucky enough to keep my necklace on. "Watch it Stoll," I sneered. For the second time today, I just had to crash into the Stoll boy's presence. "You know Flower, I think that you secretly enjoy my company." He draped his arm over my shoulder and brought me closer. His arm is around me. This is extremely uncomfortable. I gave him my signature glare, and once he noticed my glaring he just smirked. He is seriously getting on my nerves. I pried his fingers off of me, one by one, and then the hand. Then turned to look at him in the eye. He was staring intently at me for some reason. His eyes were scanning my face, but they kept analyzing my eyes. It was as if he was trying to see inside of me, to find who the person is behind this false facade. To put a name to the green eyed Flower. "I see you are enjoying the view once again Flower?" My face reddened once he caught me staring. "You know Flower, if you are enjoying the view