Iite so I know that I deleted the other story "Love In An Unexpected Place" Don't be mad at me please. I just thought that I should start it over so I did. If you don't like it…sorry for ya. But here is the new version of it. Enjoy! No copywrite intended KoD Chapter 1 - Break Up POV: Rosalie Hale Songs: Outta Here - Esme Denters It's so amazing how you have so many faces And you are not that person I thought that I had fell so deep in love with You changed up your makeup your DNA I can't recognize you're a stranger to me I feel so betrayed what a waste of my heart Get me outta here 'Cuz my eyes are burning From these silly tears That you brought when you show me you don't really care And you never loved me, someone get me outta this place Have you ever been in love, well loved someone, but it was all a lie? The worst part being that you knew it wouldn't work. But yet you sit and cry about them? Story of my life right now. Even though I'm sitting here, eyes burning from crying so much over a stupid guy, I've learned something. Guys show one side of themselves, but eventually their other sides will come out too. Whether it be for good or bad, it will show. My ex-boyfriend falls into this category. Royce King is what every girl would want. Wealthy, good looking, popular and has everything going for him. The only difference is he has different faces. I mean around me, by ourselves, he was loving. Most of the time. When he is around his "boys" he is a totally different person. So it was only a matter of time before the other side of him would show itself. Which in time it did. Apparently for the past year or so that we have been dating, he was also banging someone on the side. Jessica Stanley is known around the school as "the school slut". There wasn't many guys that went to our school that she hadn't slept with. Which Royce had took to his advantage. So here I am. Pathetic ex-girlfriend sitting at home crying. Well that was until my friend Alice called. Which is who I am on the phone with at this very moment. "Rosalie I tried to…" "I know. You tried to warn me about him. I should have listened in the first place." I managed to get out while wiping the tears from my face. "Well…I hate to say this." "Say what?" "I told you so." She said in a sing-song voice. I sighed knowing she was right. It was silent for a long moment before she said what I've been wanting to hear for the past hour. "Rose. Get outta there for a while. I mean there's too many memories in that house for you. Come stay with me for a while. I know neither one of our parents are gonna care." "True in so many ways." My mind was made up in less than thirty seconds. "Give me twenty and I'll be there." Alice screamed so loudly I had to pull the phone away from my ear. That pixie was so crazy. I could just imagine her at this very moment. Her small form in one of her many dresses jumping up and down on her bed. Her short black hair that was always spiked out in every direction bouncing in rhythm with her movement. "Okay. So see you in a bit, and don't worry about the stuff in your bathroom." "Do I ever? Your bathroom is like Bath & Body Works collided with a hair salon. You have everything." "So very true. You know I LOVE my stuff." "That I do. I'll be over shortly. Bye Alice." "Yay! Bye Rose." After collecting myself and calling my dad, which I didn't get an answer to as usual, I left a message. "Hey dad. Something happened with Royce, and I don't feel like talking about it right now. But I'm gonna stay with Alice for a while. The house will be locked up so don't worry. Call me when you get this. Love you. Bye." My dad was all that I had left to my family. When I was ten my mom took my four year old sister to the store with her to grocery shop. When they were on their way back, a drunk guy hit them head on at like fifty miles an hour. I don't remember that much about it. But I do remember that my dad took it really hard. Even though he didn't show it and kept it bottled up inside of him, I knew it got to him. He started to spend more time at work, which lead to him hiring a nanny for me. All of his time at the office had paid off when he got a promotion. But, with the promotion lead to more out of town or out of country meetings. Which is why I'm by myself right now. He thought that since I was sixteen and had my drivers licenses that I was old enough to fend for myself. Don't get me wrong I love having the freedom when my dad isn't around. But there are times when I wish that he would be around more. One of those times being now. I just needed him to hold me and tell me that Royce was a stupid teenage guy, and that I would eventually find someone better. I laid the phone down on my bed and grabbed the black Louis Vuitton luggage set out of my closet. After setting them on the bed and throwing pretty much everything in my closet and drawers into them I closed them up. I didn't know how long I was going to stay with Alice. One thing was for sure though, if the chances were good, I wasn't coming back here for a good long time. I grabbed the Louis Vuitton cosmetics case and with one swipe of my arm had everything in the box. My toothbrush and toothpaste was the only thing that was left, which I grabbed out of my bathroom and threw into the case as well. When everything was zipped up and sitting by the wall closest to my door I opened it. I was met by my five month old pit bull puppy, Ali. She is the cutest thing I have ever seen, and by far one of the best presents that I have gotten. Her entire body was a silver gray color with only her paws, chest and few spots on her face which were white. My dad had given her to me in July as an early Christmas present. Apparently he was going to be out of the country for Christmas this year, which wasn't much of a surprise to me. With it only being the month of October, I had a while for it to sink in that he wasn't going to be here. It also meant that Alice's house was going to be decked out in Halloween décor. Once my thoughts were together, I literally threw my bags down the hall and the second floor stairs. Even though they weren't that heavy I drug them thru the kitchen and into the two car garage. I pulled the keys out of my purse and hit the button that would pop the trunk on my red 2011 BMW M3 convertible. After throwing them into the trunk and putting Ali in the car, I locked up the house. Once I was inside the car, I started the engine and just listened to how it purred. I loved that sound. I was out of the driveway in no time and hitting the button that would close the garage door. I was pulling into Alice's mile long driveway in less than fifteen minutes. The ride wasn't that bad. It was her driveway that put a hurting on my car. Stupid driveway. I pulled up to the five car garage only to find that my original spot was taken up by a huge silver looking Hummer. Even though I was pissed, I didn't really think before pulling up behind it and cutting the engine off. Ali was very impatient at this point in time. As soon as my driver side door was open she jumped out and was across to the other end scratching at the door. I laughed a little when I saw her running in circles wanting in. "Are you that excited to be here?" I asked her. Even though I knew she couldn't really answer, she barked. Which meant that she knew what I was saying. Right? I hardly had the door open that lead into the Cullen's kitchen, when Ali pushed her way inside. It was only a matter of minutes before she made herself at home. Which never took long for both of us. It only took a few minutes to find out where Alice and the others were. There was a door that lead down to the bottom two floors of the house that was underground. From the outside the house looked like it was only a two story. But in reality it was a four. Two above ground and two below. The two above ground were for Esme and Carlisle. Everything was in white, tan and an ocean blue. The kitchen, dining room, living room, and a bathroom was on the "first floor". The "second floor" was where the master bedroom and bath were. Along with three spare bedrooms and an extra bathroom for when family came to stay. The bottom two floors that were underground were for us kids. There was a "No Parents Allowed!" sign hanging up on the door that led down here. The setup was much the same as the top two floors. With the only exception being that everything was in black, white, and blood red. The bottom floor was where the kitchen, living room, game room and bathroom were. The floor above it and below the "first floor" was where all the bedrooms were. Alice's was the master bedroom and bathroom. Then you had Edward's, mine for when I stayed, and a spare as well as another bathroom. Carlisle was a doctor at the nearby hospital. Which would explain how they got a house like this. Not to mention that his grandfather left him oodles of money in his will. Esme however is the owner of the land here. Her father left it to her, just like his father left it to him. I walked down to the very bottom floor to find Alice, Edward, Bella (Edward's girlfriend) and a few other people I didn't know, sitting around the flat screen watching something. The first of everyone to turn their heads and look my way was a very hot, curly black haired guy. He wasn't skinny, and he wasn't fat. He just had a lot of muscles on him. Which made him even hotter. I knew I had seen him somewhere before but I couldn't put my finger on it. When our eyes met and a cute dimpled smile came across his face, something happened in the pit of my stomach. It had never happened before when I was with or around another guy for that matter. I had no idea what it was, but I liked it. It was like butterflies were flying around in my stomach. I had never gotten that feeling when I was with Royce. But, I had just met…scratch that, saw this guy. Why was this happening? Alice turned around at that point to see what the curly haired guy was looking at. "Rosie! What took you so long?" She asked walking over to me and giving me a hug. My mind wasn't comprehending what she was saying. It was still looking at this guy for