A/N: Okay I cannot believe that I am writing a Lord of the Rings story, I really can't. For those of you that follow my stories you know that I don't rant before I begin a story, I just write the summary and warnings so please excuse my rant here. I don't know how well this story is going to be or where it will be going. Things in this story will differ from the books and the movies, but the end goal is the same. This really is all Orlando Bloom's fault. I had no interest in watching the Hobbit movies, I read the book when I was in Grade eight and hated it. So I never watched the first one, but then Orlando Bloom decided to be in the second one so I had to watch it, because it's freaking Orlando Bloom with long hair, need I say more. So you can't watch the second movie without seeing the first so I had to watch the first and then watched the second one right afterwards. That led to wanting to see the Lord of the Rings all over again with the extended scenes. Now here we are I'm searching the site and reading stories and now I have to write one. For those that read my stories, I have a serious interest in characters with pasts and I love brothers. There is just something about Faramir that I love and have to write about. The way his father treats him and how Faramir and Boromir have a close relationship and there isn't any jealousy or hatred between them. So I have to write about Faramir. So for this story some things will be different I want to get it all out now so if people don't like the difference in the story they don't have to read it from the start and hopefully no one will complain about it. Boromir is alive he survived his injuries from the arrows and he still tried to take the ring. Everything in the first movie happened and in the second movie happened the only difference is Boromir was alive to help in Helms Deep. Faramir let Sam and Frodo go, but his actions are that of the book where he doesn't take them to Gondor to hand the ring over. I don't believe that Faramir would try to take the ring especially after hearing that Boromir tried. The character seems more noble and has a strong will and belief in right and wrong like Aragorn. I also think it shows just how different the brothers are. It also shows how Boromir is more like his father in his interest in glory and power and how Faramir is more like his mother with a more intellectual side and no desire for glory or power. I am going to try my best to get the characters down and most importantly the old language. I ask that you bare-with me while I get the language and wording down, I am welcomed to people helping me out with the language in a constructive way. This is a new territory to me and I'm not sure how well it will go over. Summary: So this story is going to be focused on Faramir and Gondor. The fellowship is still in Rohan after their victory. Faramir has to go back to the city to face his father once his father got word of his actions in letting the ring go. The fellowship decide they will head to Gondor because they know that Sauron will attack there next, especially with it being so close to Mordor. Theoden is staying in Rohan to build up the army before they come to Gondor to help them fight the war. I am going to have it so there is a larger time in between Helms Deep and the final battle in Gondor so there is more to this story. The time in between will be more than a week and a bit, for my story it will be a couple of months with smaller battles building up to the big final battle. I'm also going to make it so that Faramir is only twenty-five in my story and Boromir is thirty. I want Faramir a little younger and only holding seven years' experience to make him seem younger in the field than Boromir as well. Hopefully this goes over well and people don't crucify me for this. There will be mentions of torture, violence and past child abuse. There won't be any slash at all in this and I don't even know if there will be any romance in this at all. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Chapter One Aragorn along with his fellowship were back in Rohan celebrating their victory at Helms Deep with King Théoden and his men. It was a hard battle, but Gandalf had arrived just in time with Eomer and his men to save them from destruction and death. Now they were all back together at King Théoden's throne room celebrating their victories. Merry and Pippin had managed to destroy Isengard, so today was a good day for Middle Earth. No one had heard about Frodo or the ring, but for now they would listen to their hearts and think positively. If they hadn't heard about either Frodo or the ring then that might mean that they were still alive and had not been captured. With the destruction of Isengard and their victory at Helms Deep they were all certain that Sauron was beyond furious at his loses. He would strike hard and when he does he will make sure it is where it will hurt them the worst. Tonight was for celebration, but tomorrow it would be about planning their next step. Aragon couldn't bring himself to relax though, he knew that he should be celebrating, but he couldn't help, but feel like it was just one battle against many in this war. They didn't know where Sauron was going to attack next, but Aragon had a good idea that it would be Gondor. Gondor was the last true kingdom of men. It was also practically in Mordor's backyard. It wouldn't take long for Sauron to send his armies to attack Gondor from all sides. Aragon was certain that once Sauron had a large enough number in his army he would begin his strike on Gondor. Aragon knew it was supposed to be his kingdom, but he couldn't get passed that fear in him. He did let Frodo go when Boromir could not, but that didn't mean he would be able to lead a kingdom. Even if he did survive the final battle and they had won, Aragon didn't know how to run a kingdom. He didn't know how Gondor and its people would even react to him being there. There was also the Steward that would be a problem in itself. He didn't know much about Denethor other than he would not weakly give up his throne and title. Aragon knew that Denethor couldn't deny his return, but that didn't mean he would willingly give it up either. It could cause a civil war to break out in Gondor if the worst case scenario happened. Aragon also didn't know how Boromir felt about him returning to the throne. Technically it was Boromir's to take over once his father died or stepped down. Aragon knew he would need to speak with Boromir to see how he even felt about his return to Gondor. Aragon knew it was his birthright and he didn't need to consult with anyone. In the end it was his decision and his right to take the throne to Gondor. That didn't mean he wouldn't speak with Boromir first and see how he would react to it. If he could get Boromir on his side and support his return, then Gondor might not react poorly to it. Aragon looked around the room and saw Merry and Pippin singing on a table with a group of men drinking and smiling up at them. Hobbits always did know how to have a good time. He looked over at another table and saw Eomer with a shocked look on his face as Legolas and Gimli were having a drinking game. Aragon could see Gimli completely drunk and barely staying awake while Legolas looked completely sober. Aragon could understand the look of shock on Eomer face. Elves were not easily intoxicated. In order for Legolas to get truly drunk he would need to drink easily a barrel full of ale before he even got close to passing out. Elves were special creatures and many were envious of their abilities. There had been many times in Aragorn's life, even on this journey that he wished could possess some of Legolas' skills. Even the simple fact of walking on top of snow instead of buried under it. Aragorn loved the Elves and he would never allow any hatred to come from the occasional envy. Aragon turned to see Gandalf watching Merry and Pippin dancing and singing another song on the same table. He also then saw Boromir speaking with a few of the Rohirian men. He had been drinking, but not too much, just enough to make him louder than normal. Boromir was a man of confidence in himself and in his skills. Aragorn found himself wondering about what Boromir's brother would be like. Aragorn knew that Boromir had a younger brother, but he didn't know his name or anything about him. All he knew was that his brother had a dream that led Boromir to Rivendell. Aragorn wondered if his brother would be confident like Boromir was and if they even got along. Aragorn walked over across the room to speak with Boromir. As he walked up to Boromir, Boromir smiled at Aragorn and welcomed him by putting his arm around Aragorn's shoulders. "Now this is indeed a celebration for a well-deserved victory." Boromir said with a huge smile on his face. "We still have a long way to go my friend." Aragorn said with a smile back. "You need to learn to celebrate the victories in life no matter how small or big my friend." Boromir said with a smile as he moved his hand off from Aragorn's shoulders. "It is indeed a victory for Middle Earth." Aragorn said with a smile. "I was wishing to speak to you for a moment." Aragorn added. "Of course. Come let us go outside for some fresh air and quiet." Boromir and Aragorn headed outside into the night. The stars were blanketing the sky and the moon gave light to the earth. Once outside they could no longer hear the cheering and chatter of men. They didn't have to speak loudly just to be heard over the others. "What is troubling you my friend? You should be celebrating this victory, not troubled by thoughts." Boromir said. "It is hard to celebrate when Sauron will just strike another target. There is much to discuss tomorrow and to plan." "Though that is not what is troubling you." Boromir said as he leaned his back against one of the railings outside. "No it is not. At some point we will end up in Gondor. I fear that Gondor is where this final battle will take place. Eighty-seven years I have feared and avoided my birthright and now I must return to the city where I am supposed to rule. There are many questions, many unknowns. The further into this war we get the more it troubles me." Aragorn answered honestly. "The most important question is simple, do you want the crown?" Boromir asked in a simple voice. There was no anger or disgust in his voice and Aragorn took that as a good sign. "I do not know how to rule or run a kingdom. I have not been to Gondor in decades, not since your father first took over. Not only that you know your