Spring 2014 It was raining. A tall, handsome young man was chasing after a willowy blonde in a black dress, calling out her name. "Madge," he panted, an umbrella in his hand. "Madge, wait." Too late, Madge Undersee thought. Two seconds in this downpour and it had already soaked her to the bone. A lot can happen in two seconds. Two seconds and her hair was already plastered to her forehead, dripping water into her eyes, making it all but impossible to see her boyfriend Seneca hurrying toward her in his previously immaculate three-piece suit. Two seconds and her own dress was already like a second skin, clinging almost obscenely to every curve on her body. Dad would have had a fit. A suspicious dampness that had nothing to do with the rain blurred her vision. The umbrella sent water spraying in all directions when Seneca finally managed to wrangle it open. He quickly held it up over her head. "Sorry," he apologized, looking at her anxiously. "Your dress—" "Don't worry about it." Worse things have happened. Seneca hesitated for a split second before pulling her into his arms. "Maysilee and Haymitch are already there," he whispered, his lips brushing her ear. Aunt Maysilee. "I'm not ready," Madge said, burying her face in the crook of Seneca's neck, breathing in the designer perfume that complemented hers exactly. Wearing his-and-hers scents had been his idea, when they first started dating six months ago. His parents and her parents were friends, and while they were supportive, they had been surprised and not as optimistic about the match as Madge had expected them to be. Not that it matters anymore. Seneca's chest rose and fell as he sighed. "Nobody ever is." Madge's bottom lip started to quiver. "I wish—I only wish—" A taxi pulled up next to them, and her heart leaped at the sight of the familiar dark-haired head that emerged from it. "You came," was all Madge could say. The new arrival tore her away from Seneca and hugged her fiercely. "I said I would, didn't? I talked to my adviser and got on the first flight out of Iceland I could find. Grad school can wait." Madge was weeping openly now. "You came," she repeated, her chest heaving with sobs. "Shh, shh," her best friend said, her own voice breaking as she stroked Madge's hair and held her close. "Annie's here." . ooo . SEATTLE (Associated Press)—Residents of the town of Vostead, WA, braved torrential rains and came out in droves yesterday afternoon to pay their last respects to their departed mayor Eric Undersee, 54, and his wife Mathilde, 51, who were killed a few days ago in the 100th mass shooting in the United States since New Year's Day 2014. A lone gunman opened fire at a Vostead High School assembly where the mayor and his wife were invited guests. The school's principal, three teachers, and eleven students were wounded. Besides the Undersees and the gunman who shot himself at the end of his rampage, there were no other casualties. The Undersees are survived by their only child, Margaret, 25. . ooo . "How's she holding up?" Haymitch Abernathy asked gruffly, swirling the whiskey around in his glass. It was the morning after the funeral, and he was sitting around Eric and Mathilde's kitchen table with little Annika Cresta—well, not so little anymore—while his wife Maysilee went and talked to Madge in her old room. Annie held her cup of chamomile tea with both hands, savoring the warmth of it. "I'm a little worried," his niece's best friend admitted. "She's not crying anymore. She hasn't, since the funeral. And she doesn't talk about her feelings... whenever she opens her mouth, it's facts, the most cut-and-dried things you can think of. I mean, she's not the most outwardly expressive person to begin with, but this is different. It's hard to get any reaction out of her." "You've been friends for how many years now? Twenty?" "Yep," Annie confirmed, taking a sip of her tea. "We met at pre-ballet. Or so people tell us; neither of us can actually remember what happened. It might as well be a lifetime ago, because as far as I know Madge has always been... there." Haymitch nodded in understanding. "I know the feeling. It was like that for me and May." "I thought you met when you were sixteen?" "We did. But I'll be damned if you could convince me that she wasn't around for all the years before." Haymitch knocked back his whiskey and poured himself another glass. It seemed a bit excessive for ten o'clock in the morning, but Annie had known Madge's uncle long enough to recognize that it was Haymitch's idea of breakfast. His next question caught her off guard. "Is Madge's boyfriend any help at all?" Annie was surprised to hear the hostility in his tone. "You don't like Seneca." "He's a decent enough fellow," Haymitch granted. "But he's just not right for Madge, and if you ask May she'll tell you the same thing. Even Eric and Mat thought so." "I know what you mean," Annie said. Madge and Seneca cared for each other deeply; she knew that much. But there was always something missing, something Annie couldn't quite put her finger on. Or, rather, something she absolutely could put her finger on, only she was too afraid to say it out loud, worried that she might be wrong, dreading that she might be right. . ooo . Madge was sitting up in bed, tapping away at her laptop and surrounded by newspapers, when Maysilee came in. "Madge, honey," her aunt said, her forehead creased in concern. "What are you doing?" "Documenting," Madge answered in a neutral tone. She chewed on her lip as she peered at a copy of the Seattle Times . Maysilee had been studiously avoiding the media since her twin's death, directing all of the reporters to Haymitch who then told them, in no uncertain terms, to fuck off. And yet here Madge was, devouring every article, every mention of the shooting that she could find. Gun control advocates up in arms over local tragedy. Maysilee sank down on the bed next to her niece. "I can see that, but why?" The younger blonde pressed her lips together so tightly they turned white, and Maysilee thought that her niece would break down and cry. But Madge's eyes stayed resolutely dry. "I don't want to forget." "Okay, sweetie. If this is what you need to do... I'll support it." Madge turned to look at her aunt with those indigo eyes, and in that moment she looked so much like Mathilde had in her twenties that Maysilee's heart ached. "It hurts so much." Madge's voice was plaintive, wounded. "It hurts, physically. Here." She gestured toward her heart, her stomach, her head. "Everywhere." Maysilee opened her arms, and Madge crawled in. For a while, they held each other in silence. "The first few days... I couldn't breathe," Maysilee said quietly. "It felt as if my lungs had been torn from my body. It was always the two of us together, and now… it's not." She pushed Madge's hair away from her face. "But then I look at you, and I know she isn't really gone. Even though you are your own person, I see so much of her in you. I look at you, and it's like turning back time." The corner of Madge's mouth twitched slightly. "That's a lot to live up to." "I can't promise you that things will get better, Madge." Maysilee pressed a kiss to her niece's temple. "But it will go on." Madge nodded, and pulled herself upright. She ran a finger around the edge of the box Maysilee had brought. "What's this?" "Oh, just some things that Grandpa Donner left us when he died. I've been holding on to them, but I think it's time to pass them on to you." Madge lifted the lid, and immediately the musty but comforting smell of old books filled her nostrils. She picked one up and leafed through it, but it was in a language she couldn't even identify. She ran her eyes down the page, trying to find words she could actually pronounce. Finally, she came across a name that sounded vaguely familiar. "Vik Hallvardson." She looked up at her aunt. "I thought we were German." "We are," Maysilee said. "But we're lots of other things, too. You know, out of all the states, Washington has one of the highest populations of Scandinavian Americans." "I thought they were mostly in the Midwest." Annie's older brother Rafe had gone to college in Minnesota, and for a time he had dated a girl from Minneapolis. She'd given him a Minnesota Vikings jersey. "Oh, they are. Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa… the Dakotas are up there, too." Maysilee was a statistician by profession. "But there's a fair few here, and in Oregon and California. In fact, Vostead is an Anglicization of Scandinavian words. It means 'wet place'." "You're kidding." "Swear to God." Maysilee rummaged around in the box, and came up with a silver, T-shaped pendant engraved with intricate twists and turns. "Or, more appropriately, swear to gods." Madge recognized the symbol. "Mjolnir. Thor's hammer." "Do you remember what Thursday—Thor's day—is in German?" If Maysilee had blinked, she would have missed it, but for two seconds the ghost of a smile appeared on Madge's face for the first time since her parents died. " Donnerstag ." "That's right." Maysilee placed the Mjolnir pendant in Madge's open palm and closed her niece's fingers around it. "Donner is German for thunder." . ooo . St. Paul, Minnesota "Gale. Gale . Hey asshole, wake up." Gale Hawthorne opened one crusty eye experimentally, and decided the throbbing in his skull wasn't worth it. He rolled over in bed and pulled the quilt up over his head. "Go away," he mumbled, hoping his friend and roommate Bristel would get the hint. "I take it things didn't go too well with Katniss." You have no idea. Gale had been so drunk that he'd passed out on his stomach, and he could smell the booze on the drool on his pillow. The box with his grandmother's engagement ring was still in the pocket of his jeans, pressing painfully against his thigh. For what seemed like the hundredth time in the past twenty-four hours, Gale wondered what the hell had possessed him to propose to Katniss Everdeen. Sure, she was his girlfriend, and he was crazy about her, had been for nearly a decade now. Sure, they were getting to be that age when things like marriage started to be an actual possibility and not just some vague reference to the future. Katniss was twenty-five now, and Gale was twenty-seven. When Gale's parents were twenty-seven, Gale was in second grade. Sure, Katniss and Gale were, in the eyes of all their friends at least, an old married couple already. They had gotten together when Katniss was seventeen and Gale was nineteen, and before that they'd been best friends for two years. It had always been Gale and Katniss, Katniss and Gale. Anything else was absurd. Anything else was unthinkable. But Katniss had never been very good at relationships, or emotions, or anything like that, really. She'd been almost pathologically oblivious to his hints and advances back in high school. It wasn't until Gale went off to college, and Katniss flared up with hot jealousy over his string of one-night stands there, that she finally decided to claim Gale for herself. Even after that, Gale always suspected he was more into her than she would ever be into him, a feeling that wounded his ego more than he would ever admit to anyone. He was Gale "Love 'Em and Leave 'Em" Hawthorne, for god's sake. He was a legend. His suspicions were confirmed yesterday, when they drove out to Minnehaha Falls—the place where they had their first kiss—and