Manhattan had it's fair share of killers. Sometimes even serial killers. They were all caught eventually. Usually before too many people died. That was before a certain someone moved into town. No one quite knew who he was, as no one lived long enough to tell once they'd seen him. The few witnesses that had seen the brutal killings said he was a white male, tall, with dark hair, and young-around collage age. No one had seen his face. There had been one report of a young girl saying she saw red eyes, but it was brushed off quickly as her imagination. He only attacked at night. And the bodies were so torn apart that by the time they were found it looked like animals had been at them. Teeth marks littered their bodies and they were drained of almost all of their blood. Now, it would seem pretty obvious as to who this criminal was. Or at least what he was. But logically his kind should not exist. The police and the people of Manhattan refused to believe what they knew deep down. There was a Vampire in Manhattan. While the rest of the city fretted and stayed inside after dark and traveled in packs, a certain blood sucker was somewhat unaffected by the new serial killer scare. Aside from the fact that he was the one they were all so worried about, he didn't care at all. Even if they did somehow manage to catch him, they would never be able to hold him. Only a trained hunter would be any kind of problem to him. At 1, 734 years old, Perseus was fairly confident in his abilities. Perseus was such a dated name. He usually just went by Percy now. Percy Jackson was the name he gave when someone insisted on a last name. He had read it in a book somewhere. Some children's book he couldn't remember. He liked it, so he kept it. With a yawn and a hand running through his hair, Percy walked down the front steps of his building. He lived in a attic apartment near the water. It was small and inexpensive but it suited him just fine. And it was big enough if he ever felt adventurous enough to bring anyone home. Though that hadn't been the case in at least a month. He'd been far more interested in feeding as of late. It was nearly two in the morning and the streets were silent. He could hear the distant rumble of the bar scene down he street. He figured he might as well grab a bite to eat before the night was over. Halfway towards the closest pub he wrinkled his nose. He caught the strong scent of weed coming from the park he was walking past. He turned his head as he walked, spotting a group of teenagers in hoodies huddled by the fountain, passing a joint around. He grimaced, Marijuana made blood taste awful and always left him with an unwanted buzz. He turned his head, fully intent on ignoring the highschoolers, when one of them caught his eye. He looked smaller than the rest of them and was a little off to the side. Percy stopped so he could focus on the boy, allowing himself the seek out the specific scent. Other than the lingering smell clinging to his clothes, it didn't seem like he had had any of the drug yet. In fact, when the other boys offered the joint to him, his dark head shook. Interesting. Percy smirked as he started to walk towards the group of kids. "Hey!" he shouted just loud enough for them to hear. He laughed as they all scrambled, muttering various swear words as they attempted to hide the evidence. Several of them ran. By the time Percy reached them, most of them had taken off. He brought his hand down on the small boy's shoulder as the last of them ran off. He smiled down at the frozen, terrified teenager. "Were they pressuring you?" he asked, laying the charm on thick. This close he could smell him better. He smelled like books and fruity gum and teenager. There was an underlying sweetness to him and he couldn't quite place it until he leaned in a little. Ah. AB-. The sweetest blood of all. It had been years since Percy had found anyone with AB- blood. He knew there was something special about this boy. The terror in the boy's eyes had lessened a little at Percy's words but he still looked on edge. His pupils were a little dilated from the second hand marijuana he'd been breathing in. "N-no… I just…. I don't smoke." His voice was small and stuttered and deeper than Percy had expected. Though he shouldn't be too surprised, puberty hit early now a days and this kid was at least 15. He just seemed to have a strange innocence around him. Like life had dealt him a shit hand and yet he had managed to stay pure and innocent along the way. Percy was sure that wasn't true-no one was innocent or pure any more-but the aura around the boy made him all the more interesting. Percy hummed and leaned a little closer, making eye contact with the boy as he spoke, watching the resistance slip away from his face. "Really? I'm glad. I wouldn't want to see you get hurt." He smirked when the boy practically melted in his arms. Hypnotism was helpful in his line of living. He carried the teen towards a thicker group of trees, out of sight from any of the surrounding buildings. He lay him on the ground and knelt above him, his fingers sliding across the boy's throat as he let his claws and fangs extend, eager for the hunt. His teeth grew pointed and sharp, almost like shark's teeth but on a much smaller scale. His finger nails extended and curved, strong and sharp enough to tear through steel. While the hypnotism kept them agreeable enough for him to get them to this position, they would soon snap out of it when he started ripping into them. Technically, he could feed without waking them from the charm and without killing them, but what fun would that be? He was never satisfied with that little amount of blood. He was almost two thousand years old, he deserved a full stomach. Besides, he loved the screaming. He almost moaned when his teeth sunk into the soft flesh of the boy's throat. The quiet sound of surprise that slipped past the boy's lips made it even sweeter. He was delicious, Percy decided, and he was going to take his time with this one. The scream bubbled up in the boy's throat as Percy tore at his flesh. It rang in Percy's ears and egged him on, his claws sinking into the olive toned skin of his sides, ripping away his shirt and spraying blood across the grass. Weak arms and legs thrashed and pushed but Percy barely even noticed, his mouth moving to the other side of the boy's neck, letting the sweet blood pool over his tongue. He moaned as he swallowed, his red eyes flashing with sparks of gold for a moment. He nuzzled his nose under the boy's chin as he licked a line down his throat. He purred as the boy sobbed, his screams dying down as his body became week. Percy's hands continued to move over his body, tearing at his clothes and his skin and staining his pretty coloured skin a startling red, practically glowing in the moonlight. Percy pressed down against the boy and growled. His body felt hot and he was lightheaded. It wasn't the same kind of feeling he got from drinking the blood of someone who was intoxicated in some way or another. It was different. He panted softly, staring down at the boy as the life started to ebb from his body. He was quite beautiful, now that the moonlight lit his face. His hair was dark and long, tied back in a messy ponytail which had started to come loose from the way he'd been struggling. His lips were pink despite his pale olive skin and his eyes were dark and large, round and full of fear. Percy had never wanted to keep someone more in his entire life. He had a personal rule against creating other vampires. He could not be bothered with the responsibility and neglected fledglings were a recipe for disaster. This boy, however, with his almond eyes and his pretty lips, made something in Percy stir. It wasn't love or anything equally revolting. He was more like curiosity. What was it about this boy that made Percy's stomach coil? The grass surrounding them was soaked thick with blood and the boy's eyes had closed. Percy could see the last of his life leaving him as he made a split second decision. He licked his lips of the blood and squeezed his fingers into a fist, his claws digging into his palm and drawing blood. He held his hand above the boy's mouth and let the blood drip past his lips. He held it there until the boy drew his last breath and his fluttering heart stopped beating. As Percy stood he lifted the boy into his arms and cradled his small form against his chest. He was lighter than Percy had expected, smaller in more ways than just height. A small part of Percy wondered about his home life-he didn't seem to be well nourished, which surprised Percy since his blood had tasted so good. He disregarded that part of him as he took off running. The boy's past no longer mattered. Percy steeled himself as he stepped past the gates of the graveyard, hissing softly to himself at the slight tingled burning of his skin from being on holy land. Another part of creating life that turned Percy away from it. Whoever this boy was, he had better be worth it. Percy walked towards an empty grave, obviously left there for a funeral the next day. He knelt down beside the hole and let the boy slide from his arms and into the grave with a sickening thud. He smirked a little in satisfaction at the sound. He may be trying to save this child, but he still loved the sound of a dead body hitting the ground. He filled the grave with the pile of soil to the right of the hole until it was filled to the top. He wiped his filthy hands on his jeans and slipped from the graveyard, heading back into town. His head was clearer now that he wasn't on the holy grounds and he allowed himself to seek out fresh blood. He wasn't going to be picky this time, especially considering it wasn't for him. He grabbed the first person he saw, a middle-aged woman out walking her dog as the light of the sun poked out over the horizon. She was susceptible enough to the hypnotism that Percy barely had to do anything. She just followed behind him as he lead her back to the graveyard, leaving her dog behind to coward at the scent of the Vampire. The air was thick with the smell of dirt and he felt surrounded, caged in like the cloak of darkness had physically wrapped itself around him. He found it hard to breath, though it seemed he didn't quite need to. The darkness choked down on him as he tried to move. It was like swimming through tar. He choked and gagged on the stuff. The taste of blood and soil thick in his mouth. His stomach felt like a bottomless pit, empty and angry and screaming for more. The small coppery taste of blood on his tongue made his head fuzzy with want. He could barely think of anything but that taste. He wanted more. A