A/N: Hey everyone! Happy Holidays to you all! I figured in the season of giving I'd deliver the first promised Chapter of My Life at College Part 2. It's a prologue in Jasper's POV. The future chapters are planned to be in Bella and Edward's POV's but I really wanted to get Jasper's POV out there without all the relay of conversations. So here it is and it's a long one. I hope you enjoy it. Also, my Italian is not up to par so if I butchered it please don't hurt me. *Important- If you haven't read My Life at College you should before you start reading MLaC Part 2. I don't own character names. Prologue Jasper POV The pain was unbearable. I have had bones broken before and those were a cakewalk compared to this. My dislocated shoulder was like a paper cut to the agony of breathing with a broken rib. The thought of taking the pain killer the doctor prescribed me has crossed my mind on several occasions. The most recent being when I had attempted to get off the couch to take a leak. The pain was almost blinding and caused me to throw up the contents of my lunch on the living room rug which sent the pain soaring into an entirely new level of pain. I laid on the floor inches away from where I lost my lunch. My vision blurred and I heard mumbling going on around me just before my world went black. "Don't give me excuses Edward I want the truth," I heard Carlisle demand through what sounded like a tunnel. It was odd hearing him talk that way. He was normally so passive. "I talked to Dr. Richter today and the stories don't match up." I heard a sigh, "We didn't want to worry mom," Edward said, "You know how she would freak if she heard that he was jumped in New York." "You seem to think your mother is a child," Carlisle said, "and on this occasion it would have been better to stick with the truth." "You're right," Edward's tone turned sarcastic. "It's far better to let her freak out forbid Jasper to go anywhere and call the NYPD to demand a search for two men out of 8 million. You're right, what was I thinking?" "Don't take that tone with me," Carlisle said in a low tone which was far worse than any reprimand. "I do hear your point. She has just started to let go and give him his space but I don't like the lies. You are putting me in a position I don't like." "I know but think of the good you'll be doing for Jasper," Edward said. "He did something on a whim for the girl he loves and it ended badly. You saw her when she found out that he went to New York." "She does have a hard time letting go," Carlisle mused. I heard a shift in their position and I just now realized that I was not on the floor any more. The surface was much too soft and I think my head was on a pillow. Where was I? "How long has he been out?" Edward asked. "About two hours," Carlisle sighed, "Best I can figure is that he tried to get up and his pain was too much for him. He still refuses any pain killer and thinks that alcohol is enough to get him through." "When was his last drink?" Edward asked. "Don't know," Carlisle said, "and until enough time has passed I can't give him anything." I felt my stomach jolt at his words. He would actually go against my wishes. He, of all people, should understand why I refuse them. He was there and had seen it first hand. "He will be pissed if you do," Edward said. I smiled inwardly. Edward always has had my back. "You, of all people, know how much this hurts Edward," Carlisle said, "and even the shoulder sends shooting pain down his body. I'm amazed at his stamina. I just wish he'd let us help him. He's not showing weakness no matter what he may think." I felt the surface I was laying on dip as a body sat down near my feet. He may not think I'm weak but I will. Besides, the pain is… manageable… now. It just takes time. "How's Alice doing?" Carlisle asked. Alice? What about her? "She's fine," Edward said, "Bella is sitting with her." "That poor girl," Carlisle said. Poor girl. What was he talking about? "She really has been through a lot with him lately," he mused, "First the jumping in New York and then seeing him like that on the floor. She thought he had died," he sighed. Oh if he only knew what we had been through… -Flashback- I sat on the private jet the Benitucci's chartered as it was on its last leg of the flight. Alice was curled to my side huddled into a little ball as she clutched at my hands. She was nervous and was fighting hard against it. From the very beginning of the flight the tension was running high. Felix was in an uproar about his hand and was taken into the back of the plane with someone. From what I could guess is that they were trying to fix his hand. Demetri sat coolly in the opposite leather padded chair that faced in our direction. Musing about how big of a baby he was to the rest of his men. Dominic, Greg, and Tony grimaced but chuckled lightly at his musing nonetheless. I got the feeling they didn't approve but they would not question Demetri in any case. …Interesting… Alice wasn't lying when she said he had power. This might not be as bad as I thought it could be. The tiny blond off to my left, whom I later found out to be Jane, was unsettling. I don't know which is creepier. Having one of Demetri's men playing with their brass knuckles while looking at me with a longing look like it would do them great pleasure to beat me to a bloody pulp. Or, having this little petite girl sitting in her pinstriped business suit and her big dark eyes starring at me with pursed lips completely unmoving. By the journeys end I was damn near asking for the beating if it meant she would not look at me anymore. It was pure torture. What was going on in her mind? And how did she play into all this? As we landed she actually turned her head away and I felt my entire body relax. Damn I was tired. I shifted in my seat and Alice moved to give me some space but still held onto me. She looked out the window and looked as if she were steeling herself. I didn't know if this was a natural reaction whenever she came back to the city or if it was because of the company we were with. I squeezed her hand once to try to calm her nerves and she smiled weakly at the gesture. "Hey, Alice," Tony said grinned, "Welcome home." His eyes shifted and I could tell by his tone that there was deeper meaning to it than just a friendly welcoming. Instinctively my body tensed and I fought the urge to tear across the cabin and beat the living shit out of him. Alice quickly turned her head away and gazed more intently out the window. I looked from her to Tony and then met the eyes of Demetri. The asshole was smirking. Demetri manipulated his situation with Alice during the time they were 'together'. His used her drug addiction to get whatever kind of pleasure he wanted out of her and made her parade around the families home in as little as a thong, bra and see-through robe for the viewing pleasure of all the males in the household. It was heard for me to believe that my Alice could have been in such a situation. She had so much spunk and was so lively and at times seemed like see should have been the captain of the cheerleading squad. When she told me that she had done drugs I thought I was equipped to deal with it and understand, but as she got into more detail and the connection to the mafia was known, I was torn. I knew that I had strong feelings for her and to see her in such a light was heartbreaking. She told me that after her OD Demetri had taken pity and helped her leave. I hated to admit it but I was indebted to Demetri for saving her back then. She had always thought that he was behind her OD and now it seemed that he was the one that saved her. He must have loved her even though he treated her the way he did. At times during the flight I would see his jaw tighten from time to time as he watched Alice hold on to me tightly. Yep, I'm sure there were some real feelings there and that is why he saved her. I only hope he can save us now. We were met by two black sedans and were taken straight from the runway to the Benitucci place of residence. It felt like I had walking into 'The Godfather' or some other mob movie. Everything that was depicted in the movies seemed to be here. The elegant furniture and walls complete with its multitude of mirrors that were placed strategically around the rooms so no one could pull a gun on you from behind without you knowing about it. We were led into a den that had oak walls and furnishings and behind the big desk was a man with dark shoulder length hair and a body build that was slightly stouter than Demetri's holding a cigar. He was flanked by two others who had the same build as Felix. "My dear Alice, how nice of you to come for a visit," he chimed through his thick Italian accent as he stood up holding his hand out over his desk. Alice looked up at me and I saw a dead look wash over her eyes before she let my hand go and went to him. I jerked forward to catch her but was caught by a forceful hand that gripped my arm. I looked quickly to the source and saw that it was Tony. I tried to shrug him off but his grip only tightened further. I looked back over to see Alice take the mans hand and kiss it almost reverently. My stomach churned, but then she lifted her head and started to walk away but before her hand escaped his it clamped down on hers holding her to him. She quickly looked up at him and he looked at her penetratingly, "It is nice to have you back," he grinned and then let her go. Her step faltered slightly as she made her way back to me. I felt my body relax when I knew that she was back beside me and her fingers touched mine. "This must be Jasper," the man said gesturing to me, "I'm Aro…" He went on to say that he wanted me to manipulate files, transfer money and deal with what he called a 'delicate matter'. As he spoke you would think that he was my best friend and that I had come to him not by gun point but out of the goodness of my heart. He then told me that he wanted to test my abilities and ushered me to a room with a laptop. He had me sit and told me that I needed to crack through the security of a company within an allotted timeframe. I felt like I had just swallowed an ice cube and the chill of it spread through