Twilight Fan fiction Transitionals Disclaimer: I do not, nor will I ever own Twilight. Summary: Isabella Swan average teenager, I think not. Tragedy has ripped Bella from the life she knows, and now she is forced to move in with her dad. It's bad enough that she has to leave everything she knows, she now has responsibilities that may just be too overwhelming for this seventeen year old. To make it worse she has caught the attention of every one of the members of the Cullen family, people she immediately recognizes as vampires. Will she let them into her life? Will she even have a choice? Normal pairings. This is my first fanfiction, I really hope you like it. I plan to upload the first five chapters of this story, so you all can have a good size, 'teaser' so you can get a better feel for the story and how it is going to go. After each chapter I am going to have another author's note, that will have some of my interesting thoughts, and some questions. So don't forget to take a look at the end note after each chapter; I would really like to hear your thoughts about some things in the story. So without further ado, here is the first chapter in Transitionals. Chapter 1 I sat silently, facing Carlos' desk; just staring at the stack of folders on his desk. Each folder held the last will and testament of one of my family members. I knew I was causing myself unnecessary pain by counting each folder; counting how many people I had lost. Anna shifted on the floor beside my feet. The poor little thing hadn't said a word since that violent night. I ran my hand through her gorgeous curls. Her thick mahogany hair looked so much like her dad's. Pain literally ripped through my chest thinking about my older cousin Toby. His two little girls, Anna and Cissy were all I had left of my mom's side of the family, and of course only my dad was left on his side. Thanks to me, there was just the four of us left. If that wasn't enough to tear a girl apart, I don't know what would be. Just the thought of the family I lost threatens to shred the remainder of my heart; and if I'm being honest, there's not much left. Everyone I lost took a part of my heart with them. Toby took the largest part with him though, with the part my mom took with her just hardly smaller. I was pulled from my thoughts when Cissy woke up. She cried loudly; she didn't like staying in her car seat all the time. I took her in my arms and gently bounced her, trying my best to soothe her. I felt so self conscious taking care of the two month old. Sure I could care for my scattered brain mother but, there was always the possibility that she could take care of herself to a point if I wasn't around. This little one in my arms couldn't. The door to the office opened and Carlos walked in holding a thin stack of papers. He smiled kindly at me but his eyes held a measure of my pain. Carlos couldn't feel the same amount of sorrow as I was, since I lost family, flesh and blood, bit nonetheless everyone who I had lost had been his friend. "I've got the papers Charlie faxed over with his signatures. He has temporary custody of little Belle and Cissy, until you turn eighteen." Even his voice was filled with pain. I nodded, not trusting myself to speak. I knew even though Charlie would have custody over the girls, I would still be the one taking care of them. Carlos put the papers in the top folder, then started packing the folders away in a box. "These are your copies, I'll put them in the car once we finish this up." Little hands on my knees made me turn away from Carlos. I gave Anna my undivided attention. "What do you need Anna?" Anna pressed her cheek against my knee. She pierced me with a heartbreaking gaze, and I knew what she wanted. I sat the now calm Cissy back in her seat and lifted Anna onto my lap. She wrapped her littles arms around my neck and pressed her forehead against my cheek. She sighed in relief once her skin was against mine. I felt her powers and the energy that radiated off of them. The energy was welcomed, I was exhausted; but I could have done without her powers. Anna's strange powers unsettled me; whenever she touched my skin I couldn't get rid of her sixth sense. I would never tell Anna this though. Her powers were extremely well controlled thanks to the training her dad gave her; but she was still young. Her control over her powers made them strong, they definitely shouldn't be as strong as they are. I know this because of the amount of energy that radiates off of her powers. With her being so young and her powers that strong, it builds up way too much energy inside her; she was too little to store it all. And poor little Anna could only get rid of the extra energy by touching someone else's skin, giving it to them. Carlos brought me back from my thoughts. "Bella, I have all the stuff you need to take over Toby's job." I grimaced through the pain in my chest. Toby had taken a business class in his sophomore year of high school; the following year he had his very own business. By his senior year he had made his first million. He now had three companies, and I was now supposed to run them. I halfheartedly listened as Carlos explained everything. I already knew everything I was supposed to know, Toby had already trained me, telling me that one day I would take over for him; I just didn't know it would be so soon. Carlos packed up his briefcase and stood from his seat. "Alright, that's everything we needed to take care of here. Now it's time for me to take the three of you to Forks." I closed my eyes and kissed the top of Anna's head. It was an understatement to say I was dreading moving to Forks. I was used to the sun, and the heat, and my mom. I wasn't looking forward to the rain or the cold. At least I was somewhat prepared to live with Charlie, my dad. We pulled in front of Charlie's house. Carlos' rental car that he would use to get back to the airport was sitting beside Charlie's cruiser. Charlie was the chief of police for the town of Forks. It was one of the things that I loved about my dad. I knew that I would feel safe in my house. Secretly though I knew it wasn't just his police training that made me feel safe. Anna Cissy and I would be perfectly safe in Charlie's house. No, this wasn't just Charlie's house anymore; it was all of ours. The front door opened and Charlie walked towards us. I opened the door and the instant I was out of the car he wrapped me in his tight embrace. "I love you," he whispered in my ear. It's amazing how those three words released the flood of tears I had been trying to keep back throughout the entire trip from Phoenix to Forks. Charlie led me into the house and sat down with me on the couch. He murmured words of comfort, surprising me, Charlie and I both struggled with expressing our emotions out loud. I was surprised at how well he was handling my breakdown. By the time I had gotten a hold of myself Anna had joined me on my lap and Carlos had set Cissy's car seat on the coffee table. He had even unloaded the car for us. He had the custody papers for the girls sitting beside Cissy. "There's everything you'll need Charlie." He spared Charlie a glance before turning to me. "If you ever need someone to talk to, you can call me. You know very well you can call me day or night, any hour of the day." I gave him a small smile and nodded once. One final tear rolled down my cheek. I watched Carlos say good bye to the girls. I knew if Anna would speak she'd be saying goodbye to her uncle Carlos. Carlos of course wasn't her real uncle; he was merely one of Toby's best friends. Anna had grown up calling him Uncle Carlos. He may not be related but he would always be her uncle. Anna had learned to call her parents' friends uncle or aunt by her mom. It was how Tessa grew up, she passed that on to her daughter. After hearing what Tessa had taught Anna, Toby had taught her to call me Auntie Bella. I'm an only child, despite that I always considered Toby to be my older brother; and I was always his baby sister. I'm worried about how I will react to Anna whenever she starts talking again. If I'm being honest with myself, I'm actually scared to hear her call me Auntie Bella again. I'm afraid that reminder will be too much for me. "Would you like to go see what I did with your room?" Charlie asked gruffly. I'm almost positive I heard worry shake his voice slightly. I nodded and followed him upstairs. He led the way to my old bedroom. His house only has two bedrooms so my room is now Anna's Cissy's and mine. The room was surprisingly different. It was far more crowded; what with Cissy's crib and changing table in the room. Besides that there was a full sized bed - that Anna and I will be sharing - a dresser, and my rocking chair. The room was extremely crowded. "There's not much room," Charlie mumbled. I gave him a gentle smile. "It's okay dad, it won't be a problem." "Well I'll let you unpack." Charlie backed out of the room and headed downstairs, no doubt to watch some sort of game on the tv. One thing that I love about Charlie is that he doesn't hover. I quickly unpacked my bag, hanging a few things, while the rest of my stuff fit in two of the dresser drawers easily. I then got started on Anna's and Cissy's clothes. Our lack of winter clothes made it where all three of our stuff could be put away. I sighed, I am going to have to go shopping so all three of us have enough clothes. I am not looking forward to that. With nothing else to do in my room I went downstairs to make dinner; only to find that Charlie has practically nothing in way of food. Charlie walked in from the living room. "I didn't know if you would feel like cooking tonight. I figured we could just order a pizza." I nodded. "That sounds like a good idea." Charlie glanced towards the living room before turning back to me. "What will little Belle eat?" "Cheese." He grabbed the phone and called the pizza place. Dinner was a silent and uneventful meal. I cut Anna's pizza into bite size pieces for her then ate my own. Afterwards Anna had a bath and we went to bed. I wasn't planning on sleeping much tonight; Cissy doesn't sleep through the night and since the incident neither does Anna. Just like every night since I started caring for the girls, I sang Anna to sleep. I silently hoped that she wouldn't have any nightmares tonight. My first night in Forks was exactly as I had expected. Cissy woke in the early morning and just as I was falling back to sleep after getting her back