It's not mine, and never was. Enjoy! The six dice clattered onto the stones across the courtyard and the two hobbits bent to look at them. Strange, how these Halflings could sit laughing and play a meaningless game without worry when they would be leaving safety and wandering in danger for who knows how long. Boromir of Gondor sat watching the two play. Lord Elrond had decided that the Fellowship needed "bonding time" before setting off on the quest. None of his companions seemed to really take it seriously, instead talking to the people they already knew. Unfortunately, Boromir knew none of his companions. The two young hobbits, what were there names again? Merry and Piper? They were playing some game Boromir had never seen before. Probably the rest of the world had never seen it before either. "No, you only get eight!" protested the younger one. "What are you talking about?" Merry replied. "It's twelve, you know." "But it's a black four." "But it's a red three." "Ten?" "Okay, ten." Boromir shrugged. He doubted he'd ever understand the game. Already there were groups in the Fellowship and they hadn't even started yet. The other Man and the Elf were conferring quietly. Merry and Piper were playing. Sam and the Dwarf (Gimli, was it?) watched them, grinning. Gandalf the Grey sat frowning. Boromir got the impression that the Maia's thoughts were elsewhere. Boromir glanced around. Frodo was nowhere to be seen. His thoughts were interrupted by a gasp from the Elf, who suddenly didn't look as dignified as one expected Elves to be. "You wouldn't!" Aragorn grinned. That was another mystery. Who was this Aragorn son of Arathorn anyway? Was he really the Heir of Isildur? And if he was... would Boromir be able to accept being second best? He was pulled away from his troubling thoughts when Legolas launched himself at the no longer grinning Ranger. Sam gasped. Piper stared. Gimli chuckled. And Merry rolled his eyes because they interrupted the game. Soon, however, even Merry was watching in amazement. Boromir had never seen such a wrestling match. Over and over the two rolled, almost faster than he could see. "Come on, Strider!" Merry called, caught up in the contest. "It's no use," Sam told him. "Mr. Legolas will win. He's an Elf." "I don't know about that, lad. Elves aren't as perfect as you think," Gimli said, intent on the battle. Suddenly there was a flash of steel and Legolas was on top, holding one of his long Elvish knives to Aragorn's throat. The Halflings froze. "Told you so..." said Sam quietly. "Not so fast," Aragorn called. Before Boromir could quite see what happened, Legolas had dropped the knife and was...giggling. "No...fair," Legolas gasped between chuckles. "Tickling's...cheating." "You started it," Aragorn accused. The Ranger was now on top, mercilessly tickling the giggling elf. "If you tell them, I personally will see that the twins know about a certain she-elf..." Legolas said quietly. "You wouldn't!" The Elf just grinned. "Okay," Aragorn agreed quickly. "I don't tell the Fellowship, you don't tell the twins." "Done." "Really, you two." Apparently Gandalf hadn't been as far away as Boromir supposed. "Why, Mithrander, you ought to be proud of us," Legolas said in the most innocent tone. "We settled it ourselves, didn't we? You didn't even have to dump water on us this time." " This time," Gandalf said sternly. A second later all three were laughing. The Big Folk were strange, Pippin thought. One moment they seemed like worst enemies, the next, the best of friends. Then something occurred to him. He played the scene back over in his head. " I don't tell the Fellowship, you don't tell..." Tell us what? Pippin wondered. "What won't you tell us, Strider?" Legolas put a warning hand on the Ranger's arm. "Well, I can't tell you, can I?" Strider replied. "I won't tell Legolas," Pippin promised quickly. Strider and Legolas looked at each other. Legolas raised one eyebrow. "What is it, Gandalf?" Pippin asked eagerly. "Well..." "Mithrander!" Legolas protested. "I'm afraid you'll have to get it from Legolas, Pippin." "Please, Mister Legolas?" Pippin asked with his trademark puppy dog eyes. Legolas smiled and shook his head emphatically. Big Folk were strange, indeed. Gimli simmered inside. He had to spend who knows how long with that dratted Elf! He almost regretted offering Frodo his axe, except that it was better to put up with the Elf than let the Dwarves go unrepresented in this important mission. The Ranger he could get along with, even if he stank of elves. The Halflings, or Hobbits, were quite fun to hang out with, but he knew better than to join their games. No, it was Boromir Gimli expected to be closest to. The Man of Gondor seemed a lot like the Dwarf: Stubborn, brave and loyal to his people. Even if the Hobbits didn't know the danger and Aragorn, Gandalf and the Elf were too brave or stupid to worry, Gimli was. This was a fool's errand, trusting a Hobbit with the most dangerous object in Middle Earth. As if his thought had summoned the Ringbearer, Frodo entered the small courtyard. "Mr. Frodo!" Sam leapt up. "Where were you?" "Just visiting with old Bilbo," Frodo replied. He looked strangely unnerved, fidgeting with something around his neck. The Ring, Gimli realized. Hmmf. Who knew? The Hobbit was strong. Maybe there was hope after all. Legolas really, really hoped that Aragorn wouldn't blurt out his secret. It wasn't really the Halflings he was worried about, although it would be awkward if they knew. It was the Dwarf he was worried about. Obviously, the Dwarf already didn't like him. That was okay. Legolas didn't care for Dwarves. But he really, really did not want to see Gimli son of Gloin's reaction when he realized that it had been Legolas' father who imprisoned Gloin those many years ago. Legolas remembered it, of course. How could he not? He had been at the feast the Dwarves had so rudely interrupted, but even he, who did not like Dwarves, thought Thranduil had acted unreasonably. After all, they had not meant any harm. At least, no harm to the Elves. But Legolas would rather face a hundred orcs with a hairbrush than admit that to Gimli. Anyway, having Estel on the journey would probably cancel out the grief the dwarf would give him. "No!" The Halfling's shout jerked Legolas onto his feet, dagger in hand. Estel, next to him, had his sword unsheathed. "What's wrong, Merry?" the Ranger said tightly. "It adds up to thirty…" Merry said mournfully. Pippin looked closer at the six dice. "It does?" he said excitedly. "It does!" He stood up and did a little jig. Aragorn glanced at Legolas and shrugged. Sheathing their weapons, the two sat down. The Elf tried not to look at Gimli, who was chuckling at the Elf's panic. It was going to be a long trip. Frodo shook his head in amusement, looking at his two cousins' dice game. Once, a few years ago, they had attempted to teach it to Frodo, resulting in a severe headache and no more understanding than before. Pippin was doing some sort of 'I did it' dance, while Merry sat dejectedly on the cobblestone. One thing, Frodo thought, this trip was not going to be, with those two along, was boring. He reached for the Ring again. Often he found himself playing with it, without even realizing he was doing so. He grasped it tightly, remembering the scene only a few minutes before. His closest relative and the closest thing he had to a father had seemed terrible, like an orc almost, when he had seen the Ring. Frodo hoped that wouldn't happen to him. But he was terribly scared that it would… A new figure entered the circle. Frodo straightened up. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw his companions do the same. "Still separated, I see." Elrond's voice was disapproving. "You will need to work as one strong unit for this quest. If you still remain divided, the quest will fail." There was silence in the courtyard. Frodo reached for the Ring. "How about some icebreakers?" Elrond said smoothly. Frodo had never heard of icebreakers. Legolas and Aragorn, however, paled instantly. Gandalf, on the other hand, chuckled. "How about Truth or Dare?" the wizard suggested. Aragorn visibly shuddered. "Sounds good to me," Elrond said, seating himself gracefully on an empty stone bench. "Each person gets asked by the person before him. Shall I start?" Aragorn, who was sitting closest to Elrond, tried to edge away. "Not so fast, Estel. Truth or dare?" He really had to do this to me, didn't he? The last time we had played this game ended with Elladan the color of a tomato from blushing so much, Elrohir's hair purple, and Legolas and I…maybe I won't go into that? Just trust me, it was bad. I have never loved the clear sound of a hobbit's voice as much as when Merry said, "Excuse me, Lord Elrond, but I don't know how to play." Elrond quickly explained the rules. Too quickly… "Now let's have an example. Truth or dare, Estel?" If I chose truth, he would probably ask me about the last time we had played, just to embarrass me. "Dare ," Legolas whispered from next to me. He probably also didn't want the story to come out. On the other hand, if I chose dare, who knew what Elrond would come up with? Probably he was too dignified to reuse last games' one, but he had a pretty devious mind…who knew what I could end up doing? " Dare !" Legolas whispered again. He didn't care what I had to do, as long as the story didn't come out. "Estel?" "Dare," I said. "I dare you to recite Bilbo's poem about you while hanging from a tree by your ankles." Ouch. The sad part was that, of course, I knew the poem by heart and Elrond knew it. I swung myself onto the nearest tree. This was a sight to see. The Heir of Isildur, future (hopefully) king of Gondor, hanging upside-down from a tree, reciting a poem of his own praises. Frodo, Gandalf thought, was the only of the hobbits who understood the rhyme, or at least guessed at its meaning. Boromir, on the other hand, listened carefully and sighed. It was highly amusing. "And crownless again shall be king," Aragorn finished grimly, swinging down and turning to Legolas, who closed his eyes in despair. "Truth or dare?" Legolas paused. Gandalf could practically hear the gears turning in his head. "Truth," he said finally. Now it was Aragorn's turn to sit and think. "What are you waiting for?" Peregrin asked. "I want to ask something suitably embarrassing," the Ranger replied. "So ask him what the most embarrassing thing that ever happened to him was," Gandalf suggested, hiding a smirk. Legolas gave the wizard a very dirty look. "I would," Aragorn replied, causing Legolas to look at him in fear, "But I'm afraid his answer will involve me." Aragorn thought for a bit longer. "I've got it!" he said finally, turning to the Elf with a grin. Legolas edged back a bit. "What is your biggest fear?" Legolas growled. "I am going to get you for that one, Estel." "Just answer the question." Legolas sighed. "Caves," he said reluctantly. Gimli snorted. Legolas gave him that patent 'shut up or die' look that he had given Gandalf only a moment ago. "When I was an elfling, I went exploring in the forest with my friends and we found a cave. I went in and there was a cave-in. I was trapped for almost three days." Legolas leveled a stare at the no longer chuckling Dwarf. Then he turned to his right. "Truth or dare, Mithrandir?" Merry had to admit that although this game wasn't quite as fun as Six Silly Dice,