It is well after dusk when I start slowly up the dirt path through the Seam to the home I share with my sister, Prim, and our mother. The signs of nature all point to late summer, beginning to give way to autumn as the surrounding trees are showing the early stages of changing colors. It won't be long before winter would make its way to the Seam, making an already difficult existence even more challenging. There is never enough food to go around in the best of times and the winter snows force most of the game into hiding. I make a mental note to start curing some of the meat when Gale and I have a surplus in preparation. All of the seasonal changes, while unwelcome, are to be expected. What is surprising is that the weather has not dipped into freezing temperatures at night yet. There is a steady stream of smoke rising from the chimney of our house. I have a strict rule on wasting resources on a fire in the summer. We make a cooked meal only twice a week and make do with leftovers and items I gather in the woods for the rest of the week. The house is stifling in the heat and the fire only makes it more unbearable. Besides, chopping wood is one of my least favorite chores and I can't count on my mother or Prim to take over the burden. We are poor, but we have plenty of old blankets to keep away a summer chill without lighting a fire. Walking up the dilapidated porch, I can feel the sweltering heat that the fireplace was throwing off already. A deep scowl has already formed between my brows. Without preamble, I waltz in the front door. "Prim, we just cooked yesterday. What's going on?" Curled up on our ratty old couch is the shaking form of my mother, beneath a mountain of blankets and my sweet sister kneeling next to her, dipping a washcloth into a basin and patting it on my mother's brow. Prim looks up at me with a mixture of concern and hopefulness. "I'm sorry about the fireplace, Katniss. I need to break her fever." My chest tightens and I let my game bag drop noisily to the ground with a heavy thump. "What's wrong?" I ask cautiously. Prim bites on her bottom lip thoughtfully, returning her gaze back to our mother and begins wiping her pale brow again. "She's got a fever that I'm trying to sweat out. I'd try an ice bath, but we don't have any ice this time of year. Her lungs sound like they're filled with mucus. Hear that rattle in her chest?" My stomach begins to turn instantly at the thought of mucus. I can skin a rabbit without a second thought to blood but the first sign of human body fluids sends me running to the woods without hesitation. Over the steady crackle and occasional pop of the fire, I can hear the slow, ragged breaths my mother is taking and I know that this is serious. I let out a hard breath through my nose and my gray eyes meet Prim's brilliant blue ones. I find myself looking to my little sister for reassurance that she can fix this, that she can heal our mother and everything will be fine. I am in deep over my head and don't know how to begin to make this right. Even when my mother was catatonic following my father's death to a mine explosion, I was able to hold the house together. We almost starved to death but I was eventually able to scrape enough together to keep us fed and the pension from my father's job as a miner kept a roof over our heads. I wasn't able to prevent my mother from staring endlessly at the walls for hours, drowning in her grief, but I was able to coax her into eating enough to keep her alive. We have a strained relationship, but she's still my mother and I do care about her, even when she wasn't doing her best to care for me and Prim. I see nothing but worry reflecting back at me in Prim's eyes and my stomach drops. That quiet interaction between the two of us is enough to let me know this is beyond her ability to fix. I turn my gaze to my mother, who has feebly opened her eyes and are staring dimly back at me. "Why didn't you say anything?" I all but screech, unable to keep the desperation from creeping into my tone. My mother has been a healer her whole life. She should have known if she was getting sick. She should have tried to make herself better before it got to this point. My mother is barely able to lift her head from the bed in protest and I know fighting with her is a lost cause. She should have said something sooner, simple as that. In Prim's able hands, she could have made a full recovery. As mad as I am at my mother for not speaking up about her illness, I am even more terrified at the prospect of having to nurse her back to health. My mother has the talent and patience for healing. The only thing I'm remotely good at is killing things, which hardly seems like a worthwhile skill in this situation. I close my eyes and take a few cleansing breaths. I know my outburst has scared Prim and none of this is her fault. I slowly count back from ten in my head and snap into action. I stride across the creaking floorboards of our small, government-issued home and kneel down next to Prim. I keep my eyes stubbornly away from my mother's withering form and instead focus on Prim. Trying to keep my voice steady and full of confidence, I ask, "How can I help? Is there anything you need me to go get? Any tea I can make that will help?" Prim just shakes her head slowly and I can see her steel herself before looking back at me. I've tried so hard to keep her from the evil in this world. I've tried so hard to provide for her and let her be a little kid, like she deserves. It almost kills me, in that moment, when I realize she's trying to be brave for me. "I've been giving her some mint tea with chamomile to help her relax. I'm hoping the mint will make her breathing a little easier and the warmth and steam will help open her airway. I mixed together a paste to put on her chest a few hours ago, but it doesn't seem to have done much good. I need to get this fever under control," Prim replies with a frown on her face, as if she could will the fever away with pure determination. If anyone could, it would be Prim. Standing slowly, my eyes immediately begin scanning our small home, as if it holds some answer and I only have to look hard enough to find it. My eyes fall on yesterday's pot of stew. "Well, the fire is already going. I might as well warm it up for dinner," I say with a small smile. I'm just thankful to find a task that I can manage to help out. Cooking dinner makes me feel more in my element. Herbs, vegetables, greens, and meat are predictable to me. I can never manage to make it taste as quite as good as Hazelle Hawthorne, my best friend Gale's mom, but it's always edible. Healing a patient is not something I can predict or understand. I set about getting dinner ready while Prim diligently sits next to my mother, caring for her needs. I'm slightly impressed but mostly annoyed with the fire Prim has managed to build. Not only is it sweltering inside the small room but starting the fire is something normally left to my mother or myself. I'd never forgive myself if Prim burnt herself doing a task that I should have been doing. She's thirteen now and been through two reapings. I know, rationally, it shouldn't bother me that she's growing up and taking on more responsibility, but I've always wanted more for her. We both escaped the colorful clutches of Effie Trinket's fingers just a few weeks ago, and at seventeen, I only have one reaping left. I should be thankful, but it only makes me more nervous. Prim still has five to face and I can't bear the thought that I wouldn't be able to volunteer for her if the odds were not in her favor. The best I can do is keep her from taking out tesserae and hope against hope. We're from the Seam, so the odds are rarely in our favor. I carefully dish out what is remaining of the stew. I give our mother a significantly smaller share. With how ill she is, I doubt she will be able to eat much and I've never been able to stomach wasting food. Bringing it over carefully, I sit down next to Prim, who looks ready to keep constant vigil over our mother all night. I know begging her to abandon her post will do me no good and some small part of me hopes that her diligence will pay off. We eat silently. I can feel the pit of guilt in my stomach beginning to deepen, that I can't offer Prim any comfort or reassurance. I've never been good with words and I'm too angry at my mother to feel compassionate. It is fairly late before I am able to convince Prim that she needs to go to bed. We both have school tomorrow and we'll need to be up fairly early to tend to our mother before leaving for the day. Exhausted, Prim is able to fall asleep fairly quickly, but I find myself miles away. I am unable to stop my mind from going to the dark place that I immediately went after the mining explosion killed our father. I'm better able to provide for my family this time around but I don't know how tenderhearted Prim will stand losing another parent. My mother has no option but to get better. I have less faith that my mother has the will herself to get better. I'm haunted by the dead stare she gave me from the couch before we went to bed. She's always been so fragile and it looks like she had already given up. I hoped I'd never see that faraway look on her face again, but tonight I can't seem to get it out of my head. And I hate her for it. Sleeping on top of the sheets in little more than my underwear and a camisole did little to provide relief from the heat trapped in the house. If only I could get it that warm during the bitter winter months. I wake up before the sun, drenched in sweat, to an empty bed. Prim has already gotten up and I can hear her moving about in the living room, where our mother lies. For a brief moment, I feel utter terror at what I'll find in the living room. I have no skills as a healer and we have no money for a doctor. She simply must be better this morning. Except she's not. If anything she's much, much worse. What little color her delicate Merchant skin has managed to pick up this summer is replaced with a sallow pallor. Her eyes are trained on the ceiling and her eyelids are flickering wildly. Her mouth moves soundlessly, speaking without words to things only she can see. Her lips are dry and cracked. I immediately fly to her side when I see Prim kneeling next to her, trying to coax her into swallowing some water unsuccessfully as is