This is a song from "Estopa" The name in Spanish is "Por la raja de tu falda" I love flamenco rumba although this is not one of my favorite ones. I was listening to it in the car and I could not help but imagine these two. Soon the story was armed in my mind. Hope you like it. Big, special thanks to my beta Tytania, for her patience and to work under pressure. This isn't my language, so trust me, she really works hard with me. :) The slit of your skirt I think today has all the possibilities of being a perfect day. The sky is blue and without clouds - the way I like it best. Everything went well from the moment I opened my eyes. My phone was ringing and when I answered, it was H. Abernathy. He said what we were waiting to hear, that we can play at his bar for the entire season. This ensures my income for four months, which gives me time to prepare my next painting exhibition without going hungry. As if this weren't enough good news, when I came out of my shower I got another call, this one was from "Hawthorne Auto Shop". "Hi Mr. Mellark, this is Madge Undersee, I've got news about your car" Finally! Fucking "Hawthorne Auto Shop" - took them a month to fix it my car. Actually, a month and 23 phone calls to finally get the thing ready. About a month ago I was just enjoying my orange Ford Escort. It's a bit old, I know, but it used to belong to my brother Rye. I love this car more than anything in the world because it was his. Rye died two years ago in a fire at the bakery and this thing is kind of a living memory for me. I'm riding it through town, trying to look for a place where I can exhibit my paintings. I'm stopped at a red light and I look around. To my left, I spot a delicate female figure who catches my attention. My eyes were glued to her for some reason. She is thin, small waisted, wearing a long braid that hangs over her shoulder. She's all soft curves and incredible calves framed by a black tight skirt that ends just above her knee. She must feel my gaze because she turns her face directly toward me. Wow! She is really attractive. She has gray, intense, penetrating eyes, I find myself lost in the depths of her gaze, no matter the distance. She is sucking a lollipop and I can not look away from her heart-shaped, full lips, grey eyes staring at me with that look of steel. There is a shrill sound that shakes me from my reverie. A claxon. Shit! The traffic light is green now, and I was entranced watching this girl. I begin to move at the same time she turns around and I use the mirror to keep looking at her and fail to see that the black skirt in the back has a prominent opening, practically reaches her ass. And it appears to be a perfect ass. She starts walking and I am mesmerized by the part of her tanned and toned legs that poke through the skirt every time she takes a step and by the gentle sway of her hips BAM! "W. .. what?" "Fuck!" I've hit a car. Needless to say my car had to go to the garage. And I have not stopped thinking about that girl. I've drawn her, I dreamed of her, and during some of the one night stands that I had, I had to rely on the memory of the slit of her skirt, or her piercing gaze to reach my orgasm. That skirt is part of a work uniform, she was wearing also a white shirt with a logo that I did not pay attention to. I had seen that uniform somewhere and I was going crazy trying to remember where I saw it. Maybe that way I can go to that place and see that girl again, see if she is as stunningly beautiful as I remember. To bad I can't place where it belongs. But I will not think about that. Today is a good day. I made my favorite breakfast, bacon and eggs and orange juice. I leave my house. I get my car to the garage. Turns out that I owe less than I expected. This day just gets better and better. I get to the bar and the rest of the band is already there, waiting for me. Finnick, the vocalist and my best friend is a little nervous and wants to check all the details obsessively. The owner is annoying too and grumpy. So there is no time to lose, and we start with the sound check. I'm the guitarist. I learned how to play when I was a kid and have been practicing ever since. I'm really not that good but I'm ok and this band is more about friendship than anything. The people have been waiting for an hour now and they are not happy. We started to play and the waitress begins to bring us shot after shot. I'm already a little dizzy. I don't know if I'm dreaming, or really drunk but after an hour and several shots something gets my attention in the audience. Near the bar, her back to me, is a silhouette that looks familiar, the difference is that this time instead of a braid, her long hair cascades down her back. But what really catches my attention is a slit, so pronounced…a tight black skirt that covers a perfect body like a second skin. She flips and has a drink in her hand instead of a lollipop, but it's her. I fail to see the color of her eyes from my place on the stage, but it's her . And she is also looking directly at me. My heart stops beating for a few seconds, I'm sure. My eyes are clouded. but I'm not hallucinating - she is real. I try to finish my song as fast as I can without realizing that my mates have no knowledge of my intentions and everything ends in a disaster. I'm the guitarist but the drummer, bassist and singer should be aware of the end of the song. Instead my anxiety keeps me from thinking clearly, along with my drunkenness and possibly the joint of weed I smoke before I start playing. The point is that the two strings of my guitar break. The girl looks at me quizzically and I feel in my chest a desperation that I have never felt. I have the intention of getting off the stage and running after her but my colleagues come to ask what happened and I lose sight of her. She is leaving. There is no trace of her at the bar. Not on the street. Damn. I lost her again. One more week has passed and I have not seen the girl with gray eyes. They were gray right? I'm not sure if I have seen the color of her eyes or if I dreamed. She was gorgeous, definitely ... and sexy as hell. But maybe my mind play a trick on me. I've been looking forward to her return to the bar. Maybe tonight's the night. I know she is not a regular because I ask everyone if they've had seen her and they all say is they don't know who I am talking about. When I ask Mr. Abernathy he only stares at me without answering anything. Strange man, that one. Of course it is also hard for me to hope for her to return to hear a band whose guitarist is an ass who ruined his own guitar and the performance of the band itself. I'm running late for tonight play. Finnick has called nonstop. I'm turning left at the corner of the street when... BAM! "What the fuck!" A fucking old Seat Panda that seems is about to fall apart in a thousand pieces has hit me. I try to get out of the car but the door is jammed as my car hit part of the rear left side door. I have to climb out the passenger side. I'm breathing fire. My car will have to go back to the workshop. Good thing I'm not far from it. "I can not believe my luck" Finally, I'm out of the car. Trying to face the stupid driver who passed the red light. I kick the floor, pulling at my hair and take a deep breath. But I'm dead on my feet when I see a pair of gray eyes. A braid. And anger. It's her. I'm stunned - it's her! The crash, my car - I'm lost in my thinking when I feel that with both hands she gives me a hard shove in the chest. "What the hell is wrong with you?" "What? You hit me!" She looks confused and I just don't know what is going on anymore. My cell starts ringing crazy again. She is fuming. She must be crazy because she yells "I know! So what?" So what? "So what?" I repeat incredulous. I don't know how to answer that. So she goes on. "Are you hurt?" she asks "Um, no" "Ok. Me neither. Now we can focus on something else. Look at my car! My wonderful, precious car." Alright, now I know she is really nuts because that thing is hideous. And barely a car. "Looks more like a rocomobile to me" According to the look of her face I know I hit a nerve with this statement. It wasn't fair but, hell, this woman is acting like it's my fault, though nothing prepares me for the look of hurt in her eyes. I feel like shit. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have" but she raises a hand to silence me. The guilty vanishes and I'm pissed again. "Look, we have to fix this, I have something to do and I'm running late. " "Yeah, we all have things to do. Just give me a second" God, this girl is irritating. She takes her phone and starts dialing, and I hear her say "Gale… Me again. I'm sorry but I'm going to need you to come back to the garage…..Yeah I know….I said I was sorry!" More silence "I hit some prick's car" she says covering her mouth, whispering. But I hear her. Prick? "Look, I'm calling the insurance company" I tell her. Her eyes widen the size of giant marbles. It seems that fear overrides the anger. "Oh no, please. I don't think that's necessary. I'll fix this." "Um, I don't know. I think the right thing would be to call an authority" "My friend is the owner of Hawthorne Auto Shop. He will help us and he already knows your car right? I'll take care of everything I swear" I nod and wonder if I'll have in me to deny anything to this girl, especially when she looks at me like that. "How do you know he knows my car?" "Um, I work there?" She says pointing at her uniform. Opening her eyes and shaking her face, her body language screaming OBVIOUSLY at me. Of fucking course! That's where I saw the uniform. Mss. Undersee was always sitting on her desk but I do remember the shirt now with the freaking logo. I'm such an idiot! I guess I was always in too much of a hurry to notice. "How come I never saw you there?" I ask her still recovering from my own stupidity. She is frowning again. "Well I work in the morning. I guess hot shot band guitarists are used to sleep while the rest of us have to work" I don't tell her that I have what I call baker's hours and regardless