Thanks to titania522 and peetabreadgirl, my pair of wonderful betas for helping me make this readable. I stop at the kitchen door frame, taking a moment to capture the scene in front of me, my eyes trying to commit everything to memory. As an artist, the rain of colors, smells and textures is almost too much for me to handle and I almost walk back to the guest room to grab my sketch book and refrain from the momentary impulse to fly back home to print this on my canvas. I just hope I can remember the fruit spread all over the wood kitchen table but I doubt there's a way to capture the smell of cinnamon and something very sweet coming out of the clay pot at the fire. I don't think the scowling girl hovering there will allow me to take a picture right now because she looks really annoyed with her task. It seems that peeling that little orange fruit is anything but pleasurable for her. We are visiting Katniss' family in their home, in México, and she invited me to spend the holidays with them. I've never been here before and I was thrilled to be able to come and spend more time with my best friend, to know more about her and her town's traditions that she misses so much and won't shut up about. So our flight arrived yesterday and I was overwhelmed with the welcoming reception. Her uncle Haymitch and Katniss' little sister, Primrose, were at the airport in the city to pick us up. They hugged us, and her sister kissed our cheeks. e drove all the way back to her town where there was a full stock of tequila and mezcal on the table waiting for us along with mole y empanadas . I went to bed so late and in such a bad state that my baker hours were totally forgotten. "Oh, I see that our guest of honor has awoken. Good morning dear, please, join us. We need all the help we can get. Today is going to be a big, big day." Katniss raises her eyes and when she spots me her scowl turns into a soft shy smile. Katniss' aunt, Effie, kisses my cheek while she softly pushes me inside the kitchen. Katniss' uncle, Haymitch, was the one that took care of her and her little sister when their dad passed away in an accident a while ago. Katniss' mother, now cutting patterns in a sheet of paper with an empty look on her face, was never able to overcome the loss of her husband. Katniss went through the hardest times, having had to take care of her baby sister and her sick mother at the young age of eleven. That was until Prim got really sick one day and she had no one left to call but her uncle Haymitch. Katniss' mother was born in the United States and met Mr. Everdeen when she was vacationing on a Mexican beach with her friends. They fell in love fast and hard and when she returned to her home a year later, she was already married and with Katniss planted firmly in her belly. Her family didn't take it well, they were very traditional and uptight, so when Katniss' father died they weren't really in the picture. But as soon as Haymitch found out, he went immediately to them, and when he noticed the state in which they were living, he took them under his care right away. He was Mr. Everdeen's cousin. I had the "pleasure" to know him last year when he traveled to visit Katniss at her apartment near campus. She is such a smart girl that managed to win a full scholarship in the United States. She was just a freshman in the same College as I, and we happen to live in the same building, in the apartment across the hall. I'm about two years older than her but we hit it off right away. Attached to the hip. Best friends ever since, we spend all of our free time together. Yes. Trapped, deeply and tragically with no way out of the fucking friend zone. Anyway, during Haymitch's visit he fell in love with a "gringuita" as he calls his wife. La gringuita fell in love with México and its traditions. And me visiting is the perfect opportunity for her to host one of them. A Posada. Katniss explained to me that Posadas are a tradition, December marks the kick-off for them, they symbolize the nine days of festivities that lead up to Christmas. Traditionally they were religious events, first introduced by Spanish friars evangelizing to the indigenous people. The Posadas taught the story of Jesus birth, but today, Posadas have mostly become private parties that mix some religious elements with food and drinks "Come on dear, sit down. Katniss, show some manners and hand our guest a bit of the atole Sae and I prepared for him. Sae also did some chilaquiles for you. You will see Peeta, this will be the most delicious breakfast you ever had, sit, sit." Sae was Katniss and Primrose nanny, Haymitch hired her when he realized he wasn't capable of taking good care of two girls by himself and her sick mother. Sae became part of the family and now that the girls have grown up, she sticks around and helps with the kitchen and Katniss' mom's care. I did was I was told and sat down while Katniss stood up to put some sweet thick liquid into a saucepan, she is still on her pajamas, a small smile sticking to her lips "Morning" I tell her. "Morning, and careful with the atole , it's really hot," she says handing me a steaming saucepan with a hot, thick liquid in it. "Wow, this is delicious; I'm going to need recipes." "Oh, sorry my dear but you will have to cook with us if you want to know how to make real Mexican food. That's how I learned." Effie says to me. "I don't think Peeta has a problem with that, he's an amazing cook." Katniss complements, I'm not usually bad at taking complements but when they're coming from her mouth I can help but blush. My best friend Katniss has an effect in me that no one else has, and I haven't quite learn how to handle it. So, tI have my atole and two whole dishes of Sae's infamous chilaquiles , a plate with fried pieces of tortilla bathed in a hot sausage, a little cream, chicken meat and cheese in the top. Prim hands me a coffee in a clay pot called café de olla . It's strong with a cinnamon hint, I'm pretty sure I'll come back home with extra weight if I keep eating this way. I don't know how Katniss manages it because she sure eats like a starving Cossack. "Well Peeta, I'm so glad you can cook, maybe this year we can have real help in the kitchen for our traditional posada." Katniss, who is pealing that little orange fruit again and swearing every once in awhile, answers affronted "What did you mean with that real? I'm always trapped in this kitchen helping you with the damn posada." "Manners dear." "Kat, no offense, but you have been peeling those tejocotes for hours now. Is not a difficult task, even for you." Prim explains calmly. "Yes it is and my fingers hurt already! There is a reason why they're called stone fruit." She snaps childishly. Katniss hates the kitchen and everything that it involves, except eating of course. Boy, she does love food. It's hard to tell because she is so skinny and fit. "No it isn't. What happens is that you don't pay attention Katniss dear, I told you, you needed to boil them until they were soft, but you want to do everything fast. Cooking requires patience young lady…if you had waited until the tejocotes were well cooked you could have easily remove the skin." "So, what you're saying is that you two let me work here for hours when you could have just told me to boil the damned things?" she asks with that scowl I've learn to fear. "Well, that should teach you a lesson. You need to learn how to listen sweetheart." Effie says condescendingly and makes her way to the stove, huffing and shaking her head "I don't know why I keep bothering with this one." "I better go help Haymitch with the piñata ." She stands up abruptly and stamps her feet all the way out of the kitchen. I try to contain my chuckle. "The piñata ?" I take a sip of my coffee. "Yes," Primrose answers "It's that paper star shapely thing on the garage. This year Aunt Effie didn't wanted us to buy one so we did it ourselves. We use paper and glue and we were waiting for it to dry to paint it. It's in the shape of a star. Uncle Haymitch is giving the final touches before we paint it. I think Katniss will be here again soon." I pay no attention to the comment, instead I turn my head trying to place the celestial? smell invading the air. It's coming out of the clay pot on the stove. I realize it's cinnamon, sugarcane and jiggery. They are making a drink called ponche, Effie instructed me to add the tejocote Katniss was peeling, apple, guava, jamaica, tamarind and prune. We let it boil and despite my constant begging they say I can't taste it until the party, Sae even swats my hand away. As if it were a prophecy Katniss stomps back in after about fifteen minutes "That damned old man won't let me help with the piñata , he says I will ruin it!" Haymitch enters the kitchen rolling his eyes behind Katniss back "I'm sorry sweetheart but crafts are not your forte, I have spent many hours of my life doing this damn piñata instead of taking a drink and you aren't going to come and ruin it in 2 minutes." "Manners honey!" "I wasn't ruin it, I was painting it, " she said petulantly I smirk because although Katniss is incredible smart, strong and pretty much wonderful, we all have our faults and this time I'm on Haymitch's side. Katniss can't cook or paint even if her life depended on it. "Good to know you find this amusing Mellark. Because maybe when you're done with the ponche you could help with the painting of that awful piñata, seeing that you are such a wonderful painter ." "Katniss poor Peeta, you are being a brat," Prim admonishes. "Don't worry Prim, it would be my pleasure to teach your sister how to do things in her own country." I mock her, encouraged by Prim's grinning. Katniss tries to frown but a stubborn smile eventually wins the battle. "I hate you." "No, you don't." She huffs "No, I don't. Damn why do have to be so perfect?" Katniss says shaking her head smiling, and then she gives a step forward and encircles my waist with her arms "I'm so glad you're here." She hugs me so tightly it hurts a bit and then she just lets go, leaving me standing there with a goofy smile on my face until Haymitch disrupt my reverie. "Sweetheart why don't you make yourself useful and go climb the trees to put the streetlights and the papel picado ? That you actually know how to do. I'll be damn if you don't. I can't count how many times I went out of my mind looking for her to come wash the dishes and she was laughing at me up a tree with that Hawthorne kid." "You getting soft on me old man?" " Mucho ayuda el que no estorba, cariño." Katniss stomps out again, glaring at Haymitch. "What did he say to her?"