This is a new story I'm trying out, i hope you guys like it! Percy pov Nothing was better then the beach at sunset. I laid in the sand, Annabeth right next to me her head resting on my chest. I tugged at her blonde curls playfully, they seemed to glow in the fading sunlight. She smelled amazing, like coconuts, everything was perfect. Annabeth turned on her side so she could face me. Her Grey eyes were so intense they stunned me into speechlessness. "I love you so much Percy jackson" she whispered softly before crashing her lips into mine passionately, we kissed in the warm sand. I smiled through the kiss. " what is it seaweed brain?" She demanded playfully pulling away " it's just, I love you too" I said a little bit sheepishly. Her face broke into a beautiful smile. Suddenly Annabeth was pulled off of me with such force that her head knocked back. I scrambled to my feet uncapping riptide. A large figure in all gold armor held Annabeth in a tight grip Kronos. "Let her go!" I demanded advancing toward him, but with a wave of his hand time slowed and I was frozen. "Don't worry hero, I'm prepared to make a deal" he whispered examining Annabeth as he said it, he was squeezing her so tight the pain became too much for her to fight back and she had gone limp. " what is it" I spat. " I'm willing to take you instead of her, will you take her place?" He asked mockingly "yes" I responded immediately putting away riptide. "Now put her down" my voice was steely I could feel the water tugging at my gut. " now now. Once I put her down, you must do two things. 1) you must give her your precious weapon 2)you must come with me willingly, if you try to fight me or trick me in any way, be sure that I will kill her, do you agree." His voice was snakelike "yes" I said determined to help Annabeth. With snap of his finger Annabeth fell sickeningly from where he had her levitating. Her body laid lip in the sand, I could tell many bones were broken. I rushed to her side she was barely conscious. Tears streamed from her eyes "Percy.. no" she choked on a sob. "Shhhh... I'll be okay" I whispered pushing back her hair and kissing her on the lips. Tears stung my eyes I didn't want to say goodbye, I was determined this wasn't goodbye. I took out my pen, riptide. "I Percy jackson give this weapon to Annabeth chase" riptide glowed reluctantly and I placed it in Annabeths hand. She was crying fully now screaming "someone help! Help!" But if anyone in camp heard, they didn't come. "I love you" I whispered before walking back to Kronos. "What now?" I asked coldly. Suddenly there was s pinch in my left arm everything slowed down and then turned completely black. Annabeth pov I continued to scream even after Percy was gone. Percy was gone. My heart ached I gripped riptide in my hand. I couldn't stand I knew slot of my ribs were broken, maybe an arm, or both arms. I clung to the sand where we had just sat so happy, so happy. My tears watered the ground, I sobbed my aching body convulsing violently. I held riptide close to my heart cradling it in both hands. It was getting darker and colder but I didn't care. I was just going to lay here and hope it was so horrible dream. " Annabeth?" A voice yelled filled with worry. Someone rushed to my side. Piper. "Oh gods" another voice said. Jason. They must have been walking together along the beach. I couldn't register them. Piper was trying to pry open my arms so she could assess my injuries and open my airway. I didn't care let me die. Percy was probably dead my now. "Annabeth what happened" I realized her charmspeak. I scrambled away from her painfully sitting up trying to gain my breath. Jason crouched next to me. "What happened" he asked full of concern. I stared at the water. I opened my mouth to speak but nothing came out but a sob. I sniffed and unfolded my hands. Riptide glinted in the moonlight, piper inhaled sharply, her and Jason shared a glance. "Come on, lets go find Chiron" piper soothed. This time I let the charmspeak guide me. I nodded wincing as I stood "We need to take her to the infirmary first" jason said analyzing my injuries. They supported me like crutches and I walked in a daze to the infirmary. I got a lot of nectar and ambrosia, and my bones healed. But I couldn't sleep, every time I closed my eyes I had nightmares of that night. Chiron walked in his tail flicking nervously. He kneeled by my bed side I barely registered he was there. He stared at riptide glinting in the palm of my hand. Tears welled in his eyes, but somehow he held them back. I thought he was going to give me some false encouragement or ask me what happened, instead he said "take your time" my heart shattered. Hope was lost, Percy jackson was dead. It's been three excruciating weeks. Today is the day we are going to burn his shroud. It's a beautiful shroud, emerald green with a trident in the middle, it shimmered like the ocean, and in it, just like the ocean, I saw his eyes. The whole camp was solemn. I tried to say something, but I couldn't get much out. "Percy jackson.I loved him, I still love him. When he first came to this camp, I hated his guts. He was so unbelievably dumb, but I learned that that stupidity was truly his overwhelming loyalty. Loyalty, he was so damn loyal. Too damn loyal. He had a way of rallying people behind him, everyone trusted him, he was a leader, the bravest hero I knew." I couldn't say more. I remembered the last time I was eulogizing him, I looked out into the crowd and he was there, back from Mt. St. Helens. But this time he wasn't there smiling ridiculously at my speech. The shroud burned beautifully and I watched until the fire was ashes and everyone was gone. Riptide weighed heavy in my pocket. We would be so happy. I thought blissfully. Suddenly there was a figure in front of me. I looked up brokenly. Athena, my mother stood wearing a white toga with gold trimming, her hair was braided down her side. "Mother" I gasped tears flowing. I rose she enveloped me in a hug. "Sometimes you need your mother, even if your mother is a god" Athena said sitting with me. Her smile was warm. "Tell me dear" she looked at me intensely. I told her everything that happened that night. Her eyes filled with worry, her eye brows knit in concern, but she listened until I was finished. "Loyalty, his fatal flaw" she mumbled looking off into the distance. "It isn't good that Kronos has risen so quickly" she remarked "about Percy Jackson, he isn't dead, hades has confirmed that his soul isn't in his realm." She paused reading my face. Percy was alive my mother was telling me that he was alive. " but I don't know where the boy is. My suspicion is that he has been taken outside of the gods realm. And in that case he could very well be dead, although I assume Kronos took him for some purpose.." thunder boomed over head. "Poseidon and Zeus are in conflict" she muttered "I must go" she stood eyeing me wearily. " remember you are a daughter of wisdom" "wait-" I wanted to ask her more but she shimmered into a flash. I looked away just in time and when I cleared my eyes she was gone. Percy pov I had almost escaped 8 times. Almost. I didn't know where I was, all I knew was that he kept me in a small shower sized stall that had hard steel walls. Something about the room sucked power out of you, energy was diminished, everything ached. Each day he would open one of the walls( there was no door, how he opened the walls don't ask) and he would then fight me. It was an unfair fight being he was armed and I wasn't it was just him trying to stab me and me dodging until he slowed time and stabbed me or twisted my arm until it broke, or a crowd pleaser injecting me with poison. All of these were excruciating and each should've killed me, but they didn't. My arm stayed broken, poison seared my insides, and open wounds ached. But I didn't die. He would show me images of Annabeth sleeping or eating. She looked like she was aching all over. I wanted to run and help her, comfort her tell her that it was ok. "Now don't scream or she will die, and you will watch it" I focused on the image of Annabeth as he smashed my left knee shattering the bone. Stars danced in my vision I swallowed my scream. "Don't you dare pass out jackson" Kronos whispered I stared at him straight in the eyes. "Good the girl lives another day" he mocked and the image of Annabeth disappeared into the darkness. But now I was running for my life, well hobbling. I didn't know where I was going. Everything was pitch black for a while until I broke out of the side of the basement of a hotel. I ran through the long fiercely and onto the New York City street all of my broken bones ached like no pain I've ever experienced. I assumed he was right behind me so I kept running. I had to get to my moms and Paul's apartment, they could drive me to camp, where hopefully they could heal me. I was running on adrenaline, stars threatened my vision. I could see my moms apartment now. I limped tears streaming I couldn't bare weight on my left leg, I didn't dare look at it. I limped in to the lobby of our complex and pressed the elevator button. I suddenly almost started laughing. Here I was waiting for an elevator in the middle of the night. I got on and pressed my moms floor. It just then dawned on me, I had no clue how much time passed since I'd been taken. Ding. I stepped off the elevator and limped to the door knocking feverishly. It was 1 in the morning would they even hear me. I banged on the door as hard as my broken elbow would permit me to. Bang bang bang. I can hear my mothers voice. I haven't seen my mother since before Hera sent me to camp Jupiter. I was supposed to be moving back in with her and Paul the day after I got taken. "Paul what is that" she sounded worried. "Probably just a drunk neighbor, go back to bed ill take care of it" he responded I continued to bang. I was glad my mother had Paul, so she wasn't alone. He was a cool stepdad. I heard the lock undo and the door swung open. Paul blofis was standing there in his pajamas and when he saw me his face went pasty white. "Sally" he called nervously. My mom came out of the bedroom. She looked and me "oh my god" she cried clasping her hand over her mouth. She ran to me assessing my injuries before enveloping me in one of her special hugs. "Oh god Percy, your hurt" tears steamed down her face. "I'm okay" I said but I wasn't I was barely holding on to consciousness. " I need to get to camp" I said. She nodded. "I'll take you"