A Shadow from the Past Chapter 1: Bloodied sunset Disclaimer: Do not own Lord of the Rings characters only the OFC (Original Female Character), please support the original series Rated: T for blood and gore and maybe language too Years long ago when mankind was not the only human-like beings to have walked the earth, a war had broken out, a dark lord threatened to destroy all kind. A fellowship was created joining the different races to destroy the dark lord and they succeed. The lands stayed quiet for many long years and the bond for the beings grew, but something happened. A terrible event took place in the anniversary of the death of Sauron, what was it? It is uncertain a mystery. But what ever it was took its toll upon the races, a dark war broke out and the strong bonds between the Humans, Hobbits, Dwarfs, and Elves were shattered. The war was long and dark, many lost their lives but the fight continued till the victor claimed victory. In the end the overpopulating humans had defeated their former allies and erased their existence from the face of 'their Earth'. The Humans lived their lives fruitfully without a care for the beings the once lived long side with them, they began to grow and expand claiming new lands and getting advance technology every century that passes them. Soon the Hobbits, Dwarfs and Elves were known to be only fiction, ones that never existed in the world, only known in stories and movies. However when the war was thought to had ended the days of the other beings had come to an end there was but only one sole survivor. A great warrior from the elf race, he hid himself in a forest from the humans when the war passed and his kind lost. He watched them flourish for centuries never once seen like a shadow but he watched just watched. His heart turned cold with the hatred against men but he knew he was outnumbered and so he lived his life as the last of his kind in the silence of the forest. He lived in silence that is till one eventful day a modern day girl stumbles upon his existence. This is their story... My body tingled with excitement when I glanced over at the wall clock hanging from above the sink, I can finally get off work in a few agonizingly slow seconds. My light brown eyes watched the clock's hand in a daze from behind my rectangle-framed glasses as my hands carelessly scrubbed the particles of food from the dishes. In my mind I began counting down, 5...4...3...2...1! Relief flooded my exhausted body and the plates accidentally slipped out of my slippery fingers and crashed with the others in the sink, I winced to the loud sound and prayed nothing had broken. I slowly turned my head around to see if anybody noticed, sadly for me everyone did. The chefs stopped what they were doing and glared towards me as did the other waitresses, my face flustered red as I turned my whole body to the people. I folded my hands in front of me and bowed deeply, "Dui bu qi" my voice squeaked out an apology in Chinese, [Sorry] It seemed to have worked when the silence soon was covered with the sounds of work being done, I straightened up and pushed my glasses back in place with my index finger and quietly slithered out of the restaurant kitchen unnoticed like a shadow. I walked towards the lockers where I collected my coat and car keys then headed out of the backdoor exit. My boss Mr. Wei hated it when employees used the front door for some reason but I was never willing to figure it out or I might lose my job. I flung my coat behind me and placed them on my shoulders covering my red and gold Chinese waitress uniform slightly. I reached over to my light brown hair and pulled out it out of its' bun causing it to cascade gently on my back, half way to the end it curled to soft curls. I reached my car and quickly but to a legal speed drove to the park, a protected park to be precise. I looked at the digital clock, it read 7:28. A smile appeared on my tightly shut lips as I drove. My name is Lanying Zhang but many prefer to call me Ying due to my name being so hard to pronounce. I am Chinese, as you would have guest by my 'unique' name. 6 years ago when I was only 14 my parents decided that my brother and I should study here in America, they said the education here was better than in China, even though it saddened me to leave I never disobey my parent's decisions. So my big brother and I immigrated to America. We stayed with the Weng, friends of my father and they treated us well. After a while my brother finally finished his schooling and got a job, when we had enough money we bought an apartment, it wasn't grand but it wasn't pitiful either, it was just perfect. When I was in a legal age to work I got a job in the Chinese restaurant to help pay rent with my brother, I didn't want to be a burden to him. I also sell a few of my artwork on the street for some easy money. My brother liked his job but he loved the new country more, he loved it so much he joined the army. He left a few days before my sweet 16 birthday to go to Afghanistan and I haven't seen him since, but I do get letters from him...once and a while. But at least he's happy and if he's happy then so am I. I had got off the busy highway and now slowly made my way through a rock path heading towards the parking lot of the park. Not many people come to the park anymore, and so the park owners are deciding to sell away the park. This might be my last chance to come here, which is sad because I often come here for relaxing and inspiration for my work. My car halted to a stop in an empty spot (basically anywhere) and cut off the engines. I glanced again at the clock it was now 8:05, I have to hurry now if I wanted to catch it. I hopped out of my car scrambled to the trunk and popped it open, it revealed a big white canvass stacked on top of a wooden stand and a box of paints, brushes and a pallet, also I took out my professional camera and let it hang around my neck. I gathered them up in my arms and shut the trunk then hiked into the forest. It was quiet and peaceful in the forest unlike being in the city were everything was so noisy. The sound of soft chattering of animals and the breeze grazing the leaves of the trees causing a calming sound echoed into my ears sweetly. The woods smelled nothing of what it does in the city, here it was the smell of various flowers and mint like leaves not forgetting the not polluted air...well not as polluted air, it was still close to civilization. I hopped over a tree root and made my way to a clearing, my pace grew quicker. My heart was aroused with every step, I could see in the distance the dark shadows of the trees fading away by the warm rays of the sun. When I reached the clearing I almost lost my breath, I stood on a solid cliff looking down at the beautiful green forest under me. A few hills ran in the horizon, evergreens clearly sticking out in plain sight. But what was most beautiful was the majestic sun. It peeks just beyond the tree lines of the small hills, light gathered to the source glimmering in gold and red. The sky surrounding it was a captivating shade of amethyst and dark blue. My stomach did flips as one would feel when in love, yes, I know I'm weird but it was just beautiful. I carefully placed my painting materials down and got my camera ready, I looked through the hole and saw the sunset smaller but never the less breath taking. My hand fingering the buttons and dials as I tried to focus on it and the forest as well. Snap, swirl I got my picture, I took a few more shots before letting the camera fall out of my hands but hung around my neck. I stared again at the view and took a deep dreamy sigh, after that I got my canvass ready. This is what I've been waiting for, to capture the sun's beauty. Some might think, it's just a sunset we see it everyday, but as an artist such as I, I see things differently and more beautifully... it's hard to explain. I began painting the landscape even though I knew sunsets last around 30 minutes and I wouldn't be able to finish it on time but I wanted to start it quickly. The tips of the brush stroked against the cloth like surface filling in the blank canvas with a rich yellow-red color. My mind went blank inattentive to my surrounding that is till I heard the sound of a twig snap from behind. My strokes stopped as I returned to reality; slowly I turned around to stare at the opening of the forest of where I had come from. I pushed my glasses up with the butt of my brush as my eyes scanned the dark forest, the whispering chatters of the forest creatures had strangely quieted to a silence. A shiver ran up my spine as I took an uneasy step back, something felt wrong "Wh-who's there?" I asked steadily as I could. I waited for a sign or even a sound of a living being answering back but I was answered with nothing but dead silence. My palms began to sweat as a small whimper escaped my lips, I for one was never a big fan of horror films being easily scared that is and now I am utterly frozen with fear, it wasn't funny...it was scary. Suddenly something sped through the bushes causing me to gasp and look to that direction, "P-please come out," I asked pitifully, "this is-isn't funny...c-come out please" At last I heard the first sign of life, but it didn't sound friendly. Hoarse chuckling echoed from the forest in front of me, the sound of many chuckling meaning a group of chuckling people, who's chuckles make me unease. Are they evil people? Thieves? Murderers? Organ dealers? Rapist! My whimpers got louder as I felt a little wet under my uniform skirt. Movement appeared again from the bushes, dreadfully I watched in fear as a group rise from behind it. The smell of rotting flesh entered my nostrils, I covered my mouth and nose quickly with my free hand as I felt ready to throw-up did I mention I have a weak stomach? They smell of death, `hehe, looky here...fresh meat` The same hoarse voice from the chuckling group said in a foreign language I had never heard before. [Oh no, they're foreign thieves that rape unsuspecting girls and murder them then steal their organs!] I thought, my imagination getting better of my judgment. "Please don't hurt me," I whimpered, "I-I'm horrible in bed!" My mouth spoke without my minds permission, how should I know if I'm horrible in bed, I'm a virgin! I mentally cursed my tongue as my face turned red in fear and embarrassment. `Look at the human squirm, I'm hungry I want to eat it now` another rough voice growled `Yea we should eat! I'm hungry after killing the Elf` Yet another voice