We have all heard of the oh so tragic life of a Mary Sue in the evil and foreboding modern world. Abusive parents, jealous friends, schoolmate bullies, dark pasts, and/or unfaithful partners. But of course, there is that one question that sits at the back of our minds once the Sue has entered the realm of fantasy, what happened to the people they had left in this world? You cannot simply talk to a person one day and completely be oblivious to their sudden disappearance or even existence the next! So voilà this plot was born. After reading LOTR Mary Sue stories for a mind numbing four hours I have decided to create a shocking plot twist to the Mary Sue's cliché plotline that we all have grown to 'love' , so please enjoy! Disclaimer: Lord of the Rings does not belong to me nor do the cannon characters, only my OCs. Please enjoy! oo And I find it kind of funny, I find it kind of sad The dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had I find it hard to tell you, I find it hard to take When people run in circles its a very, very Mad world, mad world - "Mad world" -Gary Jule oo ~His heart of Gold~ Act i There were whispers of a woe-some tragedy that the wind carried pass proud standing trees and tall swaying grass. A company of Wood-elves whom were in the midst of traveling back to the Woodlands from Imladris had caught wind of the event as they circled east of the Mirkwood forest. At times of rest, the elves could hear the slightest of noise from the rough movements of the dark lord's servants, but the distance between them had been too large for the elves concern. But travelling further up besides the forest and nearing the East Bight the elves begun to notice the strange marking in the dirt, and further towards the forest they discover a display of bones and corpses. By then the elves could tell of what dark things the Orcs were up to, for not only did they leave a trail of stench and death for the elves, but to the wake of the clunking armour of the Orcs were the clattering chains of prisoners. Though it was not the business of the elves it was decided by the leader of the company, the prince of the Woodland Realm himself; Prince Legolas, that they would aid the captured men. At first the prince opted not to come to fight the Orcs for the dark ones neared the safe proximity of their territory and though the elves were armed they were not armed enough to be at battle with all the creatures of the mountain, if the Orcs were to call for aid. But the prince was swayed into changing his mind as he came across an item of innocence. Torn, filthy, and covered in dried up blood was a doll belonging to a prisoner, it was fact enough to the prince that the Orcs held a child in capture and he could not let such innocence be tainted by the dark ones. They sped with the wind by the sides of their strong stallions towards the Eastern borders of the Mirkwood forest. They must make haste for the Orcs themselves though bare foot and trailed with prisoners had already entered the dark forest two night falls ahead... L~O~T~R "Dina." The leading elf whispered as his silent steps slowed, [Quiet] Echoing his movements the company of elves behind him slowed, each glancing at their companions to their sides and awaiting commands of the fair-haired prince. But within they knew that they had closed in to the Orcs, and it would not be long till the order of attack was called, though there was no fear apparent on their fair faces, for they felt no fear. They were within a forest, one they called home, perhaps, so it was of the Eastern borders of Mirkwood where dark creatures had called it theirs but the forest was in their aid. The forest swayed with the slight breeze and whispers of the wind, bringing comfort to the elves whose hands unconsciously, itched towards their weapons. Some reach and grazing the arch of their bows, others held a light grip on the hilt of their swords. "The Orcs are there, just pass the clearing. We must move with haste and not startle them or they will call for aid," Legolas had whispered out once more from the front, he turned his eyes towards his second in command, "be on guard and prepare to attack." The dark-haired elf nodded in understanding, and he without so much of a word but with a gesture of his hand brought half of the company to follow him away from the path and the prince led the rest. Legolas reached over his shoulder and silently took out an arrow from its hold, the elves that followed mimicked his actions and readied their weapons. The orcs were meters away-that they were sure of- for the dark-skinned beast were loud. They snorted, grunted, and growled from the clearing. The whimpers and rasp breathes of prisoners were apparent as well to the keen hearing of the elves. There were frightened neighs from the surviving horses that had come with the mortal traders whom now backed away from the advancing orcs. The elves themselves were quiet, light on their nimble feet and swiftly passed trees and bushes. It wasn't till they were preparing their bows to shoot did the prince notice that there was something wrong... Indeed the Orcs were loud, but not loud in their normal taunting grunts towards the prisoners or their uneven snorting breaths but loud in a frenzy. Four Orcs surrounded the captured men and their horses into the middle of the clearing, threatening to stab them with the rusty butcher like swords they had tightly gripped in their dry hands. But with the exception of the men and the four Orcs they were alone, there were no other orcs within the clearing though evident that there indeed were a dozen more with them not moments before. Where were the rest? "Something is wrong." Legolas murmured to himself "Tira ten' rashwe!" An elf to the left of the prince yelled, [Look out!] Legolas turned swiftly just in time to see another party of Orcs appear from the high bushes, and their eyes met. The Orcs did not falter and ran to attack with mighty battle cries. How had they not notice them? Was this a trap? But with no time to think of how the Orcs knew of their presence Legolas quickly readied his bow, pulled back and let the arrow cut into the chest of an advancing Orc. Once the first arrow was shot a herd of arrows followed suit, nearly blocking the rays of sunlight that the trees themselves hadn't blocked already. The orcs almost all instantly fell to the ground, some managed to crawl forwards more but was permanently stopped with another arrow shot towards them. The orcs that deemed themselves lucky from surviving the rain of arrows pressed forward in what seemed to be a never ending amounts. Some of the elves switched their weapons in favouring their swords and knives, Legolas was one of them as he pulled out a long white elven knife from his belt and readied for an attack. He moved through the swarming Orcs with agility and ease, running his knife down the chest of one and promptly pulling the knife out and sticking it into the stomach of another. The prince spied a group of orcs retreating from the grounds of action, the tall one growling at the three and spoke in the dark speech as he turned his arm to point towards the woods. The three orcs nodded and rushed pass the trees as the rest of the orcs turned to the clearing and rushed to the men to grab on their chains and lead them off. Quickly Legolas turned to call out to the elf closest to him, "Calanon," The elf turned to the sound of his voice, letting the string of his bow ease, "The orcs are taking the men away!" Calanon, the dark-haired elf nodded. He left the prince's side and gathered the elves to follow him to the clearing as the orc's numbers began to lessen and the men started to rattle their chains. In an instant Legolas leapt and sped through the forest floor, ears focused on finding clanking metal and eyes scanning for trails in the mud or breaks in the leaves. He ran, distancing himself from the battlegrounds but neared the dangers of the Mirkwood mountain. A cry cut through the forest with a ear piercing tone- a child! Had the orcs reached her before he could? The elf willed himself to run faster as his grip around his long knife tightened in earnest. "No! Back off! Leave her alone!" Another voice rang, He was close! With grace-like reflexes Legolas kicked himself forward against an old tree trunk and launched from above the bushes. A boy laid curled on the ground as an orc stood above him, axe high and ready to land a lethal blow upon his neck. But Legolas was fast. Before they spotted his presence his knife was already embedded in one of the three orcs, he jerked his arms to the right slicing through the orc's stomach and into the others thigh. The orc screamed in pain as the other dropped dead, Legolas kicked the orc on the knee and broke it backwards and snapped his neck as he fell. The last orc whom stood above the boy had advance towards him and swung at his face to only miss him by a hair. The prince twisted and spun to store enough energy into one final swing of his weapon and sliced the dark creatures neck clean through. And then the forest was silent. Legolas stood to his full height and sheathed his knife with not so much of a ragged breath before he turned on his heels. The boy from before now stood meters away from him but not far enough for him to catch if by chance he decided to run from him. He was young, his face made this apparent; rosy cheeks, youthful black hair, and uncanny bright blue eyes, the boy if Legolas could make an assumption be twenty at most. The Elf prince was though surprised of the boy's porcelain like skin. One that only elves were most known for, and yet this mortal boy looked as if he had never been out in the sun. He was dressed warmly, but the clothes he wore were something the Elf prince has never seen before. His coat was of a rich grey color, the wool courser than any wool the elf had seen. His trousers were dark also and were rigid than loose, and boots of fine leather that could only be compared to that of elvish craft. The boy stood with a weak grasp upon an orc axe that he had picked up from next to the dead creature, its blade pointed towards the elf prince in a low and awkward angle. Legolas scrunched his brows in curious confusion; he did not anticipate the boy to be afraid of him much less defend himself from him. Slowly, as if not to frighten the mortal he lifted his hands up to show he meant no harm and yet the boy's body stiffened as his grip on the axe handled tightened, "Amin hiraetha," Legolas spoke this in elvish for he knew some men were calmed to the sound of his native tongue, "I mean you no harm, do not be frightened" [I'm sorry] But when he had taken a step forward the boy merely strained to point the blade higher. It was fear ; Legolas