A/N: Hey muffins, I started a new story! I hope you like it! BTW, there are a few trigger parts (depression, cutting, etc) throughout it, if these bother you, you should probably stop reading right about now... This story is a huge mashup of Twilight, Divergent, a little bit of the Darkest Powers series and OC. Beside that, enjoyyyy! Disclaimer: I do not own anything but Luna and the other OCs. Oh, and the plot. Luna's POV (1 month before present day): I twirled across the stage, doing a pirouette and an arabesque before landing gracefully on my feet. I was practicing for the recital, which happens in 2 weeks. I am so excited! I just couldn't wait! This year, we are doing the Swan Dance, and I got one of the leads, Irisabeth, the evil witch who turns Maybelle, the lead part (who my friend Bella plays), into a swan. She has to live like that until her handsome Prince Edward saves her. This is funny because the person who plays Prince Edward is Edward Cullen. "Luna!" I jump out of my thoughts and stare down at Bella. She is waiting for me. I rush backstage into the locker rooms and change into my regular outfit, putting the costume back on the racks. I head outside and see Bella standing near her big, rusty red truck. I sigh and walk over, my hands buried in my pockets and my hood up. "Nice colors," She comments on my multicolored leggings. I nodded and said I'd catch her later as Edward walked over. I started walking across the parking lot, my headphones blaring the band Birdy in my ears. I don't hear the loud screech of brakes or the people yelling, "Hey watch out!" I feel the wind whoosh behind me and turn in time to see Tyler's truck slam into me. My last thought was, Hey! Oh, the tires probably slipped on the ice. Okay. Then everything went black. Bella's POV: I waited patiently as Luna twirled through her dance, calculating each move in her head as she dance. She was truly amazing at it. She finished and stood there for a good five minutes staring out at nothing. I knew she'd zoned out, think about something irrelevant. "Luna!" I called out loudly. She blinked and looked down at me before realization seemingly flooded through her and she dashed to the locker rooms to change. I smiled and walked out to my truck to wait. Luna appeared casually five minutes later. We talked for a bit before she said she would catch me later. Edward was walking over here. Luna and Edward don't like each other, but I can't tell why. I just shrugged it off and continued reading my favorite book, Wuthering Heights . I suddenly heard a screech and turned to watch in horror as Tyler's van skidded, smashed into Luna and sent her flying. She landed on the pavement and just stayed still. Everyone rushed over to make sure she and Tyler were okay. Several phones were whipped out to call the police, an ambulance, her family. I sank to my knees in front of her and checked her pulse. It was beating, hard. "She has a pulse!" I called out, very relieved. There was a loud whoop and several cheers throughout the crowd. Then an ambulance arrived to take Luna to the hospital. Luna's POV: Beep. Beep. Beep. Beep. What was that incessant beeping noise? The beeping sped up slightly. I opened my aquamarine-colored eyes and spotted the heart machine to my left. I also noticed a pale blonde doctor with golden eyes speaking in hushed tones to my dad by the foot of my hospital bed. I coughed and they looked up, seeing me conscious. My dad, Marcus, rushed over to the side of my bed, sitting in a chair placed there. "Oh, sweetheart! You're awake! Are you feeling okay?" He gasped out in one breath. I peered at his face and saw the glint in his eyes. He was faking this for the doctor. "Hello, Luna, is it?" I nodded. "Okay. Welcome back. My name is Dr. Cullen. I need to ask you a few questions." I nodded. "On a scale of 1, being the least, and 10 being the most, what is your pain level?" They waited while I assessed the damage. Both of my legs are broken, but nothing worse than that. Great. but either than this, my pain was low. For now. "About... a 4, I think..." My voice trailed off as I was lost in thought. The doctor snapped his fingers to get my attention. My head whipped up to look into his eyes again. "S-sorry." "Okay." He checked my vitals and said, "You will need to stay overnight in the hospital so we can monitor you, but you should be able to go home tomorrow afternoon. Alright?" I nodded and he excused himself from the room. As soon as Dr. Cullen was out of earshot (or so we thought), Marcus said, "Now listen, you little bitch. You are grounded and you cannot go to the concert in December." I gasped, tears forming in my eyes. "I don't care how long you've been planning that concert with your slutty friends. You can't go. Now, do not tell them anything, or you know what will happen." I nodded and he left as the nurse came in to tell him visiting hours were over. The nurse checked my vital again as she introduced herself as Rosalie. She had pretty blonde hair and bright golden eyes, a varying shade of golden. "Are you related to Dr. Cullen?" I blurted out, then realized how rude that was and said, "S-sorry. Th-that w-was rude. I'm sorry." "It's alright, Luna was it?" I nodded and she continued. "Yes, I am related to Dr. Cullen He's my father. Now, do you need any pain relievers tonight, or can you sleep okay?" I shook my head and she asked one final question, "Who is that man who was talking to you as I came in? Is it safe for you to be around him?" "He's my dad. As for whether I should be around him... I think I'm okay." She nodded as her gaze latched onto mine. Something flitted through her eyes, but it disappeared before I could see it. "Have a good night's sleep." I nodded and snuggled under the covers, dreaming of being abused at home. The nightmare had me screaming for help in my sleep. A few nurses came running along with Dr. Cullen. "Luna! Luna, you need to wake up, it's just a dream! Luna!" Rosalie shook me awake and I started crying, muttering apologies over and over again. Rosalie shushed me and got me to calm down enough that the tears stopped. The other nurses went around the hospital, helping other patients back to sleep. "I feel so bad. I didn't mean to make anyone worry. I didn't mean to wake the other patients." My voice was just a whisper. "It's okay. Do you want to talk about it?" Her voice was so sincere that I just couldn't help but spill everything about my so-called Dad. I told of the beatings, of him whipping me with a belt with steel on one end. Of him driving my sister, Sunny to suicide. All the while, Rosalie comforted me and handed me tissues when I needed them After I was done talking, she said, "I'll be right back." Then I whisper yelled, "No! He'll kill me when he finds out I told you!" She came back over and shushed me and hugged me. "It's okay. I'll make sure he never figures it out. Okay?" I nodded as she left the room and minutes later her, a police officer and Dr. Cullen were in here once again. The police officer asked some questions at first but I just told him everything I knew about my abusive "father." I showed each mark I had and they saw my back too. It was scarred up, but still bleeding slightly. When the police officer asked why I never came to the hospital before, I said, "Because I would need him to be here and he wouldn't get medical attention for that, considering the fact he might get arrested in the process. Plus, I'm used to this." He remarked with, "You shouldn't have to be used to that stuff." After that, I guess the police officer went and arrested him. I don't know. _1 MONTH LATER (PRESENT DAY)_ Luna's POV: I sat in my foster room and just cried. I hated it here. I couldn't stand the other people here. There were too many kids in one place. There was never enough food, water or showering time before we all headed off to the classrooms built in this house. I mostly stayed in my room, skipping the classes. At first, the teachers were mad but they got over it and left me alone most of the time. I was super skinny, almost anorexic because of the lack of food. I didn't care. I didn't see it that way. I saw myself as too fat. I still can't fit into my size zero black skinny jeans yet. If I can't wear size zero or double zero, I was fat. I weighed myself almost everyday. I only eat an apple each time it's breakfast, lunch or dinner time. I wear baggy sweatshirts so that way no one would notice my "skinniness." The advisors were too busy with everyone else to notice me. I usually cut my wrists. There was no more room so I started cutting my thighs as well. Still, no one noticed. Not even the least hate-able person here, Willow Sanataria. She was nice to everyone, even me, but we were not friends. I don't care. I just want out of this hellhole. X-1 Week Later, November 23-X There are three days until Thanksgiving. There were only 9 kids left. Everyone else was adopted as early Christmas presents. The only people left were Willow Sanataria, Zack Bones and Bianca Bones (they were twins), Twilly McEntire (Total bubblehead if you ask me), and myself. There was also the trio of step-siblings, Derek Souza, Tori Enright and Simon Bae. And their constant companion, Chloe Saunders. Twilly and Willow were sisters, but they hated each other and pretended they weren't. They have different dads, meaning they have different last names by the way. I almost forgot about Mariah, standing in the back of the group with me. She weighed 90 pounds soaking wet and she was my only friend here, although she didn't speak much. We could both tell each other wanted to be adopted though. It was clear in everyone's eyes that day. "Luna! Come down stairs! There are guests here!" One of the advisors, Maria called. She was my favorite, if I had to choose. Although she doesn't pay much real attention to anyone, she would have to be my favorite. I rushed downstairs and tripped on the last step, but Willow caught me. I smiled thanks and brushed myself off. I looked up to see the "guests." Immediately my heart stopped beating. Marcus . I took several steps back and Maria asked what was wrong. Marcus' eyes glinted, like a predator watching their prey. "Luna! I found you. Finally. So good to see you again." I shook my head and stared at everyone's confused glances between me and him . "This is my biological father. What the hell are you doing here? I thought you were in prison." I directed the last part at him. "No. I got out. It's so good to see you again. Perhaps you would like to come home?" His voice sounded hopeful, but I knew better. "No." I spat. Derek's eyebrows rose. "Well, okay. I just figured out where you were and wanted to check up on you." He handed me a slip of paper