Hi all, sorry this took a little longer than planned, but I'm trying to write the whole story before posting. Also, I had planned to make the twins much older, however, due to overwhelming response, I set my older twin story aside and wrote a whole new one, with them in their childhood in Rivendell. Also, this is the sequel to "To Lose and To Gain" if you haven't read that story yet, please do, or else this will not make a lot of sense. This may take awhile to post between chapters, i hit a cramp, but wanted to get this much out. Hope ya'll enjoy it Chapter 1: The Lesson Five year old Serethiel snuck down the hall toward the door that she knew held the room with her two older brothers. The sun had barely been up for a quarter hour, casting beams of light down on the floor and walls of the Last Homely House. Today was a special day for Serethiel and her twin Estel, for their older elven brothers had promised to start teaching them how to swim. Serethiel had always envied the dark haired twins who could cool of on the hot summer days, and often she would annoy Elladan to the point of exasperation, begging him to teach her the skill. Serethiel stopped and frowned, thinking about the promise to be taught. The two elves had said they'd start early, but they were still in bed! Of course, so was her own twin, Estel, but then Estel never moved before he had to, and the later the better. Serethiel couldn't understand it. She always liked to be up early, and see the sunrise with Ada, actually, pre-dawn was even better, darkness still lingered over the land, it was a time of mystery and Serethiel loved it. Her thoughts brought her to the door of the elven twins. Gently, she eased the heavy oak door open, and slipped inside. The dark haired elves lay together in one large bed. Technically, it was Elladan's room, but the beds in both had been made large enough to accommodate two full grown elves, since the twins disliked to be separated, especially if they had just returned from a hard patrol. Elladan shifted slightly as Serethiel eased toward the bed, causing the small chestnut haired edain to pause a moment. Once he settled again, she resumed her forward trek. Elladan had heard the door open and allowed his eyes to slide back into focus. He fought to keep the smile off his face as his adopted little sister crept toward the bed. She was improving at sneaking up on them; there was a time when she wouldn't have even made it to the door before waking him. He carefully resettled himself, waiting for the pounce; he would let her have her fun, for the moment anyway. Serethiel eyes glittered with mischief as she got with in jumping distance of the bed. Neither twin had shown sign of wakefulness. Drawing her short legs under her, she leapt up, straight for Elladan's stomach. However, the elven twin was too fast for her. Before she had landed, two long arms shot out, grabbing her around the waist and with a flip of the body, she found herself lightly pinned beneath her eldest brother, Elladan. Pale blue eyes looked down at her with a twinkle in them. "So, you thought you could sneak up on us? Scare us perhaps?" Elladan tried to make his voice as sinister as possible. Beneath him, Serethiel widened her cerulean blue eyes, trying to look as innocent as possible. Next to them, Elrohir rolled over mockingly glaring at his siblings; he picked up the line of questions where his brother had left off. "And at such an early hour? This just can't go unpunished, wouldn't you agree dear brother? Such a youngling must be put into her place." "Aye, brother, I think punishment is in order." Without a further pause, both elves descended on the young edain tickling her mercilessly. Serethiel giggled, and tried to squirm away from her brothers. Soon, tears of laughter were rolling down her slightly pudgy cheeks. "Mercy, please, 'Dan, 'Ro…no fair!" Her brothers ignored her pleas of mercy and continued their assault. The three were so involved that they didn't notice as the door to the bedroom opened, admitting a tall blond elf. "If you three are going to be awake at this hour, it might be wise not to wake the whole household." Glorfindel's voice dripped sarcasm. Most of the house was awake already; however, normally it wasn't quite so loud. The softly spoken words caused the two elven twins to sit up, settling their sister between them, identical expressions of innocence gracing their faces. Between them, Serethiel glared at each of them in turn, pouting slightly at the unfairness of having two against one. "Sorry, Glorfindel, we were…" Before Elladan could finish his sentence, Serethiel slid of the bed. She was determined not to let her brothers have any say. Stepping up to Glorfindel, she stretched out her arms begging to be picked up. The blonde warrior obliged, settling her on his hip. "Glorfy, they were being mean. They promised to teach me 'n Estel…" "Estel and I" Glorfindel corrected her automatically "Yea, to swim. They said we'd go early, but they are still in bed!" The young girl looked so affronted that Glorfindel had to hide the smile. "By early, these two sluggards meant before noon, little one. They are too lazy to know the sunrise like the rest of the household." "But…" Glorfindel cut her off before she could voice her protest. "How about you and I go find your ada, and then get something to eat. These two need to get ready to be seen by other civilized beings." The warrior had started inching out the door, although he stopped long enough to glance back at the disheveled twins who still sat on the bed, looking insulted at the words Glorfindel had thrown their way. As the two voices faded away, the twins glanced at each other. It was going to be a very long day. Serethiel bounced slightly in her seat. She sat near the end of the small family table. Breakfast was one of the few times were the family could just be family, and when there was no delegations to host, the peredhels took the opportunity to have a little privacy. Only Lord Elrond's family, Glorfindel, and Erestor ate on the secluded terrace near the study. Currently, the lords of the valley were seated at the table with the youngest edain, all of them awaiting the final three members of the family. Glorfindel had been true to his word. He and Serethiel had went and found Lord Elrond, who had taken the time to reassure his daughter that all would be well and that the twins would indeed be teaching the two edain how to swim. With a gentle push, he had sent her to wake her own twin; after all, the elves were teaching both edain how to swim, not just her. In their shared room, she had found Estel sound asleep. Using the same trick she had tried on her elven brothers, she had leapt onto his stomach, waking him rather violently. With a lot of mumbling she had literally drug Estel out of bed. She cringed slightly thinking about the bruises he would probably have from landing on the floor so hard. He wouldn't be happy when he finally drug himself to breakfast. Bouncing slightly in her seat, she turned back to Lord Elrond, to find him smiling down at her. The age-old elf knew the antics that had occurred in his house already, but he found it interesting that his sons were so taken by this young girl that they had actually gotten up after her unique wake-up call. "Mornin' ada." Still looking slightly disheveled, Elladan dropped into a chair next to Serethiel bonelessly, earning him a glare from his father. "Elladan, where is your brother, and why do you look like you just had a fight with the ground and lost?" "I'm here, ada," Elrohir appeared in the doorway, Estel on his hip, "As for 'Dan there, well, he normally doesn't see this level of the sun, and was a little surprised." Elrond sighed, "What happened? Its not even noontime and you two find trouble." "I think that's the problem." 'Ro chortled, quickly ducking the smack that was aimed at him by his twin. "Well, ada, when we took these devils into the house," 'Dan gestured to Serethiel and Estel, "I didn't expect to be woken at this insane hour and then being pushed to the floor and held there, all by five year olds. Honestly, ada, these two are dangers to this house." Serethiel glanced at her twin, his silver eyes sparkled with humor. None of the elves were paying her much attention. "How?" She mouthed the word across the table. "He thought I was 'sleep. I just jumped on 'im, he's the one that fell." He mouthed back. Estel looked innocent, but Serethiel could see the glint in his eyes, it also told her that he held no grudge for the wake-up call she had given that morning. Further communication was interrupted by the arrival of their breakfast. Serethiel glanced down at the plate and smiled. No porridge, it was summer time and the hot foods were not as common at any of the meals. She grabbed a pastry and began eating it as quickly as she could, which also created quite a mess. Across the table, her twin was doing the same. A large hand on her wrist caused her to slow down and glance up. Elladan was looking down at her smiling. "Eat slowly, Serethiel, 'Ro and I have to finish too before we can go down to the river. Besides, you'll choke if you keep eating that pastry like a warg." Estel grinned as his sister blushed, and stuck is tongue out at her. She was the one to be caught with the bad table manners, for once. A soft cough caused him to look toward his father, who had a look on his face that cowed Estel at once. This time it was Serethiel's turn to stick her tongue out at her twin. Elrond just sighed and turned back to talking with Glorfindel. The rest of the meal passed fairly quickly for Serethiel. When the elven twins rose from their seats, both Serethiel and Estel leapt up, excused themselves, and raced to beat the elves to the door. "Be back by evenfall," Elrond's words followed the youngsters out the door. "We will, ada." Elladan shouted over his shoulder as he chased the edain into the hallway. Elrond just shook his head, the young ones were impossible. Serethiel and Estel at on the elven twins shoulders as they walked down the path toward the river. Every so often, Elladan would grab Serethiel and swing her around before settling her back on his broad shoulders. Sitting up so high would sometimes remind her of sitting on someone else's shoulders, but she couldn't quite remember whose. As the river came into view, both edain were set back on their feet and shoved slightly ahead of the elves. "Go on, you two, leggings only for you Estel, Serethiel, leggings and under shirt." As Elladan told them what to do, both he and his brother began stripping down to their leggings. His mind drifted back to the conversation he'd had with his father about Serethiel. She refused to wear a shift, insisting on the clothes that all of her brothers wore. However, that meant that she would have to learn to swim with more and heavier fabric then if she had agreed to wear the short, light dress that the elleth wore while in the water. Elrond had told 'Dan to teach her in whatever clothes she