My name is October Callow, and I live in Pittsburgh, Penn. My older brother, Raffi, is the closest person in my life, if the only one. I have a strange past, even at only sixteen. My dad, whose name I don't recall, left my mom when I was four and Raffi was seven, so he remembers it better than I. My mom, according to Raffi, didn't make a fuss, only sadly nodding. My stepdad, George Hendrey, hates me, and hits me whenever he feels like it. My only best friend is Raffi; if only he were not my brother, so I could have two friends. I don't have any talents to speak of, and I only have a few hobbies. My family lives very frugally; my stepdad gambles and my mom works all day with almost minimal pay. Honestly, it's not the best life, but there definitely could be worse. I could be dead. Which I almost am, but never mind that. Moving on. Was it Winston Churchill that said "Never give up"? I don't really know if I can stick to that at this point, but I will keep it in mind. Raffi would be quite disappointed if I left him… Anyways, I'm digressing. It all started the dark and stormy… Wait a second, that was really lame. Sorry. It actually started on a perfectly normal day, averagely sunny and not too hot. Which reminds me, the oven has brownies in it, and I'm hungry. Excuse me for a few. Ten minutes later… Okay, I'm back, and continuing. My mom was at work, even though it was a Saturday. That's how little money we had at the time, that month. My brother and I were in the house alone. George (I refuse to call him "dad" or "stepdad") was off somewhere playing poker, losing money and probably smoking pot while drinking vodka at the same time. I'm surprised the dude is still functioning, never mind living. Sorry, again. I have ADGD. And dyslexia. Seriously, I'm so done. But I'll keep the story going. When the doorbell rang, I looked at my brother, and he was asleep. I kind of felt bad for him, working late nights and such, so I went to answer the doorbell. When I opened it, some hobo guy was standing there, looking all serious, as if he were a businessman or something. Am I being rude to him? He's actually my… I can't tell you, sucker. You have to wait for it! I raised an eyebrow at him, and looked him over. He had shaggy brown hair, not too long, and his clothes were a bit worn out. Otherwise, he looked normal enough. His blue eyes seemed to stare into my soul, and his facial features were, um, what's the word? Weathered? No… oh well, I'll remember sometime. He held out a hand, a clean one, and I tentatively shook it. "Can we walk for a bit?" "Only in the backyard." The guy just nodded, and I sighed quietly. I led him around to the back, opening the gate and slipping inside. "October, I've been watching over you for a long time now, and—" I stopped him right there. Stalker much…? "You've been what?" I screeched. "You don't know?" "I don't know a lot of things." "I'm your biological father." "Sure. Do you have any medical conditions or anything? Low blood sugar, or diabetes?" "I most certainly don't." He smiled at me, but I didn't return it. Like I said, creepy. This guy's accent was a mix between British, Italian and I don't know, German or something. I apologize if that offended anyone; I don't know my European accents. Clearly. "Okay. So, assuming you aren't lying to me, how do you explain yourself?" "Your mother was a wonderful woman. I regret leaving her very much." "You better, because now she looks ten years too old, and my stepdad is a total jerk." What? Okay fine, you got me. I definitely did not say something as nice as jerk. Moving on. "It is all for the best." "Tell that to my mother, idiot." Again, I am censoring most of this. "I am known to some as Neptune. To others, I am no more that a sea god—" "Excuse me? God? You really need a psychiatrist to teach you about narcissism." "Listen to me." His blue eyes flashed. "Most call me Poseidon. I am sure you've learned about Greek mythology?" Since I love reading, of course I knew the myths. But they were… myths. Supposedly, anyways, if this guy was for real. He pretty much had me lost at Poseidon, though, so I didn't answer right away. "You mean to tell me that my dad is a possibly very powerful and dangerous god that never bothered showing up in my life at all?" "Well, if you put it that way—" I laughed out loud, and clapped him on the shoulder. "If you think I'll believe that story, you've got another coming. Stop trying to get money, and go get a job. I'm broke." "Do I need to prove myself once again?" The guy sighed. Oh fine, Poseidon, since you all seem so intent on believing he's the real deal. "Sure. Give me all you got." "Actually, that would kill you instantly." Instead, he took his hand and put it next to a patch of brown, dying grass. It took a few seconds, but the blades were soon green and springing to life again. Giving me a long look, he then straightened up, and snapped his finger. A small stream of water flowed from the grass to his hand, and he held it there, spinning the water into a tornado. "How much more do you need?" Now, I was baffled. After seeing this, I really had no reason to doubt it, right? Unfortunately, friends (oh wait, I can't say that. I have no friends), I was still a skeptic. So, I asked him one more question. It ultimately led to all of my near-death experiences. "If you're really my dad, then can I do this too?" "You already have, and you are right now." I looked down at my feet; a small circle of desert now surrounded me within a one foot radius. I couldn't help it, and I looked to the guy— Poseidon— for help. He laughed a little, rude, and rehydrated the area. I sighed, relieved. "Now, you will need training, and you will end up moving to Camp Half-Blood in New York." "What is this all about?" Raffi mumbled, closing the gate. I looked at him, waving him over, and he rubbed the sleep out of his eyes. "Apparently this is Poseidon and we're his kids. Demigods." "For real?" "I don't know. Sure seems like it so far." "Well, that might explain the excellent plumbing I do." He muttered. I laughed at this, and Poseidon gave me a curious look. I don't know what the man was thinking, trying to understand us, but clearly he was starting to doubt his decision too. I calmed myself— after a long time— and managed to look at him with a straight face, gesturing for him to continue. "We will also need to check to see what weapons you two will be using. Most of my children have used swords. However, you two…" He gave us a weird searching look. "Okay, so we move to New York and we completely start over?" "Exactly, Raffi." I would have to ask him about this strange calmness later. Raffi was taking the news oddly well, unlike I had. To be honest, though, it sounded like a dream. Leave this dump of a house, go to a completely new place and restart. I couldn't have cared if a giant mythical creature showed up and tried to kill me. Which, (not so) ironically, is what happened next. A giant crab, about the size of a large car, dug itself out of the dirt not even ten feet from me, and slashed its way through Poseidon, who liquefied and disappeared. Jerk. Thinking very instinctively, Raffi grabbed two sticks from the ground and whipped them at the crab. I braced myself to give the thing a good kick to the forehead… face… whatever the right word is. It cam scuttling toward me, and I ran right for it. Jumping as high as humanely possible, I landed on its back and rolled off behind it. So much for kicking it in the face. Raffi shouted for me to duck, and I did just as two more twigs came whizzing past my head and into the crab's legs. He must have hit a sweet spot or something, because one leg completely buckled. Maybe it was the annoyance we were causing, maybe it just got tired, but the crab didn't attack just yet, giving the oh-so-great Poseidon time to pop in and hand me a recurve bow with a full 12-arrow quiver. Rolling my eyes at him, I took the arrows and quickly nocked one. It flew straight and true, to use a stereotypical phrase, and hit the crab between the eyes. Poof. No more army sized crab rangoon. "Well, that was interesting." No kidding. I guess that was some sort of test, or something, because we were suddenly teleported to the entranceway of Camp Half-Blood. I kid you not (okay fine, I might be kidding a bit), it must have been some godly power. Or maybe my ADHD was just getting bad. Either way, Poseidon dropped us off, then disappeared. Great timing, because a giant scorpion decides to barrel me over just then. Thank god Raffi somehow managed to get his hands on a set of throwing knives, and we cleaned it up in about ten minutes. "Anyone up for lobster soup?" I called to the crowd. Because yes, a crowd had gathered. I got a few laughs, but there were too many people there to say it was any decent amount of laughter. Tough crowd to please, if I say so myself, but my opinion didn't count for too much there, did it? We stepped inside the border, and everything suddenly felt a lot better. Or should I say, more comfortable. I sighed, and relaxed. Murmurs spread like wildfire, and soon we were completely surrounded. "What's you name?" "Are those arrows made of Celestial Bronze?" "Where's the satyr who's supposed to be with you?" "Are you siblings?" "Whoa whoa whoa, let's give them time to answer one before shouting another." A voice boomed. "Chiron, who exactly are they?" Chiron. The mythical centaur. Not that I should have been surprised. "Let me through. Coming through. Thank you. Alright, thank you for quieting down." The crowd fell silent. "Welcome to Camp Half-Blood. Now, theoretically, there should have been a satyr here to guide you, but as Poseidon has personally delivered you here, well that shouldn't be an issue for now, until you go on other missions. I'm assuming you are Poseidon's charges?" I stifled a sigh, and nodded. The bow in my hand shook slightly with my hands. "Good. You can move into his cabin, right along the shore, with your counselor, Percy Jackson. Percy is, at best, an interesting boy. You should get to know him." Chiron looked over the tops of the students' heads for someone. I strained to see also, but being half horse has its perks. He easily signaled for someone to push through, and the crowd parted. "Percy, can you give them the tour?" A boy with messy black hair, around 18 or 19 years old, came through, looking up at Chiron. He smiled at me, and I half-smiled back. I guess he was the guy named Percy. Not that anyone else would have been. Wow, I'm getting rusty on my social skills. He beckoned to us to follow him, leaving Chiron to disperse everyone else. I feel bad for the centaur. "Okay, so since you two are children of Poseidon, that makes us