ONE "come on up dear" I woke up, cold sweat trickling down my fiery face. Breathing heavily, I looked around the dark, dusty, dirty room in which me, my sister, my mother and my cat, buttercup slept. The loud ticking noise of our rusty clock gave life to the deadly silence. Katniss lay silently asleep next to me, buttercup and my mother lay on the bed opposite. I slowly crawled out of the warm bed, into the cold, stale air. I crossed the small room, creaking on the floorboards as I went and crawled Into the bed next to my mother. Buttercup sprang into life and curled up next to me. I fell into a cold sleep feeling even less safe than before. I woke to my mother's cool, calm voice in the morning. The reaping. I started to panic, but my mom soon calmed me, and I managed to keep calm. Everything will be okay, Katniss will protect me. I noticed she had took the cheese I set out for her and felt better knowing that she would have known I loved her before she went out hunting. I was also pleased that she would probably share it with Gale. After a few hours of petting buttercup and finishing off stitching torn cloths and socks to make a blanket, I got washed from the big metal bucket my mother filled with about a quater of the hot water we would get that month. When mother came back from buying new socks, hair ties and pins from the hob for me and my sister, she produced a lovely white, ruffled blouse and black, pleated skirt. I slipped them on while my mother polished my good shoes. After that Katniss came hustling in with a sack full of game and strawberries while mother braided my hair in two plaits on either side. The cool breeze which swept through the door replaced the smell of dirty bathing water and shoe polish. It was a relief to see katniss didn't seem too worried about today. We all sat down to eat some of the food Katniss brought back, then she went to get changed. An hour later, she swanned gracefully down the stairs. She looked so beautiful. Her bluebell dress floated slightly in the fresh, cold breeze that entered still through the half open door. Her already naturally pretty face had been highlighted by some of my mother's rationed make-up, bringing out her warm ice eyes. Her pale skin shone, despite the dark, musky room. The little light that shone from the clouded sky outdoors barely made a difference. We set off for the justice building in silence after a very intense conversation about what to do when we got there. My ears fought a loosing battle with the whispering that hissed in the air. I could slightly hear my sisters' soothing voice over the uproar around me. She was telling me instructions of where to go when we get through the checkpoint. We made our way through the electric crowd, and left my mother somewhere near the gates to the big, old building. I chocked many times on the dust frkm the stampede. Girls screaming, boys taking care of their younger brothers and sisters, utter chaos around me- and after taking a good look round the rest of district twelve's population, i realised how brave my sister was. Even putting one step in front of another was becoming hard. We reached the entrance to the square the other children were standing. I watched a boy get pricked in the fingertip. Katniss told me it would be okay and we proceeded. A woman's voice spoke from begin her visor, "finger please" in a cold voice and grabbed my hand. The prick sent electricity up through my arm and goosebumps ran up my skinny arms and deep into my stomach. I could slightly hear my sisters attempts to calm me down, but the lump in my throat made it hard to talk- with one last calming squeeze, Katniss left me, alone. Suddenly I was surrounded by a sea of babbling girls shaking and red-faced, trying to fight the waves of sound in my own. I realised I wasn't the smallest there and felt my shoulders lift. Soon my body felt so numb, I felt like I was floating on water. I stood for what seemed like hours until I realised something had changed about my already hostile environment, every single girl and boy in the sea were pressing their gaze onto me, boring into every inch of my frozen flesh. The pressure became too much to handle. Everything around me was starting to fade into blackness, until I caught sight of two very familiar eyes; Katniss. She covered her mouth with her shaking hands and I could see tears streaming down her beautiful face. Oh how I wanted her beauty... I had just started to feel warm and safe again until the hungry-eyed sea parted, and there stood a pale woman. She pursed her pink lips and flapped her wing- like eyelashes. Her face almost looked like some twisted joke of a Halloween mask. She repeated "Primrose Everdeen, come on up dear". I almost laughed, was this a joke? Was I blocking out the sound too much, or was the crowd of menacing eyes silent? Before I knew, I was climbing the stone steps and paused at what seemed like my sisters voice... But from a distance. Soon I was watching her fragile body move shakily up to the stage, her beautiful blue dress floating in the breeze. A ringing in my ear snapped me into the real world- silent as it was. I realised what had happened and my sisters voice rang in my head, " I- I volunteer as t-tribute!". My body took over and soon I was kicking and screaming, clawing at my sisters dying footsteps... I felt hands on my shoulders and didn't bother to look round- I knew it was gale. I knew that because his hands were warm and gentile. She was disappearing into the distance. It took me a while to find my mother, but i found her near the back of the crowd, near collapse. I supported her and just as we stood properly, as one- the capitol security in white armour were taking a direct path through the fading crowd, now only stood gamblers taking their winnings or causing havoc in their drunken state. The Capitol officials finally led us to the old justice building where peeta Mellark's parents we being ushered into. I guessed it was his parents because they looked like him, but also there would be no other reason that this couple would be here, on this day, otherwise. We entered a big hall with a big pearl-coloured marble staircase, and golden trimmed walls, all of which were stained, rusty and severely damaged. Still supporting the shell of my mother, I climbed the steps, feeling like I was about to be sick. So far I hadn't had a chance to really take in what had happened over the past half hour, but one sound recalled everything over in my head. I could hear Katniss' voice, straining to speak with the lump in her throat, through one of the two doors. I looked blankly at the security guards black face shield and my knees threatened to give way with a big jolt. I stayed standing. Just then he muttered something through his visor, but I failed to hear what he said. I simply took the hint by his jab in my back that it was time. Then Suddenly, Gale bounded out of the big wooden door, gave me and my mother a sideways look and ducked his head down, and Continued walking. My mother gave another burst of unbearable screeching and continued to sob. As we started to walk the small distance of the short hall, I caught a glimpse of Peeta's parents coming out of the next room, the mother gave an evil look our way with her bloodshot eyes as she left through the door at the side of us,but the man stayed behind and sat on the bench on the other side of the narrow corridor, to where the white-armoured men surrounded him. We entered Katniss' room. I looked into her eyes and realised the full extent of this situation. Time stood still. After a minute or so, she ran towards me. At first I thought she was angry, and then she held me in a tight embrace and held me until my knees nearly gave way. She spoke to me Intensely but all I could focus on was her beautiful face. I still had the pin she gave me clutched in my free hand, I took her trembling hand and placed the ice cold metal mockingjay into her soft palm. She looked at it, and reluctantly took it. Then She talked to my mother who did not look in the slightest lime She had been crying, she stayed strong for Katniss. The image of my sister stayed in my confused head and as people grabbed my hands or gave a slight embrace, the salty drips continued to dry out my lips. All of a sudden I was alone again, amidst the lonely dust from the sea which had one engulfed me. Then i realised...My mother was gone. I found her some fearful twenty minutes later, thinking she had made a run for it, but i soon realised she had swanned off over to ripper for alcohol which was half gone by the time I found her in the corner of the square, singing a strange song about miners. Some of the lines I recognised as some of my father's. It took me a while to think of what to do, 'what would Katniss have done?', I asked myself. Katniss probably would have left her for dead, but this woman was the only hope I had... Without my sister, how was I to survive? I had to help her, otherwise I was digging my own grave. I crouched down next to her trembling body and realised how this must be effecting her. Katniss, gone, our father gone. Now she was left with a helpless little girl who owned a goat and barely earned enough money to buy grain. At that moment, my stomach did a summersault, it suddenly occurred to me that this could have been all my fault. I let Katniss go in my place, I hadn't fought enough and maybe she could be dead in a few weeks. Soon I had picked my mother up, feeling guilty, and walked her home and lay her down In her broken bed and kissed her goodnight. It was still light out but I felt an early night was in order. As I settled Into my own bed, which felt cold and dead as Katniss was not there, I thought about the confused events of the day, and slowly drifted off Into a restless sleep. When i woke,I stretched my fingers, searching for warmth, but I only found the rough surface of the canvas mattress. For a moment, I thought Katniss might have been next to me, and then a sickly feeling burst into my stomach. For a few moments I lay silent, trying to find a heartbeat, breathing- any sign of life next to me. Nothing. I sat up with my eyes closed, not wanting to reveal the truth to myself, and stroked the cold bed beside me. An eternity of cold canvas mattress. I wondered where she was at that moment. Would she still be on the train? Or was she at the Capitol? Images of her being shot in the chest with an arrow faded in and out of my mind, I felt near collapse at the thought. I got out of bed and looked around the dark room, the smell of damp clouding my mind even more. I