The 31 st Hunger Games A cold breeze begins to drift across the back of my body; I quickly startle out of my dream as if I had been falling and was about to hit the ground. I sit up slowly and my eyes are still tightly shut since I don't want to wake up to this day of the year. Today is the reaping day for the 31st annual Hunger Games. I slowly start to open my eyes taking in the brightness of my room, I look up and see this athletic blonde haired boy in the mirror and can't understand why this day makes me feel so weak. I notice that the window is still wide open with the curtains not drawn from last night and now I remember why; I decided to jump out my window and go for a walk in the middle of the night. During the night I put on my dark blue training jumpsuit and began running to the other side of my district not caring who saw me. This place on the other side of my district always makes me happy; it's the place where I met my best friend Blade. It is a hill full of brightly coloured flowers which remind me of my sister and how much of a smile they would bring to her face. I have a lot of friends in District 2 but none of them compare to Blade, he is a little taller than me at about 6'2 with short dark messy hair, every single one of the girls in the district fancy the hell out of him since he is mysterious, muscular and handsome. I am the only one who can understand him since he is a refrained person; just like me. He is the only person who I can tell everything to including my fear of the games, he always jokes and tells me "Don't be silly Cobalt, you're a career. Now act like one!" people would say he is being tough on me but this is his kind of humour and mine. We just laugh it off and imitate the host of the reaping, Techno and his dull voice "May the odds be ever in your favour". I stand up and go straight through to the bathroom so I can soak in the shower, my knees are shaking and slightly banging together which is frustrating me as I stop and start walking on the spot. I am the mayor's son so I always have to look 'presentable' wherever I go, but that isn't how I am. I eventually take good use of the shower and slowly wash through my blonde short wavy hair; getting rid of all the dirt which I gained from last night's hike. Thoughts run through my head for the rest of the shower about how I would feel if any more members of my family got reaped or if I lost Blade. I am brought to a sudden halt when there is a bang on the door, I realise it is one of the Avox's which my father hired to keep the house presentable. Since they can't speak I must assume that they are telling me breakfast is served in the hall, but I continue to ignore them and get on with my thoughts. Soon enough my thoughts are getting so emotional that my head feels like it's being hit from the inside; so I decide to step out and wrap a towel around my waist. Back in my room there is a blue tuxedo hanging on the back of the door, I was wrong about the Avox it was my father and his yearly gift of my blue suit representing the colour of my name. Every year I rebel against this suit and pick out a shiny black one from my wardrobe but this year something in my gut is telling me to wear it; the feeling in my gut is making me feel ill at the thought of being reaped but I decide to listen to it for once and wear the suit. I slip the suit on with ease and stand facing my mirror. I just stare at my rich blue eyes which were exactly like my mothers, it's beginning to overwhelm me as I can't stop staring and begin to notice tears creeping out the corners of my eyes. My suit starts to shine and I give a puzzled look as to what it seems to be doing, I feel the inside of the blazer grip tightly around my left arm and I give out a groan of panic. I slowly look back up at the mirror and take a close look into my eyes and the movement I make; whenever I move my eyes I notice that the suit is cloning the reflection of my eyes in the light which hits them. In my head I am thinking this is the most amazing invention I have ever witnessed until I hear a bang. I sharply look to my left and realise its Blade, I run towards the window and tell him to be quiet before my father comes. My father doesn't approve of my friendship with him since he is from the more rough part of our district, but my defiance gets the better of me (as usual). "Hey, well aren't you looking sharp there in that suit" he whispers loudly. "Ha! I know I told you I would never be seen dead in it but for some reason I feel the need to wear it. I can get you one to wear if you really want?" I say in a cheeky way. "Thanks, but no thanks I will stick to my dull black one. I feel this brings out my personality, don't you think?" I give off a smirk and help him into my room. He sits on my bed and start's rambling about how his father wants him to try and volunteer this year. I am trying so hard not to show my real emotion and opinion on this matter but he knows how I feel about the situation. "Cobalt, I know you don't like me telling you this information but I need you to know if I g-" "STOP THERE!" My voice raises to a shout now "I will not let you be reaped, someone out there would volunteer for you and if they never..." I pause for what seems like minutes "I would." My dad burst's into the room realising that Blade must be here since I shouted. "Blade, go back to your family, they must need you at this time. But please, take the front door. We don't want an injury especially on this day, do we? Cobalt, you are needed at breakfast please come sharply." My father leaves the room and the conversation has died now, I see Blade walking towards the window and I run to shut it. "Come on, my house isn't that bad I will walk you to the door". He just shoots me a grim look and storms ahead. I don't want Blade being mad at me, I care a lot for him and I wouldn't be able to live here without him. An Avox opens the door for Blade and I hear him whisper "Take care of Cobalt", as I run to hug him the Avox slams the door shut after him. I realise this must have been because I ignored the Avox this morning but by the time I open the door again, Blade has took off. I walk slowly towards the dining hall were my 2 brothers and father await me. On the long metal table I see my two brothers sat there munching away on some chocolate and fruit cereal. I don't feel in the mood for eating but I make a bowl of cereal and sit there playing with the milk; picking it up then watching it drip slowly back into the bowl. My oldest brother shoots me a look and shouts "If you aren't going to eat the food then give it to me! I could make use of more muscle". Emerald has always been one to eat lots of food and train hard to become a peacekeeper one day, and serve the capitol in whatever they need. I look up and see his suit shining in a dark metallic green and I instantly wonder if I look that good; I doubt it. My other brother Rust is the exact same as Emerald, it's not surprising since they are identical twins. Rust is wearing a light golden suit which makes me instantly jealous since I have always wanted the uniqueness which he has always had. After giving Rust evil looks for about 10minuites I stand up and hear the siren ring across the city. My father tells me to sit down and explains the plans for what is going to happen, he tells me that he will be on the platform of the justice building (as usual) with the other important city members; like our districts tribute mentors and that he will see us after the reaping is over. "Good luck boys, and may the odds be ever in your favour". I stand up and rush off towards the nearest bathroom, I stand and stare in the mirror to try and compose myself for the fear which is about to come. I leave the bathroom holding my head up high while ignoring the fact that my brothers are laughing at me at the front door. All three of us decide to walk to the reaping desk together, until my eyes notice him; Blade is stood on the other side of the dusty path. "You two go ahead I will see you there, good luck" my voice is starting to sound shaky; but they nod and move forward. I walk over to Blade and wrap my arms around him tight, tears spring to my eyes. "Stop being a wimp, you don't want to look weak as a career, jeez." I stand up and put on a brave 'soldier face' as we call it and he instantly laughs; since he knows I am nothing like that. We start to walk towards the justice building when I feel the roughness of his knuckles nudge against mine, something clicks inside me and I realise. I have feelings for Blade. Chapter 2- "What's the matter? Why did you stop? It isn't the whole pricking the finger panic again is it?" he moans. "Err, no. It's nothing; let's hurry up before they go mad that we are late!" I don't know why I have only just realised this now, I feel even worse about what the day is going to bring. What if he volunteers? What if I don't see him again? What if I die in the games and I never get to tell him how I feel? We stand in the line for the registration process and realise that Blade has a worried look on his face. I hope he isn't considering his dad's remark of him volunteering. I feel the sharp pain in my left ring finger and realise my registration is done. I follow Blade into the crowd and stand next to him as we stand in a crowd of other 17 year olds who are so ready to be reaped that their expressions never change; I just think, soldier face. You could hear a pin drop and I would be the only one to startle. I get told I am strange for not enjoying training and the chance of being part of these sick games; but I think they're the strange ones. The microphone booms as Techno takes the platform of the justice building "Welcome, welcome careers to the reaping of the 31st annual Hunger Games, we have a short clip from the Capitol; enjoy" He looks up towards the screen and so do the rest of the crowd