Chapter one Harry shivered despite the heat that had been building and building over the last few weeks. He knew that it wasn't a good sign, he had been working outside for nearly eight hours straight without water or food, come to think of it he hadn't had anything to eat in 24 hours and had only had a drink that morning from the bathroom taps when he had been let in to wash. He knew that something was wrong with the way the edges of his sight was blurring, the fact the heat no longer felt hot, his hands were trembling heavily – heck his whole body was trembling with exhaustion. "When I was sent to kill you I was expecting something of a good fight, but you look like you could be blown over by a light wind. What's going on pup?" the voice startled Harry, he sat up quickly before swaying and groaning as the blurring of his vision got worse and nausea hit him heavily. However he didn't need to see the person to know who it was, he recognised the voice from the attack on Hogsmeade half way through his fifth year...only six months ago. Fenrir Greyback was standing on the other side of the fence when he felt as though he could barely stand let alone fight. "Merlin's balls. Pup, look at me, fuck your burning up," Fenrir had vaulted over the fence and crouched down in front of Harry, trying to tilt Harry's face up but being startled by the heat coming off his face. "Just...do...it," Harry managed to get passed his dry throat. He could feel the heavy effect of his dizziness settling in and close behind it the welcomed unconsciousness. "Do what?" Fenrir frowned. Harry lifted his head and peered at Fenrir, focussing as best he could. "Kill. Me...Enough...had...enough...do...it," Harry choked out before he collapsed forwards. Fenrir stared down at the teenager in his arms shocked. He had come expecting a good fight before he killed the headstrong Potter boy, instead he came across him looking weak and broken, anything but the strong man he had watched fighting Voldemort in Hogsmeade, the man that had led the students. His last words were ringing in Fenrir's ears, his abused skin burning through both their clothes, his breathing was shuttered against Fenrir's neck. Looking down at the dark head resting against his shoulder Fenrir made a choice. When Harry woke up next he was shocked at the fact that he had actually woken up, what shocked him more however was the fact that while he was warm it wasn't the burning pain that he had felt for days before his unconsciousness caught him, his body didn't ache at all and he felt clean and comfy, it felt as though he had been eating good meals regularly rather than the biting hunger he always felt during the summer months. Slowly opening his eyes he was greeted with the view of a room lit by the setting sun, the orange hews lighting up the cream walls and dyeing them. The room while not decadent was definitely rich, a forest green carpet covered the floor, a large black marble fireplace had a cream leather sofa and matching arm chairs in front of it, the bed was a huge four poster that could probably sleep eight people comfortably in it, white hangings embroidered with black wolves matched the white quilt cover, however an emerald green silk throw covered him as well, matching emerald green cotton sheets and pillowcases that felt as though they might as well be silk. When he took stock of himself he found he was wearing grey silk pyjamas that were way too big for him but extremely comfortable. Sitting up cautiously he rubbed his head as it swam before slipping to the edge of the bed and getting to his feet slowly, using the post of the bed to steady himself as he swayed. With a lot of pauses against various objects in the room Harry eventually made it to the window in the room and peered curiously out at the wide fields, gardens and forest that surrounded the place he was in, everything was beautiful and well cared for, barley was waving in some of the fields and various different other crops were in the others. Harry hadn't seen this place before but it seemed to radiate a feeling of safety and home. "You are awake little one, I was getting concerned that you wouldn't," a rough, almost growl like voice spoke from behind him and he spun in fright to stare at Fenrir Greyback as his last memories shot into his mind. As well as fear, confusion spread through him, Greyback had been there to kill him or take him to Voldemort, so why was he healed and put in this amazing room? "What...what's..." Harry stammered before he swayed dangerously. In a flash of movement Fenrir was across the room and caught Harry before he could hit the floor, stooping he lifted Harry easily and carried him over to the fire so he could sit him in a large cream armchair. "Steady Little one, you have been out for nearly a week and had a lot of damage to heal, my healers will be tying you to the bed if you don't take it slowly. Here, drink this," Fenrir held out a cup that he had poured something into before sitting down on the sofa himself in a lazy sprawl. Glancing down curiously Harry blinked when he saw coke in the cup, looking up he found Fenrir sipping from his own cup happily. "Where am I?" Harry asked cautiously not sure whether his questions were welcome, immediately after he took a sip of coke as he realised how dry his throat was, mentally shrugging at the idea that there was poison in the drink, Fenrir could have done anything to him while he was unconscious. "You are at my home, my pack's home. I brought you here because you will be safe. No wizard can enter these premises without being escorted by a wolf of certain ranking from my pack," Fenrir explained. "Why?" Harry frowned. "I'm not the blood thirsty mindless fool that the wizarding world paint me for. A lot of wolves seek me out after they have been bitten and rejected by their human family – if they are lucky, others escape from where they have been abused and treated like a disgrace and an animal. I recognise the signs of abuse Little one, and I have no desire to harm an injured and emotionally weary warrior who has already won my respect. I am Voldemort's ally, not his lap dog. I can make my own decisions and I chose to bring you somewhere where you could be safe to recover," Fenrir spoke softly as though Harry was a frightened rabbit. "Could you answer a question for me though Little one, you have been driving myself and your carers mad with your scent. Why do you smell of wolf?" Fenrir looked so frustrated that Harry couldn't hold in his giggle. "I'm an animagus, my form is a wolf. I spend a lot of time in my animal form so I guess its become a part of my human form quicker than it normally would," Harry explained. "Ah thank you, you had Gwen searching you over three times looking for bite marks," Fenrir actually smiled at Harry causing him to blink and stare at the werewolf stunned. Fenrir was a large man, that was the first thought you had when you saw him, he looked around 6,6 and his shoulders easily matched his frame, his hands were large and his jaw line firm, long silvery hair fell about his face and contrasted with his golden eyes catching your attention secondly, the way he moved and held himself was pure predator and screamed power and confidence, his canine teeth were slightly longer and pointier than normal helping with his 'wild' look. But when he smiled his golden eyes glittered softly and predator, power and confidence turned into safety, protection and alpha. "I...erm...what happens now?" Harry asked softly. "Well, you have two choices really as far as I can figure out I'm afraid Little one. But before that know that you are welcome to stay as long as you need until you feel you have recovered, but once you leave it will be difficult for you to come back. Alright, firstly, you stay here, get yourself back together and I or one of my pack members take you to the nearest wizarding village where you can floo to wherever you need or want to go. Secondly, you can stay here, under my protection, I have a few wizarding werewolves that need teaching how to use their magic, productively at least, unfortunately I am one of the few wolves that has been to Hogwarts to get an education and regrettably I don't really have to temperament or the patience to teach them. Should you wish to remain here you could take up that teaching role as your place amongst the pack and live here as one of us. There are a few other humans and different creatures living with us so don't worry about being the lamb amongst the wolves," Fenrir grinned at his own joke. "You want me to teach your magical wolves how to use their magic?" Harry asked softly after thinking it over. "Yes, they need to be able to focus their magic and it will be helpful to the pack to have some members who can use magic to help protect us and things like that. Last time myself and the other few educated wolves tried we lost our tempers and they ended up in tears – we are all alphas, unfortunately that means we don't have the right attitude to sit and calmly and patiently teach them. Everyone provides some sort of help for the pack, this would be yours," Fenrir explained. Harry couldn't help but chuckle at the thought of Fenrir and a couple of faceless alphas sitting and trying to teach from text books. "Can I think about it?" Harry asked biting his lip unsurely. "Of course. This isn't a simple decision to make," Fenrir nodded. "Now, you can't leave these rooms for another day or so under healers orders, so I'll go and get us something to eat for now. You can meet the pack tomorrow," Fenrir smiled. "How...erm how big is your pack?" Harry asked curiously. "There are over one hundred and fifty of us all together, living in the mansion at the minute there are about one hundred of us. It varies from time to time, there were a lot of us living in our own homes but with the war they have all started coming back here for safety," "Safety?" Harry frowned. "The Ministry started arresting known werewolves once they knew Voldemort was back, Men, women, their children were dumped with anyone that would take them, which isn't very many people because they are wolves, or because they come from them," Fenrir sighed. "I didn't...they're keeping it quiet," Harry sighed. "Yes they are," Fenrir nodded tightly. "I will be back with food," He said before turning and leaving the room, anger clear in his shoulders. Harry sighed and dropped his head onto the back of the armchair as his brain tried to absorb everything that had just happened and he had just been told. Fenrir Greyback had not only chosen to spare his life when he had clearly come to kill him, but he had chosen to completely ignore his orders from Voldemort and he had rescued him. He had been brought to this beautiful manor and placed in this beautiful room, given healing and treatment. Fenrir did not appear to be the mad, slobbering, child biting/eating creep that the Ministry and Order had told him he was. Aside from being very