A.N I have started a Facebook account to keep you updated on where I am with my stories, give snippets of upcoming chapters, to share ideas and any suggestions or questions you guys want to ask. It's also for everyone to geek out. If you want to add me, please do, I am Destiny Slay, I have set it up as a personal account rather than a fan page. Harry sat on the massive bed and stared around the room he was in blankly. He was aware enough to realise that he had gone into shock, the numb feeling and heaviness around his limbs gave it away, the fog around his brain and the pressure in his chest. Not that he could really be blamed after everything that had happened in the last few hours. He was... He couldn't... He had been... So many people had lied to him. So many. People he had loved. People he had cared for. People he had trusted, after everything that had happened to him, he had actually trusted them. And they had lied to him, tricked him, used him. And now he was here. With people, he hated. With people that had tried to hurt him and harm him, repeatedly, in the past. People that had shown their dislike for him and everything he was over and over. He staggered to his feet with a gasp as breathing suddenly seemed to become much more difficult to do. The pressure on his chest was getting heavier. It felt like a dragon was sitting there now. He staggered a few steps in the massive room and dropped to his knees as he desperately tried to suck in breaths. He had been signed over to them. He had been given to them. And he was stuck in their manor, behind their family wards where they could do anything to him. He was going to be handed over to Voldemort, he was going to be tortured at the minimum. His life was over. He was a Malfoy. He was Draco's younger twin. Lucius Malfoy was his father. Narcissa his mother. Draco his brother. And they hated him. Lucius had tried to kill him. Draco hated him. He had heard the screaming and shouting when he had been shoved into this room and told that it was his bedroom. He was not happy. He had already lived in one house where he had known that he wasn't wanted by his family... Except they hadn't been his family had they. But he had known he wasn't wanted. And here he was in Malfoy Manor. And he had no idea what the hell they were going to do with him. Worst case he would be put on a silver platter and delivered to Voldemort for him to AK him. He could be tortured. They could use him before they killed him. That was more likely. His breathing slowed down as his brain focussed on that. It was much more likely. Use him against the light side. Get what they could from him, and use what had happened to rip apart the other set of people who had used him, and then he would be killed. He had been passed from the hands of one group of users to another. And who knew what they would do to him while they were using him. He was not the son that they wanted, the differences between him and Draco were glaring. Draco had been taught to speak properly, to be an Heir and Lord, he had been taught horse riding, etiquette, how to make speeches, laws, rules, how to act at parties and how to gain favour. Harry had been taught to cook, clean, garden, paint walls and fences, how to keep quiet and pretend he didn't exist, to wash and dry, to iron and mend. He could see in their eyes when they had come and taken him from the Dursleys. He had seen the judgment in their eyes. He was far from the son they wanted and expected. He had to find a way to get away and... what? They had taken his Gringotts key. He had to access no money, and even then, he had no idea what he would do. Where would he go. Back to the Order? To Dumbledore after everything that he had done. To the Weasleys after finding out what they had done? Hermione, same story. He couldn't escape into the muggle world. He hadn't had an education there since he was 10. He wouldn't be able to get a job doing anything but manual work, he wouldn't be able to afford anywhere to live. And anywhere he went in Wizarding Britain they would all be able to find him. Ad aside from that he had no idea how to do anything in the Wizarding world either. Were there estate agents here? Would he be able to buy a house as a minor? He dropped his head onto the floor as tears finally overwhelmed him. Sobs wracking through him as he realised just how stuck he was. He had nothing, he could do nothing. Once again, he had no control over his life, and was stuck waiting to see what others would decide what to do with his life. Lucius slammed the door open the next morning startling Harry awake from where he had fallen asleep on the floor, crying himself to sleep. He blanched and drew into himself when Lucius looked down his nose at him, clearly not happy with finding him as he did. "I was not aware that your intelligence was so little that you were no aware what a bed was! And Malfoy does not sleep on the floor! You will shower, thoroughly and get that muggle stench off of you. And will change into appropriate clothing. You are going to have to wear Draco's robes for now, someone will be coming to fit you into proper clothes," Lucius drawled, his eyes sharp as he looked at him. "Well? Shower!" He grit out as though Harry were completely thick. "I... I don't know where the shower is," That clearly defined for Lucius just how thick Harry actually was as with an impatient sigh he pointed to a door at the far side of the room. Scrambling to his feet he rushed to the room. Shutting the door quickly behind himself. "Don not slam doors!" Lucius shouted from the other room. Trembling slightly Harry stared around the massive bathroom he was in. It was easily as big as the down stairs of the Dursleys house, with a separate shower stall and a massive sunken bath that was more like a swimming pool. He was not really sure he wanted to strip off and leave himself more vulnerable than he already was. But at the same time the thought of getting to shower for the first time in a week did sound good. And he did not want to risk angering Lucius, the look in his silver eyes lingering in Harry's mind. One look at the shower however had tears filling his eyes again. He had no idea how the hell to even turn the damned thing on! There was a soft pop behind him and a House Elf appeared holding a bundle of robes in his hands. "Master is being asked me to bring these to you. You are requested to put them on once you are finished," The House Elf squeaked. "Wait please!" Big eyes turned even bigger at the please, and the House Elf stared at him stunned. "I don't know how to turn the shower on, and he will be angry with me if I have to ask. Do you know how to do it?" Harry asked softly. "Of...of course young master here. You turn this, and tap this with your wand, this adjusts the heat, left for cold, right for hot. When you are finished tap this again," The House Elf explained for Harry. "Thank you," The House Elf made a shocked noise and popped out. The shower was wonderful, nothing but the best of course. And Harry made sure to scrub himself properly before finally stepping out, turning the shower off as he had been instructed. The robes were far too wide and long on him, and he looked ridiculous once he had finally managed to get into the and do up all the ridiculous buttons and fastenings. Taking a breath, he yanked all the Gryffindor courage that he had to himself and opened the door to go back into the bedroom. Only to let out a cry of dismay and run across the bedroom to snatch his photo album from Lucius. The man had emptied out his trunk all over the floor and seemed to be putting things in a keep and get rid of piles. Needless to say, the get rid of pile was larger. "What are you doing these are my things!" he cried. "These are not suitable for a Malfoy they will be taken and replaced with suitable objects. That needs to go as well!" Lucius went to take the album from Harry but he pulled it against his chest dodging back. "No! These are all I have of my pare..." He stopped himself as he realised what he was about to say. Lucius obviously realised though, and his eyes flashed dangerous. "They were not your parents! You will never speak of them as such again! Now hand it to me!" "No!" Harry couldn't explain it but dozens of reasons were going through his head as to why he wanted to keep it. Firstly, being that for so long it had been so important to him, despite everything that happened to him it did not change that it had gotten him through some tough times, he wasn't ready to give it up. It had been a gift, a kind and thoughtful gift from Hagrid, who he did not believe knew what had happened, he had done something sweet for him, something no one else had thought to. He also wanted to go through and look at the picture of his...James and Lily, Sirius and Remus, of Hermione and Ron and the other Weasleys and figure out if he had missed something in their faces. Something that should have told him. Something he had to have missed. He cried out in pain as Lucius sent and incendio at the album and the thing lit up like kindling. Flames biting his wrist and cheek. He dropped the album quickly and watched it go up in flames, eaten by the powerful spell. He looked up when Lucius stepped towards him with his hand outstretched, something in his eyes Harry didn't recognise. He jerked back, holding his arm tightly to himself scared at what the other man would do next. Lucius stopped short and his face went blank again. "The robes are too long on you," "I'm smaller than Draco," Harry said softly. "And do you not know magic! Can you not perform a fitting spell!" Lucius snapped. Harry froze and stared at the man not sure what to do to get him into the least trouble. "You do not! Oh for Merlin's..." He performed the spell himself as Harry lowered his eyes. "Thank you," He said softly. "That is a spell you should know yourself, you will learn it! Follow me," Lucius spun and left Harry no option but to follow him. The halls were endless and he despaired of being able to find his way around. If he would even be allowed to move around by himself. It wasn't very likely. They walked into a dining room where Draco and Narcissa were already seated, and Blaise Zabini. They all turned to look at him when he walked in, and he could see from Draco's face that he was far from happy about this situation. Join the club, he thought sadly. "Sit down," Narcissa motioned to