Harry stared out at the frosted lawn as he wrapped his arms around his legs and tugged his cloak tighter around himself. It was early in the morning but he couldn't sleep, his thoughts were locked on the trial that was coming up, his first trial. He had had a nightmare again, another one about the face that he was taking part in a tournament that was well known for causing deaths and he was three years younger than the other participants. Luckily it was the start of the weekend so he didn't have to worry about suffering through lessons while sleep deprived. The winter was coming in early this year and Harry was enjoying the clearing quality of the cold air when a figure plopped itself down next to him. "What are you doing out here Harry, it's half seven in the morning," Fred asked concerned. It was one of the few times that he had seen one of the twins so serious, his face was set and his blue eyes worried. "Just thinking, or trying not to," Harry chuckled humourlessly. "How long have you been out here?" Fred pushed. "Don't know, since I woke up, it was still dark," Harry shrugged. Fred reached out and touched his cheek before cursing loudly. "Harry your bloody frozen, come on you can think in front of the fire!" Fred said as he bodily yanked Harry to his feet and started tugging back towards the castle. "Why are you up Fred?" Harry asked confused as he allowed the twin to tug him towards the castle. "What did you call me?" Fred frowned stopping and turning to stare at Harry. "Fred...I was pretty sure it was you...yeah it is you," Harry looked closer before nodding and stepping back. "But how do you know? No one knows how to tell the difference between me and George, even mum bloody struggles most of the time!" Fred grabbed the top of Harry's arms and stared down at him intently. Harry was stunned at the outburst and blinked up at him. "I... I don't know...you're just different," Harry stammered not sure what to do with this suddenly very, very serious Fred Weasley. "How?" Fred pushed giving Harry a light shake. "You...you're the quieter one, more thoughtful, George is the louder one and more confident. You're slightly broader than George, he's a tiny bit taller, your eyes are slightly greener blue, George's are bluey blue," Harry rambled. "You really can tell us apart," Fred said softly. "Y... yeah...I'm...sorry?" Harry offered shakily, completely confused now. He wasn't entirely sure that he wasn't still dreaming. "No... Merlin Harry, don't be sorry I'm just shocked. Harry you're the first person since we were born to be really able to tell us apart and it not to be a partial guess. How come you haven't told us before?" Fred asked softly as he loosened his grip. "I didn't tell you specifically but I've called you by your names individually," Harry shrugged. "You...you're right, but always when we were bloody together idiot!" Fred sighed as he started tugging Harry again. "It's a bit difficult when neither of you are very far from the other," Harry huffed. Fred chuckled and pulled him closer to his body, winding his arm around Harry's shoulders. "Fair enough. Bloody hell Harry, you really are freezing, you're going to make yourself ill," Fred frowned remembering why he was dragging Harry inside. "I just lost track of time, didn't really notice how cold I was," Harry shrugged. "What's weighing so heavily on your mind that you didn't notice when your body temperature dropped below freezing?" Fred asked slightly angrily as he wrapped his cloak and arm around Harry's slender body and then picked up the pace. "Ron..." Harry sighed eventually. "Ron, Harry my little brother is an idiot of the highest degree," Fred shook his head. "But he doesn't mean it?" Harry part asked part stated. "Oh no he bloody means it and that makes it all the worse. He's so bloody obsessed with what the rest of us have done and who we are that he isn't actually trying to find his own niche. He's a complete and utter jealous twat and pathetic at the same time. He's my younger brother and I love him, but Merlin I really don't like him sometimes. Bill and Charlie only met you this summer and they knew that you didn't put your name in that damned cup. The fact that Ron threw his toys out the pram is bloody typical of him, the time when you really needed him to be around and he was too busy sulking and pouting over how unfair his life is!" Fred ranted until he was tugging Harry up the steps to the front door. "I... that's kind of going through my mind yeah. It's not just him though, it's most of the school," Harry frowned to himself, unconsciously snuggling closer to Fred. "Oh! There you are, you found him thank Merlin!" Harry looked up to see George racing across the Entrance Hall to them. "You were looking for me specifically?" Harry asked looking up at Fred confused as George reached them. "Yeah, Neville woke and found you missing, he didn't know what to do but didn't want to wake Ron so he came and woke us. Good guy that one, he's searching for you as well," Fred explained. "Bloody hell Harry, you're frozen! Come on, we need to get you to the kitchen and get something warm in you!" George cursed as he touched Harry's cheek. Before he knew what was happening he found himself squashed between the twins and walked quickly to the kitchens. George had him in front of the fire and started rubbing his hands while Fred turned to the house elves. "Could one of you get one hot chocolate and two teas for us please, and some soup and could one of you go find Neville Longbottom, he should be searching around the castle. Tell him we found Harry and for him to go back to bed, everything's ok," Fred requested. The two house elves bowed before hurrying away to do as they were asked. "What the hell were you doing outside long enough to get like this Harry?" George asked concerned as he now stuffed Harry's hands underneath his armpits to try and warm them up. "He was brooding over our prat of a brother," Fred grumbled before Harry could respond as he started tugging off Harry's shoes and rubbing his feet ignoring Harry's protests. "Well as Percy isn't here anymore, that means Ron. Has the idiot said something else? I thought he had moved onto silent treatment at least!" George scowled "He's not said anything more, just his natural state of pratishness," Fred snorted. "Guys?" Harry interrupted. "Sorry Harry," Fred grinned sheepishly. "I would say that you should have made friends with Neville rather than our little prat, but then we wouldn't have gotten you so..." George grinned and shrugged removing Harry's hands and giving them one last rub before settling into a seat opposite him and sorting out the tray of drinks and soup the House elf had brought. "Hey Georgie, I found out something interesting about our Harry," Fred grinned as he sat back as well before taking his tea and soup bowl. "Oh, what's that?" George asked looking between them curiously, even more so when Harry blushed. "Harry can tell us apart, no guessing, he actually knows who's who," Fred chuckled when George's eyes grew wider and he looked at Harry stunned who now seemed to be finding his hot chocolate very interesting. "You can tell us apart? How...are you being serious?" George frowned at Fred who smiled. "Apparently, I'm the quieter more thoughtful one while you're more outgoing and the first in there, I'm broader while your slightly taller and my eyes are slightly greener while yours are bluer," Fred recited. "You can really tell us apart?" George asked Harry who nodded, feeling his cheeks get even redder. "Y... yeah, since before my second year when I stayed at the Burrow," Harry explained. "Come to think of it, you look at us specifically when you say our names. I'm just so used to everyone saying both our names or just calling us the twins didn't really pick up on it...wow...it feels odd," George grinned. "Yeah, I think I might have gotten a little over excited when Harry told me and scared him," Fred said softly glancing at Harry apologetically. "No, it's alright, just didn't know if I had upset you or something," Harry shrugged before sipping his hot chocolate. "Definitely not upset, especially not with you being able to tell us apart," Fred smiled. Harry blinked at him, confused about the emphasis that he had placed on the word you. "Have your soup Harry. What happened to drive you outside at stupid o'clock in the morning exactly?" George asked. "It was nothing," Harry shook his head. "Harry, you don't sit outside freezing your cute little arse off for nothing, what happened?" Fred pushed. "It's not fair when you tag team me!" Harry grumbled. "Don't tempt us," George muttered making Harry frown confused before Fred took his attention. "What happened Harry?" "Seamus made a comment last night about me being an attention seeker, and I heard him and Ron laughing about how I probably wouldn't even make it through the first trial anyway. I... I had a nightmare," He flushed embarrassed at having to admit it. "Hey, hey, have you been having a lot of nightmares?" Fred moved to kneel in front of him, brushing his fingers through Harry's hair so he could see his eyes despite Harry still staring determinedly at his lap. "I..." "Harry," George's tone was shockingly stern as he knelt down next to Fred. "Yes...I know what the first task is," Harry said quietly. "What?" Fred took his hand startling Harry enough to look up and find concern in their eyes. "Dragons, I have to get passed dragons," Harry felt sick saying it out loud. "What?! Have you got a plan? Do you know what you're going to do?" Fred demanded. "We will come up with something, a plan," George nodded. "I have a plan," Harry licked his lips. "I'm going to summon my broom and fly. If I can get the summoning spell to work," He added gloomily. "Ok, we have two days until the trial, we will help you," Fred nodded. "What?" Harry blinked. "Harry, we have been summoning things from under mum's beady eyes for years, summoning charms we can do in our sleep," George smirked. "And we will do a little flying training, dodging and manoeuvring," Fred nodded. "Guys..." Harry looked between them. "Hey, you will be fine. Now, come on, Fred will take you to the dorms and you can get ready for the day, I will go set up the classroom, we will get a little practice in," George touched Harry's shoulder before standing and striding out the room. "Fred," Harry looked at the remaining twin confused. "Did you really think we wouldn't help you. Come on, shower, dress and then practice," Fred tugged Harry to his feet before leading the way out the kitchen, trailing a very confused Harry behind him. "I think I'm getting it!" Harry said brightly as they walked down the stairs. "You are definitely getting better and better," George grinned wrapping his arm around Harry's shoulder. "You managed to start summoning it in a few hours, a little longer and you will be sorted," Fred nodded wrapping his arm around Harry from the other side. "Thank you, guys, I haven't felt this confident that I might survive since my name came out the Goblet," Harry said sincerely. "Hey Potter! Potter. Potter stin..." The Hufflepuff, one of Cedric's friends Harry thought, who had been pointing to his badge started spluttering as the quick spell from George had the badge flying up his nose,