Disclaimer: I do not own. Or make any money from this fic. Chapter one It is with shock and confusion that this reporter informs the wizarding public that despite all expectations to the contrary Lucius, Narcissa and Draco Malfoy have walked away from their trial completely free. During this war Lucius, Narcissa and Draco's involvement in the war has not been kept secret. Lucius Malfoy was arrested for breaking into the Ministry of Magic with other Death Eaters and dressed in Death Eater robes, leading the attack on the at the time 15 year old boy-who-lived and his closest friends. Lucius Malfoy went to Azkaban for his actions only to be broken out a year later. Draco Malfoy was known to be on the Astronomy tower with Albus Dumbledore, Severus Snape and other Death Eaters the night that Albus Dumbledore was murdered, speculation has even arisen that Draco Malfoy was the one that was supposed to kill Dumbledore. Draco Malfoy's position as a Death Eater was also never in question during this war. Narcissa Malfoy likewise was a presence throughout the last year of hell as a Death Eater. And yet despite all this evidence and witnesses that gave evidence that they were Death Eaters, the Malfoy family solicitor Mister Nigel Blackcreep managed to put together an amazing defence for them, proving that they had never once been seen casting any long lasting harmful curses, never once had been seen casting an unforgivable and put together the defence that they had acted as they had out of fear not for their own life individually but for the lives of their family members. However the nail in the coffin for the people that wanted to see Lucius, Narcissa and Draco Malfoy in prison came with the arrival of THE most unexpected and shocking character witness FOR the family. It was with some smugness and knowledge that he had won that Mister Nigel Blackcreep called to the stand Mr Harrison James Potter, the boy who lived, chosen one and defeater of you know who. This reporter can tell the readers that the stunned silence was so loud in the court that Mr Potter's footsteps fairly rang out as he walked to the stand. Dressed in fine wizarding robes and looking every inch the Lord of one of the Ancient Houses Mr Potter took to the stand. To say that confusion was running through the court by this point would be an understatement. The rivalry between Mr Potter and Draco Malfoy has been well known throughout our world with Draco Malfoy providing damaging interviews about Mr Potter during their fourth and fifth years at Hogwarts. Lucius Malfoy was known to lead the attack in the Ministry of Magic that ended in the death of Sirius Black, Mr Potter's beloved godfather. And so the court was understandably confused as to why Mr Blackcreep who had so far put forward a good defence for his clients to get them a minimum sentence would call forwards Harry Potter as a defence. And then Mr Potter proceeded to defend the Malfoy family in front of a completely shocked court. He filled the court in on how he had overheard Draco Malfoy talking to a trusted fried about how he was terrified that his mother would be killed if he did not kill Albus Dumbledore, he informed the court of how Draco Malfoy had been unable to commit the act of murder when he had the chance. Mr Potter also told the court how when he and his companions of the last year Hermione Granger and Ronald Weasley were captured while they were on their mission and taken to Malfoy manor, Draco despite clearly recognising him through the stinging hex Miss Granger had cast to conceal Mr Potter's identity, did not give him away. He then went on to inform the court of Narcissa Malfoy's act of bravery, how when she had been sent to check his pulse after you know who had hit him with the killing curse for the second time in his life she had lied and told you know who and the Death Eaters that Harry Potter was dead. Allowing him time to recover and act out his plan to destroy you know who for good. This action was at great risk to herself and her husband, who would no doubt have been killed for the treachery. And finally Mr Potter spoke on behalf of a visibly stunned Lord Malfoy, while having not committed any such redeemable actions as his wife and son had Mr Potter urged the court to understand the fear that Lord Malfoy must have felt towards his own life but more importantly his families lives. Mr Potter pointed out that the Malfoy family motto is 'Family First' and that without a doubt this is what he believed Lord Malfoy had tried to do, protect and guard his family from a mad man as best he could. Putting himself through torture and even being imprisoned so that he could protect them as best he could. Looking straight at Lord Malfoy Harry Potter spoke the words that shook the court and undoubtedly assured the three their freedom. He told the court that he forgave the family for all previous actions, that he understood in hindsight why they had committed them and that in a form he respected and admired they for the love, loyalty and utter devotion that they had displayed to one another in a time of fear, pain and uncertainty. It did not truly come as a shock to the court therefore when the Wizengamot declared that the Malfoy family were free of charges of being Death Eaters and were free to return home immediately. Mr Potter left the court long before any reporters could get to him, staying only long enough to hear the result of the Malfoy families trial. A month later… "Master, Harry Potter is in the apparation room for you," The House elf squeaked bowing politely as it popped into the breakfast room causing the fifteen of them to freeze before looking at each other completely stunned. "Harry Potter? Your sure?" Samuel asked shocked. "Yes Master, that's what he said his name was," The house elf bowed. "Invite him here for breakfast," Marcus said peering over the top of his news paper. "Grandfather, I'm not sure that's the best idea," Lucius argued hesitantly. "Nonsense, it is breakfast time and we are eating so it is only polite to ask our guest to join us. Plus we have not had a chance to thank you young man for what he did, now bring him here Tiddy," Marcus commanded. "Grandfather I seriously doubt Mr Potter will be comfortable eating with us," Lucius sighed. "Then we will have to make him comfortable dear," Carina chuckled. They sat in a hesitant silence for the next few minutes until Tiddy walked back into the room with Harry Potter following hesitantly behind, visibly tensing at the sight of them all sitting there looking back at him. "Mr Potter, welcome to Malfoy Manor. You of course know my wife and son. This is my Grandfather Marcus Malfoy, my mother Carina, my great-uncle Samuel and his wife June, their son Marcus and his husband Leandre, their children Orlandus, Tiberius and Phoenix. And this is my brother Gregory, my youngest brother Mikhail and his wife Julia," Lucius stood and made the introductions slowly going around the table, each Malfoy nodding to his or her name. "As my grandson said Mr Potter welcome to Malfoy manor. We all owe you a big thank you for what you did for my grandson, granddaughter and great grandson," Marcus struggled to his feet with his walking stick and walked over to Harry who hurried to meet him. Marcus despite his wrinkles and the fogginess to his grey blue eyes looked just like Lucius, only older with white hair. "Thank you for your welcome sir, it's nice to meet you. And I only did what was right," Harry said quietly blinking when the old man laughed amused. "I apologise Mr Potter but considering your fame it is hard to believe the rumours of how humble you are, however meeting you I can see it is all true. Not a lot of people would have done what was right after everything that has happened to you and what my grandson, granddaughter and great grandson have put you through," Marcus chuckled patting Harry's shoulder as the teen turned bright red. "Potter," Draco said hesitantly as he walked over to them. Marcus gave his great grandson a reassuring nod. "Yes?" Harry met Draco's eyes unsurely. "I…I would like to say thank you very much for everything you did, for saving me at Hogwarts and for speaking up for my parents and me at the trial, you didn't have to do that, I owe you so much more than my thanks," Draco said honestly. Amused they watched Harry's blush returning. "I meant what I said at the trial, I admire the choices you made in respects for the loyalty and love that you showed each other, you made bad choices, but for the right reasons. There's nothing to thank me for," Harry said softly looking at the floor embarrassed. "There is everything to thank you for. After everything that you have been through because of the dark side, because of our family for you to sit down and try and understand why we did what we did, and then to actually forgive us enough to speak for us. And not only that but you freed us as well as everyone else from that madman," Narcissa spoke gently as she cupped Harry's face much to his clear shock before pressing kisses on either cheek and giving him a light hug. "Of the three of us I have done you the most damage, and for that I can never apologise enough. I do not believe you will know, but to purebloods children are one of the greatest gifts, be they our own or someone else's, a magic child is sacred. And that includes blood difference. I wish that I had never had to treat you, scare you, harm you as I have over the years. And I truly and honestly mourned the death of Sirius and the pain you clearly felt at his loss. I would have completely understood if you had not spoken for me, I was expecting you speak on my wife and son's behalf when our solicitor informed us you were speaking for us. I do not deserve your kindness or forgiveness, but I will prove that you were not mistaken to do so," Lucius's voice the most open and relaxed Harry had ever heard it, warm and honest instead of his usual cold drawl, he stayed at an acceptable distance from Harry clearly unsure that he would want him near to him. Harry thought over his words before meeting his eyes again. "My dad died giving his life for my mum and me, what you did was not that much different. I cannot understand some of the things you have done, and yes while I may have forgiven your actions towards me in the past it will be harder to forget them, but I believe you will show you are different now that you have the chance to. May…may I ask you something though?" Harry asked unsurely flicking his eyes away before looking back. "Of course," Lucius nodded. "If children are so sacred, why did you put that diary in Ginny's cauldron?" Harry asked in a rush, as he finished and saw Lucius's face tightening wondering whether he was about to be chucked out on his ear. "I admit that was a rather foolish mistake on my part. The Dark Lord gave the diary into my father's keeping, when they were younger. When he died naturally it passed to me. I forgot about it until Draco's…and your first year. I spent nearly