Hey There and thanx for trying this story :) I want to remind you that I only write as a hobby, I am not even near a professional writer AND my native language is NOT english, so you will most likely find MANY mistakes in this story. And I WON'T be angry if you give me some critic, please. And then, this story does NOT contain any lemons in it (probably). This is rated M purely for VIOLENCE and TORTURE in many different ways. Mental and physical torture, so if you are can't read those kind of things, DON'T read the story itself. BE WARNED . I mean, I am underage and I read M-rated stories just fine, so it is UR responsibility. Or do u want me to warn u before those scenes so that u can skip it? Tell me if u do, I can make that happen. And then the last thing: While this story contains LITTLE bit of romance, this is NOT anything lovey-dovey. I just thought that I might add some of it in the story, so it won't be as simple or boring as it might be. But again: tell me if u think otherwise. I might re-think how my story will go on. Isabella is 12 year old in this chapter but she will get older, trust me! 1: Don't leave me here I did feel weird that day. Like something bad was bound to happen. I felt sick and didn't feel like getting out of my bed, but at the same time I felt like I had to run away from here and never come back. So I forced myself out of the bed and began to start my daily routine. I saw my leonberger (if someone doesn't know, it's a dog breed. A really HUGE one) Donna sleeping next to my feet in my bed. Mom always says I shouldn't let her sleep in my bed. That it means she disrespects me or some shit. I don't honestly really care. I loved and spoiled my dog. She was my best and the most trustworthy friend I have ever had. She was like my guardian too. I tapped Donnas butt three times to signal that I was getting up. I always did that before I got out of the bed. Eventually Donna learned it and now days she jumps down from my bed before I do. Today was no exception. She jumps to the floor wagging her tail and sits down, waiting for me to get dressed. I smile at her enthusiastic personality. She was still young, only one and half year old and completely trained by me. Mom didn't believe that I would really spend time with Donna, so she set up a rule: if I would not spend time with Donna, no one would, meaning that she would become what people call 'crazy, badly behaving dog'. But mom was wrong. I almost left all my friends to spend time with Donna. So I wasn't so well-socialized, but Donna was truly well-trained. She had to be, if the dog would have decided that she wouldn't listen to anyone, there was no stopping her; she weighted more than 55kg and her height was 74cm! The dog was HUGE. I throw my blanket off of me and stand up, stretching and yawning after 7 hours of sleep. It was actually a great wonder that I had slept that long. I'm usually not sleepy, so I can manage with small amount of sleep. But I did love to sleep; I thought that it was the only time I could relax. I opened my door after getting dressed. Donna ran down the stairs and I followed soon after her, walking. I let Donna to the back yard and let her stay there while I went to bathroom and ate breakfast. After I let Donna come inside again, her paws were all muddy, leaving dirt marks on the floor. Great, I was the one who had to clean that… The house was completely empty. Mom was at work and all my siblings were either in school or in daycare. I had three brothers; 17 year old Jake, 14 year old Jar and 2 year old Sammy, and one sister; 4 year old Lee. So people can imagine how I enjoyed the silence, while my bad feeling wasn't gone yet. I wanted to skip school because while the time went on and on, my bad feeling grew and grew. But I knew dad would come home any minute and my bad feeling wasn't really good enough reason to be away from school, so I forced myself to get out waiting for the bus. The bus was late as usual which meant I was going to be late for my lesson, again. I had math and I came seven minutes late. The teacher didn't really care anymore since I have explained my situation to him a couple of times and I came late to his every morning class. "The same reason?" my friend Beth asked me after I took my seat next to her and opened my text book. Beth was one of the few good friends I had. 'Good friend' because she was one of the people who still cared and kept touch with me even when I stopped doing so myself, mostly because I was with Donna. Another ones of those 'good friends' were Mary, Kathy and North. I loved them all even if I had problems with showing it. I can't make friends very easily. I have a bad attitude, am very cold even to people who are close to me, I curse a lot and am still quite shy, especially around people I do not know. These qualities of mine usually chase people away from me. I don't mean to mean or nasty. I somehow just always end up with hurtful or vicious comments when people ask something from me or talk to me politely. I myself don't like it, so I can only imagine how the people the comment is for react. The people who are closest to me, though, know that I don't always mean what I say. "Yeah", I answered Beth shortly. She always asked that question when I came to class. Beth looked at me carefully before changing her attention back to the teacher. I was good at school. I had a lot of free time so I studied a lot too. And I liked math so even if I say so myself, I was good at it. That is why I didn't ever pay close attention in the classes. At first this annoyed my teacher. He was always sending me short glances, ready to nag about my lack of presence. After he saw my grades thought, he shut himself up. This time too, I didn't pay attention to what teacher was telling to everyone and just dozed off. When I felt that someone was about to touch me I turned my head very quickly and grabbed that persons hand roughly. After I saw that it was only Beth, I visibly relaxed myself and let her hand go. "You should really get rid of that people-fear of yours", Beth said quietly after a long silence. She was always somewhat scared of me when I acted like that. "It is going to cost you somehow one day." "I don't really care Beth", I answered coldly while looking out of the window, never meeting her eyes directly. I hated to make eye-contact with people. I guess that Beth figured that I'm not in a really great mood today, because she left me alone after hearing my answer. But what Beth said was right. I did fear people. Even if I would try to deny it, it was the cold, hard truth. I didn't really even know the reason for my fear, nor if it was really fear I truly felt. I just felt really uncomfortable when people touched me or paid attention to me, hated it even. I was invisible to everyone and I liked it that way. Someone might think that it is lonely, but I liked to enjoy only my own company. Once the teacher announced that the class was over, I was already half way leaving, shooting myself out of the door. I had to prepare myself for next lesson. My bad feeling only got worse thorough out the day. I felt like puking and my hands were starting to shake. I had to go home. I just wouldn't survive the whole day at school. I called mom, but she didn't pick up. Neither did dad, so I just decided to go home without asking for their permission. Oh well, it's easier to ask forgiveness than permission. I got out of school doors and began to walk to the bus-stop. When the bus finally came – late again – it was totally empty and thus painfully silent. No one was singing or spreading rumors that some other chick would tell to her own friends. Usually I hated that kind of things, but today I somehow needed something normal. Something that would assure me that this day was like any other day. I watched the outside scene out of the window and lost myself in its beauty. It was snowing again. The beautiful, white and fluffy small snowflakes fell down slowly from the sky. The ground was pure white – untouched, but the trees were dark green behind the field. It was autumn and this was the second snow this year. This scene was something I would consider as peaceful, something that many city people forgot. I saw that my stop was nearing so I straightened myself up and pushed the stop button. The bus stopped at the next stop and I thanked the driver and got out. Next was the 1km walk to home. My family and I lived in the middle of nowhere. The nearest food shop was 5km away and my school was 10km away from here. We didn't even have any neighbors! To tell you the truth, I hated to live here. I just always decided to be a good girl and say nothing about it. My brothers did the whining even for me thought. They hated to live here too, but unlike me, they had no problem saying it. And thanks to that, my brother and mom had a screaming contest at least once a week. Somehow when I walked to home I felt more and more like turning around and running away, which was confusing to me because I was going home. It's good to be home, feeling Donna's warm fur when she welcomes me home and greeting my parents the first time today. That was all good… Right? I finally made it to my home's door step. Our home was a big beige detached house and it had two stores. I loved the house I was living in, just not the place it was built at. I opened my locked door and got in. I frowned little for the locked door. Why was it locked? Mom and dad should be home already, considering that their cars were parked at the front yard. And they both said that they would come home early. "I'm home!" I yelled when I saw that Donna still hadn't come to welcome me like she usually does. Now I was scared . What the hell is going on? I walked slowly to the living room. This situation was sending me shivers all over my body. This is awful… I'm scared in my own home! "Welcome home, darling", someone said in the living room. A voice I didn't recognize. I walked a bit forward towards the living room and saw something I didn't wish to see in my whole life time. Our big, pure white carpet in the living room was soaked from blood. And in the middle of the