Hello there. So this was just an idea I came up with a awhile ago and because I know that whenever I try to write a chapter story, I won't finish it and then I end up removing them. So I made a One-Shot! Now I don't have to worry about never finishing this because it's already finished! :) IMPORTANT BACKGROUND KNOWLEDGE: So Bella doesn't know about the La Push wolf pack. The Cullens are vampires and the pack exists but Bella just had no knowledge about them. Jacob phased a bit later in this story than in New Moon. Bella has never met Paul. Edward did leave but didn't try to commit suicide but just came back instead. That should be all the important stuff I guess... Enjoy! My Silent Source of Strenght Bella walked the rocky forest path, fuming. She couldn't in her right mind understand how Edward thought that he could control everything she said or did. She was her own person, God-dammit, and she was perfectly capable of making her own decisions, even if they turned out to be mistakes. She was a human, wasn't she? Making mistakes was part of the whole growing process of humans or whatever. So she didn't need Edward telling her how to act or who to talk to or how to talk to someone. And she certainly didn't need him to tell her how 'indecent' Mikes thoughts of her were. He was a normal teen age boy, she was bound to have 'indecent' thoughts. As long as Mike didn't act upon those thoughts, they were fine. But while she accepted and understood those thoughts, Edward didn't need to tell her about them in detail, thank you very much. Suddenly Bellas foot caught in a root and she was face first in the muddy forest ground and curses fell from her lips. Can't I have a break?! She stood up and started walking again. She didn't really have any destination, she just walked for the sake of getting away from the freaking Cullens. Edward had been really nice and prince-like the first time she had met him but the more she spent time with him, the more she seemed to be consumed by him - in a bad way. Before she noticed what had happened, he had isolated her from every other people but the Cullens. Suddenly Edward would start telling her what she should eat, what foods were unhealthy for her and what were healthy. Then he would start planning exercises for her and then the music she was listening was bad. The list went on and on, but the worst thing was that she had let him. She had let him do it when she made no move to stop him or even argue on her point. Edward was a true Victorian guy. He thought that women should be quiet and obedient. Something she definitely was not but played to be because she loved him - she truly did. But this just couldn't continue. Carlisle was too blinded by Edwards charm to see that he truly was suffocating her - Edward was Carlisles first 'son'. In other words Edward was so fucking perfect that he couldn't be wrong. So Bella would have to help herself - which was no surprise since she had done so since she could remember. Then there was dear Alice, the shopping freak. The one who would drag here shopping at least twice a week. Bella just couldn't understand the pull and Alice didn't seem to understand that Bella truly did hate shopping! Despite Alice's opinion, Bella did care how she looked but she didn't need millions of different clothes to look good. She didn't need nor want to put many layers of make-up to 'look amazing'. And she certainly didn't need to spend hundreds of dollars on clothes every week! And to put it simply, Alice didn't either care or know what Bella preferred to wear. She wasn't really girly, she didn't like skirts or dresses. Bella wore jeans. But that didn't mean she looked ugly or boring wearing them, God-dammit. And Bella honestly thought that the other Cullens had noticed all of this but they just didn't care. Rosalie could probably care less what happened to the 'poor human' and Jasper was most likely glad that Alice had found something to do. Emmet just seemed too stupid to realize anything and Esme went with everything her dear husband said. Truly, they were one messed up family. Bellas thought were so keenly on the Cullen family that she didn't stop to look at her surroundings. She just kept walking. But when she finally did notice that the forest was thicker and darker, she stopped. She wasn't really all that surprised to see that she didn't recognize anything she saw. Se was lost. But it didn't mean that she was happy about it. Definitely not, it only managed to make her more mad and miserable. "Great, this is just what I need. To get lost in the fucking forest", she muttered to herself. Bella didn't usually curse but she was just so pissed at the moment that she didn't care. Who was listening to her anyway? She was alone, lost in the forest. Not good. And I'm still pissed... Bella had a sudden strong urge to just scream at the top of her lungs but she held it down. There were many dangers in the forest and though they all weren't supernatural, she didn't want to attract attention to herself by screaming like a crazy person. A sudden stay of light caught her eye on her left. When she turned towards it, she saw what seemed to be some kind of field. Bella started walking towards it with hurried steps. She hated the dark and the forest was dark. She was glad to get out of there so she didn't really watch where she was going. It wasn't a big surprise that just when she reached the field, she tripped - again. Tears of frustration welled up in her eyes and she punched the ground with her fist. She was just so tired . She was tired of Edwards controlling ways, she was tired of Alices so called 'fun shopping-sprees' and she was tired of always tripping on her own two feet! But most of all, she was tired of always pretending to be what she wasn't. She wasn't some meek girl who got pushed around. She was stubborn and had a strong will that she had allowed Edward to suppress this long only because she loved him. She was tired of it all! The Cullens should just shove their vampiric asses to hell! Maybe if she told him all that, he would listen? Edward loved her too, didn't he? So space and the permission to do her own decision shouldn't be too much to ask... Right? And there it was again - permission. She shouldn't even be asking permission to make her own decisions, she should just start making them ! What was wrong with her? Bella hadn't gotten up from the ground when she had tripped, she just laid there on her stomach, her head on her forearms, eyes closed, though the tears had ceased. She was so caught up in her own musings that she didn't notice that the field had now another visitor. When Bella felt something cold and wet on her cheek and temple, she let out a startled yelp and sat quickly up. She froze when she realized that she was almost nose to nose with a silver wolf. She stared into its yellow-golden eyes, but took quick notice that the wolf was big - no - huge. The wolf had to bow her head to be face to face whit her. It was the size of a horse! Bella was terrified. She knew that one should never run from a predator so instead, she tried to slowly crawl backwards while her butt was still on the ground and hands supported her. The wolf only cocked its head a little and followed her. Okay, so this wasn't working . Bella stopped moving and took several deep breaths while telling herself that there was no reason to panic. The wolf hadn't shown any aggressive behavior - at least yet. It only seemed curious. So it was probably safe to say that it wasn't planning to eat her. Only the wolf didn't stop when Bella did. It kept coming towards her and Bella had to lean back. Eventually she was leaning so much backwards that she fell on her back. She clenched her hand together on top of her chest, so she wouldn't do something she would regret - like try to push the wolf. The wolf came on top of her. First it just stared at her for a while but then it bent forward to sniff at her. And apparently it didn't like what it smelled, because it pulled its lip to show a perfect set of white teeth and growled. Oh god.. . Bella thought while clenching her eyes shut. She didn't want to see when it are her. Then the wolf put it gigantic paw on her stomach - oh god it covered her whole stomach with ease - and Bella jumped slightly. It's gonna crush me! Bella was already ready to say goodbyes to her loved ones when the most amazing thing ever - on Bellas opinion - happened. The wolf started to rub its paw on her gently. Bella opened her eyes slowly, first the other one - as if afraid that a sudden explosion would happen - and finally the other one. The wolf wasn't looking at her face, no, it stared at the paw that was rubbing her stomach. It stopped its act for a moment to sniff her again. It didn't seem satisfied - with what, she didn't know - for it pulled its upper lip in a silent snarl, but still pulled the paw from her body and put it beside her. Then the wolf practically laid on top of her, but seemed to be careful not to put its whole body weight on her. Bella freaked, she felt so trapped when she couldn't even move her hands for they too were under the wolf. She tried to crawl away from the wolf but it gave a low growl - for warning, she knew - and Bella stilled. The wolf started to rub its head on whatever was not covered under its body, including Bellas face. But Bella knew enough about canine animals to know that this was an affectionate gesture, not a dangerous one. So she just laid there silently, letting the wolf do what it wanted. It almost seemed like it was trying to cover her in its scent, which was crazy. Wolfs generally stayed away from humans but when the two species did meet occasionally, wolves definitely did not react like this. She wasn't this wolfs pack, so there was no reason to have its scent on her. But wolves relied on instinct, so something woke up the instinct to cover her scent in its, but what - she didn't know. Bella was rudely interrupted from her musing when she felt a rough tongue on her face, and a second later, half her face was covered in drool. "Oh, ew. Eww !" Bella groaned and tried to get her hands free to get the drool off of her face. And that's when Bella suspected that she had gone crazy, because she could have sworn that the wolf smirked at her. Bella shook her head mentally and pushed the crazy thought away. Surely the stress was just getting on her and she was seeing things. The wolf had gotten up and moved to her side, but Bella didn't know if it was a good idea to get up yet so she just stayed on her back, and started to