A/N: Hi, guys! This is just a little one-shot showing what happened between Lupin and Tonks in book 6 and how their love developed, since we only saw Harry's point of view of the whole story. This is my first HP fanfic and I really hope you like it :) Please let me know what you think, send me your feedback! Thanks in advance and I'm sorry if there are any grammar mistakes, I'm not a native english speaker. Disclaimer: I do not own any of these characters, they're all created by the amazing J.K. Rowling. It was a little after noon and a few members of the Order had gone to the Burrow to have lunch and discuss how they would transport Harry Potter from the Dursley's place. However, Arthur Weasley informed Remus Lupin, Kingsley Shaklebolt and Nymphadora Tonks, the ones present that day, that Dumbledore himself said he'd get Harry and take him to the Weasley's house safe and sound. Putting the topic to rest, the group of friends finished Molly Weasley's delicious meal and then said their goodbyes, promising to be back now and then for a few visits. Kingsley disapparated quickly, since he had his duty to be with the Prime Minister, but Remus and Tonks walked casually along the Burrow's front yard, side by side. Since the meetings of the Order had become more frequent, the two of them had started to consider themselves as close friends, being comfortable around each other and with Tonks making Lupin laugh every time she thought he was a bit tense. Of course that had become a constant state for Lupin ever since Sirius died a few months before at the Battle of the Department of Mysteries. Tonks knew he was grieving and wanted to let him know she was there for him, but the woman still wasn't able to make him talk about the issue and decided to wait until he was ready, even if she didn't know when that was gonna happen. "So, what are you doing tomorrow?" She asked him, interested in seeing if he'd like to get a drink with her at the Leaky Cauldron. She really enjoyed being in his presence and talking to him and didn't want that to be restricted only to the Order meetings. "Uh, actually, I'm gonna go back to the Grimmauld place." He told her, his tone of voice completely normal, but when Tonks looked at him, she realized he had a little bit of a frown between his eyebrows. Lupin was always a master in hiding his emotions, but she knew he didn't like the thought of returning to the place which had lots of memories from Sirius. Remus looked back at the woman and saw the surprising look on her face, after all, he hadn't been there since his best friend died. Realizing she wanted to know why, he explained. "I left a few of my things there." "Oh, okay." She nodded, looking down at her boots. Then, an idea popped in her head. "I can come with you… If you want, of course." Realizing they had reached the Burrow's limits, the two of them stopped walking, Tonks looking up at Lupin, waiting for an answer. "Well, sure… If you'd like." He shrugged. "It'd be nice." She smiled at him. "Okay. See you tomorrow, then." "See ya." He looked at her one more time before disapparating. Tonks and Lupin met each other at the Grimmauld place the next day and went in the number 12 house without saying anything. "Wow, there's so much dust already." was Tonks first comment the minute they walked in, running a finger through the frame of the nearest portrait on the wall, looking back at her grey finger, filled with dust. "Ew." "I'm gonna go get some things upstairs" Lupin told her, heading up the stairs when she nodded. Tonks started to wander and look around the first floor of the house. A few members of the Order had gone there a few times after Sirius' death, but she and Lupin preferred to go meet them at the Burrow when they could, so the two of them had not gone back to the place ever since the infamous Battle of the Department of Mysteries. Stopping in front of the Black Family tapestry, Tonks made a disgusted face to that family she hated so much, noticing her mother and Sirius' faces removed from it, considered traitors of the blood. "Ugh." She made a vomit noise when looking at the whole thing. "It's so ugly." Not realizing she had been standing there for quite a few minutes, Tonks was startled when she heard Lupin's loud footsteps down the stairs. "That awful thing." He commented, once he caught the woman looking at the tapestry, sitting down on the couch in front of it. "Couldn't agree more." She said, noticing he put a few things in his pocket and was looking at a picture. "Did you get everything? What's that?" "I brought this for Sirius when we first made this house as the headquarters of the Order. It doesn't have Pettigrew in it. I figured he'd like it." He showed the picture to Tonks, who sat beside him. In the picture you could see three teenage boys wearing the Gryffindor uniform, huge smiles plastering their faces, since they were clearly back from a Quidditch game. James was in the middle, wearing his quidditch uniform and holding a golden snitch in his right hand, proudly showing it to the camera, while Sirius and Lupin were by his side, red and yellow scarves on their necks, raising their hands up in the air, celebrating Gryffindor's win. It was such a happy picture that even Tonks smiled widely looking at it. "Well, you don't look a day older." She commented, clearly joking, since Lupin now had lots of grey hairs and wrinkles on his face. "You're too kind." He laughed, looking back at the picture. "I didn't want to leave this here. It's a good memory." They both stayed silent for a moment after Lupin put the picture in his pocket, sighing and looking around the living room. "You okay?" She asked him. Once again, the man had a slight frown between his eyebrows, but quickly turned his expression back to normal before looking at her. "Yeah, I'm fine." "Remus, I'm a metamorphmagus, I know pretty well about putting up a mask on the exterior to hide your emotions." She told him, seriously. "Your best friend died. It's okay to grieve." Lupin let out a slight chuckle at her statement, a little voice in his head saying "She's right, you know?", but he decided to let it go. Looking from his hands back at her, he changed the subject. "I like your pink hair." She realized he was changing the subject, but smiled anyway. He was a man who didn't like to show his emotions and she couldn't force him to talk. "It's better than the purple one, isn't it?" Tonks touched her hair, trying to look at it. "I think purple is not my color, it makes me look a bit sick." Lupin shrugged, still looking at her. "I don't know, they all suit you." Smiling at his words, Tonks didn't even think twice before meeting her lips with his. With her hands on his cheeks, she felt Lupin stiffen his body in surprise, but, soon after, beginning to give in to the kiss, opening his mouth once Tonks deepened it and came closer to him. But, before his hands made their way to her waist, Lupin quickly backed away, startling her. "No, w-we can't do this." He shook his head in denial many times, getting up from the couch and away from Tonks like she was something toxic. "What? What's wrong?" She got up too, confused. "What's this? What's happening here?" He motioned between the two of them in a harsh way, his voice a little bit angry. "I-I don't know, I thought…" Tonks frowned, even more confused. She and Lupin had become so close recently that she really thought there was something more going on between them. "Well, you thought wrong!" He raised his voice, frightening her. "Okay, I'm sorry, I was wrong. If you don't feel the same way, I… I'll forget this ever happened." She said without looking into his eyes, rushing to get her stuff from the couch and get out of there, embarrassed. "It's not about feelings, Tonks!" Lupin sighed, his hands on his head, frustrated. "I-I do… I feel the same way." Tonks stopped in her tracks, looking up at him, in surprise. "You do?" "I do, but that doesn't matter!" He exclaimed, trying to explain his point to her. "We can't be together!" "Well, why not?" She asked, not getting his intense refusal. Lupin looked at her like she was insane. "You? With a guy like me?" He opened and closed his mouth, perplexed that she didn't see the clear obstacle between them. "I'm a werewolf, Tonks." "So?" She raised her eyebrows, still staring at him, waiting for a good enough reason for them not to be together. "Nobody dates a werewolf, Tonks, it just doesn't happen." Lupin shook his head at her. "What will people think of you? What will your parents think of you?!" He argued, looking at her still confused expression. "Besides, it's not just that. I'm poor, I'm old… I'm thirteen years older than you!" "Well, I don't care about any of that!" This time, Tonks was the one to raise her voice, annoyed by the stupid argument. "You should!" He yelled back at her. Not afraid of his sudden anger, she stepped closer to him, looking into his eyes. "Remus, this is stupid." She chuckled, even finding it funny. How could any of those reasons he pointed out be an obstacle to them getting together? Who cares about what other people might think? "I really like you." She raised her hand to touch his, but Lupin quickly snapped it away from her, afraid that if she touched him, he would weaken and get back in his decision. Looking at her tortured expression, he gathered all his strength to say what he was about to say. "I said no, Nymphadora." Hearing those words come out so harshly out of Lupin's mouth was like he had hit her. Without being able to look at him again, she quickly turned her back at him and left the house, banging the door after her and leaving a miserable Lupin standing in the Black's living room. At the next meeting of the Order, Tonks and Lupin weren't even able to look at each other, greeting a simple "Hi" when the woman arrived, since she greeted everyone of the members and couldn't simply ignore Lupin in front of everyone. But the awkwardness between the both of them was almost palpable and their friends realized something was off, but didn't know what and didn't say anything about it. When the meeting was over, Tonks rushed to catch Lupin before he left. "Can I talk to you for a minute?" She asked, decided to let it all go and make things clear to at least not lose his friendship. Being close to Lupin was very important to her. "I'm sorry, I'm busy." He said, without looking at her and walking away so he could disapparate. The other meetings went pretty much the same. Lupin was still avoiding Tonks and the woman was feeling miserable, like she had ruined everything. She thought the feeling would pass and she would get over it, but the more she and Lupin were drifted away from each other, the harder the pain hit her. Tonks couldn't eat properly, she couldn't sleep and didn't even have the strength to change her hair color anymore. Her parents had already pointed out she was looking thinner and wondered what was going on, but she pretended she was fine, not knowing what