Nymphadora got back from work that day and quickly ran around the kitchen of her and Remus' house to prepare their meal, the one cooking recipe she actually learned from her mother and knew how to cook properly. When she and Lupin got married, just a couple of weeks before, Tonks decided to learn more chores spells, since she'd be more at home now that she actually had a family of her own. Picking up the ingredients from the cabinets with flicks of her wand, she giggled to herself at that thought. The young woman had never cared about tidying up, her room was always a mess at her parents' place and when she got her own flat, once she started to work as an Auror and decided it was time to live by herself, the entire place had her stuff thrown all over and she didn't even remember if she ever cooked there, since Tonks only came home to sleep, her job and the Order of the Phoenix tasks taking most of her time. But now, things were different. Completely different. Even though the war was at its peak and she still had her job and the Order tasks, she also had Remus, someone to come home to. And that feeling of belonging somewhere was amazing, something she couldn't even explain. The girl didn't feel the need to wander around her parents and friends' houses just to pass her free time anymore, she just wanted to come back home to him. Everyday. Stirring a sauce in the pan, she got herself reminiscing on her Hogwarts days and the Potions class, which she was actually not really good at, just enough to get the grades she needed to become an Auror. "Oh my God!" Tonks jumped, frightened, when some vegetables she had been cooking in another pan suddenly popped out of it onto the floor. Yeah, she definitely couldn't do two things at once even with the help of some spells for it to cook on its own. Tonks began to admire her mom and Molly Weasley now more than ever, since those two were outstanding in the kitchen. That was clearly not her environment. But she had to try her best to do it perfectly, at least just this once. Because, that night, she had some important news to share with her husband over dinner and they needed the perfect meal for it. Almost an hour later, she was finally done when Tonks heard the door being unlocked. "Hey, I'm home!" Lupin announced himself. She rushed to put the last dishes on their dining table, almost dropping them onto the floor when she tripped on her own feet, and then made her way to the living room, watching her husband hang his cloak on the coat rack beside the door, distractedly. "Hi!" She greeted him, standing next to the dining room archway. "I'm sorry I took so long, I ran into Kingsley and we chatted for a bit…" He turned around and stopped mid sentence when he saw the state his wife was in. Her usual pink short hair was all messy like she had just come back from a battle, there were many spills of different colors on her shirt and skirt and she had a slight cut on her index finger, which she probably hadn't noticed. In spite from all that, Tonks stood smiling widely at him, which Lupin found the weirdest image. "What happened to you?" "Oh!" Tonks widened her eyes, looking at herself and finally realizing the mess she looked like. "Hang on." With just a squint of her eyes, her hair and clothes changed to the same ones, only this time, much cleaner. "What's going on?" Lupin approached her, gently taking her right hand in his and healing the cut she still hadn't noticed on her finger with a flick of his wand. He then kissed her hand and, seeing her looking tenderly at him, gave her a peck on the lips. "Well… I made us dinner!" She pulled him into the dining room, motioning to the table filled with dishes. They actually looked good and edible, she thought, impressed with herself. "You… cooked?" Lupin raised his eyebrows, an amused expression on his face. It was usually up to him to cook something for them or, if they were too lazy, the couple went out to eat. "What's the occasion?" "Nothing…" Tonks motioned for him to seat and she did the same in front of him. "Can't a girl just want to do something special for her husband once in awhile?" She lied, preferring them to have dinner first before she told him the news. "Okay…" He chuckled, not believing her, but letting it go. The couple had a peaceful dinner, telling each other about their days, Fleur and Bill's wedding they were going to attend that weekend and the Order plans for dealing with Voldemort's uprisal. "Okay, so, I have something to tell you." Tonks said, once they had finished eating. "I knew this wasn't for nothing." Lupin laughed, knowing his wife very well. "Well, I think there's no other way of telling you this…" She took a deep breath, getting ready, seeing Lupin's big frown on his forehead, suddenly worried. "Or I could've, you know, done some pretty magic as an announcement, but I guess I don't know a spell that does it like I'd want it to, I'd have to ask…" "Dora." Lupin called her attention, noticing she was rambling, nervous. "I'm pregnant." She let it all out, smiling from ear to ear at the effect those words said out loud had on her. It was the first time she actually said it. Tonks had never actually dreamed of becoming a mother or planned for it. She and Lupin hadn't even talked about the subject. Everything had happened really fast for them. They took almost a year to finally get together, but when they did, the couple quickly got married, acting out of impulse and their strong feelings for each other and now, just a few weeks after their quiet small wedding, there they were, expecting a baby. And she was scared, of course, Tonks had no idea of how to raise a child, but more than anything, she was surprised at how that unexpected news made her feel. It made her feel blissfully happy. A feeling that took over her entire body. She and the love of her life were going to have a baby and she couldn't be happier. Taking a deep breath, she finally looked up to her husband's eyes, expecting to see him surprised, but thrilled about her announcement. However, what Tonks saw was a look of utter shock and even horror in Lupin's expression. Although she was married to the man, Tonks usually didn't know what he was thinking, since Lupin was very hard to read, keeping his feelings to himself. But, this time, his reaction was so profound that there was no way he could hide it. He stayed like that for a few seconds, taking in the information and looking down at his plate. "Remus… Please say something." She basically begged him, scared of what his expression meant. "You're pregnant?" He finally looked into her eyes, the shock still not leaving his eyes. "You're sure about that?" "Yes, of course." She furrowed her brows, then reaching for his hands over the table, but he quickly got up and started to pace back and forth on the same spot. "What is going on? Why are you acting like this?" She asked. Tonks had never seen her husband look so disturbed before. "Why?!" He abruptly stopped in front of her and repeated her question, like the answer was obvious. "Because this wasn't supposed to happen! I didn't think it could happen, I didn't think …" Tonks' heart sank in her chest, seeing Lupin's reaction. It was obvious he wasn't as thrilled as she was or even a little bit happy as she thought he would be. His reaction was the opposite of that, he was terrified. Tonks had always seen Lupin be such a father figure to Harry and such a good teacher that she thought he wanted kids one day, that he'd love to be a father himself, she thought… But, clearly she was wrong. She didn't know what to say or what to do, so the woman just sat there, looking at her husband who was pacing around and running his hands through his thin hair while a million thoughts went through his mind. "I… I don't even know what to say." He supported himself on the back of the chair in front of him, looking stunned. "I'm sorry this isn't the future you wanted for yourself." Tonks said in a serious tone, getting up and picking up the dishes from the table without even using magic, feeling more irritated by the second. "This isn't the future I wanted for you ! Or for our child!" He exclaimed, trying to make her see his point. Nymphadora stopped in her tracks towards the kitchen and turned back to Lupin, confused. "What?" The man sighed, sitting back on the chair in front of him. "This baby is probably gonna acquire the lycanthrophy genes, it's probably gonna be a werewolf like me and… The life this child and you are gonna have is just…" He sighed once more, supporting his head on his hands. "We should've been more careful, but I didn't think… Werewolves don't usually breed, so I never thought about it." Lupin spoke mostly to himself, his voice showing his huge affliction. "I can't believe I did this to my own kid, I…" He looked up to meet her eyes and she saw huge tears daring to fall from his own. "I'm sorry I put you through this, Dora, you shouldn't have to deal with this…" She saw as he quickly dried his eyes before the tears fell and looked away from her, his facial expression showing how destroyed he was. Tonks definitely did not expect this when she prepared to tell her husband the news earlier that evening. "Hey." She kneeled down in front of him, supporting herself with her hands on his knees. "It's gonna be okay, our baby will be fine." "How can you be so sure?" He questioned her, serious. "I just am." She gave him a half smile. Tonks knew that wasn't much comforting, but she just knew deep down that everything would be fine with their kid. Call it mother instinct or whatever you want, but she just had this feeling. That didn't seem to convince Lupin, but he was tired of arguing about that subject. In his mind, however, he kept thinking that even if their child wasn't born with the lycanthropy genes, it'd still have him as a father, Lupin, who was seen by everybody else as a dangerous monster. He couldn't wish that life to anyone, let alone his own child. "This is good, Remus." Tonks said, gently placing a hand on his cheek and smiling at him. "Forget about the things that could go wrong and let's focus on the good. We're having a baby, we're beginning our family. You and I." She smiled even wider at him, happiness taking over her. She hoped he could feel it too. "That's happy news." He couldn't handle ruining his wife's happiness, seeing she was clearly thrilled about the situation, so he just nodded and gave her a kiss on the forehead, getting up to help her with the dishes. The next few days were spent by Lupin trying to focus on his work with the Order of the Phoenix and not think too much about the baby situation, which was nearly impossible, since Tonks couldn't stop talking about it, even already announcing it to her parents. They hadn't had the time to deliver the news to their friends of the Order, since they left Harry's birthday party