Author's note: Edited, as of 21/9/2014 Chapter 1 Tales of Olympus: Perseus Jackson Prologue Today was the day , he thought. Carrying a small red rectangular box in his hand, he ran his hand through his hair, taming it. Or so she would say. Everything seemed to have planned out a bit too perfect for him, but he didn't waste too much thinking about it. Percy didn't want to jinx it. Despite that, he smiled. Demigods practically jinx up everything with their scent, so why bother? As he continued walking down the path to the beach, he started to feel as though each step was getting heavier than the previous one. As if something was holding him back, or maybe it was just his mind playing tricks with him. He just shrugged it off as the latter and continued walking. To others, each step was probably like the son of Poseidon attempting to pulling each leg forward. As he neared the beach, his heart sped up at the thought of Annabeth tackling him on to the ground and start a full-on make out session with him when she sees the gift he had brought. Boy, he was wrong. Voices from the beach grew louder with each step Percy took to arrive at his destination. "...does he know yet?" A slightly muffled voice asked. Percy frowned slightly as he reconisged the voice as his brother's, a certain son of Poseidon claimed by his dad a few months ago. Someone who practically spent every other day in his life trying to destroy Percy's. "I...I don't think I can bring it up to him without breaking him." Annabeth's voice reached his ear. Percy frowned even more. Him? Who's him? He decided to listen longer. "I don't think I can keep up the act of pretending my most hottest and sexiest girlfriend hates me, can I?" Xelick said slyly. Percy gagged at that. This must be a joke, isn't it? He fully expected Annabeth to launch herself at him saying that it was all for some comedy film for some Film Arts Festival she decided to join. But everything didn't go exactly to thought. His blood roared in his ear and his fists kept clenching and unclenching when he heard Annabeth giggle to that. He forced himself to calm down and think straight but the sudden pounding against his skull made it impossible to focus on anything else. His subconscious told him to walk away and pretend that none of this happened, but his feet -as if they have eyes- wanted to see what was going on. The more he walked, the more his heart ached. He could more or less guess what he was going to see, but his heart was way to stubborn to listen to his mind. Now, standing on the sand dune, he had full sight of the scene. The scene of Annabeth cuddling next to Zelick, staring at him as if he was the only guy in the world. The scene of Zelick grinning, before swooping down to plant a swift kiss on her lips. But what hurt him most was the scene of Annabeth willingly kissing him back, as though the name Percy Jackson wasn't real. His hand clenched around the velvet box. Unable to withstand Percy's rage, it got deformed. Pieces of velvet red cardboard fluttered to the ground and the necklace dug deeply into his palm. "...why..." He muttered. Like the cardboard, Percy's heart broke down slowly. "WHY!" He screamed. unconsciously channeling his emotions to the sea. The waves responded immediately to his anger and formed 30 foot waves. The air around Percy rippled and warped. His once sea-green eyes turned poisonous green along with the sky as they darkened to his anger. Thunder boomed and lightning lit up the sky every now and then. The couple knew almost immediately that something was wrong. The waves continued to batter and ram against the shore, unaffected by Zelick as he tried weakly to gain control over them while his right hand grasped loosely against Annabeth's. Lightning struck the water and there was a huge burst of white light. Percy was, however, oblivious to everything except for the fact that Annabeth had cheated on him for his brother. While Percy gave a yell of pure hatred and anger, everything seemed to die to have the explode ten-fold as his anger grew larger/ A huge blast of pure force wiped practically everything off its roots, with the son of Poseidon as the epicentre. The scream of campers grew louder each time as lightning struck something, setting that something on fire. Or thunder cracking, like the sound of Zeus clapping his hands together angrily. Finally everything managed to die down. Percy was slowly lifted down as every piece of his heart broke into nothingness. Tears ran down the sides of his cheek as his grip over the necklace lessen. Why ? The words bounced off each corner of his mind like a mantra. The image of Annabeth kissing Xelick burned in his mind painfully, a permanent reminder of what he lost that day. He went on his knees and cursed the Fates for the hero's life he had. He had survived several days with man-hating huntresses, held the sky once, fought against a three story high cyclopes, fought three Titans, endured a dip into River Styx, survived the Underworld and even held back from pissing his pants when he was looked down by all the Olympians. Heck, he even flew once. But nothing beats the pain of a broken heart. Campers started to approached the broken demigod cautiously, aware of their hero on the ground with his knees brought against his chest, sobbing silently. They all knew Percy was supposed to celebrate his second month anniversary with Annabeth today, and judging by how Zelick was clutching onto the said demigoddess, they could more or less guess what had happened. It left many demigods shell-shocked, disappointed and simply, angry. ~O~ Her eyes widened as she sprinted from the archery targets, abandoning her post with the huntresses of Artemis. But she couldn't care less at the moment. so much so that Thalia barely registered the cries of alarm of pain as she elbowed her way through the thick crowd that had gathered at the beach, not hesitating once when she met a blurry child of Ares or Hephaestus. She was more than surprise when she saw what had happened/ Percy was literally in the middle of it all. The mess spread across several kilometers of the Camp, affecting many of the cabins and life spawns of nymphs. The said demigod was rocking back and forth in the mess, his hair more ruffled than ever. Two other demigods laid a few feet from him, their hairs sticking out like the pricks of an agitated porcupine. Their unconscious figures smouldered and the smell of burnt oxygen and metal was thick in the air. Their hands were laced through each other's and it didn't take the daughter of Zeus long to figure what had happened. She wanted someone to slap her. To bring her out of the horrible nightmare she was having. Annabeth and Percy were two of her closest friends. And with them separated, Thalia wasn't sure what she would do. Suddenly, there was a slight shimmer in the air. Despite their current predicament, Thalia and the other present demigods drew their weapons and readied themselves. Instead, the form solidified into a humanoid figure. The image sharpened and revealed to be the god of messengers, Hermes. The campers released a sigh of relief. Thalia barely lowered her spear. "Lord Hermes, what brings you here?" Thalia asked., feeling a little anxious on the coincidence. Hermes tore his eye from the scene he was looking at and faced the daughter of Zeus. "Thalia Grace is it?" He asked, brown eyes flashing with curiosity as he studied her. Thalia scowled. "Don't mention my surname." Hermes looked at Thalia apologetically. "My apologies." But instead of continuing the chat with the huntress,he turned to Chiron who apparently had appeared behind her. "Percy is required immediately in he council room, under the strict orders of Zeus." Those words seemed to freeze the centaur of whatever denial in his throat and he waved weakly for the god to continue. Before Thalia could even disagree, Hermes had already teleported himself in front of Percy, before reaching forwards and grabbing his shoulder. They promptly disappeared in a shower of golden light. Thalia cursed. Not that she could have done anything without having herself being in trouble. She wondered what had Percy done this time to suffer another council meeting with the Olympian Gods. Sure Percy was an occasional kelp-head, but that didn't mean that Thalia didn't have a small soft spot for him. But of course she would have rather gotten seen in a dress than admit that. Wait, did she really want to wear a dress? Come to think of it... Thalia shook her head. She had better things to worry about now, like how a certain son of Poseidon was going to suffer Zeus' wrath or like what she is going to do when another son of Poseidon wakes up with a daughter of Athena in his arms. Annabeth groaned loudly, surprising the other campers around. Water conducts lightning, no? Thalia cracked her knuckles, intentionally letting them spark with electricity. She could vaguely remember the various torture methods Artemis had taught her a few weeks ago, used strictly on forcing information out from the enemy only. But that was only an unsaid rule. She took a step forward, not at all sorry for what she was going to do. In fact, she hoped that she hadn't forgotten about every single one of the methods. This was too good of a chance to pass on. Now, if she could just remember where that pressure point was to make Zelick feel like he was on fire... ~O~ Percy was still depressed about what happened earlier on, so much so that when Hermes had teleported both of them directly into the Throne room, he barely noticed a pissed off Zeus sparking with random bolts of lightning. The said god allowed Percy to stare aimlessly at the floor of the throne room for a while before getting to business. He promptly snapped his fingers and a sphere of water appeared beside him, blasting Percy with water. The water was enough to wake Percy out of from his self-wallowing. He jolted straight up as if he was suddenly infused with extra caffeinated coffee. "Wha-?" Percy asked, suddenly aware of where he was. Athena smiled at him warily. "You are currently in the Council Room, in case you haven't noticed." Percy turned beet-red at that and brought a hand to his neck, rubbing it sheepishly. Several gods smiled at Percy's behavior, glad that the son of Poseidon had forgotten about the small storm he had conjured up just then. But Percy's face immediately fell upon remembering what had happened. Something in his chest twisted painfully. "Perseus Jackson, do you know how much trouble you've caused because of your team up?" Zeus barked. The whole room turned silent and seemingly turned colder each minute passed by, anxious to know what the Hero of Olympus had done. Percy managed to look at Zeus with little strength he had. He couldn't help but feel that what had happened to him was brought by himself. He tried to look surprised, but to be honest, he couldn't. It was as if nothing could startle him more then what Annabeth had done. He wanted to ignore the pain, but somehow, everything he thought about was related to Annabeth. And his heart would explode if he didn't do anything. "Perseus, would you deny that you have worked with Kronos against the gods during the Titan war." He questioned. Zeus' electric blue eyes turned laser blue and bore into Percy's heart, trying to detect a